014028009X|4.0|Personnally, cannot relate to Bridget at all.  She is a heavy drinking, cigarette smoking, sloppy, airhead.  She takes no responsibility for her life and waits for things to happen to and for her.  Fairy tale ending not  believable or possible in the real world for this woman, though it will  make for a great, sappy end to a major motion picture in which Hugh Grant  will likely be cast.  HOWEVER, I read the book in just three days and found  it very funny.  Well worth a try in between more serious reading.
B000000WA4|5.0|Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is a flawless example of an epic. Rather than an epic book or movie, it's an epic rock album. It has many facets and they all shine brilliantly, like a diamond held up to the light.  Ranging from screaming brutal metal (Zero) to soft melodic beauty  (Galapogos), this album has it all.<br />Some of the highlights from the first  disc, Dawn to Dusk: &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; is one the best songs of  the 90s, period. &quot;Jellybelly&quot; is uptempo, albeit heavy and  distorted. &quot;Zero&quot; is a brilliant, VERY dark rock song. &quot;Here  is no Why&quot; is unbearably catchy and has some great (and a bit funny)  lyrics. &quot;Bullet with a Butterfly Wings&quot; is very heavy and hits  like a bat out of hell. &quot;An Ode to No One&quot; is dark and distorted.  &quot;Love&quot; captures the emotion very well, but still manages to be  very much a hard rock song and is almost techo-oriented.  &quot;Galapogos&quot; is soft and beautiful. &quot;Muzzle&quot; is, in my  opinion (and Billy's apparently) the best song on the album. The title of  this review is a line from the song. I also think it's one of the best  songs the Pumpkins have ever made. Great lyrics and searing melody.  Amazing.<br />The second disc, Twilight to Starlight, is also very good.  &quot;Bodies&quot; is a very emotional, screaming rock song.  &quot;Thirty-Three&quot; is quite a change, slower and less heavy, but very  good. &quot;1979&quot; is a classic. &quot;Tales of a Scorched Earth&quot;  is a bit incomprehensible, but has (In My Humle Opinion) some of the most  effective lyrics Billy has ever written - they're very blunt and powerful.  &quot;Thru the Eyes of Ruby&quot; is indescribably beautiful.  &quot;X.Y.U.&quot; is vicious anger translated into song form. Very  strong.<br />Although on later albums (actually only Machina as of now), the  Pumpkins have manages to fuse the soft songs and the heavier ones together  into one. Even so, Mellon Collie stands as a beautiful piece of art and an  amazing portrait of youth. I think youth is really the theme of the album,  and it's almost a concept album about life from birth to death. Buy it -  NOW.
1573226521|5.0|The book is a refreshing change instead of the usual themes of love, conflict it deals with the subject of freedom and the restictions to which society puts us under everyday... It is split up into easy chunks which  keeps the attention of the reader.. It is amazingly clever and thought  provoking..
6305718954|3.0|Stigmata was a good movie,I enjoy it!the story was good,the cast was also good too.Why I give 3 star because Stigmata was not scary.
0800141709|5.0|This is the best role of Peter Sellers and George C. Scott and also the best movie of Stanley Kubrick.
B000020617|5.0|Excellent album by the foo fighters.  If you liked the previous two albums you'll love this one. There's plenty of good tracks on this one. You won't be disappointed.
0679735259|5.0|As a Vietnam vet, I can attest that Michael Herr vividly portrays Vietnam from a grunt's point of view.  Unfortunately, he does not give us the overview, the &quot;big picture&quot; as to why those grunts were there to  begin with.  This may be a fair presentation, however, because most of the  grunts were not given that overview either.<br />This is a wonderful (and  appropriately disturbing) picture of Vietnam from the trenches, equally  applicable to any war in which young men have fought and died.  For the  &quot;big picture&quot;, try Phillip B. Davidson's &quot;Vietnam at  War&quot;.  For a great read, read Michael Herr's &quot;Dispatches&quot;.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Like so many, I was drawn to this album by way of the wonderfully emotive  theme to the superb ROSWELL tv show. Well, the rest of the tracks do not  disappoint. Dido's vocals are strong yet vulnerable .. and every track  grabs you from the first hearing. 'Honestly OK' is also featured in the  Roswell series. Let's hope more of Dido will be heard there and all over!  UK (and US) Roswell fans please email me!
0060926317|5.0|An enchanting voyage into the dessert and into self. The autor uncovers a refreshing point of view on our culture, our values and the true meaning and vocation in being a human being.  It doesn't matter if the author has  been there or not - the truth is in the position she takes, and in the love  for our world and it's inhabitants - whoever they are.
0393312836|5.0|This book is a refreshing substitute to the Stanley Kubrick movie with the same name. While Kubrick does follow the story line until omitting the final chapter, his intent seemed to be focused on the shock value of the  violence and sexuality of the story, not the message. Readers of A  Clockwork Orange will find that Burgess does not put Alex on a pedistal;  rather, he tells a story about a hooligan who at first glance deserves the  treatment he receives. It is up to the reader to determine if such  punishment is an acceptable alternative to current means of criminal  correction. I highly recommend A Clockwork Orange to anyone who has seen  the movie and wants to better understand what Alex was thinking as well as  doing.<br />This book is much more relevant to today's world than 1984, Animal  Farm or Brave New World, as Burgess more accurately predicted what the  world today looks like than Orwell or Haley. Further, Burgess does not  discount the ability for humans to think independently, while Orwell and  Haley simply believed we were all incapable for making good judgements. In  fact, it is this distinction that enables Burgess to be so accurate about  how violent, yet free of dictators, we have become.
B00003CWL5|5.0|Here is a movie that doesn't merely entertain the audience, showing them what they want to see and happily following idealistic stereotypes about family life and relationships. The writer and director instead probe much  deeper into the ties that keep friends and families together, questioning  our motivations, aspirations, and convictions, and ultimately revealing  answers that many of us may find unsettlingly accurate. <br />This movie asks  questions about the legitimacy of many of our social obligations, the  dangers of paranoia and close-mindedness, the worth of self-happiness, and  the value of appreciating all that is beautiful in a life often all too  short. <br />More importantly, each theme is carefully considered from  multiple perspectives, with each side sympathetically and respectfully  depicted with both humor and solemnity.<br />Beautifully acted and filmed,  American Beauty is a superbly thoughtful, powerful, relevant, as well as  entertaining movie. I give it my highest recommendation.
B000002AH7|5.0|This Album has the Sharpest Clearest Horns you will ever hear.Albums Like  this are one of a Kind.Miles Davis sound is so Rich Here that it Leaves you  Motionless.He was a Risk taking Artist who took many chances with his work  and More Often than not He Struck Genius and this is no exception.Together  with Gil Evans&amp;The Orchestra this is a Masterpiece.The Music feels so  free.
0393038912|5.0|I concur with most of the favorable reviews.  The subject and thesis are fascinating.  The delivery is less than perfect.  The fact that the thesis is also politically correct does not make it any less compelling.  Addressing some of the unfavorable reviews below: Repetitive?  Yes, but  certain dynamics neccessarily repeat.  Culture, Food production, language,  writing and other technologies (and animal and plant species themselves)  make their transfer from the peoples of one geographical location to those  of  another based on the same repeating factors: presence or absence of  geographical and climatalogical barriers, density of population (i.e.  &quot;critical mass&quot;), and finally whether the receiving culture is  otherwise primed to receive.  This point neccessarily has to be repeated  throughout the book.  Technology transfer across geographical boundries.  The criticism here is that the author picks and chooses which technologies  could have been expected to transfer. (&quot;The easy ones transfer, the  hard ones don't,&quot; implying that the Australians, for example were to  stupid to make use of Indonesian tools, or the Sub-Saharan Africans to use  writing.) I found no contradiction here.  The individual nature of each  advance in technology determines whether it will (a)likely transfer and  (b)&quot;stick&quot; in a new location.  The analysis is very neccessarily  case by case, depending on need, availiblility of raw materials, climate,  population density, and stage of prior cultural development. Can even the  greatest salesman really sell refrigerators to Eskimos? -- or even to New  Guineans, if they don't have electric plugs? The Mexican wheel.  I too  noted the contradiction here.  The lack of a beast of burden does not  render this technology any less valuable.  Why didn't Aztec kids who played  with toy wheels grow up to be Aztec adults who pushed wheelbarrows or  pulled carts up ramps to build pyramids?  Is it possible that Diamond has  stretched too far in &quot;discovering&quot; an Aztec wheel in the pictures  on Aztec pottery?  I agree that the photos add nothing.  Some  intermediate junior editor pulled out his set of old National Geographics  and threw in a few photos to make the book more salable.
B000002AQQ|1.0|just Like the dumb film this Set makes no sense other than Capitolizing on  the market with Familiar songs that can be found on way too many  Compilations.this set doesn't Properly cover any one time period all the  way thru.who hasn't heard&amp;seen these songs a Million times already?
0800177177|2.0|When this film came out in 1992, I was very apprehensive about it, so I avoided seeing it. Last year I decided to give it a chance and finally watch it. This film does the best job of following the events as they take  place in the book of any film adaption of Stoker's story. The film also  keeps the characters straight because the other film versions tended to  eliminate a character altogether (Quincy) or change a character's role (Dr.  Seward). There are some incredible visuals in this film, the beginnig  sequence, the transformation of Dracula into the rats and the chase to the  castle are the ones that really stand out. The costumes, sets and special  effects are overall spectactular.     However, I just cannot overlook the  problems of this film.  I tried to keep in mind the fact that other film  versions of Dracula are far off from the book like Universals and Hammers  versions and I love them, but I keep coming back to the unavoidable fact  that they stuck Stroker's name on the film which insinuates this film will  stick to the book. They did get events right and who the characters were,  but the mood and how the characters behave is where this film fouled out.  Dracula was not a love story, you simply cannot get around that, the final  scene with Mina helping  Dracula off to die just destroys any good the  chase scene did. Stoker's Dracula was a monster, not the suave, hip, tragic  figure that this film tries to portray him as. I normally like Anthony  Hopkins, but his portrayl of Van Helsing was further off than any other  character in this film. Van Helsing was eccentric  to a point, but not a  raving lunatic and that is how Hopkins comes across. I think this was the  Batman approach, in that in Tim Burton's  Batman Michael Keaton played the  title character very low-key and Nicholson (the bigger name actor) played  an in your face type role because he was the bigger name. In Dracula,  Oldman plays a low-key lead character and Hopkins plays a loud, over the  top performance. The problem is Batman was right on target and this film is  way off kilter with the way in which they portrayed these charters. The  overemphasis on sex added nothing to this film, totally unnecessary. This  film hits on a few levels, but the way the characters are portrayed and the  whole mood of the film is just very sub-par. I know a lot people will  disagre with me, but anyone who gave this film five stars is looking at  with a different pair of eyes than I was.
B000002I53|5.0|John Coltrane's Genius shines Brightly here on this set.The Title cut is a  Masterpiece among Masterpieces.Mccoy Tyner is Incredible here as is Elvin  Jones.But not for me really hits the spot.this is Coltrane at His Peak  which Lasted for a Long time but Albums Like this One helps you Understand  His Enormous Impact.
B000001DYD|5.0|This album is not for everyone let it be said.  It is not for someone who is in it for the perfect sound with all of the studio benefits.  It is not for someone who is looking to replace Courtney, Alanis, or Sarah Mc with  someone else.  This album is for those who can give it several tries before  understanding it.   If you are reding this, and have ever bought a Tori  Amos or Bjork record for the first time, and slung it to the side, and  weeks later put it in again...still didn't like it, and tossed it away  again, and then over time kept repeating the processes, and now they have  become one of your favorites....This is an album for you. This is one of my  3 favorite albums of all time... 1st-Tori Amos- Boys for Pele 2nd-PJ  Harvey- Rid Of Me 3rd-Radiohead- OK Computer  PJ is definately a  second-time listen on this CD.  At first listen is seems repetitive, and  you can't give the songs much of a chance past their intros, but over time,  you learn to love it.  I have had this CD since 1995, and now in 2000 have  just began to listen to it.     The better part of the album consists of  songs like...Missed, Rid Of Me, Yuri-G, Me-Jane, 50 Ft. Queenie, Rub til'  it Bleeds and Esctacy. Other songs i can't get into, and probably never  will are..Hook, Snake, and Legs...all others fall into the in between  category. Anyways....PJ is definately a equal to the likes of Tori or  Bjork, and any of their fans who haven't checked PJ out...definately  should.  She is definately on the same wave length as those two.  People  who are looking for an easier listen should check out Dry or To Bring You  My Love.
B000005H7D|5.0|this is one of John Coltrane's most essential recordings ever.from start  to finish the music just shifts so many styles&amp;textures without missing  a beat.His Genius to convey so much Feeling is Jaw-droping.he was a one of  a kind Musician.what A Legacy.
630575067X|5.0|This is one of Lucases best films. He has used a lot of special affects to make this one of his best movies.<br />Ratings 1. Return of the Jedi 2.Phantom Menace 3.The Empire Stricks Back 4.A New Hope
B000002I77|5.0|While Billy Cobham remains one of the Greatest drummers ever his Music  hasn't been the same since his 70's Funk Fusion, but this set remains tight  after all of these years.he was in a solid Groove here.
B00004RD54|5.0|In a career, with a lot of ups and downs, This is Definitely up.  Turn it on , put it in, and let it rip.  One of those albums that you have to play loud!  Nuf said.
B000002NIW|3.0|This is a good CD, but if yor're looking for true Deftones, get Adrenaline.  This is a good buy, don't get me wrong, I just happen to enjoy their 1st CD a lot more.  Highlights include &quot;My Own Summer (Shove  It),&quot; Lhabia,&quot; Lotion,&quot; and &quot;Headup (with Max Cavalera  from Soulfly! )  MX is not a bad song either.  The bonus track is  passable.
B00003CX5A|5.0|THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST FILMS OF 1999. BESIDES STIGMATA WHICH WAS REALLY GREAT TOO. GOOD STORYLINE GOOD FX AND GOOD ACTING. PRETTY SCARY IN SOME PARTS. BEHEADING SCENES WERE TIGHT. HEADLESS HORSEMAN WAS TIGHT. HE'S SO  COOL. GO SEE THIS AT THEATRES BEFORE IT COMESOUT ON VIDEO WORTH SEEING MORE  THAN A BUNCH A TIMES. GREAT MOVIE. YOU WILL LOVE IT TRUST ME.
B000002N2Z|4.0|This is the superior of the 2 Deftones Cd's.  It is some severe agro/alt/blah/blah/blah-it defies classifaction.  The guitar is screamin' and Chino's voice goes from a pretty melody to a creepy whisper, to a  primal, raging scream, all in the same song.  Tunes to listen for:  &quot;Bored,&quot;&quot;Nosebleed,&quot; &quot;7 Words, &quot;Engine  #9&quot; But all the songs are pretty wicked.
0679746048|4.0|Kayson's novel was a harsh breath of reality to what it is like inside a mental institution. It was a short account of her self-admitted stay in a mental hopsital in 1967. The book was just what the cover said, a personal  account, and not a short and sweet story like so many people expected. Her  anecdotes were precise and to the point, often darkly funny. I haven't seen  the movie, and don't plan to because this is not the type of work that can  be portrayed on screen. The movie simply can't give it the justice that it  so much deserves.
B000023VR6|4.0|I THINK THIS TRACK HAS GOOD SOUND FOR THE TYPE OF MUSIC BEING PERFORMED.  DRE BRINGS RAP TO A WHOLE NEW LEVEL WHEN PAIRED UP WITH FELLOW RAPPER EMINEM.  IN &quot;FOROT ABOUT DRE&quot; DRE AND EMINEM'S WORK TOGETHER  PRODUCES A TRACK THAT IS SURE TO BE A BIG SELLER.  I GIVE IT ONLY 4 STARS  BECAUSE THE EXPLICIT LYRICS USED DO SOMEWHAT TAKE AWAY FROM THE FUN OF THE  ALBUM.  OTHER THAN THAT, DRE HAS YET AGAIN PRODUCED A HIT ALBUM.
B00004LN16|4.0|The thunder from Down Under has returned, and this time they brought the big guns (sorry, no AC/DC pun intended).  What makes this album is not, as many reviews and editorials would like us to believe, the return to a more  original line up, but rather the return of older brother George, of the  famed Young clan.  George Young's dedication to rhythm, syncopation and  tone lead the band away from the usual blistering rock anthem to the birth  of one the band's finer, more articulate albums in the history of AC/DC.   In listening to &quot;Stiff Upper Lip,&quot; I felt that this album was  more of a tribute to not only themselves as a band but also to their  influences.  Following their 1995 (in my humble opinion) failure  &quot;Ballbreaker,&quot; the boys got back to what counts--the music.  And  although the lyrics of this album are consistently AC/DC (songs about  drinking, women, rock n roll or some combination thereof), the guitar work  is some of the band's more inspiring yet down-to-basics, gritty rhythm and  blues rock that we, as consumers, have at our disposal.  In listening to  &quot;Stiff Upper Lip\\", I became aware that each track could very well be  found on another album, sort of a tribute to their own progression.  For  example: the title track could easily be from \\"For Those About to Rock-We  Salute You,\\"  \\"Meltdown\\" has the making of a \\"Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap\\"  song, \\"House of Jazz;\\" \\"Flick of the Switch,\\" \\"Hold Me Back\\" off of \\"Fly On  the Wall,\\" and so on and so forth.  These references are of course  suggestions and the rest of the world's die-hard AC/DC fans might disagree  with these correlations, but you should get the point.  This is the first  AC/DC album worth owning since \\"The Razor's Edge\\" and if you're low on  funds sell your copy of \\"Ballbreaker.\\"  \\"Stiff Upper Lip\\" is worthy of its  place in any rock anthology.  It may not be your favorite now, but in a few  years' time when you're looking for something else to listen to other thanRicky Martin and the Backdoor Boys this album will be what you reach for.
B000001EQT|5.0|T.REX - The Slider: What can one say about the works of Marc Bolan and T.Rex on the 1972 release 'The Slider'? The words poetic masterpiece come to mind. The Slider is without doubt some of Marc Bolan's greatest work  ever. The follow up album to 'Electric Warrior' and the smashing jam of   'Bang a Gong', Bolan and T.Rex slid straight to the top of their musical  career's with The Slider. Bolan's voice never waivers from the honesty and  conviction that he always sings with. From the beggining to the end, the  entire album is golden.  From the opener of 'Metal Guru' Bolan is  constantly reminding us that he NEVER bought into the glitz of glam rock  although the public may have placed that label upon him. The title track of  the album showcases the slow crunch of his guitar works along with his  uncanny ability to let his honesty and personality be a part of his music.  'Telegram Sam', 'Baby Boomerang' and the bluesy sounds of 'Thunderwing'  guarantee that  'The Slider' will keep the groove grooving and the hips  moving. Special metion to producer Tony Visconti who was a major player in  the musical direction of this album as well as other T.Rex  works. The  Slider is tops. &quot;There are several million things that remind me of my  younger years.  Lots of cool, vivid memories.  Only a very few take me back  so close that I can smell the odors of my youth.  Marc Bolan is one of  those memories.  I love him so very much.&quot;<br />Drake B. Pearson...  March-2000
B000002C1V|5.0|I am not a hardcore Pink Floyd fan, but I am a big fan of music.  At last count I own over 460 CD's (probably twice as much vinyl) yet the one album that towers above them all is The Final Cut.  This is my favourite album of  all time.<br />It is the most beautiful, haunting, sad, frightening and  frightened album I have ever heard.  The subject mater is treated with care  and respect.  The overall picture is one that demonstrates the true  brutality of war and the scars it leaves.  Astonishing.<br />For a similar  experience buy Midnight Oils 'Red Sails in the Sunset' and listen to the  track 'Shipyards of New Zealand'.
B000002UW1|5.0|What made Document different from all the preceding R.E.M. albums?  Well, first of all, you could understand the lyrics.  No more trying to decipher Michael Stipe's vocals as he flung his imagery out there in a  stream-of-consciousness manner (with, of course, the obvious exception of  &quot;It's The End of the World...&quot;)<br />Second, it actually spawned a  hit single.  Ironically (or maybe not so ironically), &quot;The One I  Love&quot; is the song with the simplest message and the lyrics to go along  with it.  Since it's just a repeated verse, there is no great stretch to  find the meaning behind it.  I guess that meant it was okay for mass  consumption, but I think it also meant that R.E.M. weren't tentative about  jumping into the public eye beyond college radio.<br />Last of all, it's their  last album on I.R.S. records before they jumped to the major labels with  Green.  It may not seem like much of a point in terms of what makes an  album good, but if you listen to Document and Green back-to-back you get a  definite sense that something has changed, whether it be subject matter,  production values, or whatnot.<br />I may be in the minority in that Green and  Document are my favorite R.E.M. albums, but I think the songs, particulary  on Document, convey a great blend of affairs both political and of the  heart.  &quot;Exhuming McCarthy&quot; and &quot;Disturbance at the Heron  House&quot; in particular catch you with their music and force you to pay  attention to what they are saying.  It's unusual to be able to trace a  band's progression as artists so clearly as one can with R.E.M. albums.   Whereas Green was the diving board that they used to plunge into the  mainstream and Out of Time was the vessel that took them there permanently,  Document was the ladder taking them up to make their leap.
B000000OSE|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I have and I highly recommend it to you. Even if you're not a big fan of GNR (I wasn't until I bought this CD), you'll love this CD as long as you're not obsessed with Vengaboys or something  like that. Anyway, this is a must have for GNR fans =)
B00003652R|5.0|This disc is quite simply one of the best prog rock albums ever. Marillion is a great band and this is their best album.  Nobody does it quite like Fish, and he stands out on this concept album. The emotions just build and  build until the final climatic ending which will send chills.  Fans of  Genesis, Floyd, Yes will love this masterpiece from the kings of neo-prog.
B000002L82|5.0|This album sits inbetween the darker more reflective indie sound of Joy Division and the somewhat lighter dance sound of New Order, but in no way sounds like it is not sure where it stands. It is a confident sound from a  group shaking off past ghosts and embracing a new direction. The standout  track is Your Silent Face with it's lush orchestral synth arrangements and  Bernard Sumner's deadpan vocal delivery. This track alone is worth the  admission price. Despite their brilliance, I believe that the inclusion of  Blue Monday and The Beach (ommitted from the original release) may detract  the listener from the rest of the album. If you are buying this for these 2  tracks, do yourself a favour and program your cd player to run through  without them, you will find that what you're left with is a stunning album.
6304913176|5.0|Sure the plot is not the best and the acting is not as good as in other films, but I think this is one of the best action movies ever made.  First off, the special effects are amazing, the music is very good, which is why  the sountrack is twenty bucks, and the bugs are awesome.  This is the  gorriest movie I've ever seen, probably because I haven't seen Private Ryan  yet.  This movie is really good none the less.  If you are afraid of seeing  humans brains or eye balls or guts or loose apendages, don't see this  movie.  If not, see it.  It doesn't follow the novel very well, if at all.   All the movie is about is teenagers fresh out of high school in the future,  going into war with a race of 9-foot-tall P.O.ed ants because they nuked  Buenos Aires.  It's a great movie, and you should see it if you like those  sorts of things;  you know, death, fire, action, violence, (sex), and  blood.
B00003CWOL|4.0|Hey, I am a Kevin Smith fan, just like many others, but this film really lacked the acting that it needed to pull of the brilliant story and script.  People have lauded Jay and Silent Bob for this film, but they kinda ruined  it. In the other 3 Jersey movies, J+SB play support roles.  In this  go-round, they are given lead parts, but they can't really pull it off. SB  way overacted (trying to make up for the lack of speech?) and when the  token line finally came...it sank. Maybe he spoke enough in Chasing Amy to  quench us all... Chris Rock also needs to understand that with a script as  fine as he was given, not every line needs to be a punch line, and a  modicum of action may be required to fill the part. Good story...not really  well executed though.  I buy it anyway.
B000021Y77|5.0|Whoa! This movie literally took my breath away. Its fast paced the whole time never letting up.  The editing is brilliant and the cinematography is amazing. Forget the VHS get the DVD its cheaper and has extra scenes and  interviews. The plot is like nothing ive ever seen before. Buy this and you  won't regret it.
B00000JCB2|1.0|I dont know how any person that truly appreciates music could fall for a band like limp bizkit.  This has to be the most obvious sell out of any band that I have ever seen.  A band that has been tailored to the current  trend of today's MTV generation.<br />Anyone that bought 3 dollar bill y'all  and got sick of 'faith' (a *cover* tune that they owe their success to),  started to see the true colors of limp bizkit.  Ultimately lazy song  writing, horribly gross immaturity and they lacked even a shred of feeling  or uniqueness.  It was one of those albums that came along and rode the  wave of popularity that was surging through at the time.  Truly  pitiful.<br />For those of you that like to repeat brain dead mantras such as  'nookie', limp bizkit is perfect for you.  Hey, to each his own is what I  say.<br />I see this new resurgence in what is being called 'nu metal' as the  same as this reawakening of boy bands and pop sensations.  Its music for  those that want to be able to hum mindlessly along with, be able to  identify with peers in a certain clique, and look like a big bad boy all at  the same time (in the case of 'nu metal').  As a metal fan since I could  walk, this really hits home.  Music is much deeper than a vehicle for  trendiness.  Sadly, most people dont realize this.<br />Shame on you limp  bizkit.  You have lended a helping hand to all the bands that are turning  what is one of the oldest expressions of art into a machine that grinds out  mindless meatheads and makes corporate billions, while leaving true  musicians behind to pick up scraps.<br />If it takes a band millions of  dollars to gain popularity through production, advertisement, videos and  merchandise, do they really deserve popularity?  What happened to bands  paying their dues and having to actually portray talent and originality for  popularity?  Seems everyone is doing it for the nookie these days.
0780020685|5.0|Akiro Kurosawa revolutionalized not only the whole western genre, but the entire motion picture industry when he released this film in 1954.  And just so you'll know, this is not a movie.  DIEHARD is a movie.  ARMAGEDDON  is a movie.  SEVEN SAMURAI is a film, when the definition of a film meant a  piece of art captured on the spinning reels of a camera, intended to evoke  style, story, and meaning through a visual arena. There is absolutely  nothing I nor anyone can say that would describe the importance of this  film, and I believe it to be one of the top three films of all time, maybe  even number one.  The good points are just too many too count.  Moral  complexity, sacrifice, rage, and honor all combined into a perfect piece of   beautifully orchestrated action and drama.  Toshiro Mifune is a standout  as a wisecracking, often childish, but masterful swordsman.  But he is only  one of many superb performers in this, perhaps the greatest action/drama  ever to grace the silver screen.  If you ever have the opportunity to see  the fully uncut version and decide against it...there is something wrong  with you.  One of my all time favorite movies.
B00001OH1S|5.0|This is the best soundtrack ever. I've seen the movie about 30 times and  the music is always stuck in my head, so it's great to get to listen to it  all over again. The latin beats are the best!!
6304119046|5.0|What is there left to be said of the Greatest film ever made.?<br />Its all been said before..Gregg Tolland, Bernard Herrman, Mankiewicz, Robert Wise et all.. combine with Welles to make THE movie experience .<br />This film was  made for $ 750,000  ..the cost of one explosion in the films hollywood puts  out today. Think about that! <br />If that doesnt not haunt you for your days  you might reflect on some of the dialogue..a while to ponder their  meanings...<br />&quot; Charlie. Kane...huh...he loved himself all right...I  suppose his mother....too..he just wanted to convince you that you should  love him...&quot;<br />&quot; I will arrange for the  investigation...indictment and conviction of Boss Jim  Gettys.&quot;<br />&quot; No....I dont think one word can describe a mans  life&quot;<br />A Towering Film..that somehow seems to be eternal..
B000000W6F|5.0|The great thing about this album is it's just the least pretensious of the Pumpkins' albums.  Before Siamese Dream (the Psychedelic Masterpiece), this album could be played among the bohemian coffeehouse crowds as a rock  sampler amidst Tom Waits albums and the like.  The best moods Smashing  Pumpkins ever created were on this album, and when I hear it I'm saddened  by how the band went way over the top (only further appreciating the value  of the Pixies).  So buy it if you want great guitar compositions without  any munchkin drama.  I heard Billy apologized for this album...if so,  that's crazy talk.
B00004LN16|4.0|After years of suffering through posers and wanna-bes, there is finally  hope for real rock fans.  This is not their best, but after years of  deprivation, it sounds pretty good.  &quot;Damned&quot; and &quot;Satellite  Blues&quot; are the high points.
0671042858|4.0|I found this novel to be a solid thrill ride.  Although some may say that Mr. King could've have done away with some of Trisha's happenings in the woods and the novel could've been shortened to a short story, I believe  that it is Mr. King's intention to pace the story in such a way that we  experience what Trisha experienced - a long, tumultuous journey in the  woods.  This helped me appreciate the plight that she went through as well  as accepting Trisha not only as a little girl lost in the woods, but rather  a young heroine whose mix of innocence and ingenuity urge the reader to  delve into the woods alongside of her.<br />In short, this book is a fast read  that stirs enough excitement and curiosity within you to keep the pages  turning.  The only problem I see here is that it may be hard to follow or  fully appreciate the novel if you are not familiar with the game of  baseball since Trisha's hero that &quot;guides&quot; her through the woods  is a baseball player. Enjoy!
0767817478|3.0|Ok people.  This movie doesn't deserved to be trashed as much as it has been.  The movie was actually pretty poorly done, but there were good points.  Think what you will, but the monster design was much better than  the old one (Which, from me, is a massive compliment).  The movie didn't  really fall apart in my eyes until the movie lost focus on Godzilla and we  got a bunch of BS about the creature rapidly reproducing.  This is where  the movie just got horrible.  Another problem is Godzilla's shifting size.   Still, with the new design, a more stable size, the elmination of the baby  factor, and the return of Godzilla's radioactive plasma breath (It's NOT  fire), a sequel could easily blow the japanese movies away.  Still, if  you're a big Godzilla fan, I'd suggest Marc Cerasini's series of novels.   They present Godzilla as a far more powerful and unstoppable force than any  movie ever has.  Maybe they should make a movie based on those novels....
6305750750|5.0|The film deffinately exceeded my expectations.  And though, yes, it did have some overblown CGI, the actors did a fantastic job working with it.<br />It probably wasn't *QUITE* as  outstanding as the others but it sure came awfully close.  The movie was a  deffinate better-than-average film.  My theory is; the movie was a bit  dissapointing to some because it came after the other Star Wars movies.   But imagine it coming out of nowhere without a reputation.  It would blow  everybody's mind!  (It was also amazing that it could have so much intense  action and exhileration and still keep a PG rating! ) I am a bit  dissapointed, however, that Lucasfilm is so stubborn about not releasing  the series on DVD as God intended them to be seen (next to the theaters, of  course).
B000002L9M|4.0|I origionally listened to this album on Vinyl, and was happy to see they kept most of the interlude sound effects between some songs... and what songs they are.  The first track, Black Celebration didn't mean much to me  at first, untill i really listened to it.  I now anticipate every change in  tempo, every lyric sung, and every moody note off that keyboard.  The remix  of Fly on The Windscreen is alright, but I am somewhat biased in the review  of that song because I still love the origional.  A Question of Lust is  just amazing.  I love the melody and the lyrics seem to hit me everytime I  listen to it.  I actually like A Queston of Time, although this CD has the  &quot;Album Version&quot; which is still good, but I really like the  &quot;Single Version&quot; (found on The Singles compilation) better, I  guess because its a bit faster and louder.  Stripped is of course, one of  the bigger songs off this album that many people know, and the opening line  of &quot;Come with me, into the trees...&quot; always makes me listen to  the rest of the song.  Here is the House was origionally a track I skipped  over to get through the CD, but after listening to it one day, I was  captivated.  The intro is still somewhat plain to me, but the lead synth  melody is so captivating and addictive, it has become a favourite.  I know  many people don't like &quot;Dressed in Black&quot;, but I do enjoy the  opening and some of the melody.  How can you refuse to listen to that song  when your in one of 'those moods'?  Although the song, But not Tonight was  off the &quot;Modern Girls&quot; soundtrack, I always like to listen to it  after hearing the whole album.  Its upbeat, fun, cute, somewhat cheesy, but  like almost all DM songs, it has a synth lead that is addictive that I can  never get out of my head.  All in all, Black Celebration is one of my  favourite albums.
0517548232|5.0|ECONOMICS IN ONE LESSON may be the best short introduction to economic thought. Henry Hazlitt begins with an example discussed by Frederic Bastiat - the 'broken window fallacy' - from Bastiat's essay 'On What Is Seen And  What Is Not Seen'. Bastiat's point, and Hazlitt's, is that much common  thinking focuses on visible, short-term results and ignores invisible,  longer-term consequences - because the latter often consist of things that  did *not* happen.<br />Hazlitt explains this insight and applies it  brilliantly to many specific economic issues (inflation, unemployment,  price controls, international trade, and others). By the time the reader  has completed this book, he or she will be 'thinking like an  economist'.<br />Despite the remarks of a previous reviewer, I do not think  Hazlitt is 'sarcastic' in this book or has very much in common with  novelist Ayn Rand. Miss Rand owed quite a lot to Hazlitt's work, and  especially to this volume (which she highly recommended despite some  disagreements on particular 'philosophical' points). However, there was no  debt whatsoever in the opposite direction.
0448060191|5.0|Meg Jo Beth and Amy could be alive today They are the kind of people you care what happens to them and though some of the values are old fashioned the girls were probably modern for their day
B00002E233|4.0|Deep Blue Sea is a sound movie and has some really well thought out shark scenes, especially the scene where the shark propels one of the scientists body into the window of the lab, this is my favorite scene in the movie.   Some of the C.G left a lot to be desired especially when Samuel L bites the  dust.  I liked the commentary on the DVD as Samuel L is really funny in it.   As I`m a bit of a gore lover I loved some of the scenes when peoples arms  and bodies were being torn to shreds.  The movie was a good watch and well  worth buying the DVD.
B000007S5B|4.0|Although The Doors' first two albums were their best...this is a close  second. Jims' brooding voice and lyrics on this album really forshadowed  his death. I suggest a close listen to &quot; Yes, The River Knows&quot;
B00003W8NM|5.0|Yep, you read right. I just called this movie cerebral. The deadpan comments on our society are spot-on, hilarious, and a bit unnerving. I won't necessarily use the word 'satire' but it's definitely high quality.  As for those who hate excess violence, don't worry, despite the name that  isn't what Fight Club is about. I don't know why people make references to  Natural Born Killers, which was more pointlessly violent and had nowhere  near the enriched plot that this movie has. Don't forget the twist at the  end, which makes the Sixth Sense look ridiculous by comparison.
B000007S5B|4.0|Although The Doors' first two albums were their best...this is a close  second. Jims' brooding voice and lyrics on this album really forshadowed  his death. I suggest a close listen to &quot; Yes, The River Knows&quot;
B000002IWQ|5.0|This is great! Compared to the previous few albums this is really raw, honest and compulsive stuff - this is the album where Rush really find their Heart again - one of the themes of the album is balance  (counterparts) and that is what Rush achieved here combining the best of  all their previous output - I passed this over for quite some time after  the dissapointing &quot;Presto&quot; and &quot;Roll the Bones&quot; - if  you felt the same way, do yourself a favour and pick up  &quot;Counterparts&quot; and then &quot;Test for Echo&quot;
B000007S5B|4.0|Although The Doors' first two albums were their best...this is a close  second. Jims' brooding voice and lyrics on this album really forshadowed  his death. I suggest a close listen to &quot; Yes, The River Knows&quot;
B00003CWPR|5.0|Good movie for people with brains......for those withouth: watch something like Runaway Bride.... the soundtruck is outstanding
B000007S5B|4.0|Although The Doors' first two albums were their best...this is a close  second. Jims' brooding voice and lyrics on this album really forshadowed  his death. I suggest a close listen to &quot; Yes, The River Knows&quot;
6305095566|5.0|This is a great movie..and a most original one too.  Bruce Campbell is a perfect choice for Ash.  Followed up by two great sequeals.<br />Love that scene in the woods with the vines! :-)
6304286961|2.0|Oliver Stone, a great director in general, really slacks off in this one! I understand Kilmer as a choice for Morrison but, Meg Ryan as Pam...only in a dream world.All the dates and many facts were either wrong or excluded.  Stone even turned to making things up to fill time and help move the story  along. All in all a very good story but, not nearly an accurate depiction  of Jims' rise and fall
6303426468|5.0|This is a great movie..I don't understand why people don't like it.  The sheer concept of it is hilarioius and add to the mixture all the cast and you get one hysterical roller coaster ride.<br />This is heartwarming as it is  funny with a few spots to make you cry.  I highly recommend this for family  viewing..it'll confuse the heck outta the kids :-)
0312199066|4.0|Michael Collins' &quot;Carrying the Fire&quot; is still thebest astronaut book I've read. However, I did enjoy this. The goodpoints are: 1. Much of the material is new. For example, His coverage of his Gemini mission is particularly interesting. 2. He is candid. Issues such as crew selection and skill are discussed openly. 3. Overall, the story moves quickly. The bad points: 1. Oddly, the section on his moon flight is among the shortest.  2. I think his ego gets in the way sometimes. 3. He spends time talking about celebrity friends and parties etc, which I had no interest in. 4. They needed a proof-reader. There are many grammar errors. I was annoyed by his overuse, mixing, and repetition of hyperboles and metaphors.
6305076626|5.0|This is without a doubt my all time favorite movie.  Its too bad Curry wants to get away from it, it do him some good!  Anyway...I don't get why people find this a sick movie, its just satyre with much more cultural and  religious underlying themes.<br />Dammit Janet, go buy this movie!   You  can't miss it.  Get together with your friends and come up to the lab and  see what's on the slab.
6305622930|5.0|Most people have seen at least some parts of this movie.  Maybe on TV or VHS. I'm a believer in widescreen, big TV, etc. to bring the true movie to light.  This is no exception.  If you like war movies, you'll like it.  If  you like to see the inner workings of a complicated mind, you'll like it.   If you are a Bobby Knight fan, you'll like it.  This is old school, blood  &amp; guts.
1558807381|5.0|This is another one of my favorite movies.  I must say, Tim Curry steals every scene he's in, he's just too good at playing villians.<br />This movie is perfect for fantasy fans...and the sound track is wonderful, a perfect  companion to the movie.<br />A must have for lovers of mythology, fantasy,  unicorns, faeries, and the like.
6305622957|5.0|I had seen this movie years ago on television and thought it was pretty good.  The DVD with the widescreen action, however, is simply awesome.  I was amazed by the action scenes, it looked as if people really were in  mortal danger.  This is simply one of the best war pictures ever.
6302968143|5.0|I love this movie cause its cheesy fun!  This is a movie that takes itself too seriously and does a good job.  I'm an eclectic witch and even I get a kick and a good laugh outta this movie.  Fun for kids and adults.
6305308659|5.0|Along with Pleasentville being the most under rated movie since Citizen Kane, Pleasentville shall also live on as a testament to film makers who are not in touch with their marketing. This film was marketed as a kids  film, with a typical, boring oversexed teenager run rampant in an innocent  setting filled with leave it to beaver stereotypes. People who went to see  this film with this in mind were sorely dissapointed, because Pleasentville  is not a brain dead miasma to watch while anticipating an evening of video  games and beer. This film portrays all the grandeur of Hiedi Liefkowitz's  brilliant  documentary style hero worship, the innovation of Orson Well's  thought provoking camera angles and sharp chiarascuro treatment of black  and white, and a truly Orwellian Story. This is the best film I have seen  in years, and is an intellectual treat for those who are dissapointed with  today's mundane landscape of knee jerk, thoughtless wastes of film. There  are points in this movie subtly remeniscent of Patton (when the dawning  tyrant mayor makes a grandious speech against the backdrop of a bowling  alley illuminated scoresheet), and a Capraesque Mr. Smith goes to  Washington (during the finale in the court house). This is what the medium  of Black and white was meant to convey in every sense. Treat yourself,  ignore all the marketing mush you have absorbed about this film. Leave your  mind open and just WATCH this film, let it spellbind you! You'll be a  better person for it. If you buy the DVD version, watch the film, then  watch the bonus trailer, and you will understand what a travesty the  marketing campaign was for this film.
B000001FA4|5.0|By far U2's most underrated album, &quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot;  offers 3 tracks that made it on U2's &quot;Best of&quot; album:  &quot;Bad,&quot; &quot;Pride,&quot; and &quot;The Unforgettable Fire.&quot;   Bono's voice is clearly at his best in this album.  Pay close attention to  &quot;A Sort of Homecoming.&quot;  Can there be a another U2 song with more  emotion?  I doubt it . . . Of course, the 3 most popular tracks are  brilliantly crafted.  You can hear each of the band members playing--that  is a feat in itself.  Even the short tracks, like &quot;Promenade&quot; for  instance, sweep you off your feet.  Anyone who claims to like U2 must rank  this album only behind Joshua Tree and Achtung Baby.  This album made me a  fan for life!
6305750750|5.0|If you are looking for a movie filled with drugs, violence, sex, foul language or the break down of the american family then you need to keep looking, but if a movie where the clash good &amp; evil is an every day  occurance and the fate of the galaxy hangs in the balance as one young boy  learns of his true potential then this video is for you.<br />Lucas has  outdone himself with just the right mixture of action, intrigue, special  effects, music, and character development as well as setting the stage for  the events to come.  I found myself looking for every possible plot twist  or hidden meaning that was expounded upon or left us hanging (Was Darth  Vader really Luke's father?).<br />Though critics may scoff and belittle this  movie, I for one feel it was worth the wait.  No I didn't stand in line 3  weeks, but did catch it the first day it opened nationally.  Most of us  realize movies are simply a form of entertainment that allow us a moment of  reprieve from our otherwise hectic lives.  I admit Jar Jar may not be my  farvorite, but my young son perks right up everytime he's on.  To each his  own.
0553277472|2.0|Perhaps this book is so popular because of the timing of when it was published and since then it has run on its own momentum.  In any case, to the curious reader, be prepared for an unoriginal, mostly dry, dull book.  If one wants and intro to Philosophy, one would do better to read Durant's  &quot;The Story of Philosophy&quot;, Russell's &quot;History of Western  Philosophy&quot;, or nearly any intro to philosophy written by someone  qualified to speak on the subject.  The attribute lacking in the author of  &quot;Zen&quot; is humility.  He seems to think that any pedestrian insight  he has is original with him.  He does not seem to be aware of even the  basics of western philisophical thought.  Although he apparently has had  much classroom instruction on the matter, maybe he doesn't listen well, or  he can't give credit to others for having ideas also.<br />On the positive  side he has a few good analogies, but these are few and far between.  If  the point of the book is that &quot;quality&quot; is a mysterious word  because its difficult to define, that's true of many words, try to define  &quot;the&quot; or &quot;of&quot;.  Is his point we should not always chose  quantity over quality?  Oh ,please!  That is hardly an original idea.  The  author and his fans seem to believe that any idea that crosses his mind is  worthy of worldwide attention.  A dialogue on philosophy has been going on  for hundreds of years, and many very bright people have contributed their  thoughts.  It is very naive and arrogant to imagine that one's own thoughts  would revolutionize the subject (although that is what every barroom  know-it-all believes).  Professing one's adoration for this book only gives  away one's ignorance.
B000001GQJ|2.0|Yes, there is brilliance, perfection, precision, impetuosity, in short everything in these performances that any \\"music lover\\" keen on floating amidst waves of \\"luscious, gorgeous romantic music\\", or any \\"piano  connoisseur\\" might cherish. What is missing, though, are the distinct,  individual voices of each composer. For there is only one and the same  voice indeed in all these performances: the wearisome voice of  self-complacent virtuosity whose end is in itself rather than in seeking  and conveying the individual spirit of each composer. Some reviewer  remarked of her Chopin preludes, \\"This is Argerich, not Chopin\\". But also,  these are not Ravel, Liszt, Brahms or Prokofiev; they are all Argerich.  Only hear Moravec, Francois, Arrau, Biret and Richter respectively, playing  these composers. You will say, \\"this is it!\\" because they are serving their  composers rather than their own image as a pianist. The reviewer above  said, \\"Chopin cannot be played like Rachmaninov\\". But who else can?  Her  playing of Liszt sonata is considered as the greatest since Horowitz's by  some reviewer here. For me, even the playing of such a pianist I'm not  exactly crazy about, Alfred Brendel, is much more truthful and profound  than hers, bringing forward the more future-looking, original aspects of  Liszt that we hear in his late piano pieces. As for Horowitz, well, he is a  traveler along the same road as Argerich. A Horowitz disc I had the  mischance to purchase bore the title \\"Horowitz, the poet of the piano\\", and  contained a performance of Kinderszenen which summarized all I try to say  here. Only could he/Argerich let Schumann (or others, for that matter) be  THE poet!
0805054375|5.0|Killer book, filled with incredible moments of insight that spit in the face of corporate America and everything capitalism stands for.  The book is pitch-black comedy, and there are a load of cold-blooded laughs that'll  get you an extra laugh seeing the appalled look on the face of some  gold-American Christian when you have them read it.  I saw the movie first  (which is better, you ask?  I don't know.  I don't think books and film  should be compared to eachother), but I didn't have a very hard time  getting the images of the actors out of my head.  They look different in  the book (and for and odd experience you can imagine yourself as the  narrator, it's kind of neat, especially wondering what you'd be thinking at  the twist).  The ending is different too, so seeing the movie first doesn't  ruin much.  A lot of research seemed to have went into this book as there  are recipes for bombs and various illegal tricks drawn out in the book (or  maybe Palahniuk is a complete maniac).  The book moves swift, and you can  read it in one sitting if you're determined.  A very entertaining read.   I've read all three of Palahniuk's books, and this is easily the best one.   After Invisible Monsters, it seems like Palahniuk is just retreading the  same ideas and style of prose with new characters and story.  He doesn't  seem to be advancing, but I still wonder how he'll be looked upon in  literary history after he's dead.  Too soon to say, though I am sure of one  thing:  Fight Club will be a classic.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is one of the best Albums I have heard in a long time.  A lot of work went into the lyrics and melodies.  I can't wait for the next album.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|What can I say? I thought the first album was good enough but this one's even better. They've again succeeded - great lyrics too
078401213X|4.0|This is mainly because it is not a likable film. It is not one you watch over and over again, and comment on the great enjoyment that comes with it. It is cold, cruel and fairly confronting.<br />That isn't to say, however,  that it is not worthwhile and interesting, which it is. I have never seen  anything quite like it, and doubt I will, although it may inspire would-be  film makers with it's success, and the success of other low budget films  like it.<br />I thought it had a great plot, and was a big fan of the cut in  mathematical symbols and writing. The sound track was also excellent and  thrilling, and the contrast of black and white also proved a success. I  thought the ending was moderately disturbing, however good in it's  conslusiveness.<br />I didn't 'like' or 'enjoy' it, but I think it is a  worthwhile and haunting film to watch, and would recommend it to most.
0451191153|5.0|I won't be long with this one because the book is.  You have got to read this.  It sums up what people are really like in today's society even though it was published in 1943.  Rand's objectivism is well thought out in  this novel and simply saying, there are two types of people those who have  read Ayn Rand and those who haven't.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Okay, I was never a fan of Tim Burton or Johnny Depp. And Christina Ricci? I could only remember her in Addams Family and Casper. Thus, when the preview came for Sleepy Hollow, I thought..mmm...another horror show, and  I'm not a fan of this genre of shows. <br />So why did I see the show? Well, I  happened to come across &quot;The Making of Sleepy Hollow&quot; on TV and  it really came across as being interesting. Consequently, I dragged my  reluctant husband (another non-horror fan) to the cinema, and boy, we were  pleasantly surprised as the show was great. Johnny Depp really fits into  the shoes of Ichabod Crane, being all the more human as he is so funny,  particularly when he cringes over a spider, uses his aide (a boy) as cover  during his encounter with the old crone, as well as fainting more the the  so-called damsel in distress!  The overall mood of the show was dark, but  the this was relieved by the funny bits coming in. I would say the entire  cast including Miranda Richardson and Christopher Lee was good with the  exception of Christina Ricci who looked like a teenage and wooden one at  that. The special effects? Great!<br />The conclusion..once again, a great  show...in fact it was so good that I went to see it a second time (this is  only superseded by Phantom Menace which I saw three times! ), this time  dragging another reluctant friend who also enjoyed the show.
6302648750|5.0|i swear,this is the funniest movie i have ever seen.i dont think any other movie could be funnier than this.Goldie Hawn and Meryl Streep cracked me up! it's just so wacky,it's funny.usually most movies like that,i hate.but  meryl streep and goldie hawn changed all that in this one.i bought it it  was so good and i watch it all the time.i think it should of been rated R  for like 2 or 3 butts and when goldie hawn gets shot,she falls into the  pool and the whole pool fills up with blood.and other funny parts having to  do with sex.but that still made the movie funny.
6305750750|4.0|Okay, there are people who are bashing this movie because of lack of character developement, unresolved plot (maybe that one is just me), annoying characters.  The other camp says &quot;But this is the first of  three, of course there are unresolved issues....&quot;  My personal take is  that this point does not, in any way, mitigate the first group's arguments.   Episode IV was conceived to be the first of three as well but was  constructed to be complete in and of itself.  There were very few  unresolved issues.  Of course with a built in fan base Lucas can take his  time and give us a more cohesive whole.  I predict that it is going to be a  very frustrating time until all of these movies are finally released.   <br />That aside, I found that this movie grew on me and I was able to ignore  jar-jar after the third time through.  Some special effects (i.e. the  battle droids) were a bit articial and failed to sate my blood thirst (I'm  sorry but stormtroopers were much better targets).  The light sabre scenes  were by far the best aspect of this movie.  I think when the trilogy is  complete I'll probably have a better opinion, but for now I think this is a  pretty weak beginning.
006097625X|5.0|This book spells out alot of stuff that those who love comics have thought about but never been able to articulate. Understanding Comics is my favourite book. It lit such a fire in me that I was able to absorb a hair  of McCloud's passion for comics and create one of my own. Thank you Scott.
B000001Y42|1.0|Why did I ever buy this? I don't know, but I know why I kept it. I did not know of return policies. This is not any thing but a bunch of freaks trying to get rich quick, unable to sing, rapping in a high pitched whiny voice,  not melody at all, and absolute torture listening to the last track. It is  nothing more then 17 minutes of rhythmless drumming, guitar fuzz and  scratching on a turn table. The music is all chewed up, the bass guitar  seems to be missing a few strings, and the lead guitarist only knows a few  cords and can't even do a solo. And even though I am not a fan of actual  rap, I have heard songs like Tupac's &quot;Keep Ya' Head Up&quot;,  &quot;Changes&quot;, and &quot;Life Goes On&quot;, and they hold more  melody then all the Limp Bizkit songs rammed together. This is odd since LB  uses real instruments and actual rap uses electronics and song samples.  This one fact proves LB is truly untalented. And with all the negative  comments about &quot;Significant Other&quot;, you can tell that this truly  is a fading fad by some freaks out to make money. Take my word, if you  don't like rap or distortion, leave this on the shelf and get something  else.
0140186425|5.0|As Romeo and Juliet demonstrated that suicide is the greatest expression of love, Of Mice and Men demonstrates that murder is the greatest expression of friendship.   Many have tried to ban both these great works  from libraries and schools for their powerful ironic message.  Read this  masterpiece for yourself.
B00003CWL5|5.0|We see these people that hate each other, and it makes us feel better about our life, makes us strive to do better and overcome these problems these people are having that we might also have. We will look at our lives,  and from now on we won't wanna make the mistakes that Lester did. The point  is,  Lester changed his life: in the process, it made him feel completely  better about himself, he felt new and revitalized, wreckless abandonment  was his.  What he tried to tell us is that, his old life wasn't so bad, he  just never realized how &quot;beautiful&quot; it actually was, he was too  busy complaining and being unhappy about it. So this movie isnt as bad as  most of you naive people say it is,it's not even remotely close, you just  didnt &quot;look closer&quot;.
0553296981|5.0|This is was one of the best books I have ever read!  This book was about a teenage girl who was killed by the Nazis' during the Holocaust.  This book was inspirational and moving.  It told the horrors of living in hiding from  the Gestapo from an inside point of view.  It had a very powerful message.  I think she was very brave.  I don't think that I could live for 2 years in  an attic, never seeing the outside world and not having privicy.  I could  relate to alot of her thoughts and feelings. She got what she wanted most,  to be a writer.  This book was interesting and sad.  I recommend this book  to people who are interested in the Holocaust.
0553284347|5.0|After reading the one-star review by the reader from NY on March 14, 2000, I had to respond.  It seems to me this person is awfully defensive and, I suspect, is guilty of some of the behavior that is described as abusive in  the book...<br />No parent is perfect.  We all know that.  This book is not  about demonizing parents.  It is about learning to recognize incidents in  our lives that adversely affect our behavior and our emotional well-being.   I bought this book because of problems my husband and I were having with  his parents.  Since he was a child, he had been put into a role of  emotional partner to his mother.  When he decided to start doing some  things on his own, she got very upset and started pouring on the guilt.  I  arrived on the scene at about the same time and became a convenient  scapegoat, accused of manipulating him and stealing him away from them.   Unfortunately (before I found this book and other helpful ones) things got  really bad, and now we have virtually no relationship with my in-laws.   It's a very sad situation.  However, my husband and I now recognize the  games for what they are and no longer buy into the idea that it's our fault  for &quot;upsetting&quot; them so much that they just can't be around us.   (If I hadn't experienced it myself, I wouldn't have believed that adults  could behave in such an irrational manner! )  Reading books like this one  and speaking with counselors has provided us with useful insights that will  help us interact with them in a healthy manner, if we ever get the chance  again.  <br />If you're going through this too, you are NOT alone!  Get this  book and read it.  It helps you recognize behaviors that are harmful to  you.  It helps you learn to overcome problems in the past and avoid  inappropriate treatment in the future.  I also recommend the book &quot;The  Adult Child's Guide to What's Normal&quot; by John C. Friel and Linda Friel  for anyone who found this book helpful.  It's not as detailed, but it gives  a lot of information in a very easy-to-read format.  If you're being  manipulated by your parent(s), I recommend &quot;Emotional Blackmail,&quot;  also by Susan Forward.  If you were put into an inappropriate role by your  parents, I strongly suggest &quot;Emotional Incest Syndrome&quot; by  Patricia Love and Jo Robinson.  The title is disturbing but the information  is excellent!
B000005GYI|5.0|I was somewhere between Oklahoma City and Albuquerque watching the sun sink behind the flat horizon when i realized the ever-increasing genius of Milton Nascimentos music.  From his debut album in the late 60's  (&quot;Travessia&quot;) to his latest release (&quot;Crooner&quot;), Milton  has blessed the world with some of the most beautiful melodies and heart  warming vocals the human ear can detect. Clube da Esquina is a prime cut on  Miltons musical smorgasboard.  Throughout the varied epic that is  &quot;Clube da Esquina&quot; Milton will take you from mountain-top singing  to the wind down to intimate, introspective tear provoking vocals that only  he delivers this way. I couldn't recommend anything more than this! Get it!
B00000J7JO|5.0|all the track are off the hook. don't even listen to the album first just  take my advice and go buy it.then listen and see that i was right.
006107327X|5.0|This is a great book for fans of all of the recent versions of Batman the Animated Series (even a little bit of Batman Beyond).  The book is mostly filled with artwork, but it does have some good behind the scenes  information about the show.
B00000J7J4|4.0|santana has some pretty good solo tracks, but the best ones are with other  artists helping him. but santana is very good at what he does.
0786880708|5.0|I am not a meditator, I do not practice yoga, but this book works; reading it helped me work with my daily life stresses .
6300214710|5.0|I CANNOT GET ENOUGH OF THIS MOVIE. I GREW UP WITH MOLLY, ANDREW, JAMES AND JON. THIS MOVIE SHOWS YOU CANNOT HELP HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT SOMEONE REGARDLESS OF THEIR ECONOMIC STATUS. YOU WILL DEFINTELY FALL IN LOVE WITH THIS STORY.  THAT JAMES SPADER PLAYED THE HELL OUT OF HIS PART AS  &quot;STEF THE  JERK&quot;. HE WAS NOT A NICE GUY BUT IT MAKES YOU LIKE HIM BECAUSE HE IS  SO COOL WITH HIS NASTINESS. BUT MOLLY IS THE &quot;BOMB&quot; ALL HER  MOVIES ARE GREAT. YOU NEED TO ADD THIS TO YOUR COLLECTION THIS A WONDERFUL  STORY WITH GREAT MUSIC.
B000002I8D|4.0|&quot;Face Value&quot; remains the freshest, if not quite the best, music Phil Collins has made solo. Bringing his prog-rock and jazz drumming technique along, adding a newly-found gift for balladry and R&amp;B,  Collins blueprints the style that made him a music/film/TV star for the  next 20 years.<br />The Earth, Wind, &amp; Fire horns, poured like catsup over  future Collins sets, are peppered over tracks like &quot;Thunder and  Lightning,&quot; the Count Basie-ish remake of &quot;Behind The Lines&quot;  and the instrumental &quot;Hand In Hand.&quot;  Two elegant, bitter  ballads, &quot;You Know What I Mean&quot; and &quot;If Leaving Me Is  Easy&quot; (later covered by the Isley Brothers), establish an approach to  the style that Collins would later charge on like a platinum  MasterCard.<br />Now a concert highlight, urban legend, and commercial jingle,  &quot;In The Air Tonight&quot; is to Collins what &quot;My Way&quot; was to  Sinatra or &quot;Thanks For The Memories&quot; to Bob Hope: a summary of  public image rather than a musical statement. Heard again atop the stark,  spare songs here, it regains context and power even as you air drum along.  The more appropriate song that provides a signpost for Collins' career is  the last, a tumbling, trippy remake of the Beatles' &quot;Tomorrow Never  Knows,&quot; closed at the fade with a verse of &quot;Over The  Rainbow.&quot; A prog-rock standard crossed with schmaltzy movie music --  now THAT's Phil Collins at face value. Recommended.
B00003CWN3|5.0|&quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; was one of the most emotionally gripping films of this past year.  Hillary Swank has already won the Golden Globe and every other major film critics award for Best Actress (i.e. New York, L.A.  and Chicago Film Critics, etc.) and she certainly deserves all the  recognition she's receiving.  Her performance as the doomed Brandon Teena  is riveting.  Combining a sweet akwardness and shy vunerability is what  makes Swank's performance so compelling.  She is definitely my favourite to  win on Oscar night.  And if she does win l would just like to say to all  those skeptics out there who doubted her talent, &quot;I told you so.&quot;  Equally compelling is her co-star, Chloe Sevigny, who portrays Brandon  Teena's girlfriend.  The two have some amazing scenes together which  display the raw talent of each of their award-winning performances.  Even  though this is a small, independent film, l believe it needs to be seen by  a larger audience.  Go see the film if you haven't already.  Be warned that  the film does take a dark, violent turn near the end but l guarantee you  you will most definitely be left feeling the powerful impact of this  true-life story.
B000000H6D|5.0|Since I am sensitive anyway I really took to Christian Woman and Black  No.I.I have played these songs many times and found myself crying at the  emotion displayed.This music is timeless and an important part to me.It's  like a painting with music for the colors.
0967851408|5.0|The relationship between our Supreme Spirit, our Soul and our Body is one which we can control with the power our own free Will. The message in the Master Key System comes on the foundation of thousands of  generations of  deep thinkers of old - indeed a long succession of observers - whose  earnest thought on the Originating Spirit, coupled with a reverent worship  of It, opened the door, through their intuitive faculty to the most sublime  inspirations regarding supreme truths of the universe both with respect to  the evolution of the cosmos and to the evolution of the individual. As you  will see they were always meant to be ours...
0606170979|5.0|I teach 4th grade and discovered this book last year.  The content is inventive and child friendly.  Children relate to the plot and experiences of the characters.  Imagine my surprise when students who disliked reading  started picking it up and reading it over a weekend!   The whole Harry  Potter series has been a wonderful inspiration and motivator. My heart felt  gratitude goes out to Rowlings for inspiring so many of my struggling  readers : )
6305750750|5.0|The first impression of Episode I might be of the level of sheer cinematic excellence, but the true majesty behind the Phantom Menace goes beyond just a pretty face. No, this isn't the Star Wars of twenty years ago, nor should  it be. Episode I elegantly keeps a sequel prequel from being more of just  the same, while laying down the tantalizing hints of what we all know is to  come later. I highly recommend adding this piece to any home movie  collection.
B00003Q438|5.0|The Abyss: Special Edition on DVD is a showcase for home theatre and DVD.  The 5.1 soundtrack is one of the best examples I've heard, if only it were DTS.  The spatialization it creates brings out the best in my home theatre  setup.  From the scenes inside the divesuit hearing only the oxygen tank  centering you inside the suit to the fantastic orchestra score.  The highs  and lows are reproduced perfectly.     The vidio is crystal clear and  brings out the best in Cameron's vision of life deep under the ocean.     2  discs worth of extras, including some not so interesting games for the PC,  it was a nice touch though.   Both versions of the film are here, the  theatrical release and directors cut.  Personaly, they could have left out  the theatrical release.  The directors cut is the way to see this movie,  Cameron had to cut away some inciteful parts of the story to release it, I  suppose due to its length.   The entire movie is presented in storyboard  format here as well, needless to say there are a whole lot of em.  There  are pictures from the sets and the standard actor bios.  The only thing I  miss is the directors audio track that I've come to expect in every DVD.   They have replaced this with a subtitled version that is in itself very  informative and comedic at times, although distracting.     The extremely  high quality audio and vidio warrant the special edition label in my  opinion, the multitude of extras is icing on the cake.  A great DVD.
0380789019|2.0|Gaiman's &quot;Neverwhere&quot; spends most of it's 385 (in paperback) pages trudging the reader through a drab and dreary world of rats and sewage, which would be fine if there was a captivating storyline or  alluring characters.  There isn't.  Richard and his main travelling  companion Door are likeable enough, however this tale is almost completely  devoid of the mystery, majesty, and sublime wonder which suffuses Gaiman's  75-issue Sandman epic.  If I didn't know otherwise I would probably think  this was written by an unpublished hack.  In truth, the two stars is kind;  if I could have given 1 1/2, I would have done so.
B000002UR7|4.0|This is one of the best albums of the '90s.  Although some songs are emotionally painful (&quot;Creep,&quot; especially), and most deal with topics like loneliness and ostracism, the album is laced with hope.<br />Both  &quot;Stop Whispering&quot; and &quot;Prove Yourself&quot; insist that we  are are worthy, even in the face of self-doubt or self-loathing.  One  reviewer here says &quot;Prove Yourself&quot; encourages suicide; it does  not.  Instead, the line &quot;Prove Yourself&quot; is an exhortation to  take control of your life, to make your life worth living.<br />Optimism in  the face of despair.  It's an adept album, both musically and  lyrically.<br />Of course, my S.O. tells me I listen to depressing music...
B0000013GT|5.0|This is Kast's second offering. Their first album,  Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik, was a classic, and this picks up where  that left off, literally &quot;Elevating&quot; them to other-worldly  levels. The title track is designed to get the party crunk, yet still  maintains a smooth feel. 90% of this album is nuthin but stand-out trax,  including Two Dope Boyz (In A Cadillac), Wheelz Of Steel, Jazzy Belle,  Elevators, Mainstream, Decatur Psalm, and 13th Floor/Growing Old. All of  those are beautifully constructed trax, which succeed on all levels. That  being said, the album does have it's low points. Babylon drags slightly  with its lackadaisical beat. Ditto for E.T., which is an odd track in which  chiming noises and heavy breathing comprise the beat. I guess they were  trying to capture that odd &quot;alien&quot; type feeling. Overall,  however, this is a must-have album. With hooks that will have you singing  along subconsciously and beats that will keep your head nodding. Combine  those elements with Big Boi and Andre's stutter-stop flows and lyrical  wordplaying, and you get that signature Outkast sound, which has yet to  produce anything less than classic music.
0684867621|2.0|This book was too long and boring.  I have read other books of Stephen King which are really scary. I found myself anxious to finish it and put it away.
0380002930|5.0|&quot;Watership Down&quot; is such a great book.  It is simply a classic.  I love animals and fiction, so naturally this book appealed to me, but anyone would like it.  Richard Adams is a great and talented author, and  &quot;Watership Down&quot; is a profound and poignant tale of prophecy,  bravery, deception, and truth.  Thanks to Frith for giving us this book! :)
B00002MZ2T|4.0|I've already reviewed this calling it too mushy.  However as I listened to it more and more it grew on me.  Now it's one of my fav's.  I can't get the songs out of my head.  It's not the same as the original true, but it has a  flavor on it's on.  Buy it.
6302862949|2.0|Great dancing, fair acting, slow plot. The dance during the opening credits was the best part of the film for me.
B00003CWPR|2.0|I watched this film with a friend and we were both becoming irritated with the slow build up and the initial lack of direction.  However, as the intrigue and the atmosphere of the film built up (particularly the music in  the &quot;House&quot; scenes), it felt like we were going to be rewarded  with a crunching finale with mind-blowing twists.  It wasn't to be: the  sense of being cheated by the film's abrupt and anticlimatic ending felt  like a violent slap to the face.  Having said this, I haven't stopped  thinking about the film and what it was trying to say (if anything).  Perhaps this was Kubricks intention.  We will never now.  I will certainly  watch it again, but I won't hold my breath....
0425129586|4.0|I read this book through school, and I loved it. It was boring at times, yes. But others were sooo exciteing. You don't know who or who to expect. This was the first book i read of Agatha's, and it won't be my last. I am  half way though my second. It was thrilling, and deceving. Have fun  reading.
0553213105|5.0|It doesn't get better than Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice.  Whether you're the hopeless romantic or you just love the classics, you're going to love this book. Though I am only sixteen, I consider myself to be  moderately well-read.  I love reading, and, when I am between books, my  life feels desolate and empty.  One day, while in the most barren pit of  ennui, I picked up Pride and Prejudice at my mother's recommendation.  I do  not ordinarily like my mother's taste in reading; her favorite books tend  to be very dull, but so deep was my boredom that I succumbed to her  suggestion.  I wasn't displeased with what I found.  I fell in love with  the book at the first sentence.  I brought my beloved book to the dinner  table, to my classes and late into the night.  I love everything about it.  I love the characters; especially Elizabeth Bennet!  I love the Victorian  vernavular which works so well for this particular novel.  I love the  scintillating plot and the suspense created by knowing that Elizabeth and  Mr. Darcy should be together but their pride and prejudice (hence the  title) are temporarily keeping them apart.  The language that the novel is  written in might be a little more difficult to read than contemporary  literature, but once one gets accustomed to it, it makes the novel even  more pleasurable.  I cannot imagine Elizabeth or Darcy or Bingley or any of  the other characters speaking any less eloquently; it would ruin the whole  experience!  The flowery language completes the whole effect of reading a  Jane Austen novel.  If a disgruntled female reader put down Pride and  Prejudice, pick it back up!  I strongly suggest it because it may prove to  be tedious at first but if read again, it would probably read more easily.  I can offer no suggestions to the male reader, however, because generally  this book, in ever essence, is a female novel.  I am not saying that men  would definetly not enjoy it; I'm simply saying that I have yet to meet any  malewho has not addressed this book in a very vehement manner. I simply  love this book in its entirety, and I know it won't be too long before I  pick it up again.  Jane Austen surely knew what she was doing when she  wrote this one! Her Pride and Prejudice will always have an honored spot on  my bookshelf.
B00003CXCK|5.0|This is the the first movie I ever went to the theater to see(way back when it first came out), and I remember everyone being soabsorbed (or afraid everyone else would see their tears) that the the theater was still full when the final credits were DONE rolling...As soon as I could afford it on VHS, I bought it, and later bought the Thos.  Keneally book it was based on (an excellent read).  If it were out on DVD, I would already own it.  Like the book, the movie is not a story about Schindler nor about his list, but a story about grim reality and the human response in the face of inevitable disaster--clutching to every thread of hope at whatever cost...it's one of those films where you never expect to be even close to where you end up judging by the beginning.  Excellent choice of effects with the b/w and the girl in the pink/red dress, and the ending...I think that if the rest of the film had been in color, the impact of the film would have been significantly reduced, if not completely different. Get it today!  (no, I won't make a penny if you buy it...;-))
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty is by far the most intreguing film to come out in 1999.  Not only were the performances great, the story itself had layer upon layer that made everything just click.  Kevin Spacey does a marvelous job of portraying a middle-aged man who is fed up with his job, the only  excitement in his marriage is choosing what music to listen to at dinner,  and has lost touch with his once sparkle-in-his-eye daughter. Seeing his  life, his moments of inspiration and the way he fights to get some dignity  back in his life is truly a marvel to behold. Annette Bening's character is  also just as rich, even if not so believable.  Movies don't need to reflect  actual life; we see enough of that every day.   This movie takes a viewer  inside the lives of one suburban family and says many things that I feel  most people think, whether they would like to admit it or not.  This is not  supposed to represent actual life; it represents how life could be.  And I  feel this movie represents that better than any movie I've seen in ten  years.  I walked out of the theater feeling an aray of emotions, but mostly  feeling a little better about myself for seeing this movie.  Hopefully, you  will too.
B00000064G|5.0|If there's one thing I hate it's when a corporation commits the blasphemy of taking a beautiful song and uses to it promote a stupid  product.  As anti-commercial as Nick Drake was he would be rolling in is grave if he  knew what Volkswagon had done with his song about the inevitability of  death.  Tell me what Nick Drake's song &quot;Pink Moon&quot; has to do with  a bunch of drunks driving around at night in a foreign car looking for a  party?  Shame on you VW.  Now that we've got that out of the way let me  start by saying that &quot;Pink Moon,&quot; Drake's swan song, is also his  masterpiece.  It is Nick Drake in his darkest hour, at his most vulnerable.   Accompanied only by his brilliant acoustic guitar playing (and a little  piano), Nick pours his heart out.  Music seemed to be his only outlet at  this point in his life and it shows.  Nick had little impact on the 70s  British folk scene he came out of but his influence is heard today in  artists such as Red House Painters and American Music Club.  If you  appreciate beautiful and sincere music buy this CD.  But don't buy it  because you like that jingle from the VW commercial.  Show a little respect  and reverence for this brilliant and tragic talent.  It's obvious  Volkswagon didn't.
B00000I8UE|5.0|Along with albums like Miles Davis, &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;, Keith Jarrett's, &quot;The Kolon Concert&quot; and John McARthur's, &quot;Hidden&quot;, this album is legendary already. What a great tribute  to Miles, and reserve a spot for Casandra in your CD changer, because she  won't be leaving anytime soon.
B000001EPB|5.0|I am an avid LotD fan, and have seen it live numerous times.  If you can't see it in person, this is the next best thing.  The music on this soundtrack takes you from fast-paced, energetic, upbeat tempos that make  you want to dance till you drop, to slow, melodic, relaxing songs that make  you ponder the world around you.  There is someting on this CD for everyone  - I have given this CD as a gift to 12 people, ranging in ages from 9 to  86, and every single one finds a song that touches them.  The music is  unlike any other celtic music to date, and is a must buy for everyone.  You  will not be sorry!
B00000JQFM|5.0|This cd absoultly just Rocks! ..Joe is brilliant! Nuff Said.
B000001GXJ|5.0|This is a recording any lover of Verdi or of all-around opera must have.  After the 1881 revisions, this opera ranks among the best of Verdi's mature works, and contains some of his greatest ensembles.  Claudio Abbado's  interpretation is superlative, combining high drama with great beauty.  His  tempi are chosen perfectly, and he shapes the music in a way that only the  best Verdi conductors can do.  Cappuccilli is an outstanding Doge, with a  brilliant range of tone and fantastic majesty in the Council Chamber Scene  - indeed, he portrays Simon's emotions at every point in the opera with  perfect clarity and dramatic creativity - and this is added to a beautiful,  golden baritone voice.  Mirella Freni is a touching Amelia/Maria, bringing  out the emotions of this character vividly.  Jos Carreras is terrific as  Gabriele, Nicolai Ghiaurov is a perfect Fiesco, and Jos van Dam is a  chillingly sinister Paolo.  Masterful chorus work and superb playing from  the La Scala forces.  (I think I'm going to run out of adjectives soon!)   The packaging is attractive and the sound is brilliantly clear.  In  addition, this set is at mid-price, making it highly affordable.  If you  have this, great!  If you don't ... get it!  Now!
B0000042H4|5.0|Long a staple of Wagner fans the new remastering brings the sound to state-of-the-art level.  It's difficult to overstate how much this adds to the enjoyment of this dramatic masterpeice.  You can now crank the volume  to an appropriate level and there is no background noise or hiss at all.   Wow!
B000002W9Q|5.0|Besides being one of the greatest movies of all time (who hasnt seen it at  least 10 times?) and starring Patrick Swayze (thats why weve all seen it 10  times), Dirty Dancing has one of the best soundtracks ive heard.  Yeah, i  bought it for &quot;I've Had the Time of my Life&quot;, but i find myself  being able to listen to the whole album.  That is surprising, i usually  wont be able to.  If you like the movie, buy the soundtrack, i promise  you'll like it.  If you like love songs, i promise you'll like it.   If you  just know the theme song, buy it, you'll love it, trust me.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Ok, weird title for this review.  The bottom line is I love the music of Enigma but have no idea how to express why.  It just feels right.  Perhaps it can be said like this: The music of Enigma (all 4 albums) will take you  on a journey into your own emotions--if you let it--if you have the  courage.  And if this music does not move you, then perhaps some therapy is  in order.<br />One complaint. Quality over quantity? The quality is there, no  doubt.  But damn! the CD is just too short.  Like sex, ice cream, and  pizza, I always want more.<br />Peace and hippy beads!
B000002W9Q|5.0|Besides being one of the greatest movies of all time (who hasnt seen it at  least 10 times?) and starring Patrick Swayze (thats why weve all seen it 10  times), Dirty Dancing has one of the best soundtracks ive heard.  Yeah, i  bought it for &quot;I've Had the Time of my Life&quot;, but i find myself  being able to listen to the whole album.  That is surprising, i usually  wont be able to.  If you like the movie, buy the soundtrack, i promise  you'll like it.  If you like love songs, i promise you'll like it.   If you  just know the theme song, buy it, you'll love it, trust me.
B00000K2SE|5.0|When I finished watching this the first time, I sat back and (like Keanu Reeves) just said &quot;Whoa&quot;.  Mind-boggling special effects that, thankfully, didn't take over the story.  Speaking of the story.....What an  outrageously innovative plot.  Humans as batteries for Artificial  Intelligence kept in a permanent dreamland called &quot;The Matrix&quot;.   Top notch thriller.  One of the best sci-fi movies ever.
0784011214|5.0|When i saw this movie, i thought i was going to cry because of the way stallone acts. he is so realistic when he makes his movies. he even happens to be my role model. I hope he continues to make more movies, and even more  RAMBO films. this movie touches everyone who sees it. When stallone pulls  out his big M-16, i get moved so much, it makes me cry and ask for my mummy  until the next morning. I hope i can review more films and that you enjoy  my input on these great films.
0790731452|5.0|To say that this movie is not funny is not looking at the entire picture.  This movie is a spoof.  Tim Burton has his own (and great) since of humor.  He portrays a president that is very easy going and wants to be the friend  to all, the army general who thinks you should shoot first and ask  questions later, the sleazy aid, and all of the bickering etc. that  congress does already.  This is Mr. Burton using his dark humor throughout.   A must see, but look at it through a dark lense and you will truly see the  great movie that it is.
0784011214|5.0|When i saw this movie, i thought i was going to cry because of the way stallone acts. he is so realistic when he makes his movies. he even happens to be my role model. I hope he continues to make more movies, and even more  RAMBO films. this movie touches everyone who sees it. When stallone pulls  out his big M-16, i get moved so much, it makes me cry and ask for my mummy  until the next morning. I hope i can review more films and that you enjoy  my input on these great films.
6301978587|5.0|Yentl was an inspiring movie. It is a love story based on the the three main characters intertwined.  Streisand's performance was excellent and intrigining.  Streisand is a genuinely authentic and original actress.  Her  talent never ceases to amaze me!  I thoroughly enjoy all of her movies but  I must admit that Yentl is my absolute favorite.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Yes, the one song sounds like Jane's Addiction, but all in all, this album is an original and moving experience from start to finish.  Most of the songs start off heavy, but find themselves in very melodic, thoughful  choruses with undeniable hooks.  Toward the end of the album, the songs  lighten up--there's even a ballad.  Listen to the entire album a few times,  and you'll not be able to turn it off.
0684872153|5.0|I swear I will never complain about anything in my life as long as I live (my husband wishes this were really true).  I put off reading this book because when a friend described it it sounded so depressing.  This friend  would describe the authors hardships but with a strange smile as she tried  to explain,&quot;But it's not just about starving, it's funny. Trust  me.&quot; So I trusted my friend.  This book broke my heart--sent me into  utter dispare.  But McCourt's down to earth writing style and naive  childhood dialogue was hysterical.  A four year old would really talk and  think like that! I finished the book last night and didnt go to bed  depressed--Instead I am truly grateful for all I have.  I loved this  writing style--without quotation marks and with run-on sentences.  Children  dont usually think in perfect sentence structure anyway. What an incredible  story.
0767802659|1.0|This SciFi movie is the worst one I've ever seen. Though it's a future but these poor troopers just used their hands and rifles to fight with the bugs. Hey, a weapon called &quot;Tank&quot; has been invented for almost 90  years. Also there's no a very good end. Lots of things were not finished  when you see &quot;The End&quot;. The 1 star is for its visual effect,  though.
B00003OSSM|5.0|Harrison Ford was doing his job, as always.  He is a perfectionist.  His job in this movie was to portray a character who had loved his wife, was betrayed, and lost her.  He played his part to perfection as he always  does.  If he seemed cold, yet emotional at times with tears in his eyes, he  showed the real depth of those emotions.  This was his job to appear that  way!<br />I recall reading a review of his performance in &quot;Sabrina&quot;  - was said to have been 'cold, tired, unemotional, sick', etc.  Again, this  was HIS JOB. The script was written thusly - he was SUPPOSED to play a role  showing himself all these things, and he did a superb job at it!<br />As for  the plot in Random Hearts, some reviewer complained about the various  sub-plots.  Doesn't every movie and TV show these days have several plots  running at the same time?  Confusing, to say the least, but it does make  you pay attention! As another reviewer mentioned, &quot;watch his eyes and  listen to his voice.&quot;  This is one great actor!  He can say more in  one scene with his eyes, hands, and that great grin than many other actors  today can portray during a whole movie.<br />We rented this movie last  week-end and watched it three times.  I own 25 of HF's videos, of which my  husband and I watch one at least 5 times a week (sometimes 7).  (We do not  go to the theater).  As soon as the price comes down, we will add it to our  collection.  In the meantime, will rent it again.<br />I agree with Mr.  Burgraff of North Myrtle Beach, SC, who wrote that &quot;this was worthy of  an Oscar consideration.&quot;  As someone else wrote in a review,  &quot;this is definitely not suited for everyone's taste.&quot;  Then,  again, what is?   <br />Please, see this movie, pay attention, and enjoy it as  much as we did!  <br />Thanks to a great cast for a great movie!
B000001FNL|5.0|I'm a HUGE fan of the Brothers Gibb and enjoy their work as a whole.  I'd  say if I wanted someone else to become a fan, I'd choose this album for  them to listen to first.  It has everything and ALL of the tracks are top  notch. I especially like &quot;Nights on Broadway&quot;, &quot;Country  Lanes&quot;, and &quot;Songbird&quot;.  I could listen over and over!  One  of their very best............
B000003RCY|5.0|...is far superior to their follow-up effort, Sehnsucht.  Herzeleid  contains less techno, and goes more along the lines of straight-up metal,  with heavy guitar and bass riffs, plus one awesome drummer (Christoph  Schneider).  Till Lindemann outgrowls James Hetfield on the German vocals,  which range in topic from a twisted song about grave-robbing (Heirate  Mich), to a song about protecting yourself from heartache (Herzeleid).  All  in all, this is an excellent CD...but I must say I prefer Metallica any  day.  The only track I dislike is Seemann.  Best tracks: Herzeleid  (Heartache), Heirate Mich (Marry Me), Du Reischt So Gut (You Smell So  Good), Rammstein (Battering Ram), and Asche zu Asche (Ashes to Ashes).
B00000J7RZ|2.0|The only song I liked on the cd was No Me Ames. Don't buy this cd.I borrowed it.Iam glad I didn't buy it.
B00003Q438|5.0|I have been reading the reviews below and thinking, &quot;Isn't just great?&quot;.  Many people are not James Cameron fans, which is fine, not everybody likes every thing.  They still give very honest and good points  about &quot;The Abyss&quot;.  The most interesting thing I have read was  the opinions of how the 2 versions differ from each other and, more  important, each version has adamant fans.  The beauty of this DVD is that  you now have a choice in the same package to view either one.  And the  extra materials in the DVD, for  movie making fans, are awe inspiring.   Watch the movie for the story...then watch it again after you see what the  actors, in particular, Ed Harris, did to bring the story to you, and you  realize, this movie deserves all the praise it recieves.  Good story,  awesome DVD....Hope Titanic gets the special edition treatment someday.
B0000000LI|4.0|It's not as good as tribute, but it is still good. One Man's Dream is very nice.Yanni writes great music.I hope he has another live concert.So another good cd can come out.
B000001GPX|5.0|What a performance of the Seventh!  One of the greatest renditions of the most beautiful of all of Beethoven's symphonies.  You would be foolish not to have this disc in your collection.
B00003CX5A|2.0|This film starts off well purely due to the fact that the acting is hilarious (I suspect intentionally).  As the film tries to develop however, it quickly descends into what seems like an episode of scooby-doo.  I was  genuinely surprised at the end when I realised that the janitor actually  didn't do it. To be fair, the film was entertaining at times, and I'm sure  a lot of people will love it, but I walked away wondering exactly what it  was trying to achieve.   I think this movie is good for those people who  want to feel scared, but don't have the stomach for a real horror movie.   Overall: hit and miss.
B00001R3GI|5.0|I can't describe it. I've put a skip in every song- I need a new copy. It is that good. Keefer is there jamming away, on guitar, bass, piano, percussion, and vocals! No &quot;musician&quot; today would dare do that  much. Taylor does the same. The best non-Wyman bass part is still  &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot;. God only knows what they were thinking, but,  man, did they get it right. You can hear what the blues is as transposed  through the Ealing Club, down the Thames, through the English Channel, down  through France, to Villefranche, where the Stones made one of the greatest  double albums of all time. They would have made eighteen forgettable songs,  unless they had included all of them in this album. Thank God they did.
6305603847|5.0|&quot;The Wall&quot;: a masterpiece.  The only way to watch this movie is on DVD.  I've watched this movie for years on VHS, but on DVD, it's like watching it for the 1st time.  If you don't believe me go straight to the  &quot;trial&quot; animation.  YOU WILL BE BLOWN AWAY BY THE QUALITY.  I  cannot stress enough how great this film is.  And as for the &quot;secret  buttons&quot; (the little square pics on menu screens), when you play  &quot;the wall&quot; in your DVD-ROM and click on these pics, all you get  is a sound byte.  This could have been a great added feature, but it is  virtually useless (unless you just have to hear 'IF YOU DON'T EAT YOUR  MEAT' on your pc).  In summary, buy this movie, then go out and buy Pink  Floyd's &quot;Final Cut&quot;.  This album deserves high praise since it's  really the 2nd half of 'the wall' and not just a flat 80's album
0783241569|5.0|Roberts and Grant are wonderful of course, but the rest of the cast is just as good. Sweet, charming, funny, and sometimes very moving. Especially the relationship between William's two best friends. The London locations  are great.
B000025APX|2.0|My friend told me to get this CD because I was into bands like Samael and Substance D.  So I bought it and it was terrible.  Someone should teach the frontman to sing, not growl.  Coming up with lyrics is pretty much  pointless, all he has to do is make noises in the mic and hey, you have  what the lyrics sound like.  But I do have to give the band credit for the  music.  The music is really good, but the godaweful lyrics take away from  the song.
B00004NHCC|5.0|Sarah Vaughan's self-titled album featuring Clifford Brown has always been a landmark of her recording career; her warm, lush voice was in absolute top form and the musical backing was nothing short of stellar.  And whereas  most jazz vocalists of the 50's focused mainly on their own singing, this  album explains why musicians considered Sarah one of their own; this isn't  so much a singer's release as it is a project by a jazz combo that happens  to feature a human voice as one of its counterparts.  Generous solos are  given throughout, and the album has an earthy, jam-session quality.   &quot;You're Not the Kind&quot; and &quot;Lullaby of Birdland&quot; show  Sarah at the height of her swinging abilities (&quot;Birdland&quot; even  boasts what is arguably the best scat of her career) and &quot;I'm Glad  There is You,&quot; &quot;April in Paris,&quot; and &quot;Embraceable  You&quot; rank among the most moving and emotional ballads she's ever  recorded.<br />Additionally, this release single-handedly justifies the  remastering and reissuing process.  This album has been available on CD for  years and sounded just fine; the reissue, however, adds a texture to the  music (especially noticeable on sax and drums) that is priceless.   Amazingly, Sarah's voice sounds even more beautiful and the project as a  whole no longer sounds like it was recorded decades ago.  For artistic jazz  standards of yesteryear and the sound technology of today, you can't find a  better release than &quot;Sarah Vaughan.&quot;
076781326X|5.0|There is something odd about the passing away of two of the main stars of this epic within months of each other, Oliver Reed and Oliver Bart. For me the music is at the core of the film and there can be no doubt that Oliver  Bart was a genius at creating the kind of songs you just can't help but get  hooked by. All of the performances are remarkable and are in part a great  credit to Olver Reed's uncle Sir Carol Reed who directed it superbly. The  essence of the film inmy mind is captured superbly by the arrival of Bill  Sykes(Reed) at the local tavern late at night. His shadow in approach  engulfs the mind as the music raises the odds. Reeds perforamnce (both of  them) along with Ron Moody are the key reasons this film hits its mark,  along with the fabulous music score... I am sure that Oliver, Carol and  Oliver are having a beer in the big pub in the sky as you read this mulling  over old memorys. Definately a film that I will be watching 30, 40, 50,  years from now!
0385484518|4.0|Reading TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE was a wonderful experience.  The dialogue worked well and the author's style introduces another ethnographic approach to writing about the self in the company of fellow earthlings.  I finished  the book feeling more human and compassionate than when I first opened it.
B000001GQJ|4.0|From the first moments of the recording of Chopin's third scherzo it is easy to see why this recording caused such a stir when it first appeared in the early 1960s:  Martha Argerich displays a masterful technique and touch  at the keyboard while still pushing the envelope of &quot;standard&quot;  performance practices.  Her playing may not be everyone's favorite, but you  can't help but be drawn into the music and the music-making throughout.   Where a pianist like Rubinstein played this scherzo with more  understatement and elegance, Argerich provides plenty of shading and fire  at every turn.<br />The recording continues with beautifully long and singing  lines in two rhapsodies of Brahms, and then whips back into the excitement  with an energetic reading of Prokofiev's toccata.  In the latter, she shows  clear promise to challenge Richter as an interpreter of this  composer.<br />Argerich's touch is very gentle in Ravel's Jeux d'eau, playing  the tops of the keys rather than directly into them.  I prefer recordings  of Ravel by old master Walter Gieseking or the young virtuoso Boris  Berezovsky, but am probably among a small minority on this point.<br />While  many consider this recording of the Liszt B-minor sonata to be among the  best, I actually prefer recordings from Claudio Arrau, Maurizio Pollini,  and, yes, even Van Cliburn.  Nonetheless, the performance is polished and  well-crafted---Argerich is able to draw a rich, sometimes dark, often  roaring tone from the piano.<br />Skip the Great Pianists of the 20th century  disks on Argerich and go straight to the source:  buy this disk and enjoy  an exciting debut recording.
B000002URV|5.0|Of all of Enigma's albums, &quot;MCMXC A.D&quot; is still the best. Many images and thoughts conjured up from these cuts. The sounds fit the beautiful landscape here in Arizona. The sensuous, pulsating  &quot;heartbeat&quot; is awesome! The one and only album I would chose to  have if stranded on that desert island! And I did find my &quot;Rivers of  Belief&quot; and go back many times in my mind!
B000002C1X|5.0|This is definitely a classic!   Brilliant lyrics.
6304711891|5.0|This  Dvd  is  a  muust  if  you  have HT  setup the  bass response  is tremendous  the  soundfield  is  gives  you  a true  movie  type atomoshere!1  This  is  not  your  typical  terroist  movie  you  forget   Sean  Connery's  age in this movie .  Excellent  acting  from  Nic Cage  Ed   Harris  go get it today. The  cover on  my  top ceiling  just  came   apart!
0440234743|5.0|In \\"The Testament\\", we have an obscenely wealthy businessman committing suicide after devising the perfect plan to vengefully deprive a flock of vulture-like heirs from inheriting his $11 billion estate. Rather, he  leaves it all to an illegitimate daughter working as a missionary to the  Indians in the remote outback of Brazil. Our hero, Nate, is a burned-out  lawyer just out of alcohol rehab sent to find the will's sole beneficiary.  Even though she doesn't want the money, he returns to the States to defend  her interests against those of the money-desperate ex-heirs and their  just-as-greedy lawyers, probably the largest school of razor-toothed sharks  ever encountered in a single volume.<br />Suffice it to say that Nate is one  of the most appealing characters conjured by Grisham in a long time. By the  end of the book, he finds professional, spiritual and emotional redemption  stemming from his surprisingly brief encounter with Rachel, the elusive  missionary daughter, and a somewhat longer bout with dengue fever. That, in  itself, makes this story worth reading. The fact that the truly avaricious  get their comeuppance is frosting on the cake. A delicious read!
B000002J09|5.0|The reason this is the best album ever is because it has 8 great songs on it, including the greatest ever (Stairway to Heaven, of course!) When I listen to Stairway to Heaven, I either: pretend I'm Robert Plant, singing  those great lyrics; air guitar to Jimmy Page's solo, or smash away at the  drums like John Bonham. GREATEST ALBUM EVER!
0792833686|5.0|Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor, and Debbie Reynolds dance and sing beautifully.  My favorite musical.
6303823351|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was nine years old; it's still one of my favorites.  John, Paul, George and Ringo are funnier in this film than in A Hard Day's Night, because the humor is much more natural to their  personalities.  Much ad-libbing is present, so the action seems more  real-life (or would, if the plot wasn't so bizarre).  John Lennon  especially lets his goofy sense of humor go, and his one-liners are some of  the best parts of the film.  Great music with wonderful accompianing  footage tops the glass.  A major must-see for any person of any age.
B00003CXDU|5.0|I had to be forced to go to this movie, but I don't ever remember laughing so hard. This is an excellent SciFi spoof. It also spoofs the public reaction to scifi fans. It was well worth the time and price. I will be  getting this movie when it is released.
B00003CWPR|5.0|This movie is intensely psychological, and most would see it as a slow and boring waste of time.  But that is the point - it is designed to un-nerve you, to taunt you, and to tease you at the brink of sexual fruition.  Eyes  Wide Shut explores the inner workings of human sexuality by drawing the  viewer into the movie - working the highly controversial sex scenes into  the mind and letting them do what they are designed to do - stir up  reaction.  It explores guilt - internal and external of the film.  And it  questions the limits of infidelity.  See the movie, think open mindedly,  and let its subliminal themes wiegh on you.  and then decide if you like it  or not.
6300185729|3.0|This film, which came out in the mid-'80's, actually ages well, as it strives to emulate classic Hollywood screwball comedies in the vein of Howard Hawks and David Cukor. Director Reitman aimed high, giving this movie a sense of good, clean fun, and weaves an intricate plot that while being a tad hard to follow, thankfully does not insult the viewer's intelligence. While it has a few week moments, especially the last third of the movie, it's not that far off the mark. Redford and Winger, who play opposing lawyers, do have a certain chemistry, and the plot is wacky and convincing enough to keep the viewer interested. Redford, as usual, is terrific and those fans hungering for the comic genious that he demonstrated back during his early days of \\"Barefoot in the Park\\" and \\"Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid\\" will be pleased. Same for Winger, (surprisingly!), who underplays her eccentric character with a crackerjack deadpan line delivery. There are some wonderful laugh-out-loud moments, such as Redford and Winger's simultaneous cases of insomnia in their apartments the night before their case goes to trial - he gets up and tap dances; she raids the refrigerator. The supporting cast is equally fine: the stunning Daryl Hannah continues her trend of playing spacey but loveable characters, Christine Baranski and Brian Dennehy show up in stock-character supporting roles, and Terence Stamp plays an uptight art museum currator. If you like \\"Bringing Up Baby,\\" \\"The Philadelphia Story,\\" \\"His Girl Friday,\\" or \\"Adam's Rib,\\" you will probably appreciate this movie.
B000002KXV|4.0|Wow. Five stars in 43 out of 45 reviews, with the remainder awarding three. How many other items on Amazon have a record that good?<br />Guess I'll have to fill in the gap with four stars, just to be contrary, though I  probably love this album no less than most of the five-star gang. That a  book, record, or video happens to be a personal favorite does not mean it  necessarily would suit everyone. You must explain and justify.<br />Steely Dan  pioneered a unique combination of infectiously danceable -- hell, outright  happy! -- instrumental music linked to cynical, ironic, sarcastic, and even  downright bitter lyrics. I often think a lot of folks who love to hear the  hits air on a classics station or played by a cover band would blanch if  they knew what the songs were really about.<br />Brilliant as that mix turned  out to be, this 1982 &quot;solo&quot; album by Fagen came as a breath of  warm, fresh air with its low-key funk, lounge-y jazz sound, and warm,  nostalgic, and even tender lyrics. There's a bit of irony in the wide-eyed  prognostications about life in the technological future, in &quot;I.G.Y.  (International Geophysical Year)&quot; -- that was 1957-58, for you young  'uns -- but it's not in your face.<br />There are no rockers on the order of  &quot;Black Friday,&quot; &quot;Boddhisatva,&quot; or &quot;Reelin' In the  Years.&quot;  Instead, the album is packed with slower, lovely ballads and  bouncy, optimistic dance music.<br />&quot;Ruby Baby&quot; is the one cover  tune (a Lieber and Stoller), but the original &quot;Maxine&quot; is even  more starry-eyed than that. &quot;I.G.Y,&quot; &quot;Green Flower  Street&quot; and &quot;The New Frontier&quot; look back to simpler, happier  times with bouncey rhythms. &quot;The Goodbye Look&quot; is the one tune  one might find on a Steely Dan album: it would not be out of place on _The  Royal Scam_ or _Gaucho_, with its calypso beat and lyrical threat (&quot;I  believe I just got the goodbye look&quot; is about an impending banana  republic coup, not a romantic breakup).<br />Despite the recall of earlier  historic times, the evocation of young romance (don't forget the lovely  regret of &quot;Walk Between Raindrops&quot;), perhaps the warmest AND  funniest song on the album is the title cut, about a graveyard shift disc  jockey and call-in host.<br />This album is not going to leap out and grab  you, but if you listen a few times, it will settle in comfortably for the  long haul.ut an impending banana  republic coup, not a romantic breakup).<br />Despite the recall of earlier  historic times, the evocation of young romance (don't forget the lovely  regret of &quot;Walk Between Raindrops&quot;), perhaps the warmest AND  funniest song on the album is the title cut, about a graveyard shift disc  jockey and call-in host.<br />This album is not going to leap out and grab  you, but if you listen a few times, it will settle in comfortably for the  long haul.
6305750750|5.0|I have been a fan of the Star Wars series, for as long as I can remember. I heard that the new movie was coming out long before much of the medi driven hype began.  The first thing I thought when I learned of the new  movie was, can it be as good as the original.  The anwser was and is no.  The original Star Wars was a movie icon.  It has become an important part  of american pop culture.  Even those who have not recently seen the movie  or do not enjoy Sci-Fi Fantasy movies know who Chewie is, recognize a light  saber, and know the signifigance of hair buns.<br />So the new film is not as  good as the original.  In my view titanic wasn't half as good as the  original Star Wars.  That does not mean that it is not a good movie.  Nor  does it mean that all of those people who went to see the movie wasted  their mony or time.  Just because a movie does not measure up to  one of  the all time movie ledgends doesn't mean it isn't a great movie.  When the  movie came out I went to see it with the rest of the hords and when the  theater darkend and movie began the air seemed to be charged with an  electric buzz.  As the movie progressed I became entwined in the plot and  began to ask questions like, how does this anakin kid ever turn to the  darkside, and how is the palpintine involved, and who is really behind the  trade federation plots.  When the movie ended I walked out of the theater  feeling that it had been one of the best if not the best movies I had seen  in a long time.<br />A short time after I had seen the movie I began to  notice that two camps were forming about it.  A group that loved it and  felt it belonged as a part of the Star Wars saga and those that clearly did  not.  The arguments I heard coming from the detracting crowd were that the  movie had to much CGI and that it was no where near the originals.<br />To  those people I want to ask who are you guys? And what do you want?<br />Do you  want puppets?  Well to those of you that said you didn't like the CGI and  would prefer the puppets I must say.  Stop trying to relive the past!  I  understand that you have fond memories of the methods used in the original  Star Wars movie but those methods were used then because at the time they  were state of the art.  But when starting the new movie George Lucas chose  to use modern techniques because they were the best way to achive the look  and feel he wanted the new movie to have.<br />Did you want the original all  over again?  I must admitt that it would have been nice to get another  movie of the caliber of the original but lets get real.  When I approached  this movie I approached it with the attitude of, it's just a movie and that  is all I expect, and that is what I got.  For those of you that expected  another cultural icon I am truly sorry that you didn't get what you want,  but don't judge this movie based on the past judge it on the now.  Don't  judge it on the original no movie can handle that, judge it on the great  movie it is.<br />I feel that this was a great movie and probably more worthy  of being purchased than the last movie you bought. So give it a try and I  think you'll like it.
0780622642|4.0|...This movie made me uneasy for a few reasons.  For example, how on earth can you travel THROUGH the sun without being burned to cinders?  Also, Dr. Smith was a tad bit more homo-pedophiliac than he was in the t.v. show, and  it kind of made the scenes with him and Will kind of creepy.  And finally,  the spider-ish version of Dr. Smith was just plain scary. It was probably  the most unappealing thing I've ever seen.  Very scary, and very realistic,  which made it even scarier.  A metallic human spider-type thing?  What was  that all about?  Finally, it was kind of hard to follow.  In the theater I  wasn't able to pay close attention, but upon watching it later, I tried  harder, and it was just as confusing.  If you blink during this movie,  you'll end up on Mars.
B0000203YT|5.0|Without question, Shakespeare in Love is one of the most charming and intelligent movies I've ever seen.  The script is wonderful, operating on several levels with ease, the performances are all first-rate, and the  costume and cinematography are wonderfully convincing.  I had no interest  when I walked into the theatre, and I was completely won over.  Shakespeare  in Love was entirely deserving of Best Picture, defeating a much stronger  group of pictures than this year's bunch.  Highly recommended.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is truly the best one of my collection!I'm not bragging at all!Moby put many different  elements in this album,and every track of this cd is annoyingly fascinating!Moby I Love ya!
B000002U9W|3.0|Probably one of the most peculiar entries in the Pink Floyd catalog, Atom Heart is recommended for anyone who liked &quot;Meddle&quot; or &quot;Obscured By Clouds&quot;. The title suite, although interesting at  times, is really the precursor to more fully developed ideas like  &quot;Echoes&quot; (from &quot;Meddle&quot;) and &quot;Shine On You Crazy  Diamond&quot; (from &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;). It plods along  unpredictably and is quite tedious in spots. Roger Waters' &quot;If&quot;  is a beautiful song that is as introspective as anything he's ever written.  Richard Wright's contribution, &quot;Summer '68&quot; is a brilliant, hard-  rocking piece and Gimour's &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; is comparable to &quot;A  Pillow Of Winds&quot; in it's melancholy, acoustic performance. The  experimental &quot;Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast&quot; is fun to listen to,  but is an average effort at best.
B00000J6AG|1.0|To me it is wrong morally for someone to use the work of people who have passed on in  your music.the decest whose old blues vocals he samples arent able to defend there work from this evil techno machine.heres msomething  original use a living persons voice for your vocals
B000006FNX|5.0|In this remake of Thunderball, Bond batles s great villain.Though not as good as the original, it is still wonderful.
B000002KHY|5.0|Could this CD be any better?  The answer to this question is no!  This is a CD that everyone should have. Normally i boy Hip/Hop or Dance CD's but after just one listen to this i haven't had it out of my CD player. &quot;  Something in the way she moves &quot; could quite possibly be the best song  ever written. While writing this review i thought that i would try and be  objective and offer a bad point about it. I can't it's simply not possible  for me to say anything bad about this CD.
B000005IU2|5.0|Stating the facts, jack, I don't think it would be too bombastic to hail this as the greatest album of all time. This is what rock'n'roll is all about: a howl from the gutter, one big slab of raging noise. Originally  released in 1970 to utter indifference (it hit the cut-out bins faster than  lightning), this is now held in high enough esteem by the r'n'r cognescenti  to have its own 7-CD(! ) retrospective box-set thrust upon the public, and  rightly so!  Working like a musical suite, Funhouse is a perfect musical  combination where every single song - every single note - segways  brilliantly into the next. From &quot;Down on the Street&quot; to the  wailing morass of &quot;LA Blues&quot;, it's a statement of utter loathing,  yet, 30 years after its release, with its criminally belated status of a  r'n'r classic - of ultimate liberation, too. There is no other album on  earth that captures such a feeling of sweaty SEXY rebellion as this; it  gyrates and moves like its barely in control, then brings itself back in  line to deliver the punch. My god, just get the thing...
6300183971|5.0|Yes, believe it or not, the late author of the &quot;Dune&quot; science fiction series, Frank Herbert, was reported to be quite pleased with David Lynch's treatment of his novel ... and so was I. Bear in mind that I  consider &quot;Dune&quot; to be one of the greatest sci-fi novels of all  time, so when a film director takes liberties with elements of the story, I  SHOULD be angry ... but not in this case. Considering that the only way to  truly do justice to the novel would be to make a film that's at least five  hours long, I think David Lynch does an absolutely remarkable job of  immersing the viewer in Frank Herbert's universe in just two-and-a-half  hours. Some prior understanding of this future galactic culture would be  helpful. In other words, READ THE BOOK! David Lynch apparently feels this  film is one of his weaker efforts, but I think he's selling himself short.  &quot;Dune&quot; is one of the most visionary and exhilarating science  fiction films ever. &quot;We have just folded space from Ix,&quot; INDEED.
B000021Y77|5.0|To me this is the most romantic movie in a while,The love between Mani and Lola is very sweet the movie is also the most original in a while
B000006FNX|5.0|Though this is a remake of Thunderball it is still excellent.Connery looks old but who cares!
6305750750|5.0|i thought it was a great movie and i plan on owning it as soon as it comes out. it was the first movie my niece watched and she was 1/2 year old. she liked it but then she is really in to action now, any how, enugh about my  niece. the only thing i didnt like was it was mostly based on battle and it  didnt have too many comical things in it. it had a very good story though.
B000000LZV|5.0|If there was only one record I could take to a desert island, this'd probably be it. Not only would I get 48 songs to choose from, but it's also one of the very few records I've listened to roughly over a 1,000 times and  never gotten sick of. The VU comparisons are spot on; not musically of  course, but in terms of influence and their criminal lack of recognition  within the general rock audience, there's certainly a parallel there. On  DNOTD, the Minutemen hit their peak; 48 songs that encompass life: passion,  dedication, love, hate, rage and joy. No other band on earth have touched a  nerve the way they did: D., Mike and George were an organic unit that hit a  jam like their lives depended on it, with a sense of compassion, rage and  black humour that still has me raising my fist in unity when I wack on this  platter. In my opinion, this is STILL the best album of the '80s and will  hopefully one day get its due as a classic of its - or any - period.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This album is a work of art! RHCP is by far the most talented band out there! They are in a class by themselves and this CD is further proof of their genius!
B00003CWPR|5.0|To the people who had negative reviews, you didn't understand the picture.  It was kinda like Men are from Mars and women are from Venus.  Especially the scene when Cruise and Kidman are smoking pot and Kidman says that men  just want her just because they want to go to bed with her.  The people  that gave negative reviews probably just rented or bought it for that  reason, and that is why they didn't pay attention to the plot. Then Kidman  says that she fantasized about the naval officer.  And Cruise's character  just hearing that thought drives him crazy.  I got a question for people  out there...Did you ever fantasize about someone when you were with your  spouse or lover?  I bet you have and you would be nieve to think that your  &quot;other&quot; didn't fantasize about another person as well.  So Cruise  acts out on what he keeps seeing in his mind and it makes him act out.  I  thought it was cool how Kubrick had Cruise with a hooker and had the  character say no to sex with the hooker.  And eventually Cruise goes to  that sex cult where he DOESN'T cheat on his wife.  Then the ending was  kinda weird but I could understand the logic of why it was in there.  To  the people that have seen this before, do you think that the mask was put  on the bed from Kidman's character because she was part of the sex cult?   If you answered no, why was the mask missing when he went to take the  costume back?  Or was it just a constant reminder of what Cruise's  character was hiding from his wife?  That is why Kubrick was so  awesome...He ALWAYS kept you guessing!
0792842731|4.0|Pierce Brosnan's second appearance as OO7 is very good.The villains are megalomaniac Elliot Carver and his henchman Stamper.Carver has orchestrated a plot to get world domination by a war between the superpowers and also  get exclusive broadcating rights in China for the next century.Michelle  Yeoh is a very good Bond girl and Brosnan does well also.Jonathan Pryce is  excellent as Elliot Carver. Sheryl Crow's title song was one of the better  one s and David Arnold'smusical score was marvelous.But incredible action  sequences take first chair here.There are two extremely exciting car chases  in this movie, one is a demilition derby type one through the streets of  Saigon were Bond and Yeoh ride on a motorcycle trying to evade Carver's  men.It is similar to the chase in The Man with the Golden Gun through the  streets of Bangkok  where there is an awesome corkscrew flip through the  air.The other chase is in a multi-level parking structure where Bond  dispatches Carver's men with the help of Q's gadget-ladden BMW.Some of the  gadgets are rockets, machine guns, bulletproof windows, and tires that  refill after they've been punctured, and tacks.Yet the most impressive  gadget is probably the remote control for his car.It is a cell phone, a  fingerprint scanner, a tazer boy, and best of all, OO7 can control the car  from it.Two other great action scenes are a fight in a building where they  run printing presses and a spectacular fight on Carver's stealth sub.Though  it might be a level below GoldenEye and The World is Not Enough Tomorrow  Never Dies is still a classic OO7 movie.
6302973724|5.0|This is my 1st purchase of a Depeche Mode music video. And if the rest are anything like this masterpiece, I'll have them all in no time at all. <br />The sheer poetry of Martin Gore's lyrics echoed from the voice of David  Gahan is brilliant. <br />A brilliant production made by all the people  involved with the band. And a definate must for a fan or for someone just  merely interested in knowing what this amazing band are capable of.<br />Their  songs are brilliant, and the sound quality and video quality is  spectacular.<br />Buy it, you wont regret it at all.
B00000JCB2|5.0|LIMP BIZKIT HAS REALLY GROWN ON THIS ALBUM.  ITS NOT AS HARD AS $3BILL BUT IS EVEN BETTER.  A LOT OF THE SONGS ARE AS AHRD AS $3BILL BUT SOME PARTS ARENT.  THIS CD HAS MORE RAP AND THE SAME NUMBER OF ROCK SONGS AS LAST  TIME.  BUY THIS!
B00000IGGA|5.0|This is the first Tom Waits album I've purchased.  Apparently, from the  some of the reviews that I've read here, he has other albums as good or  better.  That's great news for me because I can't listen to this album  enough!  It really grows on you.  I can't explain why I like it...I just  do.  <br />I'm about the same age as Tom and can't imagine how I could have  missed out on this for so long.  Though his style is quite novel, I was  under the wrong impression that his was just a novelty act...it's not...his  music is for real.  I won't pretend to be a music critic.  All I can say is  that I really like this album and look forward (backward?) to trying some  of his past albums as well.  <br />Try it...give it a little time...I'll bet  you'll like it.
B000006Y6X|5.0|Kicking and punching all the way from the opening bars of &quot;Burn It Down&quot; to the searing fade in &quot;There There My Dear&quot;, Birmingham-based Dexy's Midnight Runners' debut album is that rare gem:  lyrical and musical integrity with infectious melodies. With its roots  solidly in the dark nights of Northern Soul and the R&amp;B combos of Geno  Washington and the Ram Jam Band (the band's 3rd single, &quot;Geno&quot; --  and what was the last track on side one on the 1980 EMI LP release -- was  dedicated to the singer), singer Kevin Rowland and guitarist Al Archer  fashioned a tight, hard-hitting eight-piece band which included a  propulsive 3-horn section. At once venomous (&quot;Burn It Down&quot;,  &quot;There There My Dear&quot;) and poignant (&quot;Keep It&quot;,  &quot;Love Part Two&quot;) this is an album that will have you hummin',  tappin' and finger poppin' well after the soles have been worn off your  shoes from the dancing.
B000000H5J|4.0|This good.  I like alot.  Thanks
B00000099Y|4.0|It's a good album, but please, stop calling it the greatest album to ever grace the Earth. It's not the greatest thing, but it's still good.<br />I really miss Paul's bass, but overall, the whole package is very good. The  vocals are probably what sold me on Tool back when Undertow was first  released, and Maynard's voice isn't given enough &quot;room&quot; so to  speak. His voice is drowned out a lot, which is really a shame. If you want  real Tool, go listen to Undertow. Don't listen to this expecting hardcore  metal, or you will be sorely disappointed.
B000001EXB|5.0|This album definitely belongs to the best works Elton John has ever created.The music is very diverse and rockers(Wicked Dreams)are accompanied by melodic ballads(Live Like Horses,The End Will Come).The title track is  my favorite piece of work here but I am also fond of Recover Your  Soul,January and,of course,Something About The Way... . Unfortunately,the  album was a bit overshadowed by Candle In The Wind but still it is great.
068485743X|1.0|Unless you are a rank beginner, don't buy this book.  Lukeman is probably justified in writing this book, but don't buy it if you have a shred of ability.  Save your money for a relationship with a professional editor.  You will learn more, faster, that way.<br /><br />On the other hand, if you're just starting in the business, the book is filled with examples of laughably poor writing. You can compare your work to his examples; if your work bears a resemblance, stop reading and seek professional help.
6305144176|5.0|One thing about this movie is that it is probably one of the best movies of the 80-s.<br />Another true fact is that Barry Levinson, Robin Williams and late J.T. Walsh will be remembered in 40 years time primarily because they  made GMV!.<br />It IS very funny (do not be tempted to watch in any other  language but original!) yet is a very serious film - definetely not Arnold  and Dolf type. It brings to attention just another side if Nam war but not  only. A delicate but nonetheless impressive show of characters under the  strain of another &quot;...for the sake of the nation...&quot;  crusade.<br />No Vietnam theme is complete without GMV and it certainly  deserves buying a DVD player just to have this single movie in collection -  bacause you'll play it over and over again.<br />It is not enough to put  together light, film, camera and a few actors to make a movie. It takes  talent, luck and some majic to make real one. These guys had all three of  it.<br />A dope movie! Thank you, Touchstone...
0671042858|3.0|I have been a fan of SK forever! Die hard fans like myself will read it out of loyality to THE MAN, but this book, although suspenseful, was not the edge of my seat page turner of old. SK is taking a turn toward the  philosophical and spiritual as he gets older. This book like many of the  other new ones is missing the EDGE, that used to keep me up after the  lights went out wondering if just reading created the magic necessary to  have his creatures come to life and be in my closet. I'll keep reading, but  I miss the old SK. For folks who are new to his writing, begin here and  work your way back through the years to the REALLY GOOD STUFF! This is a  good intro the the pyschological terror that has made SK famous.
B000002UV9|5.0|Queensryche strikes a perfect balance in its music in &quot;Empire&quot; between fast-paced rock, and slower, more somber pieces. The lyrics are extremely well written, and the guitar work and vocals by Geoff Tate are  awesome. My favorite songs include &quot;Best I Can&quot;, &quot;Another  Rainy Night (Without You)&quot;, and &quot;Empire&quot;. If you're looking  for a happy median between metal and progressive rock, Queenryche's  &quot;Empire&quot; is it!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is too good for a rating. If I had to give The Matrix a rating it would be the best possible.<br />I watched The Matrix a few days ago and the story line was so fascinating it has been on my mind ever sence. <br />In  the movie Neo (Keanu Reeves) asks Morphius (Laurence Fishburne) &quot;What  is The Matrix?&quot;. And Morphius said that The Matrix is not something  you can put into words. And that he would have to see it for himself to  know what it is. <br />That is how the movie is too.<br />There is something I  can't explain about the movie The Matrix that is mind boggling.<br />There is  not and never will be a better movie.
6305177473|5.0|I love Lindsay Lohan because she reminds me of my girlfriend.  She talks and looks exactly like her!
6303477259|5.0|One of the best long-form videos of a live show you will ever see.  Remarkably close to seeing the show in person (which I did).  The absence of a DVD release is criminal.  The only drawback of this video is the  minimal footage of the spectacular lighting choreography on the circular  screen upstage behind and above the band.  It was masterful and beautiful,  but the video only hints at it.  I ask again, though:  WHERE IS THE DVD?  If ever a concert title screamed for DVD release, with the better picture  and sound that would be available, it is this title.  Somebody needs to get  on the ball about this.  Call me when it's ready for release -- I'll be  right here.
0790737345|5.0|&quot;Did you ever get the feeling that there's something bigger out there, bigger than you?&quot; <br />'City of Angels'is about an angel who 'falls' in love with a 'human', but is bigger than that. Director Brad  Silberling creates a movie about the essence of life. His tools are Academy  Award winning director of photography, John Sealeand composer Gaberial  Yared to score the movie. Enhancing this movie are two American icons,  Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan and a Grammy rich soundtrack which features;  Alanis Morrissette (Uninvited), Sarah McLachlan (Angel),Paula Cole (Feelin'  Love), Jimi Hendrix (Red House) and the Goo Goo Dolls (Iris). <br />The  celestial love story begins when Seth, Nicolas Cage, the angel, comes to  claim the life of a heart patient. Maggie Rice, Meg Ryan, is the patient's  doctor. There sult of this loss to Maggie is devastating. She begins to  question life itself, &quot;We fight for people's lives...don't you ever  wonder who it is we're fighting with?&quot; Witnessing her heartache, Seth  tries to comfort,console and heel Maggie, but he too begins to question  things. &quot;She looked right at me.&quot; He tells his friend Casiel.  Leading us to believe he sees more in Maggie than her pain. <br />Lovely lines  of dialog exchange between Seth and Maggie throughout the movie, but few  more powerful than their first meeting. <br />&quot;Are you a  visitor?&quot;says Maggie.  &quot;Yes.&quot;  &quot;Well, visiting hours  are over.&quot;  &quot;Why do they have that?&quot;  Seth asks.   &quot;What? Hours?&quot;  &quot;Doesn't it help the patient to be  visited?&quot;  &quot;Are you in despair?&quot;Seth.  &quot;I lost a  patient.&quot;  &quot;You did everything you could?&quot;  &quot;People  die.&quot; Seth  &quot;Not on my table.&quot;  &quot;People die when their  bodies give out.&quot;  &quot;It's my job to keep them from giving out, or  what am I doing here?&quot;  &quot;It wasn't your fault, Maggie.&quot;   &quot;I wanted him to live!&quot;  &quot;He is living, jus tnot the way  that you think.&quot; <br /> In Seth's attempt to help Maggie he creates a  confusing mess of feelings for her and himself. No spoilers here, but this  love story makes us think and wonder. 'City of Angels' is complete and  feels like home. Like many things in life that we take for granted... Seth  discovers, a sigh, a flower, blood, love and breath. Like a child they are  all new to him and they are for a brief moment new to us as well. <br />Also,  like much of life we are always searching and questioning. Seth believes he  has found love and has a to choose between God and Life as a mortal. What  are your soul searching questions? This movie makes you ask yourself that  question. <br />Through powerfully tuned cinematography and a deeply moving  score, City of Angels, the film, is allowed to whisper in your ear. Listen  to the rich dialog, harmonious character interaction and robust story  telling. It does it with wit and charm. Once seen and heard you will never  forget it. <br />This brings to mind what I believe sums up 'City of Angels'  to me, emotion means the movement of the mind brought on by something which  affects it... <br /> &quot;Your mind and your feelings become to powerful and  you just can't contain it...and your body weeps.&quot; <br />I was affected  and I wept.
0399128964|5.0|Simply the best novek I have read. This not just a sci-fi novel. The world created by Herbert can only suit a envoirement in future. The story starts somehow complicated but soon you will discover the intelligence of the author. If you haven't read it yet, this must be first thing you have to  read.
B0000062GK|5.0|Well Boys 'n Girls time to go to school!!! The songwriting on this album  is the most innovative I've heard since the early Allan Holdsworth days.   But the catch is that you don't have to be a guitar &quot;nut&quot; to  appriciate some of the best tunes written in the past ten years.  My  favorite album handsdown. A must for all........
B00000K0DQ|5.0|Fine as a story only and Sarandon+Penn starred OK. Attractive by all means , that is why I give it 5 stars. Faced with the real fact, however, same deserves a lot of sharp reactions, and it is amazing those who think it is  a 5-star movie indicate wrong reasons. However classical, simple and cliche  the question ''how would you react if  the victims were your loved ones''  sounds, it still reflects some logic. Terms of both religions and so-called  modern civilization might consider capital penalty ''lust for revenge '' or  ''victims-sided act''. It is also true that a punishment should depend on  the circumstances which leads to a criminal motive. However in THIS   particular story, NO circumstances can be found  that may make one think  the captital punishment is too much for the crime committed.  The nun's  approach to the prison inmate was abhorrent, and what kind of reaction she  had expected from the parents of the dead upon begging sympathy,  forgiveness or understanding for the criminal is sone good question that  needs a reply. Both humanity and inhumanity reflects man's character, so  does capital punishment. Which makes me wonder whether some of those have   come from the moon or other planets.
B00003Q438|3.0|The special edition of this movie does help explain some plot holes that seemed missing in original version.  The digital transfer of the movie gives it a better and more real-life like feel of the underwater world.   The aliens are more powerful than it was shown in original version.  The  submarine was brought down on purpose not accidentally probed.  This movie  though tediously slow-paced would have gotten a five star if not for the  sound.  The sound is subdued and even the score which sounded great 10  years ago feels underperformed in this movie.  NOW, I know why the Abyss  may be in Dolby Digital sound but it is NOT 5.1 discrete.  It is in at best  5.0 which is a combination of Digital surround and pro-logic front.  MY  PROGIC LOGIC DISPLAY BUTTON is on at all times throughout the movie.  Think  about it how else could he put two versions of a 2+ hour movie on the same  disc.  Lastly, that is some cool tidal wave at the end.
0767814622|1.0|With reference to this film (and those who rate it with 5 stars, concentrating on what the prison inmate experienced, regardless to the reason why he had been put in jail) , I suggest a new film  should be made  in reply to a question - what if the man had not been caught in Istanbul  Airport upon his departure. (Drug offense was minor- or major, so what?)  A  film about some youngsters buying the drugs from this guy at any price,  then doing everything to find money to be able to afford the drugs on which  their very existence depends, then eventually ending up in some clinics to  beat up the addiction (how much they could be succesfull - that is another  question) at a cost as high as (or higher then) what they have paid for  this poison. Not to mention the depression, crisis and agony they bring  upon themselves and their closest people, during the use of the poison and  during the treatment. Imagine all desperate and ruined lives !  You do not  have to be pro-Turkish, if you are logical enough , you will judge the  facts without prejudice.
0684171600|5.0|Robert Louis Stevenson played a big part in my young life -- he and Edgar Rice Burroughs started me reading in earnest and kept me reading. Unlike some of the reviewers below me, at 9 I had no trouble at all comprehending Treasure Island or anything else Stevenson wrote.<br />Full-blown characters,  and what a passel of them. The story runs on from the start like a runaway  freight train. The duplicity of Squire Trelawney and Dr. Livesey versus the  cunning of Long John Silver made for excellent conflict. Captain Smollett  was the right kind of leavening.<br />And even after all his conniving and  treachery, Stevenson was able to give Silver a certain likeability -- I  wasn't unhappy to see him sail away, and neither was Jim Hawkins.<br />Of  course, even with all his initial innocence, Jim Hawkins came from just the  right mold, believably apprehensive and fearful when that was called for,  but able to rise to essential occasions.<br />This wonderful story was praised  more eloquently than I can by culzean7@cs.com below.<br />It's a pity that  school teachers still force-feed good stuff down the throats of kids today,  then turn them loose to plaster graffiti all over these review pages. With  all the Judy Blume lying around, why waste the likes of Stevenson and  Steinbeck and London on them?
0670880728|5.0|Even though I have entered the ranks of the &quot;smug-marrieds&quot;, I found Bridget Jones absolutely delightful!  She is me as a &quot;singleton&quot; completely!  Any single female can relate to this  character in every way.  I didn't want to put the book down, and after I  finished it, I missed Bridget and her friends.  I can't wait to read the  next one!
0060977493|3.0|After reading Arundhati Roy's novel The God of Small Things, I feel that it deserves both criticism and praise.  I criticize The God of Small Things on several points.  First of all, the first half of the novel lacks  action, but the second half makes up for it.  The first half elaborates on  each character's past and builds up for the second half, in which most of  the action occurs.  The first chapter especially confused me because it was  too long and it changed scenes, places, and time too quickly.  In the novel  as a whole, I feel that there were too few happy and joyful moments to  contrast the permanent, underlying sadness.  These happy moments would have  highlighted the sad moments even more.  I also criticize Ms. Roy for  randomly placing Indian dialogues and rhymes in the novel because they  irritated me.  What makes this worse is that she chose not to translate  them, which irritated me even more.  These Indian dialogues and rhymes were  unnecessary and served no purpose.  Additionally, there were many redundant  phrases that were not necessary to be repeated. For instance, phrases such  as &quot;A viable die-able age&quot;, and &quot;Little man.  He lived in a  cara-van. Dum dum&quot; appeared in almost every chapter of the novel.  I  further criticize Ms. Roy for making some scenes overly detailed.  For  example, the scene at Cochin Airport was much too long and therefore overly  detailed.  On the other hand, Sophie Mol's long-awaited drowning scene was  way too short, simple, and plain, even though this scene should have been  the most climactic and exciting scene.  These two mistakes on Ms. Roy's  part ruined these scenes and lessened their significance.  She also  deserves criticism for not making it obvious that Estha and Rahel broke the  &quot;Love Laws&quot; during their final scene.  My last critique of Ms.  Roy's first novel concerns the role of Velutha.  Velutha was a very  important character in the novel, but unfortunately he played a very small  role in it. His role and participation in the novel should have been  increased and extended throughout the whole novel. This novel should not  only receive criticism, but it should also receive praise.  I also  praise the God of Small Things on several points.  First of all, the title  of the novel perfectly sums up the novel to people that have read it, yet  it intrigues people who have not.  I praise her for not placing the scenes  in chronological order because this created excellent foreshadowing,  dramatic irony, and it made the novel a bit more exciting.  Her  italicization and capitalization also proved to be effective because this  technique emphasized the tone, the mood, and significance of things, such  as &quot;Estha Alone&quot; and &quot;Infinnate Joy.&quot;  Her extensive  vocabulary also contributed to the novel.  I especially praise Ms. Roy for  being able to briefly summarize, sometimes metaphorically, complex emotions  and situations.  Examples of this technique are &quot;Oxford Moods&quot;,  &quot;the Play&quot;, &quot;the Terror&quot;, and &quot;Estha occupied very  little space in the world&quot;.  Her portrayal of the children's innocence  was also great.  She did this by giving them childish ambassador names and  by referring to Rahel as &quot;Love-in-Tokyo&quot; and Estha as  &quot;Spoiled Puff&quot;.  I also applaud Ms. Roy for her great portrayal  of the major evil character of the novel, Baby Kochamma, because she was  the character that I loved to hate.  Towards the end of the novel Baby  Kochamma became even more evil. Furthermore, by presenting each character's  history different sides of each character's personality emerged.  Finally,  I commend Ms. Roy for her bravery regarding the portrayal of India.  Although I criticize The God of Small Things just as much as I praise it, I  feel that for her first novel Ms. Roy has done an excellent job in creating  a novel with a great amount of originality.
0446605409|4.0|From possible terorrist biological contamination to lust to pirates treasures, DeMille covers it all. Well developed characters &amp; a twisting, turning plotline, left me wanting more.
0375703764|4.0|Danielewski's book has a very original approach to telling a horror story.  While there might be some comparisons to The Blair Witch Project, the book doesn't have that film's immediacy, but fortunately, it also doesn't have  its tedious argument scenes.  The detached nature of certain parts of HOL's  narrative makes this book a little less effective than it might have been  -- in other words, there are times when we're reading someone's  interpretation of another person's transcript of someone else's home videos  -- but the way in which the story is told is fascinating, and there are  some genuinely spooky moments.  Danielewski employs themes of loss,  separation, fear, and love to excellent effect in all three narratives.
B000022TSF|5.0|The lord from chi-ca-go states in so many words that Chinatown is a flawless film. It is my duty to set the record straight:<br />The asian gardener says &quot;very bad for glass&quot; referring to the grass he is  tending. This suggests that asians pronounce R's as L's, when in actuality  it is the other way around. i.e. lucky would be pronounced  &quot;rucky&quot;
B00003Q438|5.0|The Abyss is a great piece of work by a director that really knows how to stir up your senses. Many of the underwater scenes really give you a feeling of the dark, cold, hostile environment in the deep ocean.  Combined  with a great story, this film is one of my all time sci-fi favourites. Look  and sounds great on DVD.  The special edition DVD is also filled with an  endless list of extra features.
B000002NFM|5.0|The Prodigy were practically the first ones to use the electronica style,  and they have taken it to new heights. They have only gotten better since  their first album &quot;The Prodigy Experience.&quot; This C.D. didn't  leave my C.D. player for three months after it came out. The two best  tracks on this album are definitely &quot;Breathe&quot; and  &quot;Firestarter.&quot; I can give no higher recommendation in the music  category than this album.
B00003Q438|5.0|The Abyss is a great piece of work by a director that really knows how to stir up your senses. Many of the underwater scenes really give you a feeling of the dark, cold, hostile environment in the deep ocean.  Combined  with a great story, this film is one of my all time sci-fi favourites. Look  and sounds great on DVD.  The special edition DVD is also filled with an  endless list of extra features.
0425170349|4.0|I was quite happy with Clancy's work on 'Rainbow Six'.  The book had continuous action and Clancy is famous for keeping the stamina high.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie is great. If you like Edward Norton, you will definetly want to see Fight Club. This movie keeps you interested the entire time, and throws you for a loop at the end. I would recommend that everyone see this film.
6305750750|3.0|I hate Jar Jar Binks. I Hate Jar Jar Binks. I hate Jar Jar Binks. I could say this forever and ever. This movie had some of the best special effects that I have ever seen. The Story wasn't half bad. But the acting, well it  was just pure carp (haha). Jar Jar Binks was annoying. This might have been  the most over hyped movie, but it was nothing compared to Princess Mononoke  ( the best movie of the year). It still had this Star Wars feel to it,  though, and that is a plus.  Obiwan and Qui Gon were awsome. I also liked  looking for all these little spoofs in it (a hidden race of ET's, Indiana  Jones and such). But why did they have to add laughter? Jar Jar Binks made  me cry he was so bad (well, not cry, BUT HE STUNK). I hate Jar Jar Binks. I  hate Jar Jar Binks.
0679777547|5.0|If you enjoyed Roman Polanski's new movie The Ninth Gate, then this book is for you. The Ninth Gate is based on Arturo Perez Reverte's masterpiece The Club Dumas and the film translation is near perfection save for the  deletion of The Three Musketeer tie in within the book. Plus, the book  offers many more twists and hidden meanings to contort your mind to months  after you have finished. All this and more makes The Club Dumas a novel  with immense staying power in your personal library.
B000002TQV|5.0|Although I have many favourite albums and know all the 'classics', I still hold my initial opinion of this album and I still think it ranks among the Abbey Road's and Wish You Were Here's of this world. Quite simply, it is  brilliant. There are no bad tracks here. The melodies are catchy yet not  predictable at all. Even if you don't listen to the whole of this album  (you'd be a fool if you didn't), you HAVE to hear Fake Plastic Trees. It is  the best masterpiece inside an album of masterpieces!  Thom Yorke's voice  will astound you. The emotion covered in this album is vast. It can make  you cry because of its beauty. To the person who called Korn real music -  you cannot even begin to pretend that they hold the same melodies as  Radiohead. Although I like them, they just don't compare - in musical  competence or tunes.<br />Anyway, this album should be rated 11/10 or more. In  other words, the next button you should press is the buy button.
0385493800|1.0|I was really disappointed - none of the trademark Grisham character development, courtroom drama or story development. Don't bother with this one - save your money.
B00000064G|5.0|I thought with all the new found attention the song is getting (due to the very nice VW commercial) I'd add this to my reviews.<br />This is a classic collection of short, soft-folk driven music with amazing guitars and lyrics  to die for. It's certainly is nice to see everyone finding out about his  music...finally. Artists like Belle and Sebastian certainly have Nick to  thank for their own style here in the new century. Like Ian Curtis after  him, Nick was a genius for the ages. He was a more dark artistic type a  songwriter, one who was simply a special unique voice way before his time  or ours.<br />please feel free to check out my other reviews.
B000023VR6|5.0|The new Dr. Dre CD is super dope!  Every track on it is good.  Putting  Eminem and Dre together was a great idea and they are the best rap team  around.
B000002KDS|5.0|ALICE COOPER;KILLER;1971;ALICE COOPER,DENNIS DUNAWAY,MICHAEL BRUCE,GLEN BUXTON,NEAL SMITH...EVERY ROCK AND ROLLER SHOULD HAVE THIS CD...Frank Zappa's influence on this band shows everywhere,(he was the best thing to  happen to the Alice Cooper Band)he got them headed Straight into Rock and  Roll History, as they influenced a generation, while at the same time ALICE  COOPER BAND'S name alone caused fear and anger among parents and religious  teat mongers...if you listen to all of the backing vocals &amp; chorus that  is Frank's influence.(was that alice on the cover of Hot Rats?)...KILLER is  filled with top notch guitar maddness on each track,not one weak track  here, each song hits hard...Alice's voice is strong,and forceful...The band  is tight,with alot of tricks to keep your attention...KILLER has KILLER  LYRICS; KILLER GUITARS; KILLER VOCALS;and A KILLER GROUP OF MUSICIANS;  ALICE COOPER(the original band)SHINES like never before and rarely  after..KILLER is before Big Al became the self proclaimed star of the show  (and gave up alcohol) KILLER is a HOT sample of one of the 1970's HOTTEST,  most influential ROCK and ROLL BANDS at their FINEST...THE ALICE COOPER  BAND;KILLER it is great music....Listen for yourself....
0671042858|3.0|idont think this book was as good as his others it didnt scare me. it  wasnt what i expected.
B00003CWL5|5.0|American Beauty is a modern day tradgey. It is easy for me to see how some people can find it funny, and other appalling. The bottom line here was not so much the disfunctionality of the family but how if you look with the  right perspective every little thing in life can be beautiful. How it is  never too late to change, and how percious life is. Kevin Spacey's  character opens narrating and states that he will be dead in less than a  year. I think this clues you in on the fact that this film is not meant to  be a happily ever after. As for your children seeing this and seeing a  family that has grown a part and a best friend without morals... You can  not shelter them forever. This film is about a reality that happens all the  time in todays society. Now I am not saying it is suitable for 5 year olds  but that is what ratings are for, If you are taking your children to see  films that are rated R in the first place you are only getting what you are  asking for... Contraversial and well written, but only appreciated by an  open mind...
6305750750|5.0|I will make my review baised on the theater version cause quite frankly, VHS has NO way of comparing to the original realese!  I really enjoyed the films didgital effects and the story was great as it focused on the  original story plot that was written in the 50's that started the whole  thing.  We see Obi Won and his mentor, and we found out who Anikin was  while he was young.  The story builds on the relation of the characters  well and sets up for what they will become later in the prequals, but I'm  thinking that if George were to release this film on DVD, the response will  be overwhelming!  Great addition to the saga and waiting for more!
B000001DQI|5.0|I am not too fond of early Elton John albums but this one is really great.My favorite piece of work here is the title track which I find to be one of EJ`s best songs ever. Actually, this is the only EJ CD from the 70s  that I really enjoy and can listen to several times a week.
052594527X|5.0|I loved this book--the spare prose, the lovely imagery, the compelling way the plot unfolded. I found it utterly charming, and unlike other historical novels, understated in a way that illustrates the writer's familiarity with  the period but doesn't use pretentious prose to make her point. Bravo!
B00000634L|5.0|This CD is perhaps the most listened to in my collection. I like every song. These guys are a lot of fun. They are meant to dance to. The highly rhythmic &amp; loud music that carries you into a frenzy of dance where you  loose yourself in it. (Private joke you'll get if you got the CD) the depth  of sound is great all in all a wonderful selection. Hopefully the movie gig  going on will get them some exposure because I'd love to hear more of this  funky cool vibe.
B00000JCOV|5.0|First I have to laugh at Riv and &quot;A Music Fan&quot; who totally trashed this CD. Those reviews are written by people who get mad at Slipknot for wearing masks because, admit it, at first glance they look  like they're just doing it to be cool, or by people who think that every  band besides Slayer sounds exactly like Korn. That's pretty sad really, so  I feel sorry that you can't hear good music. Anyway, this is actually a  really good CD. It's really heavy and the vocals are pretty fun to yell  with, especially Eyeless and sic. So go and get it, you'll like it.
630575067X|5.0|Unlike some of the reviewers, I must say that I quite enjoyed this film. I wasn't alive at the time of the original three, so I don't know about hype statistics, (E1 probably wins). I applaud George Lucas in his ability to  surprise us with a handful of somewhat fresh young faces. In a way, it's  better, because this isn't their only great film, ( like Mark Hammil). I  was surprised at Naboo's diversity. I was also dissapointed that Qui-Gon  Jin, ( the long awaited mentor of Obi-Wan) could not make it to E2. I think  that Episode One is another film in the great line of George Lucas'  masterpiece's, and that instead of slandering it for not being like the  original, praise it for  being a fresh new start to an old myth!
0435905252|3.0|I read this book for a college report, and, like most of my class, didn't much care for it.  The tale itself, though coming close to historical accuracy, is bland and dry.  The characterization is not developed or  presented in an interesting way, and, in essence, it's a book by a man for  male readers.  There is little depth.  There is also much repetition. For  example, chapter three, page 12: &quot;Okonkwo did not have the start in  life which many young men usually had.&quot;  Page 13: &quot;With a father  like Unoka, Okonkwo did not have the start in life which many young men  had.&quot;  It is difficult to relate in any way emotionally to the  characters, especially Okonkwo, and such makes it difficult to really care  what happens to them.  From a historical perspective, this book is worth  reading to learn how the British colonization of Africa effected the  Africans, but I wouldn't recommend it for enjoyment.
B000003S5H|5.0|I rave about Air with no shame. Their stuff is beautiful and grooved underneath- THIS IS THE ACME OF POP !
6305807086|5.0|OK Fine movie in its genre, with good acting, good ideas anddirection. Have anyone even heard about Monthy Python's Flying Circus?It is a British television series (also a permanent cast of humorists) based on absolute humour. The story of BJM, with all the gags and ideas is approximately ten minutes of programming in a Monthy Python show at the same quality (not the movie, the humour). Of course &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is still the preferred option to movies like &quot;Matrix&quot;.
B000000OSE|4.0|but Coma is my favorite song of all time !
B000002HMH|2.0|No, for me Reload is worst, but Load will never be a classical album like Ride ,'Master' or even the 'Black album' because there's no really good song. There is no 'Fade to black', 'Enter sandman', 'The four horsemen',  'Battery' etc ... For me take 'Bleeding me' and 'The outlaw torn' and  that's all
B000021Y77|5.0|This has to be one of the finest foreign action films I have ever seen. Kudos to the Germans on making this a fast paced, edge of your seat fantasy-action, soon to be cult- classic masterpiece. It puts forth  intruiging circumstances. What if you didn't miss the bus or what if you  bought that lottery ticket? In this film Lola and her boyfriend get to play  out three different outcomes to almost identical situations. The dubbing to  English is annoying at first but you get used to it. It is slightly off  emotion. This is a great addition to your DVD collection.
B000002UBU|5.0|I believe that American Pie is a song for all generations because it tells the history of rock and roll in one of the best two forms possible: poetry and music. It may only start out as talking about Buddy Holly, Vitchie  Valens, and J.P. Richerdson (a.k.a. the Big Bopper) but through all the  verses it talks about the Birds, Janis Joplen, Bob Dylan, and even  Woodstock. Don McLean was a musicain ahead of his time. but the whole album  is a great one not just American Pie. Don is a very talented song writer  and even though i may not have benn alive when he first recorded any of the  songs on the album i can tell from just one or two songs how talented he  was at music.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|This film is a classic comedy. Great characters, cool original story, great special effects (for that time). Thats not what makes this movie worth buying on DVD though. This DVD has the best special features I have  seen to date. The 3D menu is neat. The featurettes are interesting. My  favorite was the tricks and trivia option. With this you get to watch the  movie with information on the backgrounds of scenes and inside info on the  movie presented in the bottom letterbox. An awesome touch! With 5.1 sound  and widescreen features it makes this DVD a symbol to why DVD is here to  stay.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana, where have you been my friend? I know by looking you have been very prolific. Why you have not been heard in the stations around here (dallas) I have no idea.  This one is a must have. The un-mistakable sound  of Carlos' guitar singing out with a passionate cry of inner reflection  that goes deeper than the spirit of man rings out with every spiritually  inspired note from the opening to the closing of the entire CD. This CD can  fit in everywhere, from the jazz stations to the rock format. It can be  listened to for self inspiration, in the back ground of a any occassion, or  just sitting back while sipping on your favorite beverage, alone  contemplating the day. Genuis, the way only Carlos can interpet it. He  brings a new latino flavor to the jazzy Blues sound. Very well mixed and  unpretentious guitar crafting. He brings a new meaning to the term painting  with music. I only pray that he makes another one. I love the idea of  mixing the vocal line up. I can not find one song that I love more than any  other, nor can I find one that I dis-like. &quot;Leave Your Lights On&quot;  is acoustic rythm perfection which allows Carlos to shine with his Electric  on the solos. The percussions are Latin perfect throughout the CD.  &quot;Love of my Life&quot; has the perfect vocal combined with the emotion  of the tune. It makes me hope for the day that Carlos teams up with  'Sting'. <br />Try not to shake your head with the magic that Carlos evokes  with his soul stirring gutiar riffs in between vocals... I dare you. This  title definately fits.
6304795254|5.0|A control freak(Douglas) gets a gift from his brother. A &quot;ticket&quot; into the Game. Douglas is taken out of control once he is ensnared into this all to real Game. With a suprise twist ending, this  movie is great for suspense thriller fans. The first time I saw this film,  I kept thinking, what the hell is going on. I was captured by it, I  wouldn't even get up to go to the bathroom. This DVD is essential to your  suspense collection. Also, check out Sixth Sense and Usual Suspects.
B00001OH1S|5.0|This cd provides the most eclectic mix of jazz, carribean and european music I have ever heard.  The album will introduce you to artists such as Wasis Diop that you will search out, and classic performers like Nina  Simone you will learn all over again.  It totally captures the rich  textures of the &quot;Thomas Crown&quot; lifestyle.  My best buy of the  year.
0783225792|5.0|This is an entertaining Scorsese mafia take. With a brutally entertaining story and top notch acting, this film is stabbingly great. This movie easily fits in with the Big ones- the Godfather's and Goodfellas. This is a  must own for fans of the organized crime genre.
0375703764|5.0|A complex, brilliant work which, as the other reviewers have set forth, can only be compared to Pynchon.  House of Leaves is a thoughful, brilliant expansion of the structure of the novel format which challenges the reader  and entertains at the same time.  Thank God MZD is not wasting his time  writing a screenplay, as his staggering talent and imagination should not  be confined to 120 pages.
6305750750|4.0|This was Georges dream.  He wanted a movie full of great special effects, CGI backgrounds, tons of Digitally created creatures.  He really delivered. However, it is a far cry from the orginal, where lots of ideas had to be  invented for the first time.  I thought it was great...afterall I saw it  three times. If the next two can out do this one, george can proclaim  himself ruler of sci-fi.
0451169514|5.0|They were seven. Now they are six. They were 11-12 years old boys and girl.Now they are at their late 30's. They have to close some old bill they left open when they left their home town. In my own rank IT stand in the second place just after the Stand. but what a great second place. At the  end of the book you feel like you spent YOUR childhood with Bill and the  loosers. It's only weak point is its end. I expect something greater then a  drooling spider. but nevertheless its a very good one. Enjoy
B00003W8NM|5.0|I went into &quot;Fight Club&quot; thinking it was going to be another ego fighting ego movie.  I came out of Fight Club speechless.  It was one of the best, well written, well acted movies of 1999.  It was one of the best  I'd ever seen.  The direction was good, the angles were good.  You name it,  it was good.  If you're going to watch any Brad Pitt or Ed Norton movie,  make it this one.
B000002LFZ|5.0|this song is great... i like the whole album
0060987464|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ IN MY LIFE. FOR ALL OF YOU THAT ARE AGAINST MANSON, GET THIS BOOK AND UNDERSTAIND WHY HE IS THE WAY HE IS.
B00001ZWTT|2.0|Will Smith is becoming known as the guy to look for if you want a hit for your studio on the July 4th weekend. Wild Wild West was no exception, as it opened in the number one spot over the weekend, giving Smith the July 4th  title for three years running. <br />Let's just hope its 40% dropoff after  that first week was enough to enlighten Warner Bros. that Smith alone can't  carry the weekend - they actually need a script, too.<br />This isn't to say  the film had no redeeming qualities. Frankly, it's reasonably well-acted  and the effects are quality. What's being missed is character and reality.  I know what you're thinking. It's sci-fi/western/comedy, how much reality  were you expecting? How about enough so that a lynch-mob scene doesn't  culminate with Will Smith putting on a little Fresh Prince stand-up act  speech culminating with the line &quot;don't drum on a white woman's  boobies&quot;? Let's give the movie-going public a little credit, can  we?<br />Honestly, I have nothing but respect for Smith. He's a good actor and  a talented musician. But if he expects to continue to own that July 4th  weekend, he's going to need a script surrounding him instead of effects,  hype, and other talented actors.
0684833395|5.0|Fantastic.  A quirky and off-the-wall read.  Admittedly, the style took a little while to get used to, and I put it down a few times in the past until I had the patience to become accustomed to the stream of  consciousness nature.  Once I actually hunkered down and got into the book,  though, I was completely rewarded.  I have read no other book quite like  this, which I mean in the best possible way.<br />Don't expect to necessarily  retain much by way of a plot, or to remember all of the myriad of  characters that appear.  Do prepare to be thoroughly entertained, however.  The book is completely unique and hilarious, and is prophetic in the sense  that its humor still applies to readers today, some 40+ years later.
B000021Y77|5.0|This was the first foreign-language film I've gone to see in the theatre, and it certainly didn't shy me away from seeing more. Tom Tykwer's unique writing and direction made this bizarre, pulse-pounding movie thoroughly  enjoyable.<br />Yes, the plot is pretty simplistic. But the trick is taking a  step back from the plot to see what the movie is really about: Fate,  chance, and how twisting one tiny little occurence can spiral a  &quot;predetermined&quot; course of events in an entirely different  direction. This movie has nothing to do with its plot.<br />The music and  images make this a truly beautiful movie to witness, and it's so far held  up to repeat viewings without boring me in the least. You'll be seeing more  from Tykwer. And even if you don't, see this one -- it's certain to  surprise you.
0451160916|5.0|If you are debating over whether to buy this book or not, debate no further!  Buy it, sit with your back against a wall and the door in plain sight!  This is the best novel of any genre I have ever read.  The  development of the characters is phenomanal, and the way Stephen King holds  together the compelling story with basically only three characters is the  most amazing feat of writing I have ever read.  <br />The story of the  Torrence family and the ordeal they face at the Overlook hotel is not one  you will forget.  I borrowed the book off my sister and was so impressed I  immediately ran out and bought my own copy.<br />The scene with the hedge  animals is one of the scariest I have read.  Stephen King creates suspense  marvellously and scares the pants off anyone who dares to read it.  He also  understands the power of a person's imagination and uses this knowledge to  pull off some terrific terrifying scenes.  Buy it and enjoy!
B000002UA5|4.0|Some think that the studio CD is a little wierd, but come on a lot of Floyd is really tripped out thats what makes them so good. I really like both the studio and live CD and considering the recent loss of Syd to the band this album is excellent. Definately worth the price. If you like a  lot of the newer stuff like Pulse you may not like this that much, but if  you love Floyd then this truly a great CD to buy, I particularly like the  song &quot;Grantchester Meadows&quot;.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This cd would have to be one of my favourites.  The haunting qualities of 'Exit Music (for a film)' (which, by the way, is the exit music for Baz Luhrman's Romeo and Juliet), the mishmash of genres in 'Paranoid Android',  the hypnotic, almost scary, tones of 'Karma Police' and the just goddamn  greatness of 'Lucky', and all the rest of the songs, combines to make a  truly great album.  I have heard it been proclaimed as the best album of  the century and I think whoever said that is pretty close to the mark.  If  you only have one album in your collection, make sure this is it.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album will probably go down as the pinnacle of Billy Corgan's career (along with, y'know, those other Pumpkins James Iha, D'Arcy, and Jimmy Chamberlain).  It's rather hard to classify this double-CD set, not because  it jumps styles, but more that it forms its own.  Too poetic for punk yet  too strong for art rock, Corgan's music and lyrics have a mix of both  honesty and mystery.  I personally feel the strongest tracks are  &quot;Zero&quot;, &quot;1979&quot;, and the song that describes my life  better than any other, &quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings&quot;.  Yes, those  are also pretty much the biggest hits of the album, but I take that more as  a sign of encouragement that people actually listened to the best songs.   Oh yes, also buy Siamese Dream, the other high point of SP's strange  journey. The two albums fit together like...well...I guess just two things  that fit together perfectly.  Until next time, kiddies.
B000001G53|5.0|Fantastic recording of Wagner's final music drama. Emphasis is on the  orchestra  but the cast is first rate too. The atmosphere is full of  mystery. The performance of the orchestra is haunting. Karajan's conducting  is spellbounding! Much of the beauty of Wagner's score blooms under  Karajan's baton. The music suits perfectly Karajan's unique sound. One of  the best Wagner recordings ever!!!
B000002HH9|5.0|Cure fans whine and complain all the time over Wild Mood Swings.  No, it's not pornography, faith, or disintegration.  It doesn't leave you feeling depressed or wanting to commit suicide.  It's leaves a different aftertaste  in your mouth than what's usually expected.  And because of this, fans are  all too quick to write off Swings as a poor effort.  Quite the contrary.   It's a combination between gloomy frowns and strawberry smiles.  If  anything, Wild Mood Swings expresses how meaningless a godless,  consumeristic life is.  &quot;Want&quot;, &quot;Club America&quot;,  &quot;The 13th&quot;, &quot;Strange Attraction&quot;, &quot;Jupiter  Crash&quot;, and &quot;Bare&quot; are all beautiful songs.  Songs like  &quot;Numb&quot;, &quot;Gone&quot; and &quot;Trap&quot; are subpar with the  rest of the album.  However, when you play Wild Mood Swings from beginning  to end, these songs really add a lot of flavor -even if they don't sound as  great alone.  Overall, Mood Swings is far more abstract than any other  album the Cure has ever done.  It's an experimental reflection of our  culture's happy-on-the-outside, empty-on-the-inside mentality of the mid  90's.
B0000033RY|4.0|This was the first rock group that I listened to as a young teenager. For power, raunchiness this was the ballsiest music I ever heard. It wasn't until I heard Deep Purple IN ROCK did anything compare with regard to  power. Not for the feint of heart.
B000002L42|2.0|as Much As I Dig Steely Dan&amp;Their Genius The Live thing just doesn't  cut it.The arrangements&amp;Music don't add nothing to the music.Just stick  to the Albums.
067158037X|5.0|I am not a highly educated girl. But I love to read. I love to read easy reads. This book was a beautiful read. The tape read by Mr. McCourt just makes this a complete experience. I like the direct style of Mr. McCourt's  writing. How dull to read some of the other &quot;best sellers&quot; with  their 10 adjectives and 3 adverbs per sentence. How nice to read this  book... that a sentence could be 2 to 4 words. It took me years before I  decided to read this book, as I do not like to read mainstream books. I am  glad I did.
B000021XS0|3.0|Dream Theater only partially succeeds with Scenes From A Memory.  This is more technical metal than progressive metal.  The two are not the same but somehow have become warped and twisted into one genre.  This isn't Dream  Theater's fault, they are likely making the kind of music they want.  But  if you are looking for songs instead of &quot;musical masturbation&quot;,  look elswhere.  Admittedly, the songs that are present on Scenes are very  good but there are not very many of them.  <br />I was hoping for progressive  metal with this album.  Instead, I hear technical metal with some  progressive music scattered here and there.<br />If you're looking for true  progressive metal, go pick up an album by Eternity X.  True progressive  metal cannot be found on Scenes From A Memory, no matter what Dream  Theater's arrogant fans belive.
B00000BKE1|4.0|Not one of Maiden's best albums, but rather one of their better ones.  I pity the fool who doesn't like the title track and I definetly pity the fool who does not like &quot;Afraid To Shoot Strangers,&quot; partically  because those songs are my favorites from this album.  I like every song on  this album except for &quot;Fear Is The Key&quot; which is stupid.  If  anybody reads this review, I say don't be afraid to get this album...at  least until you get all of Maiden's golden-era albums first.  The Number Of  The Beast, 7th Son, etc.
1577311523|5.0|This book, which I am only half way through, is the most meaningful I have ever read. If you seek answers, here is where I would suggest you begin. If you have ever wondered how the Buddha or Jeshua or any enlightened person  would speak to you today, look here.
B00004LN16|5.0|AC/DC rocks this album harder than i've heard them in a long time.Lyrics are not repetitive as some viewers say,besides it doesn't matter what Brian says as long as it sounds like rock &amp; roll.Their bluesiest since High  Voltage,and Powerage.Their most in your face rock since Back in Black and  For Those About to Rock.Best tracks are:SUL,MELTDOWN,SAFE IN NEW YORK,and  SATELITE BLUES.
B000002BUY|5.0|Incubus' 2nd CD is a definite departure from Enjoy Incubus.  This CD is pretty heavy.  There are still almost no down points though.  The only part I don't like is &quot;Magic Medicine.&quot;  It is an entirerly sample  track with some bass and drums.  The band are all really good musicians and  Brandon Boyd (also known as Brandon of the Jungle, Cornelius, and Invisable  Floating Torso Man) has a great voice.  The songs here are more metal than  anything, the only departure is &quot;Summer Romance (Anti-Gravity Love  Song)&quot;  It is a sweet, slow song, jazzy, and with a sax!  The entire  CD is great, highlights include: &quot;Redefine&quot;, &quot;New  Skin&quot;, &quot;Idiot Box&quot;, &quot;A Certain Shade of Green&quot;,  &quot;Summer Romance&quot;, &quot;Deep Inside&quot;, and  &quot;Cologne.&quot;  I realize that that is almost the entire CD, but it  is that good!  Not to sell the other songs short though, it is solid all  the way through. There is also a program for your computer.  It consists of  a game, kinda like the one on Encarta (Maze)  When you win you get live  footage.   This is an incredible CD!
B000002UUX|4.0|At first I thought it was average at best,but the more i've listened to it the more I like it especially Holy Wars...,Hangar 18,Five Magics,Lucretia,and Tornado of Souls.Megadeth has a certain anger raged  sound in their music and riffs that only a few others have, thats what  makes them so good!
0553573411|5.0|The best one out of the series!  Beautifully written andundeniably intriguing, Robin Hobb keeps the reader enthralled untilthe very end.  I highly recommend this book along with the others in the trilogy and her other series, the Liveship Traders.  Read at all costs!
0792151712|4.0|It's interesting to note that almost all of the customer reviews here from England (and most from around the world, for that matter) are positive. We North Americans know the British are a lot smarter, more sophisticated than  us, so let's take their word for it, it's a good film! Yes the plot and  characterizations involving the main characters might come across as thin  or unoriginal but for a historical flick this movie is a lot more  entertaining than one of those equally long and much more slow-moving  Swedish dramas! The reason most people like this film is because whatever  its faults, it never ceases to be emotionally or dramatically engaging.  Some of the reviews are quite mean, subjective and unfair. What most harsh  critics of this movie seem to dislike about it isn't so much the film as  much as the fact that it was so over-hyped.
630575067X|5.0|This is the best movie ever!  I believe this is the best star wars movie out yet. It is action packed and super graphical!  If you don't want to waste your day, April 4th rent this bad boy out!
0201633612|5.0|Cannot believe it only has a 4.5 rating. It should be rated 5 stars.
0393312836|5.0|What else can I say about this bolshy great horrorshow book that hasn't already been said? Nadsat, live on! Real horrorshow and savage!
B00003CWQ2|5.0|but I did see the movie.  Twice.  And best of all, I read the novel first.  If you didn't catch the underlying theme that society is overly-dependent on crass commercialization to find happiness, then please don't bother  watching the video or DVD version of this film.  Oh yes, there is the  slight matter of anarchy born of dissatisfaction with our daily lives, but  that is only one of the layers within the pure genius of the novel and the  screenplay.  The only disappointment for me was the Hollywoodization of the  ending.  The book offers a much more startling, yet quite possibly  realistic, ending to the story.  So if you haven't seen this film yet - get  the book and read it - then wait, impatiently, for the video rental  release, then hit yourself &quot;as hard as you can,&quot; and wonder why  you were lame enough to ignore the film when it was released to the  theaters.
6302491940|4.0|The Italian Job<br />The classic which made minis popular, this excellent film benefits from an enjoyable plot and brilliantly hilarious characters, brought to life by an accomplished, Brit-led, cast, headed by Michael Cane.  If I had to make a criticism it would be the lack of musical accompaniment  during the climax of the film, making the gripping activities appear  somewhat everyday. But the films' ability to create intelligent humour in a  wholly believable situation means that it is a highly enjoyable film, well  deserving of its classic status.<br />8 out of 10.
B000002LAB|5.0|This albulm won 4 Grammies! It is one of my favorite albulms of all time! You need this in your collection! Most of it was written by Marcus Miller who does the Bass tracks, Omar Hakim on drums, and Robben Ford on Guitar.  It shows Miles progression into &quot;popular&quot; music soft and subtle,  pierced with Miles stinging horn. One track, &quot;portia&quot; is so  beautiful, its the perfect music to make love too!
B00002E23E|2.0|Anyone who owns any &quot;underground&quot; Zeppelin performances (or, for that matter, BBC Sessions) knows that this is NOT Led Zeppelin at their best.  In fact, the 73 tour may well have been their worst.  If you're a  fan, of course you have to own this, but if you're a REAL DIE-HARD FANATIC,  then send some blank tapes to someone in a newsgroup and get yourself a  copy of a performance from the early days or the L.A. shows of '77.  Then  you'll REALLY hear what Led Zeppelin was all about... and you'll realize  that 'The Song Remains The Same' was an unfortunate mistake.
B000002H97|5.0|This is possibly one of MetallicA's best albums. There is not a bad song on the CD. The first three and heavy as hell then the unforgiven calms you down a little then you get nailed with Wherever I May Roam Don't Tread on  me and Through the Never get you pumped up then Nothing Else Matters  relaxes you then you go out hard.
B000001FS3|3.0|Right off the bat: the first five songs are amazing, then the album falls over, only recovering with &quot;Mothers Of The Disappeared&quot;.  It's still a very good album, but it just seems like it's a detour on the route  of sonic exploration that began with 'The Unforgettable Fire' and resumed  with 'Achtung Baby'.  I appreciate the album because it does have six great  songs on it (which is six more than most albums by most other bands), and  its monstrous commercial success did give U2 the freedom to explore new  sonic territory in the 1990s, but I will never agree that it's their  &quot;best&quot;.
630438551X|4.0|I am not from the MTV generation but found this contemporary version of Shakespeare's play creative and exciting. The chaos of modern Miami had an almost apocalyptic feel to it with its garishness and clamor (though 15th  century Verona was also far more violent than most people suspect today).   The nerve-jangling gang wars of the movie were dramatically juxtaposed with  the tender encounters of the two young lovers, luminously portrayed by  Claire Danes and Leonardo diCaprio.  Shakespeare's language worked well  because great art transcends time and place and will therefore always be  &quot;contemporary.&quot; And what a great way of introducing young people  to imaginative dialogue, which they surely don't get in &quot;Titanic&quot;  or most other oeuvres of the modern cinema. Though all the elements were  not perfectly wedded, this movie is certainly a fresh take on one of the  great works of literature.
B00004LN16|5.0|There is no doubt that AC/DC is the greatest Heavy Metal band in the world, and STIFF UPPER LIP sure proves it.  The title crack is just awsome.  I could listen to the album forever and never get tired of it.  It just  rules.
0345350499|5.0|This was one of the best books I have ever read.  It contains all the great characters from the Arthurian legend and provides us with an in-depth characterization.  I loved the plot-line and the wonderful descriptions.  I  have recommended this to friends and they have read it and loved it.  This  is a slightly long book, but the intensity at which it was written makes  the pages turn quickly.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This album is different fron any other blink album.  it has more of a pop  edge to it. enema of the state combines not so serious songs with more  serious ones.  if you are mor of a pop person, this cd is probbably better  then their other cds for you. if you like punk, you will probably like some  of their older stuff more.        in my oppinion, the best songs on this cd  are &quot;don't leave me&quot;, &quot;Dumpweed&quot;, and &quot;going away  to college&quot;.
B000031WD9|4.0|This is definetly a film to get if you like comedies. It will have you laughing your pants off all the way through the movie. It is a perfect view of teen trauma through high school. There are so many aspects of this film,  that at one point in your teen life you will be able to relate to this  film. It has an excellent crop of aspiring actors and actresses who seem to  have a good vibe between them on film.<br />I would recommend this film as a  must see.
0060254920|5.0|This book is a true classic. It has withstood the transition from the television age to the digital age. When the gameboy is put away, the video turned off, the older child will STILL delight in that imaginative recreation made possible through the worlds and illustrations here.  It  allows fear to be expressed within boundaries of comfort and security - the  young mind can explore the possibilities of defiance and independence all  the while knowing their is the reassurance of love. And the possibility is  left open at then end for Max to be sure that there always is an  escape!<br />If anyone is looking for a book to buy for a young child, I would  recommend this (and any of the Hairy MacLary series by Lynley Dodd). I  reckon ths book is an ENTITLEMENT of childhood!
0553108034|4.0|This is a book I waited for (read it as soon as it was out in hardcover) and had high expectations on. I can say nothing but that it lived up to most of them.<br />The pace of the story slowes down somewhat, this is not bad  since it gives time to view and develop the caracters. It also enables  Martin to hint at new things to come (smart since this it makes me want the  next book). <br />The drawback of the book is that it occasionaly feels as if  most of the book is nothing but setup, sure some pretty dramatic battles  take place but the two real threats to the realm does not begin to move  untill the end of the book (and somehow you feel there is more to come).  This is not bad (and exellent buissiness) but I am afraid that Martin might  fall into the trap that Jordan (Whhel of time) and Pratchet (Discworld) has  fallen in. Two good writers who have discovered that they need not write  great books to sell anymore. This makes them produce lots of mediocre  instead of a few brilliant. But this is still an exellent work of fiction.  The caracters that interessted in the first book now storm forward in new  directions making you desperate for the sequal to see how they turn out.  <br />Why not five stars? Martin is an exellent fantasy writer but there are  (as said here and in what I wrote about &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;) a  few things that prevents him from beeing the best. However I am not so sure  enough in this that the next book might not change my mind.
B00000064G|5.0|I make no attempts at being cool, and had never heard of Nick Drake before the VW commercial.  The purchase of his album by those of us tragically less hip gives this deserving artist some overdue acclaim.  I was a bit  intimidated by the other reviews disappointed in those who purchased the CD  merely from the VW commercial, but am glad that I bought it anyway.   Welcome to the new generation of Nick Drake fans, and enjoy your new CD.
0141301155|5.0|This is a delicious and tasty book.  This book is amazing and tasty!  I was fascinated at how Dahl described all the food.  I wish I could see an Oompa Loompa!  I wish there was chocolate fish and chocolate spinach.  I would eat more fish and spinach if there were!  However, by the end of the  day, we might be bigger!I would recommend this book to anyone who need some  fun in their life!
B00000IGGA|5.0|Tom Waits' first REAL album release in six years sounds much more down to earth than, say for example, &quot;Rain Dogs&quot;. Maybe it's the move to the countryside, maybe it's Tom getting older, I don't know, but it sure as  hell sounds great... It's actually among his very best. Listen to songs  like &quot;Hold On&quot;, &quot;Hous Where Nobody Lives&quot;,  &quot;Cold  Water&quot;, &quot;Pony&quot;, &quot;Eyeball Kid&quot;, &quot;Picture In A  Frame&quot;, &quot;Chocolate Jesus&quot; or &quot;Georgia Lee&quot; and you  can understand why he is concidered to be one of the most talented -if not  THE most talnted - songwriters of our time. There's just so much humility  and warmth in his songs. Especially the lyrics are genious in some places,  and the sympathic sound of the instuments make their sound even more cosy.  This is the best album of the last year of the second millenium. Ain't that  something!
0446607274|5.0|Black activist attorney Howard Elias is murdered on the LA trolley named Angel's Flight. Elias has made a career of suing LAPD officers so the suspect list is as large as the LAPD itself. As the LA streets threaten to  erupt in another riot, Harry Bosch is forced to look at his fellow officers  for the killer. Harry's former partner is the number one suspect, but Harry  follows the trail outside the department to a pedophile ring. But will he  be able to prove his friend is innocent?<br />Another good Harry Bosch novel.  The characters are all well-drawn and believable, the plot is well-crafted,  the ending is poetic justice, and the writing is flawless. What more could  you ask for in a mystery? Highly recommended.
6305546789|5.0|In the genre of horror, there are few classics, and even fewer films that are high quality. Halloween came before all the dumb slasher films like Friday the 13th, Nightmare on Elm Street, Scream, I Know What You Did Last  Summer. Halloween shows what true horror is all about, suspense, minimal  gore and a good story. Carpenter does an excellent job of directing and  Jamie Lee Curtis brings just the right amount of seriousness to her part.  Made for less than half a million dollars, this film slices other films of  this nature, that were made for four times as much, in half. This is a must  have for any horror buff and for any film collector.
B00000JH09|5.0|The new millenium has brought forth another top-notch metal group.  System of a Down are set with original, catchy, and passionate vocals, combined with explosive and delicious music.  It would be impossible to choose a  favorite track, yet &quot;Spiders&quot; (their second, mellow hit single),  &quot;DDevil&quot;, and their marijuana-debate tune &quot;Peephole&quot;  stand out as metal classics. Do NOT be narrow-minded; System of a Down will  blow you away.
0060925000|4.0|A Suitable Boy,what a book!The very first thing I liked about this book was the size.I was 16 at that time and hearda bout the book in a quiz where we had to tell who the author of the book was.Had no idea, even the name of  the book seemd to be weird but later I found the book in the library.Those  days I was in 10th grade so didn't have much studies to do and had enough  time to sit and read a book,mostly in the nights before I go to sleep.It  book was great because it took me deep into the very personal lives of the  characters.The frustrations,and the tension of trying to keep up to the  expectations of the elders.Also the problems in relationships.The beauty of  losing one's heart to someone and the aftermath of the act.It gave a  beautiful and very clear picture of India and Indians.All the traditions  and customs of India.The grace and beauty of the clothes they where and the  women with their jwellery.I could borrow the book for only a month and when  I reached the 700th page it was time to return the book.Then came the  tension of exams and making up for the chapters not revised.I never saw the  book again and now I am too busy to track it down and finish reading it.One  day when i will be too bored with my life and have easy time with myself.I  will finish the book. It is a good book and seems to be very  personal.Reflects the emotions and feeling and the dreams of every Indian.
B00000JCOV|5.0|What can I say that hasn't been said already? Death metal followers don't approve, yet it isn't even death metal. This is music fellas. Welcome to the Open Mind.<br />Shredding guitars and bass, mind-blowing drums,  hard-hitting vocals, nice sampling and smooth melodies....what a great  group. The only complaint I have is that some lyrics are a tad bit  contrived (in &quot;Surfacing&quot;, an otherwise insanely fun song,  &quot;F**k it all, f**k this world, f**k everything that you stand for,  don't belong, don't exist, don't give a s**t, don' ever judge me!&quot; is  announced by the lead singer, 8). Yet they expand the senses without  sounding like pop crowd pleasers. Don't let their image and sudden rise to  the top fool you; these guys are downright awesome.  It's not a sin to  enjoy what has talent, even if it is making it's way to MTV (no! ) and  beyond.  But I do recommend you study it thoroughly before you listen to  see if it's your style.  Any level-headed, open-minded metalhead will  appreciate Slipknot. I sure as hell do.
6305750750|5.0|The film was great, but it is the least favorite of the four.  Why?  Jar Jar Binks!   I have no idea what George was thinking on that one.  We needed more Darth Maul.  George, DO NOT bring Jar Jar back for episode 2.
B00000JH09|5.0|The new millenium has brought forth another top-notch metal group.  System of a Down are set with original, catchy, and passionate vocals, combined with explosive and delicious music.  It would be impossible to choose a  favorite track, yet &quot;Spiders&quot; (their second, mellow hit single),  &quot;DDevil&quot;, and their marijuana-debate tune &quot;Peephole&quot;  stand out as metal classics. Do NOT be narrow-minded; System of a Down will  blow you away.
6305499365|1.0|I bought this video after reading so many great reviews of it.  Even coming from an office environment I found almost no really funny parts -- for me the movie just dragged on and on - I kept watching waiting for it to  pick up - up to the end...
B00003A9QL|4.0|This is really a good album but I have to be frank, the remakes of some of the old songs are not as good as the originals! For example, Master of Puppets, Fuel, For Whom the Bell Tolls, and Battery are all so much better  on the original albums. Don't get me wrong, the songs are pretty good with  the orchestra, especially No Leaf Clover, but I like the originals!
0767817486|5.0|Yes, everyone is entitled an opinion. This is a story or Billy Hayes who got caught trying to smuggle hash out of Turkey. Yes, he got caught and yes, he was punished. Should the punishment fit the crime? I don't think  that the punishment fit the crime.    I don't think that this movie was  bashing any country in general. It let us know that one country's  definition of crime and punishment may differ from another.     Rent or buy  this movie---watch it a couple of times---did the punishment fit the crime?     He was initially sentenced to 5 years-his case was then reviewed 3 years  later and he was sentenced to 20 years. Isn't this punishment in itself?  The fact that they could &quot;play with his sentence&quot; and punish him  for the same crime more than once.     I think that Billy paid his dues by  just knowing this fact.     This move defines the meaning of MERCY.
0140288503|5.0|There is much redeeming value in this read. It's a grippingaccount and a tribute to those who gave their lives.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I think this cd does not represent SANTANA. Other cds like samba pa ti are  very better
B000000OY9|4.0|You know, it blows my mind that such seminal Young albums such as On The Beach and Time Fades Away are unavailable while the likes of Old Ways and this are still out there...<br />But don't get me wrong, I really do like this  album. In fact, I like it a lot; I think it's the best thing Neil did  during his &quot;difficult&quot; years on Geffen. When I first heard LoW, I  hated it. Flat out hated it. I was still jonesing for the Neil Young of the  Seventies and this certainly did not fit the bill. But y'know, the songs  themselves were so strong that I eventually began to play it more and more,  beginning with Hippie Dream, one of Neil's best in any decade, on through  the shuffling People on the Street, Touch The Night with its choirish BV's,  I Got A Problem (rocking and funky, with great guitar), and even the  Devo-ish Pressure. This album comes across in a lot of ways like an attempt  to revisit Trans, and in my opinion LoW works much better. After my initial  reservations, I came to like Young's enhanced electric guitar and Steve  Jordan's flat-sounding electronic drums (I mean sometimes they sound like a  flat rubber stick on a wood block!)  As the years have gone by, I still  play Zuma or On The Beach or Tonight's The Night when I get in the mood for  some Neil, but once in a while, when I least expect it, I get an urge to  pull this one out and give it a spin. I always enjoy it, and I think you  will, too, with an open mind.
B0000020C4|5.0|I think that this is probably the best recording. Lea Salonga is my favorite Eponine and Colm Wilkinson just stuns me. I think that theses two alone bring great asset to Les Mis. NOt to mention all the other array of  talent, such as Ruthie Henshall (although I am torn between her and Patti  LuPone) and Michael Ball, I think he does an excellent job portraying  Marius.  Chills run up and down my spine during &quot;On My Own,&quot;  &quot;Bring Him Home&quot; &quot;A little fall of rain&quot; and &quot;A  heart full of love.&quot; These performers personally, do such a perfect  job.  I must admit I did not really like Judy Kuhn's Cosette, she is a  wonderful singer, she just isn't what I envision as Cosette, however the  whole recording makes it all worth while.  YOu should get this recording.  THis was the first musical that got me into liking musicals, and this  recording reinstated my love for musicals. NOw, I did get the highlights of  the CSR first and was somewhat partial but after serious thought realized  and I thought that was excellent too, but this one is my favorite.
B000002UB3|5.0|John Lennon called this album the &quot;granny album&quot; when it was released. The other 3 thought this was a fine recording for the time limit and material they produced. George Martin as there producer held this album  with much fondness.Diffrent views and opinions for the &quot;crew&quot;  that was actually there. Abbey Road released to the United States on  October 1,1969 is truely a remarkable piece of work.George's Something is  moving.My Mom loves this song.(Mother knows best)and Here comes the sun  really &quot;shines&quot;.Great guitar riff.Ringo's Octopus'Garden works  for him for some reason. If somebody else sung it,I think people would  say,&quot;Are you kidding?&quot;But for him,he does a great way of  presenting the song,from the way he sings it,to the added sound effects on  the recording.John's opening track Come Together is sung in a  &quot;hip&quot; manner. The phrasing along with the words are strange,but  it really does work.The other,I want you(she so heavy)was supposely the  only attempt at &quot;heavy metal&quot; for the Beatles. I think Helter  Skelter or even Yer Blues sounds more like Beatle metal then she so heavy.  The song does lack inspiration but Lennon wrote this for Yoko just  repeating his feelings out to her.If this was written 3 years earlier, I  think George Martin and the other 3 would have bumped this song.Paul's Oh  darling is well crafted and a real throat ripper! Max's Silver Hammer is  ok,it's light and clever and he sings it well.You never give...money is a  nice display of a song starting in one slow key then changes in the middle  like it's 2 diffrent songs put into one. The piano part in the begining I  really like.Thus begins the collaberation of Martin &amp; Mccartney. The  looping of all the short tunes that starts with Sun King thru Her  Majesty.It's too bad that the tunes did'nt last longer then a little more  then a minute!But what it's worth, both George Martin and Paul layed down  these songs the best they could given the material that was presented.I  think they wanted it like an opera with no fades or sudden ending. I think  they just wanted it to flow.I always thought the song Because was the last  time Lennon,Mccartney and Harrison would harmonize together.The old Ed  sullivan show clip when they did the song,&quot;That Boy&quot; when they  were standing together on one mike harmonizing. I see this in  &quot;Because&quot;. Just them standing together on one mike,harmonizing.  Beautiful.This was a unique album to end the turbulent 1960's and 6 months  later it would end 4 creative minds.
B0000020C4|5.0|I think that this is probably the best recording. Lea Salonga is my favorite Eponine and Colm Wilkinson just stuns me. I think that theses two alone bring great asset to Les Mis. NOt to mention all the other array of  talent, such as Ruthie Henshall (although I am torn between her and Patti  LuPone) and Michael Ball, I think he does an excellent job portraying  Marius.  Chills run up and down my spine during &quot;On My Own,&quot;  &quot;Bring Him Home&quot; &quot;A little fall of rain&quot; and &quot;A  heart full of love.&quot; These performers personally, do such a perfect  job.  I must admit I did not really like Judy Kuhn's Cosette, she is a  wonderful singer, she just isn't what I envision as Cosette, however the  whole recording makes it all worth while.  YOu should get this recording.  THis was the first musical that got me into liking musicals, and this  recording reinstated my love for musicals. NOw, I did get the highlights of  the CSR first and was somewhat partial but after serious thought realized  and I thought that was excellent too, but this one is my favorite.
B00000IGGA|4.0|As an avid fan with all his stuff I was a little disappointed with how similar to earlier songs many of the tracks are, but hell .... it's better than just about anything else that came out last year. Amongst my friends  and associates, those who know his work are moderately positive but those  who have never heard him before are astounded and enthralled ... which  should remind us not to take this guy for granted - the man's a legend!
B000021Y77|5.0|I rented this DVD online and was on the edge of my seat,glued to the screen and never blinked until the end! I hit title repeat right away and went amazon to buy one and gift-click four more to web friends.I will  remember this film forever!If Run Lola Run was up for a little golden man  it would expose the others as impotent,unoriginal bits of trash.
B000002KNY|5.0|Dark, difficult, paranoid, dense. Unapproachable. &quot;You oughta know not to stand by the window Somebody see you up there&quot; This is a seriously strange album which should be approached with caution. Suicide music to sing along to.  &quot;Do you remember anything here? No you don't and sounds fresher than ever. Malcom McClaren and Paul Simon claimed to mainstream world music but &quot;I Zimbra&quot; predates and exceeds their achievements.  Radiohead's &quot;OK Computer&quot; is perhaps unintentionally (but personally I think they own this album and took inspiration from it) part II of Fear Of Music.  &quot;I got three passports, a couple of visas You don't even know my real name&quot; Buy this record. If you don't like it, put it in a time capsule for when the aliens come.
B000002HMH|4.0|Okay, Metallica is the greatest band in the world,  no one else even comes close.  I couldn't care less how long their hair is, the main reason they cut it is because they stage lights and pyrotechnics fried it.  So what if  they don't play loud and heavy on this album.  I play guitar, sometimes I  want to play heavy music and somethimes I want to play light music with  some melody to it.  I would get pretty  board if I had the distortion on  all the time.  They have been playing heavy music for over 6 years before  this album, they played fast and hard at concerts almost everyday since  1982, I can understand why they wanted to tone it down a little.
B00000IQV1|5.0|Film raises fundamental issues of medical ethics worth personal and group thought.  The place of laughter for positive healing is quite convincing, and medically sound.  A must-see for every medical student and lay person  who want to know the value of laughter to better health and to learn how to  bring such helpful attitude to patients.  This point is made by Patch  Adams' (Robin Williams)  blown-up antics which makes the point  unforgettable.
6305180261|4.0|I've gotta say that this vid absolutely rocks in every way.It includes all of their best vids ,like &quot;November Rain&quot;. I could've done without that crazy vid &quot;The Garden&quot;,but I just fast forwarded.I recommend  this to anyone who is an avid GNR fan.
B00000IOSU|4.0|I bought this cd because I liked many of Sarah's songs but didn't want to buy all the different cds. I enjoy this cd since it has all of her hit songs and its like it is on a personal level. It is a great addition to any  cd collection.
B000021Y77|5.0|What difference do our choices make?  What is the role of fate? Watch this movie and find out!<br />After seeing this movie I had to say, Wow!  Steven Spielberg once said that you can judge a movie's worthiness by turning the  sound off and evaluating it after watching it (or part of it) that way.   This film passes that test and then some. The plot is not complicated but  the way it is presented is thought provoking and riveting.  The soundtrack  is impressive. The imagery and color are vibrant, crisp, and rich all at  the same time.  I don't buy a lot of movies but I immediately purchased  this one and the soundtrack on CD as soon as I finished watching the rental  DVD.<br />This is the kind of movie that will start popping up in film studies  and philosopy classes!
038533348X|5.0|This is my favorite Vonnegut book, and one of my most favorite books of all time.  This book shaped my views on religion and on life in general. Vonneguts writing is deceptively simple and easy to read.  His ideas are the kind that make you think, &quot;Of course!  That is what I have thought  all along, I just didn't know how to express it!&quot; Vonneguts main  characters are his ideas, and such is the case in this book.  You don't  necessarily identify so much with the characters, but with the ideas their  story illustrates.  This is a great book and I would, and do, recommend it  to anyone and everyone.
0385493800|4.0|I tried to save this book for a 5 hour plane ride, but once I started I could not resist it.  I actually forced myself to stop reading it for one day, but i couldn't help myself. It is refreshing to know that Grisham does not disappoint, even after all this  time.  What is depressing is the task of finding an equally gripping book  for that plane ride. Highly recommend this book!
B00003CX5A|1.0|How sad it is to see what hollywood does to American Folk Lore! The headless horseman didn't have a sword, he didn't have a vendetta and Ichabod sure wasn't a big time NYC lawyer. So sad to see a great American  Classic butchered --even sadder more people will now think this is the real  story.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Hey all you people out there who think Jennifer Lopez's CD is a waste of money, you guys are so wrong!  Her CD is constantly in my cd player and I bought this cd way back last year, the first day it came out and i still  haven't gotten sick of it. This cd is the bomb. All of you who don't like  her are just jealous and must be on something. she's my favorite singer and  i cannot wait till she releases another album. a great dance cd. As in the  song &quot;Feelin' So Good&quot;, Jenny you da bomb!
0395389496|5.0|My wife and I got this book as a gift and it has quickly become my 2 year old daughter's favorite book.  It's not even Christmas time and she still always asks for it when it is bedtime.  I think it is one of the best children's books we have, and we have quite a few.
6300268993|5.0|This is one of the best Superman films ever.Whoever thought this is bad,is very stupid.I LOVE IT!I can watch this over and over again and never get tired.I esspecially enjoy watching the extended TV version.This movie is a  masterpiece.
B000001C6M|5.0|1 - This is a great album, ALMOST as good as Reign In Blood.  2 - I agree that after Dave Lombardo left the band, Slayer's music suffered.  3 - Comparing Metallica to Slayer is absurd.  Metallica hasn't released a  decent album since Master Of Puppets and their riffs aren't nearly as  interesting as Slayer's.  On top of that, Metallica can now be categorized  as pop rock so it's apples and oranges.
6303212263|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite movies.It was put together the way that Superman should be.I cant wait to see the remastered special edition.
B000002C1X|5.0|Pink Floyd's THE WALL is a great collection of psychadelic and dramatic songs that connect together to tell a story about a young boy who goes through life with an obsessive mother, memories of a dead father, and the  pressure of sex, drugs, and rock &amp; roll. I think it is one of the most  popular rock albums ever created, next to KISS Alive and The Rocky Horror  Picture Show.
B00000DGXN|3.0|Perhaps this is unfair of me, but when I see five colossal names on the front of a cd cover, I expect an amazing record. These are all master musicians, and they play reliably, but not brilliantly. <br />Another problem  I had is with the recording itself. The piano sound is distant and tinny,  capturing little of Corea's signature rhythmic inflections. <br />Sometimes it  is possible to have a recording loaded with top shelf talent that is  disappointing. For example: Pat Metheney, Jack DeJohnette and Herbie  Hancock recorded a dreadful album arond ten years ago. <br />This album is  solid, but each player doesn't have a full voice, to my ear anyway. Too  many chiefs, not enough indians perhaps
0090006801|5.0|I have read all of Donald Burgett books and this one is as good as the others.  He proves again that he fought for all of us Americans and that we owe him and all his fellow soldiers everything that we have today.  As an ex-army Ranger I can relate to his hardships of living outdoors and can  picture everything he says. An outstanding book.
0780626486|1.0|Okay, I am not a huge Brendan Fraser fan but the only reasonwhy I saw this movie because of Alicia Silverstone, she's hot! This isone of the most boring movies I have ever seen. I thought it had bad acting too. Who would like this movie? I thought it was pointless. I didn't understand a bit of it. If I were you I would stay far away from this movie.
6305627401|5.0|This movie is great. No two ways about it.<br />The only problem, and it's a serious one, is that this DVD doesn't take advantage of being a DVD to include the scenes that had to get cut to get it the R rating. Come on, the  space is there -- put in the rest of the scenes!
6300214753|4.0|Better than Uncle Buck, better than Sixteen Candles, and better than the Breakfast Club. I thought this was one of the best movies of the 80's. I saw this on Comedy Central a couple of months ago and I liked it. But I  think if your only in middle school I think it's that kind of movie that  you want to watch over and over again and never get sick of it but once  you'll hit high school you'll probably think it's gotten boring and stupid  but it's still the best comedy movie ever made. I mean heck I'm in high  school and I think it's a great movie and I love that feraii!
B000002LMK|5.0|Neil Young gives grunge a good name.<br />&quot;Ragged Glory&quot; is melodic. Neil is someone who can actually sing and whose voice isn't like someone rubbing sandpaper in your ears with raspy cruelty.<br />Quality  performances and strong songwriting have always been an important part of  Neil and the Horse's music and this is no exception.<br />The distortion-fest  &quot;Mother Earth&quot; is pleasant to the ear through it's melody. The  solos are not a bunch of shredding and noise (unless intentionally  distortioned filled).<br />There aren't any weak tracks on this album but I do  have my favourites.<br />&quot;Country Home&quot; and &quot;White Line&quot;  are good rockin' tunes that remind us all of home and happier times and  places.<br />&quot;Over and Over&quot; - the joys and despair at the end of a  relationship. &quot;Love and only Love&quot; - great rhythm  guitar.<br />Although I, at first, hated &quot;Love To Burn&quot;, it grows. I  think the lyrics are stronger than the music as it makes me wonder when the  couple wonder how they came to the situation they are in.<br />This is a good  place to check out Neil's electric work if you prefer electric guitars to  accoustics. I also recommend &quot;Rust Never Sleeps&quot; and  &quot;Weld&quot; which was recorded during this tour.
B000031WD8|5.0|This movie is hilarious. I have this on DVD and it is one of my favorites. The outtakes were pretty funny too except when I ordered this movie on Pay Per View I got pretty disappointed that the movie was unrated and not the  original that was released in theaters but it's still funny. I just hope  that they will come out with a TV series one day called &quot;East Great  Falls High&quot; that would be sweet! Let me give you guys some advice the  rated version is the original version that was released in theaters and the  unrated version has the new scenes that wasn't in the theater. But if I  were you get the rated version because it's alot better than the unrated.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby music is awesome. I pity the fool who does not like it. If you don't have it, buy it!
6305657947|2.0|Yeah, thats right. She is a sagging old witch, and who needs to see this hag naked!
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Eclectic, refined, upbeat and mellow, the music on this album is a great treat to any pop lover. Waiting For Tonight is magical.
0887307280|5.0|I cannot give a higher recommendation of a book to someone who is considering starting (or running) a business of his/her own.  I owned 2 small businesses, I have an MBA, I worked at senior level finance positions for 2 Fortune 500 companies and I must say that the essential knowledge  that I have about the business world came from my association with Michael  Gerber.  I was a client of Michael's for a number of years and I spent a  great deal of time with him. Aside from the meaningful, rational and  workable concepts that Michael provides he stresses something that is much  more important.  It is the dignity and divinity of the human Spirit that is  the focus of his lessons.  It is about the transcendence from a struggle in  an indifferent world to an experience of the wonderful adventures that life  can provide.  Rather than losing oneself in a frustrating, demanding  subservience it is about taking dominion over your business and even more  over what your experience of life will be.  My time spent with Michael has  been rewarding beyond my ability to express.  I think that your practice of  his concepts will most certainly be rewarding to you.
B000002MP2|5.0|As I said in the title Green Day rocks!  they are one of the best punk bands around. This Cd has a lot of their well-know songs on it and that makes it all the more better!  So, I would strongly urge someone to go and  get this CD!
0345409671|5.0|I really enoyed &quot;Memnoch the Devil&quot; although I can see why some people didn't and were down right offended!   I had read all of the vampire chronicles except this one because I, too, was put off by it's &quot;religious&quot; theme.  But now I regret not picking it up sooner!    This novel is a great read and it makes you examine your own thoughts on  God and religion.  Readers need to come to this novel with an open mind and  just be taken in by the story.
B000001IPL|5.0|I can't say much about this CD, because words really can't described the GREATNESS of this CD!  The main reason thi Cd is so good is because it has so many of their well-know songs on it!  So I would stongly suggest that  someone would go and pick up this Cd RIGHT AWAY!
0790729628|4.0|What we have here is the finer points of DVD, adding to an already exceptional film.  With DVD, you get the crispness lacking on the VHS.  In addition this is the Director's Cut, the only version worth having.   Much  of the murkiness and picture is cleared up with this version. Definitely  worth picking up.
B00003CWPR|5.0|tom and nicole are outstanding in this movie an exellent film an exellent director
B000003S5H|4.0|If you constantly feel like putting a whole through the wall from all the rage and strain of everyday existence, you must have 'Moon Safari'. Put this disc on and you will feel like you're floating on air. Air's luscious  and sophisticated tunes don't test your attention span and they're very  easy on the ears. It often sounds like lounge music for the future, and  it's no surprise these guys are French. Highlights include 'La Femme  D'Argent','All I Need' and 'Sexy Boy,' while 'Ce Matin La' is a dreamily  languid tune that hits you like a cool gust of fresh air. Needless to say,  if you want pounding bass lines or thrashing guitars this album is  definitely not for you.
B00000FYIL|5.0|Shakespeare in Love, what else is their to say about the movie, but that it deserved picture and won.  The score is equally great, it brings out the unspoken words in the film.  This score did a wonferful job of bringing  across the love of shakespeare and viola.  it went form love at first   sight to the final farewell.  &quot;The End&quot; is one of the most moving  pieces I have ever heard.  It speaks of triumfe, sacrifice, and most of  love that will never end, but only get stronger with every passing moment.   Every cut helped to bring a tone and another character who speaks in  silence, but helps the movie to inforce the feelings it most wants you to  take away with you at the end of the film: love, and a bit with a dog as  Henslowe would say! Most of all it convays romance beyond words and life.
0767819543|4.0|Poignant story of a lost little boy trying to find his Father at a busy Brazilian train station. Although not a perfect film, the characters portrayed give such honest performances that you do tend to overlook the  implausibilties of the narrative. For example, why would a crusty and jaded  old woman travel across the country for a boy she hardly knows? Still,  'Central Station' seems to be a film that plays from the heart and to it's  credit, the schmaltz factor isn't over-played (at least not as much as it  could have been). Fernanda Montenegro wins you over slowly as Dora while  the little boy Josua (Vincius de Oliveira) is so stubborn and determined  that you can't help but want him to find his Father. Oh, plus there's  gorgeous scenery, too. Just don't expect 'Central Station' to be a glossy  Hollywood tear-jerker.
B00000064G|5.0|Although the newly discovered attention to this song seems to be by way of a television commercial, I must say that the folks at VW knew this album and the feelings it encompasses.  That much is crystal clear as one watches  the individuals surrounded by the clear night sky, who then decide to leave  a loud (obnoxious?) party, and never say a word.  Right on the mark  VW...kudos.<br />This album is incredible.  Nick Drake's material, in general,  is incredible.  But, there's something about this album that moves beyond  all the others.  It's something you can't quite place your finger on...but  you will understand.<br />For some, yet equally indescribeable reason, this  album in particular brings to mind Joy Division.  If you care to, follow  this album with &quot;Atmosphere&quot; by Joy Division, or the  &quot;Closer&quot; album in its entirety.<br />You will not be diappointed  with this one. Get a copy, drive to the most poignant place you have or  know of, and lay back and take in the beauty that surrounds you....and the  beauty this cd adds to it.<br />Something else to keep an &quot;eye&quot; out  for...Brendan Perry's latest release, and Peter Ulrich's solo effort.  Very, very beautiful.
B000002TQB|5.0|Think of everything synonymous with Great Britain and imagine those issues scrutinized by a group with as much cheek and wit as Blur. What results is a timeless album that encapsulates the good and the ugly of England in the  1990's. I can't imagine 'Boys and Girls' ever ageing to the point where  kids twenty years from now won't be humming along to it. 'Badhead' combines  clever lyrics with a hooky melody. The songs on 'Parklife' are varied and  show just what a talented band this is.
B000002UAR|5.0|I'm grateful for Amazon's feature of posting reviews, as it gives me this chance to tell you all about my very favorite album of all time, the Beatles' 1966 masterpiece `Revolver.' <br />The Beatles were always evolving,  from the days of collarless suits of 1962 right to the hippie days of  `Abbey Road,' 1969, and as a result, each Beatle album is a neat snapshot  of the group at a step of transformation. The snapshot known as `Revolver'  captures the Mod, paisley-shirted, granny-glassed John, Paul, George and  Ringo with only a smattering of resemblance to the Fab Four from those  black and white days of `I Want To Hold Your Hand' but on the other hand  they're not quite Sgt. Pepper and band yet. The previous album, `Rubber  Soul,' had the group embarking on some more interesting musical paths than  the albums which preceded it, but `Revolver' went even further. The sounds  were more colorful (\\"Revolver' is the most colorful album ever issued in a  black and white sleeve.)  All the songs still followed those so-called  \\"rules\\" of pop music of the day...standard verse/chorus structure, nice  melody, less than three minutes, but the Beatles were coming up with ways  of taking these old rules and putting new fire into them.  Of course, the  next step would be abolishing the rules and creating their own, but  `Revolver' succeeds by taking the norm to its limits rather than  challenging it. In short, the music is out-there, but with one foot (or  four) on the ground to keep it accessible.<br />Even if you don't own this  album yet, you are most likely already familiar with several of the songs.  Take a look at the tracklisting and note the good number of truly classic  Beatle songs, like `Yellow Submarine,' `Eleanor Rigby' `Good Day Sunshine'  `Got To Get You Into My Life,' and `Taxman.' But what's nice is that  `Revolver' is not only a highly enjoyable album by its own merits, but it's  also a good starting point if you are discovering the Beatles music for the  firsttime, as `Revolver' presents all of the things the Beatles were known  for. For example, the Beatles were known for inventive harmonies, and  tracks like `I Want To Tell You' and `Good Day Sunshine' feature some of  their best ever.  The Beatles were also known for producing fine softer  numbers, and `Here There and Everywhere' and `For No One' are two of their  best light moments of their career (of course, if you'd rather hear them  rock out, refer to `She Said She Said' and `Doctor Robert.')  If you'd like  samples of their legendary use of studio production/trickery, or something  that shows their famous psychedelic influence, you're sure to enjoy  `Tomorrow Never Knows.'  Perhaps you'd like a taste of Lennon's legendary  `other worldy' lyrics.  If so, `And Your Bird Can Sing' and `I'm Only  Sleeping' will suit you fine.  Looking for a sign of their well-documented  Eastern influence? You'll find just that in `Love You To.'  <br />The Beatles  are not the only band to tackle many musical styles in the course of a  single album, but they are one of the few that still manage to keep the  album sounding cohesive while doing so. No matter how different the styles  of music, the tracks are logically sequenced.  <br />`Revolver' is as much a  treat to the ears today as it was upon its release in August 1966.  Please  find space for it in your CD collection...and your mind.
B0000025IE|5.0|This is absolutely a must have for any serious rock and roll fan.  How anyone could consider their collection complete without including this CD is beyond me.  Every single track is prime metal.  Everybody knows  &quot;Living After Midnight&quot; and &quot;Breaking the Law&quot;, but  there is so much more here.  &quot;Metal Gods&quot;, &quot;You Don't Have  To Be Old To Be Wise&quot;, and &quot;The Rage&quot; are among the best  Priest had to offer.  Do yourself a favor - get this CD!
6305754950|4.0|I would always rate this John Wayne movie with 5 stars, however the transfer onto DVD made me pull off 1 star.  I love the fact that this movie is finally show in widescreen format (ratio 1.85 : 1).  However, the movie  is very dark throughout.  Certain night scenes were almost completely black  on my screen.  Problem here is that most of this movie is shot during night  scenes, so lighting would have to be dim.  What Paramount failed to  recognize was that they needed to &quot;brighten&quot; up the picture some.   The few day scenes were in great condition, and the soundtrack is  excellent.  As for the plot, it's a loose reworking of Rio Bravo, and it is  just as good.  In my opinion, this was the last movie that John Wayne made  as a nimble action hero.  From here on, he eased into more senior roles.   One last note, I own a 50&quot; projection screen TV, so naturally the  picture is darker that a tube.  My brightness was turned up full.  But on a  tube, the picture will be brighter.  So if your going to see this on a  monitor tube, and not projection, it is probably going to be ok.
B00000K0DT|3.0|I am not going to go into any details of the story... suffice it to say that I thought it was great.<br />I would have loved to give the dvd a 5 star rating but several things keep tugging at me.<br />The most obvious of these  being the lack of 5.1 surround. This is something that does not bother me  all that much and I understand that it might have never been recorded in  5.1 but it remains something of a down point for many. Lets move on.<br />The  inclusion of some final (and very obvious) scenes in the otherwise  excellent menu - are just downright stupid. Lets go on.<br />I have read that  many people were complaining of the... er... not entirely positive or useful  commentary. This I - myself - did not have any problem with. The commentary  never SERIOUSLY attacks any scenes without equal praise. The reference to  `all the wonderful out-takes' is just plain silly. Wish we could have seen  some of those huh? It is otherwise entertaining and somewhat interesting at  points.<br />Now we reach the reason for my 3 - not 5 star rating. The video.  The conversion itself seems to be ok.... And it has a generous two aspect  ratio versions... neither of which is enhanced for 16X9 TVs. (Something which  upset me a little). But the thing which really bothers me, the thing which  I was surprised no one else has mentioned, is the apparent `wear' to the  film used in the conversion. Certain scenes have obvious damage to them  (especially in wide-screen). It almost looks like film being projected.  This is not something that should occur with digital media. Keep in mind  that this is the SECOND dvd release of this movie. I would expect 16X9  support or at LEAST clean film.<br />I have to say that I am glad I bought the  dvd. I would have to suggest you do the same. It is without a doubt - an  excellent movie with an amazing finale. And my disappointment is made so  much worse just because it IS such a good movie.<br />Maybe they will get it  right on the third release eh?
B00003Q438|5.0|The Abyss has always been a film that I've enjoyed since first seeing it on the big screen in 1989. James Cameron's ambitious film about a underwater oilrig crew that discovers an overwhelming entity is a exciting  and visually amazing film.<br />The story is about an underwater oilrig crew  that is teamed up with a small Navy SEAL unit on a search and recover  mission for a US Naval submarine that has mysteriously disappeared in a  deep canyon. Within this deep canyon beholds an amazing secret. Ed Harris  is Bud Brigman the oilrig's chief, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio as his  estranged wife Lindsey and head engineer for the underwater rig. Both are  terrific as the couple who are brought back together under extreme  circumstances. Michael Biehn is the Navy SEAL leader who develops HPNS and  endangers everybody involved. Leo Bermeister, Todd Graff and Kimberly Scott  are standouts as Bud's crew members.<br />The story itself is dramatic,  exciting and filled with surprises. The visual effects are amazing and  among the earliest to use computer generated effects. Alan Silvestri's  score is both mysterious and majestic. While James Cameron alienated a lot  of the crew during the rigerous filming, he delivered one really exciting  film. You might call it a Sci-fi romantic adventure film.<br />This DVD  release incorporates footage that was edited from it's intial theatrical  release. While it lengthens the film a bit, the missing scenes are  significant to the film's exciting climax and help clarify the story  further. The extras that are included are plenty and take you behind the  making one of James Cameron's best films.
0679746048|5.0|I don't think any book can seem as realistic as &quot;Girl Interrupted.&quot;  When I first bought the book I thought I was in for a very interesting story.  I was wrong.  Rather than being a true life story about Susanna Kaysen in a hospital, it showed more of what it was like to  be in a mental institute and what fears, friends, and encounters you may  come upon.  Before reading this book be prepared for a very honest and  intriguing lifestyle of a patient who is diagnosed with &quot;borderline  personality.&quot;  I do have to admit, I did learn many things just by  reading this book.
0964385619|5.0|I grew up learning the lessons that the author of this book claims will lead you to financial disaster. So far, at 26 years of age, he's absolutely right! This book really opened my eyes to a completely different way of looking at finances.<br />This is a book about the philosophy of money, not  any actual plan to lead you to success. What the author provides is a  &quot;financial foundation&quot; that you can use to see if you are heading  in the right direction or not.<br />If you are feeling frustrated about how  your cashflow is heading, or if you want to leave the rat race, then this  is definitely the book for you!<br />I've managed to find a &quot;rich  dad&quot; in my life, and things are looking much better! I would not have  done this if I had not read this book!
B00001NFCY|5.0|What a powerful and spine-tingling album! Scott makes for the best vocalist to push the power over and beyond. A great CD you'll love listening to. Perfect for anyone that likes rock of any kind.
6305750750|4.0|With George Lucas's fantasticly mythic story,filled with Lasser swords,spaceships and classic outerspace villians,Jedi's and Dark Lord's battling for the fate of the Galaxy and a young unknown boy with a destiny  that would find him.This beginning chapter of the most stiring saga in film  history,is filled with anticipation and mystery.Well acted and exciting  this 1st  motion picture in a series of 6 films is not quite as deep,and  adult and elaborate as its later enstallments, but is a shadow of later  things to come.Absolutly spectacular special effects.A must peek for  everyone.
0385474547|5.0|Things Fall Apart was written to enlighten western culture to the validity of African culture, how it follows distinct patterns and rules, however different from the west as they might be.  Achebe encapsulates the culture of a man in ruin and identifies the logical iconoclasts, whereby culture  and the people within it are defeated.  <br />The novel was written from a  west-African third person perspective of a community of Igbo people and  their own local legend, a man named Okonkwo.  We explore the way life is  for Okonkwo and his traditional people and how Okonkwo has grown proud and  strong to overcome the memory of his weak father.  Gradually, life changes  for Okonkwo, starting with the accidental killing of a child and an exile  to the land of his mother.  Life gets progressively worse with the  introduction of western culture--Okonkwo refuses to adapt to the changing  culture and loss of personal security and pride.  In the end, both internal  and external forces of the character's demise are profoundly understood.
630575067X|2.0|A big-budget, silly little children's movie. Darth Maul, although even he looks a bit stupid in all that face-paint, is the only thing here that comes even remotely close to capturing the mystery and menace of the  original trilogy. I am not a hardcore fan who was pre-disposed to hate the  film and trash it for not being exactly like the original. But a stupid,  poorly-made film is a stupid, poorly-made film. Special FX are not enough,  and anyhow, while often impressive, the FX here are often quite gaudy and  tactless as well. <br />You have to understand that, for those of us who had a  sour reaction to the movie, it isn't that we can't just &quot;relax and  have a good time,&quot; -- it's just that we figured, based on what we knew  of Lucas' work on the original trilogy, that we would *not* be required to  set aside our intelligence, aesthetic sensibility, and a host of other  basic critical standards in order to do so. We're the people who went to  see this because we wanted to be rescued from the typical stupidity and  gaudiness of the mainstream Hollywood blockbuster -- not be suggested to it  in the form of a tedious kiddie-flick.<br />That sabre-battle at the end is  pretty juicy, I'll give that, and there is a good moment here and there.  Darth Maul was rather impressive, but he only has about 4 minutes of screen  time, and presumably will not be returning. So what was even the point.  Just for Lucas to tell us: &quot;Yes, I am still capable of doing good  things, but I consciously choose to toss it aside in favor of insultingly  cheesy gimmicks aimed at 4-year-olds.&quot; Geh. No one over the age of 10  could possibly have found Jar-Jar's presence in the film anything less than  physically painful -- I refuse to believe it. And those &quot;alien  accents&quot; HAVE to go. What happened to good old subtitles over sqonky  noises? That was *fine.* Aliens should not be speaking in italian, french,  and japanese accents. They all look pretty goofy, too. In a bad way.<br />By  the way, the acting is TERRIBLE. I mean -- WOW. It's SOOOOO bad it's  difficult to believe. Is this really Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor I'm  seeing? I didn't think they were even capable of being this incredibly flat  and boring. The little kid is awful -- it is actually embarassing to listen  to him speak his lines. And the whole &quot;climax,&quot; with him  &quot;accidentally&quot; saving the day, and NARRATING the entire  experience to us -- is profoundly dumb. I mean, even viewed as a KIDS movie  this is awful. The Neverending Story is a &quot;kids&quot; movie and it's  frickin' brilliant. <br />Anyhow, I'm not going to say &quot;don't see  it,&quot; (to those few who haven't.) If you grew up on Star Wars, there is  a very tiny part of you that will still find a few little things to enjoy  here. But it shouldn't be such a difficult task to find them and pull them  out.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|Offspring had an amazing CD in Smash but they sold out when they wrote Americana.  Real fans knew who they were before MTV started playing Pretty Fly For A White Guy.  They were good but this CD is horrible.  They went  from real music to what sounds like polka in Why Don't You Get A Job.   Don't waste your time or money buying this CD.  If you're gonna get one,  get a good one like Smash.  The Offspring are sellouts and they only  attract teenyboppers now.  MTV is messing up the music world.  Turn the  station.
B0000296SI|5.0|At first I couldn't get this album because of the parental advisary, but then I got the edited version and I love it! I play it all the time. I love 'Aliens Exist' and 'All the Small Things'
B00003CWPQ|5.0|If you didnt like Eyes Wide Shut you dont deserve to watch any other Stanley Kubrick Film as long as you live. this was truley one of his works of art although all of his films are works of art this is one that surley deserves reconition Stanley's use of color the camera and story is a  beautiful ending to the book of Stanley Kubrick
6305232660|4.0|As soon as I saw the previews on tv I just had to see it. Personally, I only really open my eyes in the last 10 - 15 minutes when the fantastic and very realistic effects kick in. For the storyline of a hollywood film based  on a comet colliding with earth needs more effects. Some of the scenes  where the wave is washing over houses looks a bit poor but all of my  attention is focused on the first impact when we see the comet flying over  the ocean to create the water to part, for me that gets two stars alone.  The build up needed more work, I was sent to sleep for a while, but the  'time to impact countdown' text on the screen kept me awake. The film is  great, with a fair DVD to go with it.
B000003H34|5.0|In the ANATHEMA's history, this album is probably their most under rated due to the fact that it recieved almost no press. It is my personnal fave of all their albums (YES, I LIKE IT MORE THAN SERANDES, WHICH IS  BRILLIANT). This was their first album after the departure of old vokillist  Darren White, new vokillist, new sound. Here we start hearing the  interjection of clean vocals but still a little deathy. The songs are more  cohesive and tend to have a nice flow, but what really kills is the guitar  riffs and harmonies. There are wicked textures added to the songs when they  alternate from heavy to mellow guitar parts. Opening track 'RESTLESS  OBLIVION' is worth the price alone for this disc. This album is a great  link between their old and new material. Under rated classic.
0375701427|5.0|When I began this book, I was fascinated by the extreme reactions of other Amazon reviewers, who gave it everything from 1 star to 5 stars.  When I finished the book, I immediately felt closer to a 1-star reviewer.  About 10 minutes later, I suddenly switched to 5 stars.  And now, were it an  option, I'd give it 6 stars.  &quot;American Pastoral&quot; is structured  so that the reader truly becomes a participant in the storytelling.  This  results in the story and its all-too-human characters getting incredibly  under one's skin, as we share and relate their dilemmas to our own lives.   I believe it is a true masterwork.
6305169187|1.0|the people in this movie were so bad at acting,they were annoying.even bruce willis was! dont waste your time on this one.it's really boring
B00000JG41|4.0|People who never heard Gong and their 'pataphysical' music in the '60, unfamiliar with the early albums by Todd Rundgren and something from Zappa will find much novelty and a fresh approach to arrangement and composition  here. Nothin' really new, but all funny and well done. Buy this cd; but if  you like it, try also the old stuff above mentioned or John Zorn (not for  the faint-hearted)
6304578482|5.0|i swear,these girls are just so much of preps,everything they say is funny.the movies just so stupid its funny.ive seen it a hundred times and i still watch it every day! i mean,the plot was so stupid.but it just made  the movie hilarious.Mira Sorvino and Lisa Kudrow are great!i was cracking  up.and it also had Jeneane Garafolo who was evenmore funnier than Romy and  Michelle! so take some time to watch this movie
0312932081|5.0|I was headed on a trip to Indonesia, and I picked out several Science Fiction books from the Library.  My father also lent me Ender's Game.  As coincidence would have it, I had taken out all 3 sequels to Ender's Game, so I got to read all 4.  Ender's Game provided the most memorable  characters and events I have ever read.  I hope that Orson Scott Card  continutes to right Parallel books (ie Ender's Shadow).
B00003CX7K|5.0|John Lasseter's &quot;Toy Story 2&quot; is one of the best animated films of the decade. It's even funnier and wittier than its already outstanding predecessor. Unfortunately, the film wasn't nominated for an Academy Award  for best Picture of the year. It undoubtedly deserved one.<br />In contrast to  many of today's blockbusters, &quot;Toy Story 2&quot; has sharply written  characters that are provided with motivations for their actions. It even  manages to be very dramatic at times. Despite all that, the pace is furious  and the action scenes are always breathtaking. The brillaint opening  sequence alone is worth the rent.<br />For many cinemaniacs, &quot;The  Godfather 2&quot; and &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; are the only  sequels that are even better than the original (Actually the inclusion of  &quot;Empire&quot; is invalid since &quot;Star Wars I-VI&quot; is only one  movie). With &quot;Toy Story 2&quot;, another title can be added to this  very short list.
0553108034|5.0|A Game of thrones was just book I happened to pick up in an airport when i came short of a book to read. It was even a bad print, but 2 weeks later, having finished it, i fell in love with it and immediately ordered A Clash of Kings, which managed to top off the previous further.  So far its aiming to be of the best fantasy I've read, and it still feels like its building  up to an even greater end. hoping the end won't come soon, but when the  hell will the third book come out?   Thing is, I assume George R R Martin  has long since thought up most if not all the plot and the ending is  probably set from his view, but from here i'm not interested in that ending  anytime soon, i just want it to go on!
6305308659|4.0|Gary Ross &quot;Pleasantville&quot; was released shortly after &quot;The Truman Show&quot;. Maybe that's the reason why it didn't perform very well at the box office. It also lacks a major movie star like Jim Carrey in the  lead. Yet, &quot;Pleasantville&quot; deserves attention. <br />Not only is it  wonderfully written and acted. It is one of those rare films that adds a  visual dimension to the story. Something all films should at least try to  achieve. The usage of black-and-white in combination with color gives the  director the opportunity for many striking and poetic images.<br />One could  argue that the films is sometimes too didactic and obvious in its  symbolism, but since this it is intended as a parable, such criticism  cannot hurt this film very much. Perhaps this film has cult following on  Video and DVD. I hope so.
B0000024UO|5.0|Johnny Winter is an amazing musician.  This record shows that not only in Johnny an incredible guitarist, but also knows his way around the Blues.  Johnny is the only white musician who is in the Blues Hall of Fame. This is  a must have for any music collection.  It is a seminal Blues Recording, and  is right up there with other great Blues records, such as John Mayall's  Bluesbreakers featuring Eric Clapton.  Every cut is very good, but I'll  guarantee that just one listen to Be Careful With A Fool will transform you  into a Johnny Winter fan for life.  Go on and buy this fantastic piece of  work.  You won't regret it; in fact you'll be glad you did.
0606170979|5.0|I am 14 years old. And i never liked Fantasy books. And then i herd about Harry Potter. And like &quot;Ok fantasy doesn't sound interesting!&quot; BUT our Launguage Arts teacher started to read it in class and by the 3rd Chapter i went out and bought all three and Read them ALL in 5 days! thats how good they are! I absolutely ADORE them! I can't wait till july!
B00003Q438|5.0|I loved this movie on laserdisc.  Now, I really love it.  The digital track is superb.  The alternate endings allow for unlimited fun and repeated viewings.  AMVery satisfying film.  She would love it.  I missed   it until now.  You never know how good a movie is until you get the  director's cut.  This ones rules, and you should keep the lines open and  never forget him (Cameron).
B00003CXB6|5.0|This movie was truly commensurate with the original.  So often sequels are nothing more than producer greedy rip-offs.  Movie makers should take note of their ethical duty to provide their public with quality and not specious  quantity.
0684867621|4.0|I thought the novel was more about her adventures through the forest than it was about the supposed beast following her around.  It was really fascinating to read, and how she survived day to day, and it was one of those page turners where you just want to know what keeps happening.  I thought it was good, not really scarey, but more entertaining and different  if anything.
0385486804|4.0|Krakauer is a wonderful writer - I've just blown through this book as well as Into Thin Air and Eiger Dreams, and for me - his writing is the kind of stuff that makes for late nights and tired workdays. I can't pay him a higher compliment.  This one was a bit different than his other efforts in  that Krakuer plays more the role of detective/sociologist rather than an an  insightful expedition biographer.  However, the story was as rivetting and  perhaps even more powerful. I'm anxiously awaiting his next one!
B00000JZC4|4.0|When I bought this album I expected to buy something mindblowing, but somehow the material on title of a record was so much softer then &quot;short Bus&quot;. So I was a little bit dissapointed because it was so  average. A month later I decided to give this record another try   and  after 20, 30 times of playing it in my discman it became better and better.  I think the album is only worth 4.5 stars cause of the &quot;Take a  picture&quot;-song which is dull. Nevertheless, a good effort by Kirk  Patrick!
B000002IG4|4.0|Phil Collins dedicated &quot;Hello, I Must Be Going&quot; to his wife and children, &quot;who put up with it all!&quot; When the music starts, the divorce and family strife they put up with comes to blinding light and  sound.<br />Over war drums, thunderous synth lines and wall-tearing horns (the  EWF horn section is more pronounced here, sounding like Chicago's and less  effective) Collins washes his hands of previous  mistakes. &quot;Let me  by!&quot; he shouts in &quot;I Don't Care Anymore.&quot; &quot;I've got  better things to do with my time!&quot;<br />Like similar albums following  well-known breakups (Sinatra's &quot;Wee Small Hours,&quot; Marvin Gaye's  &quot;Here, My Dear&quot;) this deals with the stages and emotions of  separation: denial (&quot;I Cannot Believe It's True&quot;) regret  (&quot;What else can I do but say I was wrong?&quot; Phil asks in  &quot;Don't Let Him Steal Your Heart Away&quot;) accusation (the menacing  drum/synth workout &quot;Do You Know, Do You Care?&quot;) paranoia  (&quot;Thru These Walls&quot; features a variation of &quot;In The Air  Tonight&quot; drum fills) and finally, apathy (the previously mentioned  &quot;I Don't Care Anymore&quot;)<br />The songs closing the first and second  halves of the LP balm the salted wounds. Collins' faithful  rendition of  &quot;You Can't Hurry Love&quot; seeks solace not only in parental advice,  but in the radio classics of his youth (Motown is saluted in the liner  notes, and Phil returned to these songs in Genesis encores). The gentle  piano ballad &quot;Why Can't It Wait 'Til Morning?&quot; (later covered  with Fourplay), features Phil sweetly singing, &quot;You're going nowhere  without me.&quot; It's a stark lyric beautifully performed, much like  &quot;Hello! I Must Be Going&quot; itself. Success would evolve this anger  into impishness helped Collins create his public image; meaning, regardless  of future disappointments, this will remain Phil Collins' most angrily sung  set ever. Recommended with balled fists when vulnerable.Recommended with balled fists when vulnerable.
B00000K19E|5.0|The more you watch this dvd, the better it gets. There is so much in it that you miss alot the first few times. Definitely a keeper. Can't wait for the sequel.
6305750750|4.0|OK OK I was expecting so much more. But let me tell you this,Alot of the Pre-Reviews I bought into.OK it cost alot of money to makeand Hype this Movie.I went by myself to see it and the one thing that stuck in my head from the reviews was hate Jar Jar.And I admit by myself he got on my nerves.(could be I was paying to close attention)and the thought of him being computer generated Oh well that did it. What an idiot I was two weeks later when I took my5 year old and 3 year old to see it. News Flash Jar Jar is COOL! I hardly watched the movie because I could not take my eyes off my boys. They loved it and so did I.Lucas is a genius. I have already ordered my copy. The story line is perfectthe eye popping effects are the best. it moves just fast enough to get you hooked and ends just in time to leave you wanting more. For my kids sake I hope they bring Jar Jar Back.  Hey if you really hated it try it again with some kids around. See what happens, I loved the effect.
0790729628|2.0|While the movie is great, the DVD version looks as if they copied it from a 10 year old film print including ALL the scratches, scuffs, etc. it accumulated as it made it's way through the movie theaters.  The sudio  should be ASHAMED to have put out such a low-quality product!  I gave it a  2-star rating ONLY because I like the story... as far as video quality,  I've seen many better quality VHS home videos.
0671042858|3.0|I have been an avid King reader for years, and although I did like this book, and actually read it in a day, this isn't up to the King's usual snuff.  Not bad, but I was a little disappointed.
0880381736|5.0|I read this book almost 10 years ago and it is still one of my favorite books. This book is where you should start if you've heard of the Dragonlance saga but are not sure where to start. The story tells the beginnings of the War of the Lance and introduces the reader to the classic  characters from the series (Tanis, Raistlin, Tas, etc) <br />If you love  Jordan's THE WHEEL OF TIME, or Tolkien's LORD OF THE RINGS, then you won't  be dissapointed by this book!
B00000JCOV|4.0|It's pretty good. songs 2,4,5,6,8 are awsome. the rest are average at best (korn with less talent and somewhat louder). the singer sounds a lot like john davies on much of the album. he can sing pretty good though, especially on 4 and 8. the 3  drummers are awsome and the sampler and the dj are pretty cool. the guitars  and bass are pretty average. the guys are pretty strage (idiotic masks) but  the album is pretty good overall.
0880381736|5.0|I read this book almost 10 years ago and it is still one of my favorite books. This book is where you should start if you've heard of the Dragonlance saga but are not sure where to start. The story tells the beginnings of the War of the Lance and introduces the reader to the classic  characters from the series (Tanis, Raistlin, Tas, etc) <br />If you love  Jordan's THE WHEEL OF TIME, or Tolkien's LORD OF THE RINGS, then you won't  be dissapointed by this book!
B00003CX59|5.0|Tim Burton adds his own macabre touch to Washington Irving's classic short story, and quite well too. However, as Hollywood is 'NOTHING IS AS IT SEEMS', even the best of stories seem to go under the pens of savage  Hollywood screenplay writers and POOF! There you go; TWISTED HOLLOW, or  'Sleepy HollowWood'! <br />But besides the fact that the story is off,  Burton's artistic sense of movie making excells in this flick. Burton uses  just the right effects, moods, actors and actresses, sets and everything to  the fullest to create the perfect set up! (Christopher Walken as the  Headless Horseman...Not someone to meet in a dark alley!) <br />A great movie,  although distorted in it's original context, Burton pulls off another great  film, with yet another good lesson behind it: DON'T MESS WITH POWERS YOU  HAVE NO CONTROL OVER!
0393307050|5.0|Eagle Seamanship, A Manual for Square-Rigger Sailing, By Lt. Edwin H. Daniels, Jr. USCG (Naval Institute Press, Annapolis, MD, 1990), an  essential companion for the O'Brian Aubrey/Maturin Series, explains the  operation of a &quot;Tall Ship.&quot;
0783113943|5.0|This was an incredable movie. Angelina Jolie did an amazing job! She actually became the character and sucks you into the story. When it's over, it leaves you spellbound and wanting more.
B00003Q438|4.0|This film is marvelous, and is arguably James Camerons best film to date.  The Special Edition is a film all it's own, and the version I was previously speaking of.  It has an incredibly profound messege hidden in a  really cool story with some great performances.  As emotionally epic as  Titanic in my opinion, but without the 50's-ish melodrama.  Ed Harris  delivers one of his best performances and the special effects still stand  up to scrutiny in a world of Jar-Jar Binks' and See through Mummy's. The  debit is of course the length, handled somewhat well but (hey I'm being  honest) not well enough for the nearly three hours it encompasses.   Multiple viewings will reveal a marvelous epic that rivals Close Encounters  of the Third Kind as one of the best Aliens-on-Earth movies ever made.
0553062182|2.0|The author did not need to intellectually ramble in this book.  Its content could have been shortened considerably.  As a highly sensitive person myself, I found the book to be a downer.  It had some good insights on early childhood development (functional vs. dysfunctional) and how  family patterns are viewed differently by other siblings.  Perhaps Dr. Aron  could have given us more in-depth information about her own life  experiences to enhance the book's value.
B000002C1X|5.0|Any album that gets well over 300 reviews at amazon, twenty years after it has been released, is surely an album that is not devoid of merit. For me, this is one of the truely great rock albums, a remarkable effort,  painstakingly shaped and conceived by one of the greatest rock poets. Even  if this album is (partly) autobiographical, the insight in human nature is  razor sharp.<br />The album tells the story of a boy losing his father in WW2,  having to live with his dominant and overprotective mother, going to school  to be bullied by teachers, growing up to be married to an unfaithful wife,  becoming a successful rock star and being unable to cope with the pressure  - from which point it goes really downhill for him. Yet there is a note of  hope, at the very end of the album. There are people that really love him,  he just shut them all outside his wall.<br />Waters doesn't paint a pretty  picture, but he paints his grim view on humanity with master strokes.<br />The  production of this album is absolutely flawless, right down to the very  smallest of details. At some point on the album, the protagonist sits in a  hotel room and he is watching TV. He makes a phone call to his wife, who  doesn't answer. The lyrics go something like &quot;when i pick up the  phone&quot;, then there is just the background noise of the TV saying  &quot;surprise, surprise, surprise&quot;, then the lyrics go on  &quot;there's still nobody home&quot;. The attention given to the  production of an album shows in little things like this - The Wall just  blows your mind when you pay the same attention while listening.<br />One of  the nicest tricks is the circular form of the entire album. It begins on a  very low volume with the words &quot;...we came in&quot;. It ends in the  same low volume (two discs later) with the words &quot;Isn't this  where...&quot;. So you can start all over again.<br />Great album, a work of  art. If you are into Backstreet Boys, N'Sync and that kind of fluff, steer  well away from this one. This is MUSIC, and it has something to say.<br />I  should also mention the guitar playing by David Gilmour. His solo on  'Comfortably Numb' is one of the finest solos ever recorded.
B000000OAC|5.0|I didn't know what to expect when I bought this album.  Of course I knew &quot;We Are the Champions&quot; and &quot;We Will Rock You&quot; which are classics, but the rest came as a surprise to me.  I was a little  disappointed that Freddie Mercury only wrote three songs on this album, but  Brian May, Roger Taylor, and John Deacon made up for it.  It was nice to  get to hear a little more of Roger and John's work, since Freddie and Brian  usually write the most.  It was good to hear a bunch of different types of  music.  I liked the songs &quot;We Will Rock You,&quot; &quot;We Are the  Champions,&quot; &quot;Sheer Heart Attack,&quot; &quot;Spread Your  Wings,&quot; &quot;Who Needs You,&quot; and &quot;My Melancholy  Blues.&quot;  I don't think I need to tell you how much I love &quot;We  Will Rock You&quot; and &quot;We Are the Champions.&quot;  All I'll say is  &quot;Classic!&quot;  &quot;Sheer Heart Attack&quot; is a really cool song.  Pure Roger Taylor!  I like &quot;Spread Your Wings&quot; because it's  about determination to find a better life.  I love the song &quot;Who Needs  You.&quot;  I thought it was kind of weird that John Deacon wrote this  since he always wrote such sweet songs like &quot;You're My Best  Friend&quot; and &quot;You and I,&quot; but it was a good weird.  &quot;My  Melancholy Blues&quot; is a cool, rather mellow song about a guy who wants  to wallow in his misery.  It's a song you can really get into.  I think  this is a great album, so if you're a Queen fan go and add it to your  collection!
B000002MIY|5.0|There are very few albums that can match this one from a productional point of view, and they are all by... Walter Becker and Donald Fagen. This immaculate set grows on you. It equals The Nightfly, but it takes a little  getting used to, that's all.<br />Immediate stand outs (at first hearing) are  Snowbound and the glorious Teahouse on the Tracks. (Incredible trombone  playing). <br />Dig in and enjoy!
B00003CWPR|5.0|This is Kubrick at his best. Everything in this movie is great,the acting, the direction, the music, the details &amp; thestory. Kubrick masterfully leads us slowly from reality into dreams &amp; dreams into reality; &amp; in the process, we can't tell what's real &amp; what's unreal. But whatever it is, Kubrick presents us with a stunning visual &amp; memsmerising movie of the century.  We miss you, Stanley. You are the greatest director on earth.
0060229357|5.0|Harold and the Purple Crayon is a wonderful book.  I work at a daycare and if I ask my children if they want me to read them a book they ALWAYS ask for Harold.  We've read it so many times now that I can stop in the middle of a sentence and my children can finish for me.  If you are thinking of  buying any of the Harold books you must do it.  You and your child will be  missing out if you don't.
B000002UA0|4.0|The debut album by Pink Floyd,purveyors of concept albums dissecting the psychological state of post-WWII man, is quite a different animal than their later works,like Animals,for instance(I couldn't resist the  quasi-pun).Basically, Piper is more pop-oriented and lighter in mood than  everything after it, and it certainly isn't conceptual.It should seem a  mess, but in fact, Piper appears to me to be an extremely well-realized  work of art.The songs are ambitiously colorful, odd creations that come  across with a minimal feel of contrivance(Take Up Thy Stethoscope,  not-withstanding).ART. Syd Barrett's melodic craft rivaled  Lennon/McCartney's, but sounded quite different(George Harrisson's Yellow  Submarine tunes definetely have a touch of Barrett in them,for what it's  worth).Although The Floyd play VERY unorthodox on Piper, the whole album  flows along defying logic and cohesion. It all gells into a unified whole  due to Barrett alternating his simple, child-like melodies and lyrics with  his and the band's love of the unpredictable. There are quite a few  memorable, carefully crafted songs, but there are also songs that seem to  slip in and out of structure, somehow holding together despite seemingly  incongruous moments/sections. Barrett's guitar technique was so quirky that  it absolutele had NO precedent,an alternately inviting tuneful glow and  sound-effects drenched atonal chaos. Usually, Barrett's playing tended to  be in between, and this holds true for his writing as well, in the sense  that he'd write a folkish, fairytale-esque number like &quot;The  Gnome&quot;, and then something like the unhinged, avant-garde psychedelic  experimentation of the double-layered &quot;Interstellar Overdrive.&quot;  In summation, this is a very wonderous, magical album with all kinds of  sonic galore. Another great album in this vein is Love's Forever  Changes(that Arthur Lee sure was imaginative too!), but without the  freak-outs. For that, i'd suggest buying the totally whacked-out  instrumental psychedelic debut by Tangerine Dream. It's titled Electronic  Meditation and is hardcore avant-garde for &quot;Interstellar  Overdrive&quot; fanatics. Both Gong's Angel's Egg and Hawkwind's In Search  Of Space are where psychedelia fully blossoms into the genre of &quot;space  rock&quot;. Both of these albums feature both songs and jams and sound  nothing like the Tangerine Dream or Love albums. As for Gong's early  albums,if you enjoy the more whimsical side of Piper, then Angel's Egg is a  great place to start. As for Hawkwind's early albums, if you enjoy the more  &quot;darker hued&quot; side of Piper, then In Search Of Space is your  ticket to ride. All of the above albums are essential classics, and they  owe so much, maybe even all, to the visionary Pink Floyd debut.
0783222955|2.0|The reason I only give this film 2 stars is that so much important material from the book was left out that I didn't even enjoy this film.  The kid who played Dill annoyed me and was such a dork compared to Dill in  the book.  The main reason I give it 2 is because the only person I enjoyed  in the whole film was Gregory Peck...well, him and Robert Duvall (who  doesn't speak).<br /> IF YOU HAVE READ THE BOOK, DON'T WATCH THIS!
6305313687|5.0|This movie is incredibly disturbing with Edward Norton (who should have won an Oscar for this role)as a white supremecist &quot;leader&quot; who gets out of jail a reformed man.  Prison scenes are shown in gritty black  and white and in flashback to show Norton's transformation as he slowly  becomes brutally made aware of the error of his ways.  When he leaves  prison he has to pretend he is still a white supremecist in order to  protect himself and get his brother out of the group.  No description can  do this haunting and moving film justice.  A must see!
B000000Y87|5.0|This CD is incredible.  This is the kind of Jazz that makes you want to go to NYC, sit in one of those new age/smokey coffee houses, have a really good cup of Joe, listen to the rain pound down on the pavement and watch  the people of the city.  This guy Bill Evans is a genius.  I look forward  to his other CD's.
6305265488|5.0|Originally, I wasn't that thrilled about the idea about seeing this flick--but since I did I recommend everyone give it a chance or you are really missing out.  It starts with the Grimm Bros. getting a history  lesson on their &quot;little cinder girl&quot; story when they hear of how  she really existed.  Drew grows up with the wickedly terrific Anjelica  Houston treating her as a hired hand.  By accident, Drew meets the handsome  prince and falls in love...she instantly becomes competition for her  stepsister and the fallout that comes next is heart wrenching!  Leonardo  DaVinci is Drew's fairy godfather in a sense and he helps Drew get to the  ball.  A modern twist on a great romance...it is well acted and full of  beautiful scenery.  A must see.
0486237664|4.0|I use this book as a reference as I sculpt. It has at least one picture of almost every animal that I need with only a few exeptions. It has fish, mamals, reptiles, birds... even a FEW dinosoars. I recomend it for any artist looking for a general animal reference.
0553269631|1.0|i understand where she was coming from and each of the characters problems. i'm only in eighth grade, but i know that this is real life and how people react to different things. however, the characters didn't do anything about their problems. Carson McCullers must have been dumped or something when she wrote this book because it's very depressing. the thing  i don't understand is why people would want to read about real life when we  already live it. we all know what life is like so what is the point of this  book?  it took me so long just to read a chapter. i didn't get into it at  all. the book just makes you want to commit suicide or something. the only  reason i read it was to get a good grade . well, at least i get $10 for  getting an A in my stupid english class. u know how they say, &quot;never  judge a book by it's cover,&quot; well this book is a way more boring than  the cover, take my word for it.
1573226521|5.0|l am writing this after having just finished reading 'The beach', prehaps l should have let alittle time pass to get alittle more distance &amp; perspective but l have to tell everyone what a great book it is! The search  for the 'traveller' can become the search for a haven. Travellers can leave  whenever they like, going from one mess only to create another, walk away  from that to another haven to spoil both physically &amp; emotionally. No  matter where you go there you are! To anyone who has called themselves 'a  traveller', here is the ultimate adventure, l loved it
B0000027RL|5.0|Come on, this is one of the best albums ever. It is definitly the best Pearl Jam album.  Every succeding album gets more and more mature.  You know you want to hear the raw angst of a rock band instead of its mature  mellowness.  I'm not saying the rest of Pearl Jams albums are bad, in fact  I think I'm addicted to them.  <br />But, I think someone commented that you  can't be a true Pearl Jam fan because you like Ten more than Yield. What?   Wishlist on Yield is a very sweet and loving song, but it does not bring  out the emotion of Release.  If you think Ed has rage in any song on yield,  why don't you listen to Porch again.  Bottom line, Pearl Jam gets more  subdued each album, and they are very good at that, but their best song for  any feeling in on ten.
B00003IPFK|5.0|The greatest western ever-and more than just a western. It put Tommy Lee Jones on the map- a great performance by him and a great performance by Robert Duvall.People have named their kids after these characters! A movie  for men and women, it breathed life back into the whole genre. No matter  what you read here or on the box, it was filmed for tv and  you don't miss  anything  as far as wide-screen or pan and scan or whatever-although I  thought it was pretty grainy and was a little suprised the quality was so  poor. Still, it's a must own film, one of the top ten things you will ever  buy.
0345404475|4.0|I liked this book a lot. The ending threw me off a little (the visions of Mercer, Deckard's trip up the hill, etc.). And the final showdown was a little disappointing - the most gripping android chase comes in the middle of the book. But it is very interesting, and leaves you with a lot to think  about. &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?&quot; has made top ten  favorite books list.
630460288X|5.0|I felt this movie was cool.  It had cool action and comedy.  Sylvestar Stalone was great.  Wesley Snipes was awesome.  Sandra Bullock was cool.  I would recommend this movie to anybody that likes action movies.
0060930349|4.0|First of all, I've not finished the book yet. I read until the end of World War One and Wilson's attempts to impose his 23 points. But one can clearly say that, if you recognize Johnson's ideas and have read anything  else from him (Modern Times, for example), attending to his points of view,  this is a really formidable book, though one can surely not be on accord  with many subjects. On the whole, this book is very readable, pure  literature combined with pure history, something one cannot find in most  books. I'm enjoying it very much, though I do not agree with many issues  like benefits of monopolies or concentration. The best part? No doubt,  Civil War!
B000002VCO|5.0|Can't decide which Parsons Project album to buy? This one is mandatory. There are a lot of good songs on this album, but &quot;AMMONIA AVENUE&quot; may be the single best rock song ever performed. It is majestic, poetic -  the epitomy of APP at its best!
6303942830|5.0|As mentioned previously, this movie has numerous required elements for a quality movie. What differentiates it are the soundtrack that uses several slight variations of the main theme and the close combat. The era weaponry  and their use in close quarters, elicits a visceral response on a level  similar to the opening scene of Saving Private Ryan.<br />As always, Michael  Mann's cinematography is breathtaking.<br />More than a drama, easily can  substitute for an full-on action movie.
0440214041|5.0|I think that the people's reviews that I've read that say this book isn't good don't get into the book well enough. I was confused about it in the beginning but then the peices fall in to place. This is the best book that I have ever read so far in my life. Because of this The Pelican Brief I'm  determand to read all of John Grisham's books. This is the first one that  I've read of his but I'm sure that you couldn't put any of his other books  down either.
0792843835|5.0|I bought Baghdad Cafe because it is a quiet story about transformation and about a human being's ability to transform their life into something magic.  In small ways there are wonderful visual allusions to classical  transformation stories.  The performances of the entire cast are wonderful.  This is an upbeat and joyful film - rarity among films filled with  violence, and despair.
B000035Z2L|5.0|This Movie is Hillarious!  If you havent seen it yet rent it. It will keep you laughin months after seein it. I will warn you this is NOT much of an adult film. So any parents out there with a teenager do yourself a favor  and don't watch it. All the teenagers out there, dont let your parents see  it!  This movie gives out all of the tricks of the trade that you dont want  your parents to know about. But if your an easy goin fun adult You'll LOVE  IT. From a teenagers point of view this is a must see. What ever you do  don't drink it with Pale ale!
B00000DFRS|4.0|If you've been listening to the radio lately, then you'be probaly heard any one of Whitney's new songs...&quot;It's Not Right...&quot;, &quot;My Love Is Your Love&quot;; and you go out, buy the CD and find out that it  isn't the version on the record...serves you right.  Whitney Houston  rocks-and this CD deserves to be heard-with no frills.  &quot;My Love Is  Your Love&quot; is a slow groove that soothes your soul, and &quot;It's Not  Right...&quot;, classic R&amp;B    that lets you know where Whitney stands.   The immensely popular Thunderpuss Dance Mix isn't on here-and thank  God-there is no place for it.  &quot;If I Told You That&quot;, my personal  favorite, is a roll lickin', who dunit, that needs no introduction, and  &quot;Get It Back', is just plain sexy.  Leave the dance mixes for the club  and refresh your body, mind, and soul with a little R&amp;B-Whitney style.
B000003N89|5.0|With a CD like this one playing, I feel a craving to play pool for hours with my friends.  Krall's choice of music from Nat is perfect.  Every song is one that flows effortlessly from the speakers and into the ears.  Getting quality jazz from this era on a recording that meets today's  standards of clarity is sometimes difficult, and Diana Krall makes that  problem a little less pressing.
0896760278|4.0|This is a good book if you're looking for old fashions. It has precise patterns that look wonderful, and they will look great in plays or on Halloween. I recommend it.
630027179X|5.0|When I first saw this film I was about 8 years old and watched an edited version on cable.  While I found it exciting the shear brilliance of the film never realy hit me.  Now as I watch Excalibur in early 2000 I can  fully apreciate what a terrific film this is.<br />20 years after it's release  Excalibur is still the best fantasy film ever to come out of hollywood.   What Excalibur does that more fantasy films should do is it attempts to  make a fantasy story mature. Excalibur is a dark and interesting re-telling  of the classic story of King Aurthor.  The film manages to feel more like a  deep mythology than a simple fairy tale.  This also causes the film to get  incredibly weird at times.<br />Excalibur also has excellent production  values.  Every scene is the film is dripping with a rich atmosphere which  is largly helped by the film's excellent score.<br />What realy elevates  Excalibur above other fantasy films is that it takes itself very seriously.
B00004KD11|5.0|Deep Purple is one of the mainstays of hard rock.  This album has always been one of my favorites; of course Hush is one of the best songs of all time.  The rest of the songs are great, too.  The instrumentals as well as  the singing is fantastic.  Now, for the best news: this cd has been  remastered!  The sound is excellent.  Get ready for some unbelievable  listening pleasure.  Buy this cd without hesitation.
B000023VR6|5.0|Are you looking to move away from the low-talent, filler song, no substance MC's, that seem to dominate the rap game today?  Return to the root of all this evil with Dre.  He shows no mercy in making other rappers  look downright stupid.  I forgot just how powerful rap music could be until  I bought this album.  There is no lack of talent coming from the supporting  cast on the album either.  Hittman gives an excellent performance on many  tracks, but &quot;Ackrite&quot; stands out in my mind as the best.  And  let's not foget about the return of Snoop.  He sounds as fresh as he did on  the first &quot;Chronic&quot; album.  This CD proves where his signature  sound belongs.   Dre is a master at producing great talent and great music.   I listen to all genres of music, so don't sell yourself short by not  getting this CD because rap music is not your ball of wax.  This CD may  just change your mind.
B000000OUJ|5.0|This album has the debut of GZA's genius. Of the first course, his albums is the best executed and it is my favorite of the early Wu. However, Beneath the Surface has the better lyrics because it deals with more social  problems on more of the tracks and is the most political of the second  round of Wu solos. However, Liquid Swords is always on my rotation play  because RZA is so dope and dangerous. Inspectah Deck is close in dopeness  but RZA is the OG of the Wu, so you can't forget that. The Oriental sound  of Liquid Swords is enoug h for me to date my girl for a Chinese meal  seriously... the dopeness is so romantic and Wu has this beautiful darkness  is so appreciative and lovely definitely. The skits are cool too. I think  that Liquid Swords has got to be one of the 10 best albums ever. In my book  at least. Check out  DJ X-Caliber at [...] and  peaze and I'm out...
630562285X|5.0|Entrapment is an awesome movie that I really enjoyed watching.  If you ask me it is one of the best movies of 1999.  The cast &amp; crew did an excellent job making this movie, and the special effects in this movie are  really awesome.  Also the story is weary good, and another thing I like  about this movie is that it hath a whole bunch of high-tech gadgets that  give it a very specific and interesting character.  Also when you combine  such brilliant actors as Sean Connery and Catherine Zeta-Jones, the result  is bound to be excellent.  So I strongly recommend you watch this movie,  and I am sure you will enjoy it.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|Wow, this movie should have been written on toilet paper, because it was absolute crap.  The worst &quot;movie&quot; I have ever seen.  I'm surprised this stupid film wasn't boycotted by every special interest group in the country.  Even I was offended by a lot of it, and I'm not easy to  offend.  The villains were all handicapped, and Smith's little monologue  about why the townspeople shouldn't hang him is an insult to blacks  everywhere. Have I mentioned that I think this movie sucks?
B000002ADT|5.0|Truly the best Jazz album I have ever heard. You have to own this album. Great album to pick up if you are new to jazz.
B000023VR6|5.0|Are you looking to move away from the low-talent, filler song, no substance MC's, that seem to dominate the rap game today?  Return to the root of all this evil with Dre.  He shows no mercy in making other rappers  look downright stupid.  I forgot just how powerful rap music could be until  I bought this album.  There is no lack of talent coming from the supporting  cast on the album either.  Hittman gives an excellent performance on many  tracks, but &quot;Ackrite&quot; stands out in my mind as the best.  And  let's not foget about the return of Snoop.  He sounds as fresh as he did on  the first &quot;Chronic&quot; album.  This CD proves where his signature  sound belongs.   Dre is a master at producing great talent and great music.   I listen to all genres of music, so don't sell yourself short by not  getting this CD because rap music is not your ball of wax.  This CD may  just change your mind.
6305090564|3.0|While not trying to answer the meaning of life, Deep Rising does what it's trying to do, and that's entertain.  Director Stephen Sommers (who went on to better things after the relentlessly entertaining The Mummy) injects  enough action, humor, and cheap thrills to keep the average viewer from  being bored.  This is the sort of movie to watch by yourself or a friend or  two on a late Friday night.<br />The plot is cliched enough as it borrows  unashamedly from the Alien films, Die Hard, Titanic, Tremors, and The  Poseidon Adventure.  It's basically about these terrorists led by Wes Studi  who are trying to hi-jack a cruise ship called the Argonautica.  Along for  the ride are Finnegan (Treat Williams) and Pantucci (Kevin J. O'Connor) who  quickly discover that the Argonautica is empty.  Discovering a few more  survivors including a jewel thief (Famke Janssen), they find out there is a  creature on board that is feeding off of them and the survivors must do  what they can to get off alive.<br />Deep Rising is not meant to be taken the  least bit seriously unlike other creature features like the Alien films and  Pitch Black (which I very much highly recommend you watch).  Instead,  Stephen Sommers keeps his tongue firmly tucked in his cheek, leading to a  campy cruise most reminiscent of Tremors.  If there's at least one thing to  credit Deep Rising for, it has the look of a summer blockbuster.  The 50  million dollar budget is large (especially for a campy action/horror film)  and all the special effects are put to good use.  The creature effects are  well done and makes for a fun encounter between the survivors and the  creature's main body.  Rob Bottin, noted for the gory effects in The Thing,  succeeds again though the creation in this film may not be as well  remembered as some of his other works.<br />Deep Rising is an action film so  expect plenty of that.  While it's not terribly original action, they're  full of enough tension to keep anybody from dozing off.<br />As for acting,  this isn't exactly a first-rate cast.  Wes Studi is an underrated actor and  he probably deserves betteer work.  The same goes for Djimon Honsou in a  short appearance.  Treat Williams looks like he's having a lot of fun and  he is a charismatic hero.  Kevin J. O'Connor, no matter how annoying, is  still good comic relief, though Famke Janssen delivers a rather poor  performance, even in a movie of this sort.  <br />So long as you watch this  film with the realization that it isn't meant to be taken seriously, you'll  have fun with it.  It's no classic by any means but you could do a lot  worse.
1559409010|5.0|This could well be my favorite movie because I can't think of any other flick that can make me laugh so hard (so much my cheeks hurt)and yet at the same time make me think. It might be perceived by some as just a  &quot;comedy&quot;, but its a very insightful and intelligent look at the  hypocrisy of people. <br />Whoa that got deep!
0671027344|5.0|This book was everything.  Through his letters, we learn about Charlie's first year in high school;  love, sex, drugs and family struggles and all the emotions in between.  And through the vivid descriptions, I found that I too, was in his &quot;world.&quot;  I loved it.  I cried.  I laughed out  loud.  But most importantly, I related to all of Charlie's heartache and  confusion, something I felt extremely comforting.  Life is tough.  It's  nice to see an author battle that.  I can't wait to see more of Chbosky's  work...
6300215512|5.0|Having just seen this incredible film again, after countless previous viewings, I heartily concur with Norma Desmond's line &quot;it's the pictures that got smaller.&quot;  This classic film almost defies  categorization - it has moments of horror, sublime beauty, lust, love - and  one more quality that is often overlooked, compassion.  The scene with  Norma attempting suicide on New Year's Eve, lying on her bed, pitifully  sobbing in the bandaged aftermath, and Joe (William Holden) displaying  somewhat distant concern, standing across the room from her, becomes one of  the most beautiful things I have ever seen, as Joe is overcome with human  compassion for her, and gives her a little happiness.  A stupendous film.
0452277752|5.0|I like horror, of course, and my favorite type of monster is unrealistic and irrational, such as a werewolf or the aliens of the Alien movie series, but I would have to say that the most horrifying story I have ever read is  The Long Walk. The other novellas are also of merit and worth reading, but  The Long Walk - well, it is an experience that is hard to forget. From the  moment the first walker got given his ticket, I read in a state of absorbed  horrified fascination and could not stop. Could not. Read this story deep  into the night and bawled my eyes out when it ended, because it was so  horrible. The whole story - well, it's one of the best future-horror  stories ever written - like 1984 but a lot more pointed and horrific.  This  set of novellas helped me look at game shows in a whole different way and  showed me that horror surrounds us and is potentially everywhere. I love  Stephen King's novellas and short stories - it is in these areas that he  shows his mastery. I think the whole novel a year thing ruins his  money-making writing - heaps of it is trite compared to this!
6304077955|5.0|Mike Leigh, perhaps the most underrated or overlooked film director of late, creates nothing short of a masterpiece.   Through Johnny, excellently portrayed by David Thewlis, we get to see the dark side of London.  I  should only say that Mike Leigh himself is a genius--an overly used word  but in this case fitting--for having written and directed such a smart  film.  Equally interesting are all the other characters in the film.  Pay  close attention to the dialogue and you will note the genius of Leigh.   Also, you'll need to pay close attention because sometimes the accents can  be hard to decipher.  At any rate this film is worth buying.  Also worthy  of buying is Secret and Lies, Life is Sweet and the recently released,  Topsy-Turvy.  Mike Leigh, thank you.
0792151712|5.0|I don't care what other people say, this movie is one of my favorites.  For all of you people who rated it 3 star or below, ya'll people don't know a good movie when you see one!  Sure it's a little inaccurate, but the  special effects and the drama of this movie can't be beaten.  I didn't  watch this movie because of the # of awards it won or because Leonardo  DiCaprio is in it (ugh!) I watched it because it recreates the awful  tragedy of the doomed liner.  You people who do not appreciate this movie  have no respect for the actual 1500 people who died in the frigid Atlantic  Ocean.  This movie is a classic!
0345339681|4.0|This book was good but kinda boring at times.  I hated Chapter 7.  I almost fell asleep through it.  Other than that, this was a really good book.  Another flaw was some of the songs and poems.  Some were just too  long and I really didn't wanna read them.  Some were funny but..long.  And  how would those people think up songs so quickly like that?  I know I can't  do that.  I couldn't make up a song if I tried for weeks.  I reccomend this  book to fantasy fans that have actually read alot before.  If you're new to  fantasy-type novels then....this is not for you.  It's a great way to  introduce yourself to the Lord of the Rings books.  Most of the time, it'll  keep you interested
6304618344|1.0|I spent money to watch this movie and I am very sorry about it. This is one movie that will improve with censorship and scene cutting to fit in ad breaks on TV - and yes, that does mean it is a very bad movie. There were  some things that were ok or interesting but these were few and far between.  Television people, I recommend at least 3 ad breaks in long boat chase to  maintain interest. A friend of mine hired this movie to watch with friends.  At the end they all woke up, and I think that is a really fitting comment  on how good this movie is. Lastly, I just have to bag that &quot;singing in  the rain&quot; scene - one of the most truly awful, misguided attempts to  create emotion I have ever seen in a movie. My mouth dropped open in  amazement for the only time during the whole boring show - I was amazed  that anyone could do anything that awful and then leave it in a movie for  other people to suffer.  WARNING: If you enjoy any form of complex mental  activity do not watch Face Off.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Simply one of their best releases. I will admit, i have not been a die hard fan of metallica since the kill em all days. in fact for a long time i hated heavy metal. now i have been captivated by this cd. i have always  loved classical music, but when i heard about this cd, i expected a clumsy  attempt at combining two completely different forms of music. i was  expecting the metallica equivalent of the &quot;Hullabalooza&quot; episode  of the simpsons, in which Cypress Hill ordered an orchestra (insane in the  brain, with pure unchanged classical in the background.) but i convinced  myself to get it one day, and i have not put it down since. no offense to  &quot;hardcore old-school&quot; fans of metallica, but when i heard the  original version of master of puppets, it sounded like it was the S&amp;M  version with both the energy of the live nature of the song and the beauty  of the symphony violently ripped from the song. (not that i dont like the  original metallica-- ride the lightning is incredible) I would recommend  this cd to people who have never heard metallica in their best form-- live;  also to fans of either genres, for you will not be disappointed. it takes  alot of work to successfully mix these two different forms of music, and to  that, i say: my hat is off to you, metallica.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Having both original mono, &amp; the new stereo on a single disc is very nice.  A review below complains about the stereo mix, but, it's a &quot;bonus&quot; to allow the listener to hear the album in a different  way.  Yeah, there are some major differences &amp; a few missing vocals on  the stereo version, however, it's all an incredible listen, &amp; there's  no denying the stereo sound is wonderful, especially considering its added  clarity due to the fact they went back to the first generation instrumental  tracks, &amp; in the computer age, that sound can be maintained as they  sync the vocals.  And after all, these tracks were basically recorded live  in the studio, so it's a real treat to be able to hear the stereo  atmosphere.  There's no replacing the mono, but that's not the intention.   There are great qualities with each.  &quot;Caroline No&quot; sounds  sensational in stereo.  The Pet Sounds Sessions box is a total gem, but if  that's too expensive, this is highly highly recommended, &amp; hey, even  for those with that set, why not fork out once again &amp; get both on mono  &amp; stereo on 1 convenient disc (with some new notes as an added catch).   What an album, Brian.
B00001U0GQ|3.0|I'm a fan of this movie, and my low rating has to do with displeasure at the director's cut version.  The original version had its problems, but Mann went overboard in trying to correct those problems and messed up the  movie.<br />I've read all of the other reviews here, and people have already  touched on many of the major changes in the DVD version.  I won't rehash  the previous comments.  I wrote this review because I don't think anybody  yet has mentioned some very important changes made to the director's cut.  Taken as a whole, this director's cut is a significantly different movie  from the original, much like how Blade Runner got changed completely.  Since I don't have a copy of the original version, I can only make  comparisons from memory, so bear with me if I make some mistakes.<br />As a  previous review noted, the intent of the director's cut seems to have been  to add more historical background and authenticity to the movie.  This does  give a greater richness to the movie, but at the expense of slowing the  pace down noticeably.  Certain scenes have lost a good deal of their  original dramatic effect.  I'm thinking especially of Hawkeye's run through  the meadow during the big massacre outside of the fort.  In the original  version, as I recall, there is a continuous camera shot of Hawkeye, running  at warp speed, looking for Cora, calling out her name, and whacking Hurons  left and right.  Melodramatic, over-choreographed, and faintly reminiscent  of a Kung Fu fight scene for sure, but that brief shot had a real kinetic  energy which got you charged up and let you know in no uncertain terms how  important Cora was to Hawkeye.  In the new version, we see Hawkeye moving  at a more realistic pace, working with Uncas and Chingachgook, and  eventually finding Cora.  More realistic, but also slower, choppier, and  lacking the drama of the original scene.<br />The biggest complaint that I  wanted to post here was that the love story of Uncas and Alice had its  heart  ripped out in this director's cut.  In the original version, the  build up of their love story was very subtle, and consisted only of a few  brief shots of them together.  Through their body language, we can see that  there is a mutual attraction, and that Uncas feels increasingly protective  of Alice.  These shots appear to have all been cut out.  In the new  version, by the time they are in the cave under the waterfall, you have no  clue that Uncas and Alice have developed any sort of fondness for each  other.  In fact, when Uncas grabs Alice to pull her back from the entrance  of the cave, and then hugs her tight, my immediate reaction was to think,  hey, guy, you shouldn't do that, how do you know that she likes you, she  should haul off and sock you for making a pass at her.<br />This lack of  development of their love story continues to trouble the director's cut  into the final fight scene.  Uncas races ahead of his companions to take on  Magua's war party single handedly in a fight to the death.  Why?  In the  original version, it was immediately obvious that he was driven by his  heroic love for Alice and this love overcame his good judgement.  In this  director's cut, Uncas just looks like an inexplicable idiot.  Later in the  final fight scene, when Alice looks down the cliff before jumping off the  cliff, the original version makes it apparent that she was looking at  Uncas' lifeless body and that she jumped to join Uncas in death because she  loved him.  With the director's cut, the lack of development of their love  story changes the explanation for Alice's suicide -  it looks more like she  is just so frightened by Magua standing in front of her with a bloody knife  that she kills herself two minutes before the rescuers arrive.  And so,  instead of a tragic lover's death, the director's cut makes Alice look like  an idiot also. (I think, in the original version, there was a brief shot of  the two bodies side by side at the bottom of the cliff - to emphasize the  original reason for Alice's jumping off the cliff - this shot also seems to  be missing from the director's cut).<br />The love story of Hawkeye and Cora  also suffers.  In the original version, they had a lot more scenes together  at the fort.  Many of those as I recall were somewhat anachronistic verbal  battles - very 1990's sexual tension sort of stuff.  There was also a  scene of a shirtless and very buff looking Hawkeye (not the bedroom arrest  scene) where it becomes instantly obvious to Cora and everyone watching the  movie why this scruffy mountaineer might make for an attractive mate.  Mann  seems to have cut out all these scenes in the name of authenticity.  But,  he didn't have any other scenes available of Hawkeye and Cora together to  take their place.  So, the sum total of these cuts makes Hawkeye and Cora's  feelings for each other a big mystery until all of a sudden they go off to  a corner of the fort to hug and kiss.  The way the kissing scene is  presented is very abrupt in the new version.  As I recall, in the original  version, there was this long and very beautiful buildup where the two of  them first size each other up while the fiddle is playing in the  background.<br />Anyway, if you have a copy of the original version as well  as the director's cut, I'm sure that you could do a more accurate scene by  scene comparison.  People should know that the director's cut takes out a  lot more scenes than it adds in, making for a very different and inferior  movie.the cliff - to emphasize the  original reason for Alice's jumping off the cliff - this shot also seems to  be missing from the director's cut).<br />The love story of Hawkeye and Cora  also suffers.  In the original version, they had a lot more scenes together  at the fort.  Many of those as I recall were somewhat anachronistic verbal  battles - very 1990's sexual tension sort of stuff.   There was also a  scene of a shirtless and very buff looking Hawkeye (not the bedroom arrest  scene) where it becomes instantly obvious to Cora and everyone watching the  movie why this scruffy mountaineer might make for an attractive mate.  Mann  seems to have cut out all these scenes in the name of authenticity.  But,  he didn't have any other scenes available of Hawkeye and Cora together to  take their place.  So, the sum total of these cuts makes Hawkeye and Cora's  feelings for each other a big mystery until all of a sudden they go off to  a corner of the fort to hug and kiss.   The way the kissing scene is  presented is very abrupt in the new version.  As I recall, in the original  version, there was this long and very beautiful buildup where the two of  them first size each other up while the fiddle is playing in the  background. <br />Anyway, if you have a copy of the original version as well  as the director's cut, I'm sure that you could do a more accurate scene by  scene comparison.  People should know that the director's cut takes out a  lot more scenes than it adds in, making for a very different and inferior  movie.
B00000099Y|4.0|Of all of the Tool albums out (Opiate,Undertow,and Aenima), i would defintely say that Aenima is the best.  It takes the raw power of Opiate and refines it a little more with dinamic drumming, and melodious guitar  riffs throughout the album.But it doesnt have the &quot;in your face&quot;  power and &quot;freshness&quot; as does Opiate.    The album takes you up  and down Maynard's emotional rollercoaster, and at times makes you feel  like it's your own ride.  As was Undertow, there are deep emotional and  spiritual songs.  There is a psychodelic quality to just about each song,  which gives the album more substance, but at times you get lost in the trip  and dont know exactly what Manyards singing about, but the emotion and  energy throughout the album make up for the lack of unintelligible lyrics.     Overall, i would say this album is more complex musicaly and lyricaly,  than the other 2 albums. Aenima is definitaly a c.d. to purchase if you are  a Tool fan,it rocks throughout and keeps your adreniline pumping the whole  time, but dont expect it to be like either of the 2 albums before it.But if  you are a true Tool fan that would already be expected.
1573225517|4.0|This is a great book! I especially like the enourmous amount of musical references (music afterall defines who we are) and the British setting.  This book establishes that you don't have to be someone to be someone and grants hope for all of us that aren't quite sure where we are heading in  life.
0790734850|5.0|This was definitely the best film of 1997.  I agree with another reviewer that it's sad to see the Acadamy Awards sinking as far as they have.  It used to be they would usually vote for the best and not necessarily the  most popular choice. This film has a good story, fabulous characters, a  vision of LA that most people have never seen, and a gritty edge that  modern filmmakers can create.  Kim Basinger DID deserve her Award and I  question the sanity of any reviewer who says she looked ten years too old  to play her part.  What woman wouldn't kill to look as luminous as Kim.  She's never been lovlier.  As for the guys--somebody should have received  an Oscar.  Russell Crowe is a great talent and I think the Acadamy should  give him an Oscar in 99 for The Insider just to make up for that snub.  Guy  Pierce and Spacey are both just as good.  My mother came to LA is 1959  (this story takes place in the early 50s, not the 1940s) and the look of  this film really took her back.  It's a film that takes the best of the  film noir tradition but adds the modern touch.  Best film of the 1990s!
B000003TA4|5.0|There are great rock 'n' roll records and then there are timeless classics. I give this CD 5 stars because it contains excellent music that influenced lots of horrible wannabes. Its success also changed the  marketing of music, for better or worse (any listen to a god-awful  cookie-cutter &quot;new rock alternative&quot; station in any city might  make you curse Nirvana's existence). No doubt &quot;Nevermind&quot; is a  hugely influential record. But &quot;The Greatest Record of the 90s&quot;  (Spin magazine)? Please, is this a joke? Do you still listen to your copy  of &quot;Nevermind&quot;? I don't. Why? Because it doesn't have a timeless  sound that still sounds fresh no matter what year it is.  &quot;Nevermind&quot; sounds like 1991, period. It's a record that people  made into a trend. And like Led Zeppelin, Nirvana is a very very good band  that influenced so many bad bands, one almost wishes they never recorded in  the first place. This is an unpopular view, but I still really like  &quot;Nevermind&quot; a lot. I just don't think it's one of the all-time  great rock 'n' roll records.
079284470X|5.0|This movie was one I had seen sometime when I was a kid, and now that I'm older, it's pretty interesting! I'm a kid born in the 80's who wished it would never end, and this has the perfect chemistry.  The fact of Johnathan  making a Mannequin who assumes the form of Emmy, an Egyptian Princess when  he's alone is awesome.   The story takes something that I've loved and  found in japanese animation and stories: an unlucky in love guy through  some form of magic or surreal circumstances finds the girl of his dreams.   Of course, we have our bad guys who try to break them up.  In this one,  Emmy is kidnapped and as if she were the damsel in distress, Jonathan comes  to her rescue with the aid of Hollywood, probably the coolest homosexual  actor on screen: the major comic relief.     The soundtrack is awesome, and  now I'm trying to find it.  As well, Kim Cattrell is great, and her acting  with Andrew McCArthy is believable, that you don't think of them as actors.   The crew they must have found to make mannequins resembling Cattrell is  great, and makes good use of low-tech effects.  If you go to a store or  need something to rent that is pretty good, here's your answer. P.S. Do not  see Mannequin 2.  As far as I'm concerned, that one doesn't exist.
0800184327|5.0|&quot;Dance With Me&quot; was a really great movie that worked on many levels. It had great music, an enthusiastic, fun-loving cast, a great storyline, believable characters, sensitivity, romance, and a happy ending.   This was accomplished without the use of gratuitious sex, violence, and  bad language that seems to be all too common in todays movies of lesser  character. Vanessa L. Williams was great as dancer Ruby, and Chayanne was  wonderful and romantic as her male love-interest, though he did have a  tendency to smile way too much. They were amazingly romantic, full of  chemistry, Chayanne was very convincing in his role as a man with dubious  parentage. Chayanne is hot, yes, but even hotter was the man who played  Vanessa L. William's ex-partner, the father of her son, and competetion  partner during the Latin dance contest sequence. He is an extremely sexy  man!  I only wish that he, Valenzuela (the male Valenzuela--not the woman  one), could have gotten WAY more screen time.      This movie makes you  want to get up and dance.  It moves you in more ways than one.  I've  watched it at least twenty-five times since it was released (very limitedly  in the theaters), and I will watch it, no doubt, twenty-five more times  before it's all over. This is a fantastic, glamourous movie, and if you  prefer a little &quot;ethnicity&quot; in your movies as opposed to  formulaic movies like &quot;Strictly Ballroom&quot; or &quot;Dirty  Dancing,&quot; and if you want to hear great Afro-Carribbean-Latin sounds  and see some of the best dancers in the world, this movie is for you.
0553278223|5.0|I love The Martian Chronicles~~it's definitely one of my all~time favorite books.  It pulls you into it; you get curious and can't put it down.  I reccomend it to anyone who has an imagination.  <br />To people who think it's too unrealistic~ fiction isn't SUPPOSED to be reaslistic....that's the  whole point.  And in order to read it, you have to totally escape reality  and let the author invade your mind with ideas and thoughts you would never  think of by yourself.  That's the fun of it!   :o)
6305633177|4.0|&quot;Cliff 'Em All&quot; is the ultimate tribute to Cliff Burton, former bass player of Metallica.  This video consists of 90 minutes of Metallica concert footage from 1983 to 1986 (Keep in mind that all of this footage  was shot on early '80s VHS film, so the video and audio quality are  extremely poor for DVD.)  The video has been cleaned up somewhat from the  VHS release of this title, but imperfections from the source tape are still  easily recognizable.  The audio is in mono, and isn't of the best quality,  but it does come across a tad cleaner with DVD.  However, this is a  must-buy for hardcore Metallica (and possibly even Megadeth - Dave Mustaine  plays on a few songs) fans simply for the fact that it captures the early  vengeance of live Metallica, and is the ultimate tribute to Cliff Burton.   Don't expect super hi-res picture quality or Dolby 5.1 surround; just  expect raw, angry, intelligent heavy metal from the best rock band of all  time.
0375703764|5.0|Basically I'll say this: the book is a challenge, and the&quot;no vivifying center&quot; bit he states is sofitting. Admittedly I'm not even through this book yet, but I EXPECTit to have no center because that is the inherent metaphor in and underneath the text. It is, GASP, a metaphor. If House of Leaves is to be described using a Hollywood sell-out &quot;indie film&quot; as a cultural reference as Alexander M Maidy will attempt then those who mistakenly purchase this book will expect the new &quot;less is more&quot; paradigm and won't freakin' enjoy it! As a kid who suffered through William S. Burroughs &quot;Naked Lunch&quot; and was surprised that the film was in some ways better, I can appreciate that the endless footnotes and critical analysis might put off the pulp fiction affectionados but, come on! This book confounds the brain for minutes, meanders between incoherence and sex and sublime juxtopositions to keep you reading. I can't put it down. I guess I AM pretentious. House of Leaves will become an anti-establishment classic on par with anything by Ballard, Burroughs, and perhaps Thompson. If you haven't ever tried to cop a buzz from a stranger and learned what a mistake that can be, don't bother starting now by picking up this book - you won't understand it. As the very first page after the forward states: This is not for you.  I unfortunately missed my opportunity to meet the author at his signing.  DAMN!
630264366X|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time.Gregory Peck was great as Hugh O' Flaghtery.The musical score is excellent as is the acting.A great film.
0694003611|5.0|I am a preschool teacher and have a naproom full of toddlers.  This book is requested every day at nap time.  It is very sing-songy and the children love it!   I cannot express how great this book is, it relaxes the children and they immediately drift off to sleep.  If you have children,  this book is a must for your library.
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon is a fascinating novel about the women behind the Arthurian legend; Igraine, Arthur's mother,Vivane and Morgause, his aunts, Morgaine, his half-sister, and Gwenhwyfar, his wife. The epic tells of Arthur's birth, the deaths of Vivane, Igraine, and Uther Pendragon, the  life story of Morgaine, and the powerful struggle between Christianity and  The Old Faith. I would say that this book is as good as any of the reviews  for it. At 874 pages, it makes a good read....  for a couple of months. You  have to excercise some maturity because of several rather graphic scenes.  The book is extremely well-written, and I think that it was genius to write  about the Arthurian legend from the women's point of view. I give this book  five stars, and would reccomend it to any mature adults
B00000JCB2|4.0|I think this was a cool CD.  There were a few songs I didn't like, but I liked the way they do different things after songs.  Limp Bizkit is a awsome band.
0684872153|5.0|I was first drawn into reading Angela's Ashes when I passed it in a bookstore. The cover caught my eye...the sad looking little face. When I read the book, I could not put it down! It only took me two days to read  it. The book is very well writen, Frank McCourt does a wonderful job, even  without the puncuation! The writing style is very unique, and that caught  my attention.  The reading was quick, because the book was so interesting I  could never put it down! I recommend this book to all of my friends, and  even strangers! This is my favorite book of all times! I give my thanks to  Frank McCourt, for such a wonderful book, and I am eagerly finishing 'Tis,  which is just as good! Sarah
B00003CWPR|2.0|I can't say very many good things about this movie.  Pretty poor and stupid storyline.  Basically, nothing but Tom Cruise walking around coming close to having an affair.  A lot of nude women on display ... this one  will make a good one for late night cinemax some day.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|wonderful album.lyrics are amazing and her sound is much better than her debut. best album since mutations-beck
0783233477|2.0|This movie was not very good. Unless you're female then you probably thought it was awesome because of Brad Pitt. I figure the only good part of the movie was when Brad Pitt got hit by the two cars. That was hilarious!
B00000IPAX|4.0|What the hell happened here? These songs could be classified as pop. I think &quot;Adam's Song&quot; is one of the most annoying songs, it's too slow. Most of the tracks on this CD are slow and pop-like. If they are  still a punk band, Blink182 should be producing punk music like before.  &quot;Dammit&quot; is one of my all time favourite songs and none of the  songs on Enema of the State could compare to it.  This CD is alright, but  there are heaps of other punk bands out there that are producing CD's much  better, such as MxPx, another band I like. Although some of their songs can  be slow at times, they are still producing good music. Buy this CD, if you  want. It's not too bad.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|&quot;I KNEW I LOVED YOU... AS A LITTLE GIRL I ALWAYS DREAMT OF WHAT MY PRINCE CHARMING WOULD BE LIKE. I WAS 16 YRS. OLD WHEN I FINALLY MET HIM AND COULDN'T BELIEVE HOW CLOSE HE WAS TO THE MAN I DREAMED I WOULD FALL IN LOVE  WITH. AFTER MANY YEARS OF A WONDERFUL RELATIONSHIP WE PARTED WAYS, BUT HE  IS STILL AND ALWAYS WILL BE MY BEST FRIEND. I ACTUALLY DID LOVE HIM BEFORE  I MET HIM.THESE GUYS ARE DEEP, EVERY TIME I LISTEN TO THAT SONG I GO BACK  TO THAT VERY SPECIAL TIME IN MY LIFE. THANKS FOR THE MEMORIES , I WISH YOU  MUCH SUCCESS
B0000026WD|5.0|Michael's &quot;Dangerous&quot; album is by far his greatest work to date. The album is powered by quality and a variety of different styles of music. This is far greater than his work on &quot;Off The Wall&quot;,  &quot;Thriller&quot;, &quot;Bad&quot;, and the latest 2 albums  &quot;HIStory&quot;, and &quot;Blood On The Dancefloor&quot;. This album,  in my opinion is highly underrated and should have sold more records. Had  the incident of 1993 never have happened, we would have seen  &quot;Dangerous&quot; gone farther. I hope Michael's next album is just as  great, or even better!
B000002UJQ|5.0|HELLO ALL RADIO&amp;HEADS.FIRST OF ALL I WOULD LIKE TO SAY THAT ALL STARS FROM THE SPACE ARENT ENOUGH FOR THIS BRILLIANT,AMAZING AND EXHAUSTING ALBUM.ITS THE BEST CD EVER.I HOPE YOURE THE SAME MEANING.I CANT LIVE  WITHOUT THIS ALBUM,I MUST HEAR IT EVERY DAY.THE SONGS ARE REALLY  GREAT,ARENT THEY?EVERYBODY MUST HEAR IT.RADIOHEAD/AND PUMPKINS/IS THE  GREATEST BOND IN SPACE.THEY CAN PUT YOU IN THE TRANS AND YOU CAN JUST  SIT,LISTEN MUSIC AND DO NOTHING.YOU MUST CONCENTRATE YOUR THOUGHTS ON THE  MUSIC.ENJOY LISTENING.
B00000JMQD|5.0|This movie is based on L. Frank Baum's second and third books &quot;The Land of Oz&quot; and &quot;Ozma of Oz&quot; It is a very good movie, but if you are not at least a little bit familiar with the books you may get lost. Although this movie is based on the books and not the MGM classic Dorothy  still has her magical Ruby Slippers, which in the books were only silver  shoes! All and all it is a movie any OZ buff should be shore to see!
B000002UJQ|5.0|HELLO ALL RADIO&amp;HEADS.FIRST OF ALL I WOULD LIKE TO SAY THAT ALL STARS FROM THE SPACE ARENT ENOUGH FOR THIS BRILLIANT,AMAZING AND EXHAUSTING ALBUM.ITS THE BEST CD EVER.I HOPE YOURE THE SAME MEANING.I CANT LIVE  WITHOUT THIS ALBUM,I MUST HEAR IT EVERY DAY.THE SONGS ARE REALLY  GREAT,ARENT THEY?EVERYBODY MUST HEAR IT.RADIOHEAD/AND PUMPKINS/IS THE  GREATEST BOND IN SPACE.THEY CAN PUT YOU IN THE TRANS AND YOU CAN JUST  SIT,LISTEN MUSIC AND DO NOTHING.YOU MUST CONCENTRATE YOUR THOUGHTS ON THE  MUSIC.ENJOY LISTENING.
B00003Q438|5.0|One of the most exciting thriller-adventure-fantasy films ever.  Don't miss the director's cut, as it makes the goings-on much clearer and more satisfying.
6305594252|4.0|THe first time I saw Stargate, I wanted it to be longer. I felt some edits were rushed &amp; not enough exposition. Well, the special edition is the version I WANTED to see. There is a bit more back story on 1928 and also  with Kurt Russell &amp; the Air Force knowing more than they led  on.<br />Overall, this improves the movie.
B000002TWN|5.0|Most CD's I buy for only one or two songs. Other CD's you have to listen to repeatedly to like it and get used to it. D'Angelo's CD was an instant favorite. After the first sitting I knew I had to play it again, and again,  and again... And just when I thought the CD had passed it's excitement, I  listened to it when I was on some &quot;brown sugar.&quot; That was the  best experience I've ever had. It takes you to a whole other world! I  listen to this CD everytime I visit Mary Jane. :-)
B00000IO4J|5.0|Unlike other horror flicks, such as 'scream' and 'i know what you did last summer'. The faculty was actually different and not just some phycho trying to kill people for whatever the reason. The plot was original and truly  EXCELLANT. about parasites taking over earth. I know, that sounds really  stupid, but it isn't. The cast is great too. Especially Josh Hartnett, I  was impressed by him(and not just coz of his look, lol). He portrayed zeke  very well. The rest of the cast were great too. And this horror movies  actually teaches you something meaningful. (Not remember to buy double  locks to keep the 'phycho' away) It talked about how people treats each  other. All these stereo types, and blah blah. Really awesome movie. SEE IT
B0000011N5|5.0|I can't improve on what the previous posters said about the second set of songs. It's as good as folk gets. Period. <br />As for the first set of songs, although there is a fair amount of sixties harpsichord psychedelic  instumentation, why is it no one has noticed that a song like &quot;Skip  Along Sam&quot; is way more influenced by jazz than psychedelia (go for  &quot;Hurdy Gurdy man, if you want power-psychelia at its ultimate). In  fact, some of the organ sylings also are seasoned with jazz influences, not  to mention the flutes. Wasn't Donovan's dad a jazz drummer? I think Donovan  in Concert features his dad on drums. <br />So while I'll certainly concede  psychedelic twinges here and there, I get a jazz/folk vibe from the first  set of songs.<br />As for the poster who wishes this first set of songs  weren't on the CD, all I can say is that since I purchased the CD I have  played it continuously, and have been completely enamored by the whole  thing which is EVEN BETTER THAN I REMEMBER IT.<br />A Gift From a Flower to a  Garden is also the favorite CD of my Himalayan cat, which is the highest  recommendation I can give it.
B000006045|5.0|More than much-touted releases from Portishead or Goldie or Radiohead, Mezzanine opened my ears to the raw possibilities of contemporary music and production techniques. It's definitely one of the most vividly realized  albums I've ever heard, from any genre of music. At the same time, it's  drastically different than the laid-back Blue Lines debut or the eclectic,  dancy Protection. These are dense, lugubrious, menacingly dark tunes,  perfect for cruising aimlessly in your black Beamer, looking cool. Also  great headphone music. The first four songs are a hypnotic series that draw  you into this album entirely. Teardrop has especially entrancing, beautiful  vocals from Liz Fraser. The two versions of Exchange are tinged with jazz  and recall the laid-back motif of Blue Lines. The latter half of Mezzanine  is even darker and slower-paced than the beginnings. This album is a unique  treasure that belongs in your library if you're a fan of quality,  experimental music.
0312117337|4.0|I recently purchased Osho Zen Tarot cards, each card has its own beauty in it.  The cards show in a beautiful way of expressing the inner feelings and the events of today's life.  I love the illustrations on each deck of the card, not only does it express the meaning of the card, but everything  around it.
B000002MY3|4.0|Well, this was the first popular music CD I ever purchased. Since then, my infant collection's expanded to 100+ albums. Although my tastes tend to lean toward hip-hop and electronic music, and I've been finding alternative  rock pretty stale lately, Jagged Little Pill still captures my interest.  Since its debut, there haven't been too many releases by female songwriters  that could match its power and musicality (Fiona Apple being one good  exception). Alanis' vocals on All I Really Want and Head Over Feet are  truly unforgettable, and demonstrate her talent and honesty as a  songwriter. Other favorites are Forgiven and You Oughta Know for their  eloquent angst. If you've never heard any Alanis, skip the disappointing  follow-up and get Jagged Little Pill.
0679746048|5.0|I am only thirteen years old, and I read this book and related to it completely!   I know what it's like to feel like you're all alone in this world much like Susanna Kaysen did.  I have an anxiety disorder, but it is  not nearly as serious as any of the mental illnesses in this book!   However, the basic idea that people who are viewed as &quot;crazy&quot; may  just be as normal as the next person you see going to work or running to  catch the bus.  It's great that somebody has pointed that out.  When I was  first diagnosed with an anxiety disorder, I too felt that I was crazy and  that no one would understand what I was going through.  Although, I never  got to the point where I wanted to commit suicide.  The book was not only  dramatic, it was kind of funny in a dark way.  One page I was laughing at  for about a half hour.  SPOILER: The part where Lisa came into Daisy's room  with chicken and laxatives, that cracked me up!   I recommend this book to  anybody who's every felt they were &quot;crazy&quot;.
B00000JHAU|5.0|This album is totally fantastic. It is on a total par with Tigermilk. There is not a bad track on here. The Bob Dylan influences are large but that is a good thing. The best tracks here (as opposed to just very good)  are 1,2,4,5,6,9,and 10!  This is some of the most beautiful music i have  heard in years. All the people who regard trance etc as 'proper' music  should come take a look at this. Anyway, just buy this album.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Blink 182 has made a Cd worth play on the radio a couple times, not every day on the radio and mtv.  There are MUCH better bands out there.  I can't stand people who just listen to mtv music. Although blink 182 is not quite  like the fabrications of the Boy bands, there are better bands out there  like THE HIPPOS.
B000002O1Q|5.0|I agree 100% with Jeremy. I originally bought this soundtrack for Dan Hartman's &quot;I Can Dream About You&quot;, but &quot;Tonight Is What It Means To Be Young&quot; quickly move to #1 for me. I keep hoping someone  will remake the song but no one's done it yet. I should probably get the CD  soon...my cassette is wearing out after 14 years of listening.
6305499365|5.0|This movie is sooooo awesome! Even if you don't work in a cubical you can still relate,because there is something or someone at every job that really gets on people's last nerve! I've watched this movie over and over wishing  I could do something like that to my workplace. Of course you could never  get away with anything like that in real life and it would be a dumb thing  to attempt, but that's why we have the movie to watch, and it could  possibly give you some inspiration to not let people run over you.  Definitely a must see, but you'll want to watch it over and over so BUY  IT!Trust me..
B000002MFN|3.0|This may not be my favorite madonna album, yet I get into the mood to listen to it fairly frequently.  Its got that sound that makes you want to slink around erotically.  Simply put its erotic, which is not to say its  dirty at all.  Its a fun, but more sophisticated sounding album,  provocative and intelligent.  Give it a go!
0553296981|2.0|So many teenage reviewers thought this book 'well-written', 'a masterpiace', 'a must-read'.  The whole point of this diary's publication was to show the world that every person killed by the nazis had a personality, a family, and was just like you.  Therefore, this book is  about a 13-year-old jewish girl growing up in hiding.  It does not concern  the holocaust as the hype says.  So, unless you want to read about a young  girl's day-to-day life, look elsewhere.
0155805304|5.0|This is the version used in my college Shakespeare courses, way back in 1972! It was lost in a housefire, and I haven't seen it since.  The one hundred page introduction is dense and rich in historical detail.  This IS the best version I have ever encountered. What a find!
B00000IFWE|5.0|Although not as radio friendly as some of his latest albums, Tom still manages to hook, line, and sinker you with one. It does take a few listenings to grow comfortable with and truly enjoy, but it is well worth  it. Initially feeling a little let down, I continued to listen to it and  found it to actually be better than Wildflowers.
9700507998|5.0|Todos tenemos nuestra historia personal por realizar, y este libro nos ensea que en ocasiones los obstaculos nos hacen perder el sueo, sin embargo si dios nos lo puso en nuestra mente es porque sabe que somos  capaces de realizarlos, gracias por este libro . eucarisp@cantv.net
B000002BBY|4.0|I love the song &quot;Wonderwall.&quot; Finally, a rock song that succeeds at being romantic! It's touching and poignant and I think it's some of Oasis's best work. The rest of the CD is great, too. Oasis is definitly a  band to watch. The lyrics were catchy and I could picture a guy feeling  that way. Very good work on the part of Oasis.
6305750750|5.0|I am a Star Wars fan as well as a movie fan. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, it had very great ideals, and an involved inner plot involving political intrigue and wonder. I loved every minute as did all other 18(!)  people I saw it with for the first (but not last) time on May 19, 1999. I  cant wait to view it again and then again and again!
B00004RYZT|4.0|Rammstein rule, and the camera work on this live concert was perfect. The sound and effects are incredible, and It would have gotten 5 stars if there wasn't slight pixelation at the resolution I run at (1024x768)<br />I would  reccomend this
B00003000M|5.0|I'm not a die hard Marley fan, but I've been listening to one of his most popular albums for several years. Hearing the songs on this album seemed a little weird the first time around but soon I became used to the remixes  and ad-ins. After I heard it a few times it turned into my favorite album.  I buy a lot of CD's. This is my favorite in a long while. I also recommend  the Jimi Hendrix Blues Album. My favorite song on the Marley album is the  one with Lauryn Hill. Also, I like the one with Busta.
0345347951|5.0|This is, without a doubt, the best book I have ever read.  Arthur C. Clarke is a genius.  The way it spans so many years and so many characters is awesome, and the Overlords are wicked.  I won't reveal too much about this book, because if you've never read it, there are a lot of surprises  along the way, and I don't want to ruin that for anyone, and that's what  makes it so awesome.  This book is far superior to anything ever written,  including Clarke's own &quot;2001&quot;.  Check this out, you won't regret  it.  Thank you Mr. Clarke, for this brilliant masterpiece.
B000000OTU|4.0|This is a pretty good album.  This was my first Aerosmith album that I bought.  I'm glad that I chose this one.  Some of my favorites would be: &quot;Livin' On The Edge&quot;, &quot;Janie's Got A Gun&quot;,  &quot;Amazing&quot;, and &quot;Crazy&quot;.  I would definitely recommend  this album.  Loved it!
6305499365|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen!  Mike Judge and his brand of humor truly know no bounds.  Best of all, it was filmed in Austin, where I live!  No movie filmed here is even half this good!  You don't have  to work in an office to find this funny, you just have to know what it's  like to be human, and that's kinda the point of this movie.  It works on so  many levels, and you've never laughed so hard in your life.  &quot;Watch  your cornhole&quot; is probably my favorite movie quote.  Could do without  the rap music, but all in all, this movie is great, so check it out.  Mike  Judge is the man!
6305358613|5.0|Cate Blanchett steals the show with a breath-taking performance of Elizabeth I.  I am enthralled by great people who tackle great obstacles and Cate Blanchett as Elizabeth I soared over every hurdle.  Watching the  young princess grow into a world leader was truly amazing.  I have heard  some complain about historical innacurracies.  I have no doubt that that is  the case.  You know what else?  Who cares!  This movie, the performance of  Ms. Blanchett, Geoffrey Rush and Mr. Ecclestian in particular, are just too  good to miss.  It's a great movie that I can watch over and over.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Wow, I can't believe how awesome this album is!  A lot of live albums have bad sound quality and aren't worth the money, but this sounds great!  It's like you're really there.  They cover all their greatest hits, from the old  stuff (&quot;Master of Puppets&quot;) to the new stuff (&quot;Hero of the  Day&quot;).  The two new songs are pretty cool, too, but not as memorable  as some of Metallica's songs.  If you are a Metallica fan (I mean a real  Metallica fan, as in you don't think they sold out) then you simply must  buy this CD.  However, I do have some complaints.  For one thing, they  didn't do either &quot;Unforgiven&quot; song, and both of those songs rule,  and second, James Hetfield kind of curbs his growl on most of the songs, as  if he's trying to tone it down for the orchestra, and that kind of detracts  from the impact of the music, especially on &quot;Battery&quot; and  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;.  The last thing, which is a small thing, is  that he throws some cursing into many of the songs.  I don't mind cursing  that much, but that's the great thing about Metallica, they can rock hard  without having to swear too much, and it just doesn't seem to fit.  But,  it's not too bad, I wouldn't consider them &quot;explicit lyrics&quot;.  In  conclusion, despite those things, this is a truely amazing album, and only  further proves Metallica is the best there is, the best there was, and the  best there ever will be.  Buy &quot;S&amp;M&quot; today!
B000002BHE|2.0|I am giving the 2 stars to the U.S. release because recently I had been to Canada and just happened to browse around in a CD store and came across Falling Into You.  To my disappointment, there was an extra track on the  canadian CD that wasn't on the one I bought back home in America called  Your Light.  It's a really good song and I don't know why it was left off  the U.S. disc.  Not only that, but that song was released worldwide
B00001NFCY|5.0|Addicting.  One of the best overall CD's I have bought.  Unlike a lot of other recent purchases I have made of some big name bands, every track is great.  Must pick it up.
B000002BHE|2.0|I am giving the 2 stars to the U.S. release because recently I had been to Canada and just happened to browse around in a CD store and came across Falling Into You.  To my disappointment, there was an extra track on the  canadian CD that wasn't on the one I bought back home in America called  Your Light.  It's a really good song and I don't know why it was left off  the U.S. disc.  Not only that, but that song was released worldwide
B000002TLX|5.0|ive worn my throat out, trying to tell everyone how great richard marx's songs are. if you buy his cd, you have no choice but to love the songs. and his voice? gorgeously smooth and incredibly rough at the same time.love  him.
B00000AFHM|5.0|I think that this is one of the best albums I have ever heard. I bought it a year ago and I still havn't tired of listening to it. The high points of this album are the songs Sleep the Clock Around, Summer Wasting, Arab  Strap, and Rollercoaster. These are the catchiest tunes I have ever heard.   If you like Nick Drake, The Smiths, Simon and Garfunkle, Billy Bragg, or  Robyn Hitchcock, you'll definitely like this album, and other albums by  Belle and Sebastian
B00003CWN2|5.0|&quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; is the most phenomnial movie that I've ever seen.<br />I saw this movie in a tiny upstairs theater in Ashland, Oregon, and was thoroughly shaken and impressed when I walked out.<br />&quot;Boys Don't  Cry&quot; is the story of a girl who is posing as a boy because that is  what makes her the most comfortable with herself and with the way she wants  to live. The story takes place in a small town where she (the character's  name is Teena Brandon, played by Hilary Swank) meets and falls in love with  a girl who lives there while posing as a male. It's based on a true  story... and it's phenomnial. The budget for the movie was something like  $2 million, which is SMALL for a current day film, and it was beautifully  done.<br />The movie is just about the trials that Teena as Brandon goes  through as guy... the people he interacts with, how he has to deal with  things as a man...and how comfortable it is. It's also about love... The  love of the girlfriend's family who &quot;adopts&quot; Brandon when they  get together... the way Brandon and his new friends intereact... what  Brandon does to get accepted... and the love between Brandon and his new  girlfriend.<br />The movie is about relationships.  It is about the love and  friendship and all of the joys and sorrows that come with the choices that  are made.<br />Unfortunatly, this movie has been tagged with a lot of  sexuality and gender biases, which may very well keep some people from  seeing it. In almost every review you read you will find terms like  &quot;Transgender&quot;, &quot;Lesbian&quot; or &quot;Homosexuality&quot;.  It's true, those issues do come up in this movie.  But if you are capable  of sitting in the theater and watching without outwardly sneering or being  crude due to your homophobia, then I recommend seeing this movie.<br />I keep  trying to put the experience of seeing this movie into words, and I find  that I just can't.  You need to see it for yourself. All I can say about it  is that I saw it a week and a half ago, and it is almost all that I have  thought about since.  I honestly believe that this movie will change you  and how you view the world.  It certainly changed me.<br />Like I said before,  this is the most phenominal film that I have ever seen. I highly recommend  it.n say about it  is that I saw it a week and a half ago, and it is almost all that I have  thought about since.  I honestly believe that this movie will change you  and how you view the world.  It certainly changed me.<br />Like I said before,  this is the most phenominal film that I have ever seen. I highly recommend  it.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|Mom, could you ask the butler to hand wash my Che T-shirt? And puh-leez make sure that he has it ready in time for the Rage show tonight. I'm going upstairs and try to make it through Das Kapital...again. Those durn big  words keep slowing me down. Thank Moa for a band like Rage. They put things  in simple terms that even I can understand. Oh, and mom, when my friends  come to pick me up - please have the maid stand out back. I don't want 'em  to know we're rich.
B00003CXCK|5.0|Steven Spielberg's Schindler's List stands alone in the hall of Holocaust movies that try to depict the true horror of Nazi aggression against the Jews. The plot, jumpy yet fluid, shows its audience the lives of many of  the Jews affected by the Holocaust who later are helped out by the famous  Oskar Schindler, played by Liam Neeson. Each piece of this film is  something new, something previously unknown to many viewers. Scenes taking  place in the concentration camps are bloody, gruesome, and yet they show  the true horror and terrifying reality of what really happened in Germany  during the 1930's. Liam Neeson's portrayal of Schindler is magnificent, his  demeanor changing many times from giddy to serious to heart-broken. Ralph  Fiennes plays Amon Goeth, one of the cruelest Nazi officers known in  history. Fiennes plays Goeth with cool precision, as a man who had no  problem shooting someone in the back from his villa balcony. A moving  tapestry of strength, death, life, and the will to live, Schindler's List  is a movie for those who need to be touched.
1573301051|5.0|music was great areatha is in a class by her self.. a must have for DvD collectors
0792839676|5.0|Seeing this movie on cable is nothing compared to actually seeing it uncut and rated R. Unlike the ludicrously-conceived sequel, which hit theaters in 1999, this movie does not have a strong emphasis on blood or gore, and  there is an evident emotional factor as well. The viewers can actually  sympathize with Carrie White as she goes through her adolescent period,  endures the hardhips of being the center of ridicule and banter, and her  feelings of happiness when Tommy asks her to the prom. Sissy Spacek plays  her character to a T, making the emotions believable and realistic. Piper  Laurie, who plays her mother, is the pinacle of the tight-fisted parent who  allows for nothing degrading to enter into her child's life or mind. Brian  de Palma has truly done a marvelous job in recreating the Stephen King  classic, and while some factors of the movie and the book differ at  different times, there is still a remaining quality of justice done to the  novel. This movie will also make some people think twice before making fun  of anyone again. To all who see this, I hope you enjoy it.
B00000J2KR|5.0|This film is simply beautiful, a feast for the eyes. It has astark realism from the period; the actors did not use costumes, butactual antique clothes and Kubrick did not use any lighting other than natural light. Gorgeous cinematography captures the beauty of the English landscapes, beautiful sets and a nice score and screenplay (by Kubrick). The story follows the adventures of an Irish rogue who is prepared to do anything to build his way up in life. Kubricks' film seems like a painting; Kubrick found inspiration in the era's painters.  While long it is never boring and the actors shine, but the genius behind it is Kubrick. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 9!
0767805712|5.0|Real-life husband and wife Ethan Hawke and Uma Thurman star in a movie about the human spirit that shows what this world could be like in the near future. Hawke plays Vincent, a man who, like many others in the future  world, in considered a genetic &quot;Invalid.&quot; The beginning of the  film is devoted to the past of Vincent, in which he describes his dream of  going into space with the genetic elite. Enter Jude Law, portraying the man  Vincent soons becomes in order to win a position on the space shuttle. All  is going well until a murder at the Gattaca Aerospace Corporation halts  progress, and signs begin to point to Vincent. I recommend this movie to  all sci-fi fans who like to look for messages in films, though many teens  attracted to this film because of its stars Hawke, Law and Thurman may have  trouble understanding most of the scientific aspects. A well-written  script, superb acting, and a terrific setting make this movie an enjoyable  experience.
B000001Y42|5.0|Even though I cant say I'm a big fan of Limp Bizkit anymore, I can still listen to this cd and remember how good they used to be. The energy that they create on the tracks on this album is almost unmatchable, and its  obvious how they were able to cause riots in the early days during shows.  Now, they're just another MTV servant, and I dont think we're ever gonna  hear another Limp Bizkit album like this one. They had the right idea, but  then they went and changed producers and got less intense and more radio  friendly. Bad choice, cause when it all comes crumbling down, they wont  have anyone left to go to since they've forsaked their true fans.
B000002UB6|5.0|This may not be The Beatles greatest recording moment,but it holds up very well despite all the bashing its gotten over the years.Started January 1969 as Get Back,the original idea was to record an album aux natural with as  little of the production values that has graced their latter albums(Sgt  Pepper,MMT,the white album).Unfortunatly the tedious task of sifting  through the many hours of tape,along with the recording of Abbey Road,left  this project on the shelf.Nearly a year later,it was unshelved and  attempted to be mixed by Glyns Johns,which proved unsucessful.Enter Phil  Spector who went against the &quot;live in the studio&quot; concept and  made a presentable product.Retitled Let It Be,it proved to be a fitting  title as The Beatles disbanded a month before its release date.As for the  album itself,Spector's touches gaves these recording a much needed  polish.In light of the outtakes which surfaced on Anthology 3,the aux  natural concept would not go easy on record buyers ears.A great song even  in its raw form,The Long And Winding Road,although a bit overproduced,is  very stirring.while Across The Universe in Spectors hands,is transformed  into the albums highlight.The title track works better in its single  mix,due to the Spector overdub seem to stiffle the track.George Harrison's  two compositions,I Me Mine and For You Blue,are strong indications of his  later work on Abbey Road and his own All Things Must Pass.Dig A Pony,I've  Got a Feeling and One After 909,although rough rockers,shows the group in  fine form.Two Of Us shows for one last time,the classic chemestry between  Lennon And McCartney.The rooftop performance of Get Back ends the album  with Lennon stating &quot;I hope we passed the audition&quot;.Although many  criticized this album for what its not(especially coming after Abbey  Road)it shows the group as they are at the time,fragmenting all the while  still making great music.
6304383827|5.0|I fell in love with this storyline almost from the beginning.  I think it was the music which first caught my attention.  Music played a big role in describing the feelings of the characters as they progressed through the  movie.  Specifically when Emma tries so hard to &quot;help&quot; everyone  and just doesn't seem to be accomplishing anything.  One of my favorite  romantic lines of all time is when her love tells her: &quot;I rode through  the rain!&quot;  And then he grins and then it disappears as if he wants  her to know how he feels is serious. Oh! I love it!
B000002UB6|5.0|This may not be The Beatles greatest album,but it holds up very well despite all the bashing its gotten over the years.The original idea of the Get Back project was to record an album aux natural with as little of the  production values that has graced their previous albums.Unfortunately the  tedious task of sifting through the many hours of tape,along with the  recording of Abbey Road left this project on the shelf.Nearly a year later  it was unshelfed and attempted to be mixed by Glyns Johns,which proved  unsucessful.Enter Phil Spector who went against the &quot;live in the  studio&quot; concept and made a presentable album.Retitled Let It Be,it  prove to be a fitting title as The Beatles disbanded a month before the  release date.As for the album itself,Spector's touches gave these  recordings a much needed polish especially after listening to the outtakes  on Anthology 3,would be a bit rough on listeners ears.A great song in its  raw form,The Long And Winding Road,although a bit overproduced,is very  stirring,while Across The Universe is transformed into a classic slice of  pop music making.The title song works better in its single mix,due to the  Spector overproduction of the song  seems stiffling .George Harrison's two  compositions,I Me Mine and For You Blue are strong indications of his later  work on Abbey Road and his own All Things Must Pass.I Dig A Pony,I've Got A  Feeling and One After 909,although rough show the group in fine form.And  Two Of Us shows for one last time,the classic chemestry between Lennon And  McCartney.The &quot;rooftop&quot; performance of Get Back ends the album  with John Lennon stating&quot;I hope we passed the audition&quot;.And  though many criticize this album for what its not(SGT Pepper,Abbey Road),it  show the group as they are at the time,fragmenting,yet still making great  music.
1879557541|1.0|Fascinating topic, unbelievably rambling writing style.  Author does an OK job following his various lines of argument, to the point you believe him, but I was very bothered by two things in his writing (aside from the incessant rambling).  The first was the absence of a recognition that  chance must have played a big role in where we ended up ... but the author  seems convinced that the reader needs a rational, pattern-based explanation  for everything.  That is tantamount to biological determinism.  There  couldn't be an explanation for EVERYTHING.  The second &quot;bother&quot;  is that the author never, never ever, has an alternative explanation for  anything.  It would help alot if we had an idea of what the realm of  &quot;scholarly debate&quot; on some of these topics is.  Yet the book is  written as if nobody else ever investigated these issues, and came up with  an equally compelling argument contrary to this author's.  The author seems  intellectually honest enough to recognize that there are other explanations  for things, but he spends no time exploring those other explanations in his  rush to come up with a believable explanation of his own.  Alot of the  foregoing could be forgiven if only the book was well written.
6303481302|5.0|Nouvelle Experience was the first Cirque show I ever saw live (I've seen a total of 4 now). My wife and I were totally amazed at the spectacle of the show. We new (from newspaper reviews) that it was a &quot;new kind of  circus&quot;, but I think that definition is terribly lacking.<br />The video  does a good job of capturing some of the excitement of the live show. The  acts are covered well, with the execption of a couple of the arial acts  where the stage lighting causes annoying flares in the camera.<br />I always  recommend that people go see a Cirque show live before they see the video.  Unfortunately, Cirque is no longer doing this show live. This video is a  good reminder of what you experienced in the theater, but it is no  substitute for sitting in the dark in sheer wonder.
0449227545|2.0|I am a long standing Ken Follett fan. I consider The Pillars of the Earth to be one of my all time favourite books. A magnificent, sweeping, all consuming tale, well worth a reread. Unfortunately, The Hammer of Eden falls far short of the mark. Like the slow low-rumblings of the seismic  generator it chronicles, this story rolls on to an all too predictable  conclusion. I felt like I was reading a hastily written treatment for a  made-for-TV-movie; complete with shallow characters and trashy sex scenes.  Too bad I started longing for commercials.
B000000WZ4|5.0|Touching and more uplifting, than ever in light of the context. Very unfairly slagged but those who know love it<br />WE LOVE YOU DM !
6305750750|2.0|George Lucas should recognize his limitations as a director and a writer, and hand over the next two Star Wars movies over to other people. The Empire Strikes Back was neither written nor directed by Lucas, and that is  why I think it is the best of all the movies thus far. Lucas needs to limit  himself to the role of a consultant. I think the way he is worshipped by  the fans has caused him to lose his ability to be critical of his won work.  I also think he has been hurt by his years away from the camera. He should  have followed Spielberg's lead and took time out from building his empire  to hone his filmaking craft with a few non-sf movies before attempting TPM.  The movie just doesn't have the heart that I thought it needed. Also, the  chemistry between the characters was almost non-existent. Also, I wish  Lucas had not turned down the kid from the Sixth Sense who auditioned for  the Anakin part. He would have been so much better, and he would have been  old enough for there to have been a enough of a spark between him and the  queen to foreshadow their eventual romance. Also, he could have given  enough of an edge to Anakin to lay the groundwork for the darkness coming  in the later chapters. (on the other hand, if he had made TMP he might not  have gotten the chance to make the Sixth Sense - which would have been a  far greater tragedy). I just hope the next two episodes don't disappoint as  much as this did.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Wow, this band is soooo cool!  This is the best purchase I ever made since my blow-up doll!  I'd give this CD 69 stars if I could!
B000002H2H|5.0|This is my 3rd favorite favorite Metallica album (Puppets being 2 and AJFA being no 1) and one of my favorite music albums ever.  Kill em all (metallica's debut) was good and had a raw feeling that is not present in  the later albums; but here Metallica refined their music and the result was  really good.  Fight Fire with Fire is a really good fast song, RTL is ok,  For Whom the Bell Tolls is great- Cliff's work is awesome on that song and  the intro is really cool.  Fade to Black was Metallica's first ballad and  it is one of their best to this day (along with Unforgiven).  Trapped Under  Ice is really awesome and is right up there as what I think is the 3  fastest Metallica Songs (Trapped Under Ice, Damage Inc, and Dyers Eve).  I  didn't like Escape all that much, but Creeping Death and The Call of Ktulu  (even though that one is long) are really good.  This is a must buy for all  metal fans.... highly guaranteed!
B00003CWN3|2.0|I got a picture of how Bradon is portrayed in Boys Don't Cry. But I wonder how he/she is.<br />I don't know the true Bradon and I can't say if he/she has gender identity disorder who needs a sex-change surgery. Even if it's so,  it's nothing about &quot;mentally screwed up&quot;. Bradon was who he/she  was. He/she knows what he/she wants -- a surgery, Lana and life -- maybe  more.<br />The movie is technically good. The editing, composition and rythm.  But I doubt how much the director understands Bradon or the way she deals  with how Bradon is portrayed.<br />Is the true Bradon really both a lesbian  and a transgender? What else? Bradon is portrayed only as a lesbian and a  transgender. Queers have their lives beside their &quot;queer  matters&quot;. Queers have families and friends. Queers are not  queer-only.<br />Please also beware female masculinity does not equate gender  identity disorder. <br />The pain as a transgender is not seen in the movie.  It's not funny or anything about sex appeal in a movie to see Bradon puts  the fake pennis in his/her pants. It's about someone's self image. It's  about someone who wants and are brave enough to be oneself. <br />I hate the  what's-a-dyke scenes -- bathing and having period -- to portray the  ordinary as extra-ordinary.
B00003W8NM|5.0|David Fincher is a master.  After &quot;Seven&quot;, I didn't think it would be possible for him to create better, but he certainly has done just that!  You find yourself dwelling on this movie long after the credits have  disappeared.  Discussions with friends appear never-ending.  A definite  must-own!  Don't allow the violence to steer you clear.  Take the leap!   You won't regret it.  Just keep reminding yourself how great  &quot;Seven&quot; was.  That should do the trick!
B00002RAOU|4.0|Simitar video's transfer to DVD of this classic slasher film is nothing short of an abomination. The picture quality is inferior to my VHS print. Amazon have the aspect ratio as 2.35:1.It is 1.77:1 at best!
B0000042H4|4.0|Most people feel one way or the other about this cycle: it's either the greatest of the greatest or hopelessly overrated. I fall somewhere between these positions but find more things to like than dislike. I find that  Solti's reading scores high marks in the dramatic/heroic sections but falls  short in the lyrical ones.  Das Rheingold is a good performance, and he at  least avoids letting the music drag. In my view it is not a great opera -  below Lohengrin even - but he makes a good case for it. George London's  Wotan is not as distinguished as Hotter's later in the cycle, but is at  least as good as Theo Adam on the Bohm cycle. Gustav Neidlinger as Alberich  is in a class of his own in this role. Kirsten Flagstad as Fricka is superb  of course, and the rest of the cast performs well. I find Die Walkure a bit  of a hit and miss affair, Act I starts like a house on fire but the end of  it is only good, both vocally and orchestrally. James King in the role of  Siegmund is no match for Jon Vickers in Karajan's cycle. Act II goes  better, and Act III starts off like a bang again but is somewhat  dissapointing at the end.  I find Nilsson's Brunnhilde somewhat piercing,  say compared to Hildegard Behrens for Levine, but still a respectable  performance in terms of accuracy and power.  Hotter as Wotan is not on the  same form as he was for Hans Knappertsbusch at Bayreuth in the 1957 Ring,  but is still very good and strongly characterized. Listen to how he sings  &quot;...freier, als ich, der Gott.&quot; during the Farewell, he refrains  from underlining too crudely on the last word, which is appropriate as that  word is punctuated by the orchestra with a pizzicato (plucked) note on the  strings.  The orchestral interlude which immediately follows this, one of  the most famous moments in the opera, reveals the conductor's lack of  mastery of control of rhythm in the original score. Wagner's writing itself  is a bit squarish in meter and needs very subtle control of phrasing to  give the melody enough prominence to cover the faults in the rhythm. Solti  takes a pause or near-pause right before the loudest point in this section,  which is enough to break the &quot;unending&quot; melodic line in the  music. Karajan managed this transition more successfully.<br />Siegfried is on  the whole a successful performance, with Acts I and III having great thrust  but Act II not having quite enough lyricism in the forest music to provide  sufficient contrast. I wish this opera was about an hour shorter (some wags  would say 4 hours). Windgassen as Siegfried sings correctly and  dramatically, but his voice is not very beautiful. Gerhard Stolze as Mime  is outstanding, not overdoing the role one bit. Nilsson sings very  powerfully again, as if she was indeed very well rested. Joan Sutherland in  the small role of the Woodbird provides balm for the ear after a good two  and a half hours of heroic male singing.<br />Gotterdammerung is also a fine  performance, and apart from my earlier reservations about Windgassen and  Nilsson, has an amazingly strong cast, right down to the three  Rhinemaidens. Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau as Gunther deserves special  recognition.  Again Solti makes all the dramatic points tell, and the big  moments in Acts I and III are memorable, except for the same lack of subtle  control of rhythm in the finale of the Immolation of the Gods. Solti's  pause before the final statement of the Assurance motif on the strings is  well known here, but having read the score, to the best of my knowledge,  there is no such pause or rest indicated. At this same point in Karajan's  performance when the woodwinds, brass and percussion fade to silence at the  end of a forte fortissimo section, the strings come in without the  continuous flow of music being interrupted.  <br />The orchestral playing is  superb throughout the cycle and it is good to have every single instrument  called for in the score - some 124 instruments plus additional onesfor  effect where required - such as 8 harps, 20 anvils, etc.  The use of the  steerhorn, with its indeterminate pitch, in Act II of Gotterdammerung for  the summoning of the Vassals is absolutely right and adds to the  coarseness, rawness and earthiness of the scene which follows. I approve of  the John Culshaw production noises, although others may not, for the sake  of adding to the dramatic interpretation. The engineering and balancing  between voices and orchestra has always been exemplary. The Sofiensaal in  Vienna was an ideal venue for this project. Deryck Cooke's commentary is  the epitome of intelligent musicology. The packaging and presentation is  handsome and tasteful.  All in all, it's still a good Ring.
B0000214F0|5.0|I must give props to the makers of this film. It took guts to make a movie so realistic of the represented time. After watching the unrated version, for me to see the rated version would be a waste. After all it would  probably only be about 45 min. long. This movie is not for kids, or people  with weak stomachs. It is not a porno, it is art. Pornos are made so people  can pleasure themselves. Caligula was made to show us a time in world  history. A time before christianity, before modern day morals. This is a  great buy for the simple realistic art.
0446605409|4.0|This book was the best from Demille I have read so far. The wit that often  makes me burst out in laughter is very distinctive. The character John  Corey that has been created in this work is very likeable, although I don't  think this style of writing about these kind of male thoughts appeals to a  lot of women, but I might be wrong about that!? The main character is  definately good for another story and I hope that Demille realizes that.
0783226063|5.0|It's very good film. I think it's a good idea to read the book and review the movie for a better comprehension. I like the sound track also.<br />I hope i will find the DVD with english sound and french and english subtitles.
B00004RFDW|5.0|Michael Mann, one of the finest of American directors, brings to the screen an important story with &quot;The Insider.&quot; This is a film I would compare to Oliver Stone's &quot;JFK.&quot; Al Pacino and Russell  Crowe give incredible performances. The writing, cinematography and the  entire structure of the film are exquisite. Mann and his co-writer, Eric  Roth (Forrest Gump) expertly take a simple 60 Minutes news story and turn  it into a thrilling story. Mann adds a Hitchcockian feel to the atmosphere,  a certain tense paranoia. &quot;The Insider&quot; is extremely effective  because it's also a great parable on the dangers of telling the truth when  a large entity does not want that certain truth to be known. Who cares  about dramatic license? It's what the film says that counts. &quot;The  Insider&quot; is suprerior to Mann's previous work, &quot;Heat,&quot; which  is the best cop thriller I have ever seen. This is an important, exquisite  work.
0195067142|5.0|Absolutely AWESOME!<br />This book was required reading in a WWII history class I took one semester in college.  Not being much for dry, antiseptic history books, I grudgingly began reading it and my mind was blown.<br />This is no boring, third person, tactical/political analasys.  This is a  personal account of Hell, told by someone who lived through it.  I simply  couldn't put it down.<br />Definitely a must-read for anyone even remotely  interested in WWII and the human experience with war.
B000002HAJ|5.0|I love the cure- and this album was my favorite. Mixed-Up was great, but with &quot;wish&quot; the Cure gets focused and finds their sound.  There's a little bit of everything in this album, and each song will appeal to a  different mood- a different sky and emotion. You get some dark, and light  and a lot in between. There's &quot;Friday I'm in love&quot; at one end of  the scale- for the hopeful romantic with lots of energy and there's  &quot;to wish impossible things&quot; at the other- for the heart- broken  romantics that ache. There are so many emotions crammed into this album, so  be ready for the rollercoaster. There's something for everyone- and for  every afficionado: a &quot;wish&quot; come true. . . trust me~!
B000002AS3|5.0|This was Oasis' first album, and it's right up there with Morning Glory as their greatest.  How can you go wrong with such songs as &quot;Live Forever,&quot; &quot;Rock &amp; Roll Star,&quot; &quot;Slide Away,&quot;  and &quot;Up In The Sky?&quot;  I admit Oasis hasn't been at the top of  their game lately, but this is a testament as to how great they once were  and, God willing, how great they'll be again.
0316779237|3.0|NAKED: brilliant; BARREL FEVER: brilliant; HOLIDAYS ON ICE: okay.<br />I really love NAKED and BARREL FEVER by David Sedaris; they are both outstanding books.  HOLIDAYS ON ICE, however, could have been much better.  3 or the 6 stories in this short book appeared in NAKED and BARREL FEVER:  there are onle 3 new stories in this collection.  The 3 new stories are  really not that good.<br />HOLIDAYS ON ICE would make a good stocking stuffer,  but don't buy it for yourself.
B000002C4J|5.0|No one, NO ONE, can deny that Celine Dion has the best voice of anyone out there right now. Anyone who cannot see that is just jealous that they cannot even sing a note. Just because she is getting all the attention she  deserves, you all think you can just bash her. Well, this is one of the  best, if not best CD I own. My favorite songs are &quot;Us,&quot; &quot;My  heart will go on,&quot; &quot;The Reason,&quot; and  her best song yet,  &quot;To love you more.&quot; I watched her sing &quot;to love you  more,&quot; live a few times, and oh, there is so much feeling in it and  her voice just completly captavates you. She's amazing. And no one can even  compare her to Mariah Carey who just sells her body to get albums done. Her  voice is so whinny. Celine can truly sing without over doing it be those  stupid &quot;screaming girl&quot; type of voices. If you buy any of  Celine's albums, this has got to be it!
0767840135|5.0|I have several Cirque du Soleil performances on video (DVD and tape), and this one is my favorite.  Unfortunately, I've never seen a Cirque performance live, but I will the next chance I get.<br />Quidam is phenomenal  in so many ways.  The performances are amazing.  Audrey's singing is  amazing, forget that she's only 12.  The embedded storyline is intriguing.   And the music is the best I've heard from Benoit Jutras (Audrey's father for those keeping score at home). <br />The only  disappointment is that the disc cover and tech specs on the disc (...) say that the subtitles are in English and French.  What they don't  tell you is the subtitles are limited to the 30 seconds of words that  appear in the beginning, and nothing more.  I would like to have seen a  translation of what she's singing, but subtitles get to be distracting  anyway.  <br />Bottom line- it's spectacular!
B0000013G9|5.0|I bought this album 4 years ago along with a bunch of CD's I never listen to anymore. They have withstood the test of time, &quot;Waterfalls&quot; is still one of my favorite songs and the entire CD is a blast to listen to.  Amazingly, this album is so great that I have still not gotten bored of it,  each time it keeps my attention and is a great album to dance to. You guys  all gotta get this album!
0684867621|1.0|Though I have been an avid fan of Stephen King's for 15 years, I must say that this work is completely unworthy of his talent.  Rather than a novella, it should have been written as a 10-12 page short story so its readers would not have to have suffered for so long.  I have read almost  every thing King has ever written, and for the first time, I skimmed the  majority of the book.  After about 5 chapters it was no longer interesting  what might happen to the young heroine, who, for whatever reason, believed  Tom Gordon would see her though her ordeal.  It was a more arduous journey  attempting to read the story than it was for the girl to be lost in the  woods.  For anyone who is a true Stephen King fan, this book will be a huge  disappointment, and anyone who isn't a huge fan should not judge his  writing prowess on this piece of trash.  This is by far the worst piece of  literature King has ever published.
6300214753|5.0|Ferris Bueller's Day Off is a clever comedy. Matthew Broderick stars in this incredibly funny film. As a boy growing up in the city of Chicago he manages to escape from school to the city for as adverntous day off.<br />With  an all star cast including and guest appeaerence from Ben Stein, this film  takes you back to being a kid again. Ferris Bueller manipulates his way in  and out of close calls and stikey situations. <br />Ferris Bueller's day off  begins by his faking sick and staying home from school. He then gets his  girlfriend, Sloan Peterson (Mia Sarah) out of class, while his best friend,  Cameron Frye (Allen Ruck) is sick at home. Together they all head off to  the city for a ball game, lunch at a 4 star restraunt, and a day to  remember. This fil is not all about fun and games. Throughout the day  Ferris helps Cameron to find hi inner feelings and take a stand.<br />This is  a great film for people of different ages and personalities, so basicly it  is foe everyone. It is a story of friendship, love, and growing up!
B00001ZWBQ|2.0|I have both DD and DTS. I found both are poor recorded.  Very disappointed.  I have  CD of Bee Gees from 60 up.  The Polydor give very good recording even on the old days. The 1997 concert has very good song  and perfomance except recording.  This recording is NOT acceptable for a  good Hi-Fi equipment.
B00003CWL5|2.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; amounts to little more than a felicitous combination of skillfully contrived production values and purposefully directed acting put to the service of highly resonant metaphysical  fraudulence -- which, of course, makes it eminently suitable for our time.
6305558167|5.0|I found, when I purchased the DVD of this movie, that, expecially compared to VHS releases, that the Video and Sound are the clearest I've seen on TV with this Film.  I fell in love with the film all over again!
B00001QGPR|1.0|This album is by far the worst Bowie album yet, and I'm including Love Ya Til Tuesday in that calculation. Bowie sounds flat and bored through the whole thing, and the music itself sounds like it was produced in two  &quot;Hours...&quot;. If you want a Bowie album, buy Outside or his older  stuff. I was thoroughly disappointed.
B000002J09|4.0|stairway is excellent.Black dog is good,and rock and roll is cool but thats it.Its worth stairway to heaven alone.
B000002JKA|5.0|When Dream Theater is more concerned with songwriting than technical indulgence, greatness happens.<br />Awake is Dream Theater at their best.<br />Awake is all about great songs.  Whether it is brutally aggressive  tunes like &quot;The Mirror&quot; and &quot;Lie&quot; or soaring beauty  like &quot;Lifting Shadows Off A Dream&quot; or &quot;Space Die Vest&quot;,  this album succeeds on every level.  Dream Theater even shows us that they  can be technical and write a great song all at the same time as is the case  with &quot;Erotomania&quot;.<br />Unfortunately, Dream Theater has forgotten  the lessons they learned on Awake and has now almost completely left their  progressive side in favor of a more technical direction.<br />But this album  remains a progressive metal masterpiece.<br />If you like prog rock bands such  as Kansas, Rush and early Genesis and you don't mind that type of music  mixed with, say, the heaviness of a Metallica or Queensryche, pick up this  gem of an album.
B000002JSN|5.0|Their best album.Especially disc one.All songs are good on it.Only 2 good songs on the second disc.Kasmir is their best song,it rocks!Buy it its good.
B00003CX95|5.0|You might be interested to know that young Edward was eventually murdered by nobles on his wife's command. After leaving him for several months to die in a sewage pit they killed him by sticking a red hot poker up his  backside. Because he was gay.. this might explain why the character in the  film was gay too. And that Mel Gibson was not having a go at homosexuals  the world over, merely being accurate. the only historical innacuracies are  that Wallace never met the princess, Robert the Bruce never fought for the  English and Stirling Bridge was fought on a bridge. Most of all though, the  bit about the Irish joining up with the Scots at Falkirk was just put in to  keep Americans who think they're Irish happy.
B0000027I6|5.0|Indeed, when I become king, or the president, or whatever, Amused to Death will take its place as a manditory part of the education of our youth.<br /> Exceptionally fine music, as you'd expect from Mr. Pink Floyd. But, if  anything, even better lyrics &amp; sentiment.<br /> I'd be fascinated to know  if Roger had the Neil Postman book, &lt;i&gt;Amusing Ourselves to Death -  Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business&lt;/i&gt; in mind when he  composed the CD. The two plainly go together.<br /> This is the CD for those  who read Chomsky's political stuff, quite apart from being required  listening for anyone who has ever enjoyed the pre-Gilmour Floyd.
B00003CX95|5.0|Yes, it's a fine movie. The battle scenes are great and in allhonesty Mels accent is pretty good. On the history side however,plenty of critics have had a go at Braveheart for not being accurate. Well this is all fact... Prince Edward was gay, Wallace's wife was killed by the English and yes, we did kick hell out of them!
B00003CWPR|3.0|&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a mixed bag. If I could review the film on a scene by scene basis, I would give some of the scenes a five star rating. Certain moments such as Tom Cruise's exposure at the orgy or his  confrontation with his host were really well done. Unfortunately scenes  like this were like splendid mechanical objects that are part of a poorly  assembled machine. They may be great, but the apparatus as a whole is a  failure. <br />I'm really not being too harsh here. The first half of many of  Kubrik's films generally start out slow. They build extraordinary dramatic  tension that explodes in the action packed second half of the film. You  know what I'm talking about: &quot;Space 2001&quot;, &quot;Full Metal  Jacket&quot;, and especially &quot;The Shining&quot; to name a few.  <br />Unfortunately the dramatic tension in &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; sort of  fritters away. It seems to be building but it never launches into anything.  The film does raise interesting questions about perception and paranoia,  but this is bleak compensation for a master like Kubrik. If Shakespeare  wrote a wretched play, would we bother to praise him for his interesting  spelling?<br />I'll probably see this movie again at some point, but I'm under  no illusions about how it stacks up to the rest of Kubrik's work.
B00003CWPR|5.0|a good plot! a good sound! a good acting! just look at what a master can do it.
B000001FI7|5.0|I got this cd after hearing all this stuff on them when I was looking up music.  I bought the cd and fell in LOVE with it.   The entire cd is great, except &quot;It's a fire&quot;, which to me doesn't sound like the rest of  the album...but anyway.  The rest of the cd is &quot;mad hype&quot; and you  will love it.  Stand outs are of course &quot;Sour Times (Nobody Loves Me),  and also I like the last song &quot;Glory Box&quot;.  Buy the cd!
0345350499|4.0|This book I read and re-read when I was a 20-something romantic. It is a  feminist re-telling of the Arthurian legend, from the point of view mainly  of the women, who in the 'traditional' tellings are either subsidiary or  'distaff', as in sinister or evil-doing beings.  As a librarian I found  high school girls were the main audience for this book, and budding pagan  feminists.  If I had reviewed it 20 years ago I would have said it was my  favourite book at that time. It is still on my shelves, but I have read  better since, hence the 4 stars.
038532653X|4.0|Skellig is an exciting and extraordinary book. I think it's a remarkable  novel full of faith, truth, and love. When I read it I was left with a good  feeling inside. It also left me wondering about what Skellig really was.  The book gives you the idea that he's an old, dirty man that lives in a  garage at first, but changes as you read on. David Almond did a great job  writing this book. He used good details when writing about Skellig.  The  book takes place in a small town. Michael just moved into a new yet  dilapidated house that is pretty close to his old house. The new house is a  mess, his parents are distracted, and his little sister is very ill. When  he walked into his new garage he saw an old dusty room that can easyily  colapse. He looks around and finds an old, dirty man sitting on a  chest,Skellig. After that Michael coundn't stop thinking about him. He gets  up each night thinking about him. Michael and his new friend Mina try to  help him and make him strong again, but Skellig doesn't have the will to do  it. To find out what happens to Skellig you'll have to read the book  yourself.
6305132984|5.0|This is an excellent musical displaying all the broadway characteristics from its original stage production of 1959. Based on a modern story of Romeo and Juliet the movie traces the expolits of two New York Gangs, the  Jets (and all white all american gang) and the Sharks (a Peurto Rican gang  - now living in New York). Problems arise after Tony (best friend of Riff -  leader of the Jets)fall in love with Maria (sister of Bernardo - leader of  the Sharks) The music, dancing, finger snapping,humourous and tragic  moments give West Side Story a place in history. The scenario can be fitted  into any rivalry Black - white; Protestant - Catholic etc. and everyone can  learn something from this. The ending is weepy yet in all its splendour  speaks so clearly to all of us about the problems that can occur when we do  not live together in harmony. Classic songs nclude &quot;Maria&quot;;  &quot;Somewhere&quot;; &quot;Tonight&quot; many of which have been recorded  many times by famous artists. A memorable movie that you will want to watch  again and again.
038532653X|4.0|Skellig is an exciting and extraordinary book. I think it's a remarkable novel full of faith, truth, and love. When I read it I was left with a good feeling inside. It also left me wondering about what Skellig really was. The book gives you the idea that he's an old, dirty man that lives in a garage at first, but changes as you read on. David Almond did a great job  writing this book. He used good details when writing about Skellig.  The  book takes place in a small town. Michael just moved into a new yet  dilapidated house that is pretty close to his old house. The new house is a  mess, his parents are distracted, and his little sister is very ill. When  he walked into his new garage he saw an old dusty room that can easyily  colapse. He looks around and finds an old, dirty man sitting on a  chest,Skellig. After that Michael coundn't stop thinking about him. He gets  up each night thinking about him. Michael and his new friend Mina try to  help him and make him strong again, but Skellig doesn't have the will to do  it. To find out what happens to Skellig you'll have to read the book  yourself.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Back in 1986, as I recall, I came across a friend of mine looking paler and more distracted than usual.  Asked if anything was wrong, I remember his reply quite clearly:  \\"I just came out of the theater where I saw  \\"Aliens.\\"  ...I think I need a Valium, or something...\\"<br />What do you get when  you combine pulp horror fiction with first-rate acting, direction, editing  and production values?  You get \\"Aliens,\\" the second -- and unreservedly  best -- in the seemingly unending \\"Alien\\" Saga started by Ridley Scott in  1979.  Director James Cameron, at the time known mostly for his work with  Roger Corman and his directorship of the low-budget and hugely successful  \\"The Terminator,\\" neatly applied the dripping, claustrophobic atmosphere of  the original with Reagan-era militaristic bravado.<br />Cameron takes the  semi-soft, semi-tough Ripley character, (Sigourney Weaver), fleshes out her  personality with a dash of post-traumatic stress disorder and ships her  back, (bribed, blackmailed and reluctant), to her dreaded creature-infested  planet.   She is accompanied by a squad of fatally over-confident Marine  Co-Eds and a ladder-climbing Company Man, (played to smarmy perfection by  Paul Reiser).<br />Even back then, Cameron was demonstrating a masterly handle  on the dramatic-action elements of filmmaking most lately evident in  \\"Titanic.\\"  He condenses this lesson in a painfully obvious and often  overlooked imperative: NEVER allow action without actors.  The movie must  be filled with believable and recognizably human characters portrayed by  the best talent money can buy.  Unless a film connects on a personal level  everything else is just eye-candy; (or worse; a disgruntled hour or so  spent with a thumb pressed on the fast-forward button - Does \\"Starship  Troopers\\" spring to mind?)<br />There are a number of key performances that  make this movie a genre classic.  Apart from Weaver's Ripley, the most  unforgettable is Pvt. Hudson, (Bill Paxton).  In a bit partthat could have  been mere comic relief, Hudson begins the mission with a swaggering  machismo, degenerates rapidly into pathos and swings back just as quickly  into the nearly heroic.  Viewers may admire Ripley, but they closely  identify with Hudson:  he's an average guy and the system gave him the  shaft.  His enlistment was almost over, (\\"...four more weeks and out, man!\\").   You can rely on Hudson to give a voice to our unexpressed horrors:  (&quot;They cut the power!  How could they cut the power, man?  They're  ANIMALS!\\").    <br />In a world ruled by honesty and justice, Sigourney Weaver  would have walked away with an Oscar for her performance in \\"Aliens.\\"  She  packs talent and energy into every frame.  At some point during the course  of the film she has convincingly projected every conceivable emotion: love,  tenderness, fear, hate, fury; you name it.  Weaver is not just a great  actress; she's a method to be studied.
014028009X|5.0|Even though I've recently entered the &quot;smug marrieds&quot; group,  I still remember my &quot;singleton&quot; days, fondly and squimishly. Bridget Jones is an absolutely hystercial character. I found myself laughing out loud on almost every other page (so loud that I woke my  husband up at least 2 times while reading in bed!)  At times she's all over  the page emotionally, yet at others we see a glimpse of some &quot;inner  poise&quot;.  But, all throughout she makes you laugh and smile and you can  relate to so many of her trials and tribulations. I even actually wondered  if this author had taken excerpts out of my own diary it felt so real.   <br />One thing for sure, it ain't easy being a woman, single or  otherwise...but it sure is funny when you look at from this perspective.
6302719631|1.0|What a dud.  The acting is wooden, the soundtrack is inappropriate (saxophone in Victorian England?) and the macabre scenes look like something from a 1960's B-Horror film.  I won't even waste more time  writing about this flop.
B000002NJS|5.0|I've never been a real fan of Madonna's work until &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. It had to be the album's first single &quot;Frozen&quot; which really caught my attention. The album's music is very futuristic, but it's lyrics are what allow each track to stand out amongst each other. It could  easily be named &quot;One of the Best Albums of the Last Century&quot;!
B0000025JT|5.0|This is the Greatest CD Barbra has ever made thanks to Barry Gibb.I heard there suppose to work together again.Barry Gibb said this in a recent interview.Three of the songs from the album made the top 10 in  Billboard.Barbra has never had this much air play from one of her records.  The Barry Gibb Duets are the best.&quot;Guilty&quot;is such a fantastic  song.Barry doesn't try to out sing Barbra,he just compliments her in his  style. Next to the soundtrack of &quot;A Star is Born,&quot; This is  Barbra's best.I can't wait for Guilty part 2.
0140149295|4.0|Quite a excellant book with a spellbinding story, deeply involves the reader in rubin's life and times. The reader can sense the metamorphis of rubin
6301697707|5.0|Yeeeeeeeeha! It's always nice to see movies about workin' class types with southern accents who are not either criminals on death row or hopelessly backwards bigots. Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward are funny and endearing and  Rhonda is a refreshing heroine who does *not* have &quot;big green eyes,  long blonde hair, *ss that won't quit, and legs that go allllll the way  up.&quot; Hooray for ordinary people! This movie scores big because it's  funny, but has enough believable gore to make things suspenseful and tense.  Remember when you were a kid and played &quot;keep off the ground&quot; on  playground equipment? I enjoy this movie more every time I see it.
B000021XS0|3.0|I can say that the first time I played this CD, I was amazed.  Then I listened to it again, and then again, and then I was done.  I thought the point of having LTE as a side project was to be somewhat of a departure ...  instead this disc sounds like LTE with Myung and Labrie just tossed in.   Like the other reviewer mentioned, this story is certainly not original...  it's a direct knock-off of &quot;Dead Again.&quot;  The lyrics are rather  bland overall, too.  There really isn't anything here that stands out,  unfortunately.  I hope that DT goes back to the drawing board and comes up  with some more inspired and imaginative work lyrically the next time  around; something that will make me keep the disc in the player past 3  spins.  If you haven't purchased any DT before, stick with their earlier  work.  Even FII is far superior to this one.  I do have to give the disc 3  stars simply because DT is more talented than 99% of anyone in the music  business today.  SFOM was simply a misstep.
6304109318|3.0|Sorry to whoever said it was great to see Julia Roberts in a &quot;humble&quot; role, but in the long run that only added to the unbelievability of the film. The pitiful excuse of an accent (don't they  have coaches for that sort of thing?) is just icing on the cake. The sets,  Glen Close, and John Malkovich are all wonderful, and with any other  actress (and a better ending!) this film might have gotten off the ground.  However, one look at the wet puppy dog eyes and gaping maw of Julia  Roberts, even without makeup, and everyone else, no matter how brilliant  they are normally, might as well be wearing a shirt which says: &quot;I was  in a chick-flick star-vehicle for Julia Roberts and all they gave me was  this lousy t-shirt.&quot; C'mon, folks, she's lovable fluff and that's  about it. There's a reason most of her characters have names like Traci,  Candy, and Babs and the one film with serious social implications (Sleeping  with the Enemy) ended up as a song and dance number touting her  indefatigable cuteness.
0838577016|5.0|This book is for those who already have some knowledge of the fundamentals of neuroanatomy. It is clearly written and beautifully illustrated.
B00004LN16|5.0|If there is one band out there who you can count on to rock on forever, these are the guys.  like every album prior to this, Stiff Upper Lip simply rocks.  Satellite Blues is a classic.  I prefer the latter half of the  album, but it all rocks.  This, by far, is the best and most promising  album to come out in years.
B000002U8U|5.0|This album, along with Night Moves and Against the Wind, is quintessential Bob Seger.  Every track on the album is strong (except maybe Brave Strangers).  The first three songs are good rockers and all classics, Till  It Shines has a nice melody, and Feel Like a Number is more classic Seger.   Ain't Got No Money is a barroom brawler, Brave Strangers is the weak link,  and The Famous Final Scene winds everything down for us.  Probably his best  closing track on an album.  This album belongs in anyone's collection who  is a fan of classic rock.
B000006OBQ|5.0|Frank , Quincy Jones &amp; The Count How could you miss. If you are a Sinatra fan ( and you woun't be here if you weren't) you gotta have this one. I think Frank was at his best at age 50 &amp; after.<br />The quality on  this c d is great.<br />Luck be a lady,Come fly with me,Get me to the church,  Thats swinging.<br />I love the Talking brass in cut 17<br />It's a gotta have...
B00001U03Q|4.0|I am a blues fan first and foremost but I truly enjoy all of Eric's music and feel that much of his 80's and 90' work has been unfairly criticized.  Claims that the man doesn't have any fire left in his playing just don't  hold up and this compilation could have given us much to prove that, but  unfortunately it doesn't. There are some excellent recordings on this disc  and it plays well all the way through but many of Eric's best performances  have been left off. How Warner Bros. could ignore everything off of From  the Cradle is beyond my comprehension. We are talking about a Grammy Award  winning album that went to number one on the charts. That having been said,  there are numerous other tracks from Money &amp; Cigarettes, Behind the  Sun, August and Journeyman that are missing. Songs like Old Love, Same Old  Blues, Just Like a Prisoner, Grand Illusion, and Hard Times. Any of these  would have been stronger picks than She's Waiting or It's in the Way You  Use It. What we have instead is an entirely predictable Top 40 album that  shows little effort or imagination on the part of the record company.  Eric  is still my favorite artist and this is still a good album, but it could  have been so much better.
B000002NIW|5.0|From the wailing &quot;My Own Summer&quot; to the calming &quot;Be Quiet and Drive&quot; and down to the straight pounding &quot;Headup&quot;, this cd is perfect. I never have to skip any tracks on this one cuz everything  the Deftones do is perfect. Even the secret song is great. But  &quot;Headup&quot; and &quot;Be Quiet and Drive&quot; are the true ground  breakers. Do not waste any time, buy this A.S.A.P. cuz soon the Deftones  are gonna be hella huge, and no one will stop them, not even a stale  Bizkit.
B00000GD9Z|5.0|I bought this album after hearing it on a friends cd player. And then I happened upon the video &quot;New Noise&quot; NOT on MTV. On a local TV station. I was blown away. This band is for real!  I bought the vinyl  because all original punk music was on vinyl. This may be unlike anything  you have ever heard. It is a must for everyone's musical library! And  finally the lyrics have real meaning. Get it now!
B00000JZC4|4.0|This cd has some really good songs, like &quot;It's Gonna Kill Me&quot; &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot; &quot;The Best Things&quot; &quot;Captain Bligh&quot; etc. but &quot;Take a Picture is one I could have done without.  BUT this is a very creative cd, and I think they did well to beat the  sophomore jinx. Short Bus is hella better though.
B00000K31V|1.0|First of all, the packaging of this film compared only its special effects to The Matrix.  Since this movie had no special effects, that particular claim is meaningless.  Apart from the area of special effects, therefore,  eXistenZ should be judged on its own merit.  <br />What might that merit be?   Reading the seventy or so reviews by others was enlightening.  Apparently  the director, Cronenberg, has elevated protoplasm-like, revolting props to  something of a trademark.  While this may help viewers easily identify his  movies, it doesn't make the movies themselves particularly attractive.  In  the Naked Lunch, he used such images to underscore an important social and  psychological issue (drug addiction).   ExistenZ also promised to explore  an intriguing social phenomenon (preoccupation with virtual reality), but I  don't think it achieved that end.   The &quot;blurring of reality&quot;  theme might have served as a substitute, but again this germinal idea,  instead of being nurtured and cultivated,  was aimlessly tossed around and  eventually crushed underfoot.  Any attempts at suspense or drama produced  only comic results.<br />Take for example, the scene near the end where our  hero cut his companion's \\"umbilical cord\\", releasing a gush of fake blood.  The &quot;B&quot; horror movie imagery, funny enough in itself, was further  heightened by the heroine's forced orgasmic groaning and the hero's  pathetic cries of despair, &quot;I just don't know what to do.&quot;  Then  in came a third person exclaiming, &quot;I know what to do,&quot; whereupon  he began to incinerate a small, gooey creature using an enormous flame  thrower.  The scene came across like a Saturday Night Live skit - the whole  movie, in fact, was little more than a string of such skits.<br />One critic  pointed out that the movie intended itself to be taken in a sardonic vein -  something along the lines of Natural Born Killers or Boogey Nights.  But  these latter two were subtle and clever mockeries.  EXistenz had no  surrealism, no creative graphic montage, no intelligent lampooning of  societal fixtures.   The only possibility left is that Cronenburg intended  this film as a satire on his own movie-making style.<br />Others critics  defend this movie as something that only \\"some\\" can understand.  Perhaps  there are those who find this director's repulsive props an attraction in  themselves - I certainly am not one of those. <br />ExistenZ is the first  movie I've watched in a long time that I found so wretchedly bad that it  actually created some resentment on my part.  I watched it because I was  with a friend and wanted to be polite.  As it turns out, I should have  erred on the side of rudeness.  I warn other viewers against the danger of  spending money on what is, in my opinion, an amazingly clumsy and vacuous  film.
B00000K2SE|5.0|ANY fan of science fiction will love this movie. If you haven't seen the movie, don't mind a little language (about four words in the whole movie), enjoy action, and are looking for a film with one of the greatest concepts  in history of filmmaking, BUY THIS MOVIE! <br />The basis of the movie is  actually not revealed for half an hour, but an interesting surprise awaits  those of you who haven't seen the movie.  You'll be scratching your head  and wondering &quot;What if?&quot; for weeks after seeing this. You'll  never look at a telephone in the same way.<br />This is doubtlessly the best  movie in history. I know people who camped out for the Star Wars movies  that feel the THE MATRIX is thus. Science fiction, action, and originality  make this my favorite movie, and hopefully yours. Buy the soundtrack if you  want heavy-metal dance music.
6303593666|5.0|It's easy to see how this now famous (or infamous) 1934 film by Leni Riefenstal could have helped reinforce Hitler's already dizzying domination of the German psyche. For our own time, it helps reveal the human  complexity of the Nazi phenomenon - so much more than just a march of  crazed fanatics, as it's often stereotyped today.  Triumph of the Will is  particularly relevant to current politics - the Austrian controversy, as  well as the continued importance of various dictators who still garner so  much of the media spotlight. <br />Sadly, the near-sightedness of the Nazi  mentality and its contradictory nature were already glaringly apparent at  the time the movie was shot.  Hitler's frenzied admonitions to value  &quot;peace&quot; but at the same time to cultivate &quot;courage&quot;,  bristle with contradiction and hypocrisy. Brief allusions to racial purity  and clear-cut moral rectitude are darkly ominous, as are the reiterated  pledges of allegiance to Hitler , the man.  It's instructive to compare  Nazi rhetoric with much of today's political hype.  Though, as many others  have pointed out, nobody else has done it with quite the same elan.  Sad to  think that had they watched their own film with a more discerning eye, they  might have seen what we see.  <br />From an artistic standpoint, I can  appreciate why it's cited as one of the most accomplished of all  propagandist vehicles.  Nazi shortcomings notwithstanding, the film is  stunning.  Riefenstahl's contribution is self-evident - even if she didn't  direct the action herself, she captured and organized it admirably.  But  for all that, it is still the action which is most spellbinding.  The  gripping facial expressions,  the charismatic speeches, the thundering  shouts of allegiance, the enormous scale and choreography - all of this  actually took place!  Combine that with historical perspective - knowing  what all of it would lead to - and the movie acquires a distincively  haunting quality.   <br />I not only recommend this film to others, I strongly  advise it.   It captures the very essence of social fanaticism.  Many will  instinctively feel its primitive appeal, and then, after putting it into  perspective, recognize its inherent madness.   Watching this movie,  appreciating the feelings it evokes and reflecting on what it all means,  will make the viewer a better person.
B000021Y77|2.0|I bought the dvd of this movie after I read all those positive feedback from other viewers.  However, this is not the type of movie that I'll be willing to wait for more than a month for viewing.  As an overseas  buyer,the movie, shipment waiting time, and the cost of buying it all  doesn't meet my high expectation/anticipation level of the movie. I was  expecting something more like &quot;Le femme Nikita&quot; not a story of 2  youngsters having three different ending of their problems. The only good  thing from this movie, for me, is the music! Two thumbs up for the music  selection...
B000003BEM|5.0|Even though I don't like much of the Stones' work I know that, at lest to me, all music is good to someone, even if I don't like it.  I gave this five stars because I myself trying to write songs, know that I would hate  to have a LP that didn't get any reviews. I say if you like the stones buy  it. If you don't like the stones, don't buy it.
B000002UAN|5.0|If you only had to own three Beatle records, it must be &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Abbey Road&quot; (in that order!).
0312853238|5.0|This is a book which was written very well and keeps the reader on his toes at all times. I recommend this book to any reader who likes a challenge.
0553284347|5.0|I've been a practicing psychotherapist for 25 years.  I frequently recommend books to my clients.  I have recommended this book many,many times and each time it has been a valuable, practical and supportive resource for my clients. It's a very difficult task - making peace with  such painful situations.  Susan Forward's book is a gift.  Thank you!
0312853238|3.0|This is a really well written book which can really challenge a person's judgement and convey the truth about human nature to its reader. I recommend this book to any reader who likes a challenge.
630575067X|5.0|This has got to be the greatest movie ever! Not only does ithave amazing special effects, cool villians, the perfect touch ofhumor, and mind-blowing music (John Williams), but it also has an intricately woven plot. And who doesn't want to laugh when Jar Jar steps in &quot;icky-goo&quot;, cheer when Anakin *accidentally* destroys the Trade Federation Droid Control Ship, or cry when young Obi-Wan Kenobi rushes to side of his dying master, Qui-Gon Jinn? The greatest!
B00003CXAA|5.0|It has become fashionable to call The Godfather the greatest movie of all time.  Although I am usually questionable of all things fashionable, this is one case of the crowd actually getting it right.  This movie is a  masterpiece. Remaining true to Mario Puzo's novel, The Godfather is  entertaining from the first scene to the last. Despite its long running  time, this movie is never boring, and at the end you will be left begging  for more (thankfully Mr. Coppola was kind enough to provide Part II later).  The performances of Brando, Pacino, Caan, Duval, etc. are fantastic.  Without a doubt, The Godfather is the greatest of all time.  No movie  collection would be complete without a copy of this classic.
B0000062GE|5.0|With this album Stabbing Westward permanently has left the shadow of N.I.N. Please take the time to let this album grow on you and you will discover that Darkest days is the perfect title for the musical journey  which will haunt your brain for weeks.
B00004S35Z|5.0|A spirtual &quot;get in touch with yourself&quot; album... My words cannot equate what I feel inside for this product of genius.  This album is a good begining for those that are not familiar with Stevie Wonder.  Enjoy.
6304126344|5.0|Terminator 2 is by far one of the best movies to date.  The movies offers non stop action and suspense.  Aside from this it had a great story.  If you dont want to buy this i al least urge you to see it at least twice:  once to enjoy the great effects and action, and twice to focus on the great  story line.
B00004S35Z|5.0|A spirtual &quot;get in touch with yourself&quot; album... My words cannot equate what I feel inside for this product of genius.  This album is a good begining for those that are not familiar with Stevie Wonder.  Enjoy.
0767849493|5.0|This movie is fanatastic.  At first I was hestitant to see it because I am a spiritual person and I did not want to see anything that made fun of God. But as I was watching this movie it became increasingly apparent that this  movie did not make fun of God but made fun of people and there beliefs.   For a comedy this movie was remarkably deep.  It made you think about you  beliefs and laugh about them.  Silent Bob was excellent and he actually  talked once.  Jay was his usual profane self and funny as alway. Chris Rock  was awesome and Salma Hayek really did steal the show.  She was awesome  tough, smart, and beautiful that's a hard thing to pull off.  I can't wait  to own this movie it something that you have to see more than once because  you'll love it that much.  Most of All I loved the movie because it focused  on JERSEY.
B00004S35Z|5.0|A spirtual &quot;get in touch with yourself&quot; album... My words cannot equate what I feel inside for this product of genius.  This album is a good begining for those that are not familiar with Stevie Wonder.  Enjoy.
B000002JK2|4.0|This was the second &quot;solo&quot; UK outing for Pete Townshend.  I bought this album on its release, and must admit being disappointed in not being able to find enough Townshend.  I was hooked after &quot;Who Came  First&quot;, and this didn't give me the fix I needed.  However, there were  a few gems on there - I would need to wait for years before Pete seemed to  gain the confidence to release full albums.  Then again, these early albums  are better than his later offerings like Psychoderelict - even although all  the tracks are not his.
B00004S361|5.0|I cannot say to much because I am partial.  For those of you whom no little about the &quot;Master&quot;, this is a good place to begin.  I would suggest listening to this first before you get into anything heavy -  like &quot;SONGS IN THE KEY OF LIFE&quot;.<br />Peace, and enjoy. Hadji007
B000002HPV|5.0|Please don't compare Bjork to Tori Amos.  In all seriousness, Bjork is one of the most underrated musicians of our time.  Yes, her music is an acquired taste, as most quality artists' work is.  She truly pushes the  bounds of what a pop song is meant to be.  But, why compare her to Tori  Amos?  Because they're both women?  I wouldn't compare Iggy Pop to Michael  Bolton - they exemplify two completely different genres.However, it may be  true that Homogenic is not the place to start your Bjork collection.  If  you don't like abrasive background noise or possibly disorienting vocals  you may have to work up to this one.  Debut is probably still the safest  bet then.  But, Homogenic is the real deal: Bjork has said that the first 2  albums were an act of clearing her mind of her own musical backlog.  Well,  her clean slate approach worked: Homogenic is amazing experiental music.If  you already have a taste for the adventurous, then definately start here.   Some artists have one definative piece that forms a sort of looking glass  by which to judge all their works.  Homogenic is really that for Bjork, at  present at least, it is by far her most focused and intense work.  If you  don't like it its probably outside of your range of appreciation, but  please don't give it a mediocre review because of that.  This is not easy  listening, it's a groundbreaking work of art.
B000001FS3|5.0|There's no question that this is THE BEST ALBUM of the 80's. It's been 13 years from the first time I heard this record (in audio cassette by that time), and I still enjoy the songs today like in 1987. With Or Without You  is also THE BEST SINGLE OF THE 80's.<br />You must own this CD (I recommend  the gold version from MFSL, also available at Amazon).
B000006NPY|5.0|Despite the criticism, Adore is certainly a fabulous album, filled with ambient instruments and lush production.  It is for the most part a soft album (which is where the criticism stems from), but what Pumpkins album is  without its softer side?  Mellon Collie, for example, has 15  &quot;soft&quot; songs on it...over half the album!  Adore is a stunning  and perceptive piece of art, haunting at times, yet never depressing.  It  has a vast array of styles (as every Pumpkins album does) ranging from  melancholy piano, to up-beat techno, to acoustic ballads, and yes, it even  has some heavily distorted rocking moments.  In fact, though it is a  different sound for the Pumpkins (as every album is), it is slightly  reminiscent of their 1989 demos, in that it is hypnotic and jolting, yet  beautiful and flowing.  The only negative part about this album is that  Jimmy Chamberlin (who has since been re-hired and can be heard again on  Machina) isn't on this album.  Well, I've rambled enough...Buy it!  You'll  love it!
B000000WA4|5.0|This is the 2nd Best pumpkins album (behind the masterpiece siamese dream) Some great songs exist here: Porcelina is an epic, amazing, loud, soft, fine words, heavy guitar, it should be heard by everyone. Muzzle and  Jellybelly are two near singles- both are better than bullet with butterfly  wings and probably zero.  Muzzle is the best writing on the album- period.    In the Arms of sleep is another hidden masterpiece, a great song to listen  to at night. XYU is ok.  1979, 33 and tonight tonight are all they are  cracked up to be.  In my opinion 33 is the most moving of the 3.   Another  great thing: The opening instrumental piano piece &quot;Mellon Collie and  the Infinite Sadness&quot; its beautiful piano and strings.  Very soothing  and calm.  Excellent, could be labeled classic classical.  <br />All in all  there are so many songs that you will invariably find at least 10  unforgettable on this epic album.  Remember, Porcelina of the Oceans blue.
B00000IMTH|5.0|Long Live Rock and Roll is an album every bit as good as its predecessors and in some ways better.  While Rising contained two masterpieces in Stargazer and Light In The Black, some of the shorter songs had an  &quot;outtake&quot; feel to them.  The 1975 debut suffered from Elf playing  workmanlike behind the two obvious stars, Blackmore and Dio.  Long Live  Rock and Roll, however, rocks from start to finish.  The title track has  been criticized by some, but never was there a better bluesy shuffle.  Lady  of The Lake crushes you with its powerful, Zeppelin-ish riff, mystical  lyrics, and a slide guitar solo so smooth that one reviwer thought it was a  synthesizer.  On to LA Connection, another bluesy number telling the tale  of why Tony Carey left the band.  Then Gates of Babylon, with one of  Blackmore's finest solos, full of texture changes and exotic scale-use.   Kill The King is one off-with-their-heads stomper, right to its &quot;Ah!  Kill! Ah!&quot; ending.  The Shed (Subtle) is heaviness personfied, Dio's  voice menacing yet enticing all at once.  Sensitive To Light would have  sounded great on Rising, its quick tempo causing one to bang one's head  until...yes...the grand finale, the soft and romantic Rainbow Eyes.  One of  Dio's finest vocal performances, the tune is only enhanced by Blackmore's  Hendrix-like backing.  By the end of 1978, the original Rainbow was  history--and legendary.  Dio went on to Sabbath, and Blackmore started  getting more commercial.  But the most enduring image of the guitarist will  always be the '70s one, pilgrim hat, dressed all in black save his white  boots, sliding his pick hand down the neck of a Stratocaster sure to be  smashed at show's end.  Yeah, I guess he da man!
0783230702|5.0|This film is by far one of the most attention grabbbing mind twisting and brain slamming movies ever made. You are confused for the entire film and when it all comes together at the end you can do nothing more but gape at  the screen. I reccommend this movie to EVERYONE, but especially people who  have enjoyed films such as &quot;Contact&quot; -&quot;Silence of The  Lambs&quot;, and anything done by Stanley Kubrick. WARNING: this is not a  movie for the weak of mind, and you better be prepared to pay full  attention when you sit down to watch - ENJOY!
6304080921|4.0|This movie is really good. Pitt plays one of his best roles and Bruce Willis is actually good! The scenario of this movie is excellent some will find it complicated but most will find it easy to follow. The reason I did  NOT give this movie 5 stars is because Madeline Stow get in love with  Willis way too quickly. It is a really good movie though after 2-3 times  you've watched it it becomes boring.
6305513406|5.0|I first began watching Star Trek in reruns.  The print quality was awful in those days:  scratchy, grainy film; poor audio; obvious splices, and the episodes were cut to allow for extra commercials.<br />I have on occasion  purchased the VHS transfers, but the quality was mediocre at  best.<br />Paramount is to be commended for deciding to transfer the entire  original series to DVD.  Their engineers have done an excellent job of  remastering the visual images.  (The image is a bit TOO good.  Look  carefully, and you can make out the seam line in William Shatner's toupee.)  But, what is really astonishing to me is what they have done with the  sound.  By separating the various elements (dialogue, scoring and sound  effects), they have been able to present a much more vivid audio image.  Star Trek never looked or sounded better.  True, the visual effects and  sets date.  But have you seen an early episode of Next Generation lately?  They look pretty cheesy by today's standards, and what about those awful  lycra uniforms?<br />I am aware that there have been complaints regarding each  DVD containing two episodes, but if there had been more the cost would  certainly have been higher.<br />It has been said that the best special effect  of all is human emotion.  Watching the interplay between Kirk, Spock,  McCoy, and the other characters, one can easily see what has been missing  in the sequel Star Trek series--indeed, in science fiction generally.
B000002UAU|1.0|If they wanted a little help from their friends, they should have called on the likes of Elton John.  With CD's like &quot;Victim of Love&quot; and &quot;Leather Jackets&quot; to his credit, he might have been able to  rescue this sad excuse for music!  For the benefit of us all, stay away  from this and all recordings from The Beatles, the most overrated group in  recording history!  Hopefully Lucy will stay up in the sky where she's safe  from this album!
B00000JZIK|5.0|The Usual Suspects works as a film on many levels.  If viewed as an entertaining film then it does its job very well. The script is masterfully crafted and the ongoing voice over is an excellent addition. The plot  centres around the exploits of a group of five criminals who through bad  luck end up working together. The main interest of the film comes in the  form of the arch-criminal Kaiser Souze, who is constantly manipulating the  five. With excellent music and equally absorbing performances, the film  remains as a testament to a good story far out-stripping special effects  which tend to pervade todays blockbusters. The DVD  features are good and  provide some longer term enjoyment. Overall then it is a thoroughly  recommended film that deserves its cult status.
0553278355|5.0|I loved this book!  It's not a very long book, only about 200 pages or so, but man oh man it's an intense read. In my case it took me a year to read this book, so I felt like I was right with Ester Greenwood. I'm the  biggest Sylvia Plath fan that I know and I was turned on to her by reading  &quot;Daddy&quot; in an english class I had. And I just have about  everything that she has done. Her way with words is sexy and at the same  time dark, it seems very unusally for a woman in the 1950's and 1960's to  have written like that, but I think it's great she broke the gender role!  It's truly a shame that she never wrote another novel like this one, even  though there are rumors that there's half of an unfinshed book of hers out  there. Man we better call Mulder and Scully.
B00000064F|5.0|The man who produced this album, Joe Boyd, who has produced countless classics, has called this the one perfect album he ever worked on.  It is certainly a beautiful and timeless classic.  I myself prefer Nick's other  albums to this one--maybe because I find his more melancholy records a  little more haunting--but this is an incredible record.  Nick proves here  that he was as poetic and soulful when singing of life's brighter aspects  as he was when singing of the darkness that eventually overtook him.   &quot;Northern Sky&quot;, for example, is definitely one of the most  beautiful love songs ever recorded.  And the other songs are equally  lovely.  I would pick up the &quot;Fruit Tree&quot; box-set rather than all  the albums individually but this, like all his records, is essential.
0891416811|5.0|This book is a great example of the transformation that can befall a young man to be turned from an every-day kid to a lethal killing-machine. The account of Burgett's own transformation and the rigorous trials he was  forced to endure, make this book one of the best WWII books ever to hit the  shelves. I would love to instill in every reader the insuraance of this  book being a great buy.
0783240503|4.0|This is rarity in the world of stage musicals; a show that actually survives the transition to the medium of film.  The directors decision to use a school assembly as a &quot;bookending&quot; device, works very well,  and the staging is very close to what you would have seen in a live  setting.  Osmond is perfect in the title role, especially during his big  &quot;dramatic moment&quot;, the song &quot;Close Every Door&quot;, and  although I'm a little partial to Kelli Rabke, (the Narrator on the U.S.  Cast recording), Maria Friedman is excellent in the role. What a voice!  My  only reason for withholding one star from my rating is for what I consider  to be poor judgment in one particular scene.  The segment involving  &quot;Mrs. Potiphar&quot; is a little too over-the-top (sexually  suggestive) for something being promoted as a family show. This would most  certainly earn the film either a PG or PG-13 rating if it was a theatrical  release. The packaging is somewhat misleading also.  The photo of Joan  Collins (Mrs. Potiphar) on the back of the box, pictures her in full  costume, but with part of the outfit apparently computer-enhanced so that  it is not as risque as it really appears in the show. In a word, tacky.   Parents may want to view the tape alone first in order to avoid some  embarrasing moments trying to explain to their kids why Joan Collins is  groping Donny Osmond. If you have no qualms about this singular mis-step in  a otherwise great video, by all means treat yourself to it.
0446310786|5.0|This book is undoubtadly the best book of all time. I have read it several times. Though many people tend to think it doesn't mean any more than the actual words written on the pages, it does. Symbolism is key in this book, and people should really take the time to sit down and read it. Everyone  should read this book.
1555211976|5.0|Since the first time I saw this book I wanted to get it. I have been a big Poe fan for a long time now,and I've read a biography or two about him, and i wanted to read more of his works.I was tired of reading the same stories  and poems he wrote like the most popular one's that we read in school like,  The Raven,and The Tale Tale Heart and such other great works that he did.  Since I wanted to read all the poems and stories he wrote I thought  this  would be a great book, and it is. If you'r a Poe fan or like a classic  gothic story you should check out this book.It's filled with over a 1,000  pages of stories and poems. Dont delay and get this item while you can.  Trust me you won't put this down until you have read every story and poem  in this book.
0451160916|5.0|This book was the first real horror book that I ever read and I have now read it 14 times so it has got to be good. A few of my friends read it an bought it the day that they finished reading it. So in my opinion this book  is a need to read book!
630575067X|5.0|I thouhgt this movie was great.  The special effects were outstanding.  I  will admit jar jar was a bit annoying, but thats no reason to hate this  movie.  The reason many people did'nt enjoy it was because it did'nt live  up to the hype.  It was impossible for it to.  This movie was talked about  and inticipated years before its release.  There was no way it would of  lived up to that hype. It was a great movie though and if you enjoyed the  other star wars films or sc-fi/action movies you'll love star wars-episode  one!!! Can't wait for the rest of the prequals!
0446525537|4.0|If you cried when you read &quot;Love Story&quot; or saw the film, this too will bring tears to your eyes.  The author takes you to that small town in South  Carolina in the late 50s.  You can almost see the leaves falling  off the trees.  A truly remarkable story about young first love that is so  innocent and sweet it is almost syrupy.  This is a book that young  Christian adults can read as even though it is a love story it is  definitely G-rated. If you are looking for something racy, then this is not  it.  But those who have read Sparks know this.  This book left me feeling  both melachony and mellow.
0790729628|5.0|Back in 1982 I was fortunate enough to have actually seen Blade Runner in the theater. It made quite an impression on me, In 1992 I was able to see The Director's Cut in a theater as well. Either way, for me it's one of the  best films of all time. The difference in the two versions is quite  significant.  I happen to really enjoy and appreciate both versions, In a  sense it's two very different films. Harrison Ford's weary narration does  give it a 40's noir edge to it, without it, it becomes an even more distant  and very open-ended film, making Rick Deckard that much more of a  mysterious character. Is he or isn't he?<br />Harrison Ford's haunting  performance as the weary cop, is among his best. Rutger Hauer is  spellbinding as the replicant who just maybe more human than his creators.  Sean Young is memorable as Rachel, the confused and conflicted replicant.  Daryl Hannah, William Sanderson and Edward James Olmos are the other  standout actors. Director Ridley Scott created a visual masterpiece, on  every viewing you always wind up catching something new to it. The  groundbreaking production design and visual effects become much imitated in  following years. The haunting and eerily atmospheric score by Vangelis  captures the perfect mood.  The story itself is filled with subtle and not  so subtle themes and imagery and very much open to discussions.<br />This  particular DVD edition is ok, being that it was among the earliest DVD  releases. Warner Bros is in fact releasing a Special Edition later this  year that is to contain more features and remastered sound. For those who  have been intrigued by this unique Sci-fi tale, there is a must read book  for you..Future Noir The Making Of Blade Runner, which is a fascinating and  in-depth look at the making of this classic film.
630575067X|3.0|Let me make this plain to all those who didn't like it...The Phantom Menace is your typical action movie that sends you on a thrill ride and lets you off again.<br />Also, Jar Jar was not utterly repulsive, we all know  why he was there, but what I'm getting at is that this is yet another  example of the roller coaster ride syndrome.  Lucas needed someone to  smooth the action over so it did not overwhelm the story and perhaps he was  right, but sending in blubbering Jar Jar (how did he get along in life  everyone wonders)?  Well, to each their own.<br />Also, it is quite obvious  that this movie is mostly for the kids - they identify with Anakin and as  in all kid movies, they always know more and can do more than the adults.   How else to appeal to kids than that?  I couldn't buy the fact that Anakin  could pilot, let alone BUILD a podracer.  If you were 10 or 8, or however  old he was, would YOU be out there racing for life or death?  Or how about  C-320?  Anakin is well versed in advanced physics and electronics  development and just happened to tinker him together?  Please.  And last of  all, the space combat scene where Anakin decides to join the WWII fighter  like planes and attack the droid space station.  If that really took place,  Anakin would have been blown from the sky from the flak generated from the  station.  And for those of you who read this and think I'm wrong: If you'll  remember the space battle, the other pilots were getting shot out of the  sky and were having great difficulty just holding themselves together.  And  Anakin just happens to avoid getting blown up and just happens to land in  the bay with the power generator?  Get this, he does all of this without  knowing how to pilot the thing and happins to shoot off the proton  torpedoes when he tries to get out of the bay, blowing up the station in  the process.  I know some of you will think that because he knew how to  pilot a podracer and the fact that he is &quot;guided by the force&quot;,  he would be able to do all of those things.  Still, the force can only do  so much with an underdeveloped brain such as Anakin's.<br />About Darth Maul -  in my opinion, he was frightening to a certain extent, but he didn't say  much and so there wasn't much to fear. Had the movie stuck to character  development rather than action, it could have been hailed as the greatest  sci-fi/fantacy film since the original series, which also suffered from  some of those same kid elements.  But that's another story.  For those of  you who saw &quot;The Matrix&quot;, and who didn't?, you'll remember how  the characters were well developed and it was a perfect blend of great  story and action.  <br />You know who you are and you know what I'm talking  about.<br />The Phantom Menance could have been a good deal more, explaining  and remaining ON the story of the various worlds and the Jedi than filling  it with so much action that it became just that - an action picture.  And  there you have the point of my posting.  The Phantom Menance is merely an  action movie for all ages, not the great sci-fi/fantacy story it could have  been.   When are filmmakers going to wake up and realize that sci-fi fans  don't want hype and overused special effects (they should be used as a  backdrop, not making up the whole movie)...we want story and ideas; those  profound ideas that come from sci-fi!  <br />Where is the Foundation Triligy  when you need it?  Now that had story!
0345423496|2.0|I love most of Clarke's works but this book actually drives me mad! If I did not know him, I would guess he did never saw a computer even from distance! How he did even imagined using a computer virus, 1000 years after  it's creation on an alien computer? I really did not expect that from a  world class SF writer. I think that flaw realy spoils the experience....
B000002E5J|5.0|The first time I heard this CD I liked 2 or 3 of the songs...now I love them all except track 3.  This CD is definitely one that &quot;grows on you&quot; the more you listen to it.  This Latina siren has it all: vocal  style, raw emotion and great lyrics (and she is gorgeous, too!).  The 4th  track, &quot;Quiero,&quot; is definitely my favorite.  If you like a  slightly rougher edge check out her 2nd CD &quot;Donde Estan Las  Ladrones?&quot; Either way you can't go wrong - Shakira rocks.  The album  should contain a warning label:  Danger, ADDICTIVE!
0375703764|5.0|I must admit I am only on page 50 however this is one of the most complex, intelligent, passionate, mathematical and personal novels i have ever ventured into.  For anyone who likes to think  while they read, who doesn't mind reading passages over and over again to  find new meanings, who enjoys a story that creeps under your skin and one  that stays with you thru the day and makes you NEED to read... this book is  for you.  ( I won't bother you with a summary fo the plot as i do not think  i could do it justice--but please, check this book out- it's refreshing in  the light of so much trash...)
B000000H66|5.0|After trying Spiritual Healing and this out, it was wondering if I should return them. But I'm glad I kept this. The only reason I was not sure was because of the unflowing tune. You hear a cool intro to a song like  &quot;Without Judgement&quot;, and then the singing starts and the melody  does not totally flow into what came before, but don't let this get in the  way. The songs are melodic, the drummer is Gene Hoglan so you know the  drumming will sound awsome, and the lyrics are philosophical and deep.  &quot;Empty Words&quot;(a must-hear) is about lies and broken promises.  &quot;1,000 Eyes&quot;(another must-hear) deals with ignorance and loss of  a private life. &quot;Crystal Mountain&quot; and &quot;Zero Tolerance&quot;  are about the fanatic believers who blindly kill their fellow man for thier  god, and &quot;Sacred Serenity&quot; is about those who wish to find peace  of mind for religious thought. This album will not dissapoint, and will  soon have you trying to play the songs on the nearest guitar. If you only  get one Death album, make sure it is this one.<br />And thak God( there really  must be one) for letting Chuck's operation go successfully. Without him,  death metal would not be what it is today.
B00004KD1L|4.0|groove armada is one of the best dance DJs in all around the world with his best song and the newest &quot;I see you baby&quot; is the best and the greatest song in his latest album.
0140149295|5.0|Those of us who grew up in middle class America have no idea what a survival struggle childhood was for Ruben Carter and other kids like him. Read this story in all its uncensored rawness for a harsh dose of reality.  Then marvel with me at the wave of honor and respect Mr. Carter is now  riding in spite of his bout with the &quot;powers that be&quot;.
B00000JCB3|5.0|This is the best of all the Limp Bizkit cds!  If you want something better then *nsync GET THIS CD!  ITS THE BEST!
6305603847|5.0|Greatly remastered, it is a must for all pink floyyd fans.
B000002JR8|4.0|Following the masterful 'Vulgar Display of Power', there was a mountain of pressure heaped on Pantera by fans and critics alike to exceed the boundaries already broken by that album.  And did they do it?  Well,  Jeffrey, the answer is no, and yes. The sheer quality of Vulgar did not  permit the band to reach to such thresholds of excellence again, and to be  fair to the band, no-one could hope to top that effort. However, it showed  that metal (I hate that term) was still alive and well, and the best thing  about the fact that this went to no. 1 is that it was so monstrously heavy.   Granted, it isn't as heavy as all the black/death metal elitists would  have it be, but for a chart so accustomed to whiney alt-rock, it blew  several hundred cobwebs away.  But Pantera were never about chart  positions.  Kicking off with the unrelenting 'Strength beyond strength',  the band proudly reaffirm their 'Stronger than all' attitude with a track  that could admittedly have been better, but it does the job well.   'Becoming' destroys with a Cannibal Corpse(?)-esque riff and proves a fine  showcase of Vinnie Pauls prodigious double-kick drumming talents.  I know a  drummer who can barely hit the kick-rhythms with his fingers.  Next up  comes the obvious single, 'Five minutes alone', which rocks on a Thin Lizzy  tip (believe me when I say this; there is a Thin Lizzy riff almost  identical to it), followed by other single choice 'I'm broken', which is  perhaps the best song on the album.  Some may not find Phil's vocals  entirely to their tastes, and I confess I was a little thrown by their  throatiness, but he can stay in key no problem. 'Good friends and a bottle  of pills' sees one of the sleaziest sounding bass riffs I've ever heard  burble along nicely under some very weird guitar sounds (Dime was scraping  a beer can on the strings). But once you've seen the home-video 'Watch it  go', you'll want to skip the track as soon as it comes on.  I usually skip  it anyway, as Pantera suffered a serious lapse of quality control for that  track.  The anti-religion tirade of 'Slaughtered' scores your head with a  proto-black metal riff, and the way it breaks into the other main riff  leaves the impresssion that it was thrown together somewhat.  'Hard lines,  sunken cheeks' sees the band kick into groovy verse mode, and although it  may seem a little excessive at 7 minutes they use their time well.  From  here on the rest of the Pantera songs on the album see Phil get personal.   '25 Years', which I believe is an 'ode' to his estranged father, can quite  easily give you mental illness as the riff is a sickening slide riff  dredged up from the dark side of the mind.  'Shedding Skin' shows a little  ghostly subtlety with their first use of a non-distorted guitar on the  album.  But the monstrously extreme 'Use my third arm' treats us with a  black metal-esque uber-groove, and is so head-f**kingly intense it demands  that you listen.  The rather disturbing lyrics could well be a symptom of  Phil's heroin abuse at the time, but the less said about that the better.   The same goes for 'Throes of rejection'.  I'm not sure what possessed the  band to make these songs so quite schizophrenic, but by christ is it  effective. Album closer 'Planet Caravan', is the Black Sabbath cover song,  and is quite beautiful.  Phil sings with a divine voice, and the Hawaiian  beach solo takes you off to somewhere else.  Every time I walk home from  the town and it is a clear night, that tune always strikes up in my head.   It is at odds with the bulk of the album but it is forgiven because it so  perfectly executed. Despite the rather grating nature of the songs (as in  they can make you go insane after a while), there is something oddly  compelling about the whole beast that makes you come back to it.  It is  certainly not their best album by a long shot, and not my favourite, but  I've probably listened to it more than any other Pantera album in my  collection.  Not remotely commercial, even in the 'metal' sense of  commercial, but it still has that weird aura about it that makes you come  back for more.  And the cover sums up the record quite succinctly.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is a truly beautfiul movie.  I mean, it almost made me cry.  In total honesty, though, it DID make me cry.  The music, the animation, the GORGEOUS paintings and brilliant computer effects come together with a  moving plot to create one of the best movies, in my opinion, ever made.   You don't need to be an anime fan to appreciate a jewel like Princess  Mononoke; you just have to be human. ^_^
0964385619|4.0|Mr. Kiyosaki does reveal some useful information about the basics of wealth creation. He is also clear about where he thinks his own father was mistaken about money. Of course he would prefer the reader buy all his  books and his board game. Which for Mr. Kiyosaki would amount to some more  wealth creation.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Star Wars is the movie that started the whole fiasco. It got a generation of people into cheesy space movies. And my wife love this episode.
B00000I661|4.0|In the late 80's and early 90's, Metallica ruled the free world with an iron, bloody fist.  Ever since Load however, thier hold on the people began to disapeer.  But, with Garage INC., it pleases both fans.  LP 2 has all  the gore, metal, and beer for the folks who perfer 80's, early 90's  Metallica.  However, LP 1 is for the fans of toady's Metallica.  What is  said here is, buy the record and get your kicks with 2 LP's from one  god-like band.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I could not understand why this was an edited, standard format DVD. One of the major attractions of DVD are the choice to watch the version you want to watch. I guess the studio want to make more money when they release the  collectors edition. Wait until then to see this film!
630451087X|4.0|This film is very intellectual, very intense, and I imagine similar to taking large amounts of heroin. Nothing really makes sense, but provides an interesting trip along the way.<br />I found it quite disturbing, particularly  the guy at the party telling Brad that was at his house right now, and the  whole filming of them sleeping thing. It was extremely cold and distant,  and the soundtrack really added to the overall severity of the film,  contrasting between bellowing Tool and silence. <br />I liked it, but  certainly not one to watch alone or when you are tired. It will just be a  seemingly illogical waste of time, for the 'storyline' is far from fed to  you.
6304510861|5.0|their whole lives if they wanted to figure out his books, he said &quot;you should.&quot; Talking about his philosophical works, Nietschze said something like...&quot;if you're not a spiritual self-surmounter,  leave my books alone.&quot; Delving into the world of hidden meanings is  not for everyone, and it comes with danger. Entering into the world of  David Lynch is not always pleasant, it is often frightening. As we descend,  we are often confronted by the stuff which brings tiny little chills along  the back of the neck, or causes the heart to move a little more quickly.  Maybe our reality is only a small, veiled distance away from a deeper  reality, a reality that transcends death and some of the other laws of time  and space. Maybe we are created in the image of God, with the powers to  choose the directions of not only our lives, but also our souls. Maybe the  complexity and the opportunities are so vast that we all get lost to some  degree or another. But maybe we are all ultimately held accountable, and  the results of our truest, deepest choices for either life, caring, helping  others, or conversely, selfishness, lust, power, catch up to us, and we all  have to face where our decisions have brought us. I initially avoided this  movie because I believed it would be disturbing as hell. And I was right.  But I am glad I have explored its deeper meanings. Underneath, it's the  story of a man running from himself, from his choices, from his fate. He  magically finds a way out, but as he runs through his tainted fantasy, as  if down a dark alley, he is ultimately forced to confront the inescapable.  The way the two worlds of Fred and Pete are mysteriously linked remind us  that, if we delve deeper, our own reality is surrounded by clues of our  history, our mistakes, our challenges, the opportunities of how we create  our own destiny. You are reading these reviews, so more than likely you  already have begun a journey, and will face the challenges, the frights,  the opportunities that are to be had. As Nietschze said, &quot;and beware,  when you stare long into an abyss, the abyss stares long back into you...he  who fights monsters needs to make sure he doesn't become a monster.&quot;  Maybe man is destined to open Pandora's box, to eat the forbidden fruit  despite the warnings. It's only one by one, that each of us has the  opportunity to heal the damage. By bringing our own lives back into order,  humanity slowly advances towards the light. It's too late for Fred and for  many others to go back, to reconnect with the will of God, goodness,  thankfulness; hopefully its not too late for you.
B000001FBM|5.0|Paul,Gene,Ace,and Peter prove that they are the Gods in Rock &quot;N&quot; Roll with this CD. It was the first record I ever had of this remarkable group. I'd had it on eight track and played it allot growing up.  &quot;Detroit Rock City and Beth&quot; are two of my favorites. Hell,I like  the whole record. They along with Van Halen and AC/DC are the best rock  bands out there. If you're not a KISS fan,Buy this CD or tape and crank up  &quot;God Of Thunder or Do You Love Me&quot; and see what happens. I'll  tell you what happens. You find out like everybody else that KISS Rules!
014028009X|5.0|I read BJD and I'm in the middle of Edge of Reason, I absolutely adored it.  I can't really relate to it personally (I'm only 18) but either way, I am going to reach that stage and I can't wait, because if it's anything like Bridget says it is, I'll be dying of laughter.  This is easily one of  my favorite books.
6302378648|5.0|no one seemes to like this movie.   I personally found it very exciting.   I think, actually, it was the most exciting movie I've ever seen.   I'm 13 and I enjoyed this movie.   In fact, ever since it first came out, and I  was just 5 or so, I thought the premise of the story sounded interesting,  although I don't think I would've even wanted to see it back then.   I know  my parents wouldn't have let me anyway, but it seemed too scary.   Ever  since then I've always remembered it, and just a few weeks ago I saw it.    I just decided to look at the reviews, and they upset me very much.   I  think people who saw the old one just didn't like the remake and wanted to  post up their opinion.   It's really very good.   MUCH better than they  make it seem.   You'll love it.
6305750750|3.0|I guess I'm not a Star Wars geek. I enjoyed the original 3, but I didn't like this one. I enjoy all of mixed pholosophies mixed into a wierd intergallatic setting. I have to admit... I did enjoy it somewhat, but I've  seen better. Not worth dressing like a Star Wars character and wait in line  for a week or so. (You guys, learn that this is FICTION. You waste too much  elbow room with those maniac costumes in lines, and scare the children and  the public.) The little boy speaks so unnatural-- like he is reading lines  off of somewhere. Still, what a superb acter is he. This boy will age like  good wine, assuming he will change and grow in character selection. Is it  worth to buy it on DVD? I say that this is good enough to rent on VHS for a  night from Blockbuster.
6302891272|3.0|Okay, this is a Kurosawa epic, so the rave reviews are always going to come flying in. Well, I am a huge fan of Akira Kurosawa, and I have to say that this is probably one of his least creative works. It is just Macbeth  in a different setting, which of course Shakespeare afficionados are going  to appreciate, but the story isn't original and is therefore very  predictable. The pacing is plodding, even by Kurosawa standards; I found  myself bored out of my gourd during scenes that were supposed to inspire  tension or dread. Nakadai overacts as usual...sometimes like in Kagemusha  he can be good but often his mugging for the camera is painful to watch.  The ending is excellent, at least a twist that sets it apart from Macbeth,  but in my opinion it just isn't enough to make up for the drudgery of the  rest of the work. If you want good Kurosawa, get Ran, Ikiru, Seven Samurai  or Yojimbo...don't waste your time on this.
B00000DCH9|5.0|This is one of my mother's (and mine too) favorite album. I listened to it over and over before learning that my mother did the same thing. One day when she had stepped out, I got out the record to play it on my turntable  and dropped it. Now I'm on Amazon.com ordering a new one for her on CD.
0606170979|5.0|It's so GREAT! This is the kind of book that you take wherever you go, for me, I just simply couldn't put it down. The way the story was told is just so vivid that it makes you feel you're actually in the story as an invisible person whom Harry, Ron, Hermione nor Dumbledore himself know that  we're there. Greatest fantasy story ever told! Looking forward for the  later years of Harry's experience at Hogwarts.
B000002UWF|5.0|i saw this in a bargain bin, and took a chance because i had read a review of setzer that mentioned prima. the liner notes contain a comprehensive background on prima and his career, and i was more than pleasantly  surprised to hear the music. you can tell that prima and his band were  having a great time, and just hearing that puts you in a good mood, too.<br />there are maybe three songs i skip over (the novelty song 'beep beep'  being one of them), but the rest are fantastic. even if you've heard the  songs sung by someone else, prima's interpretation is so peppy and  upbeat--the swing standards that roth and setzer recreated, some pop  standards that every lounge singer knows ('embraceable you,' 'that old  black magic'), some songs that are almost comedy routines set to music  ('there'll be no next time,' 'banana split for my baby'). . . a lot start  out slow, nice, and easy, but louis, keely, and sam keep cranking it up  until every song cooks.
0061020710|5.0|I've been thinking about reading the Discworld novels for a long time, but I never got around to it because I really wanted to start at the begining.  &quot;The Color of Magic&quot; was a tiny bit bewildering at first, but it turned out to be the perfect book with which to sit back, relax and enjoy a  good laugh while my brain took a vacation from reality.  I've already  started &quot;The Light Fantastic&quot; and am looking forward to a long  and pleasant romp through the carnival of the odd.
B000002HJD|1.0|knowing she has no competition from this guy.Since ol' Lizard King left this mortal coil, how many rock stars have enlightened us with their &quot;poetic&quot; insights ? You can count them on exactly zero fingers.I  just bet anyone who claims to like this stuff slept through English class.
B00001NFCY|4.0|some songs are good, some are bad.i think most of them are o.k. but is it worth buying? yes if you like the songs they play on the radio or if you like their first CD. but if you think the songs on the radio and their  first CD are just o.k. don't buy the new CD.
6305627347|5.0|This is an excellent movie!  It's funny as hell!An excellent soundtrack, a good and understandable plot and contains Nudity!
1878424114|5.0|As I read the customer reviews about &quot;The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success&quot;, I find it fascinating that the reviews are almost without exception one of two types; &quot;Five stars--very positive--this book  changed my life&quot; or &quot;One star--this new-age drivel makes me sick,  please do not give your money to this man who is only using feel-good  rhetoric to liberate the gullible from their money&quot;  There are not  many reactions that are in the middle.<br />I think extreme opposing reactions  are typical to great works.  And I do think that this is a great work.   <br />The reason that I think it is so good is because the author is inspired  to write what he does.  This is a man who , from what I can tell, has been  a seeker all his life.  Ever the seeker, his path has led him to become an  inspired teacher.  To paraphrase Einstein--&quot;Great minds have always  had violent opposition by mediocre minds&quot;  But, I digress.<br />The  important point that I want to express here is that it DOES NOT MATTER if  what Mr. Chopra says is true or not.  What is important is that it inspires  real, positive change in peoples lives.  The inspiration and the change are  what are real.  The details are irrelevant.  <br />I have read this book many  times because the words awaken something in my soul that has always been  there.<br />If you believe what Mr. Chopra says then that is all that matters.   If you think it is bunk, then that is all that matters as well.  The power  of ones belief is EVERYTHING. It can change lives, conquer countries, kill  millions, or deliver someone from the depths of hell to the gates of  heaven.  It can also do absolutely nothing--depending on the believer and  what is believed.<br />If you belive that Deepak Chopra is just another smart  con-man who is playing to peoples emotions to get to thier money, then the  power of your belief is what will win.  It doesn't matter how many times  you read the book.  Nothing is more powerful than what you believe.<br />If on  the other hand, you are a person who believes they can be inspired, and  have no obstructing beliefs to begin with (also called an open mind) then  the chances are good that this book will touch you in a deep way.<br />As with  anything in life, it is entirely up to what you believe.
B00003Q438|5.0|The reviewer below must have forgot to manually change the sound to 5.1 through the main menu because this sound rocks.  The movie will only let you get 5.1 sound if youi change it through the main menu, otherwise it is  only dd2.0.  The special edition is pretty neet, and the part with the  tidal wave will shake your house(if you have a good subwoofer).  The  special edition explains things better than it was originally.  In addition  to this, the second disk has nothing but special features.  There is a nice  documentary, and the entire script is on this disk!  Also, all 700+  storyboards are included!  This boxset is worth the money!
B000002HRE|2.0|This album seemed to be forced. It just wasn't them. They made songs like &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Fight fire w/ fire&quot; and &quot;Battery&quot;, then they make this poor excuse for a heavy metal album. By the way, I DO  NOT CARE THAT THEY CHANGED THIER LOOKS!  Just because a person gets thier  hair cut and blah blah blah, doesn't mean a damn thing to me. Load was a  good album, this is the weakest metal album I have ever heard.
B000002AS1|5.0|This album is so beautiful. I love to listen to it at work. People always come in my office and ask what im playing and I always get rave reviews from them. This is just magical...I love it!
B000002B82|4.0|This album didn't disappoint me in any way aside from the fact that, even though I couldn't quite place my finger on it, was weak in certain areas. The songs &quot;Mama I'm Coming home&quot; and &quot;No more tears&quot;  seemed to be much more from the heart than the other songs. But I do enjoy  this Album, And its a more than welcome addition to my Ozzy Albums.
B000023VR6|1.0|I try. I really try. I want to like gangster rap. But how am I supposed to take this &quot;return&quot; seriously? So the &quot;old&quot; Dr. Dre is &quot;back&quot;? So what. All I'm hearing is a lot of people cursing and threatening people to &quot;hip-hop&quot; that amounts to little more than  pocky music. Bleep-bleep-boop, I hurt you! Bop-bop-blop, up yours! etc...  Who came up with the idea of making violent drug  dealers into social icons?  Dre reels about how  bad things are in the hood, then verbally struts all his guns and drugs and  murderous intentions. Dre hates to see poor people in the hood, but can't  help rubbing his immense personal wealth in our face. The rapping is tired,  the music is farcical, and the only thing interesting is the shiny new  curse combinations. Oh, Dre! Try something new already!
B000009QOC|5.0|This album is much like the previous one. It has light tunes yet they seem to have a sense of darkness to them. Danzigs vocal abilities are incredible. What he can do to manipulate punk rock(i.e. The Misfits) and to  manipulate this format is truly amazing. A definite buy, even if you've  never heard it, and if you are abig time rock fan, you will not be  disappointed AT ALL. This album makes talent have a new face.
0375751513|5.0|As Wilde's only novel, it does have it's slow spots.  However, the genius of the writing is in the dialogue (as is generally true of Wilde).  The depth of the ideas discussed is often overlooked by the simple way in which  they are presented.<br />Dorian's example forces us to examine our own lives  and face the unmistakable truth: the choices we make everyday determine the  state of our souls.
B00004LN16|4.0|Let's face it.  AC/DC is good because it IS simple and formulatic.  It starts with a groove and builds on it.  But it is not without it's risks.  When you build a song that simple, when you &quot;hit the hit,&quot; you're  on the money; most times you're screwed.  Back in Black was a classic  perhaps because they were not focusing on their EX-lead singer.  It was THE  album non-the-less.  For my money, &quot;For those about to rock,&quot; was  just as good, but a little bit nastier...more EVIL. (if that's possible)   Everything that has gone on since, has been on average, two good songs per  disc.  They were excellent songs... but let's face it... they need to study  Back In Black to see what they did right.  Stiff Upper Lip is better than  anything they have done since &quot;For Those About To Rock.&quot;  Could  it be better? Sure.  But over-all it is better than  &quot;Ballbreaker.&quot;  Who want's their balls broken anyway?  I'd rather  have, in Y2K, A &quot;Stiff upper Lip!&quot;
B00003CXA4|5.0|Ghandi, is the very important pace-man of the century, and the movie is the great tribute of hard labour of a little-big man. Thank por make a film about this. thank again.
6303073107|5.0|Truth is in the eyes of the beholder, or at least that's what 'Rashomon' is all about, but to say this Kurosawa masterpiece is nothing but a mediocre flick just shows to what extent utter ignorance takes pride in  itself. Listen Drew, if old foreign films are &quot;your bag&quot;, you'd  better check it over; I think your exploded head is inside and it's  begining to stink!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This cd is further proof that RHCP is the most talented band in music today! They are definately in a class by themselves! They have a sound and style that is all their own and I can't get enough of it!
0783241569|5.0|This film is one of Julia's best works. She and Hugh Grant display very good chemistry on screen, and make the film very enjoyable. The music in the film is perfectly placed, and the actors and actresses come off as  quite believeable in all aspects. Overall, a definitely recommended movie  for any occasion- an especially good date movie.
B000002J09|3.0|Okay, this album really deserves 5 stars when compared to just about everything else, but I wanted to kind of catch readers' attention.........      I really like all the songs here...a lot...but as a whole this album is  a bit overrated. The greatest of all time?  I'm not convinced it's better  than a few of pink floyds' (dark side of the moon, wish you were here, the  wall), the beatles (sgt. pepper, white albumm abbey road),the guitar god  himself---hendrix, or even a few of the doors'.       Being a fan of the  lord of the rings books, I like battle of evermore a lot, also because of  the acoustic guitars and mandolin work. Stairway to heaven isn't overrated  at all; the lyrics are great in that they aren't supposed to and don't have  one specific meaning, you get to fill in the gaps yourself. I like the drum  and guitar parts on all the other songs, but they lack in lyrical quality.  Page is really excellent...he ranks up there with clapton and vaughn, but  not with hendrix.........bohnham is my second favorite drummer (next to  keith moon), john paul jones is an excellent bassist (not quite john  entwisle quality), but I don't like robert plant all that much as a  frontman...he seems kind of like a rodger daultry clone..........I think  the comparing of zepplin and the who like i've been doing is  inevitable.........i suppose these critisisms may sound harsher than I mean  them to be.      This is a great album, but I think in actuality it  deserves 3 stars when compared to some of the ones I listed earlier, which  I wish I could give even higher ratings than 5. I do like led, but I prefer  III &amp; physical grafitti to this album, which still isn't nearly as  overrated as their debut is.
B000009CEM|5.0|This is THE best CD I have heard in awhile (along with Slipknot).  Burton C. Bell is one of the best vocalists I have heard, even though a bunch disagree.  <br />The CD is wonderfully arranged.  Starting off with hard  tracks like 'Shock' and 'Edgecrusher' and moving all the way to sad songs  such as 'Resurrection' and 'Timelessness'.  <br />Buy this CD now.  It is  excellent
B0000042H4|5.0|This is perhaps the most famous &quot;Ring&quot; recording, and the first one to be created entirely in the studio. While I have never listened to a full cycle of other recordings by other conductors, I can state with confidence that this is the one to have. How can I? Well, first off, I always meticulously study all the options that are available to me before I make a purchase as expensive as a complete &quot;Ring&quot; cycle. (I have no desire to spend the amount of money necessary to own ALL the recommended versions. Besides that, who has the TIME to listen to them all?) After consulting several &quot;expert&quot; sources, I found that most of them make this Solti offering their first choice, those that don't often make it their second. The most common alternative to this collection of operas is the one conducted by Karl Bohm (also with Nilsson and Windgassen), but it is usually the runner-up. Ironically, the final selling point for me was that a critic, who clearly disliked Solti as a conductor, called his recorded &quot;Ring&quot; cycle, &quot;The first and still the best.&quot;<br />Sir Georg's version of this enormous work is well conducted.  Solti was one of the most controversial conductors of all time; he seems to be revered by those newer to western music, and bashed by the cognoscenti.  As for me, I like to think that I'm objective about his talents; like any famous conductor, he was great at times and occsionally weak. It's ridiculous and insulting to say that this greatly successful, lifelong musician was a horrible conductor. Solti had a penchant for heavy-handed conducting, but it seems clear that &quot;Der Ring des Nibelungen&quot; was meant to sound powerful, dramatic, larger than life; fitting material for Solti's thunderous bent. I've already confessed that I'm not a &quot;Ring&quot; connoisseur, but I feel that the music, the subject matter, and Richard Wagner's well-known flamboyancy speak for themselves adequately. (This is not &quot;Tristan und Isolde,&quot; or &quot;Die Meistersinger von Nurnberg&quot;; these works would require a different temperament.)<br />Live opera recordings are notoriously difficult to engineer, and, joined with the difficulties of undertaking a work of this magnitude, a flawless, live production would be asking for too much. The singers, the quality of the conducting, the playing, or anything else for that matter, cannot possibly be uniform throughout. There are those that would prefer a live recording of &quot;Der Ring&quot; (I often favor live operas), but exceptionally recorded, all-out, live performances are virtually out of the question with a work of this scope. Although the first two works in this set are better performed, the last two are better recorded. The reason for this is that the complete cycle was recorded over a period of several years; &quot;Siegfried&quot; and &quot;Gotterdammerung&quot; benefitted from further advances in technology.  It's gratifying that the two excellent but rather less well-performed operas are, at least, better taped than their more inspired siblings. To be sure, although &quot;Rheingold&quot; and &quot;Walkure&quot; are not as crisply recorded as the concluding operas, they're nonetheless finely engineered. There is a feverish attention to detail in this monumental effort that is evident to the listener, a fine eye that makes one feel &quot;THERE.&quot;<br />The packaging for these fourteen CDs displays much of the scrupulousness that the recording sessions themselves did. Everything is presented beautifully; the attractive, sturdy box houses the four operas enclosed in cases of quality equal to it, and the librettos are well-done, albeit with tiny type. Decca obviously had the customer in mind when they issued a package that is so worthy of the contents. It's my educated guess, after listening to Solti's &quot;Ring&quot; more than once in its entirety, that one can do little better with another rendition. This is my first &quot;Ring&quot; and possibly my last; I'm very happy with it, and I think that you will be too. If you have plenty of time, deep pockets, and/or an obsession to find the &quot;perfect&quot; &quot;Ring,&quot; consider the acclaimed versions of Furtwangler, Bohm, and Barenboim (chronologically listed). Let me know what you think of them!  END
B00000K19E|5.0|I am starting to frighten myself and my family because I can't stop watching (or thinking about) this movie. How did Andy and Larry do this? This is on my top five list of the greatest movies that I have ever seen in  my life (so far). I know all of the music, lines, all of the moves,  expressions, colors, textures, sound effects, I even have The Matrix dolls  in my house. And, to make matters worse, I actually like Keanu Reeves now!  He was great in this movie (mostly because the directors wisely didn't give  him too many lines). Lawrence Fishburne with his vibe and his voice put  this movie on the map. Carrie-Anne Moss, a strong, beautiful, intelligent  woman. The directors didn't fill the movie with typical hollywood  steroetypes, everyone is helping everyone survive. Mark my words, Lawrence,  K.N. and eveyone else in the movie are now cult figures! Check this movie  out at least two times. And it must be on DVD. For all of you people  without a DVD player, get with it, get one and get this movie. Let's hope  that the two directors and their team can focus and keep it together for  the sequels.
B00003Q438|3.0|Has anyone noticed atleast one technical glith on the DVD? At the end of a later chapter (watching the special edition atleast) after the line &quot;this has a shvinter factor or 9.5&quot; or whatever the line is ...  it appears to freeze momentarily before going to the next scene with  Coffey?  Otherwise, a good film :-)
0767819446|1.0|This movie was the biggest piece of uh..ah..cake I have ever seen. I went  to see this movie with a couple of my friends and not one of us could  understand why we just paid to get in to this movie. It's like they took  every thing that was cool about The Matrix and removed it,leaving a  steaming pile on the cutting room floor. However if you are a big fan of  this type of movie...you still won't enjoy it, STAY OFF THIS FLOOR, as a  matter of fact DON'T EVEN GO IN THE BUILDING. HEADS WILL ROLL.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|The Last of the Mohicans is one of the best movies I've seen.  My girlfriend suggested I buy it on tape, but I held out until it was released on DVD.  I can't believe the parts that were cut out (and you won't  either).  I feel like I was ripped off.  I went out and bought the tape,  and left the DVD to collect dust.  How do I e-mail my opinions to the  director that edited the movie for DVD?  Unbelievable.
6303234844|5.0|Peter Gabiel is the consumate outstanding professional rock musician.  I saw this show in Houston in '93.  This may be the single best concert video ever recorded.  It is a must for ANY  music fan!  Whatever you do, buy this  video.
B0000013GT|4.0|With their eccentric style and originality,  Outkast has set the standard for southern rap. PERIOD!  Welcome to their urban realm.  It's one hell of a ride, and you love every freakin' second.
0767819462|5.0|This is the second time I see this movie, and once again it captivated me with its true morale of the meaning of a family.  Although what happens in the movie is quite rare in real life (we all wish stepmom, mom and ex-hubby  would all get along) it still doesn't fail to deliver a great message of  love to each viewer. Julia Roberts is stunning and beautiful, Susan  Sarandon is remarkable.  I just wish Ed Harris would have gotten a bit more  action in the movie, because he is talented as well.<br />&quot;Stepmom&quot;  is very sad but also happy at the same time; it's definately worth seeing,  so don't miss it for the world.
B00003CX5A|4.0|I have not seen so many heads being chopped off since the spanish inquisition. There were at least 5 heads rolling in the first 30 minutes of the movie. Don't get me wrong I loved the movie. I did however have trouble  figuring out Depp's character in the movie. He was part Sherlock Holmes and  part Perry Mason,mixed with a little Dana Scully for seasoning. First he  wants to believe nothing without scientific proof, then he freaks out and  all of a sudden he's a ghostbuster. Overlooking that part of the movie, I  do recommend this movie for a great weekend flick. &quot;HEAD&quot; out and  pick this one up.
0385121679|5.0|I'm a seventh grader ina small town outside of Charlotte, NC. My mom didn't want me to watch the movie &quot;The Shining,&quot; so I decided to read the book. How long did it take me? 2 days! Not bad for a 447 page  book! It was so well woven and scary that it kept me going all day! It  pumps up adrenaline bigtime!
B000000W5L|5.0|This album is probably the finest non-American tribute to the entire spectrum and roots of U.S. popular post WW2 music, and specifically black American music (with deep bows to country,bluegrass and others), ever made by any rock band, anywhere. That's a broad statement,  but this double album, their finest, repays using your listening skills. This is an ode to every nugget in American roots music - and what a goldmine.    The Stones were at the  height of their powers in the early 70's, turning out this double album of  immense energy, craft and plain hard rocking. The texture of the music is  dense and packed with so many licks,hooks,retro-riffs and new inventions on  older themes as to be almost exhausting to listen to.     The mix is thicker than a Georgia sow's belly and denser than a chimney-full of hickory smoke. It's tensile like barbed wire strained to breaking, yet has the rhythm of a Mississipi paddle steamer on full boiler. What it took out of  the band to make is something to be awed by. After this, they could never quite summon the energy again.    There are Stones albums  (single albums) that are more precise or have more  obvious Top Ten hit  material but none with this full-tilt energy and non-stop deep love of another  musical culture. No wonder the Stones stood out then, and now, as not just  another bunch of guys trying to be bluesy and black. They constructed an  entire work of energy and love, original yet deeply rooted in the  past.  And boy, does this masterpiece rock!     This double album is not \\"cover versions\\" of roots and blues songs - nor an attempt to \\"sound American\\" in an ethno-musical fashion. It is more than it's sources, if such a musical feat is possible. What is so compelling is that The Stones in \\"Exiles\\" actually improved and pushed forward the entire weight of roots and rock that had gone before them. It's uncanny, like someone has copied a book word for loving word, and yet that book is far richer and more veined than the original. Wait a minute, these guys are all lads  from London? They are not named \\"Pickaxe Walters\\", \\"Tucson Henry\\" or \\"Blind Somebody\\" and never stepped foot in the USA until in their 20's. Pinch me, and play it again.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie has literally blown all other Sci-Fi out of the water.  Unlike most Sci-Fi moveis who hide behind special effects, this acompanied with amazing effects also has a thrilling and edge of your seat story line.  If  you're going to watch only one movie this millennium please make it the  Matrix.
0425170349|5.0|Rainbow Six was awesome.  To come up with the &quot;Project&quot; and all its phases you would have to be a genius.  The action seemed to always arrive at just the right time.  The surprises that Clancy brought about only added to the great quality of this book.
6301763041|5.0|Johnny Depp is peer perfection... i love him so much and when i first saw this movie in 1990 i knew it was my all time favorite... Alison is total square untill she meets Cry baby aka wade walker and his gang.. she than  turns drape or sqrape half square half drape.. its the best movie you will  ever see i recommend this movie to ALL ages.....
6304383827|5.0|Emma was a VERY good movie! I saw it in Social Studies today, and i totally fell in love with it! You should buy it or rent it! I know you'll love it! Gwenyth Paltrow is incredible in this movie, and the boy she ends  up with at the very end is way cute! I hope this review was helpful to you!  Bye everybody. :-)
B00004RFFL|1.0|This film is a waste of your life.  Poor character development, no science, and the ending leaves you with not knowing what the point of the movie was.  Your time is better spent elsewhere.  Not even worth a dollar  rental.
B000001FS3|5.0|I am a huge U2 fan.  I love all of their stuff except for a lot of the Zooropa album, but this is my favorite.  It is actually my favorite CD PERIOD.  Every song on this CD is better than great except for &quot;I  Still haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot;, which is still a great  song.  &quot;With or Without You&quot; and &quot;Exit&quot; create such an  intense mood that is so hard for other artists to accomplish.  They put you  into the song -- you live it while you are listening and that is U2's  greatest talent.  Buy this CD.  Go see them in concert too -- they are  amazing.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against The Machine, in only three albums, has achieved the balance they've needed. Previously, their heavy messages and their particularly heavy music have clashed, with one drowning out the other in about half of  their songs.<br />But &quot;Battle&quot; changes that. The music has much more  variety than previous albums. &quot;Calm Like a Bomb&quot; has some  ridiculous guitar work, as does &quot;Voice of the Voiceless,&quot; a call  of the release of Mumia Abu-Jamal. &quot;Sleep Now In The Fire,&quot; the  current single, is an almost straight-ahead rock tune, and pretty darn  catchy.<br />Tom Morello is in peak form on &quot;Battle,&quot; creating some  insane sounds out of his guitars, such as the 'guitarmonica' solo on  &quot;Guerilla Radio&quot; or some Tom-knows-what feedback on &quot;Mic  Check.&quot; Lyricist Zach De La Rocha screams along with his music with  feeling not found too often. Their bassist, under the mocking psuedonym  &quot;Y.tim.K&quot; shows off his talent quite often, as does drummer Brad  Wilk. <br />Once again, RATM can make the claim that &quot;All sounds [are]  made by guitar, bass, drums, and vocals&quot; only. Listen through this  album and gasp at that achievement; it doesn't sound like it came easily.  Overall this album is a worthy addition to any Rage fan's collection, and  hopefully the thought-provoking messages and powerful music will draw in  many new fans for such a deserving band.
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork has always been known for her extremely unusual and original style of music. And Homogenic just might be the epitome of that.     First off I have to say that even as a HUGE Bjork fan, I didn't really like this album  at first. Simply put it was TOO WEIRD. But I've come to realize that it's  albums like these that withstand the test of time, and end up being one of  the more important and influential ones. <br /> I can guarantee that you have  never before heard music quite like the ones on Homogenic. Bjork lets free  every last inhibition she might have had on Debut and Post. She produced  this album herself, making it her most deepest, and most confessional.   Each song shows an unique part of Bjork. From the low and sexy bass beat of  Hunter, to the absolutely transcendental soaring strings on Joga. She mixes  phat experimental electronica, with classical style arrangements. Alarm  Call has to be one of her best songs, with a great funk beat you can't help  groove to. <br /> She ends her musical journey with All Is Full of Love, a  song that made me shed tears in its musical simplicity and lyrical  sentiment. If you're looking for radio-friendly hooks and instant  &quot;hits&quot; , don't buy this album.   But if you want music that  actually evokes profound emotions and makes you think, then Homogenic is  your answer.
0515127485|4.0|PoliticaL fiction is a difficult art. This book is a page-turner. It is an eye-gluer. You have to go on and finish it as fast as possible. But when you come to the end, you find out that nothing has really been achieved.  The secret son of Stalin is a myth. The impossibility for the Russians to  learn democracy is a point of view, hence subjective. In the end, the book  looks like a perfect justification of the emergence of a new dictator as  being the only solution for Russia. Putin is behind the door. I remain  unsatisfied with this vision , this fate and even fatal reduction of  history. Russia, like any other country, has no hope, no future in a  dictatorship, no matter how democratic it may dress. The characters are  simple-minded, whereas in a democracy a person can only survive if this  person is double-minded at least. In the end the vision is totally closed  on any future and hope. In the end the vision is fatalistic and lethal for  democracy itself. Of course it is a novel. But the use of real elements,  real names, real politicians and institutions gives a stamp of truthfulness  to what is nothing but an ideological and subjective vision. In other words  it gives a vision of the Russians as unable to get up to the twentieth or  even twenty-first century. This is discriminatory if not fundamentally  &quot;racist&quot;. The Russians will invent their democracy, even if a  little dictator, without any depth, has to be the go-between of the future.  This little dictator will enable the Russians to realise what democracy is  and to get rid of the old vision, so perfectly represented in the Russian  Communist Party that refuses to follow any trend, to listen to the future.  Jacques COULARDEAU
B00001U0GQ|3.0|I read the review of &quot;A viewer from Ventura, CA &quot; and I agree with him. I saw the director cut version, and a lot of things there doesn't make too much sense. If the original was, what he said were, then I see no  point in this director cut version. I definitely would like to see the  original version rather the director cut version, which seems to have cut  some critical scenes.
B00000IOSU|1.0|I'm amazed at all the glowing reviews below. This is one of the few times I agree with the press which has been pretty harsh on this tepid and genteel release from Sarah. <br />Understandably, she is now big in the US  after being huge in Canada for a decade. But how long will she continue to  milk her fanbase with in-between-studio-album releases instead of  delivering the goods? While I appreciate her point that songs evolve over  time with performance and hindsight -- how many versions of &quot;Hold  On&quot; and &quot;Ice Cream&quot; does the world need? <br />Let's see . . .  there's the &quot;Hold On&quot; from &quot;No Alternative,&quot; the  &quot;Hold On&quot; from &quot;Fumbling,&quot; the &quot;Hold On&quot; from  &quot;Sessions,&quot; and now the &quot;Hold On&quot; from  &quot;Mirrorball.&quot;  AUGH!   A similar lineage can be said for  &quot;Ice Cream.&quot;<br />How about NEW songs instead of the same old stuff  over and over and over again?
B00000K0DV|4.0|Hmmm... I can sum up this review in one word regarding this hellish slasher flick! &quot;BRUTALITY&quot; &amp; lots &amp; lots of it!  This is a bloody movie about a sadistic killer that loves butchering young-pretty  looking babes. This movie does NOT slow down at all... I was mesmerized  from the beginning to the very bizarre end! Nice line up of characters as  well... The death scenes are pretty graphic and are NOT for the faint-of  heart. The nipple scene is pretty sick as well as the eye tearing! This is  truly worth purchasing!
6302878527|5.0|This is one of my favourite movies of all time. Audrey Hepburn is just wonderful, and you can sense she is really FEELING what she portrays. Albert Finney is also very good, even though he is not a very likable  character. <br />The best scene is when he says &quot;I don't undrestand sex.  Say it easily -why is it we enjoy it more when it means less?&quot; She  answers &quot;It's because it isn't personal anymore&quot;.  I swear,you  can see the pain in her eyes when she says it. <br />This is a movie I have  watched over and over, and I never get tired of it. It's mostly for  romantics, but the rest of you will love it too.
B00003Q438|5.0|This is positively the greastest dvd ever made. The special features alone blew my mind. It took me almost 2 days to veiw all of the extra features, and I loved every moment of it. I have always said that dvd's should always  be more than just the movie, and the creaters of this dvd definately had  the same thing in mind. The original and special addition versions of the  movie were absolutely beutifely remasterd. I have never seen this movie in  such great shape. I do have to admit that the movie did seem a little quiet  at times with the sound, but I quickly forgot about that after I saw what  this dvd had to offer me. I give nothing but praise to the creaters of this  dvd and I hope they will do the same with future dvd releases.
B000002H72|5.0|This album is amazing.  Black refrences Luis Bunuel on the first track for chrissakes.  Any musical artist who can refrence &quot;Un Chien Andalou&quot; coherently is a genius.  I have to admit I didn't like this  album the first time I heard it, but it grows on you like a fungus and now  it's in my top ten of all time.  Ohh yeah, slicing up my eyeballs I want  you to know.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Well, this is certainly brutal, talk about heads rolling! I love this movie! I've only seen it once, and I can't wait till it comes out on DVD! This is definitely filled with very grim/dark atmospheres. I think they did  an outstanding job on this area, because it just adds to the morbid nature.  The violence is also very good, at 1st, I thought it was going to be all  sissy and wimpy, but I was totally wrong! This is dripping with blood!  Sleepy Hollow is Eye-candy for all.
B00000JPHE|5.0|Bela Lugosi perfected the role of &quot;Dracula&quot; on stage, brought it to the screen, and in doing so, immortalized the character for centuries to come with his hypnotic stare, gestures, &amp; speech.
6300183971|4.0|I've seen a lot of films.  All kinds.  I've watched this one more often than almost any other -- I find it spellbinding.  The images are unforgetable; they get inside you and never leave.  And they are unlike any  images ever put on screen before or since; the 3rd stage Guild navigator,  the Art Deco airships, the blue-within-blue eyes of the Fremen.  Of course  it was Herbert that created the concepts, but you've got to give Lynch  credit for realizing them visually. There are some that are among the most  grotesque I've ever witnessed, and that, frankly, I wish I'd never seen,  but after all, this is Lynch. <br />For years I never met anyone, or read any  critic, who liked this film; the difference between my opinion and that of  others was greater with this movie than any other I've seen.  Now I see  that many have loved the film, and that's satisfying.  Of course, there  will always be those who say &quot;not as good as the book,&quot; and who  can argue?  But, so what.  Read the book, then watch the movie.  I saw the  movie first, and didn't have a big problem following it.
B000002HPV|5.0|It's like a science fiction journey into the unknown. The first note of the album hypnotizes you into a trance...then, the deep bass dims the lights. It becomes dark. Strings create a mood of bliss. Then she starts  singing..'if travel is searching, and home has been found...im not  stopping...im going hunting...'. This goes on, till the bridge of the first  track brings you a euphoric experience you've never felt. This Euphoria  continues in 'Joga', the next track, often taking a break from the high  feeling, then catching you again, when you least expect it. Then a  melancholy sets in with 'unravel'. Just then, the big production comes in  (bachelorette), spewing out an unforgiving blissful feeling. Then, she  gives you a hug, and loves you with her 'marvelous web (all neon like).  Then a rest from all the euphoria comes with 5 years, which is probably the  best music performance ever in an album! It seems like a live jazz  recording, but not quite (with all the tasteful techno beats). Then she  reminds us that, YES indeed! she is a genius, with the small lyrical  content of 'immature'. She takes two small sentences and makes a wholesome  tune with it! Then...fresh air! 'Alarm call' sets in and enlightens the  listener. She has finally reached her destination. Its been a long hard  road. Just then, a twist of fate happens, and for some reason, she has to  explode! Her anger punishes you, but she makes it clear she will be brand  new tomorrow (pluto), so don't worry, because 'all is full of love'. all  around you! Basically, this IS her best work! Post was more polished and  easy to listen to, but this could be thought of as a futuristic jazz  recording, since every track was done in one take, to give the feel. It's  Bjork at her most ambitious and confident. Also, an original work of art  which is hard to duplicate, makes this, perhaps one of the best works of  all time! It's full of euphoria, love, abrasiveness, and more love. Some  who liked post might not enjoythis, because it lacks glitter pop melodies.  You must understand that this is her DARK album. It's raw as well. If youre  into the harsh innovative beats in techno, as well as top notch rock music,  you will certainly like it! You must buy it and give a few listens, as it  will grow on you, and become a rewarding piece of art. Its one of those  albums you MUST hear in your lifetime, honestly!
B00000K0DV|4.0|Hmmm... I can sum up this review in one word regarding this hellish slasher flick! &quot;BRUTALITY&quot; &amp; lots &amp; lots of it!  This is a bloody movie about a sadistic killer that loves butchering young-pretty  looking babes. This movie does NOT slow down at all... I was mesmerized  from the beginning to the very bizarre end! Nice line up of characters as  well... The death scenes are pretty graphic and are NOT for the faint-of  heart. The nipple scene is pretty sick as well as the eye tearing! This is  truly worth purchasing!
B00000JPHE|5.0|Bela Lugosi perfected the role of &quot;Dracula&quot; on stage, brought it to the screen, and in doing so, immortalized the character for centuries to come with his hypnotic stare, gestures, &amp; speech.
B00000IOSU|1.0|Don't get me wrong: I love Sarah's music . . . but if she releases ANOTHER one of these live/outakes/remix/alternate versions CDs I'm going to pack it in . . .<br />While this is being touted as a &quot;gift&quot; to fans, it's  only a cheap way to direct money into her bank account. <br />Half-baked  performances, way too many &quot;WE LOVE YOU SARAH!&quot;s from the  audience . . . this is narcissism at its worse.<br />Just because the name  &quot;Sarah&quot; is on the cover, doesn't mean it's good.
B000002IZ4|5.0|In my opinion, &quot;Purple&quot; is without question one of the top ten albums of the 90's.  Three songs from it: &quot;Vasoline&quot;, &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot;, and &quot;Big Empty&quot; have become  modern day classics.  But this album contains many other great songs  including &quot;Meatplow&quot;, &quot;Unglued&quot;, and especially  &quot;Army Ants.&quot; It is not quite as heavy as &quot;Core&quot; and not  quite as diverse as &quot;Tiny Music&quot; but it provides a nice medium.   The band's creativity and writing skills are really on display here.  If  you like STP, you probably already have it.  But if not, pick it up.
0684833395|4.0|War is a summary of all possible tragic events. Here the main character, Yossarian, is someone who recognizes that absurdity has become a way of life for a world were logic reasoning has been twisted to support a group of persons who could not care less about their fellow beings.<br />The problem  for someone, as him, who suddenly becomes &quot;enlightened&quot; is that  he can no longer be understood. Besides he can no longer be in communion  with life as it was before. From that perspective everything that occurs  becomes absurd, and what is absurd is usually funny. Here is the strength  of the book, it proves that once you can laugh about the situations you are  living, you are in control of your life andabove those persons who try to  keep you under their grip.
B000002UV9|1.0|Dreadful album!  I'm sorry to any Queensryche fans that I may offend, but I listen to bands like Metallica, Soundgarden, and Alice in Chains so to me, Queensryche's &quot;rockin'&quot; songs sound like fraggle rock to me.   And I also listen to bands like Pink Floyd and Guns N' Roses so this music  doesn't seem very emotional to me either despite what some of you have  said.  This album came out the same year as Metallica and Guns N' Roses  released great albums, and I think only 1 year before Nirvana released  &quot;Nevermind&quot; so this album just doesn't cut it.  Some of you say  that Queensrych sound like Pink Floyd.  Sorry, but they don't.  If you want  a band that sounds like Pink Floyd, buy Pink Floyd.  I'm sorry to any of  you mutants who might actually like this garbage, but that's just my  opinion.
0783229135|4.0|I feel I must respond to that last comment on Animal House.  Granted, Belushi is the staple that hold this film, but there are many others that do so as well.  It is not all Belushi; Matheson, Sutherland, Vernon, and  Furst are all worthy to see in this film.  It set standards for college  obnoxiousness that were probably worse in real life.  But National Lampoon  did just that: it lampooned the reality.  It was not as biting as the  magazine, but neither were the Vacation films or any of the other rather  bad films that they made within the past 10 years.  Other than Animal  House, Vacation, and Christmas Vacation, the others are terrible.  The  Blues Brothers a classic compared to Animal House?   Incredible.  You sit  through that whole film to watch the car chases, especially the one at the  end.  In comparison Animal House is a laugh riot.  If you want to be  entertained and are looking for a good poke in the eye of college life,  Animal House will fit the bill.
B000002AHC|5.0|&quot;Artificial Energy&quot; starts things off, and it just keeps getting more beautiful. This is the best Byrds album ever, with the loveliest singing and songwriting they did, and the bonus tracks make a perfect  record even better!
B000001DQI|5.0|Elton's most perfect record. Hard to believe he could top &quot;Honky Chateau&quot; and &quot;Don't Shoot Me&quot;, but he did. If you're not sobbing like a little girl after hearing &quot;Funeral For A Friend&quot;  then check your pulse, my friend. There are too many great songs on this  collection to name them all. This is practically a greatest hits album. An  essential album in any CD collection.
0684847248|4.0|Peck believes that psychotherapists are God's gift to mankind, bringing them salvation on large platters, if only each person would take the time and spend the money to be psychoanalyzed for a sufficiently long  time.<br />Peck's views on love, evil, and God can be summarized as follows:  Love is an act of will whereby we encourage the spiritual/mental growth of  another.  Laziness is the evil that exists in the world, either passively  or actively discouraging spiritual/mental growth.  Laziness is the original  sin, the born-in problem that each of us must deal with and defeat to grow  and mature.  God is the collective unconsciousness of mankind and our  individual unconscious is the gateway between our consciousness and God.   God is the positive force in the universe that wants to see us grow  spiritually.  Our goal in life should be to become more God-like.<br />Peck is  too sure of his ideas to suit my taste.  He is a populist psychologist and  a lazy philosopher, but an interesting and stimulating read just the same.   On one point I agree totally with Peck however -- that the traditional  dogmas of religion must be rejected if we are to come to know God.  Once we  reject the old dogmas, and everything we have learned about God, then we  can begin to know God.  But Peck offers us a not so subtle dogma of his  own, and the reader should be careful not to accept this new dogma as a  replacement for the old.
B000001EGA|3.0|The cover is about the most interesting thing about this record. The title track starts the record off in promising fashion and &quot;Bitter Fingers&quot; shows flashes of the old Elton, but the rest is somewhat  boring. Sounds very dated to listen to it now.
B00003Q438|4.0|The movie was great when I saw it in 90. The DVD is put together very well. The only problem I have is that everywhere I look, it says the movie is in Dolby 5.1 - NOT TRUE The movie is in Dolby Pro Logic - Wouldn't this  be considered false advertising?
0451160916|5.0|Voices heard in the halls of the ominous hotel, visions of of a startling past, REDRUM-All of these things are what make the book a good scare!  I read this book in eighth grade and try not to read it alone.  King has conjured up a book of horror and suspense that keeps you on the edge of  your seat from one page to the next.  This is King's best work.  I love  this book and read it atleast once a year (preferably in the WINTER).  I  reccomend this book to anyone who wants a good scare and has a good  imagination.  Warning:  DO NOT READ ALONE OR IN THE DARK!
0793563836|4.0|This book is pretty good for a beginner.Although it may rely on TAB a bit much and its difficulty vary song to song, I'd say it's worth buying. Plus it is another of Hal Leanord books so you know it's not of poor quality.And  it is packed with alot of great information.
B00000J2KX|5.0|This movie is by far one of the best HORROR movies ever made.  I saw it for the first time when I was in 6th grade, and haven't taken a bath since!   This is my favorite movie and I enjoy it more and more each time  I watch it.  The only thing I don't like is that Kubrick went against  King's wishes and didn't make it like the book.  I think it would have been  an even more popular movie if it had followed the book.  But, I do have to  say I LOVE THE MOVIE!   IF YOU WANT TO SEE A GOOD HORROR, WATCH THIS ONE.
0671042858|2.0|I like Stephen King, but this book was not up to his usual standard. It had the feel of a throwaway effort; maybe he wasn't really in a writing mood. It's a quick read and not boring, just not top-of-the-line King.
B00001OH1S|5.0|Never have I heard a CD on which every song is wonderful.  This is the first time I've been able to press &quot;PLAY&quot; and let it go without having skip any tracks.  I enjoy it immensely.
B00000064G|5.0|I encountered the music of Nick Drake when I was fifteen (I am now 34 yrs old) and I was still living in Italy.  Throughout my adolescence he has been a muse to me, inspired me to write poems and kept me company in the  dark days of the teenager year.  As in those days there were no walkmen, I  used to bring with me a tape player wherever I went, which I would keep  close to my ear to listen to Drake, Joplin, Genesis and J. Morrison.  When  I heard the commercial of VW on TV a river of emotions submerged me and the  first thing I thought was: &quot;You mean, he has not been  forgotten?&quot;.  Because I remember being always the only one who knew  who he was and introduced him to every one I knew.  I was so surprised that  his CDs are out, for I always thought of him as one who never made it to  the big market (and I liked that, although it saddened me that such a  wonderful musician should be in the shadow). I still have only his records  and not a turn table anymore, and will buy Fruit Tree again in the CD form.   For all of you, out there, his voice is haunting and the complexity of his  songs stunning.  And above all his voice is deep, not timbrewise, but in  the forgotten meaning of profound.
6305268843|5.0|Took a chance at the video store and got a winner
0679745203|5.0|As some other reviewers, I have read this story after watching the film first.  I am very glad that I did, because I have discovered a talented writer, of whom I knew nothing before. Some people, who were very impressed  by the film, might have found the book less satisfying, because of some  plot differences between the two. These differences doubled the pleasure  for me, personally. Both men, Anthony Mighhella and Michael Ondaatje, are  absoltutely genious and it is nice to have the same fantastic story told  twice from a slightly different perspective.  Bravo to both men!
B00003Q438|5.0|Having only previously seen the theatrical release on VHS, I was pleased with the movie on a whole. Sure, the plot is a little meandering from NTIs (the aliens) to maniacal military foes, but it's all in for good fun. <br />I  don't think of the Director's Cut as the panacea for some of the plot's  discontinuities, but it certainly is an improvement. It clarifies many  issues from the theatrical release, not through direct answers but subtle  references. The wave sequence really changes the theme of the movie to a  criticism of society, in that we're too busy trying to kill each other.  These few minutes alter the ending (and the overall feeling of the movie)  very much so from the theatrical release, and they are definitely for the  better. <br />The real appeal of this DVD set lies in the amount of extras  presented; so many that 2 discs are needed, though both are single-sided.  Movie trailers, two Making-Of features, many short reels on effects takes,  pop-up commentaries, will give the viewer more appreciation for the movie  he has just seen. As of the writing of this review, excluding some  Criterion Edition DVDs, this has the best extras quality and quantity-wise.  <br />As for picture/sound quality, it has only a few flaws. The picture is  excellent, but the sound is a little subdued in parts and just plain soft  in some sections. This is only a minor flaw however, and does not detract  from the viewing experience unless you concentrate on finding the flaws  (which you should NEVER do). Alan Silvestri's score captures the mystery of  the deep with the oohs and aahs of the chorus, as well as the military  motif of the slowly-turning-insane Coffey. This score ranks up with  Predator as one of his best. <br />So, a good movie is made better by the  inclusion of the director's cut and a plethora of extras.  With only minor  sound issues, this DVD will stand out for quite some time. All in all, a  great effort by Fox on this DVD; I don't believe they left out anything,  excepting an isolated score. The sheer mass of extras more than make up for   a less-than-perfect sound transfer. I'd give this whole thing 4.5 stars,  but I'll round up :)
B00000263T|4.0|I love this album, great songs and the best guitar performance of any of their albums. Slightly more commercial but it just doesnt matter it is still metal and heavy and I think it works. They never did a proper  follow-up to Restless but this is their second best album in my opinion as  Balls can be a bit boring and has some goofey lyrics. There are some  classic overtones in it which Restless also had, pity they did not do a bit  more of that kind of thing.
6305754950|5.0|I first watched this movie when i was 8 and then watched it 50 or 60 times... Now i'm 29 and for 21 years i didn't watch a better one.I think it's the best western and also the best John Wayne and the best Robert  Mitchum film that ever made.The music is incredible and also the atmosphere  and the action... This is a must have western..It's worth to buy ... Simply  The Best...
B00000HZTB|5.0|Reed truly cleaned up his act, writing about marriage and love alongside pain and fear.  The album has a certain precision to it, and along with Legendary Hearts make up some of Reed's most compelling work.
0440180295|4.0|Every Vonnegut book I've read has been an adventure into the mind of one of America's best writers and into the essence of the American experience.  Some of the books are true classics.  Slaughterhouse Five is one of them.   <br />This book has no plot.  Neither does life.  It has no character  development.  Human character is shaped by events, not by revelation.  If  you like Stories (with a capital &quot;S&quot;), you may not like this  book.  If you're looking for an easy read, you definitely won't like this  book.  But if you've ever marveled at how life can seem so  &quot;unravelled&quot; at the edges, then READ THIS BOOK!<br />Vonnegut  intentionally makes the plot and characterization of his novels difficult  to analyze on the surface, because he's got a lot more important things to  do with portraying the perplexing unfolding of human experience that is the  substance of his work (and our lives).    <br />Slaughterhouse Five  exemplifies Vonnegut's mastery of the Art of resolving the tension between  our need to create order out of what we experience and the inevitable  unpredictability of human nature and life events.<br />How does he resolve  this tension?  And why should we care?  Step out into your backyard on a  warm Summer's night, take a long look up into the heavens, and think about  what the Tralfamadorians are getting out of this experience.
B00003Q438|5.0|I cannot believe how many extras The Abyss Special Edition has.  It will take weeks to view it all.  Next to the Matrix DVD, this has the best, most detailed extras ever.  Almost too many.  As for the story... simply  awesome.  James Cameron fails to disappoint.
0679805273|5.0|This is a great motivational book for all ages.  I'm a National Sales Manager and plan to give this book as a motivational achievement award to my sales associates!
B00003Q438|5.0|I cannot believe how many extras The Abyss Special Edition has.  It will take weeks to view it all.  Next to the Matrix DVD, this has the best, most detailed extras ever.  Almost too many.  As for the story... simply  awesome.  James Cameron fails to disappoint.
0783242808|5.0|AMERICAN PIE has to be one of the funniest movies to come out of the 90's.  Basically everyone knows the story of four high school friends who make a  sacred pact to lose their virginity before prom night, but it's the things  that happen in between that will have you rolling around with laughter.  This is a movie everyone should see, but those who have a disregard for  slapstick, in-your-face humor should stay away. Many highlights include: a  boy getting &quot;intimate&quot; with apple pie, a boy who has an  &quot;accident&quot; in a cup of beer, a french girl with an amazing body,  and a band member who has a special talent that involves the assistance of  her flute. All in all, a halarious funny trip to be had!
0440219078|5.0|I thought this book was really good. The place that this book is set in makes you think about how things are today. The ending is a little confusing, but if you read it over a few times, it gets clearer.
0684833395|5.0|this is one of the best satire books you will ever read, the book is funny as hell to.  many people can't get past the first page of the book just because they don't understand it.  if you like satires this book should  definetly be on your list to read.
B0000067X1|5.0|this is a wonderous record, its like a dreaM  its not like normal music maybe that bothers people as though we havent had enough normal music in the past fifty years of corporate jerks marketing the same artless music  over adn over again. this Record is     wonderful.
0553213105|5.0|I note with interest that every one-star review posted here comes either from a male or an unidentified &quot;reader&quot; . . . I'm not especially surprised, and to the males, don't blame yourselves if you can't penetrate Jane Austen (it is undoubtedly more appealing to the female mind), although  I must vouch for P&amp;P and pity those who pass over this excellent novel.  The whole charm of the story lies in the high vocabulary which Elizabeth,  Jane, Darcy and the rest employ, and the wonderful language creates a rapid  succession of wit, romance, and observation on human absurdity, in style.  ~~~~  It's hard to understand how people can find this book  dull, for the very first chapter rolls out a lively discussion between Mr.  and Mrs. Bennet. In my opinion, Pride and Prejudice only gets better as you  go on; I admit to once finishing the novel and promptly rereading it one  day later. Also to smiling for one week straight, for Elizabeth and Mr.  Darcy.  ~~~~  Please don't come to Jane Austen only to criticize  her subject matter-- every author has a style and a realm of experience  which make their books unique. If you think the young ladies' endless  pursuits of wealthy marriages to be old-fashioned and petty, they are! But  Jane Austen crafts the novel with a skill and wit that lets the novel at  once both expose how ludicrous that English society was and yet create  lively and very human characters you have to love; and therein lies its  charm. Pride and Prejudice is a lovely combination of sly humor,  exasperation, and romance that make it one of my favorites. I hope it will  be one of yours too-- don't give up on Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy before you  even know them! And understand Jane Austen for the talented authoress she  is, whether you think her settings and period portrayals deplorably dull,  pathetically petty, or (I hope!) cleverly charming.  ~~~~ I think  that most people, when they read P&amp;P, either love it or hate it.it.
B0000085N4|5.0|Here it is the year 2000 &amp; I have just found one of my all time favorite albums by surfing the web!  When I first heard The Cult was back in 1993 that is when I purchased their tape. I loved it &amp; my tape has  mysteriously disapeared (borrowed perhaps by one of my 4 pre-teen to adult  children), undaunted I am now going to the CD version.  This is definately  a must have for my music collection!  I love every second of it and it will  never grow old. I am 42 years old and in my opinion I believe it to be a  mixture of Steppenwolf &amp; Aerosmith combined. A true classic. It flows  smooth through all the tracks taking you on a musical ride wanting more!
B000002BE9|5.0|I'm giving this CD 5 stars even though I don't think it's a masterpiece. (although it is pretty darn close.) On the strength of Shadowboxer, Sullen Girl, The Child Is Gone, Never Is A Promise, and to a slightly lesser  degree, Sleep to Dream &amp; Criminal, Fiona shows what a wonderful song  writer she is. But maybe most of all, it's Fiona's beautiful voice that won  me over. Good song writing plus beautiful voice adds up to one terrific CD.
B0000025YN|5.0|I like a wide variety of music, but this one stood out in the dusty old collection of tapes I've been replacing with CD's.  Looking at the other reviews, I'm surprised, but glad so many others seem to see it that way  too.  If &quot;Defenders of the Faith&quot;, and &quot;Screaming for  Vengeance&quot; were on the same album, it'd be hard to top in the metal  classics bin.  The studio sounds on those are just phenomenal:  80's  polished but phat, sweet, and chunky!  This album, John Denver, and the  girl next door are what made me pick up playing guitar, 14 years ago (go  figure)!
0380973839|5.0|This book displays Ray Bradbury's incredible imagination and talent to make Mars, and life on Mars (something that could become very real) come to life.  This book is a must - read for all sci-fi lovers and for people who  like a good twist in their stories.  Bradbury always comes up with some  shock to end you with; leaving you wanting more and more.  But since he has  written 6 thousand other things we are very fortunate to have more.  Don't  let this be the one you don't read.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit's Significant other album, is awesome, It has everything that you would ask for, from rap to rock, Limp Bizkit is on top of the rap/rock division.  &quot;Break Stuff&quot; there latest hit, is just awesome.  I  give the whole album two thumbs up, it features eminem, method man, Jon  davis from KoRn, Fred Durst is the man! If you do not have this album yet,  you gotta pick this up, its over 5 times platinum already!
B00000JCB3|4.0|I really liked the CD and the multimedia on the cd-rom.  One of the good things to hear is that Korn and Limp Bizkit are doing songs together.  The edited version is just as good the explict version.
B00003CWPR|4.0|This could very well be the hallmark of Kubrick's  work. This is his last film and in my opinion one that will match 2001 and The Shining. It has overtones of both of these masterpieces and I was riveted to the intensity  of the story.I waited some time before seeing it because of word of  mouth....not good. Well it is and it should be seen, but perhaps not ever  clearly understood.
0553108034|5.0|Dear Mr George R.R. Martin ,   It is all of your fault that I wander through out the bookstores aimlessly looking for something to read . Please finish the sequel to &quot;A Clash Of Kings &quot; . I need to move on ,  find a new author ; but I find myself wondering what Jon Snow is doing .   Gosh that Drawf is  smart . Is he really such a bad guy ? Will I ever pick  up another book again until I read the sequel ?
B000005JA8|5.0|I was about 15 when I first heard the capt and I loved Spotlight Kid, Safe as Milk, Clear Spot, (Big eyed beans from venus) then I bought this..... I new It was saying something profound in a way that that had not been done  before. When I played it to people, They would just stare at me. So this  album made me different from every body else. I just wished I liked it. It  is awfull, no tune.<br />After playing it occasionally for 5/6 years I gave up  and stopped playing<br />Every year or so I would be play it out of curoisity.  And it didnt sound so bad About 15 years after I bought it Played One more  last time and realised this was the GREATEST ALBUM EVER MADE<br />My addvice  is buy Clear Spot, Safe as Milk, Spotlight kid, Strictly Personal. Then if  you get board but Trout Mask Replica<br />Play one side every 3/4 months, for  a few years stop playing it for a few years Then play it one more last time  It may take 20 years but then you will realise this album is a work of  genius.<br />I love the Captain, in 100/200 years he will be viewed like  mozart (fast and Bulbus)<br />soryy about the speling I'm delexlic
6305750750|4.0|Personally I think there has never been a better movie but as it went along I saw many flaws.  1. How could Anikan build C-3PO if Cybot Galactica were the ones that designed him.  2.  How can they mesuer the Midichlorins  if the FORCE is all around.  3.  Why didn't Darth Malue screm when Obi-Wan  sliced in half.  Even though he was instantly dead he would have felt  something.  4.  Why didn't Qui-Gon die instanly.  5.  Why don't more Jedi  members speak.  6.  Last I herd R2 didn't have any thing to make him stay  on a ship especally when it went to hyperspace.  As soon as I can think of  more flaws thats all I have to say.
B00003Q438|3.0|My problem with the DVD is the color correction on a lot of scenes seems off.  The supplements are astounding, though.  One question remains:  Why did they skip the anamorphic transfer on this one?
B000002H33|5.0|Metallica was one of the most important bands to my evolution as a music fan. They were my introduction to metal, and helped open the door to discovering countless bands. And, while my tastes have changed over the years since then, this is one of those bands that will always be near and dear to my heart.<br /><br />But not only that, Metallica, and \\"Master of Puppets\\" in particular, are extremely important in the world of metal overall. \\"Master of Puppets\\" stands as one of the most influential metal albums of all time, as well as one of the best thrash metal albums to date. Thrash in general was always about just straight-ahead speed and heaviness, but Metallica went above and beyond, and took it to whole new levels, adding more melody, more sophisticated song structures, and just better music overall.<br /><br />While your average Joe Thrash album doesn't offer much variety from song to song, Metallica always did a good job of keeping things diverse. From the all-out thrashiness of \\"Battery\\" and \\"Damage Inc.\\", to the more dynamic epics of \\"Disposable Heroes\\" and the title track, to the somewhat more calm and reserved \\"Orion\\", to the chunky mid-pace metal of \\"Leper Messiah\\", to the dark, creeping \\"The Thing That Should Not Be\\", to the monster buildup of \\"Welcome Home (Sanitarium)\\", there's plenty of variety here. Definitely a cut above the rest.<br /><br />For anyone who is new to metal, \\"Master of Puppets\\" is a perfect place to start. Metallica's best, one of the best. You can't go wrong.
B00000J7JO|5.0|the is cd has music for everone and it is an awesome price. this is some of there best work yet.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I own this one and it is hot!  I've been listening to Santana for decades and this CD proves to be a classic.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Ok, so they are really popular now and are constantly on MTV, but they deserve all the attention.  I give them credit(especially Richard Patrick) for releasing an awesome album after 'Short Bus'.  The songs are more  focused and have the sonic impact of a tsunami. &quot;It's Gonna Kill  Me&quot;, &quot;Welcome To The Fold&quot;, and &quot;Skinny&quot; are my  favorites, but the whole cd is good.  &quot;Take a Picture&quot; is a great  song, if you don't listen to the radio.  But this is definitely one of the  best cd's of the year.
6305537798|5.0|This is my absolute favorite movie -- I think I have seen it905 times hehe......  You will love it!
B000002TYK|4.0|Me:  Thirty-eight year old with a fondness for the Beatles, Al Green, and the Sex Pistols.<br />My son:  Fourteen year old who pretends to like my music.<br />Scene 1:  He and I in the car with the radio on.<br />(Fade  in...&quot;This Is A Call&quot; is playing...)<br />Me:  Who is this  band?<br />Son:  The Foo Fighters.<br />Me:  Who?<br />(Long silence)<br />Me:  These  guys aren't bad.<br />Scene 2:  He, his friend and I delivering bags of leaves  for the annual townhouse community clean-up.  The radio is on.<br />(Fade  in...&quot;Big Me&quot; is playing...)<br />Me:  Is this the Foo  Fighters?<br />Son:  Yeah.<br />Me (noticing the bevy of eye-poppingly nice  female teenaged units who have eyed our mini-van now that the sliding door  has been opened and they can hear the music):  Cool.<br />Scene 3:  I'm  sprawled on the Lay-Z-Boy in the living room, in a stupor, watching a  Saturday Night Live rerun.<br />(Fade in:  The Foo Fighters are rockin' like  it's WAY PAST 1999)<br />Me:  Is this off that Foo Fighters album?<br />Son:   Yeah.<br />Me:  What song is this?  It rocks!<br />Son (smiles, knowingly):  For  All The Cows.
0345389409|4.0|I have had mixed emotions about the entire Vampire Chronicles.  As in the first four books of the series, I found the language almost poetic, the story fascinating, the characters 3-dimensional, and yet, I wasn't  satisfied.  Most of our old friends make cameo appearances, including  David, Louis and Armand. I was pleased to see that the author did not worry  about negative press regarding Memnoch's views on Christianity, etc.  She  definitely pulled no punches.  At a minimum, this novel serves as a  commentary on the world's religious history and at least should make  readers think about the bloody history of organized religion in our world  society.  I found some parts of the novel a little too poetic in that the  language threw me off track.  But I suppose it is quite difficult to create  believable dialogue when you are using God and the Devil as your  characters.  Occasionally I was lost and found myself daydreaming.  The  threads of the story line were so long though, that I didn't seem to have  missed much.  Still, the book is worth reading, whether for the religious  viewpoint or the continuing story of the Vampires.
B000001Y5X|5.0|With devastating songs like Get Your Gunn, Lunchbox, Misery Machine, Dogma, Sweet Tooth and more, this cd is a must-have. Many songs of this record have been remixed in Smells Like Children but most of them are  better in this one (except Organ Grinder). The content of this cd is pretty  explicit and I thought sometimes it was even stupid...which I think was the  goal of the lyrics to make funny things almost scary and dangerous. The  lyrics are not always so easy to understand, and sometimes there's a  description of a thing, and we have to figure out what the thing is  (example:in Misery Machine, Manson compares himself to a car by saying My  arms are wheels, my legs are wheels, my blood is pavement). it was the  first period of his career, and later he became an Antichrist Superstar  with a new music style and a sensible and desperate human being in  Mechanical Animals. This is in his top 3 albums! You gotta get it now! It  rocks
B000002HPV|5.0|I adore extreme music and Homogenic is one of the most extreme albums i heard in all my life! It's not to say that it's extreme on a avant-garde level. This kind of extremes is mostly junk. I mean, extreme on a  emotional, style level. <br />Can you name something that sound quiet like  that? All the reviews i saw compared this album with drum'n'bass, trip-hop,  minimal techno, but Homogenic don't get near of any of these styles! It's  music out of nowhere! It's definitly Bjrk most impressive record on a  artistic level. Unique distorted beats with strange iceland strings  arrangements with experimental techno sounds and minimal sequences.  <br />Then, Bjrk voice get to a point where you wonder if she's from earth!  It's just amazing how emotional her &quot;small, but giant&quot; voice  become! Everything seem under perfect control at the same time and she even  assimilate her weirdest moments into tights songs.<br />The album can be hard  to get into. You need to take your time with Homogenic, but IMO it's her  best album on all levels! An amazing masterpiece!
B00000K31V|5.0|C'mon people...how can you not love this movie? A friend of mine recomended it to me after he bought it, so I borowed it from him..and was blown away! I had to have it, so bought it the next day. The plot was fun  to follow, good acting (not quite excellent..but good!), and the idea is  alot of fun! Original too. I'd compare this flick to Dark City alot easier  than the Matrix. Though these guys aren't kidding..the DVD is pretty  bare...too bad. Excellent movie-ignore most of these jackasses and at least  rent it ;p You'll prolly like it.<br />Btw, I ain't even a big Cronenberg  fan..so you don't have to be one!
B00000JBCP|5.0|&quot;Supernatural&quot;'s Corazon Espinado was the first time I heard of Mana.  I loved that song, especially the vocals of Fher Olvera.  I purchased &quot;Unplugged&quot; based on that song.  I can't stop listening  to it.  It lifts my spirits, even though some of the themes are quite  serious.  By the way, you don't have to understand Spanish to enjoy this  CD.
0783240236|4.0|What? No audio commentary on the new &quot;The Birds&quot; DVD? It looks like it has a lot to offer but I am amazed that there is no Tippi Hedren or Suzanne Pleshette or anyone else associated with this movie not asked to do  this. What a shame! The movie has so many fascinating elements and it would  have been very interesting to hear these people comment throughout the  movie. What was Universal thinking?
0783226837|5.0|I am a horror fan.  BIG time.  This is not a horror movie.  NO way.  But it is a great movie.  If you don't like &quot;Tremors&quot; then you either take yourself too seriously, or you are a terrible worm-o-phobic.  The  friendship between Val and Earl is very believable.  Reba is adorable.  The  rest of the cast was great, too.<br />How much do I like this movie?  Well,  I bought it once and my one year-old got a hold of it and ruined it. So, I  paid another thirty bucks or so and bought ANOTHER copy.  Not something I  am prone to do, let me say.<br />If you like to laugh and be a little  &quot;creeped out&quot; every now and again, you'll like Tremors.
B0000047CX|5.0|When &quot;The Girl From Ipanema&quot; first hit the airwaves I was just 17 yrs old. I was blown away. I immediately bought the Getz/Gilberto album, and thus began my collection of Brazilian music.  When I saw this  remastered version I bought two (one for a sibling). Thank you to Verve for  reviving it. I've bought many albums in my lifetime but this is the one I  listen to more so than any other. The track &quot;Para Machucar Meu  Coracao&quot; is so beautiful - a masterpiece by the composer Ari Barroso  who also composed &quot;Brazil&quot;. Jobim performs the best version of  &quot;Brazil&quot; in his album &quot;Stone Flower&quot; - it's worth  hunting it down. It is music that touches your soul and inspires the  spirit.
B00004RFFL|2.0|This film borders on insulting its viewers; TOO PREDICTABLE ! From gorgeous Charlize Theron's character as a frantic Mia Farrow rip-off out of Rosemary's Baby to the unhinged agent &quot;who knows too much&quot; and is  either exiled or killed, this film did indeed waste the talent of these  incredible actors.Charlize Theron is one of the few truly gifted actresses  of today who is amazing at being able to turn on the waterworks (for those  who have seen the movie, no pun is intended for the later confrontation  between wife and astronaut)at the drop of a pin ! Depp plays an equally  arrogant and hostile malevolent character to a great degree ( almost like  his somewhat similar character in this year's The Ninth Gate); Depp's  character has no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  It takes no degree in any  kind of science to figure out that what she is carrying as twins could be a  &quot;menacing&quot; force and that her astronaut husband is &quot;not  quite himself&quot; since returning from the space mission. Once the two  hour hysterics and ludricous conclusion is over, the viewer feels cheated !
1559408898|5.0|Blood, Blood, more Blood! This is a pivotal Sci/Fi cornerstone of the late eighties. The special features are great on this DVD. The picture is so clear it looks like a brand new movie. Sound is very clear for AC-3. This  is the best edition to buy if you want to add this to your collection. The  additional scenes are scarce but, they do give you Verhoevens vision.  Verhoeven has a unique way of satiring the silly things we do as a society.  Check out Starship Troopers to get a glimpse of what I mean. A fine  aquisition to your DVD collection.
0141301074|4.0|the first time i read this book was when i was 8, it was hilerious. i love the quote about saying even if you are ugly outside...you'll be pretty..blah, but it's funny..i can't really remember the ending though. but this storry was real good
B000001GK9|5.0|This the legend of Mahler's Symphonies,the nicest performerce Karajan had ever made.Karajan show us the deepest spirit of Mahler.   If you love Karajan and love the music of Mahler's,this is the first choice.
0808574914|5.0|i've never read this book (half way), but my teacher read it to me when i was 7, and i watched the film twice, i still remember how it goes, i have to say, the book is way better than the film. but my favourite part was when the grandmama was talking about the witches and her child hood  experiences, i wish i know what exactly happend to her thumb!<br />actually,  the name of the boy was called luke.
B0000041DF|5.0|Agreich showed us her super skill on the keyboard.The speed is so fast that you could hardly believe.It's the most exicting recording of Rach3.And the Tchakovsky1 is so beautiful.
0394810112|4.0|i've read this book numerous times, or has been read to...the first time i read this book was when i was 8...i liked it...my favourite bit is the bit about violet, i don't really remember, but it was good. i think the age range should be 7-10 but this is a good book.
B00000AOUD|5.0|I own every Tull album and Ian Anderson solo album, so you could say I'm fairly obsessed with all things Tull.  &quot;Thick&quot; is easily one of Tull's best 5 albums (the others being Stand Up, Aqualung, Songs from the  Wood and a tie between Heavy Horses and Stormwatch.)  What can you say  about this album that hasn't already been said?  It's a brilliant opus  sprung from the mind of one of rock's most creative performers when he was  at the top of his game.  As such, it is simply breath-taking.  If Thick was  the ONLY album Tull ever recorded, I'd still classify them as one of rock's  most interesting and creative groups.  Thankfully, though, it is not.<br />The  sound on this remastered disk is terrific, and the two bonus tracks (live  performance from 1978 and a fun interview with Ian, Martin, and Jeffrey  Hammond) are both great.  This album is essential to your collection.
B00002E233|5.0|NEVER, EVER have i jumped so much in a film. From start to finnish this kepps you on the edge of your seat. Everyone who you would put money on surviving dies! I was particularly suprised to see Samuel Jackson bite the  dust so early in the film as he was the only famous actor. If you were  disappointed with films like Scream because you weren't scared, I guarantee  this will give you night mares for a good few days. AMAZING!
B000001F7Y|5.0|I just cannot believe some of the comments I'm reading here......IF I WAS ON A DESERT ISLAND AND  HAD ONLY ONE ALBUM TO CHOOSE FROM....IT WOULD BE THIS ONE.....those of you who say you are TRUE RUSH fans, you should be  ashamded!  It all started with this one and goes to &quot;Test For  Echo&quot; Maybe thats the problem...most of the comments I'm reading are  from folks who have MAYBE seen rush live only once or not at all.....I  first saw them in 1977 &quot;All the worlds a stage&quot; and have seen  them 18 times since......Please if you don't like the real roots  of rush  that is FINE....but don't blow it for the REAl fans.....maybe some of these  comments are a new millenium thang?  The old RUSH is really only the BEST  Rush music.....from all the years and all the albums it is still tough to  pick one from the rest.....But would probably say MOVING PICTURES!  I saw  that live with MAX WEBSTER opening up.....AWESOME!  I know some of you are  saying....WHO IS MAX WEBSTER? it's a millenium thang huh....MOST OF THE  REAL GOOD HARD ROCK WE LISTENED TO IN THE LATE 70'S TO MID 80'S HAS  DISAPPEARED....my suggestion listen to this like the cd or back of album  states.....&quot; FOR BEST RESULTS....PLAY AT MAXIMUM VOLUME&quot; study  the early rush sound and you will soon discover what you've been missing in  your boring life.....
B00003Q438|4.0|It is certainly one of the best DVD special edition ever released. But it is not enhanced 16:9 widescreen TV, even tough the cover says it is. For the Laser Disc lover like me, the most reason that replacing same title  from LD to DVD is anamophonic transfer! Also, most of the extra stuff was  copied from that landmark LD version. I couldn't find new extra stuff as I  expected. However, the sperior picture and sound should be pleasing any  movie gore.
B000002KXO|4.0|&quot;Gypsy&quot; is one of the greatest songs I've ever heard.This song was a left over from Stevie's &quot;Bella Donna&quot; mega hit. Lindsey made the song a classic as he always does with  Stevie Nicks  recordings,like Sara and Dreams.All I can say is these five Artist belong  together.Every time they go on there own its not the same.I can still  picture &quot;Gypsy&quot; on MTV when the station first started.I never  seen a more beutifull video then this one.&quot;Hold Me&quot;is another  great song from the album,but &quot;Gypsy&quot; is a Masterpiece.
B000021Y77|2.0|All I can say is don't waste your money!
B000002KKC|4.0|&quot;Tusk&quot; is much better on the Album then this CD. Stevie Nick's &quot;Sara&quot; is cut,and what a loss. This song is a classic,and should be untouched. &quot;Angle&quot;is another one of my favorite's.  Lindey  Buckingham  takes most of the space on this album.  His songs are so  different,but great in there own right. I always wanted to know what the  hell &quot;Tusk&quot; means.I've read in Mick Fleetwoods book that Tusk is  the word use in England for a male erection.Even though I haven't played  this record for sometime,its a must buy for anyone who is a Fleetwood Mac  fan.
B0000013GT|5.0|The Cool thing about this Disc is that it's not Part two of their first Disc which is still to me their Baddest overall even though this one is tight.I really dug the Production and the change in direction works very  Effectively here.I wasn't as crazy about their Last disc all the way thru  but Atliens hits the spot.Jazzy Belle&amp;Elevators are my cuts.Boi&amp;Dre  will last in the Biz for a Long,Long time.they are very challenging when it  comes to Content.
B000000OQF|5.0|I love this Record.It was a great time,and Guns and Rosses was such a new adventure.What the hell happened? This should have been the begining of one of the greatest rock bands since the Beatles.&quot;Welcome to the  Jungle&quot;really helped alot of troubled kids to realize what they were  leaving behind.Even though there are some songs on this album that I don't  care for,its still one of the best rock and roll records to come along in  ages. &quot;Sweet Child of Mine&quot; really shows what a great singer Axl  Rose is. I got this CD for a Christmas present,along with Kenny G,and Judy  Garland's&quot;A star is Born.&quot;I must be Sick.
0446525537|1.0|I think this book could have been written by any high school girl.  Boring and predictable.  Someone should tell him that a happy ending once in a while isn't a bad thing.
B00000JG41|4.0|The vocals of Mike Patton and the innovation in the various Tom and Jerry running through an opera house while stoned on acid-musical soundtrack compatiblities keeps this album from sounding like a bunch of  noise.....Don't listen to most of the tracks if you are in a hurry or  looking for something important, they will only exacerbate the stress  you're under, or make you realize how funny the situation is and make ya  break out in hysterical laughter. The songs have an innovative structure  that might be missed and dismissed by those who don't understand the  slightly &quot;Choas Theory of Composition&quot; that Mr. Bungle has.  &quot;Vanity Fair&quot; stands apart from the rest of the album with the  classic doo-wop melodies while &quot;Retrovertigo&quot; allows you to fly  without leaving your seat. Those of you looking for the signature Patton  vocal stylings(which is  why i like anything HE's ever done) will find it  strong and unexpectedly on songs like &quot;Sweet Charity&quot; and  &quot;Vanity Fair&quot;, which are surrounded by  experimental-60's  inspired-cyber-space-aliens-takeover-country tracks. Experimental  noise........but that's MR. Bungle for ya......
B00000J6AG|3.0|...spoil an album that was teetering on the brink anyway. I am not familiar with Moby's music before this album, and have heard the spiel about how he changes style and direction with every album and is a musical genius who calls himself the &quot;little idiot&quot;, blah, blah, blah,  wurble,   wurble. However, after hearing &quot;Why does my heart feel so  bad?&quot;, I was prepared to give him a go. Well, I can tell you, none of  the music press rhapsodising rang true to me. When first I listened to this  album, I thought all the songs sounded very alike, but decided that each  would become more distinct the more I heard it. I was wrong. I know all  music is formulaic, but this is ridiculous. As singles all these songs  would be good, but as an album, they fail to really make an impression. An  album, to me, is a whole piece constructed of different, yet interlocking  pieces. This however, was rather &quot;variations on a popular theme&quot;,  and as we know, what is once popular, very soon becomes old and boring.  Yes, these bright, brittle and sometimes sad songs are, individually, well  worth the listen: they are not hastilly constructed dance trash, and they  have the power to move, but they do not make consistant and good listening.  The very thing that makes this album good as a soundtrack to advertising  now, is what makes it a bad album (and looses it 2 stars), it is very now,  will never become a classic, and each song sounds so the same, they become  perfect background &quot;muzak&quot; rather than an eventful anthemic  masterpiece. This was a very popular album in 1999 because it was the best  of that year, rather than being the best of the best, maybe this is why  Moby wants to retain his &quot;little idiot&quot; moniker, to distract us  from examing futher, and discovering the truth behind the media hype. A  highly flawed album, with many flecks of brillience and the odd glimmer of  a masterpiece.
0440234743|2.0|John Grisham is a great writer but this one had a rather dull plot.  There were too many Phelan heirs to deal with and they (and their many lawyers) ran together after a while.  I would rather have fewer characters and  deeper story line for each. All in all, a less than intriquing book that  was not up to par for the writer.
B00000J7J4|1.0|this album is so bad! i can't believe this guy gets all this credit! he only plays the gutair! come on people! buy anything but this album!
0060977493|5.0|I have read this book twice, savouring every word and nuance. This book is seductive, exilerating and tragic.  Coming from an Indian/Parsi family I am familiar with how twisted family life can be, especially for a women. I  praise Ms Roy for her creative genius and her boldness, in narrating this  enormous saga of family life and all the secrets that take place in a  'hush-hush' manner.    Well done, Girl! This is slow reading.  Every word   has to  be savoured and digested.  I look forward to her other works.
B000001IQH|5.0|Excellent album. It couldn't be better than this.
0441003257|4.0|I swear I've never laughed so hard while reading something. I sprayed juice on my wall just thinking of this one part. This book was better than any of the Discworld books, and I like those a lot. Plus it has some stuff  that those don't have because Pratchett is oh so scared of graphic violence  (i'm only refering to one single scene--which was DAMN funny). I'm still  trying to figure out what was the funniest part cuz there's so much.<br />The  kids got tiresome though but just skip that stuff.
B00000JZC4|3.0|Something is seriously wrong with this CD.  All the songs are so well crafted and the lyrics are sharp.  So why is it that I don't want to listen to it?  I think it's cuz it's so unoriginal, it sounds like every other  rock record that's coming out.  That's what I think.  There could be  another reason though.  It could be that they're playing them on the radio  constantly too.
B000002GF8|5.0|As the Beatles Sgt Pepper album was the 60's most important recording, the 80's choice has to be  Synchronicity by The Police.Both records are timeless. Synchronicty still sounds fresh today and the lyrics have a  universal appeal: from mankinds impending doom to lost love, stalking,  Mother/son work &amp; family problems, Lochness monster,Jung. The title  tracks I &amp; II have the power to shake the room 17 years on and  Synchronicty I, with its deafening crashing percussion: Copelands best ever  performance(along with Regatta de Blanc) and the most amazing opening track  to any album I can remember. This is very dark rock album, but, depending  on the listeners mood, I sometimes listen to the music/sound of this album  as the lyrics can be depressing at times. Check out a Beatles riff on 'Oh  my God', it could be from 'Daytripper'. I think the Police knew this would  be the final album, and thats why 17 years on it is a classic. They saved  their best to last, a mature thoughtful album, every home should have one  copy!
B00000IB4D|5.0|This album has some of the most obscure, jazz oriented Santana pieces recorded at that time. &quot;Welcome&quot; expands on the Caravanserai directions with a host of new musicians. This album is rich with color,  texture and emotion. Michael Shrieve's drumming is spectacular. Although  this album may not be for the mainstream Santana fan - it is a masterpiece!
B000002GF8|5.0|As the Beatles Sgt Pepper album was the 60's most important recording, the 80's choice has to be  Synchronicity by The Police.Both records are timeless. Synchronicty still sounds fresh today and the lyrics have a  universal appeal: from mankinds impending doom to lost love, stalking,  Mother/son work &amp; family problems, Lochness monster,Jung. Sting's best  ever lyrics are on this album, and the trio produce the goods instrument  wise too. The title tracks I &amp; II have the power to shake the room 17  years on and Synchronicty I, with its deafening crashing percussion:  Copelands best ever performance(along with Regatta de Blanc) and the best  opening track to any album I can remember. This is a very dark rock album,  but, depending on the listeners mood, I sometimes listen to the music/sound  of this album as the lyrics can be depressing at times. Check out a Beatles  riff on 'Oh my God', it could be from 'Daytripper'. I think the Police knew  this would be the final album, and thats why 17 years on it is a classic.  They saved their best to last, a mature, atmospheric and thoughtful album,  every home should have one copy!
0783114222|5.0|Great documentary- brings you into the middle of the action. You get to learn a lot of what takes place in getting humans into space and what dedication and determination really means. Wonder if NASA will ever let Tom  Hanks go up in space....
0312853238|5.0|What can you say about Ender's Game that hasn't already been said? Well, besides anything negative, there's nothing original to say, because tons of people have read this book and loved it.   <br />    It is easily on of my two favorites (The other being Jurrassic Park), but it is the only one I go  back to read again and again, just because it is so original, and Card  makes you love the world he creates. You want to feel it, you DO feel it,  you breathe the battle school experience and wish you were there,  interacting in this world. I never wanted the book to end, just to stretch  on in an eternity of battle school life. The characters, the story, the...  experience.       <br />             In a way, I'm sorry that there is a movie  about it coming up, because it will never fulfill the the Enders Game  world. I love that book, and I try to impart my love of that book to  everyone I know. Read this book.
0553260111|5.0|this was the first ludlum book i read - and i am definetly hooked.  it's great. you just can't put it down.  if you like this, also read other bourne books.
6300271285|5.0|Little Shop of Horrors was a brilliant movie with a humorus plot and moving songs with amazing lyrics.  It is a must see by anyone with the love of great musicals.  The songs on the movie include Mean Green Mother from  Outer Space, Downtown, Suddenly Seamore, Little Shop of Horrors(my personal  favorite), and Somewhere thats Green, just to name a few.  I cannot  describe to you the overall feel of watching this movie, truley a work of  genius, and a must have for anyone.
0792151712|4.0|Grand movie, but remember the rich people this movie &quot;shows&quot; still run things, and would dump anyone of us &quot;overboard&quot; for a cent.<br />A movie can give you the illusion of the &quot;Jack&quot; winning a  heart, but your still a slave to the people who still own the  jewel.<br />Don't be fooled by fantasy.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Very disappointed in this album, Way over hyped. Only a couple of cuts are real Santana. Don't recommend it at all.  Will think twice about buying &quot;new&quot; albums from Santana in the future, will have to hear the  &quot;whole&quot; albulm first. Don't understand the 7 Grammies at all.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|This DVD is crammed full of extras. I don't have a single DVDwith more extras then this one. Deleted scenes, multiple commentaries,several featurettes and tons of photos. I think the designers of the menu interface went a little nuts though. It's almost like they couldn't decide how to present all the material so made several different versions and threw them all together. Lots of the menus are redundant and make navigating the menus a little frustrating. You think you're going somewhere different and end up in the same place. I like straightforward menus. These menus are works of art in their own right. The best part of the extras in finding out how they did the physical effects (eggs cooking, catalog cards flying etc). Effects that now a days, would probably be done digitally. They still look as fresh today as they did then. I hope the industry doesn't lose the skill to do these kinds of effects in the digital age.
B000002G26|4.0|I first got this CD on X-mas '94 and I bought it again last year because my ex-best friend never gave me back my original copy. I like listening to it, but the songs that I was never familiar with(like &quot;Kids Wanna  Rock&quot;)I don't really care for. The other songs, like &quot;Summer of  '69&quot; and &quot;Run to You&quot; remind me of the good ol' days when I  never had homework and worries(hey, I was in kindergarten). He should  release more songs like these classics because he's more Adult  Contemporary(and a little boring). When was the last time he released  anything good?
0131103628|5.0|I found this book excellent for learning and as a reference to C.  It is clear, concise, and gets right to the point.  One of the most important books in computer programming.  Perhaps the only problem with this book is  that modern students need to learn C++ (and/or Java), and C is only a  subset. Indeed some of C's old-fashioned constructs are inferior to modern  replacements found in C++.  For this reason, one may consider this book  dated.  I just wish someone could write so well about C++.
B000000OTU|4.0|I bought this CD last year and I have listened to it a few times. I have to admit that I have skipped past the songs that I am not familiar with yet, hence the four stars. The songs on here that were released in the 80s  are the best ones, thought I like the ones from the &quot;Get a Grip&quot;  CD. Only for casual fans, like me, who aren't interested in getting every  single album they have released. Rabid fans have no use for this because  they already have all the songs.
6305537798|5.0|&quot;Whoops?  My insurance doesn't cover PMS!&quot; If you like witty dialogue such as this, then you will enjoy 10 Things I Hate About You.  This movie is full of sarcasm and clever comebacks delivered by hot new  talent such as lead characters Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles.  These  promising young actors and actresses are enticing as Seattle high  schoolers, but the supporting cast offers a colorful variety of laughs as  well.  Larry Miller plays Kat (Stiles) and Bianca's (charming Larisa  Oleynik) father, an obstetrician who is darned if his daughters will end up  like the teenage mothers he encounters every day.  Consequently, he won't  let them date and thus the basis of the storyline. You will be happy to  follow these characters around hip Seattle as they plot, party, paintball,  and-standard movie requirement- go to prom. This review is done!  Go and  rent the movie already!
B00000273M|4.0|At the time I bought this on tape I hadn't heard &quot;Walk Like...&quot; in AGES. I had forgotten about it until someone in the school's talent show danced to this song. I bought it and enjoyed the song(plus the other ones what I had forgotten about as well, like &quot;Manic Monday&quot;). <br />The  reason it is not given 5 stars is because I usually stopped the tape after  &quot;Be With You&quot;, so I have no opinion of the songs after that.  Anyways, it's a great CD that was worth the $ that I paid for it.
0140177396|5.0|I love this book. The story is wonderfully written and easy to follow. I liked the characters and the description. The storyline is very realistic and interesting. I read this book in a day because I couldn't put it down.  I also loved the movie.You must read this book at some point in your life
B000002LHX|3.0|I remember when &quot;Batdance&quot; was a hit in '89. I totally, 100% HATED that song when it came out. But ten(nearly 11) years later, I actually missed the song and I got the CD. I give it four stars because I  don't really remember all the songs(I have listened to the whole CD). But I  like how funky(and 80s)it sounds. One day I will listen to the while CD and  give a better opinion.
0440219078|5.0|What if you lived in an society that had no pain, no hunger, no color, everything's the same, no unemployment, and no crimes.  Well twelve year old Jonas lived in such an community.  Jonas and all his other twelve year  old friends are scared, worried and carious about the Ceremony of twelve.   People receive their assignments for the community at this annual ceremony.   There were different jobs, such as the caretaker, and the assistant  director of recreation.  Jonas received the most important job out of all  of them. Jonas was chosen to be the community's Receiver of Memories.  He  was chosen for this job for a special reason that Jonas has experienced,  but still doesn't know what it is.  The Giver, an elderly man who was also  chosen to be the receiver of memories, now has the responsibility to teach  Jonas.  Jonas gradually learns just how costly this pain-free society can  be.<br />This is really the best book ever, Lois Lowry used great descriptive  words to bring the book to life.  Once you pick this book up you will not  want to put it down.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Some people say this cd is pop, others say that they are trying to be cool. I say they are cool and there is no &quot;pop&quot; in it the cd. It is a punkish teeny-bopperish cd. If you like Smash Mouth, Limp Bizkit, and  Korn, I think you'll like this cd.
B00002Z88D|4.0|These guys can rock. Their guitars are awesome and they have awesome songwriting and beats, The parental advisory turned me off at first, but they're really not that bad. This may be one of the best rock cd's i've  ever heard. I reccomend it if you like creed or any hard rock or rock, not  if you like that new n'sync stuff. BUY IT!
0553212737|3.0|By E.G. (AP)<br />\\"Seldom, very seldom does complete truth belong to any human disclosure; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised, or a little mistaken...\\" This was a hard lesson for twenty-one  year old Emma Woodhouse to come by.  Emma takes on the role of a  matchmaker, believing it is in her power to arrange marriages.   Predictably, Emma eventually fails at her task. Failure causes Emma to lose  innocence and become less ignorant to what in fact she can control.<br />Emma  is of a rich family; she's good looking, and she's clever. Emma is held in  awe by most, especially her father who believes she is flawless.  With such  qualities and ideals at her disposal, Emma has very little to distress or  vex her.  The same circumstances convince her that she will never marry and  promote naivete making reality a hard concept for Emma to grasp.<br />Emma  lacks knowledge of societal expectations especially where marriage is  concerned.  Taking place during the Victorian time period, one was expected  to marry inside his class.  Emma doesn't grasp this ideal which leads to  failure and disappointment in her pursuit of making matches. <br />Emma tries  to acquaint Mr. Knightley with Harriet and to a certain extent, Jane.  Emma  discovers that she's once again led herself and Harriet astray.  This  instance in the book along with the knowledge that Mr. Knightley is one of  few that can see faults in Emma, foreshadows an eventual change in plot.   This is also the point in the story that a change in Emma's character  becomes evident. <br />When reading Emma, allow yourself plenty of time.   There are many intricate details Involving who's interested in who that are  interwoven into the plot and would be easy to pass by if not reading  leisurely.  It may be helpful to read a passage twice if you find yourself  questioning what just took place.  In order to fully enjoy the story; don't  hurry through the book.<br />A few of the characters have similar names.   Sometimes the only thing separating one person from another is a subtle  Miss or Ms.  This can be frustrating if you don't fully grasp whom the book  is speaking of.  Again, read slowly and reread a passage if there's  confusion about who the talked of subject is.<br />Some characters are void of  the story for an extensive amount of the book.  This is also frustrating,  as it may be hard to recall what role the character plays.  It's beneficial  to jot down character names and a few descriptors about them so when they  reappear, their role can be recalled.  Or, you may want to take time to  flip back in the book and reread the scene in which they first  appeared.<br />Jane Austen did an exceptional job of writing satirically in  order to portray silly ideals that Emma and society held.  The standards  for which marriages were arranged by become superficial and absurd through  Austen's diction.  Because it is apparent to the reader that Emma is  chasing a dead end with her beliefs of who has taken interest in who, it's  humorous when Emma comes to this realization herself.  Austen chose  exaggerated adjectives of perfection to describe Emma this creates a  snicker because obviously Emma is not perfect but rather nave.<br />Emma  recalls memories of high school dance date set-ups that went wrong.  It's  comical to think back on either playing the role of matchmaker or having  been the victim of a matchmaker when the quest for a date to the homecoming  dance or prom is thrown into full effect.  Most times the involvement of a  third party misconstrues things much like Emma did.  Feelings can be hurt  similar to those of the characters in Emma making the matchmaker feel  foolish but hopefully providing a lesson to all involved.
0783228457|4.0|James Woods always gives strong performances in almost all his movies, in a Comedy (The Hard Way), in a Horror Film (John Carpenter`s Vampires), in a Drama (Another Day In Paradise) or in a Suspense (The General Daughter) always great as usual in these different kind of performances.<br />He Plays-Max Renn is a Controversial Cable Programmer, he co-own an small T.V. station, he show soft-core films to hard-core violence. Then one day, a friend of his, catch on a satellite scramble a pirate T.V. show, Called-VideoDrome is torture, rape and people are murdered for real ? Once he watch it, is no turning back, he starting to have-hallucination. Then he find out, what VideoDrome really means-Invader is a television show that seduces and controls its viewers. is it meant for for whole wide world to know, what it is?<br />Unusaul Premise From Controversial Director-David Croneneberg (Crash, The Dead Zone, The Fly-1986) is a bit familiar from previous film-eXistenZ.<br />Deborah Harry of Blondie-in a small role, she plays-Nicki Brand. One of a kind, From Make-Up Artist-Rick Baker (An American Werewolf In London) are Visual Outsanding. So is that same year in 1982, an young Make-Up Artist-Rob Bottin did a Outstanding job on-John Carpenter`s The Thing. VideoDrome is not for all taste but for David Cronenberg`s Fans will have a blast, watching this new shocking vision from Science-Fiction and Horror Films. Grade:A-.
B000002L9S|4.0|The most important thing about this album: &quot;True Blue&quot; is such a fabulous song, you must buy this album to hear it - and believe me, it's worth it. While it isn't my favorite Madonna album (Immaculate Collection  really does it for me) what &quot;true blue&quot; Madonna fan doesn't love  &quot;Open Your Heart&quot;, and get emotional over &quot;Papa Don't  Preach&quot;? Also, some advice: DON'T buy &quot;And you Will Know Us By  the Trail of Dead&quot; if you're looking for more of this Madonna's music  it's not hers - many people have made that mistake so far.
B00001U0DP|5.0|As a Jewish teen, I was a bit reluctant to see Vita E Bella, but when I sat down, I found myself laughing. I was completely drawn to Benigni's playful antics. I thought of him as the kind of romantic I would like to  be. I was particularly amused by how he made fun of the facists, just to  amuse some school children. As this movie progressed, I found myself  feeling the emotions of the characters.  When he arrives in the camps with  his son, where innocent people are being worked to death and starved to  death, he keeps his son happy, and almost unaware of the suffering.  At the  end, I wept openly and bitterly. I could not contain the emotion at the  end, they were mixes, the most extreme sadness of seeing the Holocaust and  what it did to even this one family, and I found myself uplifed spiritually  at the love that this man had for his wife and son. The most moving line in  the entire film, that still brings tears to my eyes, is the first line  spoken by the narrator, who is the young boy <br />&quot;This is my story, it  is a simple story, but it is not an easy one to tell...&quot; <br />Bravo and  Mazel Tov, Benigni! He blew Titanic right out of the Water. Three Oscars is  not nearly enough.  By the way, hearing it in Italian is one of the best  parts, to hear it in English would take so much from this movie...
B00000JGEF|5.0|Awesome stuff.  The Predator is one of the coolest aliens ever invented.  I think the person responsible for its design deserves something.  While the plot is typical of any Arnold movie, it's something different.  It has  something bigger than Arnold in it!  Why 20th Century Fox won't make an  &quot;Aliens vs. Predator&quot; movie based on the Dark Horse comic is  beyond me.  Buy this movie.  It is superb and is a classic.
6300268993|5.0|This Superman sequel may not be quite as good as the original, but it is still nothing short of spellbinding!  The script is well written, the special effects never cease to amaze, the characters are as fresh as ever,  and Ken Thorne's soundtrack is on the same plateau as John William's score  from the original!  If it's this good at 127 minutes, should I ever see it  with the Richard Donner footage, it looks like it will be incredible!  But  for now, let's all enjoy this classic version that is part of a movie  series that may deteriorate in sound and picture, but never in value!
B000002H6C|5.0|This CD is good it has good songs like One, or Blackened are the best other songs are good to and is definately worth your money.
0380973464|5.0|Excellent, like all his books. I really wish it had a better ending -- there were a lot of little strings that didn't quite get tied up, but at least he got the major strings, which is definitely an accomplishment.  <br />The most interesting thing about this book is that the central concept  is coming true...or perhaps it's just *going* to come true. Whatever  happens, it'll change the world. <br />Worth reading.
B00000163G|5.0|This album is a MUST buy for anyone that wantz to know that REAL rap soundz like. With the tight flow of 2Pac life comming right at cha, you are bound to keep your head bobbin to the beat. The new release, Still I Rise,  by 2Pac and Outlawz is also a must get. For all you haters that are looking  to talk $hit about 2Pac, grow up! If you don't like it, then don't go out  of your way to talk about it. - Dave
0920668372|5.0|This is the sweetest book I have ever read for chilren.
B00000K0E5|5.0|I will make this very simple!  It's Great
B0000024JA|4.0|Love it. Buy it. You won't be sorry. WU TANG!
B000031XCR|5.0|She's done it again! A wonderful track, full of timeless ballads. She sings with such vibrancy, such emotion, that it could bring you to tears. Songs like 'It's All Coming Back To Me', 'Because You Love Me', and a new  one 'All the Way' are great! A must buy!
630157401X|5.0|This is a great movie for those who need a little comic relief in their action adventure movies.  Sean Connery puts a little pizazz into the script.  Together with Harrison Ford they make a promising team.  I would  reccomend this video to everyone with the exception of children under the  age of 9 (some scenes are on the strange/gory side)  This is a wonderful  film for Indy fans and just about everyone else who enjoys a good adventure  film.
B000009QPG|5.0|If you thought you didn't like Slayer after hearing &quot;Riegn in Blood&quot; or &quot;Divine Intervention&quot; then you must get this album.  It's awesome.  WIth a good mix of balls to the wall speed metal  like &quot;Hallowed Point&quot;, and slower more moody pices like  &quot;Dead Skin Mask&quot;.  The drums on this masterpice are incredible,  too bad Lombardo left after this one.  The title track has one of the best  intro's in Metal history, when Lombardo comes in it's unbelievable work.   Araya actually sings a little too.  This doesn't sound like one long song  like some other Slayer discs.  THey have good varitey and killer riff work.
6300214435|4.0|This movie was pretty good, overall.  Some parts were sort of corny and that darn lady in it was soooooo annoying.  The plot in it was also a little bit on the stupid side, but hey, thats just the way things are.  I  would not reccomend this movie to the weak at heart (ha-ha)  There are some  pretty nasty scenes which include a man getting his heart taken out while  he is still alive and another man getting rolled over by a rock crusher.   Anyway, if you are a fan of Indy, this is your movie, it not, well then  move on.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This cd is very good.It is very heavy and the guitar solos are amazing combined with the score of the San Fransisco symphony. They are a very leathal combination.
B00000BKDW|5.0|This album is simply the best album of all time in the history of music.
B000009ED0|5.0|This CD's the best. You've got to buy it. All my friend's and brother's love it. If you don't buy it you're weird.
0440224764|5.0|Just when I thought I'd read all of Grisham's works, I discovered I had overlooked The Partner.  So, more to be able to say &quot;I read all of Grisham's stuff&quot; than anything else, I started reading it.  And  couldn't stop.  I started and finished the book in a day and a half.  Very  engaging, very exciting.  Probably my favorite of Grisham's.
B0000041LO|4.0|If a Haydn or Mozart Symphony seems tame beside one by Beethoven, relax and listen to these great trios, which can give as musc pleasure as any chamber music can, and you don't have to be an aficionado of this composer  or of chamber music. I have been looking for this music for years to  complete the ones I have, and to have it all in one small box is pure  bliss. Go for it: this is the best of classical music, until someone  records it all on original instruments.
0440234743|3.0|Before writing this review I took a minute and read some of the others printed here, and found a wide array of opinions.  My opinion falls on the &quot;disappointed&quot; side.  You know how you start to watch a TV  program and by the time you realize it isn't all that great, you're too  involved in it to change the channel?  That's how I felt with this book.   At some point I realized that I wasn't really enjoying it, yet I was just  interested enough to finish it.  I really enjoyed Grisham's other brief  foray into Brazil, in The Partner, and the parts of The Testament which  take place in Brazil are also pretty interesting.  But the rest of this  book is a little belaboured by all the characters the reader has to keep up  with, and the underlying story is not at all upbeat.  In the end, there is  no real vindication, no triumph of good over evil, no huge upset for which  Grisham's other novels have come to be known.
6301969251|5.0|it's a shame Max doesn't get very many Main casting roles.. He is a sure thing when it comes to acting.. ever since The Seventh Seal, by Igmar.<br />I hear alot of people bad mouth him once in a while. but someone said it  beautifuly to me.  I didn't know Igmar was into casting bad actor's.  basicly, you put down Max's acting, your putting down cinema.<br />this gives  max one film he should be proud of, one of his best roles, and his role  will forever be in my mind.<br />I haven't seen much Jesus movies, but so far  this is a great film. and I hate when people complain its not the truth..  No one is ever gonna agree on the truth.
B000006045|4.0|I purchased this album after hours of listening to blue lines, and didn't know how anything could come close to it. I didn't find mezzanine quite as enjoyable as blue lines, however it highlighted another side of massive  attack-the dark side.(sounds like star wars) This album is definately worth  a listen. My fav tracks are inertia creeps, dissolved girl and group four
B00002Z88D|1.0|Is this the band that does &quot;Nights in White Satin&quot; ? I just love that tune.Oh wait a minute this is Metallica? The same band that did Kill 'Em All? You're kidding...
6303607942|5.0|This performance, taped in 1978, is the last time Vladimir Horowitz performed the Rachmaninoff Third Concerto in his lifetime.  By this time he had known the work for nearly sixty years.<br /><br />This performance was taped a  few days before Horowitz's 75th birthday, but I would defy anyone to guess  his age hearing only the audio portion.  Naturally, he can't mount all the  technical hurdles quite as superhumanly as could when he was 40.  But, I  have never witnessed a greater performance, either in concert or on  video.<br /><br />Horowitz's intimate knowledge of this wonderful concerto is evident  throughout every bar.  There is something magical about the phrasing, the  tone, Horowitz's mastery of \\"the big line\\", an art which  transcends merely putting the right finger in the right place at the right  time.  Horowitz was a notoriously self-critical artist, and he was  courageous enough to change his interpretation over the years: only his later performances of the Rachmaninoff Third are played without the difiguring cuts favored in earlier years.<br /><br />Zubin Mehta, a sympathetic accompanist, is to be credited with  supporting his soloist (who was known to never play the same piece twice in  quite the same way) and securing fine playing from the New York  Philharmonic.<br /><br />The videography is more than adequate and the mono sound is well balanced in this difficult to record concerto.<br /><br />I know of no greater Rachmaninoff Third on video.
B0000033P0|2.0|Are there anymore albums out there that tell the story of rodents/battle vehicles ? How does this dreck fit in with what is considered music? Three guys trying to outdo each other. I blame Iron Butterfly.Peace.
0345350499|5.0|&quot;Mists&quot; was a wonderfully written account of the women in King Arthur's life.  I enjoyed every minute of it and would read it for a third time!  Although some of the characters got on my nerves, (Gwenhwyfar and  Lancelet) I think that that's because the book was so well written that  Marion Zimmer Bradley WANTED you to get that from the characters.  It was  obvious to me that she inteded them to be so.  I would recommend this book  to anyone who LOVES fantasy and/or King Arthur.  It is unlike any other  Arthurian Fantasy book I have ever read.  Five stars doesn't do it justice.
0441172717|5.0|This is my favorite novel of all time.  I have read and re-read it since I was a teenager.  Frank Herbert was an absolute genius.  Science fiction is not usually my favorite genre of reading but this is the exception.  I have  the entire collection of Dune books including the rare Dune Encyclopedia. A  must read!
0670880728|3.0|The book is quite enjoyable and funny. Altough I am a believer of exagerrated characters/incidences in fiction, this booked was too much based on cartoon creatures. It is weird but I couldn't help recalling Jerry  Lewis in some of the scenes..Anyway, it is a good book after a hectic week.
0767836251|3.0|watch this movie for sarah michelle gellar, if you're not a sarah michelle gellar fan. Don't watch this movie!  Sarah Michelle Gellar doesn't get naked, but she has a lesbian scene and shows great cleavage! I admit, I was  a little disapointed that SMG didn't get naked.<br />There's this girl that  has been a virgin and she had a boyfriend for years. Then there's this guy  who likes to take girls' virginity away. In the movie, the girl was going  out with the guy who had waited for her, and she just gave herself to the  guy who liked to take the girl's virginity away, leaving the guy who  waited, wasted years of his life and got nothing. A similar plot to this  movie would be, Embrace of the Vampire. These 2 movies prove that if you  have a girlfriend, you better make sure she's not gonna play you like a  fool. That's what Cruel Intentions is about. The creator of this movie made  this movie to point that out. :That don't wait for someone: because it  could just be a waste of your time!
6305232660|4.0|I'm reading the reviews, and it pretty much goes: one star, five stars, one star, five stars.  I've seen this movie a few times, and I really liked it.  It did get boring a bit of the time, but how can you fall asleep  through it like many of you did?  I thought it was great, and had parts  that really made you sad, but that's what the movie was supposed to do.  It  wasn't supposed to be an Armageddon.  If you fell asleep through it, then  you must not like Drama movies.
0767802519|5.0|&quot;The Professional&quot; is one of the best films I've ever seen. I recommend that everyone see it, and if you can, see the longer version (only in region 2 format) called &quot;Leon&quot;.
052594527X|1.0|This book was a BIG disappointment.The author's depiction of seventeenth century Delft is interesting and it's decently written but her characters are one dimensional and oh so boring.The main character, Griet, is an oh so  clever sixteen year old. She knows the BEST way to: perform every household  chore; handle young children; manipulate lazy wives; grind paint for  Vermeer; find a pawn shop; bargain with butchers, and fend off  inappropriate sexual advances. She's a big snore. Vermeer is the artist  incarnate burning with inspiration and passion but lacking any discernable  personality - an ephemeral flame.<br />If you like the following excerpts,  this book is for you:&quot;I should have begged him not to ruin me.&quot;  (page 195) , &quot;Never so much trouble with a maid before. Lord love  us!&quot; (page 149), &quot;Just before I fainted I thought, I have always  wanted to wear pearls.&quot; (page 201).
6305750750|4.0|George Lucas is finally realizing his dream of telling the &quot;complete&quot; store.  The special effects in this movie are top notch.  The characters are well portrayed and the acting was great.  Though  a lot was computer generated, you could really feel like you were part of  the action.  And for those who say Jar Jar Binx was annoying...well, I beg  to disagree.  He brought a measure of humor to the movie that would allow  even the youngest of viewers to be drawn into this magnificent film.  I  loved the new characters -- especially Jar Jar -- and can't wait to see  what Lucas has in store for us next.
067101756X|5.0|Lt. Colonel Corso's history has been verified. He was in the pentagon's foreign technology division and he was a military liason to the Eisenhower white house administration.  A man of his stature and military experience  would simply not be prone to making up stories.  Anyone who has experience  with the honor and integrity someone who has risen to the rank of Lt.  Colonel has to take a second look at this book. <br />Why would such a man  write this book, especially at the end of his life and only two years  before he died?  For the money?  Did he go crazy at the end of his life?   While these are possible explanations, they don't seem plausible in the Lt.  Colonel's case.<br />Critics complain that there is no documentation.  Of  course there aren't!  Taking home top secret documents is definitely  frowned upon.<br />Can his story be proven then?  No.<br />But the real  compelling factor to the story is the man.  To me, it is simply not  plausible that such a man would make up stories.  Maybe he wanted to die  with a clear conscience?  I don't know, but the high degree of credibility  of the author certainly made me take a closer look at his book.
B00000064G|5.0|This isn't a review since I just added this to my shopping cart today, but I'm willing to give it five stars so as not to detract from it's overall rating. I would love to know who does the song in the Audi commercial:  &quot;maybe if I drive real slow, I might hold on to my little girl a  little longer.&quot; Hey, isn't Audi a division of VW?
B00003Q438|5.0|James Cameron is a talented director that gets brought down in studio post-production.  The Abyss: Special Edition finally shows the film - and its story - the way it was intended.  And it is terrific - a really  excellent film.  In 1988, the studio considered a film over 140 minutes a  &quot;big gamble,&quot; so Cameron was forced to make significant edits to  the film to meet this criterion.  Ironically, I think the film would have  performed much better at the box office in this longer format and with this  storyline.  While I always liked the original Abyss, the Special Edition is  something very special.<br />This isn't a new thing for Cameron.  In Aliens,  important scenes from the beginning of the film were cut involving Ripley  and her daughter (who had died of old age while Ripley floated through  space), thus setting the motivation for her bonding with Newt later in the  film.  In Terminator 2, a very important scene was cut that explained the  Terminator's change in behavior when a chip was removed from his processor.   <br />Hopefully, after Titantic, the studios have learned to trust Jim's  instincts, and let him release his films the way they were intended to be  viewed.  The Abyss: Special Edition is exactly that  -  a very special  film.
6305311463|2.0|Micheal Bay's Armageddon is one momentously special effectladden popcorn movie that attempts to bring in both the high mindedviewers and those just expecting to see expensive pyrotechnics and explosions. Though visually stunning and hyper kinetically edited for maximum impact, Armageddon is rambling piece of new age filmmaking that is excessievly long-winded, imprecise in its direction, cursed with an overabudance of sterotypical performances, burdened with inane and one-dimensional dialogue, and chocked full with hammy patriototic sentiment that makes this hi-tech pill too hard to swallow. I feel this kind of fimmaking is ahead of its time, but I have doubts about its potential. Thumbs up to Billy Bob Thorton for playing a new-age John Wayne. The Criterion Edition to Armageddon is a spectacular compilation of everythng you'll ever need to see about Armageddon. A must-buy for enthusiasts.  END
0312932081|5.0|My friend, on discovering that I had not yet read it, grabbed a copy of Ender's Game, shoved it in my hand, and said, &quot;Read it. Now.&quot; Well, I did - and I was instantly converted. Before I was through, I'd  wound my way through the sequels (which, though they frequently fail to  live up to the original, are still well worth a read).<br />All in all,  Ender's Game more than lived up to my friend's strong recommendation and I  have added this Hugo and Nebula Award winner to that short list of books I  give to friends with complete confidence they'll love it as much as I did.  I particularly like the fact that I can give it to a 12 year-old boy or a  30-something woman and still feel this confidence. It's a rare book that  has such broad appeal.<br />Perhaps the strongest comment I can make in favour  of this novel is that, after finishing it, I was saddened because I'd used  up all the time I had to spend with Ender and his compatriots. The sequels  helped, to be sure, but the characters are somehow more genuine to me in  this work than the later ones.<br />I recommend this book without  reservation.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Kevin Smith's bold first film Clerks is an absolutely hilarious account of modern life in and outisde a typical US convenience store. Produced on a threadbare budget of only 27,000 dollars, Smith makes a pseudo-documentary  of a day in the life of self-proclaimed loser Dante Hicks and his  wisecracking and obnoxious friend Randal. The film showcases Kevin Smith's  confident yet amazing ability to mold convincing characterizations out of  his amateur performers, being able to constantly unleash zany observational  humor from cultural inhibitions, elegantly endowing in-depth drama to his  story underneath the fascade of a gross-out comedy, and fluidly handling  pathos and dramatic irony while not sacrificing his own individual  filmmaking style makes him a definite new star in world cinema today. His  no-holds-barred approach to the real blemished and amusing sides of humaniy  makes him the most unique and talented comical director/actor since Woody  Allen. Clerks pulsates with a real sense of autheticity and homely charm.  Clerks is a watershed moment in 90's film showing comedy can create so much  more than simple belly laughs and indiscreet chuckles. Clerks is an aimless  enjoyable ride down the disturbing yet familar landscape of modern America.  Not only will you laugh at its abrasively silly social commentery, but you  might find a nugget of truth lying beneath it's wacky surface. I reccommend  the Clerks DVD edition with its countless options for any Clerks fan.
B000002HPV|5.0|This is the greatest CD I've ever heard and believe me, I've heard tons. If you like strings and a new electronic flavor of techno, this is for you. It's incredible! The combinations of each song will blow you away! It's  truely a unique wonder! You'll love it!
B000007OY0|5.0|Get busy living or get busy dying. Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things and no good thing ever dies. These are the 2 lines that sum up the movie and also the attitude towards life. Extremely powerful film and  definitely a must-see one too. Unforgettable performances both by Morgan  Freeman and Tim Robbins. Among my top 3 list. This is the kind of movie  which will inspire you time and time again.
B00001U0DP|5.0|The first thing that struck me about this film was the intelligence of the humour. Benigni's wit is so subtle in places you may have to see the film again to catch it. His efforts to protect his son from the reality of their  situation are a display of improvisational comedy at it's very best, if I  were a child I'd believe him. Benigni's comic genius is, as is usual with  clowns, offset by his tragic realisation that he alone can  help himself  and his family when, a German Doctor he befriended before the war and who  he thinks can help him, is only interested in 'Guido' for his flair with  riddles rather than his predicament. This film will touch your heart with  so much love and laughter that you may even forget to cry. A 'must see'  film for all.
B000002JSR|5.0|This album is amazing. It gives a great live version of I Can't Quit You Baby, Bonzo's Montreaux, and Led Zeppelin's answer to punk, Wearing and Tearing. It is a must have for any Zeppelin fan. Buy it!
0872860175|5.0|This is one of the greatest collection of words ever printed under one cover.  The poems around Howl are also some of Ginsberg's best, some are:&quot;A Supermarket in California&quot;, the second most anthologized  Ginsberg poem, &quot;An Asphodel&quot;, a beautiful little (short) love  poem about what i believe to be a tulup or a dafodil (look it up, tho, it  has symbolic meaning) and &quot;Song&quot; which is a very sincere and  beautiful poem about love that made me cry it was so simply powerful.  It  is terrific to have this collection of poems in a small, nice-looking book;  its portable.  You can turn to any page and find something extraordinary.
B000005J56|5.0|I've read through a lot of the reviews and for some reason, people keep complaining about Cooder's misplaced slide guitar, the true Cuban music, and the money gained from the CD. The slide guitar was a nice addition to  the music and maybe I haven't heard &quot;pure&quot; Cuban music but the  slide guitar really didn't make a difference in the wonderfully beautiful  music... in fact I had to go back and listen to the songs again to actually  pick up the slide guitar sound and even then I didn't find it out of place  or annoying. Call me a victim of a &quot;corporate-packaged&quot; Cuban  music, which I find ridiculous, but this is a delightfully magnificent  album. Danceable melodies, and charming orchestration - the album cover  illustrates the mood which permeates the entire CD - one of those hazy idle  summer days. This is the album that broke Cuban music to the masses.
B000002UDB|5.0|Regardless of which Beatles album is in question, there is always someone who thinks they have solid proof that this is their BEST album, and there is someone who equally assumes their opinion is law and says it's the  Beatles WORST album.<br />Instead of following that pattern, I'll just say  this:  I really, really enjoy this album.  I'm not claiming it is their  best, because I don't know exactly how you measure that.  All I can say is  that (whether you agree or not) these are the songs that appeal to ME, and  therefore, I recommend the album.  Hello,Goodbye.
0140067477|5.0|This book should have been listed in schools for a book-list in every language. When you know this, you see that life can be fun and easy.
B000003TAR|5.0|This is Nirvana's best cd out there, as many other reviewers have said. My favorite Nirvana song is &quot;All Apologies&quot; with Cobain's heart-wrenching singing performance. All Nirvana fans must have this.
1559408758|5.0|I even got to see these guys live on the short but deluxe Break Like The Wind tour.  I've been a fan for years but got a DVD player only a few months ago, and it had already been pulled from the Criterion Collection.   This would have been a perfect release, I hope they consider the over  whelming demand and re-release it.
630575067X|5.0|Oh man!  This movie is great! I think it's one of Lucas' best!There is just about non-stop action, thrill, and suspense! And one ofthe really good things about this movie is that there is no blood, gore, extreme violence, or any nudity. I can't wait until episode 2 comes out, I know it will be just as good, or even better!  END
B00000K19E|5.0|I saw the Matrix in the movies twice and rented the video countless times and even own it today.  The Matrix is a great story that can kind of relate to our unreal lives today with a certain degree of irony that makes you  think.  Besides the story, I LOVE the documentary they did on how they made  the movie.  It is simply brilliant.  Your DVD collection is not complete  without this one.
6305538018|4.0|Well, that was one confusing and convoluted &quot;plot&quot;. The dialogue wasn't very good, but the action made up for that. There was a bit to much blood and gore for my taste, but Jude and Jennifer were excellent, and the  film made you think and ponder for a few hours ;)
B0000029GA|5.0|Nas totally came with it on this debut album. He first shined on Main Source's &quot;at the BB-Q&quot; joint and every sence that track I had to get it. Nas is one of the best story tellers on the mic today, with a style  that has been bitten by so many MC's that it's hard to tell the origanal.  His versus capture your mind, neck muscles and ears all into one head  bopping state. From track 1 to the last it's butta! <br />oNe
B000002H33|5.0|Well, I am going to say this is the second best album MetallicA ever put out.  The only one better is ...And Justice for All.  The reason why Metallica is the best is the can change the whole format of their  songs(i.e. Welcome Home, Master of Puppets) and still be faster than anyone  else on other songs.  They were like the PanterA of the 80's and could've  cared less what anybody thought of them but now they are just a typical  &quot;rock&quot; band and they expect their reputation to pull them  through.  Well anyway, this CD is great and you should buy it.
B000002B1M|4.0|Dr. Dre put one of the illest tracks he has ever made on this one with &quot;Nas is coming&quot;. &quot;I gave you power&quot; is one of his story telling greats he has put together. The CD did let me down from the first,  (too much materialistic ryhmes) but it did give me hot joints by L-Boogey:  &quot;If I ruled the world&quot; I wasn't feeling every track like Illmatic  but I do give it &quot;classic CD status&quot;.<br />oNe
B000002H6C|5.0|This is the greatest Cd ever made. Lars Ulrich is the BEST drummer ever.  Just listen to Shortest Straw, Blackened or Frayed ends of Sanity.  They sll rule.  The best song on the CD is &quot;One&quot;.  It changes from  dark and melodic to loud and fast.  Another reason why it is great is it is  like an orchestra of guitars.  They don't play traditional metal, they turn  it into something totally different and that is what MADE Metallica. If  people say it is too long then they don't have any patience.  No song is  shorter than 5 minutes but get it anyway.  This is a perfect masterpiece.
6305657947|2.0|I was hoping to catch Pierce Bronsan as his old role in'Remington Steele' (the only role he is good at) .. but this movie wasa disappointment.  The beginning and the end of the movie were the only watchable bits, the rest of the stuff in the middle is a thin love-story about Pierce Bronson banging away on Rene Rousso (a woman that's older than my mom!)  The soundtrack was the only redeeming part of this entire movie.
0671042858|3.0|Although I'm a very loyal SK reader (and will continue to be), I can't give this one high marks. There isn't much suspense, and the &quot;creepy bits&quot; we all know and love stay at arms length through most of the  story. The plot is rather uneventful, quite frankly.<br />If you're a loyal  fan, you *must* read it (you will anyway, right?), but if you're an  occasional King reader for suspense, skip it.
1559408898|1.0|Putting back extra scenes that show more violence does not improve a movie and audiences are now voting with their feet as this directors latest films(Starship Troopers for example)have flopped.<BR>The extra and much bloodier scenes of Peter Weller's character getting his arm and legs blown off just make this film look even more cheesy and second-rate that it already was.<BR>Please note the example  of the film The Sixth Sense-less is more.More suspense and story and less  sadistic violence.
6303905293|5.0|I first saw &quot;Star Blazers&quot; (the US version of &quot;Space Battleship Yamato.&quot;) when I was in Junior High. I will never forget it. It is still present in my thoughts even now 20+ years later. This is  perhaps the greatest story, legend, adventure I have ever had the pleasure  of watching. Yes, I know sometimes the animation is well lame compared to  modern shows. Yes, I know sometimes the English dub is well, banel at best.  But, but the story here is epic. It is the deep in the best ways. It gives  one hope that people will be like that in the future. In the same way  &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; and the Arthurian Legends give one hope for  society so does the Starforce. I don't know what else I can say other than  no other movie or series has ever impressed me so much. Some have come  close, &quot;Babylon 5&quot; did anyway. I never missed an episode of  &quot;Star Blazers.&quot; If I could rate this movie more than 5 stars I  would. It is in the top 5 of movies I love not because of glorious visuals  nor of incredible lines, but because the story is still intriguing and  beguiling even 20 years later. I have not forgotten you Yamato!<br />Thanks  Jim
B00000ILDF|1.0|OK,forgetting the obvious faults of this dreadful film like 1-there is a fire on the ship and no-one gets awakened by the computer 2-the escape capsule is ejected and still no-one gets awakened 3-the capsule shoots though the atmosphere without burning up,falls at high speed without a parachute and hits the planet with the impact of a meteorite.And yet Ripley somehow survives(absurd)4-the prison planet has no guns. Forgetting all those faults,THIS film's premise is that after all Ripley has gone through,she apparently is so dumb that after destroying the queen Alien she doesn't even bother to check the ship for others? What happened to the lifeform monitoring devices?And the producers idea of a heroes finale is for Ripley to fall in a vat of molten lead while an alien rips out of her chest? After a good first week gross,this film dropped like a rock once fans were made aware of the producers dreadful stuff-up of what had been a good series.I hope that they never make a movie again because they ruined what the first two movies had set-up.Killing everyone off was a cheap and unimaginative gimmick.Very poor writing.
B00000IQW3|5.0|This movie is definately not an Oscar winner. It is not going to win any script competition. It does not have awe inspiring graphics. It does not have Super Incredible battle scenes. BUT...<br />What it does have is one heck  of a feel good plot and the excitement one feels as a child all packaged up  in a great time. This is a popcorn and Coke movie. A movie I watch over and  over again and have owned on VHS, LD and now on DVD. The soundtrack by  Craig Safan has one of the best opening themes ever and carries on through  the movie with a spirit one comes to find addicting. This is a movie for  people with imagination. It is for anyone who dreamed they could be great  heros and do daring deeds. It definately gets the 5 stars as a movie I can  always toss in the DVD and feel great afterwards.<br />Thanks Jim
0767821629|5.0|Its simple- this movie is better then The Matrix because it has more story, character development, less obivious plot holes, and a little something called &quot;acting.&quot;  This is a great movie to add to your  collection along with Blade Runner, Dark City, Kafka, and Lawnmower Man!
6305627401|5.0|These folks hit the nail on the head so many times in both their TV series and this movie it is scary. Matt and Trey both must have a secret path straight into the human mind. Our world is moving swiftly away from  personal responsibility and this movie is the greatest example of the  absurdity of that view. &quot;Let's Blame Canada!&quot; is the battle cry  rather than &quot;Let's blame ourselves for being lousy parents!&quot;  Every person young and old should watch this movie and then sit back and  talk about what it really is showing us--that one must take responsibility  for their own actions. People get way to worried about the language in this  film. Get over it. Language does not hurt people, but the ideas held by the  manical parents in this movie do. South Park is one of the greatest shows  ever in TV. It pulls the rug out from under so many Politically Correct  stereotypes and ideas that each show is a mini education if one would only  think a bit and not just zone out because someone said a bad word. Plus,  this movie is one of the funniest I have seen, right up there with  &quot;Monty Python and the Holy Grail&quot;, &quot;Animal House&quot;, and  &quot;The Blues Brothers.&quot; 5 stars without a doubt. Meets the I can  watch it over and over and over test! Thanks for your time. Jim
0805054375|5.0|The short spitfire of a book includes new looks on themes like identity and good and evil, all in only 200 pages!  I saw the movie first and it made me feel different afterwards.  The best movie I've ever seen and it  even made me see the book and i never read books!
630280082X|3.0|While the acting wasn't the best, the storyline was intriguing. A Bluesman sold his soul to Satan to play the Blues. Selling out to Satan is a recurring movie theme ie. Johhny Ringo(Tombstone), Micky o'Roarke and  others. The idea that a classically trained guitar player gives up his  future for a dream is a twist on the story that Rock n' Roll great Roy  Orbison, a classically trained singer gave up an operatic future to sing  Rock. The Classical Guitar playing segueing into impropmtu blues and other  blues playing scenes are performed by guitar legend Ry Cooder. There is  also a hot Guitar duel that pits Ralph Macchio/Ry Cooder vs Steve Vai for  no less than a mans soul. The underlying theme is mans eternal quest for  happiness or his vision of happiness and how this quest can either destroy  him or be his salvation.
B000002HK4|5.0|If you are a fan of DT, then you should buy this if just for the title track.  It covers almost every influence the band has had, and it has intelligent vocals.  I don't care how long this song is.  Truly talented  musicians should play for the love of the music, not for radio playability.   This they do, and they do an excellent job of it.
0393312836|5.0|I read the book in a matter of days. I found it disturbing, yet darkly funny, thought-provoking and brilliant. Burgess' use of 'Nadsat' is facinating. Its amazing how well you adapt to the very inventive slang of  'Alex and his Droogs'. The first chapter of the book is full of bizarre  words such as droogs, deng, viddy etc. But through the course of the book,  you find it easy to get to terms with and can enjoy the book a whole lot  more the second time you read it. I urge you to read it, no other book has  kept me glued to its pages like 'A Clockwork Orange'. Anthony Burgess has  achieved non other than a masterpiece, a classic of our time.  'Viddy Well,  all who read it'.
B00003652Q|4.0|Few bands hit the mark with their first album as well as Marillion did with &lt;Script&gt;.  The epitome of Fish-era Marillion, it is powerful, passionate and musically adept.  The sound developed throughout this first  stage of Marillion, through &lt;Fugazi&gt; (good), &lt;Misplaced  Childhood&gt; (great) and &lt;Clutching at Straws&gt; (good in parts) but  for sheer energy and flourish was never bettered than on this first outing.   Sure, they were still occasionally derivative, but wearing its influences  on its sleeve doesn't make this any worse an album, in fact in many ways  quite the reverse.  Incidentally re the previous review, Forgotten Sons is  most definitely not about the Falklands, it's about the Troubles in  Northern Ireland, which is something more of a touchy political issue on  this side of the Atlantic, given the loss of life over the last thirty  years.  All in all, though, great album!
0782008372|1.0|Okay, I goofed by not reading the reviews here before I bought this title. Please, don't make the same mistake I did. All of the glowing praise for this film is for the VHS version, if you noticed.<br />The DVD transfer is, in  a word, terrible. Whatever film stock was used for the low-light shots  (which is most of the film) was pretty grainy, and the DVD just accentuates  that to an ALARMING degree. Add to that the pixelation artifacts, and the  way certain backgrounds in shots don't move or change their appearance AT  ALL with foreground movement, giving scenes a plastic, cartoonish look.  This is a cheap way to cut down on the DVD's data size, but it shows. I've  seen indie films shot on 16mm that looked better on a VHS dub than this.  Maybe they were shorthanded at the mastering lab that week and let an  intern get a &quot;big break&quot;, I don't know. The THX certification is  definitely NOT deserved, as the mix on the sound is equally bad, with FX  stomping on dialog in key places.<br />Having said that, if you are bound and  determined to buy this, Russel Mulcahy's strong grasp of the visual at  least doesn't disappoint. Some of the best match dissolves and scene  transitions to be found anywhere. The DVD should be shown to aspiring film  students:What TO DO with a camera, What NOT TO DO in the mastering lab.
6305132984|5.0|Natalie Wood is GREAT!   The music is really cool too!  The hole movie is wonderful!   If you like musicals, you'll love this movie!   The choreography is great, the music is great, the acting is great!   I would  give this movie 10 stars if I could!
B000002ULO|5.0|This is one of the best albums that I have listened to.  Calico skies is a great acoustic song with a medevil twist.  Paul McCartney is a outstanding musician and human being.  Nobody will ever match his talent.  GREAT  ALBUM!
6305531374|1.0|H20 is a major disappointment.  It ranks with 3(Season of the Witch, a non-Michael Myers sequel in name only) &amp; part 6 as the worst of the Halloween flicks.  I have always considered Michael to be the best slasher  character since the original Halloween was first released.  I wanted to  like this, I really did, but it was terrible.  The story was pathetic, the  climax was anything but climactic, the acting was lackluster, and Michael  just wasn't as menacing as he's supposed to be.  The only good moment in  the film is when Jamie Lee and her mother(PSYCHO) have an amusing verbal  exchange in the parking lot...nothing to build a movie around.   I'm a  Halloween fan, but, man...this was BAD.  I'd advise you to stick with the  first two movies, if you need more, then skip three and skip this!
B000002WPI|5.0|There aren't words to describe how important this CD was for hip-hop.  Its INCREDIBLE!  If was released for the first time TODAY, SEVEN YEARS LATER, it would still be incredible.  Its is definatley one of, if not, the best  Hip-Hop Albums of all time.
6303114946|5.0|Searching for Bobby Fisher is a beautiful movie the cast were awesome especially max pomeranc he potrayed the character very well. This movie is not only recommended for people who loves chess but also for people who  just love great movies. i loved playing chess but this movie has encouraged  me to study more and improve my skills. more than anything this movie  teaches a child universal values and a parent to cope with a gifted child.  A MUST SEE! . 10 out of 10 stars an oscar worthy movie.
3829009011|4.0|&quot;Persuasion&quot; was Jane Austen's last novel, and the more sober and pensive quality of the book, as compared to some of her earlier works, most notably &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;, reflects her maturity both in  age and as a writer; no one in their early 20's could have written this  book.  The heroine of &quot;Persuasion&quot; is Anne Elliot, seven years  after she rejected, at her family's insistence, the young man she had  fallen in love with at 19, when he was just starting a naval career and was  too poor, in the eyes of her pretentious relatives, to be considered  acceptable marriage material.  Now he has returned, financially secure and  promoted to captain, and she finds herself still in love with him.  Without  giving away the rest of the plot, the book gives a powerful argument for  following one's heart instead of the prejudices and snobbisms of society.  Anne does not have the same appeal to many modern readers as Elizabeth  Bennet; she is more shy, retiring and reflective.  But as the book  progresses and she finds the strength to act on her feelings, she grows in  personality and character.  This final work by one of the greatest writers  (and my personal favorite) in the English language is a lasting testimony  to her incredible talents as a novelist.
0790729628|5.0|One must be crazy to write a review of a movie that everyonemust surely have seen. But it's simply the movie I consider the bestever made. This movie presents a dark view on our future, a world that has the technology needed to make everybody happy, it even allowed for the creation of personal slaves. Here is where the story gets it's meaning, what about the theese cybernatic creatures that were created to be our slaves ? We made them to do our dirty work, and to avoid their rebeliom we give them a short lifespan. We play god and toy with their lifes, we love them, we kill them.  Don't expect action from this sci-fi classic, you've got all the special effects there, but the effects are so good that everything seems just natural, and you'll dive completly into the excelent story.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game was written by Orson Scott Card in 1977.  Since I was born, I have never read such a compelling, gripping, and intense story such as this one.  Ender's Game is truly a masterpiece; it completely blows away any  competition it might have had since its publication.  I would absolutely,  positively, without a doubt, recommend this book to every single person on  this planet, and perhaps beyond.  <br />Ender Wiggin, the main character  of Ender's Game, is one of the most developed characters to ever be  portrayed in all of literature.  The reader encounters immense amounts of  information regarding him.  However, it is never in the form of direct  statements of fact.  Instead, Card reveals Ender through his various  actions and dialogues.  For example, at the beginning of the book, Ender is  being physically tormented by another kid named Bernard.  Ender waits  patiently for Bernard to punch him once more.  Then, Ender is able to catch  Bernard's punch and throw him to the opposite wall.  Instead of Card  explaining how intelligent and patient Ender is, Card shows these qualities  solely through Ender's actions.  This alone suggests that Orson Scott Card  is an outstanding writer.  However, as one continues to read Ender's Game,  Card's skill as an author is clearly evident by the beautiful construction,  as well as the story line, of the novel. <br /> The science-fiction aspect  of this novel serves only as the setting.  Ender's Game really has little  to do with science-fiction, aliens, and other planets.  Instead, it is a  passionate tale of strength and weakness, courage and fear, love and  hatred, and ignorance and knowledge.  Ender is a tool which Card  masterfully uses in order to convey these intense emotions.  In addition,  Card expertly creates feelings of suspense,  anticipation, and trepidation.   All of these emotions combine to produce one of the best books ever  written. <br /> As one reads Ender's Game, he or she will become  completely absorbed in it.  The book will become impossible to put down,  and the reader will devour pages by the hundreds.  Time will seem to stop  for the reader, and he or she will become so engrossed in the novel that  finishing it will become a top priority in the reader's life.<br />  Ender's Game is certainly one of the best books ever written.  I would  adamantly urge everyone to read it
B000001Y2U|5.0|I was introduced to Manson by a friend three years ago.  I at first thought that he was a strange being, because at that time I was a mere child and I hadn't lived enough to even grasp that his music might be good.   I shoved him aside for a year, because I was not interested.  Once my life  started going down-hill and I started losing friends, I thought, &quot;What  the Hell?&quot;  I then borrowed my friend's cd, Antichrist Superstar.  I  loved it.  I started listening to Manson right then and there and I have  loved his music ever since.  I got this cd for Christmas of last year and I  have listened to it every day now.  I fall asleep to the sounds of  Cryptorchild at night.  I am now what I used to call a strange being, and I  love it!  This cd is great and it is a must listen for everybody!
0553108034|5.0|The plot from the previous book intensifies and we are thrown in the middle of the war in the Westeros. While the realm is in turmoil, there are other powerful threats gathering at the edge of the world of man. Keeps you  on the edge of your seat all the way. The only thing that bothered me a bit  was the unresolved twist at the end...but I guess Mr. Martin will see to it  in the next book.
0375703764|5.0|This is an incredible book...   like an especially intriguing nightmare, where reality is just bent enough for everything to seem off-balance. I cannot say enough good things about it.
B00000JWVO|4.0|If you like musicals this video is for you. It is an excellent companion to one of the greatest musicals in the world... CATS! Of course, it is as enteratining and well-produced as THE SOUND OF MUSIC by Rodgers and  Hammerstein - but that's another story! CATS is well presented here, and it  is as good as, if not better than, the actual stage production. The cast is  well-chosen, but I prefer Betty Buckley to sing the part of Grizabella and  Stephen Hanan to sing the part of Gus: The Theatre Cat. (I'm sure that  GROWLTIGER'S LAST STAND - my favourite scene from the show - could have  been left in if that happened!) I do like the visuals and singing, and I  would admit overall that this show is good clean fun. Anyway, I am very  thankful for what I have been given by Lloyd-Webber and the Really Useful  Group, and I do look forward to seeing a video version of PHANTOM soon,  filmed along the lines of CATS, JOSEPH and the new SUPERSTAR. Until then,  see you at the Jellicle Ball.
1573220485|5.0|Many other reviews here have been comparing &quot;Beach&quot; to other books. Yes, there are shades of &quot;On the Road,&quot; &quot;Lord of the Flies,&quot; Michener's &quot;Drifters,&quot; and maybe even a little  &quot;Sand Pebbles&quot; thrown in. That's fine - I like new stories to  remind me of other great tales. Good writing examples complement each  other; it's not one book vs. another. And this is good writing. Garland  keeps the basic story simple; it's easy to follow and relatively  believable. One of the best things done is that Garland creates a sort of  tension throughout the book. The reader is not able to relax and simply  glide along. You know something's going to happen but not what or when (you  do know, of course, that Richard will make it due to the first person  narration). When things go wrong, they do so in a wild but logical manner.  Nothing goes too far over the top with characters commiting improbable acts  (read &quot;A Simple Plan&quot; for the exact opposite, though it's still a  fine story). The dream sequences enhance the story, rather than annoy the  reader as often happens. This is a modern tale of adventure that ranks  right up there with other generation-defining work. I haven't seen the  movie nor do I plan to, this is good enough.
0446525537|4.0|A Walk to Remember, by Nicholas Sparks is an excellent book.  If your the type of person that has a tough time staying interested in reading this is the book to change all of that around.  From the beginning to the end this  book keeps you turning the page curious as ever to figure out what is going  to happen next.  It really keeps you motivated.  Another reason for you to  read this selection would be that it really can relate to everyone's  everyday life, in some way.  As always, you have your &quot;typical&quot;  popular kids and the one's (one, in this book)  that are always being made  fun of.  I think a lot of the times people are just misunderstood, this  happens to be the situation in A Walk to Remember. Whether you are a good  reader or not, you could read this story in a short amount of time.  It is  a very easy read.  The book isn't extremely short, but it is not extremely  long either.  I think that people of all ages could enjoy this book, with  in reason.  Jr. High kids might even be able to appreciate the lesson being  taught in the story.  I don't read very much, but I could easily start  reading more often if every book I read was as good as this one.
6303073107|5.0|Actually, I've seen this film only once. But this is one I always remember as a masterpiece. This film lingered in my mind for some time after viewing - eventually I knew I enjoyed so much. It is a rare film that offers a lot  (I do not know how many films these days can entertain in the same way this  does, even with the Hollywood budget). This film remains as Kurosawa's  landmark in the film history, and recollection of a masterpiece Japan once  able to offer.
6305311463|4.0|HELLO PEOPLE!  This is a MOVIE not a documentary on the physics of space! I found this movie extremely entertaining. I cant believe all the people who nit-pick about &quot;oh, there cant be noise or fire in space&quot;  Would you want to watch a movie set mostly in space with no sound? If you  want realism, go watch The Learning Channel! It's called artistic license!  Some people need to wake up, watch the movie for what it is, and enjoy it!
B000000WG4|1.0|There are several points where this music is actually good.  Unfortunately, those peaks are surrounded by wide valleys of poor arrangement and overzealous mixes.  Mike achieves many exciting ideas, but  explores them only shallowly.  Part II killed the listening experience for  me.  The rage-filled gutteral screaming is tasteless and out-of-place.  If  I can't return this CD, it will quickly become a coaster.
6305750750|5.0|Phantom Menace was great. I am so tired of reading bad reviews on this movie and hearing how silly and unbelievable come of the characters were. COME ON! This is a fantasy /Sci-Fi movie... they do not get much better  than this. When the Star Wars Saga began.. (A New Hope), the reviews were  bad...yet that movie went on to be a classic.This movie is well worth  seeing ..the video a MUST !
0792840852|5.0|I love this movie!  I saw this film when I was a lot younger and even now that I am in college I wish I owned it!  It is the best movie for a rainy day, a bad day, a good day, or any kind of day.  It puts a smile on your  face and has you singing the whole way through.
1573226521|5.0|I perceive &quot;The Beach&quot; as truly awesome. I think most people that could relate to Richard feel the same way. This is the book that speaks most directly to me to date. Well, sometimes I read other books,  frustrated by the choices of the characters, and ended up don't give a  damn, just flipping through pages to have an idea how it turns out. But  with the beach it's like you were there. Richard and his friends are like  some of your real life buddies.<br />On the regard of plot and character  developments, I won't dispute with the others who feel they are major  drawbacks. For me, It's true Garland needs to work on that but don't forget  he wrote a book that speaks directly to his audience--and perhaps to his  audience only--what else do you want? A classic? Ah, common, you should  have known better when picking this one up. All in all, I still couldn't  believe someone would compare this one with the firm.
B00003A9QI|4.0|This is a moveing sound track as was the movie. I enjoyed it and I have it on my computer all the time as I work. It makes you thankful for things you have in your life cause of the wonderful family I have and was raised in.
0812589041|5.0|I thought that this book was very good.  The thing that I like the best is the unexpected twist at the end.  I would say this is the best book that i ever read.
B00001NFCY|2.0|Remember about 3 years ago, when both Creed &amp; Days of the New fell under the category of &quot;Neo-Grunge&quot;? Days took the more brooding S'Garden /AIC approach, while Creed took the PJ by-means-of Metallica way.  But that was then &amp; this is now. <br />While DOTN (or Traivs Meeks) has  decided to take their (his) music to new levels of grace &amp; power, Creed  have decided to play it safe &amp; recycle &quot;My Own Prison&quot;'s  formula... with mixed results. Where &quot;MOP&quot; had moments of true  power &amp; beauty, &quot;Human Clay&quot; is just a boring rock album.  However, I won't knock the entire album. &quot;Beautiful&quot; is just that  &amp; &quot;Never Die&quot; has alot of merit. And let's face it, who  hasn't gotten &quot;Higher&quot; stuck in their head at least once? But  other than that, there isn't much here.<br />If you want impressive  musicianship, get &quot;DOTN II&quot;. If you want a good Creed album,  &quot;My Own Prison&quot; works just fine.
B000024ZYP|5.0|Thimar, by  John Surman, Anouar Brahem and Dave Holland is one of my most favorous CDs. It is very good music for relaxing and for letting your thoughts wander and for dreaming away. It is definately music for the  soul!<br />I have heard Brahem in concert several times and he must be one of  the worlds best Oud (Lutt) players. I first heard him with Jan Garbarek,  then I heard him in a fantastic concert in Oslo and imidiately went out and  bought his first three CDs! <br />His music is based on the traditiones of  north Africa and is maybe best classified as world music. But he has  brought the music further by bringing in world class jazz musicans. In the  CD &quot;Khomsa&quot; this did not work to good for me, maybe because the  warmth of the oud was often lost in the other instruments.<br />This is one of  his best CDs and maybe even better than his first two ones. The music is  very contemplative and reminds me a bit of some of the best records of Ravi  Shankar and classical indian music, but still easyer listening than ragas.  I always brings this music when I travel and it is very often people get  very enthusiastic about it. I usually return home without my tape. Quite  many people love it and I must be one of the main pushers of his music! It  is great when it is so easy to give pleasure to others!<br />Try to listen to  it on this page, it may be the right music for you to!
0345350499|5.0|Zimmer Bradley's characters are multidimensional and the pace and plot are riveting. Not the typical Arthur story. It's from a different, feminist point of view. Morgan is not a flat character but a riveting force. The characters are people with faults and strengths that make the story even more compelling. I wish it went on and on.
6305089957|5.0|I loved everything about this movie.  The characters (esp. Neve), the plot (college CAN be murder) and the setting (Agnes Scott College - what a beautiful campus).  I really enjoyed this movie - felt it was totally  worthy of Scream 1 (and a great prequel to Scream 3).
B00003CWPR|3.0|Cruise and Kidman act their butts off, the photography isoutstanding, the art direction is fantastic. The pace is very slow. Iwould almost say that if you want to see Cruise and Kidman acting at each other watch this film.  Frontal femal nudity is overidden by the slow pace. This film is very boring.
0679731725|5.0|This is one of the very best books I have read and as many good books it can be read on many levels. I find it to be the easiest book he have written. It is also made into a very good movie, with fabulous actors and  brilliant acting, a great achievement that has its own value and own  identity as one interpretation of the book. <br />One of Ishiguros main  messages is that if you will you can change your life. But sometimes it is  already to late, you had a chance and you didn't grasp it, and you are  stuck with the consequences. He also tries to get us to see that if you  choose to be a loyal part of something bigger, a corporation, a business,  even a household, you will still be responsible for whatever is done in the  name of that entity. You can of course pretend you do not know that your  boss is cooperating with people who are bigots and nazis. You can pretend  it does not concern you, because you are just doing your job. Like some  people in Germany closed their eyes to the concentration camps and some  Japanese closed their eyes to the atrocities done in the name of a god  (their emperor) and like other people later have done towards the treatment  of indians in south America etc. etc. If you choose to get close to the  center of history you may well be burned. Ishiguro once said in a interview  that &quot;one uses memory for ones own purpose, one's own ends&quot; and  that is why he writes in the first person form, to be able to follow  somebody's thoughts around,&quot; as they trip themself up or try to hide  from themself&quot;.<br />The remains of the day is Ishiguros way of telling  us to live to day and to grasp love when and if you find it and not to wait  until you are old. Carpe diem is one of his obvious messages in the book.  The remains of the day won the Booker price and it deserved it and he also  (to use soccer terminology) made a hat trick with it. Both his two first  books won prices, with  A Pale View of the Hills he won The Royal Societies  of Literature's Winifred prize and An Artist of the Floating World he won  the Whitbread prize.
B000002C1X|5.0|Buy this album.  There really isn't much more to say.  In fact, buy &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; too.  If you already own it, here's a tip:  If you listen closely, at the VERY beginning of the CD, you hear what  sounds like a sentence that's been part cut off.  The very beginning of the  sentence is actually in the LAST second or two on the 2nd CD.  Weird.
6303014100|5.0|This movie is for sure one of the best I have ever seen. Excellent actors (Tom Berenger, Richard Jordan and many more!) make you feel like you are a part of this drama. Of course the outstanding soundtrack is an important  element of this great experience.
0790736241|4.0|Contact is among the few films today that actually require you to &quot;think&quot; while you are viewing it.  The story is very unconventional compared to the other science fiction films of today, in  that it deals with actual SCIENCE.  The only major flaw in this movie is  that the ending is very disappointing, and leaves the movie feeling very  unfinished. Contact is by  no means a classic, but a favorite nonetheless.
6303921248|5.0|Have you ever felt an aching so intense because you have just fallen in love with something that is not tangible? This is the experience of Pride and Prejudice.
B000002U82|4.0|First off, I am only 15 yrs. old (2000).  I am not some old hippie or a baby boomer in a mid-life crisis (think &quot;American Beauty&quot;).  And yet, I found that this album struck a chord (no pun intended).  They just  don't make 'em like they used to.  The album uses sound affects to enhance  its music, unlike some current music which uses bass guitars and  electronics as a crutch for lack of talent (though not all electronic bands  are bad).  I highly recommend this album to anyone wanting a break from the  shallow smiley-happy boy bands and teen pop idols that seem to pervuade  current musical trends.  Even better, try &quot;The Wall&quot;.
B0000029GA|3.0|this is easily the most overrated cd i've ever heard in my entire life....
6304994540|5.0|The Big Lebowski, isn't just funny its eye wateringly, rib crackingly and bladder emptingly....stop there. What makes it so wonderful is that its just as funny the tenth time you watch it. Every character is a completely  original creation, from John&quot; YOU ARE ENTERING A WORLD OF PAIN&quot;  Goodman, Jeff &quot;The Dude &quot; Bridges and Julianne &quot;Maude&quot;  Moore. There are many sequences in this film when you think it has peaked,  but then the Coens top it with an even more outragous scene. Wittness the  spectacular sequence after the dude slams his face on the table and  imagines himself in a viking/porn dream with &quot;I JUST DROPPED IN TO SEE  WHAT CONDITION MY CONDITION WAS IN- I FOUND MY MIND IN A BROWN PAPER  BAG&quot;, belted out on the soundtrack. Its a scene of pure delecious  delerium. This all in a service of a plot so convolted that following it is  strictly optional, but then you won't mind because you'll still be  unravelling it by the third time you see it. Ofcourse let me not forget the  great John Tuttoro &quot;JESUS&quot; who bowls to a spanish variation of  &quot;The Hotel California&quot; in scene which will give an ulcer from  luaghter.While I still think that the Coen's 1990 crime classic Miller's  Crossing was their best, the quirky character comedy Fargo in second, and  Lebowski in third. Third might not seem like a great place to be, but its  the Coens own fualts for raising the bar so high. The Dude Abides.
6303921248|5.0|Have you ever felt an aching so intense because you have just fallen in love with something that is not tangible? This is the experience of Pride and Prejudice.
B00000BKDX|5.0|I first bought Iron Maiden's &quot;Live After Death&quot; album back when it came out in 1985 and to this day, it still sounds fresh and heavy. I did purchase the Live album on cd today and it sounded absolutely fantastic.  Great multimedia enhancement really makes this cd stand out tremendously. I  believe this has to be the best &quot;Live&quot; album of all time! The  performance and sonics/recording is flawless..and for a live album, that's  a difficult statement to make. I also have the video that I bought back in  1985 and watching the video really makes the album/cd come alive. A must  for all hard rock/heavy metal fans if you presently don't have the cd or  video. 'Up the Irons'....buy it at any cost.
0783240503|5.0|Donny Osmond once again proves he is the best at entertaining an audience. You will tap your foot through the whole production. The music is outstanding, the cast is perfect and costumes are fabulous.If you didn't  get to see the show live you don't want to miss it this time. Gather the  family together, and get your popcorn ready, this is a real treat for all  to enjoy!
B00001QGPR|4.0|Bowie has finally found what he has been looking for for the past 15-20 years. Something that was lost and now has been found. I Love this album. his best since the late seventies. I eagerly await his next venture.
0061002747|5.0|I am 12 years old and I'm a big Agatha Christie fan.  I have read 16 of her books, and this book and Death on the Nile are my favs.  Enjoy!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix on DVD is positively the best use of technology ever.  With the incredible 'bullet-time' cinematic sequences, you'll find yourself repeating scenes over and over and over.  The plot is so thick, so  well-thought-through (if that makes sense) it is probably the best science  fiction story ever written.  The DVD picture is so clear, so much better  then on VHS and the sound makes you feel like you are there.  This is a  MUST buy, you'll watch it again and again, but find that you don't tire of  it.
0767819446|1.0|This movie was a huge disappointment.  It takes a wonderful concept(the idea that what we perceive as reality is actually an illusion created by scientists), and ruins it.  The acting is mediocre (especially the detective, who is thoroughly unconvincing--at first I thought the character was bad, but then I realized that the actor just didn't suit the part), the representation of the technology is stupid (come on, didn't we get over talking computers years ago?), and the vision of the future with huge golden spires and whatnot is ridiculous.  When the main character discovers that his world is an illusion, it should be horrifying, but it simply isn't, because it's badly directed.  END
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona's second CD is one of the best that I've ever heard. While her first CD, Tidal, was very good it wasn't perfect, When The Pawn, however, is flawless! This CD is so good I can't pick a song I like the most. They're  ALL good. I think it's safe to say Fiona Apple is one of this era's most  important singer/song writers. A pure joy.
8478884955|5.0|I would recomend this book for all ages.  You can see a picture in your mind, the words are really discriptive.  A wonderful book for everyone.
0679746048|5.0|Kaysen's memoir is thought-provoking. I wonder: could it happen to me? Am I really sane? The answer to that question is a mystery now that I've read the book.<br />Despite the harsh realities that the author experienced in the  loony bin (Kaysen's words), she had some amusing moments as well. The  character named Lisa made me laugh out loud. Some of the things that the  patients said or did were very funny. Let me guess: Angelina Jolie plays  Lisa in the movie version of the book, am I right? I haven't seen the movie  yet.<br />Loved the book, very insightful and entertaining. If you've seen the  movie, I advise you to read the book as well.
0800184327|5.0|&quot;Dance With Me&quot; was a really great movie that worked on many levels. It had great music, an enthusiastic, fun-loving cast, a great storyline, believable characters, sensitivity, romance, and a happy ending.   This was accomplished without the use of gratuitios sex, violence, and bad  language that seems to be all too common in todays movies of lesser  character. Vanessa L. Williams was great as dancer Ruby, and Chayanne was  wonderful and romantic as her male love-interest, though he did have a  tendency to smile way too much. They were amazingly romantic, full of  chemistry, Chayanne was very convincing in his role as a man with dubious  parentage. Chayanne is hot, yes, but even hotter was the man who played  Vanessa L. William's ex-partner, the father of her son, and competetion  partner during the Latin dance contest sequence. He is an extremely sexy  man!  I only wish that he, Valenzuela (the male Valenzuela--not the woman  one), could have gotten WAY more screen time.      This movie makes you  want to get up and dance.  It moves you in more ways than one.  I've  watched it at least twenty-five times since it was released (very limitedly  in the theaters), and I will watch it, no doubt, twenty-five more times  before it's all over. This is a fantastic, glamourous movie, and if you  prefer a little &quot;ethnicity&quot; in your movies as opposed to  formulaic movies like &quot;Strictly Ballroom&quot; or &quot;Dirty  Dancing,&quot; and if you want to hear great Afro-Carribbean-Latin sounds  and see some of the best dancers in the world, this movie is for you.
B00000J7J4|3.0|Although this CD is good, I wouldn't call it the best. It pulls away from this classical style. It is a good cd to introduce younger generations to, with the different styles of music on it, however it is just too  comercialized.
6300263673|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time.  The love story and the dancing it this movie is great.It gives you a point of view of what it used to be like. Everytome you see this movie you will notice something you never did  before. I also recommend to get the soundtracks the music is just as good  as the movie.  This movie is a classic.  Everyone should see it.This is the  best movie of all time everyone should own it.  Theres no other movies like  it.  Once you see this movie   you'll watch it over and over and over again  its a timeless classic.
0784011796|5.0|&quot;Who in the rainbow can draw the line where the violettint ends and the orange begins...so with sanity andinsanity&quot;--Herman Melville Watch it two ways, 1) visual dessert, and 2) science fiction delight.
B000002J03|5.0|I think that this is probably my favorite Led Zeppelin album, slightly ahead of Zeppelin 4 and Physical Graffiti.  The first seven songs in particular rank amongst the best rock music ever created.  This is the  album that contains &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot; though I really don't  think that song stands out because all the others are so enjoyable as well.  &quot;What is and What Should Never Be&quot; and &quot;Thank You&quot;  show Zeppelin's softer side much more effectively than the songs on their  first album, and without being excessively soft.  &quot;The Lemon  Song&quot; is Zeppelin at its heaviest and still gets airtime today as do  most of the songs from this album.  However, the highlight of the album for  me are songs 5-7: &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;, &quot;Living Loving Maid&quot;,  and &quot;Ramble On,&quot; which all seem to flow into one another creating  a ten minute span of music that may be unparalleled.  The intro guitar riff  to &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; is probably my favorite intro riff ever, it is  extremely catchy.  Bottom line: this is probably Led Zeppelin's heaviest  album, and maybe their best.  If you like Led Zeppelin, or even just  classic rock, you should get this album if you don't already have it.
6305718954|2.0|This movie offers a great deal of true and interesting information, but while you are watching it you must be sure to depict what is true and what is fiction. Make sure you are paying attention to this movie so you don't  get the wrong ideas in your head. Also remember that contrary to what this  movie makes you believe, it is a movie and nothing more.
B000000OQF|5.0|&quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot; is the greatest CD ever made in my opinion.  I love every song on it.  You want to know what caused all the glam rock bands to lose sleep at night? It was this album.  No one else at  this time (except possibly for Metallica, though they weren't as big yet)  could combine the raw power, energy, attitude, and skill that Guns N'  Roses.  Every song on this album rocks!  Three of them have become  classics: &quot;Welcome to the Jungle&quot;, &quot;Paradise City&quot;, and  &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine.&quot;  Though the best songs on the album are  probably &quot;It's So Easy&quot; and &quot;Rocket Queen.&quot;  Axl Rose  is one of the most talented vocalists ever, and Slash is a guitar god.  The  rest of the band doesn't lag too far behind either.  If you do not own this  album, I highly recommend it!
B000003TAR|5.0|this is must have for any nirvana fan. anyone that thinks smells like teen spirit is nirvanas best song hasnt heard any songs on this album. i have had in utero for years now and can still listen through without skipping  tracks. heart shaped box, rape me, and pennyroyal tea are the best songs of  all time.
B000000OQF|5.0|&quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot; is the greatest CD ever made in my opinion.  I love every song on it.  You want to know what caused all the glam rock bands to lose sleep at night? It was this album.  No one else at  this time (except possibly for Metallica, though they weren't as big yet)  could combine the raw power, energy, attitude, and skill that Guns N'  Roses.  Every song on this album rocks!  Three of them have become  classics: &quot;Welcome to the Jungle&quot;, &quot;Paradise City&quot;, and  &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine.&quot;  Though the best songs on the album are  probably &quot;It's So Easy&quot; and &quot;Rocket Queen.&quot;  Axl Rose  is one of the most talented vocalists ever, and Slash is a guitar god.  The  rest of the band doesn't lag too far behind either.  If you do not own this  album, I highly recommend it!
0380973839|5.0|The specifics of this moving and enlightening book have been covered by others, so I'll take the luxury of making a purely personal comment.  I loved this work of art so much that, when the time came, I pulled the book  off the shelf and shared it with my sons.  We have all read and reread it  so often that it has fallen apart and I am now purchasing a new hardback  volume for my library with my grandson in mind.  PLEA TO ALAN LEE:  If you  can see this, please, PLEASE collaborate with Mr. Bradbury to publish a  collector's edition marrying his vision to your brilliant artwork.  The  concept is so right and so obvious that I simply don't understand why it  hasn't already been done.  It's not too late...
B00002MZ4V|5.0|The moment I saw this beautiful CD on the shelve I was excited beyond repair. John Williams has changed the way the entire world has looked at motion picture music. His scores are compelling like that of &quot;Cadillac  of the Sky,&quot; as we see a young british child brought to tears by his  glance at the p-51. His scores move us to tears as we see Oscar Schindler  leave his friends after,&quot;He who saves one life, saves the world  entire.&quot; His scores also highten our emotions like the &quot;Duel of  Fates.&quot; Now matter what type of music, John Williams can write it. The  only part I missed was The NBC Nightly News Theme. In short this is the  greatest CD ever created.
B000002KET|5.0|Successfully integrating a variety of new musical textures to their sound, Black Sabbath crafted one of their most satisfying albums with &quot;Sabbath Bloody Sabbath&quot;. It was a bold move for Iommi and  company to tinker with their musical formula by adding synthesizers and  strings to the mix, but the results are spectacular. The title track,  &quot;Killing Yourself To Live&quot; and the majestic closing track  &quot;Spiral Architect&quot; are all bonafide classics.
0783239955|5.0|&quot;The Dinner Game&quot; is quite possibly the most hilarious film I've seen all year.  It is about a man who attends dinner parties where people compete and see who can bring the best idiot to dinner with him.  The man  ends up having to spend an evening with his idiot while he is injured.   Hilarity, of course, ensues.  This is the only movie that has literally  left me &quot;rolling in the aisles.&quot;
0783241569|2.0|I was thorougly dissapointed with this sad excuse for a film. Iam a huge fan of the very talented Hugh Grant and Julia Roberts, whythey choose to do this sickeningly sweet and eerily UNFUNNY picture mystifies me. The plot is thorougly farmiliar. The main flaw is that the Julia Roberts character is THOROUGLY unlikeable!  The film drags and drags. There is even a chase scene which rips off Nine Months. Go for classic Hugh instead.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|I absolutley loved 'Tidal', so this second album of her's had a lot to live up to...and boy did it succeed in that!  A great mix of songs, from unusual up-tempo beats (fast as you can) to beautiful ballads (i know).  Fiona's unique sound, brutally-honest emotions and profound lyrics help  make this album one of the most unmatched out there!
6300182355|5.0|The one-liners in this movies come at you a mile a minute. Not to forget the bore-worms, pleasure slaves and those hunky Hawk-Men.
6305313687|5.0|This movie deals with the whole ugliness of racism in America. It's a story of one man's true conversion to harmony with his fellow man. See this movie with an open mind and heart. Edward Norton has my vote for one of the  top 5 actors of the 90s'.
B0000027RL|5.0|This cd is perfection in every way. It displays great vocals, great music, and pure emotional lyrics. The best song by far is &quot;black&quot; this is  one of those rare cds that you can listen over and over and never get  sick of. If you like Nirvana or if you like Soundgarden try &quot;Temple of  dog&quot; (its pj and soundgarden together) It perfect for Rock fans. A  great cd and its in no way over rated.
B000006MS3|5.0|This is my favorite Kate Bush album of all time. Magical, exciting, and intense.  If you like New  Wave music, this album might have a place in your heart.  Lots of sampling, dubbings, cryptic lyrics, and a beautifully  unique voice that can send chills up your spine.  Some of the best songs on  this album are Suspended in Gaffa, All the Love, and Get Out of My House.   These are my favs, but there isn't a bad song on the entire album. If  you're searching for the off-the-top 40-path artist, check out this cd!
B00000DBXL|5.0|This is a great cd. Cake is the greatest band ever. This CD is great. Please buy it.
B000002U9E|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums of all time (okay, second only to Kate Bush's The Dreaming).  The first five songs are love songs, and the rest of the album is a dreamy saga involving water, ice, witches, ghosts,  spine-tingling vocals, and general weirdness.  I hope that there isn't any  Kate fan out there that doesn't already own this album, but if there is (or  you've never heard of it) for shame!  Buy this immediately!
0783241569|5.0|A world-famous American movie star (Roberts)falls in love with the owner of a small London bookstore (Grant), but the relationship seems impossible. Roberts is charming as the suave,worldly movie star, and Grant shines in  the role of the shy bookstore owner. The supporting cast complements the  two leads to perfection and contributes greatly to the overall charm of  &quot;Notting Hill&quot;. The plot may not be entirely believable, but so  what? Nobody goes to the movies to see how everyday life really is. A great  escape from the real world and for 2 hours or so makes you believe that  dreams and fairy-tales really could come true. A great movie!
B00000J2L8|5.0|One of the funniest movies ever made. Although the subject matter is nothing to laugh about, it manages to get a laugh in every scene. Peter Sellers gives one of the best comedy performances of the century playing 3  different roles (Kubrick and Sellers had originally planned for him to play  4 roles). George C. Scott is extremely funny as the eccentric general,  Sterling Hayden is also great as the general who is obsessed with bodily  fluids. Great craftsmanship courtesy of Kubrick. One of the all-time  greats, extremely entertaining and grows funnier with each viewing. Extras:  spot James Earl Jones (the voice of Darth Vader). From a scale of 1-10 I  give this film a 10!
B000002U82|5.0|This cd is one of my best in my collection i have to say i listen to it every day seriously, awesome for them times when your high or jus chillin with your boys a must
0767819543|4.0|This surprisingly good Brazilian film features a power-house performance by Brazils' leading lady Fernanda Montenegro. Vincius de Oliveira is also superb in support as Josue. Their relationship manages to avoid cliches.  While still predictable it is thoroughly enjoyable. If 'Life Is Beautiful'  hadn't come along it would of won the Best Foreign Film Oscar. A great  character study and entertaining road-movie that is lifted further by the  performance of Montenegro. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film an 8!
B000002C25|3.0|Everything is overproduced on this album, mostly blocking out what made oasis so good to begin with - the momentum-building riffs of the first album and the slowed down emotional moments of the second.  When they do  succeed in stadium anthem grandiosity, they do it well though, which is why  this album is still worth a listen.  &quot;D'ya know what I mean&quot; was  never a good single, but it's a brilliant eight minutes of song - far  closer to capturing the rhythms and movements of 90s electronic music than  your standard barmy crossover fare.  The song builds furiously upon layers  of drums and sounds and whirling helicopter blades, saying nothing at all  while blitzing the senses, demanding to be turned up louder.  Oasis at  their best make you want to dance and get drunk and act stoopid, and this  song is third to maybe only &quot;columbia&quot; and &quot;rock n roll  star.&quot;  In the meantime, &quot;Don't Go Away&quot; is a good single,  the title track is almost as good as &quot;cigaretts and alcohol&quot; and  the middle three tracks are decent.  As for &quot;all around the  world&quot; - it's just ugly excess.  They tried to make this album  definitive of their sound, when really it's better seen as an interesting  experiment.
B00000J2L8|5.0|One of the funniest movies ever made. Although the subject matter is nothing to laugh about, it manages to get a laugh in every scene. Peter Sellers gives one of the best comedy performances of the century playing 3  different roles (Kubrick and Sellers had originally planned for him to play  4 roles). George C. Scott is extremely funny as the eccentric general,  Sterling Hayden is also great as the general who is obsessed with bodily  fluids. Great craftsmanship courtesy of Kubrick. One of the all-time  greats, extremely entertaining and grows funnier with each viewing. Extras:  spot James Earl Jones (the voice of Darth Vader). From a scale of 1-10 I  give this film a 10!
B00000DFRS|5.0|This latest album from Whitney Houston is phenominal. Just when you couldn't stand any more power ballads, she gives you a fresh kick with some incredibly creative r&amp;b/soul music. It has spawned 4 highly-dissimilar  monster-hit singles (&quot;Heartbreak Hotel,&quot; &quot;It's Not Right But  It's Okay,&quot; &quot;My Love Is Your Love,&quot; and &quot;I Learned From  The Best&quot;), which give you a taste of how much variety is on the  album. Other stand-outs are the funky &quot;Get It Back,&quot; the soulful  tearjerker &quot;You'll Never Stand Alone,&quot; the jazzy/bluesy  &quot;Until You Come Back,&quot; and the spunky ballad/dance number &quot;I  Bow Out,&quot; probably the best song on the album. The only horrific  moments are those taken up by the  how-much-more-predictable-and-unimaginative-can-u-be duet with Mariah  Carey, &quot;When You Believe,&quot; which didn't sound good on Mariah's  album either. But to make up for that, you have the hidden Lauryn  Hill-produced Stevie Wonder track &quot;I Was Made To Love Him.&quot; All  in all, this LP is a true testament to her soul/r&amp;b roots, and a  welcome return to her long-lost soul days. A must-have.
6304080921|5.0|this movie is one of the best ever. it's about traveling time,being insane, and star-crossed love. the way Terry Gilliam portraysthe future shows that he is one of the best directors ever. the amount of love you have for this movie, though, depends on you, and the movies you like. if you like movies that question reality and show lots of creativity, you'll love it. if you had a hard day of work, and just want to relax and watch some dime-a-dozen shoot 'em up, or a light comedy, then stay away.
B000006045|5.0|More than much-touted releases from Portishead or Goldie or Radiohead, Mezzanine opened my ears to the breathtaking possibilities of contemporary music and production techniques. It's definitely one of the most vividly  realized albums I've ever heard, from any genre of music. At the same time,  it's drastically different than the laid-back Blue Lines debut or the  eclectic, dancy Protection. These are dense, lugubrious, menacingly dark  tunes, perfect for cruising aimlessly in your black Beamer, looking cool.  Also great headphone music--in fact, I'd say it's essential that one  listens to this record through 'phones at least once, just to catch all the  subtleties. The first four songs are a hypnotic series that draw you into  this album entirely. Teardrop has especially entrancing, beautiful vocals  from Liz Fraser. The two versions of Exchange are tinged with jazz and  recall the laid-back motif of Blue Lines. The second half of Mezzanine is  even darker and slower-paced than the beginnings. This album is a unique  treasure that belongs in your library if you're a fan of well-produced and  well-written music.
630575067X|5.0|I have seen all of the Star Wars movies and this was my favorite. It is definitely a movie worth seeing. There is a really good scene with podracers in it, and Jar Jar Binks (a Gungan)is really funny.  This movie  is two thumbs up!
B000009QPE|5.0|This cd is great. One of my favorite slayer cds of all time. The best songs are &quot;rain in blood&quot;,&quot;angle of death&quot; and criminly insane.
B00000J7S8|4.0|Diane Krall has done it. She has recreated a small after hours club on a cd. Pour yourself an aged sipping scotch and sit back. You'll be hearing her  crystal voice take on standards like no one else ever has. The  instrumental arrangements are strong, but never get in the way of the  vocal. The balance is perfection. By the way, When I Look In Your Eyes is  from the 60s film musical of Dr. Doolittle. Rex Harrison sang it to a  homesick seal! Trust me, that image has completely left my brain. The song  belongs to Diane Krall now.
6304415346|3.0|This is a film that is strong on the surface, often all the standard viewing public is looking for.  Jonathan Frakes does a fabulous job directing this film (provided he is not in the scene).  Great special  effects and a straight-forward plot are attractive to most science fiction  audiences (as well as other genre audiences).<br />Star Trek is different.  It  is a science fiction sub-genre that mandates a bit more commitment a  sophistication on the part of the audience.  Dealing with broader issues  than zap-guns and spaceships, this genre must not only please audiences,  but enlighten them.  Unfortunately, this film fails in this  department.<br />Sadly, the strengths in this film dissolve when put to the  test of Star Trek history and ideology.  As with most Berman-headed Trek  ventures (Star Trek: The Next Generation and Star Trek: Voyager),  continuity with Trek past is ignored.<br />According to the original Star Trek  series:<br />* Zefram Cochrane was born in 2030 and was a man of average  height and weight; yet in this film, in 2063 he is a tall man (as he is  taller than Will Riker who is nearly six and a half feet in height) in his  late 50's to early 60's.<br />* The first human warp flight by Zefram Cochrane  was on March 15th, 2061, during which Cochrane traveled to the Alpha  Centuri system, stayed a few days and did some surveying and then returned  to Earth.  (Thus, going to April 4th and 5th of 2063 is going to be over  two years after the event.  Also, the event depicted with Cochrane not  going to Alpha Centuri and istead looping around the solar system is  inconsistent with Kirk-era history and thus inconsistent with that of the  Picard-era).<br />* Basic warp design used a matter-antimetter integrator  design and not a warp-core (which is technology that was not even invented  in the 23rd century).  (Hence, references to warp-cores are very likely  possibly to cause Cochrane to perhaps alter his designs and thus accelerate  the historic development of technology by at least 250 years and thereby  undermine the &quot;past&quot; that Picard and company are looking to  protect).<br />* Zefram Cochrane had no assistant named Lily Sloane.<br />*  Zefram Cochrane's warp ship research facility was not based out of a missle  complex in central Montana.<br />* Zepfram Cochrane's warp ship was not a  retro-fitted nuclear missile.<br />* By the 21st century, even during and in  the years after the third world war, space travel was common enough to have  technology that could detect vessels with the solar system.  (Hence, the  Enterprise-E remaining in orbit for over a day undetected is impossible.   Also, a Vulcan ship travewling through the solar system and not being  detected prior to the launch is not very likely either).  <br />According to  Star Trek:  The Next Generation:<br />* The Borg are a species with technology  that is far superior to those in the Federation.  They can assimilate an  entire vessel in a matter of hours, with or without computer control over  the consume material (as it will be consumed in any event).  (Understand  all the computer records have onb them are the personal files of the crew  and copies of Starfleet databases.  Thus, as exciting as accessing Picard's  captain's logs, the food suppliments Data feeds Spot, and so forth, and the  database files that have transpired since at worst the assimilation of  Ivore Prime, the Borg are unlikely to be halted because of a lack of access  to them.  They don't need computer control of navagation, weapons, etc., as  they will be ripping those systems appart and installing Borg technology  instead anyway, using the matter from the materials to contruct them in the  same way they use the physical bodies of crew via direct assimilation,  hyper-fertilization, and cloning to create more Borg).<br />* Borg cubes are  decentralized.  There is no propulsion system, weapons array, etc., like on  most ships.  To this end, Borg cubes can not be disabled easily.  Afterall,  in &quot;best of Both Worlds&quot;, the Borg cube took on an entire fleet  of 40 ships and emerged undamaged, having totally destroyed all opposing  ships, killing all of their crews (except Sisko, Jake, and a few that  escaped).  (Thus, a fleet of Federation ships could not destroy a Borg cube  by centralizing their fire on a specific point of the cube which is somehow  going to damage a centralized system which will in turn cause the Borg cube  to explode).<br />* The Borg have transwarp technology, and thus can outrun  any ship from any established race in the Alpha or  Beta quadrants.<br />*  &quot;Best of Both Worlds&quot; took place in the final days of December of  2366 and first days of January of 2367.  (Thus, &quot;First Contact&quot;  circa mid November 2373 is nearly 7 years post that episode and not nearly  6).<br />* Borg life signs can not be detected with sensors as they do not  organically register and are considered collectively like restistors in a  machine rather than like individual parts.<br />* Earth is at least a day or  so from the Romulan Neutral Zone.  (Thus, for the Enterprise-E to warp from  the Romulan Neutral Zone to Earth in a matter of a few minutes is  impossible.  And if it took them a few days, they would have gotten to  Earth to find the fleet overrun and Earth assimilated and not have been  able to join the on-going battle). <br />* The Sovereign-class vessel is one  of 24 decks. (Not 26).<br />* The Borg Collective extends all the way to the  Central Node on the Borg homeworld Delta Quadrant.  (Thus, no interplexing  beacon is needed to call for reinforcements.  The Borg can just want it and  they reinforcements will come within at worst a few hours.  As a matter of  fact, the instant they entered the 21st century, the Borg of the era knew  about it.  This is even confirmed by an episode of Voyager). <br />According  to Star Trek: Deep Space Nine:<br />* Deep Space Nine and the Defiant are  based some weeks away from Earth at maximum warp.  (Therefore, assigning  the Defiant to a combat mission against the Borg at Earth and the Typhon  system is foolish in a waste of resources, especially when the Defiant is  the only ship between the Dominion and Alpha Quadrant.  It is also quite  impossible as the events that lead to the battle seemingly occur in a  matter of days and not weeks).<br />* Benjamin L. Sisko is the commanding  officer of the Defiant.  Occasionally, he sends the Definat out on a  mission without him, but never without a few of his command staff on board.   (Thus, Worf theorically could have commanded the Defiant on a mission to  confront the Borg cube, assuming Sisko didn't go, yet he would have had  with him a few among Kira, Dax, O'Brien, Bashir, Odo, Nog, Rom, etc.).<br />As  Voyager rarely is even self-consistent, I won't even bother approaching  discontinuities with that series (as they are no doubt due to weaknesses in  that series and not this film).<br />This film boasts the great Ahab conflict,  which has been visted too many times in too many films.  It worked once  with Kirk in &quot;Obsession&quot;; it worked well with Sisko and the need  to catch a traitor on DS9; but, Picard is not the same sort of character as  those two and thus it doesn't work at all here.  As this is the only real  sociological commentary that this film possesses (aside from a brushing on  the overdetermination of historical figures in the B-story), the film fails  in maintaining the enlightening ideology of Star Trek.  <br />In conclusion,  &quot;Star Trek: First Contact&quot; is a film that successfully entertains  audiences, yet hardly works from a narrative persepctive.  It has to  violate may canon conventions of Trek to establish its action and drama.   While it is visually captivating and stirring, the plot is weak and, as  common with Berman ventures, the saga continuity is ignored.  The film  earns high ranks for visual effects and an opening few minutes thatdraws  you in to the weaker remaining hour and 35 minutes.
B00003CWRX|5.0|&quot;The Insider&quot; is by far, the best motion picture of1999. It focuses on the lives of Dr. Jeffrey Wigand (Russell Crowe),vice president in charge of research for Brown &amp; Williamson Tobacco, and Lowell Bergman (Al Pacino), a veteran producer for the much-respected &quot;60 Minutes&quot; CBS news magazine. Recently fired from his cushy 6 figure job, Wigand soon faces the dilemma of whether or not to violate his confidentiality agreement and expose the disturbing truth about cigarettes, or to keep silent and protect his family.  Bergman, meanwhile, must try to coax the story out of Wigand, while protecting him and sidestepping legal snaffus which arrise and fighting to get his piece aired.  &quot;The Insider&quot; features top-notch performances from its cast, top to bottom, particularly from Crowe, as the brave yet terrified Wigand. Director Michael Mann keeps the story moving and keeps his audience interested throughout- not an easy task for a 3 hour movie. What really enhanced my enjoyment of this movie was the terrific hand-held cinematography by Dante Spinotti. His camera is often perched over Wigand's shoulder, and we as an audience feel as if we are right there with him as he franticly searches for the answers.  I suppose a lot of people avoided this movie at the box office due to its length and its subject matter-and its their loss. If you like the movies with explosions and gunfights then rent something else. If you like an engrossing, thought-provoking movie with terrific performances, then &quot;The Insider&quot; is the movie for you.
B00000I07P|5.0|There is no other album from the decade that defines it better then this one.  Bon Jovi started the invasion of heavy metal into mainstream pop culture with perenial favorites &quot;Livin' on a Prayer&quot;, &quot;You  Give Love a Bad Name&quot;, and &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive.&quot;  The  beauty of the decade and this album, is that they were all about having  fun. This is something that was missing during the 90's; an era of &quot;we  hate the world&quot; rock.  If you have noticed that music like this has  come back into style over the past year, and are curious but don't know  where to start, look no further, this is ground zero.
6303908306|5.0|This was THE outstanding movie of 1995 and recommend for anybody to see it. It is remenicent of a Tarnatino flick - in fact it is better than anything he has ever done. It makes brilliant use of its complicated plot  and characterisations with exceptional style. Everybody excels to powerful  and utterly convincing performances. Kevin Spacey of which was the most  impressive playing the crippled suspect and thoroughly deserving his best  supporting actor oscar. The pace is electrifying and the direction slick by  Brian Synger. It keeps you gripped right until the end when you can only  moan to yourself, it was him all along. Interesting, original, gripping,  slick - this one soars.
0783219598|2.0|This film, which was nominated for the Best Picture Oscar in 1995, is fabulous, on both the DVD and DVD-DTS versions now available.<br />But why in the world would Universal Home Video take one of its golden movies from  its great library and slap it onto a DVD in a full aspect ratio (TV Land)  format?  The video and audio quality are terrific.  Otherwise, the  &quot;no-widescreen&quot; decision doesn't make sense at all.<br />Is this a  &quot;trend&quot; adopted by some home video divisions at the studios in  California to accommodate the still larger group of non-purists who prefer  seeing movies in the dumb pan and scan or what I laughably call the  &quot;HBO format?&quot;<br />Go over to AMC and Turner Classic Movies on  cable and the trend over there, for people who are movie purists, is in a  completely opposite direction.  More of their films are being shown on  cable in the widescreen format.<br />&quot;Babe&quot; is the second major  crtically acclaimed Universal studio release on DVD that is being offered  without the widescreen format.  The other, and you'll choke on this when  you hear this, is &quot;The Sting,&quot; the intricate &quot;con&quot; film  that WON the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1973.<br />Even more puzzling  is Universal Studio's decision to release the sequel, &quot;Babe: A Pig in  the City,&quot; which was little seen in theaters, in full widescreen  format on DVD.<br />Why widescreen on one and not the other?  I could  understand it if the studio released information indicating to consumers  that the awful 1:33:1 aspect ratio (the 35mm norm for nearly all films  released in the United States before 1953) was the original theatrical  issue, but I don't believe this was the case for 1995's masterful  &quot;Babe.&quot;<br />Another atrocious miscue by another company, is being  commited by Fox Video for its DVD version of Alan Parker's gloriously  intoxicating film, &quot;The Commitments,&quot; another film that deserves  the widescreen treatment and not crummy pan and scan.<br />Please, fellow  Amazonians out there, get on the bandwagon and clamor for the studios, at  the very least, to offer both formats on DVD, and not one at the exclusion  of the other!  This is the way most of the major DVD releases are done  right now anyway (widescreen on side A and pan and scan on side B).<br />Perhaps Universal's handling of &quot;Babe&quot; was to cater to the  &quot;kiddie crowd.&quot;  But that's insulting if the film's popularity  hadn't crossed over to adults, it wouldn't have made as much money as it  did and just as important, it would not have been nominated for Best  Picture in 1995.<br />But the lack of a widescreen DVD for &quot;Babe&quot;  is truly, truly a puzzle, a riddle, a baffling decision by Universal.  I  can think of no acceptable explanation other than they didn't want to spend  the money to treat one of its gems on DVD the way it treated it for the  currently available widescreen version of &quot;The Sting&quot; on VHS.  Does anyone at Universal/MCA at Universal City, California have an answer  that makes sense?<br />This is truly a travesty for DVD fans!s  the widescreen treatment and not crummy pan and scan. <br />Please, fellow  Amazonians out there, get on the bandwagon and clamor for the studios, at  the very least, to offer both formats on DVD, and not one at the exclusion  of the other!  This is the way most of the major DVD releases are done  right now anyway (widescreen on side A and pan and scan on side B).   <br />Perhaps Universal's handling of &quot;Babe&quot; was to cater to the  &quot;kiddie crowd.&quot;  But that's insulting if the film's popularity  hadn't crossed over to adults, it wouldn't have made as much money as it  did and just as important, it would not have been nominated for Best  Picture in 1995.  <br />But the lack of a widescreen DVD for &quot;Babe&quot;  is truly, truly a puzzle, a riddle, a baffling decision by Universal.  I  can think of no acceptable explanation other than they didn't want to spend  the money to treat one of its gems on DVD the way it treated it for the  currently available widescreen version of &quot;The Sting&quot; on VHS.   Does anyone at Universal/MCA at Universal City, California have an answer  that makes sense?<br />This is truly a travesty for DVD fans!
B00000292K|1.0|It's probably the worst thing Miles has ever made.  It's TERRIBLY BORING! On the corner has no sense from the beginning to the end.
6305696071|4.0|Garry Marshall is the true star of &quot;Pretty Woman&quot;, a fact that only comes out if you buy the DVD and listen to his witty and insightful commentary on the side track. Starring Julia Roberts in her  career-inspiring role as Vivian, and a stalwart Richard Gere looking more  handsome than ever as stuffy but approachable Edward, this vehicle made  these two stars shine in the heavens. The trick to their magic was Garry  Marshall's directing, and his philosophy of making the stars look their  very best. And he succeeded. Sure, this movie is predictable and campy, but  buying the storyline isn't required to fully enjoy this charming classic.  Thumbs up to &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; on DVD.<br />DVD owners: make sure you  listen to Garry Marshall's commentary. I guarantee you will be laughing at  some parts, and notice things you never have noticed before!
1573226521|2.0|The Beach is certainly an impressive effort for a young man still in his twenties. I can certainly understand the ecstatic reviews - especially from the younger readers - readers still void of real life experience. <br />The  story line however, is sadly reminiscent of the pop reality of the late  sixties with all the same ingredients, youth throwing off the shackles of  responsibility, unlimited drugs, and adventure in an exotic land. This read  will have a special appeal  for the feminine gender with its copious doses  of love and affection, although the contrived relationships are base and  deceitful in their entirety. <br />I look forward to Garland's further efforts  as he becomes more seasoned and begins to write for a broader and more  mature audience.
6305603847|5.0|Did you like this? Have you seen it? Does it frighten you? Is there anybody out there?<br />This is one of the most stunning films you can imagine. It has the visual intensity and strong statements that make films  like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas or Natural Born Killers wonderful, but  it is put to a score full of passion. Unlike those movies, this is a very  introspective and personal journey that many people are uncomfortable  making.<br />I put this movie on expecting to find a decent film with  wonderful music, and it turned out that the cinematography is just as  strong as the music. This movie is very intense, and it is not just an  album put to pictures, it is a message put to film and magnificently  scored, the fact that the music was on a Floyd album is pretty much  incidental.<br />If you have resisted watching this movie because you are not  a big Floyd fan, put your prejudices aside and give it a shot, else: all in  all your just a-nother brick in the wall.....
0684872153|4.0|Surprisingly straightforward writing style takes you into this complex view of Irish caricatures and into the author's own maturation. Extremely sad events but you frequently will be laughing out loud during many a  heartbreaking episode. Although written with raw honesty, the narrator  (McCourt) is the only character I really cared for. You see his warts and  others, but end up being sympathetic to only his--but powerfully  sympathetic. Many chilling, dramatic images painted throughout the narrated  events--some wonderful language. Although very different from Joyce, I  would consider this style of stream-of-consciousness or phenomenological  writing to be more true to the inner experience than Joyce. Maybe you will  see this when you read it. Overall, amazing in the way that it gives you  insight into &quot;the human experience.&quot; I think this eventually may  be a classic in this category.
0833503472|5.0|The book's message--sometimes what is best for you is right before your eyes.  This book teaches basic information about frogs and fish.  It has beautiful colors which captivate the children's imagination and interest.   Thoughtfully and creatively written, one of my favorite Leo Lionni books.   This is a book which captivates the interest of chldren of all ages.  My  pre-school age children love this book, as does the elementary age children  in my classroom.
0553278398|5.0|Most people who have reviewed this book have read the other Foundation books before this, but the book is ABSOLUTELY awesome when read after reading the Caves of Steel, The Naked Sun, The Robots of Dawn, and Robots  and Empire..in fact, i think it reading these 4 first makes the book more  enjoyable because one knows of the past which Hari Seldon is searching for  and there's the reunion with an old friend.  But either way, Asimov is such  a master that his books are wonderful in any order!
B0000296SI|5.0|--::--::-BliNk182's CD is good.  I got the edited version, and it's good because it takes out certain words(oh my virgin ears)... but if you are the kind of person that likes those words then buy the unedited version.  I  also think that Blink182 are cool cause their songs are creative and they  are sooo funny.  Also, when u get the CD, put it in your computer cause  theres a video on it.--::--::-
6305426651|5.0|I saw this movie at the dollar theatre and I loved it!  The WWII Holocaust was a dreadful time and I'm glad I didn't have to experience it 1st hand.  You can't help but love Roberto Begnini's character with his love for life,  his son, and the lovely schoolteacher he woos over.  Best of all, even when  he has seen the worst, he never loses heart!  His unselfish protection and  cheerful spirit remain an inspiration to his son!  I recommend the original  with subtitles since I'm a purist about things like that!  Bravo, Roberto,  and thanks for doing such a great job with both acting and directing!
6304140428|1.0|I've never heard a bad word about this movie.  After renting it the other night, I still do not understand what it means.  Four people get drunk and mumble all night.  Maybe this was a breakthough in cinematography in 1966,  but by 2000, what's the deal?  Maybe I don't understand because I'm 26.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I thought that Blink 182 made a great comeback to the music world with Enema of the State. They have lots of new songs and All the small things. I reccomend this CD highly. If you like punk music you should really buy  this. Anyone who says they've changed since their last CD is definately  wrong. In conclusion, I thought that this was the best of Blink 182
0136879721|5.0|Let me tell you that this is the best book I have ever read and quite literally saved me life. Two years ago I pondered a simple question. Why were some people happy while I was so miserable? I got an account with amazon.com and ordered all the books I could to find to answer the question  and I stumbled upon this book. I read it then and thought, 'yeah right this  can't possibly be true.' I just could not believe that you could create  your destiny with your thoughts. I thought that the book was ludicrous and  a waste of time, so I put it down. <br />About 6 months afterward I picked up  with an open mind. This time I practiced the techniques just to see what  would happen. My first goal was to become more confident. Through a  disciplined program of visualization and autosuggestion I accomplished the  goal. The strange thing was that I didn't even realize it was happening  because the subconscious mind is so subtle. One day while I was around a  lot of people I stopped for a minute and thought, 'Why aren't I nervous?'  My confidence problem disappeared right there. Then I began working on  different goals one of which was overcoming a fear I had and the techniques  worked perfectly again. This is when I really began to believe that there  was something to this stuff. Once you realize that anything you could ever  want in your life you can get, you are just filled with a mystical sense of  awe. The only drawback to this is the difficulty required. I can tell you  now that I still am not completely changed. It takes a lot of time and  discipline to change your mental patterns, but everyday you just need to  keep believing and doing the techniques. It's easy to lose faith and think  it's not working, but all you need is that first success and you will be a  believer. Start small and then work your way up to bigger goals and  everything around you will fall into place. The last thing I want to say is  that you need to truly DESIRE to change. It won't be easy, but 'keep on  until day breaks and the shadows flee away...'<br />Good luck and Peace.
0786885246|4.0|&quot;The nonsense and folly of people's stepping out of their rank and trying to appear above themselves, makes me think it right to give you a hint Fanny, now that you are going into company without any of us.&quot;  Fanny's Aunt Norris said this and it resembles how Fanny was treated when  she first moved from her low-classed home, to her uncle's high classed  home.  Because of this, Fanny was mistreated and looked down upon by most  for a great deal of the book, until a few finally saw what a wonderful  person she was, and the views of her family members slowly began to change.  The story takes place in England during the Victorian age.  Fanny is a  ten-year-old girl that goes to live with her uncle, and aunt, and cousins.  Fanny spends the whole story trying to live up to the standards that have  been produced for her at her new home at Mansfield Park.  Because she went  from a lower classed home to a higher classed home, she had to learn the  ways of a high classed young lady, which entitled her becoming educated,  learning to be a proper lady, and learning proper manners and class.  Fanny  spends the novel seeking happiness and love, which she had been missing  throughout her life. Austen does a wonderful job of making it a point that  a person that was not born in a low classed family could experience as  much, if not more happiness as one that was born into a high classed  family.  Fanny had two female cousins, Julia and Maria, who were both  somewhat cruel to her when they were younger.  They looked down on Fanny,  as if she did not deserve to live in the house as them.  They did not feel  that Fanny would ever have the chance to experience the love and happiness  that they were to experience because she was of a lower social class.  However in the end, Fanny found the most happiness of all, and Maria had  done something that was unacceptable of such a high classed young woman,  and was never to have respect of dignity again.  Austen wrote this  novel beautifully in a way that many could enjoy it, however there are some  objections.  There are times in the novel when Austen goes into great  detail, which you might find unnecessary at first, however she does this  for a reason.  The information that is given to you is always important,  because an author doesn't write anything for no reason, there is always a  purpose.  These details are crucial in making everything fit together in  the end, which Austen does very well.  Also, the characters get very  confusing at times, and paying attention to the details will make it a lot  easier to understand.  To overcome these difficulties, just keep in mind  that if you skim past the details, the best part of the book will have been  lost.  The names of the characters get confusing at times, so to keep from  the confusion, write down all the characters and their full names and who  they are married to.  This will give you a good reference to look at.  Austen does a wonderful job of making Fanny make somewhat of a difference  in everyone's life.  Fanny proved to everyone that happiness could be found  without doing what was socially expected of people.  She followed her heart  instead of doing what was expected of her, which brought her great  happiness.  She proved to people that happiness is about love, not what you  have or whom you are married to.  She became so happy because she grew up  in both and upper and lower classed homes, so she knows what both are like.  She was taught to enjoy what she had because it may be gone someday.
B00000DGUG|4.0|This album could never have satisfied the wide audience that the first album opened up.  Luckily Alanis doesn't try to satisfy everyone.  She writes intensely personal songs that succeed despite the lack of wide  market appeal.  For an example just listen to the song &quot;I was  Hoping&quot;.  It's just as angry as anything on her first album but a more  settled anger than before. The only complaint I can think of is that the  words are sometimes rattled off so fast you don't catch them the first  time, but then that gives you a chance to listen to the album again doesn't  it?
B00000064G|5.0|Frankly, I don't see why some folks who have been &quot;in the know&quot; about Nick Drake's music are bemoaning the use of &quot;Pink Moon&quot; in the VW commercial. If it has brought a renewed interest and fresh audience  to his work, kudos to VW for using the song in such an evocative manner.  &quot;Pink Moon&quot; is a haunting album, and it deserves the exposure to  a new generation curious about the simple, lasting strength of Drake's  talent.
630133454X|5.0|&quot;Dangerous Liasions&quot; is a welcome relief for those ofus who are exhausted of endlessly recycled storylines and remakes. Itwas original and captivating. My younger brothers HATE movies about the past, but they couldn't peel their eyes away from the screen. The story seems a bit slow in the beggining, but as it goes on, the characters capture you. It is as unpredictable and enchanting as it is honest and compelling. John Malckovich is extrodaniary in his role as Valmont. Glenn Close was wonderful as the beautiful yet cunning Marquise. And &quot;Cruel Intentions&quot; was an excellent and original remake of this classic.  &quot;Dangerous Liasions&quot; was a masterpiece!
B000002U9Y|4.0|Why oh why do Dark Side era Floyd fans feel the need to bash Syd and the early albums? We're talking about two different bands that happen to share the same name. The problem with Saucerful is that it has too much Syd for  these fans, and not enough Syd for Syd fans. Syd may have only 1 writing  credit on this album, but it is clear that Rick and Roger were trying to  keep in the Piper spirit with their compositions. I particularly like both  of Rick's contributions, but find &quot;Corporal Clegg&quot; to be a  well-intentioned misfire. And the lyrics to &quot;Let There Be More  Light&quot; are as bad as anything from the notoriously sloppy psychedelic  years. &quot;Jugband Blues&quot; is sloppy musically, but I find the lyrics  compelling, particularly during the plaintive guitar-strumming ending. Syd  fans, this one is worth it - our guy's presence is strong here.
0783240287|5.0|This video is spectacular.  It is as if you were at the theatre, but watching it from your comfortable couch.  Unlike other &quot;made for tv&quot; theatrical productions, there are no real special effects, rather  the theatrical props.<br />My twin 3 year old boys saw the play in the theatre  and were just as amazed by the video.<br />A Must rental!
B000002BYD|5.0|I find it interesting that as &quot;Pearl Jam's&quot; popularity subsides; their music just keeps getting better, and better. This is my personal favorite &quot;Pear Jam&quot; release. I own them all, but this one just  improves with each listening. It has such an even flow to it(no pun  intended). A few of the highlights are &quot;Faithfull&quot;,  &quot;WISHLIST&quot;, &quot;MFC&quot;, &quot;LOW LIGHT&quot;, and &quot;ALL  THOSE YESTERDAYS&quot;. Every song is worthy of mention though, and after  the obligatory pause..... they have added a little &quot;TANGO&quot; piece  at the very end of the disc which is GREAT! Musically, and lyrically this  disc proves once and for all that Pear Jam is a band with that special  something that seperates them from the pack. These young men have so much  talent; I look forward to hearing how they evolve in the next few years.  &quot;Yield&quot; is &quot;ROCK N' ROLL&quot; of the highest caliber, and  deserves your attention.
0312199066|5.0|The Last Man on the Moon provides a great read for anyone interested in the inside stories of the early NASA manned space program.  It's all here from the intense astronaut rivalries, to family difficulties, to the  harrowing stories of failures and work arounds.  These are the stories NASA  wouldn't release to the public including Cernan's near tragic spacewalk on  Gemini 9.  Written in a folksy and matter-of-fact style, it gives the  reader a feel for the enormity of these incredible accomplishments.
6304509154|5.0|Although I agree with the ratings given this movie, I think that a lot of reviews here have missed a few important things in the movie.  Mainly, the spirituality of the movie.        In one scene Diane is being lowered down  into the spiritual realm or unknown by her husband, holding on to the end  of the rope.  In some of the best dialouge and acting Ive ever seen in this  type of movie, Diane looks back and says &quot;STEVEN, DONT LET  GO&quot;!...When thinking about this scene, it really puts you IN the movie  and not just watching it.  Imagine how strong this woman was to trust her  husband to hold on to the rope that was dangling her into the unknown. Its  an extremely powerful scene. THIS WAS WHAT THE MOVIE WAS ALL ABOUT.  The  bond between the family members.     One scene immediately after this, is  when Diane gets her daughter and passed back to this world.  Its excellent,  because when they come through they are in a fetal position, and covered  with &quot;cervical&quot; fluid like they had been &quot;REBORN&quot;.   After this point in the movie also, Diane and her daughter Carol-Anne have  an &quot;air of innocence&quot; around them.  AGAIN brilliant acting, and  direction.     Another great scene, was when Tangina was explaining to  Diane exactly WHAT was after her daughter...Tangina says &quot;It liiiies  to her, It tells her things only a child can understand&quot;. &quot;To her  it is only a child, but to us it is THE BEAST&quot;.  The way this scene is  acted, is incredible.  And it really displays the strength of the dialouge.       If those few things have not wetted your appetite, then I dont know  what will, Just when you watch this film, dont watch it for the special  effects, or just to rate it, GET INTO IT, AND LOOK FOR THE UNDERLYING  MEANING, IT IS EVIDENT THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE MOVIE!
B00000JCOV|5.0|It is a great cd and it is really heavy. But it seems like they are starting to sell out. They already have their suits out to buy and have been on MTV, and are supposed to be coming out with SlipKnot figures.There  are much better bands like Dope. BUT dont let that stop you from getting  the cd its great although this is the re-released version, original is much  better.
B00003CWPR|3.0|What's real?  What's a dream?  That is the plot here.  The suspense built to a fever pitch, but sadly died off.   I've read some of the other reviews.  Look, some of these people need to get off their pretentious high  horse.  This movie is good, but let's not start over-doing this as a film  &quot;for people with brains&quot;
6303286542|4.0|It shows you all the great videos plus a bunch of behind the scenes stuff too.  Not to mention some skin from the Deamon of Screamin
6305181810|4.0|Matt Damon was a relative unknown when he was tapped to play the hero of &quot;The Rainmaker&quot;, based on a novel by John Grisham &amp; directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It was a twist of fate that launched Damon's  career and definitely lifted this movie. (Ironically, Matthew McConaughey  got his start the same way- being an unknown cast in a movie based on a  Grisham novel.)<br />The plot is a classic David-vs-Goliath story- fresh out  of law school Matt Damon sues an insurance company for denying treatment to  a family with cancer. Ultimately Damon triumphs- the righteous cause  succees and the system works. Damon is a major talent, as evidenced by his  performance in this film. He's shy, unsure of himself, but basically a good  person committed to doing what's right.<br />I wasn't too impressed by the  rest of the cast- Claire Danes is a talented actress but fails to shine  here. Danny DeVito is okay as Damon's law partner, and Jon Voight comes  across as a none-too-interesting arrogant villain. The rest of the cast?  Nobody stands out- this is Damon's show.<br />What impressed me about  &quot;The Rainmaker&quot; was its hard, unflinching portrayal of the legal  profession. A lawyer's life is not glamorous and does not necessarily  guarantee a huge paycheck. Those quick to criticize lawyers ought to take  some law courses before they open their mouths- the road to becoming a  lawyer is rough and a considerable commitment of both your time and  financial resources. Despite his law degree, Damon's financial picture at  the beginning of the film is decidedly precarious.<br />Watch &quot;The  Rainmaker&quot; along with &quot;A Civil Action&quot; and &quot;Erin  Brockovich&quot; to get a pretty good idea about the way the law works  &amp; how courts give the little people an avenue to even up with big shots  like corporations and insurance companies. Watch this movie in particular  to see a terrific performance from Matt Damon.
6304372620|5.0|Sleepers is the best movie that I have ever seen!
B000002UCQ|5.0|Having not listened to this album in several years this was a joy to listen to again.  You can't help but to be drawn into this album.  This has to be George's best album and one of my all time favorites.  The CD should  have lyrics like the original album did.  The sound quality of this CD  could be better, but it's not as bad as some of the reviews lead you to  believe.  Do yourself a favor and get this CD, you won't be disapointed.
1558908498|5.0|Oh yeah one more Clue--Where's Billy Loomis' mother?
B00004LN16|5.0|I'm not a big AC/DC fan. After seeing them on Saturday Night Live, they seemed like a very talented rock band. I purchased Stiff Up Lip, and I like it. The title track just blows you away. Angus and the boys take one step  further with Hold Me Back. This cd changed my mind about this band. Now I  got to get Razor's Edge and Ballbreaker.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead has come a long way since Pablo Honey. Infact the way looks even longer when you consider that they are nothing like any other british band out there, actually, they are not like any band out there. OK Computer  confirms that Radiohead wants nothing to do with Britpop. It is, probably,  Radioheads best album to date. It is brilliant, and a departure from other  huge mediocre UK bands such as Oasis. The album is full of heart a  complexity. This is not one of those &quot;so simple it's great&quot;, it  is just way to complex. Radiohead are arguably the most innovative and  creative band today.
B00003CWPR|1.0|What was Stanley thinking?  This could have been a darklycompelling film about the collision between marital intimacy andobsessive jealousy.  It was ruined by ponderous acting, a bloated and pedestrian script, and the most annoying incidental music ever inflicted on a movie score.  Kidman's hysterical overacting is like hearing fingernails scraped on a chalkboard.  But it's not entirely her fault; the dialogue is laughably stagey and unnatural, and much of it consists of characters parroting what has just been said.  Nothing about this film is crisp.  Rather, we are forced to watch excruciatingly drawn-out scenes.  For example, there is a scene where a hooker's roommate tells Bill (Cruise's character) that the hooker is HIV positive.  It goes something like this: Roommate: there's something I should tell you.  Bill: Something you should tell me? Roommate: I'm not sure I should... Bill: go ahead.  Roommate: maybe you should sit down.  Bill: what do you have to tell me?  Roommate: I don't know.  Maybe I shouldn't...  Bill: Just tell me.  Roommate: I know I should tell you, but ummmm....  Ad nauseum, until the audience wants to scream: &quot;Just tell him the information and get this scene over with!  With the exception of Sidney Pollack's acting, which is refreshingly natural, everyone in this film seems determined to let us know they're ACTING in capital letters.  Finally, that awful music. I'm talking about the repeatedly hammered note on the piano, intended to tell the audience that THIS IS A DRAMATIC MOMENT.  Instead, I started laughing every time I heard it.  Maybe if Kubrick had lived long enough to edit this monstrosity, it might have been better.  But as it is, he left behind a mess.
6304981635|5.0|I have seen this movie too many times to count, and am stillmezmerized by it every time I watch it. My favorite scenes are theopening fight scene at the temple, and the total humiliation of O'Hara. Lee glows in this movie, not really in a physical sense, but a spiritual one. The film also has some James Bond type of action, which blends in well with the script. Kelley, Saxon, and other supporting actors handle their roles well. The island added quite a bit of mystique to the movie, and personally, if it were filmed at another location, I don't think the film would have been as complete. There will never be another Bruce Lee, or another martial arts film of this caliber. Yes, there have been great films made since then, but never an equal to this one. This is a movie that every martial arts and action fan should have-I even bought extra copies to pass down to my children-sounds ridiculous to some, but I can show them what real martial arts films were about.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The great lyrics, with Darren Haye's beautiful voice and Daniel Jone's musical talent made this CD one of the best out there!  By far, Savage Garden is one of my all-time favorite music artists!  Go buy it!
6304308388|5.0|I usually get dragged into Shirley MacLaine movies kicking and screaming; that supposedly elfin charm of hers usually eludes me.  Because of this, I neglected to watch &quot;The Apartment&quot; for years.  All I can say  about that now is, &quot;Pardon me, Shirl, my mistake.&quot;  This movie is  a Wilder masterpiece and an absolute delight.  One of the best things about  it is that it shouldn't be funny; nearly everyone in it is a lying,  abusive, double-crossing lecher with a heart of solid tin.  There's  adultery, alcoholism, and a suicide attempt, too.  None of this would be  remotely funny in lesser hands than Wilder's, let alone heart-warming, but  the director manages this impossible feat handily.  It helps that the  central character, C.C. Baxter, is brought to life by Jack Lemmon; Lemmon's  performance is one of the rare times in film you forget you're watching a  star and genuinely believe in the character.  Fred McMurray plays against  type- amazingly well- as the slimy boss C.C. Baxter must please.  Shirley  MacLaine is, for once, the heartbreaking gamine she's cracked up to be.   The supporting cast is terrific- Jack Kruschen is great as C.C. Baxter's  next-door neighbor, a doctor.  Joan Shawlee is her usual howlingly funny  self as a floozy telephone operator, and Edie Adams gives herself over  completely to an unsparing portrait of a scheming secretary.  For my money,  the best bit in the film is when C.C. Baxter, who has a cold, has been  summoned to the boss' office for a talk that takes a VERY surprising turn.   The sniffling, sneezing Baxter forgets he's holding his nose spray, and  reflexively squeezes a six-foot stream of the stuff across the office.  The  film is richly detailled, with sets that blend seamlessly with the real New  York City locations used.  I spotted one inside joke in the movie- C.C.  Baxter gets his first real promotion and, therefore, his first real office  at the company.  Of course, Baxter's name is on his door; the door of the  next office says that T.W. Plews is the occupant.  The name is actually  that of Tom &quot;Limey&quot; Plews, prop master for this movie and  hundreds more.  This is one of the greats, and I can guarantee you won't be  disappointed.  There is one glitch in the video transfer you should know  about; the original theatrical trailer is included on it, and the print of  the trailer is absolutely terrible.  Fortunately, the film itself is just  fine.  BUY this one, don't rent it- you'll want to see it again and again!
6303921248|5.0|I really liked this movie. It was not at all hard to follow, like most Victorian period pieces are. Like my review title suggests, it is just as good as the book, which is a rare thing to find. <br />The first time my  father watched it, he was convinced that he would be unimpressed by it. But  we found him asking for more!<br />I read the book shortly after I had  finished watching it for about the fourth time--and I was not regretful.  Watching the movie before reading the book only made reading easier,  because I had clear images of the readers in my mind.<br />This movie was well  done and well directed. It had no home-movie style that I was expecting,  and it had a perfect cast. I would definitely recommend this movie.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Considering the film was made in 1982, and was only filmed on 16mm, Sam Raimi has worked wonders with cleaning it up. The picture quality is brilliant, the whole thing is bright and clear, and the only sign of grain  is in the main title. But apart from that, everything is superb, and its  only presented in 4:3 fullscreen. The sound is pretty good, but nothing  essentially special, but still better, and it contains two commentary  tracks, theatrical trailer, still gallery and 20 minutes of  behind-the-scenes fottage. Every fan has to have it.
0688170528|5.0|Jodi Picoult is an amazing writer. As I read this book, I felt like i was a part of the story. Her writing was so real that I felt like I was there, watching what was going on, feeling what Chris and Emily felt toward  eachother..Every emotion in this book comes through the pages and into your  heart. Everything that happens in this story hits home somehow whether its  the amazing bond of love between two people, the feeling of wanting to meet  our parents expectations, the confusion of whether you are making the right  decision or not, and many other trials and tribulations of everyday life.  This book is gripping, sad, beautiful and totally unforgettable. This book  has been with me on the NY subways, crossing the crazy NY streets (yes with  book open!) on lines at the grocery store and simply laying on my bed to  see what was going to happen next...and when i wasn't reading, it didnt  fail that I thought of Chris and wondered how he was doing, and I wondered  what Emily could have been feeling that she wanted to take her own  life.......This book is absolutely incredible (have i said it enough ?)It  is a story that will stay with you forever ! I happened to be reading a  very emotional part (When Chris and Emily were by the carousel with the gun  in hand) and I was sitting in a diner (my friend went to the ladies room  and i picked up the book ! ) well a really sad song came on, and reading  this book I had a huge lump in my throat, the same feeling I got when I saw  Titanic for the first time......Filled with emotion ( I maintained myself  from bawling in the diner!) I have to say, I cant wait until the movie  comes out !  JODI you are blessed with a talent for writing  ! <br />Jodi Picoult is now on the top of my list. I have already started  reading KEEPING FAITH.
B00001ODHJ|4.0|Ash is back. This time he has to battle the evil dead in medieval times as he quests for the Necronomicon, the book of the dead, so he can get home. Cleverly scripted and imaginatevly directed, with some quite amusing  wise-cracks and creative costumes. This DVD edition is THX mastered, so he  quality is crispy and clear, and  some of the sound effects will rock your  living room. It also contains the orginal ending which is very grim and  kind of spooky, the theatrical trailer, a documentary on the special  effects department which is very interesting, and talent bios which are  very radable. Above all, a worthy DVD disk that well worth your money.
B000008H1R|5.0|This was the first Tull album I ever heard, back when I was..er..12 or so.  I can remember the magic of that moment, and when I hear it now, it all comes back.  Tull has been a fave of mine for years, and this was the  recording that started it all.  Mind you, some of the tracks have aged and  sound rather odd by 'todays standards', however so has a lot of other music  and I give 'Benefit' some leeway on this.  It was the great precursor to  their huge commercial break (Aqualung, of course), and really captures  their intensity and talent in a way that Aqualung doesn't. Tull fans MUST  get it, and any fan of the 70's Tull sound must add it today!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is simply an incredible movie. It deals with society in a whole new light. That the government is really not as good as portrayed, but that they are the evil ones, out to get us. The movie is about a computer  program, or dimension where life itself is controlled from. It tells us  that where we live right now is just a shell of the real life where only  few of us can go. It is action packed, full of guns, although not bloody,  and very suspenseful. The DVD is even sharper and more high tech than the  VHS. This movie is the definition of sci-fi thriller, and believe me, you  will be thrilled.
B000007MVX|5.0|This recording is all sides of Tull.  Despite the lingering criticism of this work, even Ian says that this is probably one of Tull's best works.  I love the fact that this work takes you on a journey from start to finish  (something few musical artists of the today can even fathom). From  renaissance (neo-classical) stuff to out and out rock (and Ian's admirable  go at the sax!), A Passion Play is simply one of Tull's best.  Once you can  get over the 'Hare and spectacles' thing they decided to put in (probably  after a long nite at the pub), this is one solid recording that is easily  better crafted than it's predecessor 'concept' album (Thick as a Brick).
B00000J2KX|5.0|Wow, what can I say? Stanley Kubrick was a genius, for onething. He created something that no other director could have donewith such a great book in the first place. Rent this movie, then buy it, then frame it.  END
B00000064G|5.0|This is the first Nick Drake album that I bought, and  then I bought Five Leaves Left . I made a mistake buying this one first because Five Leaves Left pales in comparison to this one.
B000002C1Z|5.0|While it may be true that Roger Waters' songwriting ability truly shone in The Wall, David Gilmour's guitar playing on this album is absolutely staggering. This CD truly shows off the highly underrated ability of  Gilmour, as well as the drumming skills of Nick Mason and the keyboarding  ability of Rick Wright. It is a heavily guitar-dependent album, so even  those who find Floyd too spacy (crazy though you are) will enjoy this. It  is their greatest album, but is often forgotten in the name of The Wall and  Dark Side. If you buy this, you won't regret it.
0671015206|3.0|Although the book was somewhat interesting to read I did have several questions.  First I was curious as to why there were no accounts listed for African or African-American households in the chart about the ethnic  breakdown of millionaires.  That in itself made me wonder exactly how  thorough the research actually was for the book.  They could not have  interviewed a good number of millionaires if they did not include those of  African descent.  Second, although I understand that frugality is key I  have to wonder if perhaps some of those millionaires have complexes about  money.  There is no excuse for pinching pennies when you can afford to live  a little better.  I am not saying that anyone should be spenthrift, but I  don't see what is wrong with splurging once in a while.  What exactly are  they going to do with the money they have accumulated?  Just sit on it.   Yes knowing you ahve financial independence is great, but all your hard  work will go to waste if you don't enjoy at least SOME of the money.   Still, there were some very useful tips.  However, I dare say that I refuse  to be miserly just to attain a million dollars.   I think my problem is  that there does not seem to be a very good balance presented in the book.
0783204914|5.0|If you like Al Pacino, here is his Lt. Col. Frank Slade for you. An engrossing performance, which you can enjoy more than once; a study on dispair, redemption, class and the pleasures of life. Here is Philip  Seymour Hoffman eight years before he becomes THE hot actor in a wonderful  performance. The Al Pacino/Gabrielle Anwar tango is worth the price of the  movie. Get it and join Charlie Simms in a coming of life adventure you  won't forget. Lot's of nice touches and good character acting.
B000002C1X|5.0|This is quite possibly the most wierd and psychadellic album I have ever heard. There is nothing quite like it. Pink Floyd has a sound all his own. I agree with him when he says &quot;we don't need no education, teachers  leave them kids alone&quot;
B00000J7S8|1.0|This album is proof that anyone with a photogenic face, average vocals, and semi-professional jazz skills can get a record deal.  It amazes me that most of the people who listen to this junk have no idea that other artists  have recorded these songs in a far more brilliant manner.  This is jazz for  the masses.  The kind of people who light a candle, sip on some Merlot, and  put in a Krall CD and somehow think that they can get some kind of  fulfillment from this in their boring empty lives.
6303314015|5.0|Fantastic! It teaches young children and adults the cruel world in which we live in such an artistic and fabulous way. Children can understand the tradegies of life, perhaps a little easier when it is depicted with  animated characters that they can relate with. Hooray!
0679441018|5.0|I've read the entire Vampire Chronicles, including the newer ones and The New Tales of the Vampire, and of all, past and present, Memnoch the Devil has been my favourite. Taking place on a cosmic scale (Heaven, Earth,  Hell), the story is very Miltonesque. The character of Memnoch is as easy  to become entranced with as Lestat. Rice brings a whole new area into the  Vampire Chronicles by dabbling in the Christian mythology, one which  demonstrates new emotions in our favourite characters and at the same time  lends a new vunerablility to them. I recommend this for anyone to whom the  Vampire Chronicles appeal to on a more emotional level, as opposed to the  fantastic, though I feel this story satisfies both those aspects.
6305531374|4.0|For those of us who have followed the Halloween movies from the beginning, let me offer a little advice to those who have not. Watch Halloween, Halloween 2 and H20, and don't even bother to watch any of the poorly made,  low budget sequels that were made inbetween. Usually,they stray from the  original plot and try to &quot;out do&quot; or &quot;out gross&quot; the  previous attempt, and in the end they make a mockery out of the series.  That's why I was so pleased with H20. A little dissapointed too, but still  pleased. Although the director picked up where #2 left off (thank god), he  also  falls into what I refer to as &quot;The scream theme.&quot;   What I  mean by that is, he adds too many newer, qualities of today's film making  into movie. Laurie's messy headed son (the kid from The Faculty, I forget  his name, and LL Cool J (Cool J is cool, but he's no actor), when he should  have gone back to Carpenter's style of having unknowns in those parts, to  give a sense of newness to the film. Other than that, I think it was a  sincere attempt to give the Micheal Myers legacy it's respect back. Worth  adding to the collection.
B0000029DD|5.0|This is an album of such immense beauty that words will find it hard to do justice. It will make the hairs stand up at the back of your neck, and you will find yourself being drawn in by the ethereal vocals of Jeff Buckley.  It is a very emotional album, and it is very difficuly not to be moved by  the haunting lyrics. You will find it difficult to understand how you lived  without it,once you buy it!
0792841344|4.0|A cult classic! You definately have to be a Phan-fan, because I don't believe that many people that are just seeing it for the first time are going to see the true lure of Phantasm films. A slice of personal  philosophy...do not take the word of a film critic who is paid to be one. I   realized this when I saw Siskel and Ebert give Yentel two thumbs up, and  Hellraiser 2 two thumbs down. Anyway, you know the old saying about  opinions...
630575067X|5.0|People, wake up and smell the coffee.  I'm sick and tired ofpeople criticizing every aspect of TPM.  And you know why they do?Because we're all growing up.  <br />Think about it.  When you first fell in love with Star Wars.  You were young, a kid, it was the coolest thing!  It captivated you and made time stand still for those 2 hours. Because it *WAS* timeless.  That's just how Star Wars is.  <br />Now all of us Star Wars fans are older, and more conscious of ourselves.  We don't let ourselves be carried away like we were when we were kids. And that is why people of this generation are bashing the Phantom Menace.  Because they can't just sit and enjoy it and be mesmerized by it, and watch with wide eyes like they did when they were kids.  They can't let themselves go to a galaxy far, far away again.  They have to nit-pick it, analyze it, and find every little detail that's wrong with it.  People, Star Wars is entertainment!  And the best entertainment there is!  Look at all the young people that have become Star Wars fans because of Episode I.  That was you 16 years ago! Think about it.  <br />And next time you watch the Phantom Menace, forget about everything else and LET yourself feel like a kid again.  How bad can letting your conscience go for 2 hours be?  Just enjoy it like you did 16 years ago.  The difference is timeless.
B00003CXBK|3.0|Speaking about content, this movie is literally the best I haveever seen in my whole life.  This includes anime and American movies.It is the most well-rounded film I've seen; the characters are great, the plot is stunning, and the movie stays with you long after you see it.  If I were to rate the movie, I'd give it 1,000,000+ stars.<br />However, the English dubbed voices, as usual, were terrible. The beautiful original japanese acting should never be destroyed so brutally.  The fact that the acting in this movie brought my rating from 1,000,000 to 3 should show something.  Releasing a movie on DVD gives the opportunity to present the movie in many languages, but this opportunity wasn't taken.  This DVD not including a Japanese form is the very reason why I will not buy it, and one of the many reasons why I shun Disney.
B00000DLUV|3.0|I Really Respect The Bee Gees they have made some very Important Music Period but this set only Reflects the Hits and a Certain time period Mainly The Saturday Night Fever era.They Sound The Sound&amp;the Music was  Produced directly at the Mainstream Crowd.so it's Pretty Good but I Prefer  The Studio Versions Better.
0679805273|5.0|I received this book when I was 18 years old, as a high school graduation gift.  It touched me and rang so truthfully.  I am now reading it again as a sophomore in college, preparing for junior year, and it still has deep  meaning.  I'M planning on  giving it as a gift to my friends who are  graduating college.  this book is a wonderful gift to anyone, ANY AGE.
B000001FQI|4.0|I used to dig Tears For Fears.this Disc is Good but not as Good to me as Songs from  the Big Chair.still Woman in Chains with Oleta Adams is a Great Track.also I Dug The Beatles Influenced Sowing The seeds Of Love.The  Musicianship&amp;vocals were solid on this disc.
B000002LAB|2.0|this album was just going thru the motions very Uninspired Material.You would think with the Minds of George Duke&amp;Marcus Miller that this would have Funkier&amp;with more Adventure you would be wrong.this album never  really kicks in.His Playing is really the only thing that Kinda saves  it.and that isn't in it's strongest form either.and you can't go by no  Grammys to Hear a Classic Album cuz Marvin Gaye's What's GOing On didn't  win a Damn Thang but it is COnsidered a Must Have.The Awards were pay Back  for his Grand Career cuz they never get it RIght that often.it happen this  past year to Miles Buddy Carlos Santana who got all those awards with a  Lame Album.so don't go by Award shows for Quality.this is not a Happening  Album.
B00000JCB2|3.0|I first heard nookie and couldnt get the hook out of my head for months,so i bought the cd,i played it nonstop for about 1 month and tripped on x while driving and the music took me out there.I still aint came back.But  after a while,i got tired of hearing this guy wine about his girl  problems.I sometimes wanted to drive off a cliff.So i popped in Too $horts  cd to bring me back to reality.But its worth the money
B00000JCB2|2.0|when i first got this cd, i listened to it a lot.  but then, after a while, i really started to hate it.  and if you think about it, it's just rap rock.  it gets old too fast.  buy something heavier and just plain  better like KORN, COAL CHAMBER, or SLIPKNOT.  i'd pass on this one.
B000009ED0|5.0|to me this sht is tight.I can almost garantee i was the first to buy this album in probably the whole world.I went in the record store on the release date and only 1 cd was on the shelf. I put it in the cd player of my  car,and from the 1st track it was wangin all the way through.I became a fan  of kidrocks in 90'and i remember one track called &quot;pimp of the  nation&quot;.on that song,kid,said watch one day ill be pimp of the  nation,and that day has come.10 years later.Nobody can touch the music or  style.And the cool thing is ,is kidrock hasnt changed his style since 1990.  Maybe because every great artist is ahead of there time,and make time  change for them.But all and all the cd is best of year.Also,try finding  early mornin stoned pimp.VERY sweet,maybe better than &quot;devil w/o a  cause.
1573950009|4.0|it is the story of two guy,Lennie and Georges.Lennie is a bit slow and keeps following Georges. The last scene made me cry a lot because at the end Lennie ain't gonna pet no rabbits...like he wanted to so much... :( I  cried, and i cried and i cried ...i couldn't stop crying for three days so  i have seen a doctor, and then i made him cry too.. you have to read this  absolutely great book but don't forget your tissues..
0783226837|5.0|I think it's very good movie because it's different from other movies.
6303421563|5.0|Must see movie! A hitman (Jean Reno) saves the life of a young girl (Natalie Portman) and the two form a special if not unlikely bond. Gary Oldman is messed up and great at it as usual :-)). This movie has it all.  Great acting, cool story line, it is funny at times and sad aswell.  Our  teen and pre-teen both love this movie and we have watched it many times  since I bought it (about 3 years ago I think). I highly recommend this one!
B0000057C5|5.0|Okay, for those of you out there that are scared to try new and exciting things, this one's for you. A few of your out there may be deterred by the front cover, or the fact that they're German Rob Zombie look-alikes. The  lyrics aren't that bad, unless you don't like Beck. The truth is that the  direct translations don't make much sence, and that's not because of the  language barrier. It's because they're German. My personal recommendation  is that if you don't know German and are too lazy to look for translations,  buy this for the music(which closely resembles Gravity Kills). If you know  German, have a good time trying to figure out what the heck these guys are  trying to say.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie was a visionary treat, and had excellent special effects.  I highly recommend it  for purchase and viewing.
0385486804|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. It is one of those books that makes you think. It is not only a very well written documentary written in such a way that it doesn't feel like you are reading a documentary at all but it feels like  you are reading a mysterious and quite scary story actually.  A young man  from a wealthy family who leaves all of his belongings and all of his life  behind and takes off to the wilderness of Alaska to find his own life but  four months later he is found dead.  This book makes you read between the  lines and think about why the main character really did what he did.  I  really like the way how each chapter starts with a couple of lines or a  paragraph by another writer that describes what is happening in the book or  why someone did what they just did.
0140434267|5.0|I am a little anxious about clasics because they includes a lot of detailed descriptions which I can't give myself easily and their language are hard to fallow  whos native language is not English....EXCEPT JANE  AUSTEN's... She is marvelous, funny and kept you suspicious at the end.  Although her language is hard to me , I like it very much. Luckily I have  seen the BBC series of it ,then I decided to read it... How fortunate I am  for that decision, it is captivated me from the first page ... recommend to  everyone who loves 19th century stories...
0375703764|2.0|A rather interesting little story has been buried under enough post-modern trickery to ensure high-school study halls will be abuzz for years.  Danielewski goes out of his way to be very very very very very innovative  and daring, and ultimately just gets rather tiresome and dull.<br />This has  all been done before, and done better, by writers from Stephen King to  Alasdair Gray to Edgar Allan Poe to Shirley Jackson to Jorge Luis Borges.   I can't fault Danielewski on ambition, just on execution.  <br />Ultimately,  some cool things, but not enough to save a book that sinks under its own  postmodern post-literary weight.
630575067X|5.0|I went to see this movie 5 times, each time i saw it I found myself thinking that I couldn't wait until it came out on video. I don't know about anyone else but I really think george lucas had the right idea.
B00000064G|5.0|Perhaps it's a shame that this album had to gain wider acceptance through the tv spot.  But come on guys.  Who cares.  People are listening to something good, and when I hear people lamenting the corruption of Art...it  just seems like a waste.  So stop.  Say something good about Nick Drake.   Or go listen to the CD.  Or wait for the commercial to come on.  I actually  think it's really beautiful in both sound and image, and the album is  transcendent.  It is to be savored.
B00002E233|4.0|This movie is a great way to spend a couple of hours scaring yourself.Sam Jacksons narration alone is worth the cost of this DVD.Funny stuff.
6305076626|5.0|Anyone who hasn't seen this movie should go get a copie now! It was great. It was funny and, even though people say it's sick, I don't find it sick at all. Tim Curry was funny and good, and Susan Sarandon was good too.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is great!  If you have herad Nookie or Re-arranged, you will love this CD.  Buy it now!
B000009ED0|4.0|This cd is pretty awesome.  Kid Rock is hot and sings good too.  The best songs are #1,#2, and #11 on this album.
0767812166|5.0|Some people think is hard to believe, director John Carpenter madethis Romance/Science-Fiction, after directing-Christine. This is a really touching film, am sure, some of his fans, didn't think, he could made this film.<br />Jeff Bridges in a great performance earn him a Oscar Nomination for Best Actor(1984) and Karen Allen best performance in this film.<br />The film was so popular, later came T.V. Series, starring Robert Hays was also good.<br />The Plot:After Jenny Hayden(Karen Allen) lost her husband(Jeff Bridges) in a car crash. An alien crash and landed on earth and then Transformed into like the Husband but Jenny also a hard time to expected it and two begin a journey in a road trip to his way home and Jenny becomes in life with him.<br />Well directed by Carpenter(Ghosts of Mars) and Excutive Produced by actor:Micheal Douglas(Wonder Boys). Grade:A. Panavision.
B00000JGOH|5.0|Be forewarned: this is not, nor was it ever intended to be a history lesson about the creation of what is surely the greatest literary tragedy of all time.  It was, however, intended to be a charming and ingenious  FICTIONAL look at the period and the people who inhabited it.  On that  level it succeeds beautifully.  Oh, for sure there are truths here, not the  least of which has to do with the fact that all the parts in theatres of  that time and place were played by men.  But even that is presented with a  keen sense of humor.  In fact, the story revolves, to a great degree,  around that element.  The character of Viola (charmingly portrayed by  Gwyneth Paltrow) loves the theatre so much she dresses as a man in order to  enable her to act.  This gender switching plot twist has been attempted  several times in films of the past.  TOOTSIE and YENTL are  excellent  examples of similar story lines.  But here you have the character falling  in love with a certain playwright named Will.  How that element is  integrated with Viola's gender switching is most ingenious.  NOT  historically correct but ingenious.<br />The script by Marc Norman (who also  served as one of the producers) and Tom Stoppard is really what makes this  film come alive.  Without their vision, it would have been just another  romantic comedy.  As it is, these writers have humanized a period so remote  from ours that you feel yourself transported back to that time.  They  certainly deserved their Oscar.<br />With all the controversy at the Academy  Awards that year SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE came out looking like a villian.   There is no doubt that SAVING PRIVATE RYAN should have won the Best Picture  Oscar.  If it were possible, this reviewer would give that film TEN stars  instead of the usual maximum of five.  It is that much better at what it  does than  SHAKESPEARE.... is at what it tries to accomplish!  But why  bother with technicalities.  The Academy has made mistakes similar to this  before.  Miramax, the company responsible for releasing the film bought the  votes from those that would have voted for ....RYAN.  For that, they were  wrong.  But isn't it wonderful that they had the gumption to grab this film  and distribute it so it could be seen by all of us.  It truly is a  blessing, even if it wasn't the best film of the year.<br />As far as the  other awards go, Paltrow definitely deserved the Oscar.  Her performance of  the very classy girl that falls in love with Shakespeare is  at once  realistic and romantic.  Without overacting, she convinces you she is the  girl who loves the theatre so much she would temporarily give up her own  identity to participate.  Judi Dench as Queen Elizabeth shines briefly but  did not deserve the Supporting Actress Oscar.  The role is nothing more  than a glorified walk-on.  The supporting actress award should have gone to  Lynn Redgrave in GODS AND MONSTERS.  However, nearly all the other Oscars  the film won were deserved.  The costumes, sets, and music score by Stephen  Warbeck are excellent.  Occasionally, the sound department on the film  overpowers the dialogue with the beautiful music and this is a shame.   Otherwise the film is technically superb.<br />The rest of the cast, Geoffrey  Rush, Colin Firth, Ben Affleck and especially Joseph Fiennes as the love  sick Will S. are perfect.  John Madden directs with a keen eye for the  period and setting and along with the fantastic script should be given  credit for transporting the audience with a very smooth flight.<br />But the  real beauty of the film is it's ability to make the viewer see just how  down to earth and beautiful the works of Shakespeare really are.  Over the  years the intimidation of actors and directors alike has kept the Bard's  works from reaching a wider audience, both in film and on stage.  Thank  goodness, we finally have a film which, without changing the works  themselves, has made the playwright seem human and just as likely to flop  as any havesince.  While it's not likely it really did happen this way,  isn't it a beautifully creative way of telling the story.  For that, the  film is worth seeing, buying and seeing again.  If you do your life will be  enriched immeasurably!
B000002KB8|5.0|First don`t listen to the editor`s main stream review. But this LP was very progressive. It had allot of mood &amp; tempo changes. It goes from in your face metal to a all most scary slow sluggy tempo. Yes its very doomy.  Some may say it was hippie rock. But this album had nothing to do with  peace &amp; love. It was about war , hate , loosing , insanity , fear ,  real life. When it came out there wasn`t any thing as heavy. No the  producion wasn`t good. But it was raw. It sounded just like Sabbath does  live. As a guitarist thats what I`m looking for. Not some thing that has to  be fixed to sound good.
B000002LGW|5.0|this is my first dm cd, and also the most played cd...it is just so great, with all hits from 81-88 and the live enviroment works so great with DM. Behind the wheel, stripped, NLMDA and everything counts here are  unforgetable...a real classic
080018789X|5.0|I THOUGHT THE MOVIE WAS GREAT, AND THERE WERE PARTS THAT REALLY MOVED ME.  IN MY HEAD, I AM STILL WONDERING WHY REGINA KING DID NOT GET HER A NOMINATION...SHE WAS SO FIERCE.  REGINA IF YOU EVER READ THIS....YOU LET  THEM HAVE IT!
0393314804|5.0|I am not an avid reader, or at least I was not until I read this book.  The style in which Welsh writes is fresh and interesting, and the settings and plot come alive.  I often want to go back and read this again to see  what the characters are up to these days, because I think that even though  I'm done reading they are still carrying on without me.  That is how vivid  this book is; that is how immersed you will become in this novel.  Highly  recommended.
B00003CWRX|5.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; was pretty good and deserved itsnomination but the film that should have won Best Picture this yearwas Michael Mann's &quot;The Insider&quot;.  Al Pacino is as good as ever as a producer on &quot;60 Minutes&quot; and Russell Crowe is magnificant as a whistle blower that was a former tobacco company employee.  The story revolves around Pacino fighting to get Crowe's interview aired on &quot;60 Minutes&quot; while Crowe's life is being threatened by his former employers.  Pacino really plays the role well and Crowe is equally as good. Crowe turned in a great performance in &quot;L.A. Confidential&quot; and in &quot;The Insider&quot; he proves that he will in time be one of the true great actors.  As for Michael Mann, he has really done a fine job with this film.  It's a shame it did not win any Oscars for it truly deserved them.
B000002KH3|5.0|The song &quot;On Fire,&quot; which some fairies who like cute melodies seem to regard as the weakest point on this record is actually one of the greatest hard rock songs ever written. Nothing comes close to the ferocity  of this track coming out of good pair of speakers. Alex is an underrated  man on skins. His drum sound is titanic. This record started a creative run  that didn't slack off until the time of &quot;Diver Down.&quot; During  those years VH was everybody's favorite band in high school. Even the New  Wavers who hated hard rock dug VH.
1573226521|5.0|I have yet to see the movie, but it couldn't possibly do this book justice.  The way it was written gave a very unique perspective into the ,well, not so straight mind of a young traveller.  It struck me immediately  of a cross between a modern day &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot; with a bit of  &quot;American werewolf inLondon&quot; thrown in (in the form of a  reoccurring vision of a dead accquaintance).  I have three small children  at home and I still finished it in less than 2 weeks....a major feat for  me!   Non stop action will keep you reading. A definite keeper....hope the  movie can measure up.  READ THE BOOK FIRST.
B000002J1L|5.0|These guys though young at the time, were damn good musicians. They can all play their instruements as well as follow Gabriel's artistic compass. Craftsmanship matters: Look how bad the Beatles have dated having to rely  on songwriting alone and laughable chops. Once the novelty wears off you  move on to another song. Not here. You can listen to this entire record  countless times and come back for more. The addition of Phil Collins and  Steve Hackett provided them with a quantum leap forward from  &quot;Trespass.&quot; Rutherford is an underrated master. The surreal  elements that Gabriel fuses with the music here is way beyond anything the  Beatles tried on some of their more outlandish songs like &quot;Rocky  Racoon&quot; or &quot;Baby, you're a Rich Man.&quot; These remastered CDs  sound terrific. I wore out many muddy sounding records of 'Cryme,' in my  youth, thinking the production was bad and there was nothing you could do;  and the first CD pressing wasn't much better. But this definitive edition  remaster is a vast improvement. I don't know what wizardry they used but  they finally succeeded in restoring great production to a great record.
B000006CCG|5.0|I have been a fan of W.A.S.P. from the very beginning.  I own every note they released.  They have had their ups (Last Command, Still Not Black Enough) and their downs (Crimson Idol, Headless Children), but this album  is a high water mark for ALL hard rock music.  Think of all the bands that  emerged in the early to mid 1980's.  W.A.S.P. is STILL GOING STRONG!    Not Poison, Not Bon Jovi, Not Crue, not Great (mediocre) White, but  W.A.S.P.   I challenge anyone to find a song on this CD that doesn't kick  your teeth in.  &quot;The Flame&quot;  is the most overlooked gem in the  band's catalog.  &quot;B.A.D.&quot;  defines their attitude and image  perfectly.  While everybody else was busy chasing video models and MTV  guest VJ slots, Blackie and the boys were busy developing the greatest band  LA ever spawned.  His openness and frankness in his lyrics and with his  fans add to his appeal as a true rock frontman.  If you only buy one CD  from W.A.S.P., make it this one.  Then go buy the others.
B000002AHM|4.0|If you want non-stop speed that pumps you full of adrenaline but drowns out most nuances then this is the one. The track that gets most people to buy this album is the first one where Al outdoes even his own fastest  playing and takes it to a level of blur that's, frankly, astounding.  However, none of the tracks here are as effective, in an overall sense, as  &quot;Orient Blue Suite&quot; on their studio record or Al and Paco's  studio version of &quot;Mediteranean Sundance&quot; on &quot;Elegant  Gypsy,&quot; which doesn't turn into &quot;Rio Ancho.&quot;  A few more  records that top this in terms of overall wear factor: Paco's record with  his sextet &quot;Live, One Summer Night&quot;--a mindblower that perfectly  balances nuances with extreme virtuosity, if you can get used to the wild  gypsy singing. Mclaughlin's &quot;Live at Royal Festival Hall&quot; with  his unbelievably telepathic trio, if you like a jazzier, more progressive,  rhythm driven acoustic sound. And Larry Coryell's magnificent  &quot;Bolero&quot; record which features a cornucopia of styles from  classical improvisations to flamenco barnstormers to funkified country  rock, all played with maximum sophistication and attention to nuance.
