B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens is a thrill ride that almost never lets up. It's one of my top five movies of all time. Sigourney Weaver, as Ripley, is just perfect. In fact, she's so good in this movie She simply could not repeat such a great performance in the other Alien movies. The same can be said for the story line. Aliens is as good as a movie gets. My only complaint about the DVD, and it's one that I alwys point out with DVD's, is that James Cameron doesn't give us any director's commentary. A shame, because it would have been a thrill to hear what he was thinking while making one of the greatest movies ever made.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I'll give this film four stars because I think it was done in the spirit of great WWII spy/action films like &quot;The Guns of Navarone&quot;.   I think it could have been a lot better, but stacked up against similar recent action drek like &quot;The Patriot&quot; and &quot;The Perfect Storm&quot; this film is darn near sublime.  I think that some of the action scenes weren't very well directed and its hard to tell what's going on, but beyond that U-571 has some great moments, the best being those that are quiet and introspective instead of the action scenes.
6305892806|5.0|Mansfield Park... i do believe it was a completely pleasant experience watching this movie, although it strayed a lot away from the book. but to be honest the book stunk, and im glad it was adapted so well onto the screen. if you thought of it as a completely separate work you'd enjoy it immensely. <br />the fannie price in the book was a crying little wussie, but her film counterpart was smart and cool and completely independent and was a joy to watch.
B00003CXFV|4.0|OK first of all its a pretty decent film. Pretty woman takes on multi billion dollar corporation... and wins, ordinary joes triumphs over uncaring bureaucrats, yadda yadda yadda, feel good factor is there and the fact that its based on a true story makes you feel that you can make a difference, pretty standard hollywood fare really.<br />GREAT, no problems there, good performances, good direction from Steven Soderbergh, it is a good film.<br />However, for me, the only reason to buy this DVD is for one of the deleted scenes. Its not even a particularly great scene, its only a short clip... but any scene where Julia Roberts says the word C$#T has got to be worth watching.
B00004Z459|4.0|These nu-metallers are currently the hottest name to drop, and it's not hard to see why.  Although they will be labelled nu-metal, their cool vibes and slick sound is far removed from the heavy mosh pit fodder of the likes of Slipknot et al.  Probably the best comparison point is a less industrial version of Stabbing Westward (one of the most underrated bands of all time) and Filter, combined with the melodic side of Papa Roach and Incubus.  This album is accessible and addictive with great production, and choruses that stick in your head for days.  Another part of the band's charm is their use of two vocalists (one singer and one rapper), which gives the band more depth and diversity over their rivals.  My personal favourites are the awesome single `one step closer', `with you', `papercut' and `runaway'.  Like Papa Roach, some may find the production a little too slick and MTV friendly, but if this doesn't bother you then prepare to be rewarded with an excellent album.  Check it out now, before the inevitable backlash starts.
B00004U8H4|2.0|While I agree that Harron and Turner's adaptation of Ellis' dialogue and themes is masterful, the subsequent presentation borders on the mundane. The writing duo trim the 399 page novel down to a workable film length, but then add certain mindnumbing and distracting scenes which cripple the pacing of the film. In particular, the chainsaw sequence becomes a lengthy chase scene reminiscent of a film student aping Brian Depalma aping Hitchcock. Derivative scenes such as that not only mar the film's pacing, but move the film from dark satirical comedy to ludicrous farce. Maybe Harron was a better choice than Oliver Stone or those pushing for a ultra-violent version, but better is relative and should not be confused with excellence.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|This album is awesome.  It is completely different from anything producer Ross Robinson has done before and is far removed from the increasingly stagnant nu-metal scene.  As for reference points, you can find hints of Dead Kennedy's, Fugazi, RATM, Radiohead, Jane's Addiction, Nirvana and Tool, but I use the term `hints' very loosely as this band have a very unique sound and you have to look very deep into the music to trace any influences.  The album's qualities are that the songs are uplifting and powerful, and the band use many different ideas yet remain coherent.  My personal favourite tracks are, the mighty first single `one armed scissor', the poetic `invalid litter dept' and the excellent `sleepwalk capsules'.  To be honest, there isn't a bad track on this album and I'm sure everyone will have different `standout' tracks.  A really classy album, which comes highly recommended.
0385484518|1.0|I'm really sorry -- I wanted to like this book. (In fact, I wanted to write this book.) Having discussed the need for such a book with a friend, who told me that I should read Tuesdays with MOrrie, I picked up a copy. <br />I couldn't believe how awful, trite, cliched this book was. If you're looking for lessons that you can apply to your life forget it -- it is full of inconsistencies and contradictions. If you're looking for good writing, it is not here. <br />I can't really understand the popularity of this drivel. Correction: actually I can -- the same people who bought Bridges of Madison County probably made this popular.(Of course there is the marketing machine of the publishers and Ted Koppel's interviews with Morrie.) <br />Don't get me wrong -- Morrie Schwartz sounds like an intelligent person and I have heartfelt sympathy for him. It's Alborn's cloying, witless style and his uncanny ability to highlight the most uninteresting part of his interaction with Morrie that is the downfall of this book. So we get pages and pages of descriptions of Morrie's declining physical state. Then more pages of Alborn's baby-boomer guilt about his own ambition. And a few unenlightening &quot;words of wisdom&quot; (really trivial stuff that if you're even vaguely a seeker-type should have figured out by the time you are 30). <br />Nothing is tied together into a united whole -- for instance, Mitch Alborn points out that MOrrie hates lawyers. Interesting -- but what to make of it? Does he know anything about law, about the role that lawyers play in U.S. society? Does he want to eliminate the checks offered even by the plaintiff lawyers who he presumably hates? No word on that. Other advice ranges from letting go, forgiving yourself, cultivating lasting relationships. What are we to make of this? Naturally, it can be applied to the most self-serving behavior as well as the most selfless. <br />This book is not a prescription for saving the world -- an unfair standard, I will admit, to judge it by. But it is also not a prescription for making even minor tweaks in your spiritual life -- something it really should have delivered. <br />Stay away from this drivel and pick up a book on Buddhism or an intellectually rigorous book on philosophy.
B0000004V2|5.0|I had a steady boyfriend in high school whom I had not seen for 10 years and I met up with him just recently.  You know what he told me?  More than anything, this album reminded him of me.  After we broke up he bought this album because I used to play it all the time. For him it became a cult classic...a relic of a certain age that has now passed.  This album is the epitomy of the 80's...the last true New Wave stuff.  I still have the original cassette that I used to play so much and it is so worn out that the songs last for 4 seconds before he winds up sounding like a chimpmunk.  I bought &quot;The best of the Stone Roses&quot; CD as a replacement and, boy, was that a mistake.  No need for that.  This CD is all I need, thank you very much.  No truer classic than this CD. Even if you blinked during the 80's and never knew that this band even existed this CD will transport you to the waning years of when music was actually fun to listen to.
6305308659|4.0|This film is fun. It comes across as dull as hell but when you've finished watching it, you'll be inclined to thinking that was a pretty good way to spend 2 hours. That cannot be said these days for a lot of films, so check it out. I really enjoyed the fiona apple video also.....it pretty cool!
B000002UJQ|4.0|Like a fine glass of wine, this album goes down smoothly.  I took it with me when I drove HWY 1 north of San Franscisco and it was so mellow and relaxing that I risked falling asleep under the warm gaze of the setting sun.  That is, of course, I skipped over their stupid songs, there's about 3 songs on this album that just don't fit in with the rest of the format and if you listen to this you'll know exactly which songs I mean.  But, be warned, to not make the mistake of falling in love with this band because they do not follow through.  Don't get their latest release (I forget what it is called at the moment--I blocked it out of my memory) because you'll be in for a heartbreak.  Stick with this one and revel in the joy of discovery.
B00004YB9Y|1.0|One of the lousiest I've heard in years. I plan to return this CD as a protest.  Not because it was not a well made recording --technically.  But, because the tenors obviously had not even sight-read the music before trying to sing it.  I wish there was a lower rating than one star.  Minus 3 stars sounds right.
B00004TL21|3.0|This album is disstressing.  Love one song, hate the next, love the next, hate the next, etc...  Stop it!  Very frustrating listening to an album that way.  Gosh, and the good songs are really good and the bad songs are really bad.  How can they not notice this?  I can't tell if I like 'em or hate 'em.  A little bit of both.  I'd recommend it, though, for the good songs, of course.
B00003CXDG|1.0|Not unlike its predecessor from 1996, M:I-2 suffers from a poor script and wasted talent. Admittedly, the cinematography and action sequences are very appealing, yet the entire movie seems to go nowhere with the plot. I for one like edge-of-your-seat action AND a good story to hold the movie together. The dialogue here is flat and pointless. Director John Woo does a good job of handling the incredible stunts, but has little expertise in supervising the acting. As much as Tom Cruise toughened up for his return to the role of Ethan Hunt, and regardless of how much money it made at the box office, M:I-2 is best described as a high-priced video game. Plenty of action mixed with a lot of boring filler. No wonder I keep humming to myself &quot;dumb-dumb-dumb...&quot; Sadly, I suspect M:I-3 is just around the corner though.
B000002TYK|5.0|This album was the first for the Foo Fighters, back when it was just Dave Grohl, but it's still the best album to date. This album was recorded in 1 week! Dave Grohl plays all the instruments except an appearance by Greg Dulli on guitar on the song &quot;X-Static&quot;. Just an incredible album from start to finish. Rock doesn't get much better than this. Just pure agressive powerful songs all the way through. Dave Grohl just wanted to record some songs that he had written over the years for himself, but we are lucky that he decided to share it to the rest of the world!
B000002AT6|5.0|What can I say? If you are a Horner Collector or someone looking for some good classical music. GO AND GET THIS CD IMMEDIATLY. You will not be dissapointed.   This is one of those Horner's music which is almost (or completly) Orinigal. It is a pity that it did not recieve an Oscar nomination though. I would recommand this CD to any of Horner's fan.
B000001E8S|5.0|One can't help but wonder if the public reaction to this album would have been greater if this had been credited as a U2 album instead of a Passengers album. It may as well have been because everyone knows Brian Eno is practically the band's fifth member. In my opinion this is U2's finest album of the nineties- the zenith of their electronica experiments. &quot;united Colors&quot; and &quot;One Minute Warning&quot; are remenicent of the type of experiments industrial bands like Cabaret Voltaire and Throbbing Gristle did in late seventies.Are they paying homage? &quot;Your Blue Room&quot; sounds taylor made for Lou Reed. Imitation or flattery?  Pavoratti's appearance on &quot;Miss Sarajevo&quot; shows that the band  that has done everything continues to find ways to be innovative. One thing's for sure, u2 know how to display their influences and stay fresh. And sometimes,like on this album, their imitations are even better than the real thing.
6304602979|5.0|At all costs avoid the &quot;R&quot; rated version of this film.  The distributor had significant cuts made in order to sell it at Walmarts and other middle-American cultural outlets.  These aren't just minor changes - indeed, the ending of the &quot;R&quot; version is different than the &quot;NR&quot; Director's cut, and the violence is much reduced in several scenes.<br />Make no mistake, the &quot;R&quot; version is a waste of money.  Accept only the Director's cut and you won't be disappointed.<br />All in all, a superb film, with everyone involved at the top of their respective games.
B000001E8S|5.0|One can't help but wonder if the public reaction to this album would have been greater if this had been credited as a U2 album instead of a Passengers album. It may as well have been because everyone knows Brian Eno is practically the band's fifth member. In my opinion this is U2's finest album of the nineties- the zenith of their electronica experiments. &quot;united Colors&quot; and &quot;One Minute Warning&quot; are remenicent of the type of experiments industrial bands like Cabaret Voltaire and Throbbing Gristle did in late seventies.Are they paying homage? &quot;Your Blue Room&quot; sounds taylor made for Lou Reed. Imitation or flattery?  Pavoratti's appearance on &quot;Miss Sarajevo&quot; shows that the band  that has done everything continues to find ways to be innovative. One thing's for sure, u2 know how to display their influences and stay fresh. And sometimes,like on this album, their imitations are even better than the real thing.
B000050XEI|2.0|I'll keep this brief. While Enya's sound is certainly melodic, lush and layered - the 35 minutes on this CD seemed like an eternity to me of the same song playing over and over. I couldn't wait for it to end. I would stick to her earlier work with Clannad instead of this example of homogeneous, blended muzak.
B000003NA4|5.0|Diana Krall has done a great service to jazz. Because of her a lot more young people are finding it 'cool' to admit they like jazz. I am around young people quite a bit, and whenever we start to talk about music, when I ask them if they like jazz, quite often they will say they like Diana Krall, and that she's cool. Hopefully it will get them on the right road to explore jazz further. On this album she plays 13 standards, and as the album title suggests, they are all love songs. With the help of Christian McBride on bass, and Russell Malone on guitar she does a wonderful job. Her sultry alto and wonderful piano playing top it all off perfectly. Different from a lot of piano trios, in that this one doesn't use drums. But, what a perfect album this is. If you don't have it yet, I recommend it highly.
B000031XCR|3.0|Before Celine took her well-deserved respite, She wanted to leave fans with something to remember her by. Her greatest hits album combines nine of her greatest hits with seven new songs. The new songs are not bad, but they do not compare to the  hits. Notable omissions include &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now,&quot; &quot;All By Myself,&quot; and Celine's duet with Streisand, &quot;Tell Him.&quot; The album nevertheless reached #1 on Billboard and has sold over 16 million copies worldwide. The lead single &quot;That's The Way It Is,&quot; reached no. 1 on the AC (Adult Contemporary) charts. Hard core fans of Celine are perhaps happier that her greatest hits album sacrificed several of her hits for new songs, since they probably already own all of her english albums. Then there would be no reason for them to buy All The Way if it was a true greatest hits collection since they would already have all the songs on it. But casual fans, who just want a collection of Celine's best and most popular songs, might be disappointed. Most of the new songs leave something to be desired in the lyrics and are quite overproduced by David Foster. The exceptions being upbeat &quot;That's The Way It Is,&quot; Celine's briliant rendition of Roberta Flack's hit &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face,&quot; curious Mutt Lange collaboration &quot;If Walls Could Talk,&quot; and the title track, a duet with Frank Sinatra which happens to be Celine and Rene's special song.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|...which is &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;. This was part of a double A-side in the UK, with &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, so I think this track should have been included (e.g. &quot;Day Tripper&quot; and &quot;We Can Work It Out&quot;, another double-A side, are both included). Other than that, the sound quality is very good and I enjoyed listening to it. As most of my Beatles stuff is on vinyl, this will be handy for listening in the car.
0553106635|5.0|Just a short thank you to those of you that took the time to mention this series while you were reviewing Jordan. After the disappointment with Jordan's last four books, I was looking forward to something I could genuinly enjoy again. Thanks to your suggestions, I found it.<br />My only problem is that I have a friend's daughters (11 and 14) that appreciate my tastes and come to me for recommendations. There are certain things that I wouldn't find appropriate for kids. For any adult though, this is great. Thank You
B00004ZAV3|4.0|...which is &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;. This was part of a double A-side in the UK, with &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, so I think this track should have been included (e.g. &quot;Day Tripper&quot; and &quot;We Can Work It Out&quot;, another double-A side, are both included). Other than that, the sound quality is very good and I enjoyed listening to it. As most of my Beatles stuff is on vinyl, this will be handy for listening in the car.
0393317552|5.0|I am from mainland China. I hope someone can translate it into Chinese. Though the title could be changed for better to &quot;Guns, Germs, Steel and Bible: The Fates of Human Societies&quot;. Of course that indicates I'd want to point out the weakest point of this book - the author choose to ignore the the impact of religions. But over all, this is great book!
B000051VWW|5.0|peaceful natural and very appreciated at a time when so much music is contrived and manufactured
B000000H6D|5.0|Another masterpiece from the great minds of Type O Negative. A truly inspired recording. Beautiful musical pieces like summer breeze, too late:frozen, i cant lose you, set me on fire, black no. 1, etc. i recommend this to fans of metal and fans of gothic music. Buy it now! i wonder why these guys werent on VH1's 100 greatest artists of hard rock...
B000009EAD|5.0|I started off back in the day listening to the likes of Metallica and Megadeth and others like them...now as I have grown older finding bands like Iced Earth it just seems like im opening whole new doors and avenues of music.  This album is just amazingly good, I can't say enough for it, every person I introduce to this band is blown away and immediatly wants to find their albums, and these are friends who are musicians and listen to mostly only music that has a great deal of talent and Iced earth is this!  This CD is just tremendous.  GET IT!
B000002H2H|5.0|Metallica's Ride the Lightning will always stand out as being one of my favorite metal albums. All these songs rock like hell. Master Cliff Burton(RIP) is on the bass here. If you must get a Metallica album, make it this one, its their best. Also check out Master of Puppets, And Justice For All, Load, and Kill 'Em All.
0679879269|2.0|Each of the books in this series is weaker than its predecessor. &quot;Spyglass&quot; contains some deeply affecting sections -- notably the underworld journey and the tragic conclusion.  However, the bulk of this volume is marred by too many cutesy creatures (the 'angels' and the eco-utopic mulefa, especially) who lack the complexity of the armored bears and, at least as originally presented, the witches.  In this respect, the book resembles &quot;Return of the Jedi.&quot;  Finally, I found the gratuitous chapter (it added nothing to the plot) caricaturing the Russian Orthodox priest deeply offensive.  ....
B000002BYD|5.0|This is definitely one of P.J's finest,combining some epic rock tunes with mellower songs. Here is a track by track reveiw.<br />BRAIN OF J.- This high tempo tune is the perfect song to open an album. As soon as the riff kicks in you know its going to be a classic. Mosh on! 5/5<br />FAITHFULL- Although the riff is straight out of Led Zep's Rain Song, its still a good track. 4/5<br />NO WAY- Supurb.  Dark, menacing and another top notch riff from Stone. 5/5<br />GIVEN TO FLY- Sounds like Zeppelin's-Going to California. Which, let's face it is no bad thing. 5/5<br />WISHLIST- A nice, mellow tune after the epic opening. Vedder never really unleashes though. 4/5<br />PILATE- Starts off slow then kicks in with a very catchy chorus. Nice. 4/5<br />DO THE EVOLUTION- This is without doubt one of their best tracks. Its starts off with another classic riff, then just gets even better. Vedder and Stone are on awesome form. As Spinal Tap would say, crank up that amp to 11 and enjoy! Best track on the album. 6/5!<br />MFC- After the excellent opening tracks this is dissapointing. One to skip. 2/5<br />LOW LIGHT- One of the record's mellower songs. laid back and sweet. 4/5<br />IN HIDING- Good lord! Vedder starts off low before ripping into the most epic chorus known to man. One of their most powerfull songs. 5/5<br />PUSH ME, PULL ME- This one's a little strange, it could have been on Vitalogy. Luckly the driving basline saves the day. 3/5<br />ALL THOSE YESTERDAYS- I love this song. It's one of the most melodic tunes they have written. Vedder is once again on top form and the low key guitar solo is to die for. 5/5<br />BUY THIS ALBUM NOW, YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED.
B000003S16|5.0|&quot;Something is always missing&quot; was my general opinion about King Crimson albums.  But I was wrong: There is always something too much in Crimson albums. For example, if only Fripp could cut all the noises from &quot;In the court of...&quot;' i'm sure that it would be one of the perfect albums ever realised. But Fripp walks his way and makes the music that he likes. &quot;Exosure&quot; is the middle of the road between Fripp and listeners like me. A unique complex of many stars, great music and more, that makes it Fripps best album. &quot;It could be commercial&quot; says Fripp in the studio. Commercial - no, but perfect prog. album - yes. All the stars around - Hall, Gabriel, Collins (listen to the drums in &quot;Breathless&quot;, that is a fine copy of Crimsons &quot;Red&quot;) and especially Hammill are great. Listen to  Hammill's &quot;Chicago&quot;,  his crazy duet in &quot;I may not have enough of myself...&quot; (try to understand its words...) and above all &quot;Disengage&quot; (by the way, Fripp changed the recordings of Chicago and Disengage, so if you have a vinyl record, both sound different). In my list, &quot;Exposure&quot; is one of the best.
B000002A46|3.0|Mariah Carey wishes her listeners a &quot;Merry Christmas&quot; in this excellent holiday set, an ideal stocking stuffer and featuring some of the diva's moistly affecting singing.  The arrangements are de rigeur Christmas post-Phil Spector with some gospel-washed material thrown in for around the way appeal.  &quot;Miss You Most (at Christmas Time)&quot; is prime Mariah Yuletide torch, and Carey and Walter Afansieff's &quot;Jesus Born on This Day&quot; could easily become a seasonal standard.  The rollicking &quot;All I Want for Christmas Is You&quot; is already a December radio regular, and her cover of Darlene Love's classic &quot;Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)&quot; ranks up there with U2's take, if not the original.  A quintet of winter perennials, from &quot;Silent Night&quot; to &quot;Hark the Herald Angels Sing,&quot; are handled with respect and restraint, not always a Mariah Carey hallmark. But then, nowadays, in the wake of Christina Aguilera, Celine Dion and Jessica Simpson, Mariah Carey is beginning to seem almost discreet in comparison.  And on &quot;Merry Christmas,&quot; she reins in her tendency to oversing and over-ornament a song and allows the material to shine through her own unadorned and honest vocals.
B00003CXDG|4.0|I taught this move was good. There was allot of action and it keep you alert to see whats going on next. I really taught this one was way better than the original MI1. The reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because the fake mask making crap kinda cheated throgh the movie
6305807086|1.0|I generally like fantasy &amp; sci fi; maybe the trouble for me with BJM is that I have seen -- and read -- too much of the genre to be impressed by a mere bizarre idea. And that's all this movie has going for it. In particular, in order to like a movie, I need to like and sympathize with at least one of the characters. In spite of the basic premise that these characters get a kick out of being someone else, each of them is totally selfish and self-absorbed, and therefore, for me, totally unengaging. This is a complaint about the writing, not the acting. The only thing I enjoyed about this movie was the puppeteering.
6304308396|5.0|Why watch the ending squeezed anamorphically into your TV?  It's too wonderful a movie to lop off the sides of it to fit your little boxy screen.  You don't cut off the sides of an oil painting just to fit your frame, do you?
B00000DHR0|5.0|Celine is one of my favorite artists, and this is definitely my favorite holiday album.  She sings so beautifully and expresses feeling and emotion.  &quot;The Prayer&quot; and &quot;These Are The Special Times&quot; are very beautiful.  My favorites are &quot;Christmas Eve, Happy X-mas(war is over,) and I really enjoy &quot;Feliz Navidad.&quot;)  This is an enjoyable cd for the holidays and she's a very talented artist.  She has a gorgeous voice.  I listen to it every holiday season.
B000022TT4|4.0|This DVD is very entertaining, but, how do you access the 11 extra tracks not included on the CD version of Rattle &amp; Hum? If you know this answer, please write a review with the answer included, and clear up some confusion. I really want to see the extra tracks, or at least hear them. THANKS!
0399146253|3.0|This one was slow starting but beginings often are. It was very introspective. I believe that Kay is going to embark on a new life. I just wish she would have left us with a little more to go on a lot of lose ends in this one. It took me a little longer to read it than it normally would. I always enjoy a Cornwell novel just not one of her better ones.
B000003TAR|4.0|After the massive popularity of Nevermind made Nirvana unwilling stars, Kurt Cobain threatened to make the follow-up album nothing but an uncommercial noise-fest in the guise of Big Black or SOnic Youth. The follow-up album turned out to be &quot;In Utero.&quot;  Is &quot;In Utero&quot; the uncomfortable sonic assault that Cobain threatened, or is it a sweeter, softer ablum shadowing influences such as The Beatles or R.E.M.?  Well, it's both at the same time.     When the band hired producer Steve Albini of Big Black fame, it appeared that the band was going to make good on thier promise to create an uncommerical album.  As it turned out, Albini's prescence helped to refine and engergize the Nirvana sound.  He didn't create an uncomprimising album; rather, he strengthened and narrowed some of the best work the band ever created.  Certianly there are moments of uninhibited noise on the album.  Tracks such as &quot;Milk It,&quot; &quot;Very Ape,&quot; and &quot;Scentless Apprentice&quot; are loud and agressive, seemingly just for the sake of being loud and aggressive.  However, the softer songs Cobain penned are masterful.  &quot;Heart-Shapped Box&quot; may possess heavy, affected guitars, but the song itself has fragility within the distortian.  Like many tracks on &quot;In Utero,&quot; it's a song that can be strummed on an acoustic guitar.  Hidden within the trademark Albini sonic palate are beautiful pop songs with circular structures.  Cobain wasn't exactly a guitar master, but ALbini makes the guitar the strongest element on the album with overdubs and layering.  If anything, it's a rougher album than &quot;Nevermind.&quot;  The songs aren't a massive improvement over what's on &quot;Nevermind,&quot; nor is it a step back.  The largest improvement on &quot;In Utero&quot; is a narrower focus.  &quot;Nevermind&quot; was a more external album; Cobain looked at the angst and frustration that his generation existed in and used this as inspiration.  On &quot;In Utero,&quot; Cobain is looking inward; he's looking at how celebrity and his stature has affected him negatively.  &quot;In Utero&quot; is a much more personal album for Cobain.  His words are that of a man close to destruction.  &quot;All Apolgies&quot; seems to be an apology note for Nirvana's mere existance, while &quot;Pennyroyal Tea&quot; is an autobiograhpical sketch of Cobain's physical suffering.  There are a number of great songs, but this is counterbalanced by the punk-ish workouts that dot the album periodically.   &quot;In Utero&quot; is an album that has its share of briliant song writing when it doesn't try to be comically aggresive and atonal just for the sake of it.  Nirvana tried to alienate everyone by creating an album full of sonic dissonance, but in the end they created an ablum that has its moments of brilliance hidden within the noisy textures.  Good music is good music no matter how it's dressed up.  When allowed to, &quot;In Utero&quot; is an amazing rock album.  Unfortunatly, the album wasn't allowed to be great all the time.  In this way, it mirrors Kurt Cobain.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Sure, she sounds alot like Sarah Mclachlan, but she has a style of her own.  She has a beautiful voice and i enjoy hearing the whole cd. &quot;Hunter&quot; is a great song and is my favorite song that hasnt been released so far.  Thank You is a great song, which Eminem sampled.  This version of it is so much better.  This album is pretty mellow, but isnt bland, which is a rare feat for a new artist.  I'd look for her to be doing what Macy Gray did last year-explode after grammy nods.  This cd deserves grammies.  Its awesome.  Only this album has gone platinum and bulleted up the charts.  Its beautiful Music.  Five Stars.
B00003CX8J|4.0|I should start by saying that I am not a reader or collector of the comic, but that may change after seeing this film for the first time.  I was vaguely familiar with some of the characters, but knew nothing of their origins in the comics.  And so, this review is not skewed by certain expectations a fan of the comic would have.<br />Based on the trailers, I was sure I wasn't going to enjoy this film.  Even after all of the excellent reviews, I wasn't interested enough to pay to see it in the theaters.  I just rented it tonight for the first time and was quite impressed with most of the performances.<br />Patrick Stewart was made to play the role of Xavier, a mutant with the abilities to control others minds who has opened up a secret school for young mutants.  He commands, or better yet leads his students with compassion.  His heart is obviously in the right place and he's willing to do anything to keep himself and his fellow mutants safe from persecution by us ordinary people that fear them.  Patrick's performance was flawless.<br />Hugh Jackman truly did steal the show as Wolverine.  He's a deeply complex individual, a man's man you might say.  He comes across as a bigger and scarier Gary Sinise.  Like Sinise, Jackman is able to take an imperfect character and make you sympathize with him.<br />Ian Mckellen turns in a solid performance as Xavier's former ally and fellow mutant &quot;Magneto&quot;.  Mckellen is very subtle in his approach, and thus comes across as being very real in this &quot;unreal&quot; role.  His character could and probably should have been developed a bit more, but given the time restrictions and the overall story I can forgive that a bit.<br />Paquin was excellent in her portrayal of Rogue.  Her innocence shines simply through her eyes.  Jansen was also excellent in her portrayal of &quot;Jean Grey&quot;.  <br />The special effects generally added to the quality of the film.  Some of the fight sequences weren't extremely fluid and Parks wasmost definitely underused in his role as &quot;toad&quot;.<br />The story was quite solid and moved at a good pace.  The dialogue was much better than I was used to with most comic book adaptations.  I was also glad to see that they chose to stray from the comics in terms of wardrobe.  <br />The extras on this DVD were pretty slim, but I'm always happy to see extra footage.  A behind the scenes movie and a audio commentary track would have been a nice addition.  If you've read this far, thank you very much.
B0000029LG|5.0|the first cd....classics...everyone of them the second cd...dark....briliance
B00005221L|5.0|The scene where dutch, apollo and jesse the body were simply firing their guns into the forest in hope of hitting the invisible creature was a real adrenaline pump. When i saw the film with my eight friends (law school conservative chaps) we were all peeled to the screen. Must have film
6304712499|2.0|This flick made me angry and sad but also made my eyes pop at the same time. First off, the film scratches the surface of what the comic book of Spawn is all about. A thin plotline and even thinner characters almost ruined it. But then again the visuals remain among the best I've ever seen. To make a long review short, this is a classic case of style over substance.
B000051VWW|4.0|Sade is back!  We've missed her and her blend of exotic rhythem and sultry smooth vocals.  She is the Goddess of Love, the Queen of Cool, and the Diva of Romance.  Her voice is so compellingly smooth and sexy that we are nearly driven mad and must plug up our ears like the brave Ulysees least we dash ourselves into the rocks. Sade is back!  Long live Sade.
B00004YZFR|5.0|As many others have noted, this documentary is an essential portrait of a rock and roll concert gone horribly wrong. But the extras added to this DVD only make it that much better. In fact, after watching the original film, you can then watch it all over again with commentary form the director, view outtake footage, view still photos from the concert, listen to extensive radio interview tapes, or watch how they restored the film with an impressive demostration. In one single disc and a nice booklet, you have enough to keep you busy for at least 6 hours.<br />If only all DVDs were this way...<br />(P.S. - A nice highlight of the film itself is hearing the Flying Burrito Brothers full performace of Six Days on the Road. Now if only they had trained a camera on Gram Parson's face, it would have been perfect.)
B000056K04|5.0|Though it's a tad early to celebrate, DMB's latest release, Everyday is a great departure for the band.  Through their transformation over the years, Matthews, Lessard, Tinsley, Moore and Beauford have gone from the happy jams of Recently (Remember 2 Things) to the brilliant musical composition of The Stone (Before these Crowded Streets) and now to the edgy riffs of the band's new single, I did It.  In abonding an already recorded album of songs like Grey Street and Sweet Up &amp; Down, Dave and the boys returned to the studio to rewrite a new album along side new producer Glenn Ballard (Aerosmith, No Doubt), and even colaborating alongside friend Carlos Santana on the latin piece, Mother Father.  The final product is an awesome new sound for such a band.  Putting a hold on the twangy riffs in What Would You Say and evolving into cutting edge sounds as heard in The Space Between.  Have no fear though, Dave fans.  Though this recent departure seems tragic in a sense, all of the elements can still be heard.  Boyd's still ripping up his violin, Carter maintains his status of best drummer in the world, and Roi is still beeboppin away on his sax (without sunglasses this time).  Just go with the flow on this energy-packed release by the band, and remember that they never did a single thing that did a single thing to change the ugly ways of the world, but Dave Matthews Band can still rock!
B00004Z4WR|3.0|After 8MM, Snake Eyes, City of Angels (treacle at best), and Bringing out the Dead, God only knows Nicholas Cage was on vapours, desperately trying to finally earn that oscar he got way back when.  But even if this wasn't the vehicle (no pun intended) to do the job for him, it's still reasonably entertaining.<br />You'd think Bruckheimer would have learned his lesson after Days of Thunder--cars just aren't that exciting.  Here, in typical Bruckheimer fashion, the music-video cuts and the sound are the only things that keep things moving.  It's only through the charisma of the lesser characters that the movie survives.  Cage is in neutral the whole way through, and Angelina Jolie is little more than a walk-on (check out the false advertising for this film; take the money and run, Ange... you won't get far), so you know it ain't about cars and girls.<br />Bad Boys was similarly thin on plot, but this movie isn't as funny.  The Rock had it's share of charismatic actors, but this movie lacks the Rock's action.  It's basically a rainy-day rental, and if you were one of the few who actually paid money to see this in the theatre, consider yourselves had.<br />It's a mediocre work from a producer who's flat-out of ideas.  Good for a viewing, but then forget about it, like most of us have.
B0000508U6|4.0|While comparisons among bands/singers can be misleading, I believe a few comparisons are in order. I thoroughly enjoy Coldplay's Parachute CD (and will leave it to other reviews to describe) but a few minutes into the CD I determined that several bands, unmentioned by knowledgable critics, must have had a hand in helping create Coldplay's sound.  Early Catherine Wheel and, more importantly, late Talk Talk.  If you like either, you will find Cold Play rewarding...If you appreciate Coldplay and have never heard of Talk Talk or Catherine Wheel, you have some CDs to buy and some wonderous music to experience.
0553212737|5.0|Having been a devoted fan since early childhood, I have read all of Miss Austen's books at least twice, and I find this the most endearing. 'Emma' is a dazzling combination of wit, not-too-dreadful mishaps, mild drama, and affectionate, though insightful, looks at society. <br />Emma, though a little petted and given to overconfidence in her intellect (brilliant people often struggle so), is definitely endearing (even more so than Gwyneth Paltrow). And, of course, Miss Austen's inventive method of relating dialogue is delightful. Of Mr. Woodhouse, the definitive hypochondriac: &quot;He was afraid they should have a very bad drive...He did not know what they had best do...&quot; Jane Austen has a splendid way of drawing the characters through such dialogue - it is almost as if they come alive.<br />If you ever read one book of Miss Austen's, read 'Emma'!
B000050XEI|4.0|Enya has managed to do it again.  Enya has managed to produce yet another album that is full of melodies that one can relax to.  Featuring the hit single A Day Without Rain and other songs like, Wild Child, Flora's Secret, One By One and Pilgrim you can easily see that the gap between the last studio album hasnt stunted Enya's creativity
B00004XONN|5.0|Like many of the reviewers, I decided to give myself a set period of adjustment time before commiting my review to posterity.  This, I feel, is necessary when you're dealing with arguably the best and most artistically innovative band since The Beatles.  KID A is many things....at first alienating and inpenetrable but ultimately a source of immense satisfaction and well, well worth the effort of getting into.  KID A is easily the best album of 2000 and a logical progression from 1997's OK COMPUTER, itself a miracle of music-making.  Since their first album PABLO HONEY, back in 1993, Radiohead have (again, not unlike The Beatles) progressed in leaps and bounds from project to project, but you can always see where they left off from.  1995's THE BENDS has distinct echoes of their debut while setting the scene for OK COMPUTER, a mildly-techno, but largely guitar-oriented aesthetic masterpiece, which leads us now to the clinically-digitized, yet emotionally-charged KID A.  If this evolution comes as a surprise to some, well...it shouldn't.  I bought this on the day of release and realized within a few minutes into it, the sonically-dense KID A would not be an easy listen.  But like most classic (and truly artistic) albums, its supernatural powers (once revealed) were overpowering.  Simply put, KID A is a cathartic listening experience and forces you to confront the despair and meloncholy in us all.  Well...that's what it did for me.  What of the songs?  Well, here goes....<br /> &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; is a wonderfully-disjointed piece with Thom's electronically-slurred vocals and the sonic bed of keyboards guiding us into uncharted musical territory.  The title track is perhaps the most difficult one to digest, especially on first listen (having trouble understanding the words?  They're to found on pg. 2 of the hidden booklet under the CD tray - of the first pressings, that is). Difficult, but brilliant nonetheless.  The horns-laden cacaphony of &quot;The National Anthem&quot; is a new step for Radiohead which glides over a mercilessly-scratchy and impulsive bassline.  The U2-sounding &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot; is monumentally-profound in mood and its sensitive acoustic passages (yes, guitars!).  &quot;Treefingers&quot; is an atmospheric piece deep in emotion and its plaintiveness.  We are treated with a bit of nostalgia with &quot;Optimistic&quot; a more mature guitar-layered thrash in the style of something from THE BENDS but with a futuristic twist (after all this is a different album).  Once the track winds down, it jumps into a spacey, hip-hop coda (Hip hop?, well I told you KID A was different!) leading into the spirutally-shattered lament of IN LIMBO, with its glorious, saddened guitar lines, perfectly echoing Thom's cold despair. The techno-pop gem &quot;Idioteque&quot; is next, a bold and fully successful move on the band's part.  Don't worry...unlike some &quot;rock&quot; acts, Radiohead's essential character is still in evidence here and not buried in techno beats.  &quot;Morning Bell&quot; is next, another excerise in pop melancholy and especially tuneful.  &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;, KID A's official last track (save for the untitled minute-long soundscape at the end) is the album's almost hymn-like coda with its harp passages at the end and Thom's emotional and touching vocal.  <br />  All in all, I cannot say that KID A is better than OK COMPUTER (that was perfection as well), but KID A is defintely as monumental and MILES beyond what anybody else is doing.  Radiohead are innovators. They have seen the future.
B000002UKS|5.0|The Colour And The Shape is the Foo Fighters second album and its very good.  Featuring the hit singles Monkey Wrench (worth buying the album for) Walking After You, My Hero and Everlong its easy to see why they are voted one of the best groups around at the moment.  The music along with the lyrics make this a must have album by anyone that likes rock music that is radio-friendly at the same time
B000002I27|5.0|This features some of the doors, best darker and stranger songs ever. The rocking tune &quot;My eyes have seen you&quot; is a great rock song&quot; &quot;Unhappy girl&quot; and &quot;Your lost little girl&quot; are great tunes also. &quot;When the music's over&quot; has a great gutair solo, and climax, and great drums from densemore. &quot;Stange days&quot; to me is the worst doors song ever. &quot;Love me two times&quot; is a rocking hit&quot;. My second fav song on this ablum, is &quot;Moonlight drive&quot; great lryics. Love this song, a classic ablum. Buy the box set.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|I have never really been a big fan of Lenny's albums as i think that they containing too many weak tracks, but i jumped at the oppurtunity to buy this album.  Lenny knows how to write great singles so this album contains everything that i wanted, all the hits without having to shell out loads of money with the chance of being dissapointed.  This album has not dissapointed me it is fantastic.  Featuring the hit singles Again, Are Yuo Gonna Go My Way, It Aint Over, Black Velveteen  and the Uk number one Fly away.  This album will appeal to all fans of Lenny Kravitz and may even attract new ones
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is the best movie I have ever seen.  I was so impressed with the story, cinematography, acting, and special effects that when combined witht the action scenes and the attention to historical detail in Roman culture...I was blown away.  It is a powerful movie too.  Not to ruin the ending, but after a heroic battle, a few lines by Lucilla brought tears to my eyes.  It is a wonderful story about love, honor, revenge, and betrayal.  It is not short of political intrigue nor unfulfilled romance.<br />Gladiator will not disappoint.  The bonus disk that comes in addition to the movie is superb and very insightful.  I would not recommend this movie for children as there are scenes that are quite graphic and there are incestuous overtones as well.<br />&quot;What we do in life echoes in eternity.&quot;<br />Darin
B00004Z4WR|5.0|well this movie is the best movie i've seen and that's probably because it's my favorite movie cause i love cars and when cage and his crew started boosting the cars it kept me on tha edge of my seat all of the 24 times i went to see it at tha movies and yes its tru, 24 times. for everyone else if you love cars as much as i do then you'll love this movie but for others that don't idolize cars then it would probably be just another movie to you but i think u'll like.
B0000041DF|5.0|Martha Argerich is an artist (in the full sense of the word) for whom I have the highest respect, for she is known as an extremely modest woman who doesn't consider herself a virtuoso (it must be the understatement of the century!), and shies away from solo glory, preferring chamber music more. I really admire this innocent modesty of this person, although I do feel that she should make more solo appearances as well as chamber music ones. Anyway, I'll now say a few things about this CD.It is a glorious disc, full stop.She has all the essences of what a virtuoso should be (and more), yet also armed with the gift of listening to other players (the qualities of a chamber musician). The Rakhmaninov is played with dashing brilliance. As the booklet note says, Argerich keeps her horsepower in reserve, until the last movement, so for the first two movements, one gets a reading of sensitivity, not just sheer brilliance. In the finale, however, all hell breaks loose. Argerich rips through the keyboard easily, and, in my opinion the most brilliant performance comes at the coda of the last movement. She makes it sound like a battle about to be won, with terrifying effect. She plays the fiendishly difficult final octaves with alarming ease and triumphs gloriously. Credit must go to the orchestra and Chailly as well. They provide a cushion of accompaniment, no matter how hard she is to follow. This is a communicative performance on both parts. This is one of the very few recordings which can be deemed great, if not the best (as judged on BBC Music Magazine in 1998).   The Tchaikovsky is also brilliant. She makes the often cliched first movement sound fresh, and is on top form, although the cadenza was somewhat messy. The slow movement is a floating performance, with Argerich's famous articulation clarly audible. Last movement is played with, as in the Rakhmaninov, a sense of communication, playing WITH the orchestra rather than against, as this movement is so often played. Kondrashin, the great Russian maestro, fully captures the Russian idiom of this work. I personally recommend the DG version of the Tchaikovsky with Claudio Abbado and Berlin Philharmonic, as it holds together in the more cohesive way than this performance, but as this is a live recording, one has expect the whole package, warts and all. It is a most highly enjoyable disc, to which I find myself applauding with the audience on the CD at the end everytime I listen to it.  Both concertos highly recommended, with the Rakhmaninov emerging as the stronger winner. This is what music-making is all about: Soloist's virtuosity, the communion between orchestra and conductor, orchestra and soloist and joie de vivre in the playing.
0451450523|5.0|I love this story in all it's forms, the movie, the book, and even the soundtrack.  I first saw the movie, it was captivating and touching.  Then I decided I had to read the book.  The book is written as fairytale would be, making it even more enchanting.  There is more depth and realism in the book than the movie, I would have to say.  For example, the reason Schemdrick really wants to become a magician was dismissed in the movie.  Each character also had a very unique personality.  Schemdrick was jealous of the relationship Molly had with the Unicorn.  And Molly pocessed almost every trait a women could have.  Lir, was silly and boyish until his love for The Lady Amalthea turned him into a hero.  The Unicorn and King Haggard kept a thin veil of mystery around themselves, never letting the reader really get quite as close to them.  I found the book impossible to put down, and it moved me even more than the movie.  A true classic for fans of fantasy and mythology.  Breathtaking!
B0000041DF|5.0|Martha Argerich is an artist (in the full sense of the word) for whom I have the highest respect, for she is known as an extremely modest woman who doesn't consider herself a virtuoso (it must be the understatement of the century!), and shies away from solo glory, preferring chamber music more. I really admire this innocent modesty of this person, although I do feel that she should make more solo appearances as well as chamber music ones. Anyway, I'll now say a few things about this CD.It is a glorious disc, full stop.She has all the essences of what a virtuoso should be (and more), yet also armed with the gift of listening to other players (the qualities of a chamber musician). The Rakhmaninov is played with dashing brilliance. As the booklet note says, Argerich keeps her horsepower in reserve, until the last movement, so for the first two movements, one gets a reading of sensitivity, not just sheer brilliance. In the finale, however, all hell breaks loose. Argerich rips through the keyboard easily, and, in my opinion the most brilliant performance comes at the coda of the last movement. She makes it sound like a battle about to be won, with terrifying effect. She plays the fiendishly difficult final octaves with alarming ease and triumphs gloriously. Credit must go to the orchestra and Chailly as well. They provide a cushion of accompaniment, no matter how hard she is to follow. This is a communicative performance on both parts. This is one of the very few recordings which can be deemed great, if not the best (as judged on BBC Music Magazine in 1998).   The Tchaikovsky is also brilliant. She makes the often cliched first movement sound fresh, and is on top form, although the cadenza was somewhat messy. The slow movement is a floating performance, with Argerich's famous articulation clarly audible. Last movement is played with, as in the Rakhmaninov, a sense of communication, playing WITH the orchestra rather than against, as this movement is so often played. Kondrashin, the great Russian maestro, fully captures the Russian idiom of this work. I personally recommend the DG version of the Tchaikovsky with Claudio Abbado and Berlin Philharmonic, as it holds together in the more cohesive way than this performance, but as it is a live recording, one has expect the whole package, warts and all. It is a most highly enjoyable disc, to which I find myself applauding with the audience on the CD at the end everytime I listen to it.  Both concertos highly recommended, with the Rakhmaninov emerging as the stronger winner. This is what music-making is all about: Soloist's virtuosity, the communion between orchestra and conductor, orchestra and soloist and joie de vivre in the playing.
0790743132|5.0|When I was younger and people talked about the greatest movies of all time CASABLANCA almost always entered into the conversation.  I never understood why. Of course, I hadn't seen the film either. Nevertheless, I couldn't understand why there was so much ado about a black and white movie that was a love story set in a bar. It didn't make any sense to me.  Now that I am a bit older and have actually seen the film, I understand what all the fuss was about.<br />CASABLANCA is an American classic. It has a great plot, interesting characters, and wonderful dialogue.  Yes, it is in black and white, it is a love story, and it does take place in a bar.  But all of those things that I thought were so lame when I was a kid, are now the things that make the movie so dear. I hated black and white movies when I was a kid. Now I enjoy them and seeing a film of that age with such a great story makes it even that much more enduring. When I was a kid, I couldn't relate to Bogart's character at all. Now, I can empathize with his struggles. As for the boring bar that I thought was so lame; I now know as Rick's and see how important it is to the film, drawing together all the wonderful elements and characters of the story into one setting.<br />All in all, a superb movie that deserves to be called an American classic.
B000002UDG|3.0|This is a collection of Macca's greatest hits -- and nothing more than that. It definitely isn't his BEST work, as the title suggests. Although the album does contain some of his greatest songs (like &quot;Band on the Run&quot;), the real gems were left out. This was the first McCartney CD I got, and while I did like most of the songs on it, it didn't really make me want to hear more of his work. Luckily, the next CD I heard was &quot;Flaming Pie&quot;, and I was blown away. So, if all you want are Macca's hit singles, this is probably the CD to get; but if you're seriously interested in his solo career, you should check out some of his other albums. &quot;Flaming Pie&quot;, &quot;Tug of War&quot; or &quot;Band on the Run&quot; are probably good places to start.
B00003CXMG|5.0|I rarely go to the theatre to see movies. I saw two movies this year, and they were both worth the $8.00. One being &quot;remember the titans&quot; and the other being &quot;almost famous. &quot;Almost famous&quot; was as well written of a movie that I have ever seen. You receive the same feel good feeling you got from &quot;Jerry Maguire&quot;. The movie honestly made me want to get back in line, and watch it again. You warm up to the characters almost instantly. The soundtrack is superb. Classic Zeppelin among aothers. Fantasic movie..As for the Jack As* who gave the movie one star. I dont know what movie you watched, but take your head out long enough to enjoy a brilliantly written, and directed film. Cameron Crowe is amazing.
0441172717|1.0|I had great expectations when I picked this book up from the store last month.  This book is okay, but certainly not &quot;the best&quot; as many claim.  My suspicion is that people on this review site tend to be a small but determined bunch of supporters.    The biggest flaw is that the book is boring.  It truly is difficult to keep turning the page.  After being 1/2-way through, I just had to toss the book out.  If you scroll through the &quot;real&quot; reviews, you will find this is a common lament.  Also, it doesn't have the same emotional life as &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; and does not draw one in.  Dune is certainly not in the same league as Tolkien's works.
B00004U3UG|4.0|This was an incredibly funny and entertaining movie with plenty of quoteable Ash'isms.  My only recommendation is to steer clear of the Director's cut, which added some filler scenes but cut some of my favorite lines. For instance the ending is different and not nearly as funny/clever as the previous ending.<br />I highly recommend the movie but not the director's cut.
B000002UAC|3.0|As Beatles music goes, this is still a great 5 star CD.  Nothing but the best.  As an attempt to re-release &quot;Meet The Beatles&quot; on CD (from the original LP) it rates a 1 star.  Only nine of the twelve original songs made it to the CD.  What a disaster, especially when a CD will hold more recording time than the LP.  Songs left off the CD are three Beatles classics -- I Want To Hold Your Hand; I Saw Her Standing There; and This Boy.  Why?  I can't figure it out; especially since &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand&quot; made it to the new Beatles #1 CD.  It's not because of recording time since five other songs were added -- again classic Beatles songs.  This is great, but still why drop three classic Beatles tunes?  This is room on the CD for all of the original twelve songs, plus the new five songs.  Come on, EMI and Apple, re-release &quot;Meet The Beatles&quot; the right way.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Although this movie isn't exact to Roman history it is still worth getting your hands on. Russell Crowe proves he has what it takes to become bigger in Hollywood. This is one of those movies that is perfect for DVD and surround sound, it almost seems that there are horses running through your living room. For Crowe fans, his acting is excellent and shows that he is capable of playing roles other than a cop....There is something about this movie that will make you keep putting in your player over and over again.
B000002UAC|3.0|As Beatles music goes, this is still a great 5 star CD.  Nothing but the best.  As an attempt to re-release &quot;Meet The Beatles&quot; on CD (from the original LP) it rates a 1 star.  Only nine of the twelve original songs made it to the CD.  What a disaster, especially when a CD will hold more recording time than the LP.  Songs left off the CD are three Beatles classics -- I Want To Hold Your Hand; I Saw Her Standing There; and This Boy.  Why?  I can't figure it out; especially since &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand&quot; made it to the new Beatles #1 CD.  It's not because of recording time since five other songs were added -- again classic Beatles songs.  This is great, but still why drop three classic Beatles tunes?  This is room on the CD for all of the original twelve songs, plus the new five songs.  Come on, EMI and Apple, re-release &quot;Meet The Beatles&quot; the right way.
B00003CXBK|5.0|If you thought Tarzan and The Iron Giant were wonderful DVD transfers, you will not go wrong with Princess Mononoke. This DVD is BY FAR the best transfer I've seen for an animated feature. The anamorphic widescreen transfer is about as flawless as you'll see - no artifacts, no edge enhancement...absolutely squeaky clean. The colors are striking; I found myself noticing this many times during the movie.<br />The audio in both the original Japanese and the English dub are both 5.1 with a full field of sound for the entire feature. I switched back and for the between the two audio formats and found little, if any, compromise (not an easy task since you can't simply toggle the audio button - you must go back to the menu).<br />The extras are minimal, containing a brief featurette with the various voice actors praising the movie (although I don't think Claire Danes clearly understands that this wasn't a little kiddy cartoon), but I didn't purchase this disc for the extras.<br />As a review said earlier, thus is truly a DVD to show off the home theater system. Not only is it a great animated feature; it's also a great movie. If you've feared anime in the past, this is one to take the plunge with - you won't be disappointed.
B000006OAM|5.0|This is a very potent album dripping with imagery and emotions.  In a word it is a PERFECT compilation of songs.  <br />I have seen Ms Merchant perform at the Copley Symphony hall in San Diego, and although I have been following her career since 10,000 Maniacs, it is only in this album where she is Artistically and Emotionally in CONTROL.  And what power as she soars with songs like Frozen Charlotte and My Skin.  It gives me goosebumps just thinking about the live performances of these songs...  she is both sultry and almost holy...  She is in fact OPHELIA in the flesh, reborn.<br />I will definitely say that this is her best work to date.<br />Tigerlily was good, but this one grabs you and doesn't let go.<br />THANK YOU NATALIE!
B000002IZM|5.0|I bought this one while in Nice France and it brings up some memories of it.  There are a few other versions of this soundtrack that might have more tracks, however this is the most tracks out of all of them.  If you like the movie you will love the soundtrack. It might seem strange to have audio clips of the movie in a soundtrack but other recent ones do it as well.  I wonder if a remaster CD is due next year (2001) when Blade Runner is rereleased?
B0000508UN|5.0|As many Grant Green fan will attest to, ALIVE is simply his best, funkiest, and overall most completely exciting recording in his amazing career.  I dare anyone who listens to this cd to not come the inevitable conclusion that ALIVE stands as one of the most, if not the best, truly incredible live jazz recordings ever made.  No jazz guitar player can ever touch Green's funk grooves and solos on this lp --- and with Idris Muhammed on drums, the set really has a funk foundation that never ceases to amaze me after listening to it over and ove again.  The fact that the whole package has now been remastered and gratefully adds a new, unreleasd cut (&quot;Maiden Voyage&quot;)is like walking down a mine shaft and having a new, shiny diamond fall into your lap --- I've been waiting for any extra songs from this night for 10 years - and now have one!   If you are building your rare groove-jazz funk collection this cd will stand the test of time and become one of your most played and prized possessions...enjoy.
B00000JPH4|4.0|The muppets and costumes are stunning, characters are well-rounded and creative, and Fizgig(the little furball who looks like a deranged Shih-Tzu dog!) is alternately adorable and hysterical. It also managed to look very &quot;un-Muppet&quot;-like for the most part(with the notable and probably deliberate exception of Fizgig), a plus in my book, as Muppets are fine for funny stuff, but not fantasy-drama! <br />My only major gripe is the somewhat lame ending, which pretty much left me thinking &quot;Oh, please!&quot;. It also may be a tad slow and too scary for the kiddies in some parts(I know that one-eyed wizardess and the mind-draining scene near the end of the movie sure scared me as a kid!), but is otherwise a wonderfully told (and well-acted) fantasy tale. Definitely worth watching despite its few drawbacks.
1578072298|5.0|Ever wonder why a 1K diamond is so expensive? Ever wonder if there's a better alternative than Cubic Zirconia? In Nova's The Diamond Deception, you are taken into the multi-faceted world of the diamond sellers and the diamond makers.<br />You will learn what DeBeers is doing to thwart the scientists that are manufacturing diamonds, and how the scientists can make an industrial grade diamond from (of all things) peanut butter.<br />Take a seat and enjoy the PBS show's ability to alter your mind.<br />For more information on The Diamond Deception, got to NOVA's website at [...]
B00004XONN|5.0|Desperation is the general tone I would use to describe this album. Bear in mind that this is just my take. most of the songs seem to have this suppressed urgency to them, (especially tracks 6 and 8, in my opinion the best tracks on the album except for 10,) that makes one uncomfortable. This, however, seems to be exactly the point. As has been said of previous radiohead albums, this one is difficult. Not as difficult as OK computer, but still a tough album to swallow. I don't reccomend listening to this unless you WANT to feel disconnected or desperate. By slightliy pushing the comfort zone, this delivers something that can be appreciated, for if you stick only to what you are comfortable with, you will stagnate. I've noticed that radiohead fans are in general extremely intelligent, and as such I feel hard-pressed to write a review that will be up to standards. However I feel that this is a good expression of my views. It's a good album. I won't lie, I burned my copy, but I would've spent money on it if neccesary. Maybe not up to OK computer standards, but that's hard, if not impossible, to beat. It's a soundscape that fits very well with the imagery on the cover
B00004YYDI|4.0|I was impressed by Leon's appearance which was fought to the end for the person who loved.  In the first, Machilda and Leon lived in the same apartment house, and they had a nodding acquaintance. But a new relationship between two people starts taking advantage of the murder case that her family is killed. He had been a killer only cruelly and solitarily. But he has come to human feelings while meeting Machilda, and spending the same time as her.  However, this movie ends with the herofs sad death. But between them, deep love and stiff mutual trust was born, and I think that it become very important in the life of Machilda. I think that such a relationship between two people is very wonderful, and envied.
0688170528|5.0|This book is great.I was glad to discover such a smart writer as is Jodi Picoult because she with her story &quot;The Pact&quot; fitted me very easily in the characters shoes.I went to work,to restaurants to the hairdresser,to bed with this book till I finished it. One more thing I want to say - all my friends read this book and all of them liked it more than the other.So...what are you waiting for...read it before it's gone OUT OF PRINT :)
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I guess I've been lazy or broke in my efforts to update my vinyl collection.  I've have the &quot;gotta haves&quot; like Sgt. Peppers and the White Album on CD, but the older stuff is still in milk crates.  My ears have finally been released from the hops and skips that have plagued them for so many years...  Now I can listen to &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; without a major skip-repeat at &quot;Father McK.. Father McK.. Father McK...&quot;  Listening to the whole song seems eerie!
B000051VWW|5.0|I am a big fan a Sade and have been for 10 years.  If you like what you've heard in the past, you'll enjoy this one.  The production is crisp and attention to sound is very concise.  This is true Sade like no one else.
0375704027|5.0|No doubt this is one of Murakami's best novels; it reads so deliciously. I was in pain to see the remaining pages diminish. Although Rubin's translation is excellent, sometimes i wonder, if I read it in Japanese, the depth of poignancy will intensify. <br />I love Murakami's usage of complex female characters such as Naoko in &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; and Shimamoto in &quot;South of the Border and West of the Sun&quot;. These characters are the embodiment of secular engimas and our beautific ideals - whatever we chase, yet knowing we can never reach. On the surface, both Naoko and Shimamoto are tearfully beautiful and &quot;perfect&quot; persons - sophisticated, delicate and sensually desirable - to the readers and apparently to Toru Watanabe in &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; and Hajime in &quot;South of the Border&quot; the two main male characters in the novels. Contrary, both female characters are so &quot;imperfect&quot; that they are impaired to response to human warmth and consummate love from Toru and Hajime. While Toru and Hajime court them, the grief looming from the confirmation of their initial conviction deepens as they realize their sacrificial love is not answered. In addition, Murakami uses the conundrum of Naoko and Shimamoto's characters as the main thrust of suspense in his story telling. With the layers of these women's dilemma being unfolded one after another, we as readers begin to feel helpless, but compelled to pursue to the core of problems with Naoko or Shimamoto. Murakami never explicates exactly how - and why - Naoko is unable to recover or why Shimamoto in the other novel so estranged and lost the ability to simply love. In &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot;, this sadness is reinforced through the dejected feeling of Toru, and  this growing sadness remains with readers even long after the finish. We are reminded to accept certain things in life as what they are without any stipulations.   <br />Naoko is apparently a more likable character than Shimamoto's. The surreal image of Naoko's naked shape under the moonlight is &quot;purer&quot; than that of Shimamoto's somewhat crude sexual deviance and perversion during her last encounter with Hajime, Toru's counterpart. Given that Murakami wrote &quot;South of the Border&quot; some years after &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; I presume the author did not want to create a character that supercedes Naoko's &quot;imperfect&quot; purity.
B000024D4R|5.0|This is without question the darkest entry in the Pink Floyd catalog. This is some of the most sinister music you will ever hear and it is also some of the best Waters-era Pink Floyd. Want to scare the bejeezus out of your unsuspecting friends some evening? Turn out the lights, light a few candles and put this album on. The album plays like a modern rock opera adaptation of George Orwell's Animal Farm and is bookended by the autobiographical &quot;Pigs On The Wing 1 and 2&quot;. I tend to think this song was included just to take the edge off the rest of the album because the remainder of the CD is seriously gothic. &quot;Sheep&quot; is an outstanding track and also the spookiest. A must-own for any serious Floyd fan and my personal favorite, scary or not.
B00004YA66|5.0|I just wanted to say that I, too, thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  From start to finish, it truly keeps you on the edge of your seat.  It is one of the few movies that moves me in that special way - the kind where you brace yourself every time the scene changes.  From the very first scene, the suspense does not stop.  It's the first movie in quite a while to make me feel this way.  Eight thumbs up to its creators.
B00004T9UF|2.0|On his &quot;Marshall Mathers LP&quot; Eminem implores listeners to &quot;love one another, sister and brother&quot; and cherish our differences rather than let them lead to hatred and prejudice. &quot;Don't need no hate, love is my fate&quot; he raps in the tender ballad &quot;Kim&quot;. He also makes a bold statement in support of gays and lesbians by defiantly rapping &quot;I'm Eminem and I'm here to say, I love you whether you're straight or gay.&quot; Other controversial topics Em weighs in on include the environment, euthenasia, capital punishment, affirmative action, the tension in the middle east and racial profiling. Em's message throughout seems to be &quot;let's heal the wounds of the past and work on making the future a little brighter for our children&quot;. Soldier on, Em!
B000002JEV|5.0|This album is an integral part of any Led Zep collection, especially for most fans (like me) who've never had the pleasure of seeing the band in concert.  <br />It captures, more completely than any other authorised recording (and more fully than many bootlegs), the peculiar and brilliant tension in the music of Led Zeppelin (as the name itself suggests) - the interplay of heavy and light, in Dave Lewis's phrase 'tight but loose'.  A pounding guitar and drum riff eases back fluidly to the softest plucking - blues electrified.  But unlike other white blues bands (let alone the heavy metal that would follow) Page retains the lightness of touch reminiscent of the original artists.  <br />The familiar studio versions - by now carefully plotted through multiple listenings, are here extended, opened out. This is an energetic reinfusion of life into that familiar ten album set.  It may take a few plays to get used to the raw style, after which the polish of the studios will seem a little bit too pat.  In improvisation and spontaneity we see the consummate live performers.  The timing of the vocal/guitar/rhythm dialogue is exquisite - giving both coherence and dynamism. Multiple textures and layers are added. Each note played, each new word or phrase enthusiastically uttered by Plant (&quot;I think I don't know what I'm saying, but I'm having a goood time!&quot;) suggests an infinity of possibilities. This album is a text of desire in its elusiveness, multiplicity, intensity, and temporal construction. (Forget the crass (&amp; often sexist) theme of masculine heterosexual lust).   <br />The word &quot;magic&quot; pronounced with nostalgia and awe in recollecting a Zep concert is only the beginning of a description. While lacking the 'majesty' of 'Kashmir', the words &quot;let me take you there&quot; are apt.  This journey is somewhere between quasi-religious (hippy) transcendance and sexual pleasure.
B000050XEI|4.0|Yes, folks - it is short, but it IS pretty sweet.  So many complaints of it sounding just like ALL of her other music - but I don't hear that (at least not 100 percent like some alledge.)   The music has changed some - for the better mostly.  The lyric writing by Roma has greatly improved, too - she really seems to have come into her own on this CD.  (Remember, Enya's &quot;music&quot; is a team effort here folks - she writes the music first, then turns over some of the tunes to Roma to come up with lyrics for them.)   I'm hoping she can come up with a way to do some live appearances soon - as well as building her next studio effort so that there's not a FIVE year wait for the next CD!
B000002KIC|4.0|THE LAST WALTZ is a document of the all-star last performance of The Band and as such it holds up pretty well. The Band does a great job on their hits, and all sing and play with enthusiasm, and as a live greatest hits collection this serves a purpose.   The interesting feature here is the variety of guest performances that make up the bulk of this concert.   Fair to middling:  Ronnie Hawkins does a serviceable job on \\"Who Do You Love\\" with a lot of yelling that works better with an audience.   Neil Diamond- Robertson worked with Diamond on BEAUTIFUL NOISE so his presents makes sense but I think \\"Beautiful Noise\\" would have been a better choice, where Diamond's over the top emoting would have been a better fit.    Dr. John- I like the good doctor but it just sounds like any other of his cuts; The Band adds nothing to the mix and the harmonies are really sloppy.    Paul Butterfield- His harp playing almost makes this one of the good ones, but the vocalization is pretty much an afterthought as he and Levon pretty much yell through the song.   Eric Clapton- pretty standard riffing here, nothing that really stands out.  Bobbie Charles- More sing along style, just very loose and an unfocussed.   The good stuff:  Neil Young- \\"Helpless\\" sounds as good here as anywhere else. With Joni Mitchell's ethereal backing vocals, this one is a keeper.  Joni Mitchell- \\"Coyote\\" is a good choice here. Her phrasing is excellent and forces The Band to keep pace, which they do admirably.  Muddy Waters- \\"Mannish Boy\\" has been done hundreds of times but this one is truly memorable with The Band setting up a rock solid rhythm for Waters's vocal gymnastics.  Van Morrison- Both contributions are excellent. He and The Band turn the froth that is \\"Tura-Lura-Lural\\" into a spiritual event with Manuel right there with him; then \\"Caravan\\" kicks into gear and it seems like this could have been one of The Band's own songs.  Of course the show has to close with Dylan and he does not disappoint. With a fierce performance, Dylan and The band reach back and find the groove they had in the past.  THE LAST WALTZ is well worth having as a part of your collection; it's a testament to one of the great bands of all time and there are a number of performances here that definitely make it woth having for fans of any number of performers.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|It looks like Beatlemania will be part of the new milenium and not just as a musical footnote.    It looks like as the new decade ,century and milenium,are concurrently begining ( Yes, 2001 not 2000 marks this ), something old is something new!  Well at least as far as music and the people who love music are concerned.  Beatlemania as a dominate pop cultural phenomenia of the 20th Century 1960's is being re-experienced again in the 21  Century with the release of the chart toping &quot;The Beatles 1&quot; CD and concurrently the &quot; Beatles Anthology &quot; Book ( #1 nonfiction best seller list).  Is this a paradox of time in any literal or figurtive sense ?  Is this merely coincidnece ?    Well it is neither.  What is realy happening is a transcendence of a particular positive cultural aspect in this  case the music of Lennon/McCartney and Harrison.  Exactly what does this mean ?  Basically the music really is that good.! What seems to be really transcendent are the energies, the ideas ,the spirituality of our friends the Beatles( please forgive the poetic liberties I am taking). More importantly there also seems to be a reciprocating synergy between the Beatles and their fans, both new and old alike.  This feeling is unlike anything else at least as far as music is concerned.     The &quot;Beatles 1&quot; extraordinary play list is highlighted by the same 24 bit technology used in the previous release of &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;.  Essentially the remastered recordings are sonically flawlwss , even if you own these songs already this disc is worth buying.  The (2000) state of the art digital technology transcends ( that word again) the state of the art 1960's techology.   One of the things worth noting are how chromatic the instrumentation sounds on all tracks, an excellent example is &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;. In the old days this would have required some very expensive equipment.  The mono tracks 1 -3 ,Love Me Do&quot;,From Me to You&quot; and &quot;She Loves You&quot; are excellent examples of how the FAB 4 may have sounded in the studio.  This should be of interest to new fans. My favorite tracks are the back to back single #1's of &quot;Daytripper&quot; and &quot;We Can Work it Out&quot;.  There are very few of these occurences in music history.  This is certainly noteworthy.     All 27 tracks were legitemate  #1's.  There are actually more  #1's recorded by the Beatles, e.g. &quot;Michelle&quot;,&quot;Nowhere Man&quot;,&quot;Twist and Shout&quot;,&quot;Please,Pleae Me&quot;,&quot;All My Loving&quot; and &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;. So why was this collection only  limited to a single disc?  I can only  speculate on this however one possible answer is in the fact that all of the mentioned songs can be found on #1 EP's, primarially in the UK.  These songs could be packaged with other top 10 hits and demo versions of Beatle songs that became top 10 hits.  Examples of this are &quot;A World Without Love&quot;, &quot;Those Were the Days&quot;, &quot;She Came in Through the Bathroom Window&quot;, and &quot; Child of Nature (Jealous Guy)&quot;.  I would not count on this happening though.     Now for a 2001 wish list, hopefully we can count on some of this happening.  Mono versions of &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;,&quot;Magical Mystery Tour &quot; and the &quot; White Album&quot;.  CD release of &quot;Beatles Live at the Hollywood Bowl ( Capitol)&quot; and &quot; Beatles Live in Italy (Parlophone)&quot;.  Release of the CD singles of the American Versions (Capitol et. al.) that were #1 in the US circa 1963 to 1970. I am particullary interested in &quot; I Want to hold Your Hand/I Saw Her Standing There&quot; ( my first Beatle record ).  How about some more Anthology Discography while we at it?  And Finally on the DVD front.  Where are the films &quot; Let it Be&quot;, and &quot;A Hard Days Night&quot; ? I am hoping to see the DVD's available soon.    Merry Christmas and a Happy new Year,Decade,Centuryand Milenium to everyone! No matter what your musical tastes are.  12/25/00 David Babinchak
0618001905|4.0|I loved this book and read it in one sitting.  It is always fascinating to discover a period that historians have virtually ignored.  One (anonymous) reviewer complained about the author's lack of credibility.  Did he stop reading half way through?  About a third of the book is citation.  I have never read a more thoroughly researched project.  The reviewer was from France I noticed.  Perhaps he is worried about a similar expose of their African holdings during the same time period.  If you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen Frenchy. My only regret is that the author, while he has written other books, doesn't have any more African histories.  He has me hooked.
0399146253|2.0|For the first time in all of the books I've read of Ms. Cornwell this is the first that I could not only &quot;put down&quot;, but halfway through I didn't care how it ended. Only that this tedious work of unbelievable fiction FINALLY did end. It was wordy and frequently redundant. An author of this caliber should concentrate on content and not the obviously payment per word.
0679879269|4.0|I enjoyed this book.  The continuing story of Lyra and Will was inspiring.  The book started off slow, but it began to pick up speed about 100 pages in. I know thats alot, but if you read the first two, you have to know what happens.  Trust me, its worth it.  The tale is beautifully woven and completes the journey wonderfully. The end was sad, but also happy.  You'll just have to read it to find out.  I commend Pullman for his superb trilogy.
B00000K0DQ|5.0|A double tour de force from writer-director Tim Robbins.  After condensing the autobiographical novel in which anti-death penalty proponent Sister Helen Prejean movingly recounted her experiences counseling condemned murderers in Louisiana, Robbins provides a fascinating counter-balance by giving equal emphasis to pro-death penalty advocates as represented by the victim's families.  The result?  A mature, gripping screenplay that doesn't pretend to provide glib answers to the many difficult questions it raises.<br />Such a powerful script demanded careful casting decisions, and Director Robbins scored a series of coups, assembling a roster of actors at the peak of their talents.  Susan Sarandon, a consistently fine actress, glows with inner conviction as Sister Helen, searching to apply spiritual truths in the unfamiliar realm of Death Row.  Sarandon's Oscar-winning performance is given an added measure of power by Sean Penn's wrenching portrait of composite killer Matthew Poncelot.  Penn is at once loathsome yet pitiable, brutal yet oddly vulnerable; his carefully nuanced performance is the embodiment of Sarandon's line about every person being &quot;better than their worst act&quot;.  Able support is offered by R. Lee Ermey, Celia Weston, and (especially) Raymond J. Barry as the parents of Penn's teen-aged victims; this trio's raw pain is extremely difficult to reconcile with the compassion that Penn's character tends to demand of the audience.<br />The DVD presentation of this modern classic is beautifully rendered, offering crisp, clear sound and sharp visuals.  The carefully composed camera shots are best appreciated in the film's original widescreen aspect ratio.  This DVD is highly recommended as an excellent film-to-video transfer of a superb movie, exploring a subject that will no doubt continue to be heatedly debated in American society for many years to come.
B000003TA4|5.0|This album came out a decade ago and I still can't put it down. I just worry that its brilliance will never be matched.
B0000507PC|2.0|The easy answer is that \\"The Cider House Rules\\" is about abortion.  Though life is pretty in the WWII New England mileau in which this flick is set, there are still unwanted children (many of whom are sickly) and no shortage of people who would save everybody the trouble of even having children to leave for adoption by getting a (then illegal) abortion.  Homer (Tobey McGuire) is an orphan raised by the saintly Dr. Larch (Michael Caine), and slowly trained to experienced perfection in every aspect of gynecological procedure.  Larch's proto-choice views are tempered (for those with pro-life/anti-choice types) by a seeming boundless compassion for the children housed in his orphanage, and also by the quiet dignity of his debates on the subject with Homer.  Homer staunchly opposes the idea, but the basis for his objection is not as clear (is it blind devotion to anti-abortion laws?  Is he stuck on the idea of life from conception?)  While the two charachters repeatedly discuss the right and wrong of abortion, and Homer reaches an apotheosis by the end of the story when (as if we couldn't see this coming a mile away) circumstances lead him to perform an abortion of his own, the director keeps the subject from becoming the story's focus.  When a young couple (Charlize Theron and Paul Rudd) invite Homer to come away with them, Homer, who has never gone far from the orphanage and hasn't even see the ocean once, jumps at the chance.  Leaving the hopelessness of Larch's orphanage (and the possibility he may have to perform the procedure that dare not mention its name), Homer joins a community of migrant laborers working for Theron's family.  Becoming an Apple-picker, Homer sees a world more rustic than he had ever known.  There is a sort of honesty to the hardy life of migrant labor, one that initially entrances Homer with its sincerity.  (The title takes its name from the sets of rules posted by Theron's mother in the living quarters for the workers.  Hoemr decides to returnthe favor by posting some rules of his own.)  The world of cider-making seems no-less mythic and insulated from the rest of the world than the orphanage, but Homer soon learns otheriwse.  An illicit affair with Charlize Theron and the specter of incest weaken Homer's once rock-solid resolve to his morals.<br />But it's all so forced.  Mcquire's passion for Theron seems so perfunctory - it comes out of nowehere.  And the supporting charachters- migrant-workers who spearhead the sea-change in Homer's anti-abortion views seem to exist only for that purpose: whether abortion or simply not smoking in the cider-house, Homer's instinct is to follow the rules.  But the workers and Theron's charachter seem to exist only to break Homer down.  It's impossible to say how hard the effort is because Homer seems to collapse whenever the chance arises.  The passage of time (which seems as ephemeral as in \\"Aspen Extreme\\") doesn't help - just how long has Homer held out before giving in?  Instead of confronting the abortion issue, the script is happy enough to turn Homer around until he is ready to assume the mantle of Larch himself. Whether you agree with choice/abortion or not, there is no underscoring the trauma that turns Homer around.  Thus \\"Cider House Rules\\" disengenuously takes the tragedy of moral compromise and serves it up as a triumph.
B000050XEI|5.0|After 5 years of anticipation from fans, the long-awaited album has finally hit the shelves.  And it has turned out well worth the wait.      Enya's ethereal and layered style is of course ever present in the record but this time around, the flavor and style are a little different.  A Day Without Rain tends to, at times, gravitate towards more of a pop sound rather than the usual mysterious New Age atmosphere.       I was particularly impressed with the song Fallen Embers because it is different than most of Enya's songs in the voice department.  In stead of that layered harmonized vocal sound, we have Enya singing solo, one voice.  It is, in my opinion, one of the purest sounds she has achieved thus far.     All of the songs together weave a story about one's journey through love.  Wild Child tells the joy and freedom of love while ONly Time of how only time tells.  Tempus Vernum is almost like the stormy weather that all relationships must endure and Tears on My Heart, the calm after the storm.  Flora's Secret is a refreshing tale of the secret exchange and reverie of lovers and Fallen Embers the sweet lament of that dream showering to the ground in glittering fragmentsOne by One and Pilgrim are self explanatory, and Lazy Days is a beautiful peice that contrasts with the rest of the album that really does feel like a lazy summer's day.    All in all, I would say that this album has been well worth waiting for.  Enya's slight deviation from her traditionally ethereal style is quite refreshing, and at the same time, familiar sounds and styles are still there.  Very good work.  Bravissimo!
B000050XEI|4.0|Many of the reviews I've read here have complained about the CD's 34 minute length.  I would counter that the quality of the material here more than makes up for it.  There is no filler, all the tracks are good.  This is my favorite Enya CD since &quot;Watermark&quot;.  It's gorgeous.
B000002UAR|5.0|This is quite possibly the finest moment in rock/pop music. Not a bad track abounds. You're taken in by melodies like &quot;For No One,&quot; rockers like &quot;Taxman,&quot; stories like &quot;Eleanor Rigby,&quot; and then get completely blown away by Lennon's acid trip on &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows.&quot; <br />A true, timeless masterpiece. The Beatles recorded many great albums, but none finer than this one.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Chuck Palahniuk's novel captures the growing discontent with consumer-capitalism with this dark story.  Fincher's adaption is excellent, as are the performances of Norton, and Pitt.<br />There is so much touched on in this movie, it's hard to list.  One major theme being the nihlism of modern society - and the all-too American obsession with acquiring material possesions to fill a spiritual and emotional void in one's life.  <br />Norton's character (an IKEA obssesed yuppie) finds an outlet for his angst in late night brawls with others who share his disillusionment.  Things escalate from there and culminate in a plot to bring about &quot;economic equalibrium,&quot; and a neo-tribal state harkening back to simpler times.   This work is a serious social critique. <br />Make no mistakes; its a Hollywood production all the way, but there is a lot being said here.  If you like this, I'd recommend reading some more of Palahniuk's stuff, and &quot;TAZ&quot; by Hakim Bey.
B00000APLB|1.0|Save for Charlie Watts, the Stones are horrible musicians who can't play live. It especially shows on this set, a recording made when Richards was in the midst of a serious herion addiction, and when Ronnie Wood was a major league boozer.<br />Jagger mumbles most of the lyrics. There are no background vocals. Keith was probably too stoned to remember the words to the songs.<br />Keep your money and buy the studio recordings.
0345350499|4.0|The Mists of Avalon cast magic onto its readers, capturing them in Arthurian England.  However, the book is not simply a beautiful retelling of the same story portrayed again and again by author after author.  Marion Zimmer Bradley, unlike many writers, put great effort into her research to produce her book to produce something believably authentic, yet she is not a slave to the traditional retellings.  The main character, Morgaine, is depicted is as a likeable human with good intentions rather than the one-dimensional cardboard cut out of an evil witch that Hollywood favours so much.  The other characters are similarly given a depth that many interpretations seem to lack - each character has its flaws that make them more relatable for the reader.  Marion was a brilliant writer and amazing woman; it was a great tragedy that the world has lost her.
B00000JMQE|5.0|First of all I'd like to clear up something that has bugged me. L. Frank Baum (creator and author of Oz and its stories) never wrote about the Emerald City in ruins, a crumbled Yellow Brick Road, or Dorothy in shock therapy as most reviewers seem to state unknowingly. Those were additions made by Disney, Baum did have the detachable heads and a Nome King (which was depicted as a Santa Claus looking character and he wasn't made of rocks). This spectacular movie is extremely close to the spirit of the original Oz books (which are also amazing and fun filled, not dark and scary) with a younger Dorothy (Judy Garland was amazing in The Wizard of Oz though), the characters looking more like the original drawings from the books, and a typical Ozzy plot with the Nome King trying to take over Oz. Although this movie doesn't take you back to the halycon days of MGM with little Judy and the munchkins trapsing down the Yellow Brick Road, you get something a little darker and more subdued(but NOT scary). The film is very entertaining filled with vivid performances by Fairuza Balk as Dorothy, Jean Marsh as Mombi, Nicole Williamson as Dr. Worley and the Nome King, and Piper Laurie as Auntie Em. Hopefully more people will discover the movie and enjoy it for the fine film it is. David Shire's beautiful score in this movie is arguably one of the best scores of the 80's.      Dorothy is back home in Kansas and its been 6 months since the tornado carried her and Toto to the Land of Oz. The new house is in the process of being built, Dorothy's Auntie Em and Uncle Henry are very happy to have their niece back. But lately Dorothy can't get to sleep and all she ever talks about is Oz and naturally her kin just think she hit her head and dreamed it up. So they take her to an electrical healing doctor(mind you, this is taking place in the year 1899 at the turn of the century) which promises to heal Dorothy of her dreams of Oz. I don't want to give too much away but she finds herself in Oz and sees that the Nome King has partially conquered Oz and the Emerald City with his accomplice, the evil Princess Mombi. Dorothy with her pet chicken, Billina, Tik-Tok the copper man and Royal Army of Oz, the simple and lovable Jack Pumpkinhead and the flying contraption with the head of a friendly Gump(an ozzy moose-like creature). Together they plan to restore Oz to its former peace and happiness and wait til you watch their adventures! An AWESOME movie recommended for audiences of ALL AGES!
076780046X|5.0|What can I say? Perfect cast, setting, music, beautiful story - this film has absolutely everything I could possibly want. Robert Downey Jr is so believeable, you could cry. When he's hurt, you feel it. When he turns on those steps, to try to reach her just one more time - who hasn't done the same? Quiet, sensitive touches by him are what is so memorable and outstanding.<br />Marisa Tomei also deserves applause. Her character is likeable, sweet, but not 'sacchariny'. Everyone pulls together to make a precious jewel of a film - the one I'll always put on at the end of a long, cold day to make me feel HUMAN again.<br />All time favourite.
B00004T9UH|4.0|The Ken Kaniff skit was just plain descusting it'll giva ya nightmares. But, the rest of the cd was good!
0783246641|4.0|I just saw the movie, and decided to see wat you people had to say about it - and after reading 10, only one (Alexander from London, UK) seem to have captured the essence of the film. It is not a comedy but a studio in grotesk behavier and if it makes you laugh instead of being chocked or intriged you are seing it the wrong way. Allso the end seems to go over your head, DID he infact kill them all or did'nt he?!?! And you have to be a woman to suggest DeCaprio instead of Christian Bale, DeCaprio is way to little and not the actor that Bale is... All in all the movie keeps you watching intense but i think it should have bin made more scary - I would call it an interesting thriller with a twist and very well played, but not a classic.
B000002L9B|5.0|you can't have a complete collection of prince's music without this cd whcih has to be his best.
6303234844|5.0|This is one of the best concert videos I have ever seen. Excellent image and sound quality. This is a MUST FOR DVD!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|My Wife had mentioned in passing that she wouldn't mind getting the CD with &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; on it for Christmas.  I had no idea who the performer was.  I went to the record store and they guided me to Savage Garden's latest release.  I bought it. Just prior to giving it to her, we gave our 10 year old son a CD that he had requested, &quot;Now 4&quot; with various artists on it.  When I saw that &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; was also on the &quot;Now&quot; CD, I immediately felt that I had wasted my money on the SG CD!  BOY! Was I wrong! We played the CD anyway and couldn't stop listening to it!  All of the songs kept us glued to the stereo.  We continued putting some just received Christmas presents together while listening to the CD on continuous!  &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; turned out to be somewhat &quot;HoHum&quot; compared to most of the other tracks.  As a person who grew up in the 70s and 80s listening to The Who, Pink Floyd, The Kinks, and yes, The Moody Blues, I must say that this type of music doesn't generally grab my attention.  But, the lyrics are deep and thoughtful and they pulled me into the music. I have never been attracted to a group of songs by the lyrics first and then the music as I have with this &quot;album&quot; (70's talk *S*).  This is my first day having anything to do with this music, but it definately won't be my last!  I just have to guard against playing it too much!
B00004TRD8|5.0|This DVD has everything you could expect.... well.. almost everything... You have specials, interviews, never seen before scenes (this is really cool), and many other things.... BUT.. you don't have subtitles in other languages, and in my case (I live in Peru) it's crucial, because my family can't watch a movie in pure english.<br /> Other aspect I dislike is the single layer disc... but I think by the time the DVD was made, double layer technology didn't exist.<br /> But I don't regret I bought this DVD, the special edition with all the new scenes is just great... I wonder how could they cut the scene when Arnold gets his head open.<br /> As 99% of people who read this reviews are from english-speakers countries, don't hessitate buying this title, it rocks.
B0000000LI|5.0|This review is for the laser/DVD version of this album.  The music is an excellent play on either.   It is not only the music that makes this album pleasurable, the Acropolis setting is spectacular and seeing the music played by the wonderfully passionate instrumentalists (especially the totally uncredited black female violinist) enhances the experience.  Loved the operatic encore duet adapted/arranged by Yanni.
B00003CXCS|5.0|I've always been a big fan of Julie A., and this movie is just great. I loved to sing the songs when I was a little kid.<br /> The DVD quality is great, the extras are very interesting, and the case is acceptable, less the disc holder, everytime I want to remove the disc, I feel I'm going to break it.<br /> The subtiles in english are ok, but in spanish they could write the translated versions of the songs, even better, they could include the spanish audio, the songs in spanish are as good as the english version, I wonder why they didn't. Isn't the best feature of a DVD the possibility to have many audio tracks and many subtitles. I think they should consider that.
0316286443|5.0|I loved, loved, loved Kevyn's last book \\"Making Faces\\" because I could add a lot of the looks he did in his book to my everyday face. His techniques and tips were helpful and well illustrated. In this book, I found more looks that I would want to experiment with, but a lot of the makeovers he did had to do with classical movie stars, and therefore not very practical for everyday use. Both the makeup and the photography in this book are stellar, and the celebrities and unknown people alike look fabulous! However, I would not recommend this book to anyone looking for basic makeup tips and ideas. Most of these looks are not for the office, much less daylight. But if you are interested in the art of makeup and designing character based makeup, this book is a must have. I saw this book at my beauty salon before I bought it, and I wanted it as soon as I saw how it featured pictures of people actually applying the makeup, and also when I noticed the faces of Julianne Moore, Tori Amos and some very pretty imperfect unfamiliar women that wore looks I could see myself in. FINAL VERDICT: Delightful for women who want to experiment and explore the artistry of makeup. Not suggested as a starting point for people seeking basic makeup know-how. If you do decide to get this book, I suggest taking some signature looks of the timeless celebrity faces and make them part of your style. I can't wait to add a little bit of Elizabeth Taylor's eye makeup into my everyday routine!
B00003CX8J|5.0|While many fans of The X-Men comics had some trepidations about the film adaptation of the most successful comic book ever, they didn't have to worry.  X-Men turned out to be one of the best comic book adaptations ever, if not THE best.  Character and plot are the main focus of this film, unlike the Batman series which degenerated into &quot;visuals and style first, story and character second.&quot;  Hugh Jackman turned out to be a darned good Wolverine, and Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen are outstanding - as usual.  The interesting thing about X-Men is that it really isn't presented as a Comic Book on the big screen.  It is treated as a serious film, about a serious topic (prejudice and discrimination) rather than just superheroes duking it out.  Director Bryan Singer treated the material with respect and did a fine job with both the actors AND the action sequences.  If you're looking for an action movie with some depth, X marks the spot.  The DVD package is above average, but could have been better.  Still, the picture is excellent, and there are enough extras to satisfy most die-hard fans.  Buy it.
B000050XEI|5.0|The eery sensual sound of Enya takes you to a world of relaxing fantasy. From the beginning to the end it makes you feel that you are para sailing spiritually in another realm of conscience. Very well done and I give it 4 auras.  Listen to it with someone near and dear to you!
B0000028UK|4.0|Vs. may not be on the same level as Ten, but it's still a strong album in its own right. It's an eclectic album, adding groovy and folksy elements to its hard rock base. Some strong points include the phenomenal &quot;Dissident&quot; (the best song on the album), &quot;Daughter&quot;, and &quot;Glorified G.&quot; The album has a few weaker points, especially &quot;Blood&quot;, but on the whole it is a good album with some great moments.
6301543408|4.0|For the last 11 years, Star Trek V has been criticized mercilessly by critics, alleged Star Trek &quot;fans&quot; and even some Next Generation cast members.  <br />Yes, there is sloppy editing in points and if you are obsessed with special effects, then I guess there are some slips here and there.<br />However, the film offers a good deal of interesting moments.  We finally get to see Kirk, Spock and McCoy explore their friendship in a venue other than the ship!!  Most importantly however, the much maligned Shatner, long criticized for hogging screen time, gives us more of ALL of the co-stars than we see the in the other Trek films.  The Motion Picture offered virtually nothing for Uhura, Scotty, Chekov and Sulu to do.  ST II gave Chekov a little more screen time but Uhura, Sulu and especially Scotty were hard to find.  (Not to mention that the theatrical cut of II removes a fine scene with James Doohan in sick bay when his apprentice dies and Scotty asks Kirk why?  A powerful scene left on the editing room floor.)  III leaves Uhura in the dust somewhere, in IV Sulu might as well not be there and in VI, again Sulu gets short shrift as do the rest.<br />In V, everybody gets in on the action.  Uhura is allowed to do more than just open hailing frequencies, she flies the shuttle, distracts the Nimubs III outpost guards etc.  Chekov has some nice moments as the &quot;Captain&quot;.  Sulu is on the ground with Kirk as he was in the original series.  Scotty is allowed to venture out of the engine room.  The jail break scene is priceless!  <br />More than any of the other films, V has the feel of the first two seasons of the original series where more attention was paid to the co-stars.   In V you get the feeling that these characters are really something of a family and that they care about each other.  <br />Particulary effective is the characterization of Spock.  Nimoy does a nice turn playing a weaker, more unsure Spock which is how the character should be played given the events in III and IV.  However, as the movie progresses, Spock gets stronger.  His old nature slowly returns as the challenges mount and finally the Spock of old is back when he takes command of the Enterprise in an attempt to save Kirk.  He says to the old Klingon General, &quot;You will try&quot; when the General hesitates to confront a hostile bird of prey.  In those three words, Spock's ability to command is fully returned to him.  Something he had lost after he died.  I find in this movie that Spock is not only unsure of his actions regarding Sybok, but that the sub text is that he is questioning his ability to be an officer in Starfleet.<br />Five has various problems agreed, but the characters are never closer.  <br />That closeness holds somewhat in VI only to be butchered yet again in the horrific Star Trek Generations.   The only time that picture is at all intersting is when the old crew or in the later parts, Kirk, is on screen.  Again, cut were made which reduced Koenig and Doohan's roles to virtually nothing and though the addition of Sulu's daughter is a nice touch, Kirk's apparent unfamiliarity with her is disturbing.  Yes it is supposed to show that Kirk gave up a personal life blah blah blah.  But why not have Kirk responsible for helping her through her career in Starfleet afterall, though Generations leads us to believe differently, Kirk's devotion was not just to the Captain's Chair and his duty, but also to his ship and crew.  <br />I cherish V because it does effectively what ALL the original Trek movies should have done more of, give more story time to the co-stars and show the powerful connections between all seven of the characters.
B0000027RL|5.0|To say that this is the best rock album of the 90's would not be much of an overstatement; it is definitely one of the best. Ten is a pure rock-and-roll masterpiece. From the pounding entrance of &quot;Once&quot; to the brilliant &quot;Alive&quot; to the haunting, mesmerizing &quot;Black&quot; , this album is strong throughout, and probably the most listenable album from the grunge rock era. Anyone who enjoys top-notch rock music won't be disappointed by this album.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you like alot of action, and tons of special effects, THIS IS THE DVD.  This movie had a pretty good story line, but is kinda confusing.  It takes me about 2-3 times to fully understand movies.  The scenes in this movie are incredible, such people dodging bullents in slow motion.  This is the future of all movies.
6304711905|2.0|I love the movie, but it's a shame that it's only offered in 2.0 sound.  In this day and age all DVD's should have 5.1 or DTS.  Again, it's a great movie but I'd like to see a second release with &quot;real&quot; surround sound!  The 2.0 surround sound dosen't do the gun fights any justice.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|In no way is this album going to please everyone.  If I had sequenced the disc, I would have immediately done away with the &quot;Number One&quot; concept and let the music do the talking instead.  The disc seems too McCartney-heavy, especially towards the end, when McCartney concentrated more on scoring number one hit singles (perhaps so he could dominate a future Beatles Greatest Hits disc?) while Lennon spent more time on the music and less thinking about the overall chart ranking of a song.  <br />What you have here is a decent disc, one that will please everyone in some way.  For me, it was hearing how alive &quot;Help!&quot; sounded in its remastered form.  Too bad both Lennon and (especially) Harrison get slighted on this disc.  Sure, some songs are missing that obviously should have been included (&quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, &quot;I Am The Walrus&quot;, &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot;, and &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot; to name a few), but, to be fair, they were dealing with the limitations of a single 80 minute disc and couldn't fit everything on it.<br />This is odd to recommend.  Every track is lovely, and proves the fact that the Beatles accomplished a lot more in their short time together than most bands do after making music for decades.  But then there's the bad taste of greed and chart domination the disc leaves in my mouth.  As a review I read earlier this week stated, do I really need a sales chart to tell me the Beatles were a great band?<br />Final thought:  Go ahead and pick it up.  It's still great music, after all, and a lot of the tracks sound better than they ever have.  But be warned: You'll probably spend more time picking the track listing apart than listening to the music.
0800177177|5.0|(spoilers???))<br />the only thing horrific was that Dracula actually Died here.  Sure I know what the legends are like but it's not actually like Dracula existed.  With Fictional characters it's always easy to bend them a little.  I personally love this movie.  I personally think it's Winona Ryder's best movie and one Of Gary Oldman's best.  Who couldn't forget his laugh.  Planning on buying the DVD in a few days.  A must for every couple. :)
0679423001|4.0|Waugh's technique as a noncomic prose stylist can be summarized as follows: adopt an unhappy view of the world and describe it with strange nouns. Fine as this book undoubtedly is, that does not make for timeless writing. What you have in Brideshead Revisited is an advanced lexicon made to seem grave and thoughtful by the unreasonably harsh view its characters take of luxury. I am not here to denounce the rich and I'm sympathetic to the kind of love described in this book. I think, however, that I was bored by the 450th word for flower turned out by the end of Book One. This seems quibbling but God must be in the details, and I think the incompleteness sensed by other reviewers on this site is a result of Waugh's preference for unusual words over unusual meaning.
0393312836|5.0|La naranja mecnica.     Anthony Burgess<br />La eleccin del bien y del mal, la capacidad del ser humano de poder elegir entre los dos es lo que lo hace humano. Pero, porque alguna gente elige ser malo o hacer el mal sin motivo aparente, excepto el placer del mal? Este es uno de los temas principales que trata el autor, uno que no  queda resuelto pero que atraviesa el libro de principio al fin. Si no tuvisemos esa  capacidad para elegir, seriamos menos humanos, meras maquinas al servicio de un Dios que no tiene un plan, pero como podemos elegir, podemos rechazar el bien y servir la causa del mal, aunque jamas entender como la gente se siente bien o deriva placer de portarse mal. Es una de las cosas que estn fuera del alcance de mi tal vez corto e ingenuo entendimiento.<br />La novela es acertada y proftica, ya que en estos tiempos esa  clase de violencia la podemos ver todos los das en los noticiarios, nios que matan nios, adultos que matan adultos y nios sin motivo aparente y sin ningn tipo de remordimiento o arrepentimiento.<br />Despus de ponimar la situacin largamente y goborar conmigo mismo sobre el destino de la crisna humana. Me encuentro en uno de esos callejones existenciales que parecen  no tener respuesta-salida para mis ponimaciones. No tengo respuestas satisfactorias en mi golova para lo que le pasa a la humanidad y creo que lo mejor para mi y para todos es seguir viviendo y tratar dentro de lo posible de elegir el bien por nuestro bien-estar y el de nuestros drugos y familiares.<br />En trminos de realizacin la novela esta muy bien hecha y despus de haberla ledo cuidadosamente creo que el capitulo 21 ( el final) es muy necesario aunque muchos digan que es una traicin  a la novela de ultraviolencia y maldad. Ese capitulo muestra una solucin y una salida para Alex, nuestro humilde narrador. El camino hacia la madurez y un cambio en la forma de pensar, ya que se da cuenta de que algn da ser un starrio viejo comolos dems y de que tendr hijos que quizs repetirn su camino aun cuando el no lo desee.<br />La pelcula de este libro es excelente aunque prescinda del ultimo capitulo. Esta en cada lector hacer el juicio final al libro, dejarlo como libro de ultraviolencia o ponerle el fin didctico que el autor deseaba. De todas formas es un libro excelente.<br />Luis Mendez.
6303109950|4.0|My former boss James told me this was a good movie, so I decided to rent it. As someone who likes Marlowe, Shakespeare, and Dickens, I was not really expecting a great movie. Boy was I wrong! The movie is NEVER boring. The images are well done, and the characters are quite captivating. The Earps build suspense well when they do not want to get involved in what's going on, but gradually find out they have no choice. Wyatt is convincing when a death in the family kills his spirit for a moment, but soon afterwards it unleashes his full fury. It is interesting how he compares himself to the 4 horsemen in Revelation. I also found it striking that some of the cowboys (the bad guys) eventually got so tired of how far their colleagues were going, that they switched right over to Wyatt's side. Kilmer and Elliot are over the top as Virgil and Doc Holiday. (Who would have thought that these actors would combine so well? Well they did!) I will conclude by saying that the movie is NOT just action. The story is well constructed and convincing. Would you believe there is even a brief scene of Marlowe's &quot;Faustus&quot; and Shakespeare's &quot;Henry V?&quot; Even if you don't really like westerns, you will probably like this one.
B000007NYS|5.0|To me, this is Lucinda's best work.  Everything else she has released is brilliant but this one really comes together.  I really like every song on this CD, even the bonus tunes and the unfinished last track.  This one ranks right up there with Joni Mitchell's Blue and the best of Dylan, maybe even better.  My only regret is that she did not release more music between the wonderful Happy Woman Blues and this album!
B00000251N|5.0|I freely admit to being one of the millions of Neil Diamond fans out there, so that may cast me into the &quot;uncool&quot; category in some circles. But even the cynic cannot logically argue that Neil Diamond is one of the best songwriters and live performers of the last half-century. From the songwriting standpoint, &quot;Jonathan Livingston Seagull&quot; is one of the highlights of Diamond's career.<br />I read the Richard Bach book upon which the movie (which I never saw) and this soundtrack were based. However, one really needn't be familiar with the book or movie to follow along with the music on this disc. Neil Diamond arranges this music perfectly along the story of this gull's spiritual journey. <br />Diamond manages to capture this spirituality in the music of &quot;Jonathan Livingston Seagull&quot;, which gives the listener a relaxing and poignant - if not also emotional - experience rarely found on one disc. Coming in the midst of Diamond's maturity as a songwriter and composer, &quot;JLS&quot; speaks as much to Diamond's personal evolution as it does about the seagull he writes about. <br />The tracks incorporates wonderful orchestral arrangements into the mostly acoustic/piano-driven music. &quot;Be&quot; is a classic song that speaks to the question of spiritual fulfillment. The tandem of &quot;Dear Father&quot; and &quot;Lonely Looking Sky&quot; are the emotional anchors of this disc, reflecting the gull's arrival at &quot;rock-bottom&quot; desperation. &quot;Skybird&quot;, the most up-tempo track here, is uplifting in its lyrical sense of resurrection and hope. In between are many instrumentals which combine portions of these songs. Some may find these to be repetitive and redundant, but are wonderful in carrying the mood and bridging the various chapters in the gull's story.<br />&quot;Jonathan Livingston Seagull&quot; is one of Neil Diamond's landmark albums, and as such, deserves to be considered as one of his essentials (along with &quot;The Jazz Singer&quot;, &quot;Beautiful Noise&quot;, &quot;Classics: The Early Years&quot;, and the two &quot;Hot August Night&quot; discs). Those new to Neil Diamond may not fully like or appreciate &quot;Jonathan Livingston Seagull&quot; right away, but with time it will grow to be a favorite. The power of the songwriting and the sense of spirituality conveyed in this disc are not easily ignored, nor should they be.
630575067X|5.0|I have to admit there are some things in this movie they make sorta dumb, primarily Jar Jar Binks. But I just put that factor out of my mind and enjoy the ride. I believe this movie is just as classic as the original triligoy. As we all know this is a prequel to the original trilogy, taking place 30 or so years before the orignal Star Wars, Episode 4. This is of course episode 1 which features young Anakin Skywalker(Jake Lloyd) and a planet in danger with a trade federation situation. Among our cast we have Jedi master Qui-Gon Jin(Liam Neeson), Obi-Wan Kenobi(Ewan MacGregor), Princess Amidala/Padme(Natalie Portman), Yoda, and Mace Window(Samuel L. Jackson). People who appear younger who are older in the later episodes include Anakin who later is Darth Vader, Darth Sidous/Senator Palpatine who later becomes the evil emporer, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and Jabba The Hut just to point out a few. Its a great movie and I can't wait for Episode II due sometime in 2002! Rated PG(suprisingly not PG-13)for violence.
B00001SIES|5.0|I bought this CD on a whim; I was low on cash, and needed something cheap.  I wasn't expecting much from it, which was a huge mistake.  The lead singer has an absolutely angelic voice, and I love to hear piano music in hard rock.  Their songs remind me of every type of music out there; I can hear reggae, pop, even a little classical influence. Although it is a great CD, I think Muse's music is too straight-forward and boisterous to be truly embraced by popular music.  But hey, they're still good, even if none of my friends have ever heard of them.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I myself have just recently began to like the band Radiohead. After I heard such songs as &quot;Paranoid-Android&quot; and &quot;Karma Police&quot; I knew that I had to get the album. In this case it was &quot;Ok Computer&quot;. Luckily I recieved it as a Christmas present. &quot;Ok Computer is an excellent mix of keyboards(sometimes piano) and guitars. Add in Thom Yorke's elastic , melodramatic voice , and you've got this album. My personal favorite song is &quot;Karma Police&quot;. I seriously suggest anyone who is a fan or just looking for a great album should pick up &quot;OK Computer.&quot;
0967984602|5.0|Reading Kiko Denzer's book for the second time this December, as I thought about friends who would most enjoy a copy as a present, I was struck again by the artistic beauty and integrity of the book as a whole. Unlike most manuals, Denzer talks about life, not just bread, or ovens, or art. <br />The sculptural ovens delight the eye; the color photos and flowing drawings inspire. The instructions are clear and suffused with a philosophy of simple, harmonious living. Quotes add an unexpected depth. Finally, the explanation of bread-making science and technique makes a full circle of the various experiences of making, eating, and living. <br />The design and excellent presentation has drawn positive comments from friends, anthropologists, ecologists, as well as visitors and professional community workers from Mali, Tunisia, Japan, England, Ireland. Another friend, after seeing the book, went home with plans to build an oven for the intentional community where she lives. <br />As a Peace Corps Volunteer, I helped people build improved cook stoves (out of earth) in West Africa. Now, as an anthropologist, professor, trainer, and returned Volunteer I especially appreciate instructional texts that respect traditions of living within material limits. I would highly recommend this book, not only to home bakers and builders, but particularly to teachers and others who work in community settings.
B00004XPP0|5.0|Many reviewers gave this product a low star rate because the trilogy wasnt released on DVD or because the trailer to episode II wasnt up to their expectations.<br />Those complaints *are* valid, but :<br />* Some people dont have DVD - they are students like me who have to settle for a video and a 14&quot; TV and still want to have the trilogy available at home. VHS &amp; DVD are two different products, and the lack of one doesnt change the other.<br />* This product is the trilogy on viedo cassetes, and the trailer is just a bonus. The trailer might be a disappointing, but it's still just a bonus - it's not the product itself.<br />Having said that, I think this is an excellent product - as far as VHS goes, the cassetes are of good quality and are worth the money for someone who just wants this product for what it is - 97 edition of the trilogy on video cassetes.<br />If you have the original trilogy and not really interested in the added scenes and retouches, feel free not to spend money and buy this new release - they really dont make a big difference.
B00003CXAE|5.0|It was my best of... when I was teenager. I wached it almost every evening. The whole film is in my mind (every word every move).
079073804X|5.0|This little gem of a movie - which, I think suffers a bit in the small screen format- gave me and my family lots of warm memories.<br />I remember, for example, my little brother, who,  after seeing this movie learned to stick out his tongue way out and say, &quot;Lick me! Lick me!&quot; He didn't think it was a much too vulgar display of power.<br />I remember seeing this flick in the theatres.  The audience reaction at this film was amusing. Whenever that pesky demon did a naughty bit, first you'd hear a gasp, followed, a few seconds later, by a  titter of laughter.<br />A great flick.  Made me learn to love pea soup.
630204135X|5.0|This is one of Bergman's most challenging psychological studies ever.  It asks (or rather inspires the viewer to ask) radical questions about personality, identity and character by presenting a woman who one day just stops living her life; stops talking, working or responding to others.  This rejection of both self and society poses a threat to others who don't know how to interpret what is going on and can't ask her directly.  Is your identity (&quot;persona&quot;) something you are--a personal soul or essence?  Is it something you choose to do (a series of actions)?  Is it a role forced on you by society and culture?  All Bergman fans should have a copy of this film.  It is at least as essential as *The Seventh Seal* and much more important than anything he did in the 70s and 80s.  Many of his films are about the silence or non-existence of God; but *Persona* dares to show us a world in which we are not even sure that people truly exist.
B00003CX8I|5.0|As someone who used to watch the cartoon version with her little brother years ago, I have to say this was an awesome movie. It was completely true to form and the acting and effects were incredibly well done. It can be enjoyed as an action flick and yet holds deeper meaning. I did miss Gambit and Beast. Hopefully there will be a sequel! SEE THIS FILM!
B00003W8NM|5.0|FIGHT CLUB is one of those rare films that cannot be fully judged until several years from its release.  I consider it the BLADE RUNNER of the 90s - BLADE RUNNER was hugely influential and changed film in many ways.  FIGHT CLUB is the same.  It is the ultimate guy film.  I was fortunate enough to see this in the theater and I wish this had done better at the box office, because it deserved it.  Ed Norton and Brad Pitt do career work here, as well as Helena Bonham-Carter.  David Fincher has crafted a masterpiece of timing and precision.  You literally do not know what will happen next.<br />Is FIGHT CLUB violent?  Well, duh.  Of course it's violent.  For these characters violence is catharsis.  They are incapable of expressing themselves in other ways.  Does it celebrate violence?  No.  It just shows how it honestly is.  For men, violence IS a rush.  It IS a drug.  And like most drugs, it becomes addictive and unhealthy.  FIGHT CLUB is about men so frightened of change that they have to stoop to violence because they simply can't think of another way.  As the box set says, it is the first film of the new millennium.<br />And how about that box set?  Funny how a film that makes fun of our need for &quot;stuff&quot; has the best packaging of any DVD this year.  But that's part of the movie too - don't need it, gotta have it.  But for the DVD fetishist, this one has everything - 4 commentaries, deleted scenes, documentaries, hidden stuff, previews and trailers (my favorite are the public service anouncements - those should have been released as trailers).  The picture and the sound quality are top-notch (hopefully Fox will release a DTS version in the future, but that's the only complaint).  The people who produced this DVD knew what they were doing, and now FIGHT CLUB is the watermark to measure all DVDs by.  Even the Criterion collection cannot compete (except maybe for BRAZIL).<br />Love it or hate it, FIGHT CLUB is required viewing for anyone who considers themselves a film fan.  And the DVD is pretty much required owning.
B000000WCA|4.0|I like Pop music a lot. The Spice Girls are #1 on my list. Spice contains my favorite song, Love Thing.But It is not all great. That is why it is 4 stars and not 5.Boy Bands Move Over!
B00005636I|4.0|This is the first album from Dissection, the band that pretty much lead the way for several Swedish and foreign melodic death/black-metal bands to come. Somberlain contains 11 tracks, and three of them are short classical pieces played with acoustic guitar. <br />The music is dark and atmospheric, with enchanting melodies that captures the listener. There are furious and fast parts and there are calm and slower ones in almost all songs. The disc begins with &quot;Black Horizons&quot; wich is an 8-minute epic which I believe is the best song on the album (and the best song Dissection has ever made). Other highlights includes &quot;Frozen&quot; and &quot;In The Cold Winds Of Nowhere&quot;.<br />As I said before the album includes three short acoustic pieces, and they really add to the dark atmosphere of the record and provides a welcoming place to rest your ears between the other songs. <br />Song-wise, I would give this album 5 stars, but it fails on the production. It's not bad and we are not spoiled by good productions from this time (around 1993) but the production is just what bugs me. For example, the general sound quality is pretty noisy and the bassdrum sounds very triggered. I am somewhat of an audiophile, so please don't let this stop you from buying this album.<br />Dissection would later release what would become their last album &quot;Storm of the Light's Bane&quot; which I also recommend, but if you only want one Dissection album, this is the one to buy.
0316286850|5.0|I found the book very inspiring in many ways. When I recieved &quot;Making faces&quot; last year, I was quite surprised how difficult makeup application can be. Kevyn goes through his steps very clearly, enabling us to recreate the same or similar results. It's quite surprising how Kevyn has captured so many dazzling effects on the same models. The book is hard to put down, because I find everything about it amazing. Especially the before &amp; after makeovers. Thats set after my own heart.<br />When I saw Courtney Love's makeover, I thought &quot;it can't be her&quot;. We are so used to see her as a punk rocker. After reading this book, I took the opportunity to purchase some of the hard to find products. I had quite a fun time trying to explain whom &amp; what they were for. &quot;Making faces&quot; is very inspiring to me because of the many ideas. My reason for that is that I'd rather use the more daring ideas, not forgetting my &quot;daring is better&quot; motto. Kevyn obviously uses that motto too!<br />There's more to read about the models on their pages. Kevyn's point of view on his models is interesting, as I see a totally different side to each of them. What else can I say? The book is a great gift to recieve, as happened to me. I recommend it to anybody who appreciates talent makeup-wise. What I would like to see though, is Kevyn's 2nd side. He should do a makeover on himself, as a treat to his readers. It would probably be a laugh, as he's more masculine &amp; chiseled.<br />&quot;Making faces&quot; is an encouragement to woman &amp; makeup artists of all ages. The one thing I'd be even more encouraged about is if Kevyn could put (stores where the products are available). I had to search high and low for 2 products, only to fing out they weren't the official thing. If Kevyn included the store names most shopped, and local store names too, it would make the trip more fun.<br />The color photos are amazing! I never really appreciated photography until now! Also, I must mention the incredible hairstyles for his models. The whole book leaves me excited. The possibilities are endless now. As I said before, &quot;Making faces&quot; is a great inspiration for me &amp; my friends. It even raised some interested eyebrows in my own family!<br />Get the book now, considering the holidays are over. I think you'll appreciate Kevyn Aucoin for his magic &amp; talent. Of course, the prices will be cheaper after 4 years of publishing. I recommend the hard cover, even though I have the paperback version. This is because I prefer books that don't fold and crease too easily. Enjoy!<br />Bye for now. Did my review help you?Also, I must mention the incredible hairstyles for his models. The whole book leaves me excited. The possibilities are endless now. As I said before, &quot;Making faces&quot; is a great inspiration for me &amp; my friends. It even raised some interested eyebrows in my own family! <br />Get the book now, considering the holidays are over. I think you'll appreciate Kevyn Aucoin for his magic &amp; talent. Of course, the prices will be cheaper after 4 years of publishing. I recommend the hard cover, even though I have the paperback version. This is because I prefer books that don't fold and crease too easily. Enjoy!<br />Bye for now. Did my review help you?
0385484518|4.0|If we're lucky, we get to meet one person in our life who has the ability - both through example and expression - to get it through our thick skulls that life is, indeed, a gift. <br />Mitch Albom, a renowned sports writer, is blessed to find this person in Morrie Schwartz, his college professor from twenty years ago. When his former mentor is interviewed by Ted Koppel on Nightline, Mr. Albom learns that Morrie is dying from Lou Gehrig's Disease.  <br />His first visit blooms into a regular Tuesday appointment, hence &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie.&quot; Mr. Albom chronicles the life lesson taught during each visit. Those lessons cover subjects ranging from marriage, to forgiveness, to the inevitability of death.<br />Professor Morrie Schwartz knew how to live, and he died with grace and dignity doing what he did best, teaching the most important lessons of all. Thankfully, they were recorded and passed on by a skilled and caring journalist. Mr. Albom has done his mentor proud.
B00003CXDB|5.0|This was the one DVD I specifically asked for for x-mas, and I was not disappointed, overall. The &quot;making of&quot; documentary is great with recent interviews from Oliver Stone, Michael Douglas, Charlie Sheen, and Martin Sheen. This portion is about 60 mins, and very interesting. Stone's running commentary is good too. However, the only time you'll get to see the true widescreen version of the film, is when they cut to the film during the documentary. Otherwise, you're not really missing much on the VHS version vs. the DVD version of the movie itself. The movie is not a true widescreen format. This was a disappointment to me, but the other features definitely make the DVD worth it.
B0000562AY|5.0|This is surely a great Christmas CD. While most of the tracks are the same from The U.S release it is still a wonderful cd. I would recommend only buying it for diehard mariah fans, otherwise you should get the U.S release.  The songs are all sung with spirit from the uplifting &quot;All I want for Christmas is You&quot; to the soulful &quot;Hark the Hearald Angels sing&quot;.  Three of the songs on this CD were written by Mariah, they are &quot;All I want for Christmas is You&quot;, &quot;Miss You Most (At Christmas Time&quot; and &quot;Jesus Born On This Day&quot;.  This CD is not only a great Christmas CD but a good one to listen to all year long.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I was sceptical at first before purchasing this CD.  Most new metal bands these days are far to repetitive with loud monotonous rumbling from guitars and singers.  But Slipknot have shown real character in the production of their masterpiece.  Each song has relevance in the lyrics, are extremely difficult to cover (I have played drums for 8 years and I struggle to play through some or their songs) and the music itself shows real innovation.  For example, Clown (Shawn) uses a beer keg in his line-up of drums.  Not only is it for show, it creates a unique, anvil-like sound.  Sic has one of the best intros you will ever hear from a song, while eyeless and diluted have a real bassy drive to them.  In all, there are 16 tracks on this CD that most bands would be pleased to have one of.  If you are a hardcore or alternative fan, you have got to get this CD.  It is a must - no arguments.  It is THAT good.  And one more thing for people out there who may hate them and think this review is pointless:  Stick to Wheatus or whatever teeny-bobber crap you listen to.  If you don't like them, don't review, don't listen to them and no-one will care.  Their songs should be judged for just that; their songs, and not their image.  I'm off to cram some more music in my head.  Later...
B00004W3MS|5.0|It has been a long time since I have been so happy with a cd.  I must admit that I bought this cd because of the hype - and I'm glad I did.  This is one of the most incredible pieces of music I've ever heard in my life.  The piano in the song &quot;Staralfur&quot; is just amazing, with just a touch of acoustic guitar to remind you that these are real people.  Every moment of this album is like a beautiful dream.  It's almost as if you've died and gone to heaven and this is what is playing over the loudspeakers in god's house.  The single, &quot;Ny Batteri&quot;, is an epic.  It's actually a bit different than the rest of the album.  It is more drenched with drums and guitar, but yet maintains the dreaminess that this album portrays.  Without a doubt my favorite song on this album has got to be &quot;Olsen Olsen&quot;.  Mind you - all the songs on this album are long, but this is one song I wish would play for an hour.  It is probably the most perfect song ever recorded for driving in you car at night.  You feel special, like your the only one that knows about this gem of a group.  Without going on forever I will simply tell you to definately buy this cd.  I promise you will not regret it.
0790734850|5.0|This was one of the best movies in recent memory. All the actors were fantastic and the plot was multi-layered and thorough. This is one to own.
6304119046|5.0|Citizen Kane is considered by many, with Casablanca, to be the best American movie in history. Although I am not an avid movie-goer or a film buff, I can't disagree with that appreciation. It is certainly the greatest movie I have ever seen.<br />Despite being in b/w, Welles' use of light and camera angles is nothing short of stunning, esp. the group scene after the first newsreel. One little problem, though : I don't know if it's because of this recording in particular, but the sound volume grows terribly loud as the movie progresses, so keep your remote in hand.<br />But the most incredible aspect of this movie is without a doubt the story. We follow the quest of a journalist as he is assigned to find out the meaning behind Charles Kane's dying word : &quot;rosebud&quot;. The journalist goes to talk to many people who knew Kane during his life, and gives rise to numerous flashbacks of their contacts with Kane.<br />Despite his never-ending wealth and ambition, Charles Foster Kane is a complex and tortured man. He runs a newspaper empire, attempts to run for governor, and erects a gargantuan castle called &quot;Xanadu&quot;, where he cannot find peace. His apparent paradoxal nature is explained when we understand that what he seeks is love, but on his own terms. He seeks what he does not have.<br />This movie is powerful and asks pointed questions about, for example, the difference between egoism and self-centeredness, and how this affects our view of the world. This is, in a good sense, a very spiritual and involving movie.
630305904X|5.0|First off, I've never been able to finish Virginia Woolf's high-camp novel, with its uneasy attempt to blend love letter and politicosexual analysis, but that doesn't matter.  I saw &quot;Orlando&quot; in the cinema when it first came out and it was one of the few films around that made me feel glad to be alive.<br />Negative criticism of Tilda Swinton's cool performance is beside the point.  Her calm and control is perfect; Orlando has to go from being a naive boy to a mature woman, and by the end of the film, even though Swinton has hardly broken a sweat, her long stare into the camera makes her seem truly iconic.  It's one of the best film performances of the 90s.  But Swinton has been too striking and unnerving an actor to ever be a big star, even if she wants to be, which seems unlikely.   <br />Woolf's &quot;Orlando&quot; strikes me as overwritten and silly.  Potter's &quot;Orlando&quot; is glorious, with some hilariously exaggerated costume design (from Sandy Powell, who cut her teeth with the even more left-field Derek Jarman), gorgeous music and striking performances from, amongst others, Billy Zane as Orlando's dashing lover and Heathcote Williams as a snide, money-hungry poet.  It's an essay in contemporary sexuality, which almost makes me appreciate the music of Jimmy Somerville.<br />I can't think of many more haunting moments than the last five minutes; essays could be written on Orlando's Gaze.  Swinton spends much of the film looking at people, searching for clues, trying to take it all in; by the end she seems to found it, and made it her own, and this is why her impassive stare and slight smile are so moving.  I'm biased cause I'm a fan.
B0000024R8|4.0|With heartfelt, belting vocals, and cheery guitar play Bob Dylan is not only an important piece of the Dylan puzzle but also fun to listen too.  Though most songs are not written by him, all songs are sung, it appears, directly from his soul.  The album is a tribute to old folk and blues, as well as an introduction to an up and coming artist.  It may not be for all tastes and may even be a hard swallow for light Dylan fans, but it is well worth a listen by anyone who loves music.  Enjoy.
0192817833|3.0|Charles Darwin's The Origin of species was published in 1859 and he basically believes and tried to prove that different varieties of species will come about because of direct or indirect action of the species with the surrounding environment and/or conditions and also from the use and disuse of certain inherited functions.  Which than leads to the Struggle for Life and thus you have Natural Selection, which means that species that are not the best equipped to survive become extinct. <br />This book is packed with examples of his theories.  I was impressed with all the information he had gathered over his twenty years or so of research.  <br />I also do not see how anyone after reading this book, could say that Charles Darwin's theory proved that a Creator or God does not exist.  Darwin himself referenced many times to a Creator.   He even said, \\"I see no good reason why the views given in this volume should shock the religious feelings of any one.\\"  And he also said \\"Therefore I should infer from analogy that probably all the organic beings, which have ever lived on this earth, have descended from some primordial form, into which life was first breathed by the Creator.\\"<br />Not only that but he himself understands that there are still many problems with his theory.  I was impressed that he included and admitted problems with the theory. For example he said, \\"Why, if species have descended from other species by insensibly fine gradations, do we not everywhere see innumerable transitional forms? And he also said, \\"Can we believe that natural selection could produce... organs of such wonderful structure, as the eye, of which we hardly as yet full understand the inimitable perfection? <br />In the end, even though I myself am still a skeptic towards the theory that simple organisms have evolved into many different complex species, I would recommend reading this book, if not for anything to see how the evolutionary theory got started and though Darwin's theory has changed since his time, it would be a good read still for historical purposes if nothing else. Enjoy...
B000009QPK|5.0|Over the summer I saw Slayer in tattoo the earth with metallica at giants statdium. I've never experienced a more greater live pertformance which was slayer. When I bought this cd it is just like tattoo the earth all over again. There is no greater live cd then this one. I've never heard something so powerful in a really long time. All slayer fans have to owwn this one. If you dont own it then how could u call yourself a slayer fan or even a metal fan.
B00003W8NM|5.0|If you're 27-40 he probably doesn't. You're not part of the &quot;Baby boom&quot; or the &quot;X&quot; generation - you're nowhere! So am I! Almost every kid I grew up with grew up wihout a dad around full time and those of us who have a dad around never saw him. Are we real men? What is a real man? Does anyone care anymore? Previous generations have destroyed this planet and now we are left here to live in it. Are we gonna sell out just like the hippies did or are we going to try and make a difference when it's our turn to run things?<br />Do you feel this way? If you answered yes - this movie is for you. One of the greatest films I've ever seen. If you get off on seeing guys beat each other up, you love old Arnold, Sly and Bruce Willis movies, if you spend your entire day on Sunday in front of the TV watching football - this movie is above your head - you might like it, but you won't get it! Do yourself a favor and watch DIE HARD 8 again.
0671042858|3.0|I admit being an avid King fan having read every book he ever published.  I also admit that not every book he has published is a masterpiece, and Tom Gordon is sadly one of these.  I will never say that Mr. King published this work as an offering to the gods of finance and the pleasing of his publishers; however, I think Tom Gordon could have been more fully prepared than it was.  I enjoyed the hallucinatory images by the protangonist and really enjoyed the attempt of Mr. King to see into a young girl's mind in an extraordinary situation.  There was something I thought was left out of the story, I can't tell you what it was because its just a feeling.  The only other reason I give this novel an average rating is that for first-time King readers the level of abstractness can be confusing.  I sometimes look at his work in the mind of a first time reader and abstractness is the first to come to mind.  Overall this book is worth the read in that it has a satisfactory ending and gives you a sense of completion.
B00004XONN|4.0|Kid A makes OK Computer sound like a Britney Spears Power Pop album. I got this CD as an X-Mas gift and while this is no OKC, it's such a musical experiment that you must hear it. If you borrow it from a friend and only listen once, you won't dig it. The CD DEMANDS to be heard 5 times before judgement can be passed. Not a great party CD (not a party CD at all), but this is good stuff.
B000001E8S|5.0|One can't help but wonder what the reaction to this album would have been if it had been released as a U2 album instead of a Passengers album. It may as well have been since everyone knows that Brian Eno is practically the band's fifth member. This is  clearly the best U2 album of the 90's and the zenith of their  experiments in electronica. Songs like &quot;United Colours&quot; and &quot;one Minute Warning &quot; sound like the kind of experiments industrial bands like Cabaret Voltaire and Throbbing Gristle were doing in the late 70's. R U2 paying homage? &quot;Your Blue Room&quot; sounds taylor made for Lou Reed-especially the way Bono sings it. Imitation or flatery? Pavortti's solo on &quot;Miss Sarajevo &quot; shows  that the band that has done it all still knows how to innovate. As for the other songs, with a little help from U2, Bian Eno manages to reinvent Brian Eno and U2 has never sounded so soothingly ambient. With Passengers vol.1 u2 prove that they can remain true to the those who have inspired them and on this album the imitations are not only flattering, they are even better than the real thing.
B0000508U6|4.0|With the close of 2000 only a few days away, we take a look back at the music that really stood out this year. Well...ummmm...there really wasn't much to tell you the truth. American teens glued to MTV's TRL sat back and swallowed quickly-cliched, false-angst rap-rock and friendly bubble-gum pop. Radiohead released the excellent avant-garde &quot;Kid A&quot; but unfortunitly lost many fans because of their new sound. Eminem shocked audiences to the core with rhymes that make 2 Live Crew look like pre-schoolers.   <br /> And then there's Coldplay, one of the newest imports from the UK, and thankfully, they give people a wonderful close to an otherwise dissapointing year. <br /> Although their sound is much a like &quot;Bends&quot;-era Radiohead and fellow Brit-rockers Travis, Stereophonics and Badly Drawn Boy, Coldplay is more apt to draw similarities to Jeff Buckley and accoustic Pink Floyd, with vocals that would make you think if Thom Yorke and Dave Matthews could somehow have a child together. Twenty-two year old vocalist Chris Martin conveys the emotions of a racked young adult trying to find meaning in a cruel and unknowing world. With lyrics like: &quot;I awake to find some piece of mind/I said how do you live/As a fugitive,&quot; goes one song; &quot;So I look in your direction/But you pay me no attention,&quot; goes another. Yet Martin and crew refuse to take you down a dark, brooding, depressing road, but instead, they fuse Martin's lyrics to beautiful melodies of slack guitars, wailing strings and sturdy beats. <br /> The introduction song &quot;Don't Panic&quot; is an excellent example and sets the overall mood to the album. With its continuous beat and guitars that sound as if they were drifting along an ocean current, provided with Martin's intimate vocals, the song is as comforting as it is wandering, trying to find something better somewhere out there. The Jeff Buckley-esque &quot;Shiver&quot; continous that mood, shifting more emphasis on quick guitars and harder beats.  <br /> &quot;Spies&quot; is music that is pure atmosphere and haunting. With its wailing guitars, rolling keys and drums that come and go, the thin line between Radiohead and Coldplay are slightly blurred, yet don't somehow connect together. Thanks to Martin's lonely vocals set in the backdrop, you begin to realize that this band has a sound of its own right. With &quot;Yellow,&quot; the band snaps out of its sour mood to wonder happily at the distant stars on a clear night.<br /> If anything, Coldplay is excellent mood music coming out of the most cliched piece of rock: bass, guitar, drums, etc. But instead of making regular rock songs that grow tiring after two listenings (like the bland, tiring songs of the Counting Crows or Lenny Kravitz) Coldplay is embarking to experiment with their instruments, to see what kind of new sounds can come out of something played and worn out. As a result, the following music is for moods and scenery. It's the music for driving along the coast on a wintery day, (keep in mind I'm from Northern California) waiting to see what's going to be behind the next bend. It is simply 40 minutes of bliss.<br /> Coldplay have a very bright future. With their originality and close lyrics to the heart, I'm sure that in future years you'll be hearing more from these guys. Afterall, Spin and Rolling Stone named it one of the best albums of the year.
B000001E8S|5.0|One can't help but wonder what the reaction to this album would have been if it had been released as a U2 album instead of a Passengers album. It may as well have been since everyone knows that Brian Eno is practically the band's fifth member. This is  clearly the best U2 album of the 90's and the zenith of their  experiments in electronica. Songs like &quot;United Colours&quot; and &quot;one Minute Warning &quot; sound like the kind of experiments industrial bands like Cabaret Voltaire and Throbbing Gristle were doing in the late 70's. R U2 paying homage? &quot;Your Blue Room&quot; sounds taylor made for Lou Reed-especially the way Bono sings it. Imitation or flatery? Pavortti's solo on &quot;Miss Sarajevo &quot; shows  that the band that has done it all still knows how to innovate. As for the other songs, with a little help from U2, Bian Eno manages to reinvent Brian Eno and U2 has never sounded so soothingly ambient. With Passengers vol.1 u2 prove that they can remain true to the those who have inspired them and on this album the imitations are not only flattering, they are even better than the real thing.
B000050XEI|5.0|I think this is the best CD that Enya has made. Better than anything that has come before. If you're a fan of Enya's music you won't be disappointed.
0684853523|5.0|This memoir not only encouraged me in my writing efforts, it also revived my respect for Mr. King as a writer.  I think most people - critics especially - see his novels as little more than popular &quot;fluff&quot; unworthy of serious consideration or discussion.  Perhaps  they think he &quot;cranks them out&quot; without any thought or consideration or craft.  Perhaps I, too, thought the same but I don't anymore and the reason is that in this book, Mr. King opens his mind up to the reader and shows him or her how writing - HIS writing specifically - gets done.  It's not magic; it doesn't happen when you sit around wishing it would happen or daydreaming about hitting the Best Seller list.  It's craft, pure and simple, - craft, hard work and &quot;doing the time&quot; behind the desk or the computer or the legal pad.<br />I think it's also good for the reader of Mr. King's memoir to know the author's forthright opinions.  He doesn't hold back on anything, from reading &quot;The Elements of Style&quot; by Strunk &amp; White (and what benefits one will gain from doing so) to saying bluntly, &quot;If you want to write, you do what you have to do to get the writing done.&quot;<br />Additionally, the book is an excellent (albeit short) autobiography of the writer himself.  It made me think back on my childhood days and wonder, &quot;What made me want to write or start to write those many years ago?&quot;<br />Highly recommended for writers and non-writers alike.
1563892278|5.0|I got this book for Christmas and i have not been able to put it down. I have already ordered two more books in the series and with good cause. i have never really been a fan of comics to begin with, but the thing about this book is, is that it's not just a comic. It's an amazing journey into the world of dark fantasy. I would defenitly recommend this book to anyone who needs something interesting in their life.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Everyone under the sun has already seen some version of T2 and has their own opinion, so I'll concentrate on the differences between the versions, and the &quot;Ultimate Edition&quot; extras.  Let me just say that, IMHO, this is one of the best action movies ever.  Just action, mind you.  Now then:  There are three versions of the film on this DVD.  First you have the original theatrical release, which everybody knows.  Second, the Special Edition - in my opinion, the best version out there.  There are a lot of character development scenes in here, a dream sequence featuring Michael Biehn, a bit where they reset Arnie's CPU to &quot;learning mode&quot; and Sarah tries to kill Arnie, and some extra T-1000 effects (little glitches when he starts to lose control of his shape).  These are little things, and it's true that they slow the middle of the movie down, but they make the impact that much stronger when the third act, the blow-everything-up bit, begins.  Truly.  Then, if you can find the &quot;cheat codes&quot; specific to your DVD player, there is the &quot;Ultimate Version&quot; of the movie, which contains the same extra scenes plus one sequence with T-1000 in John's bedroom and one of the lamest epilogues ever cut at the last minute.  This final sequence is proof that sometimes you need to rein the director in, even when that director is as talented as Cameron.  It makes the whole movie seem insipid and feel-good and it conclusively ends the Terminator saga.  Blech. Now, then, about those DVD extras:  truly amazing.  Just about everything you could imagine is on this disc, viewable as one long program or half-minute segments. There are interviews with everyone who worked on T2, storyboards galore, a full shooting script, behind the scenes shots and montages of all the FX work, trailers in English and Japanese, teasers with views of the Terminator production process, and 3 different &quot;making of&quot; videos.  And if you want to watch the &quot;ultimate version&quot; scenes on their own (just to see how unneccesary they were), they are in there as well.  All connected by excellent animated menus which are actually the DVD's greatest drawback.  This is cutting edge stuff, so a lot of older players will not be able to handle the menus properly.  You can still get around, but sometimes the buttons don't do what you expect them to.  Also, I think some older DVD players will have problems with the disc's format - to get it all onto one disc, they used dual layering on both sides (I think this is properly called DVD-8, but not quite sure).  If you bought your player three to five years ago, you may want to rent this one first to make sure it will run properly.  All in all, even though I've seen this movie so many times I probably won't watch it too often now, I'm glad I got this.  Watch for the original Terminator to get the Ultimate treatment sometime in Spring 2001.  That one won't have so many extras, though, simply because there isn't as much material available.
630460291X|3.0|I loved this film when it first came out, and bought it recently when I saw it out on DVD. Unfortunately the production quality was terrible. Picture was grainy, colors seemed out of sync at times, and there were skips and artifacts at several places. The CD is two sided, unclear why.  I tried several other DVDs to make sure it wasnt the player. I'd recommend this film to anyone - on VHS.
B000001ES4|5.0|This music was one-of-a-kind. After hearing the first CD by the amazing Secret Garden, I borrowed this CD from the library thinking this couldn't be any better than the first, but I was proved wrong. The music clutches the heart and allows you to enter the mind in your soul and forget everything else. There is no other group in this world that can create the peaceful state of mind as well as Secret Garden.
B000006045|5.0|For years I've tried to find out what type of music I'm really in love with. I mean I love music. I have a 100 and some CD'S ranging from Limp Bizkit to Britney Spears to Portishead to The Who. I have it all but the  second I listened to Massive Attack, I fell in love with the music. The CD presents dark moody beats and haunting vocals which bands like Portishead and Supreme Beings of Leisure almost are able to capture. If you haven't found your mold im music yet, try this. You might fall in love with trip hop!
B0000507MN|2.0|I love Barry White!  I couldn't wait to get home to play this CD.  Unfortunately it seems heavy handed in the treble end and loses those deep tones one looks for.  The essential sound of the Dr. of  Love is there in those low spoken introductions.  Mix of the great hits of the 70's plus more recent songs.  Improves with the right company and the lights down LOW........
B00004ZAV3|5.0|It blows away the regular cd's. The original Beatles CD's came out in 1987. This is the first time the music been remastered since then. CD Technology has vastly improved in 13 years. I compared the songs on Beatles 1 to the original cd's. The music on Beatles 1 has clearer vocals, better bass and drums, and cleaner guitars. Play this disc loud enough on good audio equipment and The Beatles will magically appear in your room. P.S. Check out the remastered Yellow Submarine CD, the same rules apply. Buy'em both and enjoy!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I remember first seeing this movie in the 1999 Hawaii International Film Festival. I felt that this was the most interesting bit of animation since Fantasia. Miyazaki has really created magic in this movie. I felt like I was transported to a very special place and that I was privileged to see a very important story unfold. This movie is animation for adults. Not so much for the violent contant, but more for the nuanced manner that the main characters display their beliefs, strengths and foibles. I found that the viewing was rewarding and that this DVD will be repeatedly viewed.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|See this movie. It is great. Most reviews arent so good but what do they know. This is the best movie of the year with excelent cars, actors, and chase scenes.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The incredible success that this CD has had is a testament to the work of the Beatles in their short time as a band. This music is timeless, and this CD showcases this fact. What does the state of pop music have to say today, where an album of songs from a band that stopped recording together 30 years ago is Number 1 all over the world?<br />This CD, although it doesn't contain all of the Beatles best work, is an excellent example of a band that dominated the singles charts in the 60s, and could have easily doubled the 27 songs here with ones that were not issued as singles....we could only imagine if history was different, and they continued making music....
B00000JY1X|5.0|Yes, the logistics are amazing - 3 CDs, 33 songs each. Every one a love song, almost all different genres. Who cares? What matters is, at least 63 of the 69 songs are amazing, and the other ones are jokey or instrumental. Like Depeche Mode? Here's &quot;Long Forgotten Fairytale!&quot; Hate Depeche Mode? You'll love it anyway! The only recording I can think of that engrosses indie hipsters, heads, gay men, hippies, ravers, and grandma alike. Breathtaking.
6300181464|5.0|I don't think I got this movie at all the way it was meant, but it still ranks as one of my favorite movies of all time.  My movie watching companion and I both found the movie to be full of seemingly unrelated clips randomly sewn together with a completely unrelated underlying emotion attached... I'll never forget the look on that guy's face when he knocked one of those fall-apart octagonal boxes down in the funny looking motorized wheelbarrow.  Why exactly was he so concerned for that few shovel fulls of dry dirt?  And it took me an hour to stop laughing at the way the robot death scene was put together; he just drove right through poor Huey (might have Louie or Dewey... and why are those names so hard to spell?) without even realizing it.  I am completely serious; you have to see it to believe it!  <br />Its a fullhouse, and he knows it!<br />Must-buy late Christmas present =)
B00004ZD69|1.0|Sorry, kids!  I feel like I'm in a spaghetti factory, such grandiose _noodling_ surrounds me.  Drone and dirge-like cadence a good song make not!  (I'm not saying that such factors explicitly cannot exist in beautiful music:  take Flying Saucer Attack and Low as examples to the contrary.) <br />GYBE is FSA without real grit and heart;  GYBE is Low without innocence and sweetness that rather seem appropriate when accompanying childlike melodies.<br />What we have here is a half-pair of oxen, spherical!<br />[Note:  Yes, I've seen GYBE live (admittedly, they were touring with songs from f#a#(sp?) and Slow Riot for Krazy Kanada or what have you) and-- while I'll be the first to say that LYSFLATH is better than the supreme display of nerdliness I witnessed then, it still failed to elicit one one-thousandth of the reaction that a Low Mimi/Alan-harmonized word can conjure.]
B00004TRD8|5.0|this is by far one of the best action movies around. just like the original, give the audience a bad guy that seems unbeatable, give them great chase scenes and great fighting and we love it.  i just have one concern about the ending of the film, dealing with paradox, something i have discussed with friends since this movie came out.  there's a paradox in that ending, when the arnie terminator incinerates himself AND the chip that creates that ugly future. if that future therefore never happened, because the chip to create that future was destroyed, why are john and sara still around in the factory. actually, why is john still around? he was never created because if the chip is not around kyle would never have come back and created john with sara.  ah, we love paradoxes.
B000050FEN|5.0|First and foremost the original release of this movie on DVD was awful.  There were no extras anywhere to be found AND you had to flip the disc.  It did not come on one side as is the standard for most movies now.  This release pays for all of the previous mistakes by adding commentary by Pitt, Freeman, and Director Fincher.    Those who like the extras, as I do, will easily enjoy the deleted scenes.  Fincher also reveals an original ending done in storyboard fashion that would have greatly changed the way that the movie is perceived.  That you are going to have to see for yourself.
B00004XONN|5.0|Alright, if you are a Radiohead fan, odds are you may already enjoy bands that choose to follow their own vision. With &quot;Kid A&quot;, Radiohead still try to stretch their boundaries. I admit that it took me a few listens, before I truly could get into this one. However, I am glad I stuck with it. <br />Anyone expecting another &quot;Bends&quot; will be sadly disappointed, as this CD swings more toward &quot;OK Computer&quot;, in attitude. The songs can, more accurately, be called 'soundscapes': the title track doesn't have discernable lyrics, neither does &quot;Idioteque&quot;. There are few actual lyrics to sing along to; only vocalisations. Indeed, only &quot;Optimistic&quot; can be called actual radio single material.         <br />That, however, doesn't mean that you shouldn't pick it up. The music may not be easy to follow, but is a treasure for the adventurous spirit. This would be a great backdrop for relaxing after a rough day.
B00004SU5J|5.0|Better than the lastest St Germain CD. Laid back, jazzy and classy soundz. Almost like vintage Masters At Work. Get this if you are into MAW, you won't be dissapointed.
B000000OQF|3.0|I am more into metal but Guns 'n Roses' Appetite For Destruction tells me what Rock 'n Roll means.<br />Be sure to check out their twin album Use Your Illusion I/II! It's a compilation of Hard Rock, Ballad, Rock 'n Roll and Punk, whoaw can't miss that!
B00000K19E|5.0|Well worth a watch...but one peeve: I'll be obscure so as not to give it away for newbies...but, if machines needed batteries, why not use pigs?...much safer.  Instead, I'd update the plot in Matrix 2 so that the machines really also need some computational resource (intuition? spirituality? whatever) from human brains...(wish list) then the humans battle back to somewhat of the upper hand by end of Matrix 2 but due to long dependence or degraded Earth, end up also needing the machines and so can't destroy them.  Matrix 3 would be the mutual battle to dominate the other without entirelly killing off the other and ending up in some sort of mutual symbiosis. End of story.  Well, that's how it would go if I were script writer.
B000003BDY|5.0|12x5 is the first great Rolling Stones record.  Their first two releases showed the band's potential, but they realized it on this manic collection that finds them perfecting the Chess Records, Chicago R&amp;B sound that so heavily influenced.  From the opening riff of their ripping version of Chuck Berry's &quot;Around &amp; Around&quot; to their magnificent version of &quot;Susie Q&quot;, the band is on top of their game.  Their versions of &quot;Time Is On My Side&quot;, originally done by the great Irma Thomas, and Bobby Womack's &quot;It's All Over Now&quot; have become Stones classics, while lesser known tracks like &quot;Empty Heart&quot;, which has some ripping guitar riffs, &quot;Confessin' The Blues&quot; and &quot;Good Times, Bad Times&quot; stand right up next to them.  The band pays tribute to Chess Records with the instrumental &quot;2120 South Michigan Avenue&quot;.  12x5 solidified the foundation for their now almost 40 year career.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Unbelievable. Did I say that? Unbelievable. The music, the dialogue, the amazing artistry. I am a big animation fan, and this is now one of my top 3 movies of all time (animated or not).<br />Simply unbelievable. Everyone should watch and own this movie.<br />Though American myself, American directors should learn from this Japanese veteran...
B000003BES|5.0|Big Hits (High Tide &amp; Green Grass) was the first greatest hits compilation from the Stones.  The album shows the band's growth as artists. The earlier songs like &quot;Not Fade Away&quot;, &quot;It's All Over Now&quot; &amp; &quot;Time Is On My Side&quot; are all covers, while the later songs like &quot;(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction&quot;, &quot;19th Nervous Breakdown&quot; &amp; &quot;As Tears Go By&quot; are originals.  The band was becoming more sure of themselves and instead of playing songs mostly in the R&amp;B, Chicago Blues stylings, they start to employ strings and pensive lyrics
B00000055E|5.0|When I got this album, it blew me away. I was so amazed at how many good songs were on both of these cd that I had never even heard of. Redemption is a very mysterious and strong opening into the cd and leads perfectly into Open Fire, one of the best songs on the album. I cannot pick which cd from this album is better because they are both evened out very nicely. Hellrazor, Open Fire, Nothing To Lose, F**k All Y'all, Definition Of A Thug N**ga, I'm Losin It, Nothin But Love, and Only Fear Of Death were my favorite songs from the album, but I usually just play each cd from beginning to end because all of the songs are very good. Compared to his other albums, it is in the middle. It is probably not as good as All Eyez On Me and Me Against The World, but is probably better than 2Pacalypse Now and Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z. Any rap fan will be able to appreciate the music on this album, so go out, buy this album, and give it a spin. You will be loving it in no time.
B00002DE0S|2.0|I have nothing against slow tempi, but the problem here is that K.Zimerman concentrates so much on each an every detail that he seems to forget the whole picture. As a result, there is no unity, therefore the whole makes little sense at all.<br />While I listened to this recording, I couldn't help thinkng about Pogorelich. Each detail is beautiful, but the whole seems to be rather &quot;incidental&quot; than built up. The fact that Zimerman picked up his musicians one by one may be a sign that of his painstaking attention to details. That is good, but it must not break the momentum of the whole picture, which is unfortunately the case here.
B000002KYR|5.0|My title says it all.  This band was the greatest of their time, and this is by far their best album.  A must have for any classic rock fan.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Like every comic book fan worth his salt, I've sat at home (in my childhood......okay yesterday) thinking about who would play this villain or who would play this hero.  When the X-Men movie was announced, I knew that the only person worthy of the Professor X role would be Patrick Stewart.  The other actors/actresses did excellent jobs in their roles, especially Hugh Jackman and Anna Paquin, who surprised me as Rogue.  <br />While I was impressed with the performances, the villains were kind of weak, especially Sabretooth.  Fans of the comic will know that Sabretooth is a cunning and calculating villain, not the growling imbecile he was portrayed as.  Ray Park was there to draw Star Wars fans hoping for another Darth Maul-performance.  Ian McKellen was excellent as Magneto, especially with Magnus' history shown at the beginning.  Rebecca Romjin-Stamos was there purely for eye candy, having only one line in the movie. <br />The DVD itself had great picture and sound but I was generally disappointed because there was so much that could've been done and I expect a &quot;collector's&quot; edition to arrive once they realize the mistake they made.  The only &quot;extra&quot; worth watching was the Hugh Jackman screen test with Anna Paquin.  That's why I rated this fun movie as 4 stars.  Poor extras for such a hyped movie that actually delivered would turn off any &quot;collector&quot; looking for little extras that you don't get in the theatre.
0804106304|4.0|Amy Tan is a great writer however there are many pluses and minuses to this book. Contrary to the reviews on its cover it is filled with sentimentality and it is this which provides the sense of nostalgia combined with happiness of a culture complete in itself yet also sadness at the obligations, restrictions and ordeals through which each of its characters has struggled. It is a shame that it doesn't have a greater reason for the 4 mother's and their daughter's stories to have been 'compiled' or told together, merely that they happened upon each other once they had arrived in the US, but for those of us who understand or have come from Asia it is a sweet but sour reminder of the hardships faced by those caught in the need to fulfil the obligations of others. Contrary to the cover which pretends it is merely about the mother-daughter bond it is about far more than that. It is about the commitment and obligation of children to their parents, how both boys and girls can be bound by promises made for them long before they were even old enough to know what the promise would mean for them. Each story is touching and yet strained: a mother who is so desperate to save her daughters from the invading Japanese that in her struggle to reach her husband she has to leave her daughter's fate in the lap of the gods, another who was betrothed from childhood to someone for whom she only had a brotherly love and who did not love her yet she felt dutybound to fulfil her parents obligation so they would not be ashamed of her yet still managed to trick her way out of the commitment by duping her new family with made up superstitious stories based in her own misdeed, yet another who was brought up so sadly that she was taught to feel ashamed of her own mother even before she had really got to know her (by self-righteous relatives who did not care for her feelings merely for their own selfish needs) and then another who believed in the Moon Lady but whose own family were too quick to punish her for not knowing right from wrong and she nearly died. Any or all of these stories could have happened to any child boy or girl, but this particular book does not have a great thread to it merely separate threads woven together with no connection. Having already read 'The Kitchen God's Wife' and 'One Hundred Secret Senses' the writing is so similar and the stories of tragedy all too familiar focussing as ever mostly but not entirely on the female side of the family. It seems her repertoire does not extend much further and great though the writing is, it is hard to keep retelling similar stories of tragic life circumstance - unbalance by consistently telling it only from one point of view - without perhaps choosing to lighten it a bit more. Yet even when a happy moment finally comes at the very end, it is still tinged with sadness that someone else was not there to see it! I think perhaps that the other 2 books I have read by her were better for the simple reason that theyhad a story to tell rather than simply telling story after story for the sake of it - though the tangled web of cultural obligation is neatly told.
6303160344|4.0|This movie takes hold of you more the next day than when you watch it.  Binoche's character, Julie, decides to detach herself from the human world of emotion, after the suffering caused by the death of her husband and her daughter in a car accident.<br />She gives up her home, makes a rather callous decision to sleep with an admirer, then finds herself a &quot;piaule&quot; apparently in some popular arrondisement of Paris.  <br />However, several incidences conspire to draw her back into life. A decision to have a cat kill a mother mouse and her babies rekindles a maternal feeling.  She learns from a telivision interview she happens to see that one of her husband's musical compositions is to be completed without her authorization.  Pride and possesiveness seem to push her here.  She learns from the same interview that her dead husband had had a mistress.  Jealousy moves her back into the human sphere here.<br />This movie recalls Kundera's &quot;Unbearable Lightness of Being&quot; in that it aims to show that a life without emotinal attachments is hollow indeed.<br />Kieslowski's brings into play his fascination with coincidence and how it links people and changes fate.  This is a leitmoif throughout all of his films.<br />Cannot give it 5 stars because the film moved slower than necessary.  Nonetheless, it is a very good film.<br />Thomas Seay
0440234743|2.0|I was Very DISAPPOINTED in this book.  I keep reading it hoping it would have a great surprise ending, but nothing.  Would not recommond this book at all.
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya is certainly one of the best.  As each song blossomed I could concentrate less on what I was doing. I had to stop, sway and hum along, longing to know the words.  I played it a second time immediately. Her gentle adoration of nature, love and faith has always been impressive in her music, now she has more power in her voice and lots of little surprises in her orchestrations. Wait till you hear her sing the low notes. I simply can't say enough about her music.
0385484518|4.0|\\"Tuesdays With Morrie\\" has hovered high on the bestseller's list since shortly after the Ice Age so current reviews are probably futile exercises, but just in case I'm not the last person on earth to read it, I'll offer my two cents worth.<br />On first thought the story of weekly visits to a gentleman dying of a degenerative disease does not sound like a terribly uplifting plot.  Yet, this short work recounting the final months of Morrie Schwartz is an exhilarating tribute to the sanctity of life.  The euphemism \\"dying with dignity\\" has become a modern day substitute for \\"let's pull Grandma's plug before she uses up all our inheritance.\\"  Morrie, in his losing battle to the ravishing illness named for Lou Gehrig, received the loving care, warmth, and encouragement of family, friends, and colleagues right up to the natural end.  This respectful treatment may have violated every tenant of the specious bromide, but it afforded him a true death with dignity.  Furthermore, Mr. Schwartz' homebound last chapter allowed him to \\"live with dignity.\\"  While being the recipient of tender support and dedication, he was able to impart courage and wisdom and be a beacon of inspiration to all who interacted with him.<br />It's hard for a book that's achieved such a stellar reputation to live up to its expectations, but Mitch Albom's posthumous love letter to his favorite professor does not disappoint.  Hopefully, it may even provide readers the impetus to contact that person who is long overdue for a call or a letter.
B000002LCX|5.0|I have to agree with the other reviewer that said this album is very much underrated. Despite the turmoil going on behind the scenes The Smiths were somehow able to make their most experimental, breathtaking album of all. It seems to me that their &quot;conventional&quot; songwriting climaxed with the fantastic Queen Is Dead. After that, most any other band would have been hard pressed to find an encore within them that was even close. Instead they went off in an entirely new direction and made perhaps their most haunting, innovative work. Even though Morrissey's solo endeavor, Viva Hate, was great in its own right, to me this album most vividly recalls those eerie, fog-shrouded years gone by. But don't kid yourself, all the Smiths albums are essential and worth their purchase price ten times over. I just find myself going back to this one more than most.
B000005RFN|4.0|I bought the Castle Remaster Edition (Cstle; ASIN: B000005RFN) and was very impressed with the packaging and sound quality.  Lots of great colour and black/white photos along with complete lyrics and all artwork from the original album.  In addition, each album has a unique fact-laden essay about the band during the circumstances surrounding each album.<br />The remastering is very crisp and clean as I've given this album the headphones test and it passed with flying colours.  The songs have a dynamic sound as opposed to the Warner Brothers edition where everything sounds flat.<br />As for the music, Sabbath no longer plods along with heavy riffs that pummel their listeners into submission... a fact that turned many listeners off to this album as well as its predecessor, Technical Ecstasy.  Instead, Sabbath turned the speed up a notch and used more blues oriented riffs and somber melodies.  Even so, at times the music sounds lost and dark, like in a drugged haze.  The album rocks, but at a slightly faster pace than their older albums.  And yes, that's Bill Ward singing on the last track!<br />Never Say Die is not perfect (in Sabbath's sense) but it's better than the best of those influenced by Sabbath.<br />I would HIGHLY recommend the Castle edition for all the Sabbath albums as the sound quality is superior, the artwork is great and the extra photos and lyrics are everything you could wish for!
B00005176F|5.0|Ever since forming in 1990, Blur have been well-renowned for their music, and its varying styles. Now, with a new album on its way in mid-2001, they release their current 'Best Of', oddly entitled 'The Best Of Blur'. But anyway, here's the rough review: The album has all types of pop music, from the mellow 'Tender' to the chirpy 'Parklife' to the heavy guitar-laden 'Song 2'. Of course, both chart-toppers are here, with the particularly brilliant 'Country House' showing off its true class. The highlights?  1) the Cheerful (Parklife; Girls and Boys) 2) the Beautiful (Tender; This Is A Low) 3) the Thoughtful and Meaningful (believe it or not, Country House) ...and well, the downright odd... (Music Is My Radar) In a summary, for Blur fans without all the albums: this is a must-buy. However, the only other reason for buying this (if you do own all the albums) would be the add-on live songs, which can be found (with the actual album) at generally the same price.<br />So, the end of an era? Of course, but only if they stop now...
B000002HIK|2.0|aphex twin has made some powerfully stupid music. for example this bottom-of-the-barrel release.  half of it sounds like a sit-com &quot;homage&quot; to wagner's ring cycle, even the beats are mostly dull.  ventolin is the best thing here (but note that it IS bone-stripping, as someone put it).  you'll find nothing even half as cool as bouncing ball (COME TO DADDY) or yellow calx (RICHARD D. JAMES).  buyer beware.
0441172717|3.0|This is one of those sci-fi epics with legions of fanatical adherents, so it's a little daunting to play the role of the heretic...but...it's kind of overrated (there, I've said it). Herbert has certainly done a great job of what is commonly called &quot;world building.&quot; That is, he's created an nicely detailed setting for his story, centering on the desert planet of the title. His rendering of the political and geographical milieu is certainly impressive, however, he has the unfortunate habit of using five words where one will do. This imperial universe is populated by a Byzantine cast of players, all belonging to various factions, with hidden motives, allegiances and so forth. It's kind of a utopia for Machiavellians. Unfortunately, these characters are so bound by adhering to &quot;the form&quot; (i.e. codes of proper address, conduct and comportment), that much of the dialogue is ponderous and borderline silly. When he leaves the scheming aristocracy and concerns himself with the natives of Dune, things improve somewhat. Their desert culture is based somewhat on elements of traditional desert Arab culture, with a some elements of Islam, and more interestingly, post-holocaust Israeli world view. The story is, at its core, a fairly basic one of a good family done an injustice, and a boy becoming a man (and much more) as he seeks his revenge. Around this is built a rather overly convoluted and tedious narrative spanning about 5 years in which many things come to pass, but basically we are waiting for the climax. The book's action and battle sequences are quite good, but there's far too much time spent setting the stage, especially dealing with some of the more mystical aspects. The five sequels are apparently even more tedious than this (and that's according to people who love this!), making it certain this will be only foray into Herbert's world. If you love the lengthy epics, this might be your cup of tea, but if you're like me and like your prose a little cripser, there is much better sci-fi out there (I'd suggest Orson Scott Card's brilliant &quot;Ender's Game&quot; or maybe something by Robert Heinlein or Philip K. Dick).ripser, there is much better sci-fi out there (I'd suggest Orson Scott Card's brilliant &quot;Ender's Game&quot; or maybe something by Robert Heinlein or Philip K. Dick).
B00004XOWM|5.0|If you like limp bizkit you will love this cd even if you don't you will like some of the songs.  if you like there mello stuff  then you will love hold on or boiler. and if you are a true hardcore limp fan like me then you will love their whole cd.
B000002LQR|5.0|This is definately their best work.  I think it set a mark on this type of music when it came out.  Pure Genious.  Every track is masterfully different.  They have such a range of talent as shown in songs like Breaking the Girl and Suck My Kiss.  I'd go as far as saying this is one of the best albums of all time.
0767002652|5.0|I watched this set over the Christmas holiday in a 3 day mini-marathon (having just watched the 5th and final series in a 4 day marathon a few days before). I was surprised to learn how few of the first season episodes I'd actually seen and how long it took for the children, James and Elizabeth, to be introduced and developed as characters. And if you 've always wondered why James ended up getting parlor maid Sarah pregnant, the beginning of their relationship is here. If you're an Upstairs Downstairs fan, this shouldn't be missed.  If you've never seen the series, but enjoy British drama and/or Masterpiece Theatre on PBS, this set (and the entire series) is an absolute must. And you simply have to buy it to see the episodes that were never shown in the U.S. (a couple of these were absolutely brilliant!)<br />Even though these will soon be 30 years old (the series debuted in 1971), they're still better than most things on television today.  A true classic -- highly recommended.
B000002JOH|5.0|I hardly listen to any heavy metal anymore.  However, I still can't keep my hands off this cd.  The songs on here are all very powerful and keep you listening.  It's no wonder this album hit number 1, because I consider it a timeless classic.
B00004Z4UW|5.0|I loved this DVD and Movie! It kept my attention with twists and turns the whole time.  In the DVD, it even had extra features relating to the movie, such as taking the red pill or following the white rabbit.  All in all, I loved this movie and I gave it 5 stars.  Thanks for reading my review!
B00003W8NM|5.0|I don't quite see why words such as 'fascist' are being thrown around with this movie, when the message it so obviosuly states is quite anti-fascist, and pro-thinking, pro-ethics, pro-independence. The world given to us in 'Fight Club', Tyler's world, is one, at least to me, of hope: When we are free of our comforts, when we are free of the sofas, and the televisions, even our money, when the only thing left to value is ourselves and the other living creatures around us, only then can we truly know emotion and feel for those 'closest' to us. I deeply connected with its anti-Capitalist message, in that money sucks away true emotion. We, in America, are so bent on making more than everybody else and dying with as many toys as we can buy that we neglect that people and life and the world we live in are the only things, really, which matter in the long run. And this movie is an effective prophet of that concept - I know tons of people who have nearly abandoned all their reliance on material possessions after seeing this film. David Fincher, Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, Jim Uhls, Chuck Palahniuk, Helena Bonham Carter, and everyone else attatched to this film are the Siddharthas and Don Juans of modern society.<br />This movie, and the book(which is absolutely brilliant and flawless), have completely changed my life, and opened my eyes to the underlying meaning beneanth the things in my existence. As Norton paraphrases on the Director's Commentary, this film teaches us the rules to independence: Kill your god, Kill your family, and Kill your teacher. What does this mean? Watch this movie, open yourself, and let go.<br />It's not until we've lost everything that we are free to do anything.
0375501851|1.0|I know I'm going to confuse people by praising White Teeth and rating it with a single star, but I figured that if I give it the full 5 stars (which I was planning to do), my review would undoutedly be lost in a whole sea of other great reviews.<br />White Teeth is quite probably the best book I have read in a long time: I recently met up with a former English teacher and we began talking about books. I mentioned White Teeth and we just started jumping around excitedly, because she'd read it too and enjoyed it, perhaps, even more than I did...she actually asked an English friend about Willesden Green (where the novel is set) and confirmed that it is the sort of place Smith so vividly evokes it to be.<br />In response to critics of the book who label it 'too long', or boring, one cannot be impatient in dealing with such extraordinary material as this. It does hit hard: the action is far from being subdued, and the descriptions of place and character are both absurd yet rooted firmly in verisimilitude. I never felt that I had to 'plough through' the material: I enjoyed it immensely, especially how Smith converges ideology, religion and situation expertly as the novel accelerates towards the end.<br />Smith's style is ornately realistic, and White Teeth is filled with such ironic, as well as poignant instances of wit that elude most other novels. A true revolution in the literature of the modern (perhaps post-modern) genre! I may not have read a whole lot of books, but from an adolescent perspective, I think I do know a great book when I read one, and this is doubtless one of those rare gems that I'm glad I lived through!!
0525945636|3.0|&quot;Code to Zero&quot; is a Cold War thriller about a group of college students whose lives overlap over a period of years.  In a series of flashbacks from the 1940's, alternating with the present (1958, to be exact), Follett shows how a bunch of carefree college students go on to play crucial roles in the rivalry between the U. S. and the Soviet Union.  The U. S. S. R. has launched Sputnik, and the United States is attempting to keep pace by launching Explorer I.  The prestige of the United States hinges on the success of this launch.  However, someone may be attempting to sabotage the launch, thereby damaging the U. S. space program.  &quot;Code Zero&quot; starts out well.  I was interested in the lives of Luke, Elspeth, Billie and Anthony, who are attractive and intelligent college students with big plans for the future.  However, as the book progresses, it begins to sag.  Follett allows the plot to sink into melodramatic and predictable plotting, and the dialogue becomes banal.  The ending  (which should be exciting) lacks suspense, since it is obvious how the plot will turn out.  Too bad, because the book started out as good campy fun.
B00001IVOR|5.0|Yes, 36 Chambers was a Classic, but when Forever erupted in 1996, it made the Wu's debut look pretty tame.  Admittedly, like several double albums, it has plenty of filler tracks, but the stand outs are numerous: I: Reunited, For Heaven's Sake, Cash Rules/Scary Hours, As High..., Maria, It's Yourz, II: Triumph, MGM, Heaterz - these are some of the best MC'd and produced tracks around.  The production is also miles ahead of 36 Chambers.  All in all, a powerful follow-up to a classic debut.
B00004XONN|5.0|this is real good stuff. every time i listen to it, it takes me there... if you know what i am saying. it is very good sound, it makes my tubes happy.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I am a long time fan of Roman history, I spent my years in highschool writing report after report on ancient civilizations and Rome has always been my favorite.  I have seen cheap rip off movies on Rome and other ancient civ's and I have high expectations.  Thus, going out and purchasing this movie was something I was very critical of.  I missed the opportunity of going to see it at the theatre (either that or I did not want to sit for 2.5hours in a uncomfortable chair :)  Anyway, I was amazed at the quality of the DVD.  I am even more impressed that it is better quality then the theatre version. They fixed the colours and what not.  The story itself was simply astonishing, it followed true Roman history and even incorporated various historical battles such as the remaking of the battle of carthage, which I thought to be a nice touch.  <br />Overall I was very, and still am very, impressed by this movie.  I will end this now so I can go watch a few chapters over again.
B00000IP4H|3.0|Testament is a great band, but this album was not a wise decision on their part.  They are capable of doing death metal type stuff, as you will see on \\"Dog Faced Gods\\" (from \\"Low\\") and various parts of \\"The Gathering\\", but most of this stuff is pretty stale.  The vocals are almost all death vocals.  Chuck is pretty decent at doing them, but he's got too amazing a voice not to use it more than he does here.  The riffs are still fairly good, but they suffer from the loss of James Murphy.  Eric Peterson is forced to hold down the fort himself.  The great Gene Hoglan steps in for drum duties, but doesn't match his performances in Death and Strapping Young Lad.  A few good songs appear along the way, most notably \\"John Doe\\", \\"Burning Times\\", and \\"Together as One\\", but ultimately this album just didn't work.<br />While it's a shame that Gene couldn't stick around longer (not that Dave Lombardo isn't a god in his own right), I think \\"The Gathering\\" was a much more solid album than this, as was its predecessor, \\"Low\\".  Just get those, this is only for the completist.
B000000OU4|5.0|Pat Metheny's &quot;We Live Here&quot; is fantastic! Metheny is one of my favorite jazz artists to date along with The Rippingtons, Yellowjackets, and Ryan Farish. He is the most expressive guitar artist with unbelieveable talent. This album is a must buy!
B00000JMQE|5.0|This film is billed as a childrens fantasy film. The fantasy part of it is true, but the real fact of the matter is that this is not for children. This film is much darker than its song and dance original. This film is not much of a sequel either. This film takes place in an Oz that is foreign to those that grew up with the Wizard of Oz. The sets are dark and dirty, all of the characters that we once knew have been turned to stone. It is now up to Dorothy to turn everything in Oz back to normal. This is a film that is sure to scare most children that think it will be as fun and cheery as the original. For the rest of us it is a great ride into the dark. The plot keeps the film going into different, new directions into the heart of this Oz that is over run by the darkness. Truly original and truly entertaining.
B000001ES4|5.0|track 3 on the White Stone album by Secret Garden is so hauntingly beautiful I found tears on my face listening to it.  It evokes deep emotion and brings memories racing back through time.  I love all the Secret Garden albums.
0767805712|5.0|Gattaca revolves around the notion that in the future your life is predetermined at birth. They can tell when you will die, if you will have any diseases, and what sort of future you have in store. Ethan Hawke is someone who is born to 2 loving parents in a time when most babies are genetically created in a lab. Ethan Hawke takes a job as a janitor at the Gattaca company, but he wants more, he wants to be a part of this company. He soon finds a way to make the switch to the other side, and has to watch his back the whole time.<br />This film was shot in the style of some of the greatest films. It is very stylized, telling a great story with good acting and a thought provoking script. This film may have been billed as more of a science fiction film, but it does not use the conventional methods of sci-fi. This film never has a shootout with futuristic guns, nor does it have aliens that look they walked out of the Cantina from Star Wars.<br />There is very little objectionable language, and a scene of violence that does not show the specific attack. This is a film for those of us that are sick and tired of watching the same drivel.
079284078X|5.0|We used to rent this movie every week because my brother and I were enthralled by it.  From a similiar era as Conan The Barbarian (also with Arnold), the movie continues the development of Arnold as an actor and gives Brigitte one of her rare movie appearances.  A definite cult classic, which everyone should see at least once in their life! :)
B00004XONN|1.0|On the advice of several of the album's reviews, I bought this CD.  Some have heralded this album as &quot;a return to music,&quot; or &quot;a much needed album.&quot;  All I can say to somebody thinking about buying this album is save your money because after listening to it about 10 times, I still have no idea what Radiohead is trying to do with this album.
B00003CXDG|3.0|Mission Impossible 2 has great effects but i feel that the story line is weak.  There are plenty of fight scenes and guns, but not many gadgets this time.  Unlike with the first this one didnt grip me and i lost interest within half an hour.  After sticking with the film i still wasnt interested, and i think that this film will only appeal to diehard Mission Impossible fans
B00003CXE7|5.0|Maximus (Russell Crowe) is the man! He's a cutie too. After the death of his emperor he went from a general to a slave to a gladiator. The movie is a little sad but, it had some good action scenes. It's kind of like Braveheart. If you liked braveheart you'll like this too. It has two disk one for the movie and one for the special features.
B00000099Y|5.0|All right. I once read a review of this CD which described it as a &quot;Nightmare.&quot; That is probably the most apt way of putting the content of this album. The songs have a dark, dreamlike complexity that is hard to put across in any way except by a small demonstration. Intermission is a jokey, goofy break in the action. The band has just played a raucous number with a disturbing title (Hooker With A Penis) and we are enjoying a short, relaxing song. Suddenly, the riff we have come to enjoy mutates from a dippy organ piece into deep, throaty, distorted guitar. It is as if, while at a Playground, a psychotic murderer stepped up to the swingset and decapitated a kid while you weren't looking. And yet, there is something gentle and kind about the album too, as if...as if hope is not forever gone...and yet we never really glimpse what the hope is...I find this to be the best rock album I heard during all of the 90s, the best rock album I have ever heard, the best CONCEPT rock album ever put on display, and the best collection of stand-alone metal songs ever put to CD. Each song is a total gem, and the album is an inspirational goldmine. As a songwriter myself I find all the music held within the depths of this dreamscape to be entirely worthwhile, and insanely beautiful. Tool has inspired legions of bands that have no idea what they are doing to try and rip them off, and, in the process, have made themselves unique as the only metal band of the late 90s to truly try something new. And they succeeded masterfully. nema is the best way you can spend 10-20 dollars, and, if you aren't afraid of the nightmare, you may even wake up from it eventually.
B00003CXFG|3.0|When their space ship crashes they're stranded on a planet with two suns. When an eclipse occurs, flesh eating creatures come out from under the ground with one weakness, light. The main character has a nice body. Good action scenes, I enjoyed watching the movie.
0553106635|5.0|This book is better than its predecessors and they were excellent.  It was not a fast read.  The plots are complicated and interesting.  When I finished this book my thirst for a great story had been well satisfied.  Thank you Mr. Martin.  My money was well spent.
0780631684|4.0|When Alex (Devon Sawa -Idle Hands, Stan in Eminem's video) has a premonition of death he panics as he aborts the plane with some classmates. It spooks them to see his preminission come true. It's up to Alex to find life's design so he can try to cheat death again...   I liked the movie, it had some hot death scenes.
0140282033|4.0|A wonderful book--complete with witchcraft, love, and lots of chocolate--twirls, swirls, creams, hot coco, you name it, and it's there.  Even if you're not a choc-aholic (and some of us aren't) you'll want some chocolate before you finish this book. The description of the feast/party is marvelous.  Charming...a lovely book if you like food, and a gracious story-line.
B000002UAU|5.0|I used to believe that this set of songs cohered in a highly unique way: the Beatles, disguised as Pepper's Band, presented a series of possible ways to cope with the tragedy of modern life. Each way, ultimately, proves unsuccessful, and the coda, &quot;A Day in the Life,&quot; is the ultimate salute to meaninglessness and nuclear annihilation.<br />In actuality, the album is just a bunch of good songs which are especially meaningful if one grew up with them, as I did.<br />But the theory... &quot;With A Little Help from My Friends&quot;: survival through mindless camaraderie, sex, drugs; &quot;Lucy in the Sky&quot;: survival via escape and denial, whether through imagination or drugs; &quot;It's Getting Better&quot;: cynical rejection of the Establishment; suggestion of interpersonal violence which &quot;is getting better&quot; only because &quot;it can't get no worse&quot;; &quot;Fixing A Hole&quot;: the hole in the soul? the arm? the world, tumbling into meaninglessness?; &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot;: rejection of the nuclear family, but LOVE doesn't redeem: only &quot;fun,&quot; a trivial redemption; &quot;Being for the Benefit&quot;: the dark carnival, something like Bradbury in SOMETHING WICKED THIS WAY COMES, which is bad trip and nightmare and certainly no redemption; &quot;Within You Without You&quot;: transcendence through religion, a valid possibility--but undercut by the laughter at the end; &quot;When I'm Sixty-Four&quot;: meaningless Hallmark-greeting-card philosophy, pablum and treakle; &quot;Lovely Rita&quot;: superficial sex; &quot;Good Morning&quot;: meaningless workaday rhetoric: &quot;It's okay,&quot; but it's deadly; Reprise: the artists of lost lives rekindle with no real solutions; and &quot;A Day in the Life,&quot; a bleak vision of suicide or overdose, of forgotten wars without purpose, of workaday despair, of drug-induced escape, of meaningless statistics, and that chord so emblematic of a mushroom cloud....<br />Well: that was the theory. As I said, ignore it. Just a bunch of good songs. &quot;Within You Without You&quot; truly is underrated, though: what a great little synopsis of some potent Indian philosophy; what great tabla and sitar playing; whew!<br />I never grow tired of PEPPER: it molded my early consciousness.<br />So there's my say. What a lark! Review number 401...
6305892806|3.0|I am an Austen fan,  but unlike other film interpretations of her novels, Mansfield's scriptwriter thought it necessary to add more to the book. I found the first two volumes of the novel went by in seconds. I also do not beleive this was Austen's Fanny. O'Connor's portrayal seemed to resemble Marianne Dashwood or Elizabeth Bennet more than Fanny Price. Though I have made these criticisms, it is only to warn you of how the film compares to the book, but as a movie, this film was excellent, well acted, and had perfect scenery and costumes. Rozema's Edmund and the Crawfords were the perfect pictures of Austen's creations. Do not, however think this is the book. See this film, and read the book!
0399146253|1.0|This book should have been an additional chapter or two of it's predecessor &quot;Black Notice.&quot;  That's all the content there is to be had, but unfortunately expanded out to 10 times that size.  The first 230 pages are just re-living that book, and it's only after that that the plot of this book is revealed, and an extremely weak one it is. Cornwell seems to be bored with Kay's world and un-able to create new stories for us.  Hopefully, this book leads to enough change in Scarpetta's life to re-energize the author.<br />Have you noticed that the Scarpetta series has always been a dark one? Every book in the dead of a cold gloomy winter?  Lucy and Kay &amp; Pete constantly fighting depression?  Never having good luck, always having bad things happen to them?  Every book has had this.  Well, this one is the darkest, the gloomiest and the most depressing. I can't figure out if Cornwell is the most depressed person on earth, or the happiest (cause she puts all her bad moods into these books.)
6305075468|5.0|A terrorfying blood-chilling silent horror milestone. I will tell you how I saw this film. Me and my buddies wanted to make a home documentory on monster movies, classic ones. For vampire films, we got &quot;The Fearless Vampire Killers&quot;, &quot;Dracula&quot;, we dug up an old mexican film &quot;The Vampire and the Ballareina&quot;, and best of all &quot;Nosferatu&quot;. We loved the later. The story is like &quot;Dracula&quot;. A young man is sent out to do bissness with Count Orlock. Count Orlock buys a house in his neighborhood. The trouble is just starting. He brings with him a deadly plauge. You know the rest. This film is great. It has not aged a day. I reccomend it to anyone who likes a good scair.
B000050XEI|5.0|A Day Without Rain is a MUST BUY item! If you like her other CD's you will absolutely love this one!
6305075468|5.0|A terrorfying blood-chilling silent horror milestone. I will tell you how I saw this film. Me and my buddies wanted to make a home documentory on monster movies, classic ones. For vampire films, we got &quot;The Fearless Vampire Killers&quot;, &quot;Dracula&quot;, we dug up an old mexican film &quot;The Vampire and the Ballareina&quot;, and best of all &quot;Nosferatu&quot;. We loved the later. The story is like &quot;Dracula&quot;. A young man is sent out to do bissness with Count Orlock. Count Orlock buys a house in his neighborhood. The trouble is just starting. He brings with him a deadly plauge. You know the rest. This film is great. It has not aged a day. I reccomend it to anyone who likes a good scair.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|We thoroughly enjoyed this movie and the story.  Unfortunately, it was one of the first DVD's we bought to watch on our new DVD player, and it could only be viewed in widescreen format.  While the clarity of the picture and the sound effects were awesome compared to VHS, the widescreen format is annoying for those of us who do not have widescreen TV's.  Again, not quite as annoying as widescreen in VHS, but bothersome nonetheless.  All that being said, this was definitely an edge of your seat thriller, and the extras that are part of the DVD were fascinating.  Highly recommend, as long as you don't mind the widescreen formatting.
B000002LK1|5.0|well  what can i say  ITS A MOST  have cd . if you talk to anyone about Depeche Mode you will  Hear the line Enjoy The Silence  and yes in did  its ONE of there biggest hit! the cd its very much SynthPop its short and its suprising  to hear when you think its can get any pop than that it  reviling an acustic sound guitar and  a deep dark ambient sound
B000002AV5|5.0|Hard to believe that this collection came out after only 4 studio albums, but then again, this is Sade, the inimitable velvet-voiced diva who gave us Your Love Is King and The Sweetest Taboo, the woman who virtually revolutionized a whole genre of radio programming called Quiet Storm, and gave us the consummate soundtrack for making out. As a &quot;Best Of&quot; collection, this is almost perfect. The only flaws are what's left off the album.<br />First, the pluses (and there are many). You get all the big hits, from Your Love Is King, to Smooth Operator, to No Ordinary Love. You also get a funky remixed version of Never As Good As The First Time, and an extended version of Cherish The Day with a trippy ending. But best of all are the inclusion of unreleased album tracks like the lovely, lilting Jezebel, and the devastatingly beautiful Pearls. Such inclusions justify this as a true &quot;best of&quot; collection, as opposed to merely being a greatest hits album. <br />Now to the (minor) gripes. She is a fantastic lyricist with a gift for writing vivid character songs, so it's a pity that tracks like Sally, Maureen, and Clean Heart are left out. Also, for space constraint reasons, some songs are truncated. Hence we don't get to hear Stuart Matthewman's guitar solo on Hang On To Your Love; or the sultry spoken intro to Smooth Operator; or the part on Kiss of Life where she and the band are just jamming away (which is criminal because you miss hearing the intimate vibe and tight chemistry between singer and band). But all in all, these are just minor complaints. If you have all her albums, it doesn't really matter. If you don't, well, you'll just have to go and get them!
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead's a pretty good band. I've got nothing against them. This album is nice to listen to. There's some throwaway crud on here (Treefingers), but mostly it's a nice album with pleasant tunes. I like it much better than the hugely overblown OK Computer. I think I've already listened to it more often than I ever listened to OK Comp (which isn't saying much, actually). If you're looking for these guys to &quot;save rock 'n' roll&quot; or some such nonsense, forget it. They're just a band with a good singer and a knack for creating fairly memorable tunes, which is rare these days.
B0000062GE|4.0|Stabbing Westward are to Nine Inch Nails what The Offspring are to The Sex Pistols.  Nine Inch Nails essentially created industrial music and nobody wil dispute that.  Still, I feel that Stabbing Westward do an excellent job of taking elements from an established style of music and fusing it with a more musical, alterna-pop approach.  While Stabbing Westward are without question my favorite &quot;industrial&quot; band, I must say that &quot;Darkest Days&quot; is probably the weakest of their 3 CD's.  Not to say that it's bad, it's just not the best.  This album contains some of their best songs yet, ie &quot;The Thing I Hate&quot; &quot;Haunting Me&quot; &quot;When I'm Dead&quot;, and the mind-blowing closer &quot;Waking Up Beside You&quot;.  If only this album were about 2/3 as long.  It's a shame that bands feel they need to fill as much time as possible on a cd, when 10 perfect songs would be better then 16 uneven ones.  Filler aside, this is a very good album.  Their last two CD's are even better.
B00003ETJQ|2.0|I saw it in the theatre and bought the laser disc version. It is a movie that can be watched repeatedly, usually with friends. You can imagine my great disappointment in having to return my Christmas present - the DVD version of the film - to the place of purchase because of its poor quality. It is unsharp, excessively high in contrast and low in color saturation. What is more, the image flickers in certain scenes, especially those of skyscapes, giving one the impression that they had been shot through the rotating blades of a helicopter. This must be one of the rare instances where the DVD is inferior to the laser disc.This is a great pity, for it is a film that will continue to entrall, surprise, amaze, sadden, etc for a long time to come.I will purchase it when a new remastering becomes available.
6305064490|4.0|The format of the DVD has me bit puzzled.  When I opened the package I noticed that it was a two sided disc.  I thought this was because there was a wide-screen and a regular format to the film.  But when I looked closer I realized that the supplemental material is on the second side.  I know that it did not need to be done this way, so I'm curious why they made it so.  This is only a minor annoyance though on an otherwise wonderful and funny movie.<br />I would buy it again, even if I hate having to flip the disc over to see the extra materials.
B00004X01U|5.0|This CD is amazing.  It is in such a contrast to every other CD of Madonna, at least the ones that I have listened to.   I love the production on the CD.  Its almost pop w. hip hop beats.  Dont worry, the lyrical content is that of a much matured and but still a lot of fun Madonna.  Whether she is sharing her road to fame and to about everywhere else ( I Deserve It ), or having fun ( Music ), the CD is ear pleasing, especially for only having 10 tracks.  Worth the money and much more.  I recommend this CD to any and everyone no matter what your music preference is.  To sum all this into one sentence- MADONNA DOES IT AGAIN!!
0345347951|5.0|Classic Clarke at its best! One of the most important and enigmatic stories in the realm of science fiction, perhaps one of Clarke's most transcendent and important books, dealing with the (one of the possible) future(s) of mankind composed of just a few ones, and even beyond that single destiny...<br />  This is a small book, you can be done with it the very same day you begin reading it.
B000050XEI|5.0|A Day Without Rain, Enya's newest album, is a heavenly piece by an artist who is at the top of her form.  The songs are uniformly strong and generally deal with sensitive perceptions of time and place and insightful commentaries of people and relationships.  Although some other reviews complain about a certain sameness to Enya's sound, she does what she does, and no one does it better. I was disappointed that the album was so short, maninly because I wanted more.  Nevetheless, there is a certainly unity to the mood and content, leaving me a bit hungry but satiated.  And the lyrics--FABULOUS.  After listening to the songs alone a couple of times, I sat down and read the lyrics with the songs, and their poetic nature made the songs truly soar.  I liked &quot;Wild Child&quot;, &quot;Only Time&quot;, and Flora's Secret&quot;, but for me the ending trilogy of &quot;Pilgrim&quot;, (especially) &quot;One by One&quot;, and &quot;Lazy Days&quot; alone made the album worth buying.  A great listen if you want to mellow out from a tough day or want to reflect on love and life!
B00004X0Q0|5.0|Throw in some good Emo, some political angst, and a cup of originality and BAMMMO you get At The Drive-In.  ATDI must have worked like slaves when they were in the studio recording it because it sounds jaw droppingly incredible.  Everysong will get the energy flowing in you and deeeeeeeeep lyrics and great singing keep your attention while the guitars keep going and in no time you'll be singing along with Cedric.  <br />This IS the death of Rap-Metal my friends.  Comparred to ATDI, Limp Bizkit and Papa Roach look like 12 year olds how bought some beat up guitars at a pawn shop.  I expect very big things in At The Drive-In's future.  Just keep watching that clock and maybe just maybe, the world will open up it's eyes to &quot;good&quot; music.
B0000508U6|5.0|This is one of the best albums I've heard in a long time.  Buy it - you'll play it over &amp; over.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|One of the great tragedies of the 90s, in my opinion, is that Rage Against the Machine is the decade's protest band.  We couldn't come up with ANYONE better?  They're loud, and, sorry Rage fans, they're stupid.  Whether they were complicit in it or not, RATM used far-left politics and anger against corporations to fill the coffers of other corporations, and engaged in acts of hypocrisy that I really hope they're at least aware of.  It would be really depressing if they honestly thought a $20 T-shirt with a picture of Che Guevara was a &quot;protest action.&quot;<br />As an example of real music with a real social conscience, buy &quot;London Calling.&quot;  You really will not find a better album of protest rock.  The Clash serving as ska's roots is really just the beginning; this album has a rather wide mix of musical styles, and, refreshingly, strong lyrics to go with the music.  Everybody knows &quot;London Calling&quot; and &quot;Rudie Can't Fail&quot;, but every song here is a gem.  &quot;Lost in the Supermarket&quot; is a song about consumerism in place of thought with an cheerful aura around it that's eerie.  &quot;Koka Kola&quot; is a hootingly funny middle finger at cocaine and those rich enough to snort it.  Every song is catchy, and you can simply play it as party music.  But I'd put on the headphones and listen closely to this album at least once, if for no other reason than to really listen to the lyrics.
0784011796|5.0|it really irks me that every video store i go to is keeping this movie in the sci-fi section. it is *not* science fiction. the science elements pertain solely to math, which is *technically* a schience, but not one typically associated with the sci-fi genre. (and &quot;Cube&quot; doesnt count, simply because it sucked way too much to count). <br />Moreover, this movie isnt really *about* math, not really. the math involved is a symbol, and could easily be replaced by, what, chemistry? physics? it doesnt matter. the film isnt about science. it is about, as Max so brilliantly put it, &quot;what's between the numbers.&quot; it is about the exploration of man's modern ontological dilemma, and his search for a God-of-the-gaps in a world where all the gaps are quickly filling in. it is an exploration of one man's genius (a man who is *incidentally* a mathematician), and the disturbing tendancy of genius to couple itself with madness. the movie is about a search for the Truth, capital &quot;T&quot; there are no aliens, no spaceships, and for god's sake no beaming, phasers, or warp nacelles. there is just this obsessed guy and his compulsion to figure out what is going on, which is really all any of us are trying to do.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|This movie, and the idea behind it, is the worst kind of perversion of the cinematic art. The director, Keenan Ivory Wayans claims that it is a parody of a satire. Well, why? Why would one parodize a satire? <br />I can understand a parody of slasher movies in general, and they were ripe for it in the 1980's. In the 90's, Scream tried to make a statement about the genre but was merely an updated version of an already played-out theme.  Scary Movie takes the genre to the next level, as a &quot;parody of a satire,&quot; and it could have been a success. The problem is that a parody shouldn't completely mirror the film it lampoons. Scary Movie so completely resembles Scream that it falls totally flat. <br />There were other details in modern slasher films which were more than ripe for parody, such as the silly, completely unscary costumes (raincoat, parka, fencing mask). Including other movies in the mix (usual suspects, the matrix, meet joe black- i think) was merely lazy. The worst aspect of the film, however, was probably the pacing. A combination of the sloppy direction and lazy writing made a totally confused dumping ground of a film which didn't even deserve to break even.<br />As a sidebar, I found the only funny jokes to be about one of the characters' latent homosexuality. From dressing his girlfriend in a men's football uniform to considering jail as a way to fulfill his fantasies, this was the only enjoyment I experienced in watching the film. Un-PC? Sure. But it ws the only time I laughed.<br />Sidebar 2 - This film, as many reviewers noted, deserved an NC-17 rating. God knows why it didnt get one.
0446677450|5.0|This book is definitely one of the best I have ever read. This man speaks the absolute truth about what it's going to come down to in today's society to be secure. I had been very frustrated with what the corporate working environment has become for the past several years. I also had a business idea that I had been contemplating for about four years when I read this book. That idea has now become a reality and I do not foresee having to continue participating in the charade for much longer. I also see other business opportunities that I would have never even considered before. As for the repetition in the book, this is by design. This is done in order ingrain the concepts in the mind of the reader. Overall, a great read, I appreciated the entire trilogy.
0312962118|4.0|I liked it but there were flaws. The biggest was when the &quot;hit team&quot; didn't search the bodies of the men who attempted to kill them. Consequently the cat was out of the bag. The author should of come up with some other way to tip off the target. Again, this being the most world-shaking mission ever undertaken, it seems to me that each member evolved in the mission would have been assigned a group of undercover bodyguards to watch their back and to protect. And there was a few more.  Other than that is was good! Allot better than most, that's for sure.
B000002J7U|4.0|I have to admit that this is not one of the best CD from Master of new age Mr. Vangelis, but here the great musician explore another mix of sound. The first piece is vigorous and take you to a emotional state where you feel full of energy. The rest of the album settle down and invites you to relaxing places, specially the track &quot;While my hart is still beating&quot;.<br />     After all, is a Vangelis work. You can not miss it
B0000508U6|5.0|This album is amazing.  I fell in love with the song &quot;Yellow&quot; and was extremely impressed with the rest of the album.  Standout tracks include: &quot;Trouble&quot; &quot;Everything's Not Lost,&quot; and &quot;Don't Panic.&quot;<br />Each song is almost hypnotic with a very spacey atmosphere, for lack of a better adjective, that gives you that &quot;floating in space&quot; feeling.<br />I would say if you like bands like Radiohead, Travis, Spiritualized, and even Yo La Tengo, you will most likely be pleased with your purchase!
0684853523|5.0|This book is delightful. King not only talks to you in a very down-to-earth manner, he makes the task of writing (which is like pulling teeth for some) appear as something more like a fun hobby or a relaxing pastime. Indeed, it is his favorite. He gives insightful information on events in his life (which in some way influenced him) as well as offers his own method for writing. He makes it quite clear that writing is a service, not a chore. He prepares the reader well, rendering him/her excited, anxious to write, even if he/she has never really written before (like myself). This book is short and an easy-read. Read it if you're a King fan and you're curious as to how the man does it, or read it (especially) if you're an aspiring writer.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|David Lynch returns to simplicity in The Straight Story about a grizzled old man who rides a tractor to visit his ailing brother.  The look in Farnsworth's eyes prove he is an actor of great accomplishment.  Sissy Spacek gives an Oscar worthy performance as his handicapped daughter.  Such a simple movie contrasting with such humanistic issues, all tying in with Lynch's take on American culture, makes The Straight Story easily one of the best films of 1999.
B00004WGBE|4.0|This is a good adaptation of a great novel. The &quot;Tenant&quot;, Helen Graham, is a mysterious and solitary woman.  She comes to Wildfell Hall to escape from an abusive alcoholic husband.  She only wants to be left alone with her son to provide a safe and quite environment for the boy: away from the influence of his father.  Helen's simple desires are not easily realized in the small town full of busybodies.  She meets Gilbert and reluctantly falls in love with him.  Circumstances require her to return to her husband, but love must win out in the end.   <br />This is a dark, mysterious story and the filming does a very good job getting that across.  If you like period films, this is a good one.
0345350499|5.0|This novel tops my best-loved, most read list.  A deep and moving tale of Britain, in the time of King Arthur, when the old religion of the Goddess is being threatened by Christianity.  The story follows all the woman in Arthur's life; mother, sister, wife.   Although the length and size of the book tend to frighten, once you start, you won't be able to stop!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I've had this CD for about a year now, and I have yet to even begin to grow tired of it.  It's simply wonderful.  It is one of the most emotional album's I have ever heard, without being corny or cheesy in the least.  There is only one song that I have ever had the urge to skip (Mistake).  Not because it isn't a good song, because it is, but it just doesn't seem to me to fit in with the rest of the songs.  Fiona's second album has more of an emphasis on the rhythmic elements than her first, which helps to distinguish it and keeps one from feeling that this is just more of the same stuff.  This CD just brings you in, you can't help but relate to the emotions Fiona pours out even if you've never personally experienced anything she's singing about.  Every time I listen to it all the way through, I'm almost in tears by the last song.  Most of the album is a bit on the angry side (some will say that's an understatement), especially the second to last track &quot;Get Gone,&quot; so by the time she gets to the end with the extremely sensitive and touching &quot;I Know,&quot; its just so moving.  Every song is great, but my personal favorites are Limp, Love Ridden, Get Gone, I Know, and the best song is Paper Bag.
B00004RFCM|5.0|Great episodes, some my wife and I hadn't seen before. Great format. Nice extras.
B000002H6C|5.0|I remember when this came out,the world was not into Metallica,the only people who liked Metallica where Metalheads!  This album has to be one of the best vibes ever committed to tape.The songs are just incredable!  I love the production on this album,no gloss,just raw in your face sound,much better then the Bob Rock Radio friendly Metallica!  I remember I had a cass. tape of this first,I wore it out!After three months of listening to it!  For anyone who truely was into Metallica before &quot;The Black album&quot; you can not aurgue that this is their best.(master of puppets coming close behind)James lyrics meant something,and the playing was just mind-blowing!Buy this Album first,get the black album last!
B00004T9UF|4.0|EMINEM is back with a HOT album that is just one cut below his debut joint which was almost perfect.  from the 1st track, kill you, to the last, criminal, this cd has some tight lyrics and great chorus'.  eminem sticks to his style which most artists dont and is more edgy and cunning in this album.  he gets his message across and doesnt care what people think.  this is a must have for any rap lover.
B00004XQP4|4.0|In the day in age where the vast majority of pop music consumers are age 9-12 prepubescent girls who buy the cds for the ever-popular reason, &quot;the blonde one is hot,&quot; comes an album by a band who can best be described as &quot;fast and fun,&quot; but it's groundbreaking.  Green Day's latest effort, &quot;Warning,&quot; ranks up there in my book with such groundbreaking albums as Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; or the Beach Boys' &quot;Pet Sounds,&quot; which, oddly enough, was recorded in the same Los Angeles studio as &quot;Warning.&quot;  From the nasal whining of &quot;Church on Sunday&quot; to the hip swinging shuffle punk of the album's first radio-friendly track, &quot;Minority,&quot; the album &quot;Warning&quot; proves that Green Day is not a one-sound wonder. Most tracks are held together by, GASP!, an acoustic guitar. Green Day has successfully followed up a stringent of great, and mediocre albums with an LP that will keep your toes a-tappin.<br />Standout Tracks: Warning, Blood Sex &amp; Booze, Fashion Victim, Hold On, Minority<br /> ....
B0000024YL|5.0|This is an outstanding CD that has the very best songs from Simon and Garfunkel, who were America's trubedors of the 1960s.  The duo wrote timeless classics such as &quot;Mrs. Robinson&quot;, &quot;The Boxer&quot; and my personal favorite &quot;Scarburough Fair&quot;.  I listened to these songs over and over when I was a kid since my brother had the cassette tape, and now that I am in my late 30s, it is great to listen to them again.<br />Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel, weren't Rock and Rollers, they were in my opinion folk singers for the young generation of the 1960s.  They wrote about songs of peace, love and inner self reflection.  They also were able to make America listen to what they had to say due to their great vocal ability.<br />&quot;The Boxer&quot;, tells the story of a young man who is frustrated with himself and the world, &quot;Scarburough Fair&quot; is a Medieval melody that is beautiful, &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Water&quot; is Art Garfunkel's signature song, &quot;Mrs Robinson&quot; is their most famous song, and the others on this CD are timeless and all of these are considered classics.<br />This CD is highly recommended to all who enjoy the sounds and talents of America's balladeers.
B000002UAU|2.0|This receives 2 stars from me in the context of what The Beatles are capable of. Any other band recording this would receive 4 stars. As a young (21 yrs) Beatles fan, I have spent the last 3 years constantly listening to every Beatles album, and have to say that I can't see what all the fuss is over Sgt Peppers! This is the softest album they ever recorded (Paul's concept and execution primarily). A Day in the Life is undoubtedly one of The Beatles' finest songs and is possibly one of the best endings to an album ever (closely behind Tommorrow Never Knows). Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds is a dreamy, beautifully sung tune by John. With A Little Help From My Friends is OK (Joe Cocker's is much better though). Remove these three songs from the album, and you are left with some very average songs indeed. Also McCartney's vocals don't have the same range as John's and his added influence is not favourable on the music. Rubber Soul has many classics (Norwegian Wood, In My Life, Drive My Car, Nowhere Man), Revolver has some great electric songs (And Your Bird Can Sing, Taxman, She Said) Sgt Peppers definitely lacks a heart. Far from being the definitive Beatles work, I would place this well behind Rubber Soul, Revolver, Abbey Road and the White Album. For other young people considering a first album purchase of The Beatles, I would recommend Rubber Soul or Revolver. Or get Sgt Peppers if you are the sort of person who pretends to love Radiohead's 'Kid A' just to show how alternative and intellectual your musical tastes are.
B00004SU5J|5.0|My dad recommended this cd to me. Wow. What a surprise. I didn't know what to expect. Thanks dad, b/c it was one of the greatest most beautiful musical gifts ever. &quot;Tourist&quot; is a must for any cd collection. St. Germain is essentially Moby without words. This cd will lift your spirits instantly. St Germian has even achieved national media success, having had track 1 &quot;Rose Rouge&quot; played on a recent television commercial(can't recall). Track 3 &quot;So Flute&quot; is the real deal. Don't waste anymore time reading this and go buy this cd-Today!!
0375707972|5.0|It is a simple love story. Yet it is much more than just that. It is also a very sensitive portrayal of how post war Germany is struggling to come to terms with its past. I liked the lucid and simple style of prose, and for this the credit goes to the translator.
0553573403|5.0|If the next two books are anything close to this one I seriously believe this is one series no fantasy fan should miss.<br />The characters are so complex and live-like you just can't stop falling in love with them. The story is so well developed and so interesting you just have to stay awake to read just a few more pages (usually until four or five in the morning). It's thrilling,  well paced, intoxicating. One of the very best books I've reading this last couple of years and I've readen a lot. Highly recomended for mature readers.<br />Like every work of art it has its drawbacks 'cause nothing can be perfect, but for me the only problem of the book is that Martin never stays with the same character for more than 10 pages. He switches characters just when you are starting to warm up to them. But, oh well, we'll have to live with that.
B000001OAA|5.0|I was reluctent to check out this band when I first heard of them.  Until I heard &quot;Only happy when it rains&quot;...then I had to hear the rest.  Garbage is a refreshing break from the monotomy of modern day radio.  Songs like Supervixon, Only happy, Not my Idea, and As Heaven is Wide have nice, driving beats that make it hard not to move your head or tap your foot, while tracks like Queer, Stupid Girl and Milk present a more relaxed, artistic focus from the band.   Shirley Manson is an angel walking the earth.  She is as close to perfection as most dare hope for in the music world today.  She is dark and mysterious, but outgoing and passionate with her art.  She portrays emotion with her voice and sexuality with her movements like no one I've ever seen before.  Did you ever feel like the lead singer of a band was actually singing to *you?*  You will. Forget Mariah, Britney and Christina.  Don't even think about Backstreet, 98 degrees or DMX.  Yeah, DMX, I can't stand them either.  Garbage is fresh, real and not just another studio band.  Do not pass this cd up.
B00004Z459|5.0|When I heard One Step Closer on the radio I was hooked, little did I know their CD would become one of my favorites. Every track is good, if not great. Here's my thoughts for each track. 1.Papercut-  My favorite, the beginning is amazing. Every part of this is great. 2.One Step Closer- How can you go wrong with the single?  3.With You-Very  &quot;Korn&quot; like (except for the rap verses, of course!) This is pretty good. 4.Points of Authority- This is tight! A hip-hop groove to it: except for the chorus. 5.Crawling- Slow start explodes into a great song. 6.Runaway- Somehow the lead singer sounds like Incubus's frontman. Good song. 7.By Myself-Sounds a little like a mix of the rest of them, but this is a pretty good song too. 8.In The End- Solid Song. Nice chorus 9. A Place for my Head-The beginning of this bumps. I like this one a lot. 10.Forgotten-Wastes no time starting up! Good song. It gets better further in. 11.Cure For The Itch-Nice sampling and beats. 12.Pushing Me Away-A Great Song. It concludes the album nicely.<br />Rap/Rock/Metal Fans alike will all enjoy this album.
B000002UAC|3.0|I haven't even heard this CD, and I'm already disappointed in it.  My very first LP ever (I was 8 - please, don't do the math), was Meet the Beatles.  With technology what it is in the Year 2000, you would think a CD could be made of exactly the original Meet the Beatles.  It would bring back many fond memories.
B00000IONU|5.0|This duo should go places! My favorite is The Big Three.... Go for it!
B00003CXE7|4.0|this is surely russell crows best work. This movie very much moved me in ways i can not describe.
0393307050|5.0|After reading Patrick O'Brian's &quot;Master and Commander&quot;, I decided to read the whole pack of the Aubrey/Maturin novels. Let me explain why: The characters are not bigger than life, in fact they are so vulnerable and have their weaknesses. Secondly, the theme of the book is so logical. The meeting of Aubrey and Maturin in the beginning, Maturin's joining Aubrey and the trial Aubrey faces in the Martial Court. The time it takes for a message to get to the outer limits of the world's greatest navy of the time surely adds to the excitement. A wonderful read.
B00003CXE7|2.0|Gladiator, a most anticipated viewing experience, turned out to be one of my most disappointing.  The movie, directed by the talented Ridley Scott, whose craft and visual style is one to be looked at in awe, is sadly a waste of a good director's talents and good performer's time.  The movie makes use of many grisley effects, most of which are overly blatant, and meaningless.  Whenever the gladiators fight, the blood flys everywhere, and the photography is highly jumpy and aggravating--it is very hard to keep track of all the action.  Some of the footage appears to have even been sped up, I presume in an attempt to make the action look more exciting,however it only proves to make it all the more confusing.  I felt like I was watching a cheap music video set to the film's soundtrack.  <br />As far as the actors are concerned, I felt they performed well.  Although the film is highly short on dialouge, what lines that are spoken are delivered very well.  Russell Crowe is a terrific talent, and he plays the grief stricked, revenge hungry Maximus with a great quality.  It was hard to take my eyes off of him.  I only wish that there was more for him to say.  <br />The makers of this motion picture did a fabulous job of bringing ancient Rome to the screen.  The visual depictions of all of the Roman landscape amazing, and breathtaking.  The movie's photography is very beautiful indeed, until the fighting starts.  The action cuts too quickly, and the violence is a step past the gratuitous line.  By the time I finsished the movie I had little or no desire to even watch the special features, for I no longer cared what was left out of the film. If the makers felt it needed to be cut from what they finally ended up with, then it does not deserve my time or attention, for the what made it to the screen as &quot;Gladiator&quot; was giant box office draw with no meat, no character developement, and far too much blood.  If you're going to give us a bloody movie, Ridley, at least do it with some taste.  The makers of other historical epics have achieved the same, it is a shame that the makers of Gladiator could not.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|I own the DVD of Scary Movie and haven't had any problems with it. The DVD Player I own is Oritron. Now the only problem I'm having so far is getting it (and any DVD) to play on the DVD/CD Rom player on the computer. It might be just a set of bad DVDs that were released. I know most new DVDs are sent to stores weeks in advance before becoming available. So between that time of delivery and being out on stands anything can happen. I could have gone with all the male private parts being seen. I also could have gone with the female gym teacher and her Basic Instinct scene. The two Marlon Wayan segments that were cut should have stayed and the gym teacher segment should have been cut. I hope you know that a network has already bought the rights to the movie. I think it was NBC and it will be interesting to see how they show a &quot;clean&quot; version of this movie in 2002. Can't wait for Scary Movie 2 next year.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|Gone In Sixty Seconds is the best movie I have ever seen!  It has a great cast, beautiful cars, and awesome car chases.  It is also very comical at times.  I recommend this movie to everyone, especially automobile lovers.
0805047905|5.0|This has been my daughter's favorite book since she turned one.  It is the first book she pulls out of the pile to have read to her at night.  Now at 21 months old, she can recite the whole book just by seeing the picture.  Good book for learning the animals and colors.
B00000JYGX|5.0|This is one of the most amazing recordings I've ever had the priviledge to hear, much less own. I can't restrain myself from dancing around to Des Etrangers, that's how powerful it is. This is for anyone who loves a great story and great music. I don't know how I could have called myself a fan of music theater before I knew about this show and listened to it a few times.
0743200799|5.0|This book details the human and machine story of the early space race. Gene Kranz was there from the very beginning, and right in the thick of it. Detailing some of the hair-raising experiences the crews and mission control teams went through, the book makes absorbing reading for someone who is even only slightly interested in space technology.
B00004YW6I|3.0|This is a fine album - it's just not a fine PJ Harvey album.  It's full of above-average songwriting, singing, and musicianship, and I quite enjoy playing it at high volume while cleaning house.  However, it simply lacks the depth and poetry of PJ Harvey's previous work.  In saying this, I'm not trying to consign her to the 'hag rock' ghetto, and bemoan the something that sounds like happiness on this record.  Perhaps it is a challenge to bring depth to the simple pleasures of which she writes on this record.
B00004Z400|4.0|White Pony is the Deftones best, now with the awesome extra track &quot;back to school&quot; its even better. The reason I give it only 4 stars is a few songs sound the same. Not a big deal though.Heres what I rate the songs&quot;Back To School:10 (awesome)feticera:7Digital Bath:9 (great)Elite:5RX Queen:8Streat Carp:8Teenager:6Knife Prty:8 (weird)Korea:10+ (the best song on the CD)Passenger:9Change:9Pink Maggit:5Im a fan of Korn,Bush,Nirvana,and some Limp bizkit (the non-rap stuff only)and I think the CD's great evrn if it isnt as heavy.Go buy it.
0792846443|5.0|Paul Sheldon, renowned novelist of the Misery Chastaine series, has just finished a new composition and is on his way to the airport to fy to New York and confer with his editor. A snowstorm develops in the surrounding area, the road becoming increasingly difficult to see. He squints past the dash through the roaring blizzard, swerving uncontrollably across the icy tracks. His car suddenly careens off the road, tumbling down an embankment and becoming burrowed in the mounting height of snowfall. The crash knocks him unconscious and renders him helpless for he has sustained multiple fractures in both legs and various other injuries. In the middle of the chaos, a mysterious figure spots the buried automobile and drags Paul from the carnage, throwing him over their shoulder and carrying him to safety. When he awakes, the face of a young nurse hangs over him declaring proudly that she is his number one fan. Little does he know, this is a fact she will prove time and again during his tenure at the Wilkes farm.<br />Paul (James Caan) begins contemplating his escape the minute Wilkes' true nature is revealed to him in a fit of rage over his new manuscript. She frightens him into reducing his only copy to charred morsels and he is then coerced into penning his ninth installment of the Misery Chastain saga, unwillingly resurrecting his deceased heroine. As time goes on and Paul's wounds heal, he begins to see Annie's obsession with Misery's fictitious world burgeon to pure lunacy. He eventually comes to the doomed conclusion that his only way out will be his life or hers...<br />&quot;Misery&quot; couldn't have been a more appropriate appellation for what Paul endures throughout this entire film under the domineering and neurotic guardianship of Annie Wilkes (Kathy Bates). Bates is spine-chilling as the reclusive and irrational medic who keeps Paul captive in her foreboding lodge, dulling his senses with powerful painkillers and preventing his escape by any means. She is a dangerously intelligent fraud, perfectly unsuspecting in her demure manner and lighthearted disposition. This is a device that flawlessly conceals the fiery malice lurking beneath her charismatic shell. Bates won an Oscar for Best Actress for her disquieting and methodical portrayal and, along with her recognition from the Academy, unknowingly attained a special place in Stephen King's heart paired with another starring role in his next adaptation titled &quot;Dolores Claiborne&quot; (see my review on that).<br />Caan is an interesting choice for the abducted author, his fear and rage believable, although this wasn't difficult to portray with somebody as brilliantly convincing as Bates on the job. He is the unlikely candidate for a role such as this after the portrayal of hot-headed Italian sibling Sonny Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola's masterful trilogy of Godfather movies. He makes us cringe with his agonizing screams, falling out of his bed and banging his splinted legs on the hardwood floor. His determination and hopelessness are evident in his mobile face, and he makes for a great protagonist in this eerie tale.<br />Co-starring to the thrill of Bates is the late Richard Farnsworth (The Straight Story) as Buster, the county sheriff investigating Paul Sheldon's disappearance. Lauren Bacall makes a relaxed cameo as Sheldon's editor who prods him about abruptly ending his enduring literary series.<br />Most surprising was the direction by Rob Reiner, the architect of such zany comedies &quot;When Harry Met Sally&quot;, &quot;Throw Momma From The Train&quot; and &quot;The First Wives Club&quot;. This is not his usual schtick and it's nice to see him venturing forth into unexplored territory. Compare some of the camerawork from &quot;Misery&quot; to one of the above mentioned (Throw Momma...) and you will see the remarkable similarities.<br />I prefer reading most of King's tale instead of watching them because often movies cheapen the psychoanalysis that books offer for their characters and the possibility of bad casting can put some of your favorite stories to shame. There is an exception to be made for this one, however, and her name is Kathy Bates.er for their characters and the possibility of bad casting can put some of your favorite stories to shame. There is an exception to be made for this one, however, and her name is Kathy Bates.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I, like many others, bought this CD to hear the song to the show &quot;Roswell&quot; but I never imagined it could be so powerful. Her lyrics deliver a sweet melancholy whis is exquisite to suffer. In other words: Dido's voice is as amazing as any alien you can find
B000002UW1|5.0|Sorry. I know that probably isn't the real lyric. Sadly for me, I don't occupy the mind (or the time) of Michael Stipe. Which is unlike the majority of reviewers who have taken the time to review this album. Magically, most everybody knows the secret hidden meanings behind songs such as &quot;The One I Love&quot; and &quot;Oddfellows Local 151.&quot; How is everyone so in the know? What do I have to do to get in this vaunted group? I'm dying to know. Perhaps could it be many are merely regurgitating what they read in music magazines, see on TV, hear from friends, etc.,etc. Newsflash 2000: REM song &quot;One I Love&quot;, not really love song. Story at 11.<br />But I digress. I don't think I can interpret Stipe's lyrics anyway. So I won't bother to try. I never was much of one to listen to a song and understand all the lyrics. Often, years go by while I'm making up my own words until someone catches me singing (badly) the wrong words and laughs and makes fun of me until I cry.<br />But that's neither here nor there. To me, REM strives at what most of the other alternative bands were likewise reaching for. A place beyond ordinary rock music. It might sound a bit silly to say, but transcendence. Be that in the form of a political message, a social message, or a spiritual message. It's the same reason why this band and U2 and precious few others survived the early 90's barrage of alt rock music. Because ultimately, we want to hear music that actually has a message and means something to not only the audience but also the performer. At least, I believe some of us do. Which doesn't help to explain Limp Bizkit. Maybe there is such a thing as too much of a good thing. Maybe from time to time we need a pile of redundant stupidity to keep us in check.<br />In the end everyone finds their own meaning in songs. I'm not going to tell you this song means exactly this and only this and that song means exactly that and only that. I could tell you what it means to me. But really, what good is that? I can't persuade anyone to like it because I tell them to. You have to find out for yourself what it means to you. Isn't that what art is all about? It's the same reason you can tell a masterpiece from an advertisement. Both are pictures. It's the same with this album and the rest of the trash that's out there today. Both contain songs. Or at least screaming and maniacal ranting.
B0000067L2|5.0|In my book this work is one of the most influential recordings of all time.  If you thought Seargeant Peppers was a psychedlic recording, this one floods your senses with the colorful mood of the day.  Just look at the CD cover.  Colors comming everywhere.  Sort of like a rainbow.  A bearded one mind you.<br />So much for one of the all time great album covers.  The music ranks just as stupendous as Clapton's guitar, Ginger's drumming, and Jack Bruce's contributions are just plain awesome.  The wah wah pedal effects from Clapton on World of Pain and Tales From Brave Ulysses just take me to heaven.  Eric's vocal performance on Outside Woman Blues is especially noteworthy due to his charming delivery.  And what about Jack Bruce's haunting vocals on We're Going Wrong.  I tell you just about every track is a highlight here.  Any fan of blues rock should have this gem.
0345363132|4.0|I loved the book, and would highly recommend it.  Ms. Penman performs one of my favorite literary feats:  Taking on familiar stereotypes and standing them on their heads without bludgeoning the reader with hysterics or polemics.  That being said, one or two things didn't ring quite true, or could have been added to strengthen the plot.  One, she depicts the Tower of London as it became later under the Tudors -- a place of horror and torture.  Under the Plantagenets, it was the official royal residence.  It was used to house important prisoners like Henry VI and the duke of Clarence because it was the obvious place to put important prisoners.  Two, she unaccountably leaves out mention of the tragedy of the earl of Desmond, murdered by Tiptoft at the behest of Edward's queen for an unfortunate, if true, remark.  Richard III felt so deeply about this that he sent a personal apology to Desmond's son when he came to the throne.  Three, Ireland, the most secure power base the Yorkists had, is barely mentioned.  Four, the author gets a few things wrong about the Catholic Church -- although very slight, and they don't make a difference to the plot.  However, if the reader can ignore these things, which, again, don't really harm the plot, the book is very enjoyable.  Perhaps they could even be corrected in a future edition.
B00004ZD69|5.0|In hearing of this group through amazon.com, I decided to give it a try and buy it.  All I can say is that I have been looking for this cd for a long time without even knowing it existed or what it would sound like.  This is what music is all about.  Creative.  Since all of the songs on the album are 20 minutes or more in length, it is very hard to review these by song title.  Actually, the song titles are irrelevant when you make music like GYBE!  If I were to describe this album in a nutshell, I would say it is a happily depressing version of KLF's &quot;Chill Out&quot; album at night.  For most of the album I just wanted to stare at the wall.  Every song starts off so slow you think it might not ever take off, but eventually it builds to a point where you just want to go crazy with glee.  Pretty soon drums kick in, strings lift, and just drop the bomb on everything.  It should be called &quot;lift your phat fists like antennas to heaven!&quot; because of how PHAT the album is.  I know that word has been used too much in the past, but it's true for this album.  It seems like most of these songs - if not all of them - are structured the same way.  Fine with me.  Can I have another, please.  <br />Finallly, if you like music that is thought provoking and decadent, you should look no further.  This will open up other groups as well and change the way you listen to music, again.  Without putting Radiohead down(one of my favorite groups), this album almost makes Kid A seem unimportant this year.  One group, compared to GYBE! I find to be most incredible is Mogwai.  Also, another great group similar to GYBE! is Sigur Ros(pronounced Sih-yur Rose) which is yet another great band from Iceland.  GYBE! being from Canada.  They are more melodic and structured than this album, but just a good.  Do yourself a favor and go for it.  Buy this GYBE! album.  If you don't like it, I'll be surprised.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|But yet another compilation of sorts. Its nice to revisit the Beatles every once in a while. They were by far the best band ever.
B000002BFZ|4.0|This is how I see the casual fan, the radiohead who only knows Pearl Jam for their radio hits such as Jeremy, Daughter, and Better Man. I know a good deal of these people, and know that they would not like this CD one bit. Personally I think this is probably one of Pearl Jam's most artsy albums and a joy to listen to. This is the one I put in when I'm in the mood to just sit back and enjoy some good music, while Ten is the one I put in when I really feel the need to let go of some angry tension. No Code is the album that shifted Pearl Jam from arena rock to just plain good music. Songs such as &quot;Hail, Hail&quot; and &quot;Lukin&quot; are good fast songs, this CD is full of slower and more in depth music then their prior three albums. Yield and Binaural combined the two and were both great CD's, but if in search of the most poetic Eddie and the boys have been go for this album. This album is deffinatly for the Jamhead, not the casual fan. I got this one after I got all the others, maybe the several dozen spins Yield and Binaural got (as well as all their other work) get prepared me for this one, but personally I love this one and would hope others can see past Jeremy and Even Flow, (both very excellent songs, by the way), and just enjoy this cd.
0871137380|5.0|I had a great opportunity to attend a lecture series at the Pentagon and hear author Mark Bowden discuss the challenges he underwent in writing this book. Through extensive research, thousands of interviews, including a trip to Somalia to talk with some of the Somali clan warriors who actually fought against the Americans, Bowden wove all of this into a great reading work. Here is a man who has absolutely no military experience, but masterfully captured the harrowing experiences of the brave Rangers and Delta Force team members in a desperate situation in Somalia. This book was gripping! You will feel the despair, anguish and will to survive. I highly recommend this book to any with an interest in this genre. It is absolutely historically accurate, and reads like a great work of fiction.
B000002UAO|5.0|This is the BRITISH VERSION/EMI release of THE classic Beatle album. If you look at all the songs, how many are on their new &quot;Best Of&quot; album, &quot;#1's&quot;??? NONE! This fact alone illustrates the influence the Beatles had on their peers and today.<br />DRIVE MY CAR is a classic. NOWHERE MAN is top 5 and also available in &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;. Anne Murray did a pop version of YOU WON'T SEE ME.<br />But now the classics..... &quot;Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)&quot; &quot;Girl&quot; &quot;In My Life&quot; &quot; &quot;Michelle&quot; &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot; could all have been Number one classics but where never released as singles. While Paul McCartney revealed that Brian Wilson's &quot;God Only Know's&quot; was a favorite song and influence, the converse was true with this album.<br />This album would fit on AOR or MOR stations today without question. Rubber Soul is a requirement for any audiophile, as &quot;In My Life&quot; is one of the best songs of the rock era, period.<br />The album is well worth the money, and would be an excellent gift to any one of the 1 -2 Baby Boomers left who Don't have it. 'oo'
6305014140|5.0|This movie is very intense, even for adults. The Plot is very good, but it'd be a lot better without so much so fast. The movie has, though, earned all 5 stars.
0312958455|4.0|I guess all Michael Connelly fans have their own personal favourites which is a sign of a good writer. I liked 'Last Coyote' the best so far. (I haven't read Void Moon, Angels Flight, or the Black Ice yet)<br />I liked it the most because it was a battle of the human spirit which was Harry's greatest test of all. It also had the most action which didn't hurt. <br />Last Coyote was an excellent book and I highly recommend it.
0553106635|5.0|Some read for writing style, skill or because one favors a particular author; some for the pleasure of reading good books, and others for the love of the genre.  My reading  preference is for a long, leisurely stroll through alternative worlds crafted by true fantasy meisters, and, 'frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn' how long it may take or how many novels are required in a series to reach the destination that the author has intended.  Just gimme words to tantalize the imagination and I am hooked.  George R.R. Martin continues to offer a cornucopia of verbal victuals upon which to feast and fantasize.  This continuation of his rip roaring saga of blood and battles, betrayal and beastial behavior within the rancorous seven kingdoms is guaranteed to satisfy.  <br />The Lannisters are as malicious, cruel, devious and destructive as always, although, wait!  there seems to be a hint of redemption for one or more of the lions.  Martin is unafraid to knock off readers expectations as well as heros and kings alike ('ole wormy lips)  and to make new ones out of bastards and bogeymen.  While the politics of personal destruction are cruelly executed, poor Imp, the snotty dialog stabbing forth from Tyrion's caustic lips is especially biting and bitter yet dead on funny at times.  This novel is a rich pastiche of nasty and nice, weak and powerful, and in the words of Lord Petyr, &quot;there are two sorts of people, the players and the pieces&quot;.   Who will emerge the hero?  The pieces are not yet all in play.<br />One of the more engaging players in this saga is the dragon queen Daenerys Targaryen who must overcome betrayal within her own court and those outside who seek to destroy her before she can claim her rightful throne in the seven kingdoms. One wonders if she will succeed after all the other &quot;kings&quot; have self destructed while she awaits in a distant land for events to unfold.  Ser Jorah Mormont, her exiled knight will be a crucial player in whether or not she will prevail.<br />I do wish, however, that the author didn't jump around so much from plot to plot with each new chapter.  It can confuse and frustrate when one must repeatedly page back to an earlier chapter in order to reanimate the storyline and direction.  Secondly, when will the covert power of magic truly animate the story apart from the spooky &quot;Others&quot; that are haunting and murdering the wildlings and men of the wall?  Martin sprinkles hints aplenty including those mystical dreams of Jojen Reed, a companion of Bran, and the visions seen by the fire worshipping religious zealot Melisandre guiding the petty king Stannis Baratheon, to those of Daenerys adolescent dragons growing into their own magical powers.   <br />If you enjoy a nice long, absorbing read, and are a conoisseur of extraordinary writing then this excellent book is a veritable banquet for those who love words, lots and lots of wonderful words.
0684853523|4.0|Well, not exactly anyone, but it sure seems that the prolific &quot;everyman&quot; writer Mr. King does empower us all to grab a pen or a keyboard and make a go of it. The portioin of the book devoted to King's upbringing and book ideas is fun, sometimes humorous, but relatively banal compared to the &quot;guts&quot; of On Writing. That latter 1/2 is a plain brown wrapper full of great ideas, motivating thoughts, and a touch of reassurance. Unlike most &quot;How to Write a Besteseller&quot; books, many of which make the bestseller sound like a recipe for Grandma's Hard Cider, Stephen's says to, essentially, go for it. The most startling revelation is his dislike of &quot;plotting&quot;.... he suggests simple letting the story develop itself, based on your &quot;FEEL&quot; for how it would play out in real life. Interject some action, write it well (lest one forget the meticulous errors of good scribe that King nails down for us... thank you), and vavoom, even you can write a book.<br />We doggie, I would jot more ditties about this trashy little pulp called &quot;on Writing&quot;, but I am off to the keyboard.  See you on the bestseller's list.
6305014140|5.0|Ninja Scroll takes place in feudal japan and is about a war with a masterless ninja whom travels the land (Jubei) accompanied by beautiful female ninja whose touch can bring instant death (Kagero) and an annoying--but wise old man (Dakuan). The three encounter various ninja warriors (8 in total) and eventually each is basically killed in really cool ways...<br />Moving on, in comparison to Wrath of the Ninja--this film is kickass... hands down. I had never seen Ninja Scroll before, only Wrath of the Ninja... I was really missing something in my life... as Wrath of the Ninja was a bit too basic, a bit dark and boring. The beauty of Ninja Scroll is it's colour and direction of animation... not to mention the surround sound (English audio). This is followed up by the immense amount of blood and nekkid women. To say the least it's a crowd pleaser.<br />Moving on to the DVD details, the only thing I noticed in comparison to the VHS (which I taped in EP) and the DVD is the detail in the colour blending. Other than that... it's just as good. If you're looking for extras... there's not much there really. There's brief bios for the characters, a trailer (in Japanese) and two commercials for Manga. But if you're a KMFDM fan like I am... you'll take interest in the Manga video commercial with crystal clear audio and video. The only drawback to this package is that it's only presented in full screen and not widescreen. That and the disc art sucks. But other than those... it's worthy of slapping down 20 to 35 bucks. Especially since it's one of the all-time greatest animes and easy to comprehend.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|That list, whatever, would be subjective to be sure. But it would vary wildly from these. I've never heard a Beatle song I didn't like...a least a little. These are like the people's choice awards. The #1's from fans as well as people who didn't know the Beatles from Bacharach but liked good music. It is a very generous CD. When I see 224 reviews before me I realize that probably anything that can be said about &quot;1&quot; has been said.
B000002UAU|5.0|How good is Sgt. Pepper?  Well, let's see.  It contains arguably the best Beatles song (&quot;A Day In The Life&quot;), plus 3 other essential songs (&quot;Lucy in the Sky,&quot; &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot; and &quot;A Little Help From My Friends&quot;).  It contains several good second-tier tunes (&quot;Fixing a Hole,&quot; &quot;When I'm 64,&quot; and &quot;Benefit of Mr. Kite,&quot; which happens to be a favorite of mine).  It contains some (what I would deem) competent filler material, including &quot;Getting Better&quot; and &quot;Lovely Rita Meter Maid.&quot;  Then there is George Harrison's pretentious and unlistenable sitar odyssey, &quot;Within Me Without You&quot; or whatever it's called.  Don't get me wrong, I love Harrison as a songwriter -- &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; are two of the Beatles' top 10 songs, very likely -- but this one is self-indulgent claptrap.  I must admit I never responded to the Eastern-mysticism side of George, and I laughed when, on a radio interview, Ravi Shankar commented that he thought George played the sitar quite badly.<br />The bottom line is that Sgt. Pepper is, musically, quite uneven.  I'm giving it 5 stars anyway because of its colossal importance in rock music, and the presence of the 4 classics.  And the album cover is unquestionably the best one that ever was, ever will be, ever could be.<br />Let's not go too far in bashing the musical content of Sgt. Pepper, though.  There seems to be a fashionable anti-Pepper sentiment among  Beatles fans these days (perhaps it was always there?).  A number of people like to say that &quot;Revolver&quot; or &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; is far better than Pepper, which they dismiss as a bloated, over-produced vanity project that uses now-dated &quot;avant garde&quot; mixing and recording techniques to inflate middling songs beyond their merits.<br />There is some validity to this criticism.  But let's not go nuts.  The fact that there is an anti-Pepper backlashindicates the album must have had a considerable impact in the first place.  But what is that impact?  What distinguished this from the other efforts?  If you want to look at it in a positive sense, you can say that this album showed a new self-awareness by the Beatles, a determination to step up to the pantheon of artists and be judged not as a clever little pop band, but as musicians and composers of the first rank.  Along for the ride came producing techniques that, far from being dated, perfectly crystallized and immortalized the &quot;psychedelic&quot; sound that we associate with the '60s, and introduced an element of antic imagination and structural ambition to a musical form in danger of being entombed in four-bar-blues progressions and verse/chorus/bridge repetitions.<br />From a more cynical standpoint, you could argue that Sgt. Pepper was not, musically, one jot more advanced or interesting than &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; or &quot;Revolver&quot; or even &quot;A Hard Day's Night.&quot;  That the Beatles did not learn self-confidence here, but merely self-promotion.  That this was the ominous moment where style overtook substance as the most important element in pop music.<br />I'm struck by some comments John Lennon made, recorded in the Beatles bio by Hunter Davies.  &quot;We're a con as well.  We know we're conning them, because we know people want to be conned.  They've given us the freedom to con them.  Let's stick that in there, we say, that'll start them puzzling.  I'm sure all artists do, when they realize it's a con... People think the Beatles know what's going on.  We don't.  We're just doing it.  People want to know what the inner meaning of 'Mr. Kite' was.  There wasn't any.  I just did it.  I shoved a lot of words together then shoved some noise on.  I just did it.  I didn't dig that song when I wrote it.  I didn't believe in it when I was doing it.  But nobody will believe it.  They don't want to.  They want it to be important.&quot;<br />There it is, straight from the horse's mouth, the great debunker Lennon himself debunking the so-called greatest album of all time.  (Contrarian that he was, I imagine he'd have said something different if the album had been critically reviled.)<br />But 33 years later, the music is still there and we are still listening to it, for whatever reason.  &quot;Picture yourself in a boat on a river, with tangerine trees, and marmalade skies...&quot;  Love it or hate is, Sgt. Pepper is definitely too big to ignore.
0684853523|5.0|I've just finished reeading Stephen King's On Writing. What an amazing book.  Not only is this a memoir of King's life but a complete, though brief, guide to the whole novel writing process. King discusses character and plot, paragraph development, and basic grammer (to name a few). He gives advice on extra help, (The Elments of style, Strunk &amp; White), and even sample writing to correct, which can be submitted on his website.  It's an exciting, interesting, and quick read, (I finished in three days). You hear King's voice throughout the whole novel as if he were teaching a creative writing class. Not only will Stephen King fans love this book, but aspiring novelists, and writers alike.  I reccomend tis book to any fan of reading or writing.
B00001NFCY|1.0|Creed is the most bland and mundane band I have ever heard. I'm not going to waste anymore time on this review.
6305750750|5.0|If you genuinely don't like this movie, I understand. If you are saying that you don't like it but claim to be a Star Wars fan, I don't buy it. It was fashionable to be 27+ years old and claim to have seen the Trilogy a hundred times but bash this movie in the same breath last summer.  Get over yourself and knock it off. I am a fan.  I like the first installments, and I like this movie too. I have seen this movie a dozen times on the screen and a few times on the TV at home.  True the big screen is the best forum for viewing and DVD would be the ultimate medium for the home viewer, but this is the only option at this time.  I accept this.  I choose not to complain.  When the DVD is released, I will rejoice.  In the meantime I will sit on the couch, pop some popcorn and enjoy the ride.
6305064490|5.0|A beautifully crafted film that proved to be the apex of triple Oscar-winner (1934, 1936, 1938) Frank Capra's distinguished career, and the epitome of his cycle of works celebrating the &quot;common man&quot;.  Mr. Deeds found himself suddenly wealthy, Mr. Smith went to Washington as a Senator, and John Doe became the focus of a socio-political movement; but &quot;Life&quot;'s George Bailey never distinguishes himself outside of his small hometown of Bedford Falls --- his brother Harry is the one who becomes a war hero, and his friend Sam Wainwright is the one who achieves financial success.  George's triumph is simply his personal integrity, his code of ethics, and his strength of character --- his goodness, if you will --- during the unexciting course of his ordinary, mundane existence.  In this respect, George is more an Everyman than any other Capra protagonist, inviting strong audience identification and response.<br />In one of the most exquisite performances ever given in an American film, James Stewart is superb as George.  It's not an easy role to play because so much screen time is spent focusing on George's subtle reactions to the world around him.  One incredible moment  comes at the train station when George slowly begins to absorb the news of his brother's recent marriage and new career opportunity, and how his brother's fortune will destroy his own hopes of leaving Bedford Falls and the family business.  Stewart's face is extraordinary in this scene, as surprised realization fades into quiet disappointment and finally, gentle graciousness and acceptance.  Stewart's tour de force is given strong support by a superb cast of Capra stalwarts, including Lionel Barrymore, Thomas Mitchell, H. B. Warner, and the phenomenal Beulah Bondi (as George's mother).  And Donna Reed, in one of her first romantic leading roles after a number of years playing supporting ingenues and bits, is excellent in the warm but unglamorous role of George's loving wife, Mary.<br />The Republic Home Video DVD is definitely the edition of this classic to own.  Like the LaserDisc before it, the DVD offers a crystal clear, beautifully restored film-to-video transfer  which will amaze and delight anyone who is familiar only with the horrible multi-generational VHS cassettes, or the awful  colorized version, that were commonly screened back in the late 1970's and 1980's.  There are some nice bonus features on the DVD, including a &quot;making of&quot; documentary and the theatrical trailer.  This is one DVD that you'll never regret adding to your home theatre collection!<br />Trivia note:  If you're a fan of this movie, try finding a copy of film historian David Thomson's 1985 novel &quot;Suspects&quot; which  continues George's story and relates the characters from this movie to many others (did you know that Donna Reed's &quot;Mary Bailey&quot; is actually the sister of Gene Tierney's &quot;Laura&quot;?!, etc.) ... great fun!he Republic Home Video DVD is definitely the edition of this classic to own.  Like the LaserDisc before it, the DVD offers a crystal clear, beautifully restored film-to-video transfer  which will amaze and delight anyone who is familiar only with the horrible multi-generational VHS cassettes, or the awful  colorized version, that were commonly screened back in the late 1970's and 1980's.  There are some nice bonus features on the DVD, including a &quot;making of&quot; documentary and the theatrical trailer.  This is one DVD that you'll never regret adding to your home theatre collection!<br />Trivia note:  If you're a fan of this movie, try finding a copy of film historian David Thomson's 1985 novel &quot;Suspects&quot; which  continues George's story and relates the characters from this movie to many others (did you know that Donna Reed's &quot;Mary Bailey&quot; is actually the sister of Gene Tierney's &quot;Laura&quot;?!, etc.) ... great fun!
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens, the second of the series, is hands down the best yet.  I really enjoyed seeing it again on DVD and the extra footage is a positive extra (although I could live w/out the part where they show how Newt 1st got exposed to a face hugger).<br />I highly recommend this DVD, much more than the whole set, since the 3rd and 4th parts just ruined the series.  I would recommend a set that would only include the 1st (Alien) and 2nd (Aliens) ONLY (too bad it doesn't exit).  <br />I found that the extras were very insightful, with the design and creation of the Alien and the rest of the props - gives you a better perspective on what goes into the making of the movie and it literally justifies the budget spent on it.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Unfortunately, the DVD falls a bit short.  While it is one of the better DVD's I've viewed this year (I particularly enjoyed the branching feature,) there was opportunity to achieve so much more here.  Most notably lacking is an audio commentary track.  <br />Of course one need look no further than FOX itself for the reason this DVD (and yes, the film itself) doesn't live up to X-pectations.  Fox put X-Men on the fast-track, essentially axing a full six months of post-production work, so the company could have a big summer film.  The fact that Singer and company were able to put together a film as wondrous as this one is X-traordinary enough.  But what is truly X-asperating is the fact that if it hadn't been so rushed, we would have hade an infinitely more pleasing end product.<br />Well, it would seem FOX did the same thing to us with the DVD version.  They were in such dire need of getting this product on the market in time for ther holidays, they didn't put the love, time and energy into the DVD that it really needed, and that die-hard fans of the source material truly deserved.<br />Don't get me wrong, it's a great film, the transfer is nice (very sharp images,) and there are nice things about this DVD.  But the missed potential here is the real story.
B00004XQ83|4.0|sorry couldnt let this one go man of constant sorrow was not composed soley for this movie at all, as T.W Trotter said. It is a Bob Dylan song written in the 1960's, it has been reworked substantially into a blue grass style song, from a more country-esuq beginning, but the lyrics remain the same other than that, that review was pretty good :)
B00004Z4SD|3.0|The reason I rated this Movie with such a low score had nothing to do with the content or the actual Motion Picture. It is a wonderful story and one of the best Motion Pictures I have ever seen. The reason I gave it just 3 stars was that, for the price, Disney did not put in any extras. There is the &quot;Coming Attractions&quot; and that is all. No biographies of the Actors, No Commentary, Nothing about the Director. For the price, Disney was very cheap. See the Movie and enjoy it. It really is great, but do not expect anything else.
0783240287|5.0|What a find.  As a fan of Joseph for some time, I have held off on purchasing this product until I bought a DVD player.  Finally, I was treated to this amazing production, and was blown away.  Donnie makes the perfect Joseph, and the rest of the cast was equally as energetic and talented.<br />The behind the scenes narrative was informative and entertaining, but I could've done without some of the school-children scenes.<br />Technically, this recording is great, if not near perfect.  Sound is good, but with my Digital sound, some solo vocals with chorus backup were muffled, particularly the Pharoah's numbers.<br />BUY IT!
630018448X|2.0|Let's face it, the character of Apollo, as written, is too stilted and goody-goody to be of much interest to the general public.  This episode doesn't help matters much, placing Apollo (conveniently out of fuel, with no wingmates, tracking, or support vessels) on a planet run by a third-rate slimebag and a malfunctioning Cylon.  Naturally, a somewhat useless female and her son need Apollo to defend them.  This entire episode is basically a vehicle to show what a nice guy Apollo is, a point that needs no further pounding into BG fans' skulls.  &quot;Inept&quot; is the operative word here.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This is a work of staggering beauty.  Anderson has painted a dizzying panorama of the human condition.  The performances are all top-notch, including career-best work from Julianna Moore, Tom Cruise and the late, great Jason Robards.  But amidst the flurry of brilliant acting lies an absolute gem of a screenplay, one of the best-written and most beautifully executed pieces of storytelling this viewer has ever had the good fortune to experience.<br />The DVD version of this film is a real treat, loaded with great extras (on two discs.)  A must for any serious DVD collector.
B00000IAU3|4.0|Dido's pretty interesting. I bought the cd after seeing her vid for &quot;here with me&quot;. It's a great song that almost makes me cry! Her lyrics are brilliant and moving and she's very unique and creative. All the tunes fit nicely together also. Unfortunately, they all sound alike to me! They all seem to have the same meaning and message and all sound pretty much the same. Her voice is also hard to hear and understand although, it's not a complete waste of money buying her album :) Ya won't be disappointed
076790382X|3.0|Bill Bryson is an incredible writer who usually chooses the most interesting subjects.  But I think he missed a little on this one.  The book is a collection of columns he wrote in a newspaper, all of which are about three pages long.  After I read one, I felt as though I had read them all.  Bryson makes observations about his homeland, America, upon returning from living abroad. Some of his observations are funny, some are profound.  A few are both funny and profound, but a lot of it is niether.  His writing is good as always, even if every short piece has a very predictable ending.  However, I think the book sells itself as a collection of cultural observances when it is really several attempts at humor, and a lot of it seemed very contrived as I was reading it.  Generally, the peices that reflect Bryson's well-known research into, for example, American holidays, are the best.  However, Bryson's stories about himself often seem to be canards.  Mother Tongue and A Walk in the Woods are much better reads.
6300184498|4.0|A lot of BG fans pan this episode as a bad takeoff on &quot;The Magnificent Seven&quot; (and to be fair, it is), but it has a special place in my heart.  Most of the BG episodes portray Adama as an ultraserious-but-kindly monolith of a man.  It is nice to bring the character back down to a human level and give him a past that fans can relate to (and speculate about).  In this episode, Adama gets to go planetside, mix it up with the locals, and administer a long-overdue hide-chewing...
0440234743|4.0|Some of Grisham works require a love of the law to really appreciate but this is a down to earth page turner.  It is well written and although a stretch on the plot plausibility, very entertaining, inhabited by real life type characters.  Definately worth reading.
031286504X|5.0|I do have to say that I dont particularly like vampire novels because I tend to find them boring and repetitive of the legends we've all heard before.  However, &quot;I Am Legend&quot; opened my eyes to just how good vampire novels can truly be.  It kept my attention and kept me turning pages.  Two thumbs up from someone who knows!
0380715430|5.0|I bought this book because I study languages and I thought perhaps Bryson would offer some insight into my own language.  He did a lot more than that.  Bryson is a gifted writer and he obviously knows how to research his topic.  He carefully weaves the history of English into idiosyncracies about present-day English, while referencing other languages through the entire book.  You can learn about dialects and creoles, about the origins of many common words, and ponder Bryson's theory about the future of American English, all in the same book.   My mind was constantly filled with anecdotes, most of which are very helpful.  This book is simply fascinating because its topic is something we use and experience every day-- English, our mother tongue.
B000046PVN|5.0|Music touches the soul better than any aural quality in existence.  This much is well known over centuries.  Rarely, however, do we find a musical composition so powerful, so pure, that it reaches the soul, enters the soul, and becomes the soul.<br />So how can one quantify the excellence of a musical composition that does all of that and even more?  One would not think a fictional character as universally known as Superman would do such, but the Alexander/Ilya Salkind motion picture of 1978 does just that with its use of John Williams and the London Symphony at a creative zenith that may never be reached again.  <br />Before 1978 there were three musical sources that best personified Superman - the victory marches of Sammy Timberg for the 1940s Paramount/Fleischer brothers cartoons, Leon Klatzkin's more soaring and celestially triumphant marches used for the 1950s George Reeves television series, and John Marion and Gordon Zahler's brassy, gut-level rocketship theme and episode cues for Filmation's 1960s cartoons.  All three found their influence used by John Williams when he first began sketching out the score for the motion picture in latter 1977.<br />When the soundtrack was first released in 1979, it was a very generous two-LP set that remains strong in its own right, but some 40 minutes of the score were not released until 2000, and it is here that the full brilliance of Williams at his zenith can be appreciated.<br />Williams did several versions of his immortal &quot;Superman Theme,&quot; and seemingly all of them can be found on this two-disc set.  We then proceed into the world of &quot;The Planet Krypton,&quot; then to the haunting tenderness that preceeds the harsh brass that closes out &quot;The Destruction Of Krypton.&quot;  The actual destruction of the planet, however, is covered in &quot;The Star Ship Escapes,&quot; before the tiny craft begins &quot;The Trip To Earth,&quot; a cue whose complex woodwind display remains among the film's many highlights.<br />But it is after &quot;Growing Up&quot; and its sensational racing brass that the score grabs the soul, first with the tragic loss of &quot;The Death Of Jonathan Kent,&quot; then with the greater pain of &quot;Leaving Home,&quot; until the score becomes mysterious and then downright heavenly in the crystal inciness of &quot;The Fortress Of Solitude,&quot; leaving the listener believing he has gone to heaven itself, before returning to earth in the cue's brassy closing thunderclap.<br />With the change to Metropolis, the score's mood relaxes and becomes grittier.  Two standout and previously unreleased cues, one each from &quot;The Big Rescue&quot; and &quot;Super Crime Fighter,&quot; display direct influence from John Marion and Gordon Zahler in their brassy, guttural action, especially in SCF's overlapping brass at the beginning of the car chase scene.<br />Another musical zenith in the film is &quot;The Sonic Greeting&quot; and its tough string arpeggio leading to The Man Of Steel drilling himself underground to Luthor's lair.  &quot;Misguided Missiles and Kryptonite&quot; leave Superman seemingly beaten, before he is rescued by Luthor's mistress and he is &quot;Chasing Rockets&quot; before having to go through an even faster set of &quot;Superfeats.&quot;  <br />The emotional climax of the film comes when &quot;Finding Lois&quot; provides a tragic ending, but Superman refuses to accept loss, and in violation of his father Jor-El's strictest dictum, the enraged Last Son Of Krypton begins &quot;Turning Back The World,&quot; leaving all well, and proceeding to the Finale - a finale that will leave the listener cheering for the greatest movie score ever made.
B000002MX7|5.0|The first time I heard &quot;Chaka khan&quot; sing was being played on a philadelphia radio station (WDAS).  At the that time she was lead vocal for &quot;Rufus&quot;.  At first I've   thought it was &quot;Aretha Franklin&quot;coming out with a new song until the DJ mention the name of group called &quot;Rufus&quot;.  And that the female vocalist was &quot;Chaka Khan&quot;. I've loved the way she sings.  I became very desperate to go out immediately and get that album.  For this matter I would rate &quot;Chaka Khan&quot; as one the top female singer compared to &quot;Aretha Franklin&quot;.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I thought this movie was incredible! I especially thought Russell Crowe (Maximus) and Jaoquin Phoenix (Emperor Commodus) did a spectacular job. I am studying Roman history in college and i thought this movie did a pretty good job of portraying life in the greatest empire of the ancient times. The plot is easy to understand and is nonetheless interesting. The only problem is that the movie is a little slow at getting to the point of the whole &quot;Gladiaor&quot; theme. It is definitely worthy of my five-stars and makes a great addition to anyone's collection of dvd's. The extra dvd with the Bonus materials is worth taking a look at as well...full of good behind the scenes &quot;stuff&quot; and information.
B00000JG41|5.0|Mr. Bungle is one of rocks most underrated bands!! I love these guys! this album is intensly diverse! It has soft moments, hard moments, funky moments, and jazzy moments, but it will keep you amazed and side splitted at all times!! NOTE: To apreciate this band you must have an open mind and enjoy diffrent experiences!! MIKE PATTON IS GOD!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I've pratically shunned out anything except violin music since I play the darned thing...  My Mom wanted this CD for Christmas, so I picked it up, and now I can't stop listening to it!  I can't explain it, these guys were (and still are/would be) talented and innovative music makers.  Man, this stuff is awesome!  I'm 16, and just today I had it jamming in my friend's car!  <br />No one compares to their musical power!<br />Long live the Beatles!
B00004XONN|5.0|I am so sick of the mediocre &amp; diseased state of music these days. Everything is so rehashed and artificial that it is just disgusting.<br />Kid A is breath of fresh air, and anyone who speaks unkindly of this recording is probably a fan of Creed and the like.<br />Thanks to Radiohead for going beyond expectations and making an intensely personal and beautifully strange release . . . when they could've just rested on their laurels and pumped out another alternatrock collection of singles.
B0000026UL|4.0|This record probably deserves five stars, but like the average Dylan listener, I prefer the bitter harshness of Mr. Zimmerman's rambling blues of the 60's to this more relaxed sound.  If anyone besides Bob had made this record, it would've been an easy five.  Still, the production of this album is phenomenal (thanks Danny!) and the Dyl's phrasing is as perfect as ever.  If you're hesitant to listen to Bob for his rough voice (I'm not), you may be pleasantly surprised.  &quot;Most of the Time&quot; and &quot;Shooting Star&quot; are both featured in recent films (High Fidelity and Wonder Boys, respectfully), and are, along with &quot;Ring Them Bells,&quot; among the most moving songs I've ever heard.  Bob retains his classic sound (check out the blues arrangement in &quot;Everything is Broken&quot;) while also giving us a taste of what's to come.
630469878X|5.0|This is one of the best movies of the '90s. On one hand it is a great tragedy but on the other hand a liberating experience (at least for our two heros). <br />The actors are excellent, and the cinematography as well. Some really great shots of the wide open space in the US (something we don't have here in Europe). But what makes this movie a classic for me is the ending. There are not many movies from Hollywood going for the logical and best ending without any compromises.<br />The extras are also ok, showing us an alternative ending (which is not THAT alternative:-) and commentary by Ridley Scott.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I am a hardcore limpbizkit fan but when I first heard Chocolate starfish I thought it was good but I listened to it a few more times and now I think its awesome. I have all three limpbizkit cd's and Chocolate starfish is by far the best yet. When limp bizkit first came out with their cover to George Michael's Faith they had to pay radiostations to play their music . My favorite tracks are hot dog, full nelson and my way. So what can I say if your a fan of the bizkit go out and get this cd you won't be disapointed.
6302759110|5.0|I hated this movie the first time I saw it.  I was tired and didn't feel like listening.  I woke up one night at 2:00 AM and couldn't go back to sleep.  Dracula was just beginning.  I watched it for the second time and was drawn in to every word.  I later watched the movie in mute (with words scrolling across the bottom) because I couldn't understand Dracula's strong Transilvanian accent.  The lines when Dracula is lecturing Keanu Reeves in his castle are brilliant and horrifying.<br />The movie to me has a little bit of everything (terror, sex, fantacy, history, geography, violence, and great dialogue).  It is one of the few movies I've purchased.  I've asked friends who hated this movie the first time to to watch it again and they too think it is a great movie the second or third time around (I rarely watch a movie more than once, but if it gets better, why not?).  I'd definately rather see this as a rental than a theater movie.<br />I also think it was the best &quot;Dracula&quot; history lesson I've seen.  I never knew the entire history of Dracula until I saw this movie, and I've watched all the older Dracula films.<br />Try it again if you didn't like it.  Try it in mute if you don't understand the dialogue the first time (it is fantastic).
0783243499|1.0|I guess I'm publicly exposing myself as not being too clever by criticizing this movie, since some real smart people have praised it so highly.<br />If you don't already know, this piece of &quot;art&quot; is one long series of people being very casually stabbed, chopped, shot, nail-gunned, chain-sawed, and so forthed to death, along with an animal or two. And no, you don't see the ax actually hit the head, but you do see it swing and you see the blood fly and you see the bodies hung up on meat hooks in the closet afterwards.<br />I'm not much into these violent movies myself, but my wife likes somewhat scary ones and rented this thinking it was more of a straight-forward thriller. Some other reviewers interpreted this movie (correctly, I suppose) as being satirical, ironic, or funny, but we sure didn't see it that way. True, the whole thing was filled with an extreme bizarreness, but we did not find ourselves laughing. The only result for me was that &quot;suspension of disbelief&quot; never kicked in and I sat there shocked that anyone would make a film so full of so much stupid pointless violence. Actually I wound up reading a magazine throughout much of it. There wasn't any real story here that I could detect. Maybe If I hadn't been reading a magazine I could have figured out what the heck the ending was supposed to mean. Oh well.<br />I find it very disturbing that people would make such a movie as this and rake in their big bucks without ever stopping to think what might happen if some not-so-stable person watched it and decided to imitate it. Mind you, I'm by no means calling for any sort of government censorship here. In fact, I'm the chair of our local Libertarian Party affiliate and I devote considerable energy to fighting such governmental actions. But I also realize that the other side of the freedom coin is personal responsibility, including on the part of movie-makers. As I will continue to argue myself, those watching this type of movie must be held responsible for their own actions. And almost nobody who watches this one movie will get kicked over to the &quot;dark side&quot; and become a serial killer.<br />Almost nobody. But it's a big world, isn't it?<br />Again, I'm 100% against governmental action to restrict what we can see. But this is my private action. I'm telling you, don't encourage the scum that made this trash by spending your money on it. I wish we could get our money back. And I wish I could give it less than one star.
B000001FFR|5.0|Anthrax,Slayer,Testament,and Iron Maiden all started like this. They sang about war, disase, death, destruction, filth, poverty, crime, torture ,and corruption. My kind of album. Scott Ian and Dan Spitz's finest playing.
0446608955|5.0|I've read &quot;The Notebook&quot; after finding out that the author had also wrote the tearjerking story &quot;Message in a Bottle.&quot;  I loved &quot;The Notebook&quot; also, and that led me to &quot;A Walk to Remember.&quot;  This sweet romantic love story is one of my favorite stories of all time.  Its light comedy made reading enjoyable and its heartwrenching ending left me bauling (which was real fun)! =)   <br />I truly recommend this book!  I couldn't put it down! I can't wait to read &quot;The Rescue&quot; (his new book)!
B00004XONN|2.0|I like the band, and I'm sure I'll check out their future albums.  However, Kid A was just a little too &quot;out there&quot; for me.  Many of the tracks hardly even qualify as songs.  Some are just collections of incoherrent electronic noises and voices.  It's quite a departure from past albums.  Unfortunately, for me, it was an unwelcome departure.  <br />I don't mind it when bands progress, but Radiohead has pushed the envelope a little too far this time.  I'll keep listening to OK Computer until they come out with their next release.  I'd advise all but the most hardcore fans to do the same
B000056BSA|4.0|Taking several pages from the classic &quot;Como Agua Para Chocolate&quot;, director Fina Torres reintroduces us to a fantasy/magical story, filled with the finest cuisine and infectious music, Brasl-style. <br />With some laughs sprinkled about, this light -hearted romp down an all-too familar path is nicely done for a small film. I recommend it for those long rainy afternoons.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This latest release of one of Henson's classics is impressive.  The cover is fabulous, and there's behind-the-scenes footage I hadn't seen before at the end of the movie.  The movie itself is an intricate must-see.  I come up with new questions and theories on it every time I watch--I hope I have to write a paper on it someday, because I have a lot to say!  After I knew all the lines by heart, I started noticing all the amazing little details.  Labyrinth is genius, through-and-through.
B00004XQP4|4.0|Green Day has changed their style. they now have a very mellow beat. their title track is very good along with Minority. there sound is not as sinister as it used to be. it almost sounds &quot;happy&quot;. many people will not like there new style.
B00000JPH4|5.0|This edition of The Dark Crystal has behind-the-scenes footage at the end.  The footage is really amazing, but I'd seen it before in a recording of a TV presentation, and there are some cool parts of that presentation which don't appear in this footage.  The film itself is wonderful, especially considering that it was made when it was.  In all the years I've been watching it, I've never spotted anything that seemed out of place.  Henson, Oz, Froud, and all the other contributors to the movie created a masterpiece when they gave birth to the world of the Dark Crystal.
B000002KLG|4.0|I'm not the biggest fan of smooth jazz, but this is a terrific album. Much of the credit belongs to producer Quincy Jones. He gives the project a polished sheen that ties every song together, but never comes off as sterile. Uptempo cuts (Dinorah, Dinorah) blend seamlessly with ballads (Love Dance). Apart from two instrumentals, Benson doesn't get much solo space. But when he does get to use his guitar chops, it's always in service to the song rather than a mere display of technique (as in the title track). The high quality of the material doesn't hurt. Rod Temperton wrote half the songs, and they are every bit as richly melodic as the ones he gave to Michael Jackson. Even the weakest song (Midnight Love Affair) has a catchy chorus. Purists may be quick to condemn &#34;Give Me The Night&#34; because it isn't a real &#34;jazz&#34; album. It's their loss. Whatever happened to the pure enjoyment of music? Pop this in the CD player, dim the lights, get out the Chardonnay, and cuddle up.
B00004WG28|2.0|After seeing Jodie Foster's dull, unsympathetic, and mostly emotionless performance in '' The Accused'' (which paled even worse in comparison with the acting of the intense assailants), I thought she was a terrible actress. But this film changed my mind. Foster plays Anna, an English woman who's husband dies in battle. She goes with her young son Louis to Siam to teach the King's children. The King, played by Chow Yung-Fat is a seemingly cold, formal man. When he meets Anna, he slowly changes. The only problem I have with this is that he never truly seemed that cruel in the first place. He does seem extremely intimidate by Anna though.With good reason. Anna is a veyr strong, sometimes touching woman- very formal, but fiercly loyal and protective of her son and the people she cares about. An intelligent woman, resourceful and bold: ('' I will respectfully remind you, Your Highness that I am not your servant but your guest''), Foster does a decent job. A painful scene is where the King's young daughter dies, a child whom Anna invested her heart and emotion, and the King stand there trembling, while Anna softly weeps, careful not to be heard by any of the King's men. Anna is a very unusual woman of her time- but a bright and caring one as well. This film realistically conveys the lowly status of women as concubines and the disrespect of them. Daughters were ''offered'' to the King as ''prizes.'' The ending is bittersweet- painful and yet somehow haunting. The beautiful, lavish, breathtaking sets are also something to celebrate- worthy and awe-inspiring. All in all, this film is decently-acted, beautiful to look at, touchign at times, and worth seeing.
B00004YW6I|5.0|I own every single English PJ album and I have heard nearly all of her B-sides - and she is easily the best artist (talent-wise) to emerge through the '90s. Sure, she didn't create a popular genre on her own (Nirvana), but she is amazing nonetheless. I can't say much except that this album is amazing - my favorite track being &quot;Horses in My Dreams.&quot; It is so beautiful. Usually I like the hard-rock songs that you would find on Rid of Me or To Bring You My Love, but this song is incredible. <br />This album ranks slightly below TBYML, Rid of Me, and Dry on the Best of PJ List, but they are all so good that who even cares?!?<br />Grade: A
B00004TS0E|3.0|Having seen the 1947 version of this movie- I must say that it seems to me that the 1947 version set the groundwork for the story, but THESE are the sets of actors meant to play the parts.  The best actor, of course, is Richard Attenborough, the gifted director of ''Gandhi'', and a superb, truly sweet actor. His Santa Claus represents something Edward Gwenn's does not. His Santa Claus is a SYMBOL of faith, a symbol of believing in a magical world of childhood and keeping it alive inside of your heart. His St. Nick project genuine innocence, kindness, and oozes vulnerability. He seems to be the only true figure untouched by the evils and selfishness of the world. Elizabeth Perkins is heart-rending as a cold, formal, non-believing mother. She brings an icy calmness to her cool, almost unlovable Dory Walker. Maureen O'Hara (in th 1947 version) did not project the coldness or the cyncial appearance that Perkins does. When St. Nick explains to her: '' I am not only a person but a symbol. All who cannot believe in me are doomed to a life to cynicism and have no escape from the actual world'', she later stands and cries softly in an elevater. That was a very moving scene. Dory has buried every bit of hurt at the loss of her husband so she can remain strong for her young daughter (a hauntingly sad Mara Wilson). Dylan McDermont is Brian Beddford, a man who is ALMOST perfect in every way- except even he, in a sense is a non-believer. He cannot truly have faith in his friend, nor does he take his friend's claims to be Santa seriously. He is a kind-hearted, but slightly cold adult. The heart of this movie is truly in it's explaination of Santa Claus- so much different from the predictable 1947 version. This movie goes deeper than the previous film (it involves a dollar bill and the words '' In God we Trust''). This film actually ACKNOWLEDGES there is a Santa Claus, the old film simply delivers mail form children stating that THEY believe in Santa. St. Nick here is heavily symbolic of innocence and utter sensitivity- of childhood hopes, and unburied emotions. Also the chemistry between Brian and Dory is tangible. In short: Watch this film if you want a new idea of the true meaning of Christmas, and the true power of believing in Santa Claus.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have recently became a huge fan of Sarah Brightman through &quot;La Luna&quot;. When I had the opportunity to buy this cd, I made no hesitation and quickly snatched up &quot;Eden&quot; to add to my cd collection. This woman is absolutely amazing.<br />As much as I dislike &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;, I love the Italian version of this song as well as Sarah's cover of &quot;Dust in the Wind&quot;. The songs are simply stunning. Her covers are a bit hokey at best and I will admit to laughing to them when I first heard her covers but nevertheless I love the songs (covers and originals).<br />I like how Sarah Brightman melds opera, pop and hints of electronica in her music and that is what makes her different among other female artists. She is a departure from the artists I listen to like PJ Harvey and Poe. I love her sense of overdramatic she brings to her songs although some people don't appreciate it but I can. Sarah Brightman is a true original for me.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The beatles by no doubt are the best band in the world, always are and always will be. The music has been released countless of numbers of time after they broke up and how long will they keep on releasing the same music. also, I personally being a huge fan do not plan on buying this record for a few reason. 1. I already have this music. 2. Its only the #1 hits by the beatles and who is to say that the #1 singles are the greatest songs. #3 if your a truly devot fan like me you understand that the songs are put into the specific spots  and order on the albums for a reason and I dont like it when Im excpecting to hear the next track after that one but i hear something totally different.   In the albums defense it is clear that the sound qulaity is better than the other albums. My last point that I will make is that, if you are a true beatles fan like me dont bother buying this but if youa re just getting into the beatles and are not familiar with a lot of the albums and music get this and see for yourself how good this band is. If you like it then proced to buy the beatles ture great albums such as Abbey Road, Sgt. Pepper and Revolver.
B00004Y6RO|1.0|Slipknot equals Gwar with twice the members and half the talent. Save your money. This band is derivative, and wholly unoriginal. Spend your money on something worthwile, like Pailhead or Darkest of the Hillside Thickets
B000051VWW|1.0|I know I'm the odd one out but I'm comparing this to 'Diamond Life' which if you don't know Sade, you should buy first. She'll never do better than those wonderful songs from our youth but then again, how could she. She's grown old too...
B00000JGHM|5.0|Actually based on an NBC TV Movie, &quot;L.A. Takedown&quot;, Michael Mann revived the original script, tweaked it here an there and recruited an all star cast. The film is the pinnacle of Mann's modern crime drama sagas (Manhunter, Miami Vice, Band of the Hand). It truly is an epic. The performances are first rate by everyone in the cast. The cinematography is pure Mann, stylish and intense. Mann is the ultimate purveyor of modern-noir. The soundtrack fits well as Mann has a reputation for employing the best cutting edge artists going back to his Miami Vice days. The sdtrk. contains works by Moby, Kronos Quartet, Ultramarine and Brian Eno. The film revolves around a group of state of the art robbers who are tracked by an equally brilliant detective. The plot provides the backdrop for the character studies in the movie which revolve around not just one or two actors but an entire ensemble cast. This is a hard thing to pull off even in a 3 hour long movie. Mann does a fantastic job of making L.A. look both modern high tech and gothic at the same time. All the elements of Mann's previous works are here. Stylish, moody, intense. A visual and sonic treat, the anti-climatic bank robbery scene is sure to go down in history as one of the most intense action sequences ever filmed. Better than even DePalma's train station scene in The Untouchables. How this film was overlooked at the Oscars is beyond me. I guess the anti-capital punishment themes of Dead Man Walking were more important to Hollywood's left wing leanings. None the less, Heat should be remembered as the stand out film of 1995. It is the classic crime film of the 90's.
B00003CXE6|5.0|Too often Hollywood presents charachters that we don't get to understand and if we do we wish that we didn't. While the last Gladiator spectacle (Spartacus)was released some forty years ago both movies share development of charachters that interest us and make us want to know more.<br />Most of the roles in Gladiator are interesting and in every case we want to know more about these people. The Director allows us to learn the good and bad of people. It is easy to like Crowe's charachter as he stands for most of what we would like to think is right with people: noble, honest, loyal, etc.<br />The characterization of Phoenix in the Commodus role is powerful as while he is clearly not a good person we can feel his pain and his need to be accepted by both his Father and his People. That he turns to such violence when he does not receive that love and approval makes and the manner of the performance by Phoenix all the more special. It is always easy to hate a &quot;bad guy&quot; but the depth of the emotions generated by him makes us pity him as we might a wounded animal.<br />A superb movie at all levels which really breaks new ground in the epic genre. A special salute to Hans Zimmer for one of the most exciting and thought provoking musical scores in years. Also to Oliver Reed in his final role. This movie is destined to become a classic and should do quite well at the Golden Globes and Oscars in 2001.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I bought this album after hearing Natural Blues on the radio, and then hearing bits and pieces of other songs in various places, such as commercials. This is one of the most brilliant albums I have ever heard. What people don't realize is that this is NOT a techno album. While he may be notorious for previous CDs that were, this is not something that is the same thing over and over and over for ten minutes. Each song is beautifully put together, some with more emotion than others, but all very very good. True, there are some songs that are just little songs of him playing the guitar (Guitar, Flute &amp; String) and humming along, but you can tell that he made this album from his heart. After reading the insert and gaining knowledge about who this man is, I was really able to appreciate him more as a person than just somebody mixing songs and putting an album together. If you don't like bluesy, soulful music, it's not for you. If you like beautiful rhythms and catchy beats, it is DEFINITELY for you. It's worthy every penny!
B000001Y42|5.0|First i listened the 'significant...'band,and i think it was amazing.And then i bought this!if you ask me 'do yo like?'i say FANTASTIC!It is the best band of Limp bizkit and the best debut i think.I dont like the 'chocolate...' because it is mostly RAP. tthis album is more HARDCORE.A must have CD.You must try to (hed)pe debut too!
B0000507PC|5.0|As you may have surmised, I was surprised by this film.  Note the term film, one that I reserve for true works of cinematic art.  I was surprised when I found myself enjoying this film due to the subject matter, which is abortion.  I imagine that I am what most people would consider extremely pro-life, however, this film did not offend my sensibilities at all.  The subject matter was, in my opinion, handled very tactfully.  It did not change my views, but then, it was not meant to.  To say that this film is a pro-abortion movie is to say that Apocalypse Now was anti-Vietnam.  While both statements are true, the focus of the movies lies elsewhere.  At its core The Cider House Rules is a masterfully crafted love story and coming-of-age drama.  It is magnificentally photographed, well-acted, and superbly transfered to the big screen by John Irving from his novel. Special kudos to Micheal Caine and Lasse Hallstrom!
6305922756|5.0|...Spinal Tap is legendary -- a masterpiece. But for the missing scenes included in this DVD, I would have paid three times the price!
0375703764|3.0|This was one of the most confusing and yet consuming novels I have ever read.  Written almost documentarily, like the Blair Witch Project, it is also abstract, much like an Andy Warhol creation.  I understand it took about 10 years to write and I can believe it for once Danielewski got up from the word processor, he probably had to re-read about 10 pages to remind him just where he was in this maze of an epic.  The story, for those who don't know it already, involves a old blind man, a tattoo shop employee, and a mad woman who narrate a story within a story about a house whose dimensions on the outside don't quite match the dimensions on the inside.  If anyone has read &quot;The House&quot; by Bentley Little, it is reminiscent of that novel with its shifting series of hallways and labyrinths that require adventurers to string lights and use cables like mountain climbers to keep in touch with each other.  The family that owns the home will find an unspeakable horror at the end of all of these hallways.<br />The story is actually pieced together from differing accounts by the main characters.  At first blush, one could be intimidated by the sheer size of the book (over 700 pages).  But then, as one flips through it, one may say, &quot;I can read this over the weekend&quot; because many of the pages have only one word on them. (Some of the pages have words backwards and upside down - but that is all part of the journey).  Don't be fooled by the sparcity of words on some of the pages because, more often than not, the story isn't so much told in the narrative as it is in the footnotes.  And there's the rub, as Shakespeare would say.<br />And after you finish the 700+ pages?  You may want to read it again because like the house it describes, you may not see the same things a second time.
0452281881|5.0|I got this book for Christmas and had finished it on Boxing Day such was the lure to find out how things went on the Coke pitch.<br />Beaumont was quite brave to tell a story only through emails, however he quite superbly pulls it off. <br />The personalities exist, perhaps to a lesser degree in every office.<br />I would recommend this book to anyone who has ever worked in an office and sent an email.
B00004T37H|5.0|I just rented this movie last night but think its totally awesome. I had read about it online and was curious, so when I saw it in the store I just had to rent it. And I was glad I did. You really get sucked into the charaters' world and feel their emotions. I wasn't sure who to hate because each character had their good and bad points. Although I would like the whole world to see this movie I do not recomend it for kids under 10 for fear that parents will go nuts of the, lets call it &quot;choice of words&quot; and violence. Although I see nothing wrong with letting kids of all age seeing a great movie like &quot;Princess Mononoke&quot; some do not agree. Oh well. Enjoy!
B000006045|5.0|(A long review but I feel that I should share my story)<br />I dont believe most of the critics, because they have different musical tastes than i do, but TRUST ME ON THIS ONE.<br />I own 400 cds and this is by far, THE BEST OF ALL OF THEM. Mezzanine is the perfect CD.  I consider this album to be in the company of Blood on the Tracks, Dark side of the Moon, Rumours, Cypress Hill's first one, PE's Nation of Millions, and Ten as the greatest Cds of their respective times. <br />Mezzanine flows perfectly from one song to the next. [Many people have stated to me how much they like thisalbum].  <br />When I first purchased this CD, i planned on doing homework. Normally, when I listen to CDs for the first time, I sample an excerpt of each song to get a feel for it.  However when I started listening to Mezzanine, I could not bring it upon myself to skip to the next song.  I was sucked in by it.  Nor could I concentrate on my studies, because I was mezmerized by the beauty and originality of the album.  (I am a decent student, so I usually dont have a problem studying).  Needless to say, I sat for 5 hours and listened to the Cd over and over again.  <br />The following night, I lent the CD to a friend so I could actually study.  However the following day, HE WOULD NOT GIVE IT BACK, because he was hooked.  I told him to keep it and bought myself another copy.     <br />No matter what type of music you like, I recommend this CD. I cannot listen to certain songs.  When listening to Mezzanine, like Dark side of the moon, I like to set aside an hour or so, to listen to it in its entirety.  <br />I strongly suggest listening to this CD with headphones to get its full effect.
B000006TRV|5.0|This is the stuff that makes me wonder if god really is there because music like this is consumate. Pink floyd are deities and this album is proof of their brilliance. I am 18 - Brilliant music doesn't die.
B000005H4I|5.0|Gordon is at his muscular, swinging best with this 1963 release. He takes on a set of well-known tunes, but infuses each with a fresh sound that leaves no doubt as to both his technical control and his ability to fashion eloquent improvisational statements.<br />&quot;Our Man in Paris&quot; also features Gordon playing with a superb supporting cast, including the mercurial Bud Powell on piano, the great Kenny Clarke on drums and the fine bassist Pierre Michelot. The four move seamlessly through such standards as &quot;Willow Weep for Me,&quot; &quot;Stairway to the Stars,&quot; and &quot;Our Love Is Here to Stay.&quot; Gordon's blend of power and lyricism is best displayed on &quot;Stairway to the Stars.&quot; On this lovely tune, you can hear Gordon warming to his theme, expanding on each idea, exploring the contours of the melody. In his ability to explore ballads, Dexter's playing rivaled that of Coltrane's.<br />The CD also includes a wonderful version of &quot;Like Someone in Love,&quot; with Gordon laying out and Powell leading the remaining trio. Bud's opening statement of the theme is one of the loveliest solo intros I have heard on record. After Clarke and Michelot join him, he embarks on a stimulating romp through the tune's changes before exiting by recapitulating his solo statement. It's a great addition to the CD, and offers a completely satisfying end to the set.<br />I put Dexter on the short list of great modernists who transformed jazz during the '60s. &quot;Our Man in Paris&quot; reveals his original sound and his mastery of the standard repertoire of jazz. Recommended for anyone interested in adding to his collection or in exploring the foundations of modern jazz.
0812551508|5.0|This book was extremely difficult and hard to read-then I got past the first 5 pages. It was so interesting and really touching. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone and everyone! It really makes you think and it has a little bit of everything in it! I learned alot too. The only down side is that it was soo depressing! It really was! I would definitely recommend this book and don't be afraid to read this if you think it's too difficult, I'm 13!
B000001ESF|4.0|2112 remains my favorite Rush album 20 odd years after my first listen.  Perhaps the youthful exuberance of the title epic is what pulled me in, or was it the supreme musicianship exhibited throughout?  I still find myself screaming out &quot;we are the priests of the Temples of Syrinx!&quot; whenever I want to stretch my rock chops vocally, and my air guitar never gets better than when it attacks this CD.<br />Rush grew up (and Neil eventually departed, at least slightly, from his Ayn Rand adulation) to record some terrific art-rock, but never surpassed &quot;2112&quot; IMHO.
B00000ILGL|5.0|This is archetypical electrodisco from the European school as represented by Giorgio, Munich Machine and Cerrone: hypnotic, mesmerising beats creating a magical vibe as the tracks segue seamlessly into each other. The best ones are the title track and its reprise, First Hand Experience ... and I'm Left, You're Right, She's Gone - prime examples of early trance music. Just shows you wat can be achieved by synthesizers, a drum machine and disembodied voices - all blended together with expertise to create not only a dancefloor killer but also an addictive listening experience.
0201633612|3.0|i think this was the first formal book on software patterns. It's certainly the most popular - every senior object guy i know has this. It has some good material in it, and if you haven't at least memorized the names of the patterns in this book, you might get left out of a few conversations<br />The one criticism i have is that the authors are clearly not professional writers or teachers. This book is BORING. Really, really boring. It's still a good thing to own, but you ain't gonna read this cover to cover in one sitting and, many times, you'll probably have to steel up your will and tell yourself it's good for you before you crack open the book. It's a good book, but it was written by professional programmers and it shows<br />Of course, i don't know anyone who took the concepts in this book and wrote something easier to read, so you probably should buy this one
B000050XEI|3.0|Enya is one of my favorite artists, but I have to tell that her music is almost the same in every cd that is release.  This one in particular is kind of boring, you may want something new and you will be disapointed.  The only song I really enjoy was Silver Inches.
B00004X01U|3.0|The hardest part of getting to the point where I could enjoy this above avg.c.d. was,for me,the great video for &quot;Music&quot;.The video was not only the perfect satire of the modern era hip-hop video,but also a great send-up on Madonna's own image.I can only believe that she intentionally'aged' herself for this hilarious look at the youth obcessed music industry.   I laugh every time I see her mimicking today's styles dressed and looking more like Gloria Swanson then Lil Kim.The partying grandma act is a scream.I've always admired Madonna's gonads,and the fact that she would have the strength to go the distance.And here is no exception.    But here is where the faux-pas enters my brain.It's too hard for me to stay in the cd's groove when every time I hear it,I imagine parting grandma carressing the young stripper's leg.It just cracks me up too much.     Damn that 'great' video anyways.
B000002H70|5.0|For starters, I think the title says it all. The Cure successfully manages to wrap melancholy and falling apart in a beautiful package. Their music accompanied by Rob Smith's voice is so wonderful and moving that I almost feel like crying whenever I listen to them. I don't I could ever get sick of this or any of their other albums. It's a shame they won't be putting out anything else.
078322608X|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen, while sober.  I was taking a dump when I first turned it on, and I was so mesmerized by the great acting that by the end my bottom was sore cause I absolutely couldn't get up.  It reminds me of the time that I got hammered and made a little boy curse at his brother, and got him in trouble because the other little boy told his mom.  It was cool though cause the little boy probably did something the deserve the beating anyway, kids are such annoyances.  That's why mine stay locked up in the cellar.  But they better not touch my wine, or else...
B000053VAF|5.0|I've been looking through the reviews for the past half an hour reading all the bad ones I could find so I could find out why people though Dogma was bad.  Most of them give no reason, simply saying &quot;this sucks, don't buy it.&quot;  Others are saying that the plot is implausible.  Be more specific people.  The plot hinges on Christian mythology, it's not supposed to be a real story.  If you can't watch a movie without suspending your disbelief, this isn't for you.<br />Since it has to do with Christianity, you do need to know a little about it beforehand.  I've been in a church maybe twelve times in my life and sat through services even fewer times.  My parents did nothing to raise me Christian or Jewish, in any denomination, and I understood this movie juts fine.  Dogma explains things beautifully.<br />If you're hung up on the language, look past it.  Smith doesn't necessarily write what Jason Mewes (aka Jay) says.  Mewes is like Jay in real life, and swears profusely.  It's only a word, if your delicate ears can't handle swears, don't watch the movie.<br />The movie has a disclaimer at the beginning saying that it's satire, which it is.  I haven't seen a review that says Dogma is blasphemy, but just in case: Kevin Smith is Catholic.  A devout one.  In every one of his movies, at the end of the credits, he lists a bunch of people he thanks.  God is always on the list.  Smith just has a sense of humor in seeing his religion.<br />The movie's trying to say something, and gets wordy in the process.  If you're too slow to read a thousand page book, don't watch the movie for anything but the jokes.<br />This movie reminds me that not all people are jerks about their religion.  Normally if you poke fun at something even remotely related to their beliefs, they fly off the handle.  Dogma shows an amazing flexibility in attitude and style.  Kevin Smith's next movie will be something he (hopefully) won't get death threats for, much more lighthearted like Mallrats.  Itwill also be the last in the Jersey chronicles.  Kevin Smith is one of the greatest filmmakers of our time, and I look forward to more of his movies.
B000002H33|5.0|This CD is my favorite. It features the final recorded of music of Cliff Burton, the bass player who died in a tour bus accident a few months later. He is amazing and this is his legacy
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|After watching this movie, I am surprised that it made any money in the theaters.  It had a few funny parts but unless you are totally into horror movies or spoofs, I would not waste time or money on it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This CD is the best. Instead of Metallica making a greatest hits CD they added an orchestra and unlike others made it sound amazing. A must for the Metallica fan
B00003CWL6|4.0|I tried to see this movie on both my Apple G4 DVD-ROM drive as well as my Toshiba SD1200 DVD player, but both had extreme problems with the dual-layer encoding. They just wouldn't play regardless of what audio option I chose. Could simply be a defective disc, however.<br />Fortunately, I was able to see the 2nd half of the movie on HBO when it started showing a few weeks ago. A fantastic movie, but beware of potential DVD-player related problems.
B000002H2H|5.0|This CD discusses real issues- Nucleur War (Fight Fire with Fire) and Electric Chairs (Ride the Ligtning) but it is good music and unlike Pop it is serious and written by the band, not some writer. Highly recommended metal for the headbanger.
B00004Y2QT|4.0|I bought this title for my girlfriend, who is a big Prince fan. I however, was totally impressed with both the video quality, extra features, and DTS capability. <br />Few normal audio CDs offer the same quality of DTS surround sound and low-frequency bass levels as this DVD, and because it's Prince playing only his biggest hits (coupled with Lenny Kravitz and the old Purple Rain-style Morris Day and The Time as cameo appearences) makes this a great concert DVD. Even if you don't watch the excellent quality video and just turn off the TV and listen, it's a fantastic audio experience. Almost 2 hours in length, Prince continually rocks and jams the whole way through.
0399146253|4.0|Having gone through the devistation that happens when losing someone you love, I am relieved that Patricia Cromwell didn't gloss over Kay's loss, as she has in the past.  All the characters in Kay Scarpetta's life touch her and deserve to be mourned when they pass over.  Through her grief, Kay, not only becomes more human, but now has the chance to move forward in her emotional life.<br />I found the parts about the Loup-Garou to be a bit dissatisfying.  It would be interesting to know about his life story more as a human being than as the monster we think of him to be.  However, that would probably be another book.  <br />The twists and turns were not as clearly defined and easy to follow on a first reading and could have been paced a little slower.<br />All in all, I found this to be an excellent book that allowed the reader to feel everything that Kay is feeling.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|If your the sort who loves good raunchy fun and craves the sort of things that others flinch at, then this is perfect for you. Just don't see this movie if you're even moderately offendable. This parody makes a mockery of retarded people, shows genitalia of all sorts openly, gives you a glimpse of all sorts of bodily fluid, features vulgar dialogue... you get the picture. What this adds up to ( at least for me, anyway) is good, clean fun. This is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen. Scary Movie is basically one giant spoof of such flicks as Scream, I Know What you Did Last Summer, etc. My DVD version has been trouble free, as well. I know some others have experienced trouble with their copy. At any rate, purchase this movie, pop it in, and be prepared to laugh ( if you're not barfing)...
B000000WJZ|5.0|All I want to say is that this is one of the definative rock albums of the 90's, and that the Pumpkins and Alice in Chains will be looked back upon as the best rock acts of the 90's.  Two words sum up this album: &quot;Soma&quot; and &quot;Mayonaise&quot;
B000008DA5|3.0|Dear Evree Won,<br />SMILEY SMILE: I only give it a 3 rating because I've heard what would have been SMiLE and the lack of Brian Wilson's genious on this album knocks it down a notch. Don't get me wrong, this is a very good album. I think it's their second best (PET SOUNDS being their best) but if Brian Wilson had the chance to make his masterpiece as intended it would have blown PET SOUNDS out of the water. (Tracks that would have been on SMiLE: &quot;Heroes And Villains&quot;, &quot;Vegetables&quot; (aka &quot;Vega-Tables&quot;), &quot;Wind Chimes&quot;, and &quot;Wonderful&quot;. Other SMiLE tracks you should listen to: &quot;Do You Like Worms&quot;, &quot;The Old Master Painter&quot;, &quot;Child Is Father Of The Man&quot;, &quot;Barnyard (aka &quot;Earth&quot;), &quot;Mrs. O'Leary's Cow&quot; (aka &quot;Fire&quot;), &quot;Love To Say Da-Da&quot; (aka &quot;Water&quot;), &quot;Cabin Essence&quot;, &quot;Surf's Up&quot; and &quot;Prayer&quot; (aka &quot;Our Prayer&quot;).<br />WILD HONEY: A nice album to listen to but nothing genious about it. It does have some great emotional moments as all Beach Boy album's do.<br />The least you could do is smile, PaulQ
B00004T9UF|4.0|It might not be your style; rap, but even if you like rap or not.. you have to admit that eminem's lyrics are extremely good!<br />For Example: the lyrics of Stan and Kim, eminem succeeds to put a story in his records.. its rap with emotion.<br />Im not very impressed by the overall album, but the lyrics in some songs (particular: The way I am, Stan and Kim) are so good that I want to rate this CD 4 stars
B00004ZAV3|1.0|The conceit of this compilation is that #1 status can be decided by sales charts alone without any regard as to what stands the test of time as favorites among fans. In this album, second-rate Beatles tunes abound which, in their day, rose to #1 mainly because we were to stupid to care, as long as it was the Beatles. The better songs went over the heads of the fans at the time and had no chance to outstrip the more radio-friendly, accessible lollipops. The Beatles were arguably the only band successfully to straddle the worlds of bubblegum and progressive rock, largely due to McCartney and Lennon embodying these polarities respectively in their musical statements.<br />There is no doubt that the Beatles were the most successful bubblegum act of all time; less known is that they were also the foremost pioneers of progressive music. This album celebrates their most trivial achievements  to such an extent as to bury anew their most formidable contributions to rock.
B000006MS3|4.0|It was always going to be difficult for Kate to follow her glorious third album, 'Never for Ever', which contained some beautiful singles.  'The Dreaming' proved a disappointment for everyone expecting a repeat performance.  There were no particularly catchy tracks, and no obvious singles.  For a couple of the tracks she assumed an Essex-girl accent, an Ali-G lilt full of glottal stops, which destroyed the image of beauty that her first three albums and accompanying videos had painstakingly built up.<br />Here too, she discovered the Fairlight CMI keyboard (played here by herself and Yes's Geoff Downes) and produced a few boxy effects.  The Synclavier is also in attendance, played by Greenslade's Dave Lawson.  There's a pair of excellent bassists: Eberhard Weber and Danny Thompson.  And there's a wacky selection of musicians on 'The Dreaming', including Rolf Harris and Percy Edwards (who should mean nothing to the discerning American).<br />But this is a wonderful theatrical and visual album, recalling 10cc's 'Original Soundtrack' at times.  It is such a shame that she never wrote a long piece for the theatre.  Still, with a very distant cousin about to take over the White House, maybe she can be persuaded out of retirement!
B00004THAY|3.0|They are both great and they are recognized masters by almost all blues fans. Why did they put out a blues-rock album? I dont mind if Clapton puts out an album with rock songs like Marry you, riding w the king, I wanna be, but why have BB in there too? This album could have been a lot better if they had deleted those rock songs and add more BLUES. Still, its highly recommended for anyone who wants a taste of the blues in their collection, but if you have follow these guys careers in the blues, you are left wanting something more out of this album
B000006MS3|5.0|Kate is one of the most talented musicians on this earth. The Dreaming was underrated when it was first released, but I think that has to do with the fact that it was way ahead of its time. This is a superb album, tracks like Sat in Your Lap, Suspended in Gaffa, Leave It Open, Night of The Swallow, Houdini, and Get Out of My House proving this point. There's lots of anger on this album, as Kate put it herself many years ago, and it is her &quot;darkest&quot; effort to date, but it's pure brilliance! Buy it and be convinced.....
B000002H92|5.0|Dont buy the album absolutely free, its all in here, plus some very good tracks from some other deleted vynil albums. Now, this is what a live show is all about. You get unique performances that are NOT like the studio albums. Jim plays with them, talks to the audience, builds a unique climax by taking a song to a growing tension that have you at the edge of your seat. Jim lived drunk most of his life, but on this recordings he is still capable of giving a performance, and what a show! That first cd ( the absloutely live album)is one of the best live recordings of the 60's. Impossible to understand the Doors and Morrison without this cd.
B000001IPL|5.0|Definately one of the top three cd's of the 90's. behind only Nirvana's Nevermind and Metallica's black album. samsh delivers such hits as self esteem, bad habbit, and come out and play. even those three along with smash stand out as the best on the album, the rest of the album is still better then the best songs on some other albums. offspring delivers a album that apeases both hardcore punk fans and more pop/rock fans with catchy beats and apealing lyrics. This is a must-get cd.
B00004W50T|5.0|Allow me to preface this review by saying that I'm not any sort of Band scholar, more of just a casual patron of the arts...but hot damn, is this one hell of a CD. In my vast collection of albums, I can't think of one that boasts instrumentation as innovative as &quot;Big Pink.&quot; Each song's a symphony in itself, seemingly composed by a roots-rock Phil Spector or something.  There's not a single bad song on here, although they're all very different; if you're only familiar with the acoustic sound featured on &quot;The Weight,&quot; you may be surprised to hear the lush organs, synths and strings on all of the other tracks. Believe me though, it works perfectly. The scope of this album is so vast that you wouldn't believe it was possible to achieve, but The Band really pulls it off.  Truly, The Band is the superlative example of a band, where each member contributed equally to the group effort. This reissue is so clutch, too: the sound is great, and the bonus tracks add what is essentially a companion album to the original tracks.  Whomever was in charge of compiling the tracks really knew his stuff.  Kudos for including &quot;Ferdinand the Imposter,&quot; a terribly recorded favorite from &quot;The Genuine Basement Tapes,&quot; because it is such a damn fine song.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have heard, and own, all of Eithne's music and find A Day without Rain a welcome addition.  It isn't the best album she's released because, to me, they all rank equal (except maybe The Celts which is a bit lower).  My two favorites from this one are the lively Wild Child and the flowing Flora's Secret.  FS is a really fun piece to play on the piano, too, along with One by One.  I would hardly call this album unoriginal.  Same style, yes, but Eithne has a wonderful way of evoking a certain emotion that is unsurpassed and she continues to live up to my expectations.  This album is the only album I have ever bought without knowing anything about the tracks it contains, and I would only do so with Eithne.  I'm sorry that there are avid fans who feel let down, but I for one would be upset if she were to change her current course.  I would though, being half-Scot, like to hear a little more bagpipes in her music. :)<br />I would hope that no one misses this album because of others' reviews.
B000002AV5|5.0|Sade collects the best of her work from 1984-1993 in this 1994 released album. Those 10 years have been truly remarkable...from her first hits: &quot;Smooth Operator,&quot; &quot;Hang on to your love,&quot; and &quot;Your love is king&quot; to the sleek &quot;The Sweetest Taboo&quot; and &quot;No Ordinary Love.&quot;  Sade has a special talent in singing no one else in the business has; she sings about love from her soul.  Now, 8 years after her last studio album was released, she also has released &quot;Lovers Rock,&quot; which, I think, is her best album to date. They are the most deeply personal songs I've heard from her and well worth a listen to. However, if you want what Sade is famous for, this compilation is what you're looking for.
6305127689|5.0|This is another one of my favorites which I decided to get on dvd after watching my taped version off tv for years. The dvd looks great and sounds great as well. If anything they could of had more extras, but with the movie being as old as it was it could have been tough to come up with any supplimental materials. None the less this is one great movie, with some absolutly amazing aerial photography, which hasn't been matched since.
B00004XQ83|5.0|This is the roots of bluegrass, gospel and country music. The arrrangement of &quot;I am a man of constant sorrow&quot; is unlike any I have ever heard. Dan Tyminski is from my county and I&quot;ve had the pleasure of meeting him before. He's a great guy and an awesome musical talent!
630516889X|5.0|This is one of those films that made Arnold Schwarzenegger the superstar he is today. Predator is an excellent sci-fi action film. Tons of bangs and explosions and guns a blazing. This a great movie to watch on those days that you are really bored. I think the real star of this movie is the predator itself. It has been depicted in numerous comics and games since the movie was released. A very original and creative character. This a very entertaining movie, and a great one to own. My only complaint about the dvd is the lack of extras. Unfortunatly this was released in the early days of dvd, when that sort of thing wasn't important. None the less, I really like this disc.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|Did &quot;Scream&quot; have a plot? NO!  Did &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot; make any sense?  DON'T THINK SO! Combine both movies with other bits and pieces from &quot;Blair Witch&quot;, &quot;Sixth Sense&quot;, &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; and even the Budwiser commercial and you get the comedy hit &quot;Scary Movie&quot;. I don't need to go over the plot, because there isn't one, and I'm sure you've already seen &quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;I Know...&quot;. You don't really need to see the two to watch this one, but I'm sure it makes it 10 times funnier.<br />The movie opens up with Carmen Electra playing Drew (the Drew Barrymore part in &quot;Scream&quot;, get it?). Drew answers the phone and starts having a small conversation with GhostFace. There was a small &quot;Squeek&quot; and GhostFace asks Drew what that noise was? She answers, &quot;Whoops! I farted.&quot;. You can imagine the rest from there. The movie also stars the HOT Shannon Elizabeth, Shawn Wayans and Marlon Wayans. <br />I haven't laughed so much from a movie in a long time! There were some GENETALIA parts in the movie which caught me by surprise. The DVD edition is pretty cool, because it shows some deleted scenes that are pretty funny. It also shows an alternate ending. It's been a long time since Keenen Ivory Wayans directed a film, so it was a joy to see him direct this one (please see &quot;I'm Gonna Get You Sucka!&quot; if you haven't already!) The first time I saw Scary Movie was at the movie theater, and I couln't wait to get it own DVD. Instead of buying it when it came out, I got it as a Christmas gift exchange for free, thanks to Chad :)
B00004WG28|5.0|Anna and the King was my favorite movie of the year.  The scenery of Thailand was truly majestic and was the highlight of the movie for me.  I felt like I was in another world.  In addition, Jodie Foster is a great actress, and the story was fresh and interesting.  If you want to buy a movie, you can't do much better than this.
B000050XEI|3.0|When it comes to an artist, you never know wheather you'll be surprised or disappointed by a new work they've produced. Sometimes it may even be both.<br />With Enya, it's important to remember that she is the voice, and Roma and Nicky Ryan are the other two creative forces behind her. She is not the sole creator of her work. However, they are all creative artists.<br />This latest album by Enya seems to follow the same formula as her previous two full albums. The second track is a perky vocal piece, the third is in Latin, and the last track is a longer vocal piece that's well... louder. I guess this is a case of &quot;if it ain't broke, don't fix it.&quot;<br />At first I was disappointed by this latest work. It followed the same formula and sounded almost identical to The Memory of Trees and Shepherd Moons. However, once I listened more closely I found the differences and decided that in fact, I did like this album. I still say The Memory of Trees has been her best work, and The Celts was her most original. <br />If you're a fan of Enya, then by all means get this album. It has its own unique flavor and color (as all the albums do), but remains quintessentially Enya all the same.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|as a lover of action movies, I tend to give them the benefit of the doubt. This movie doesn't even deserve one star. Ms Jolie looks embarassed too - well SHE OUGHT TO BE -THIS MOVIE IS PATHETIC.<br />The basic plot is just senseless - it has virtually no credibilty right from the start - this ex-car thief comes out of retirement, and recruits a small army to steal 50 cars to &quot;save&quot; his (lowlife) brother. Would have helped if they kept the brother as a hostage (perhaps right in the car crusher) during the movie, at least it would have had some more credibility.<br />DVD extras are not worth a &quot;nickel&quot;. Inside joke for those that view the movie -which has all sorts of &quot;hip&quot; criminal and prison terms.<br />Movie appears directed at 6 to 12 yr old demographics, and probably has done well with that group. Probably could be developed into a Saturday morning cartoon series of some type
6305609721|5.0|This is the Star Trek for those who normally do NOT like Star Trek.  I know of so many people who have enjoyed this movie even though they either dislike Trek altogether or find it just mildly entertaining.  WHY??  I would have to say that very little of this movie actually takes place IN SPACE.  Our heroes of the future head back in time for a trip to save the Universe (yet again) from a probe that is headed to earth to talk to humpback whales.  Now when I first heard about the whale portion of the story, I could HARDLY imagine why it was so popular.  C'Mon!  WHALES??  But believe-it-or-not, the storyline WORKS, and well, too.<br />Time travel.  Star Trek fans are familiar with this...it HAS been done before--but few better than this.  Trek IV picks up immediately after Trek III leaves off (which is appropriate) with Spock re-training himself after just having been resurrected from his untimely demise on the Genesis Planet in Trek II (are you following this).  Uh, oh!  The Planet Earth is under attack, but by what??  Nobody seems to know, or figure outl--except until Spock in short order does what nobody else on Earth apparently COULD do: Solved the problem.  The alien probe is looking for humpback whales, which unfortunately have been extinct for a few hundred years.  Another problem is that this probe will kill the planet unless something is done...this is where Kirk &amp; Co. come in to save the world as we know it.  They take their stolen Klingon Bird Of Prey 'round the sun back in time to the mid 80's when humpbacks are alive and well on earth--but endangered.  The sheer fun of watching folks from the 23rd century deal with earth of the 80's is worth the price of buying this great film.  From Spocks experiment with swearing to Scotty talking to a computer mouse like its a recording device, it all makes for an extremely entertaining way to spend a couple of hours.  Funny, witty and all around a great addition to the Trek Universe, whether or not you are a fan of the genre or not.  Pick it up, and enjoy, I know you will.of the genre or not.  Pick it up, and enjoy, I know you will.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolia is a hard film for many people to watch.  The reason for this is that Magnolia is a film about what we watch movies to escape from... real life.  That's what its about; forget the sprawling plot, Magnolia is about the trials and tribulations of modern life.  It's about coping with regrets and fixing our mistakes.  This makes for a very depressing film.  It also makes for a very real film.<br />Filled with many different characters, its easy to find someone to identify with.  Whether it be Frank TJ Mackey, a womanizing motivational speaker who refuses to come to terms with his father, or Jim Curring, a cop who's trying to find love while doing the right thing, you're sure to find someone who you love.<br />Stellar performances are turned in across the board, but that's no surprise looking at the cast.  You stop seeing William H. Macy, you start seeing Quiz Kid Donnie Smith.  The only weak link is Julianne Moore as Linda Partridge.  She's way over the top, but its forgiveable if not dismissable.<br />Magnolia is one very smart film.  It is filled with themes of redemption, courage, freak accidents, and God.  Director Paul Thomas Anderson does not dumb these down for us; he does not insult his audience.  He knows we are smart, capable people and leaves it all up for our own interpretation.  It may be a little overwhelming, but that's why this is a great DVD to purchase.  You can watch it repeatedly and pick up on all the little things you may have missed that make a big difference.  On the suplemental disk is an interesting documentary about the making of Magnolia that offers much insight into PT Anderson and the way he works.  The only thing that's missing is a commentary track by Anderson; he thinks the film speaks for itself.  He may be a little off base there, but Magnolia is nonetheless a very satisfying purchase.
6305910103|5.0|As a long time Trek fan, I nearly fainted when I heard they were coming out with 'Star Trek The Motion Picture'.  But my excitement quickly faded when I saw what they had done to my favorite TV series.  C'Mon!  After all those years, THIS is the BEST they could come up with???  Well I almost skipped 'The Wrath of Kahn' altogether, but boy was I glad I went to see it opening night!  This started the whole craze of 'Only the even numbered Trek films are good'.<br />What a GREAT idea to take a snippet from an earlier original episode and I believe they chose very well when they made 'Space Seed' the one they went with.  I have to admit, Ricardo has held up well over the years, and his acting and madness is well portrayed as Kahn.  From the best special effects (I believe) in the Trek films (yes, even the newer ones aren't any better) to a slam-bam plot that moves at warp speed, 'Kahn' is arguably the best of the Trek movies.  Despite the death of Spock, which is dealt with in Trek III (so so in the Trek world of theatrical movies) my ONLY gripe with this movie (and see if you don't agree) is in the final moments before the Genesis Device goes off in the Nebula, the ONLY thing I wish HAD happened that DIDN'T was Kahn died believing that the explosion would at least kill Kirk...wouldn't it have been great to see Kahn's reaction when the Enterprise goes to warp JUST BEFORE the device detonated? Aside from that minor complaint, this is definitely one of the all-time great Sci-Fi movies and like I said, arguably the best Trek film-to-date (with Trek VI coming in a close 2nd).<br />Rush out and grab this on DVD, although as one other reviewer mentioned, it did NOT have the added bonus footage that was shown on ABC back in the 80's (I kinda expect this sorta stuff in the DVD editions...) and that left me wanting a bit, but other than that, a well made film and well directed by Nicholas Myer (who also was at the helm of 'The Undiscovered Country'). Trek fans rejoice, this is about as good as it gets.is about as good as it gets.
B0000507PC|4.0|the cider house rules has become a wonderful addition to my list of favorite movies in the past year or so.  you can imagine, then, what my anger was upon coming across one of the reviews that is posted.  the opinion of the writer was that there were absolutely no underlying issues in the cider house rules.  the only one apparent to them was the issue of abortion.  whatever happened to the incest?  a daughter is impregnated by her father in this movie.  did this person miss the part about leaving home to find yourself? and what about the most important theme of all? 'RULES ARE CONDITIONAL!'  to say that this movie promotes abortion and is offensive to people who are against it, one suggests that 'the sixth sense' is offensive to people who don't believe in ghosts and 'star wars' is offensive to people who dislike science fiction.  please.  abortion is only used in this story as an example of one moral that can be thrown away in extreme circumstances.  the movie shows to the people who watch it (as opposed to those who compare it to their own moral code) that rules can be broken, and if they are all applied (like the 'cider house rules') they can become rather ridiculous.  it merely encourages people to look outside of the strict moral code that we imprision ourselves in, and discover all that we may have missed.  i find the opinion, that the entire focus of this movie is on abortion, an insult to other movie-goers who may have been more than astounded by the way the MAIN theme of the cider house rules is presented.
B000002KDO|5.0|After more than 20 years this CD still makes me sad and heavy. I'm intrigued by its seduction, even if the emotion isn't one I'd want all day long. A thick heavy syrup of distorted sound and wailing vocals. Somehow, even the bad recording helps, just like an old recording of piano-bar blues or Chopin. And despite the intensity, it seems to come at you from behind a veil it spookily doesn't quite penetrate. I plan to play this to my girl friend at least once. If - as I suspect - she doesn't like it, I'd ask her to listen for a while even so (this I would not do lightly).
B0000508U6|5.0|This group is NOT just anohter Brit-Rock band.  <br />It is nice to hear a band that wants to make music, 'cause that's what Coldplay is.  They are not out to conquer the charts with some pre-fab sound.<br />Yeah, their song structures may not be &quot;original&quot; but once the lead singer (sorry, don't know his name as I am writing this without a copy of the CD handy) starts singing the only thing you can focus on is the amazing strength (and weakness) that his voice portrays and the amazing lyrics this man has written.<br />IMHO, this is the best CD of 2000.<br />2 best tracks are 1. Yellow (awesome video too) and 2.  Trouble. But (again IMHO) there are no bad songs on this CD.
0553106635|5.0|Martin is building &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; to such a crescendo with his latest book that I recommend you read the two previous volumns just to get to this one.  Many authors weave disparate threads together to create great novels...Martin does 10 AT ONE TIME.  So, while you're dying to uncover the next twist in theme 1, the book engrosses you with themes 2 through 10!  I have never experienced any novel quite like it.  If you want fantasy with more subtlety, complexity, and depth than some of the other prominant fantasists, get into this series!
B0000041Z5|5.0|It's got the Brahms's thick texture, no show off, very conservative view at Brahms's 4 symphony.  Abbado's version's too extravagant (its a personal feeling but I feel like it's more wagnerian than brahms), and sorry to say I just don't trust Karajan playing Brahm's 4 symphonies.  If you only own one copy, my opinion (based on my intuition) is just to get this one.
B000050FEN|5.0|&quot;Seven&quot; is one of the best thrillers ever made.  This DVD version is souped up with great extras that make you like the movie even more. If you have a DVD player and haven't bought this yet, buy it now!
B000002JS6|5.0|&quot;You Shook Me all night long&quot; has got to be the greatest Rock song ever.The basic Three cords,the bass,and that voice.Brian Johnson sounds so much like the late Bon Scott,its unreal.This song is a classic.Every week our local radio station plays this number on Friday to get us ready for the weekend.&quot;Back in Black&quot; is only for thoes who what to hear there guts pore out,with cuts like&quot;Hells Bells,Shoot to Thrill,&quot; and my favorite,&quot;Back in Black.&quot; I'm not even a  Die Hard Rock fan,but I love this CD.
B00004XONN|5.0|I've never owned a Radiohead album. I've only listened to a few songs by them (ie. Creep, Karma Police) on the radio. A friend of mine recommended I buy this album.  During the first couple of listenings, I absolutley hated it. It stayed in my discman for a couple of days till, I went back and decided to give it another try. I'm a writer and I've been having a dry spell for months on end. I was listening to Kid A the other day while i was writing and for the first time in ages, the words came out naturally. I remembered how to feel again. Now I listen to it several times before I go to bed with my lights off and several more times before I get out of bed in the morning. The tracks that really stood out for me were: &quot;How to Completely Disappear,&quot; &quot;Morning Bell,&quot; both which moved me to tears. And also &quot;Optimistic&quot; and &quot;Idioteque.&quot; I can't tell you how much I loved this album. It's a gem. I'll even add The Bends and Ok Computer to my CD collection
6305313687|5.0|This is most definetly of the best movies of this genre I've ever seen. Excelent performance by Edward Norton. I firszt saw this in the theatre, and then the VHS tape, but this DVD was excellent!. Great extra features, and good clean picture, and sharp sound. Highly reccomended.
B00000BKDV|5.0|I was 10 when I first heard this album and it has remained one my favorites for the past 17+ years since.   I believe that &quot;Revelations&quot;, &quot;Where Eagles Dare&quot;, &quot;Flight of Icarus&quot;, and &quot;Still Life&quot; are some of the best songs I have ever listened to.   This is a must have album for any true metal or Iron Maiden fan.   It is excellent.
B00003CXIP|5.0|The best, this film is the best I have ever seen.
B00004TH83|5.0|When I first I will love again, on the radio, I wanted the CD, then I heard love by grace, and I knew Celine Dion was taking time off, but I thought it was her, and so I called a radio station and asked them who sang the song, and they told me Lara Fabian did. So many people think she sounds like Celine, and that is a great thing. To me Celine is one of the greates singers I have ever heard, and so I believe that Lara will have just as much success as her. She has a strong, incredibly beautiful voice, and her songs have such meaning. My favorite songs have to be, I will love again, Love by Grace, and Broken vow. I can see her going very far in the future, and she is one person that I will see she has a new CD and just buy it, I have every Celine CD and sometimes I hear only 2 or 3 songs on the radio, but I love her voice, her lyrics and her songs, and Lara is the same way, she has that voice that just hits you in the right spot and you want her CD's because every song is just the best. Her CD is one of my Fav. and I buy a CD will have a few good songs and not like the rest, but with hers, you enjoy every song and there is no disappointment in her music, so you have to buy this CD, especially if you like Celine, because you will think at times it is her, so hurry and buy it so you can hear her beautiful voice and touching lyrics.
0399146253|3.0|I love Kay Scarpetta.  I have read all the books in the series, and was happy to finally get The Last Precinct.  What a disappointment.  This book spends a great deal of time rehashing the past two books and an unbearable amount of time on Kay talking everything over with her friends.  There was a time when the focus of the books were criminals and solving the crimes via forensics.  Lately it seems as Kay is always the victim, with somebody out to get her.  After reading this book I was very let down.  While the main 'mystery' of this book is solved, it all seem slapped on at the end, and very contrived.  It seems as the whole point of the book was to set up the next book; which at this point, unless the reviews are great, I will probably skip.
B000002OR4|5.0|I am a young African American. 15 yrs. My mom made me watch this movie.  The movie is great and the cd, OOOOOOO.  I had to copp the cd, The first night I listened to it in my bed while going to sleep. I was so scared.  This music is so extraordinary I can't find the words to describe it.  To everyone (even to those who don't like classical music.)  Get this cd, Get it.  You are bond to fall in love with it.  I find myself in deep thought on this cd.  It will change your life forever
B000002KHH|5.0|This is perhaps the best album Black Sabbath has ever released. Many of the &quot;staple&quot; Sabbath hits are on this opus (&quot;War Pigs/Luke's Wall&quot;, &quot;Paranoid&quot;, &quot;Iron Man&quot;, and &quot;Jack the Stripper/Fairies Wear Boots&quot;). But, don't buy this album because of these songs! Buy it for the other songs, which far outshine the &quot;staple&quot; tracks. &quot;Planet Caravan&quot; is a mellow, trance-like tune that's sure to make you think. &quot;Rat Salad&quot; features some excellent bluesy hooks. And, &quot;Electric Funeral&quot; and &quot;Hand of Doom&quot; are sure to blow you away (these are my two personal favorites on the album). So, if you're looking for excellent classic Sabbath that you won't find on the radio, get this album, program in tracks 3, 5, 6 and 7, sit back and enjoy! I garantee you'll have a smile on your face for years!
B000000H3Z|5.0|I bought this album 2 mounths ago, and I still play this cd like twice a day. It's my favorite sepultura album next to schitzophrenia. stronger than hate and slaves of pain are the best songs on the album.
6305499365|5.0|Yeah, after you've seen this movie, you'll know what the title of my review means.  This has to be one of the funniest movies ever made.<br />This film is for anyone who has ever hated his or her job, so, in all actuality, this movie is for everybody.  The subtle humor can be appreciated by everyone, especially those of you who have ever worked in a cubicle.<br />The characters are all nicely developed, and the storyline, although seemingly simple, is perfect and well defined.  Bill Lumberg has to be one of the funniest characters to come to the &quot;silver screen&quot; in a long time, and he isn't even the main character!  Ron Livingston does an excellent job of playing the fed-up &quot;paper pusher,&quot; Peter.  His comments are so appropriately funny, and his candid facial expressions are fabulous.<br />This film will have you repeating the hilarious lines all around the office place, and you won't be able to keep yourself from laughing.  This movie truly has something in it for everyone.  It is a can't miss.  Where else can you see Michael Bolton steal an idea from Superman?  See this film to see what I mean!
B00000JGOH|3.0|If you love Shakespeare and period pieces, this is a wonderfully entertaining film. I enjoyed the twists and turns the story took in showing the development of one of Shakespeare's greatest plays, Romeo and Juliet. Obviously, artistic license is the catchword here, but watching Shakespeare's inspiration unfold in this film is fun and exciting. It was amusing to hear lines from the play pop up throughout the film's story (&quot;A plague on both your houses!&quot;) As for the players, Paltrow was fine (but an Oscar-winning performance, I think not), Ben Affleck is strong, Geoffrey Rush is hilarious, and Joseph Fiennes is an attractive Bard whose portrayal I found unexpected and interesting. As frequently noted, no one could surpass Judi Densch's Queen Elizabeth (though Cate Blanchett comes close). She surely does steal the picture!<br />Unfortunately, this is such a waste of the DVD technology. Having just made the transition from VHS, I expect more features in a DVD. Other than the trailer, the only other features are a chapter-by-chapter breakdown of scenes, &quot;Shakespeare Facts&quot; and character biographies. Though the facts and biographies were interesting, why just text? No background music even! I would have preferred to see interviews with the screenwriters and actors presenting this information. And where's the director interview or commentary? What a gyp!
B00003CX8J|4.0|I was hoping once the DVD came out it would have more special features than it did.  That was a disappointment.  The moie is still great and looks great on DVD.  I really wanted to see a better making of feature on the disc as well as some features on the special effects, etc.  They could have goe a bit more indepth.
B000021XS0|5.0|I have come to be a fan of Dream Theater just in the last two years, and I have to say that I am impressed by all of their projects. However, when I picked up Scenes From a Memory and slip the tape into the player in my car, a whole new world of music was revealed to my ears. To say that this album is their best is an understatement. It is the greatest piece of music that I have ever heard in my life (20 years of that life has been as a musician). Even my wife, who does not like rock or progressive rock, is constantly amazed by the power and perfection of this album. The vocals are great and the musicians produce an aural hurricane that bogels the mind. Check it out. You won't be disappointed.
B00003CXFU|4.0|I thought Roberts and Finney did a stellar job portraying ordinary people taking on a corporate giant - and prevailing when all seemed lost.  It was most heartening.<br />Right now the people of Freetown, Massachusetts, could use the real Erin Brockovich and Ed Masry as we are in the same struggle portrayed in the movie against the exact same company - PG&amp;E - who are dumping toxins in the Town at will and telling us they are not dangerous to our groundwater and wells.  We have been fighting for 7 months and will keep up the good fight, but it looks like we may founder against the long reach and money of both this corporate giant and their local business connections.<br />I would like to think that the outcome here could be the same as portrayed by Finney and Roberts.  Let us hope that real life can mirror Hollywood.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|You can not go wrong buying this DVD. It is an excellent action movie. The stunts are incredible as well as the cars. It is best seen in its 5.1 Dolby Digital surround audio track.
B00003CXE6|5.0|This is probably one of the best movies I have seen lately. After seeing it, it lets you wondering, full of wishful thinking and wanting for more. Although &quot;Gladiator&quot; is a movie where no expenditure was cut short, the true heart of it is the way it projects the timeless values of the betrayed, incredibly charismatic hero who fights until the end to avenge the death of his loved ones, with a past, unforgotten love lurking around all the time. We get a taste of life in Ancient Rome as well, with its vices and abuses and, above all, its &quot;grandeur&quot;. The animations of Rome are so accurate, one almost regrets having missed it for 1800 years. Russell Crowe in the role of Maximus gives an award winning performance for which he will be remembered forever as the &quot;actor of Gladiator&quot;. He gets deep into the emotions of Maximus, his character, showing us not only his bravery but also - and this is very important - his vulnerability. Moreover he has the gift of a fantastic, deep voice, which adds to the drama of the story and wraps it up spectacularly with a soundtrack that is both glorious at times as well as morose.<br />The scenes are shot with great care and realism. The one with the tigers is fantastic; but I find the one where Maximus' rage has no limits and kills everyone in the arena by himself the most intense.<br />After Russell Crowe's marvel of a performance I second Oliver Reed's and Richard Harris'. Both masters of their task, they also give award winning performances; Reed as the wise ex-gladiator who helps Maximus with his tactics; and Harris as the last Great Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius. Sadly, Oliver Reed passed away close to the end of the movie and the last scene in which he appears is an animation of his character.<br />I commend everyone in this film, especially the director, Ridley Scott, for giving us the opportunity to enjoy an epic of timeless values in our modern world, so much devoid of them.
0684853523|5.0|Stephen King's, On Writing, Is the most interesting piece of work I have read in a long time.  I have been a Constant Reader most of my life and finally there is a glimpse in to this brilliant mind.<br />I found this work to be most satisfying.  This book gives the reader a picture of what life is like for Mr. King.  He has great insight on how writing should be done.  He did not go into detail with the boring aspects of grammar and gave insight on how to be an author of fine fiction.  Even if you do not have any aspirations on being a writer, it still gives you an idea of how he writes.  <br />For any Constant Reader of Stephen King, this book is a must read.  My favorite aspects of the book is how he came up with his ideas for books like Carrie and The Shining.  Also, how he struggled with writer's block while writing The Stand (My Favorite).  I recommend this book to anyone who is a Constant Reader of Stephen King.
078401213X|1.0|I saw this movie with about 6 friends who came over for a DVD party.  I bought the DVD based upon good reviews.  However, the consensus of the group was that this movie SUCKED.  We barely made it all the way through - and the ending is the worst part, I think.  One other reviewer mentioned that you need to watch it several times to really get it.  Ok, maybe, but don't see it with a group of people or you will all be staring at each other after it's over and then looking more pointedly at the person who picked it!
0064407667|4.0|This book (and indeed, the whole series so far) doesn't have marvellously complex, or clever plotlines. What makes these books stand out, is the wonderful way that Mr &quot;Snicket&quot; narrates them. Most books these days seem be narrated from an objective, third person point of view. This means that the author, or rather, the persona describes only the action as it unfolds, with little or none of his/her own voice coming through. <br />But the persona of &quot;Lemony Snicket&quot; comes through on every page. He frequently digresses from the story, to define words, provide analogies of similar situations, and to talk about &quot;Beatrice&quot; his lost love, apparently!<br />This does not detract from the book. Instead, it adds to it, since &quot;Snicket&quot; is very very, funny. I know that several of the reviewers have criticised this book for being too dark, or for having inappropriate subject matter. But the book is dark in a over-the-top, humorous kind of way. And the inappropriate matter (which I take to refer to when Count Olaf tries to marry 14 year old Violet) is presented in an absurd fashion, and highlights just how dastardly the bad guys are!!<br />I would recommend this book to anyone over the age of 8. Younger kids might take it too seriously, as these books play on every kids worst fears eg Parents dying, other adults not believing you  when you tell the truth, having to do heaps of chores, etc. A highly entertaining read!
6304458355|5.0|This is a great movie.  It has suspense, mystery, action, comedy, and drama.  Everyone in the family (over 5) will be able to identify with at least one of the characters.  Possibly a bit violent for the little ones, because of the bad guy stalking character - real nightmare material there.  The special effects are good ... and very realistic.
B00004TRD8|5.0|I am new to DVD having just bought myself a player for the holidays. For gifts I received a bunch of new DVD titles. After watching all my new titles, I must say this:<br />THIS DVD SETS NEW STANDARDS FOR QUALITY!!<br />I cannot believe how much is crammed into this AMAZING DVD! <br />Every DVD I load up now, seems lame because it's missing all the great content that I've gotten used to seeing in this title!<br />Read other reviews as to what's so great about the content, since I won't repeat it here..<br />My final word is this, once you've gone through this DVD, you'll be spoiled forever, and be dissapointed with most other DVD titles out there, since very few offer SO MUCH!!<br />You'd be crazy not to buy this DVD!
B000005JA8|5.0|Over the course of his career, Don Van Vliet (Captain Beefheart) created some of the most inventive, genuinley bizarre music ever comitted to record.  Trout Mask Replica is the most creative, difficult album from an artist who is at best incomprehensible to most listners.<br />On this record, Vliet synthesizes rock, free jazz, beat poetry, and I'm sure a few other elements I can't recognize.  These elements are combined roughly as the musical seams show quite clearly.  He sings in a rustic, bluesy voice, obviously emulating legendary bluesman Howlin' Wolf.  If it sounds difficult to imagine, it is even more difficult to listen to.<br />Superficially, Replica sounds like disorganized cacophony.  It sounds at first as if the musical elements were put in a blender; there doesn't seem to be anything coherent going on.  After repeated listens, it becomes less obtuse (though never really clear) that this music is actually precisley orchestrated, dissonant noise.  His song structures are so unique and opaque, I can't find the words to describe them.  The songs often seem longer than they actually are because of the sophisticated sonic framework.  The lyrics are of the deliberately peculiar, meaningless (as far as I can decipher) variety, very similar to beat poetry.  While they don't seem very personal or emotive, they are interesting (I won't get into specifics, let's just say the lyrics are just as whimsical and eccentric as the song titles imply).  This is very challenging music, but it offers abundant rewards for the patient, attentive listener.<br />Trout Mask Replica has been cited as a major influence by many prominent punk/alternative artists, including:  Wire, The Clash, and Gang of Four, to name just a few.  As some critics have noted, this influence seems to be ideological, rather than directly musical.  By creating music which defies virtually every musical convention, Vliet inspired others to do the same, even if his disciples realizations are different from his own.<br />Though this is a creative, historically important album, it is a nearly impossible (almost painful) listen (especially since it's over an hour long).  Vliet released a couple albums in the early 1980s (Ice Cream for Crow, Doc at the Radar Station) that consist largely of re-worked material originally composed during the Trout Mask Replica recording sessions.  Though these albums are still very eccentric, the somewhat smoother (or at least less course) production removes some of the harsh bite that characterizes Trout Mask Replica, and the songs are more succinct.  These records are more palatable with only a slight compromise of Vliet's creative eccentricity and may serve as a better introduction for potential neophytes who might be intimidated by Trout Mask Replica.
B00000HYXB|5.0|This album is simply great.<br />There are progressive and classical elements as well as BG's traditional power metal.  It will take you on a intense ride, leaving you exhausted at the end.<br />The concept is not their own, but they couldn't pick a better story in which to toy with your emotions... and they do just that.<br />The &quot;filler&quot; between songs is a series of narrations used to bridge the songs.  Actually they are very well done and IMHO, enhance the story (unlike some of Rhapsody's narrations, which are a bit hokey.  I like Rhapsody very much though).<br />This is BG at its mature best and what a treat it is!!
0671867369|5.0|To start, let me say that Mr. Ambrose has a writing ability that quite a few popular fiction writers would do well to study. His books show history as being populated by regular, yet interesting characters. He takes the time to reveal to his readers the unique personalities making up the story, much like an old hand filling in the new guy at work. For this reason, I feel that anything written by him could be immensely interesting. Now imagine him writing about something that is quite interesting: WWII. As usual he has produced a work that cost me plenty of sleep from staying up until the early morning hours, unable to put it down.<br />For the story itself, it is incredible. What those men went through is amazing. I found it very enjoyable to read about a group of guys made into supermen by the author. The brotherhood formed amongst them made me wish that I could have have experienced it. Perhaps this is what held my interest the most. Now if only he'd turn his talent loose on WWI...
0425098532|5.0|Something Christie did with this book makes it different from any of her others. It has been said (and rightly said) that she cared little about imagery and in-depth description of people and places, unless it was pertinent to the murders. The characters in Sad Cypress, however, are amazingly 3-D. In the right mood, one could actually cry over the injustice of Mary's death. Elinor's jealousy is another aspect that Christie captured perfectly. I was almost jealous FOR her! Besides stimulating the emotions, however, this book also works on the brain. That's probably what most Christie readers look for in her novels, so don't worry: 'it's' there. There's also something else, there, though, that isn't usually abundant in Christie's other stories. This time,prepare to feel AND think.
B000008DA5|5.0|I bought this for good Vibrations, and that's it.  But it's totally worthwhile - two great albums, and a bunch of entertaining bonus tracks.  If you're at all interested in Smile, cool harmonies, nice lyrics, nice backing tracks, weirdness, or just two really enjoyable albums, get this.
0440219078|4.0|It was confusing at first and I am still trying to figure out the end. It is a very cool , wierd Book... I liked it alot maybe you will too. the twists and turns... colourless world...
B00004ZB9D|4.0|Lenny Kravitz writes a great song... only problem is he can't write 6 or 8 good ones at once. That's why this album is very good. It takes the best of the bunch and puts them on a single disc. George &amp; Weezie Jefferson would have been proud to hear this kind of music coming out of their high-rise apartment way back when on TV. Much of Kravitz's music seems retrospective of the 1970's - which is where I grew up and got into rock music... so I like it a great deal. Kravitz credits many influences - Hendrix for one... but Lenny is his own man with his own style. Lenny plays drums, lead, rhythm and bass guitars, keyboards and sings... he is the complete musician. He has in the past and is capable of giving us an album - all by himself. I also want to thank him for producing Cree Summer's &quot;Street Faerie&quot; disc - which is just awesome. Cree is a unique black &amp; soulful artist with a huge future in front of her... thank you Mr. Kravitz for finally bringing her to light. If you want one Kravitz studio album, go with &quot;Are You Gonna Go My Way&quot;. If you want a nice package covering the career &amp; recent hits - this &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; is the way to go.
B00003CXFV|5.0|I bought this DVD for my wife this Christmas. When I first saw this, I wasn't entirely sure what to make of it - originally it got three stars. What I would recommend, if you don't understand legal systems is to read about the case first which this film tells of. Julia Roberts is a real looker in this as single mother Erin Brockovich, who is out of work and involved in a car accident. When the devious lawyer defending the driver who struck her causes her to lose her compensation claim, she ends up working for her defending lawyer - Ed Masry - who is expertly played by Albert Finney. When she is researching a real estate claim she finds some shocking medical reports and discovers that a massive public utility - PG&amp;E - has been dumping toxic hexavalent chromium into the groundwater - cost-cutting can be dangerous! Through her own determination she finds her purpose in life - helping people - and with the help of MAsry, who feels a bit intimidated and harried by Erin at first - they struggle to bring justice to those families who were affected by the chromium poisoning. This is based on a true story and it is pretty scary to think that the poisoning had been going on over several years. The DVD package is superb as well - interview with the real Erin, the deleted scenes(I'm sure a couple were in the UK cinema release) and a host of other features. I'm really glad I gave this movie a second chance - having been made up recently into a health and safety officer/manager at work overseeing procedures with chemical disposal, it certainly strikes a chord - we use material far more lethal than chromium. I also must say that the lesson from Erin we can all learn is that it is incredible what one can achieve through sheer perseverance and determination.
B00000JQFM|5.0|Nonstop. Steve Vai and Vinnie Moore learned a bunch from this album. Hot pickin', crunchy chords, shreading galore - this is Satriani's best and most well-rounded work. &quot;Flying In a Blue Dream&quot; is a close 2nd to &quot;Surfing...&quot; but this is/was considered the mother of guitar instrumental rock &amp; roll albums. You've probably heard &quot;Satch Boogie&quot; and &quot;Crushing Day&quot; on the radio - whether you're a Satrianin fan or not. Essential in any rock collection.
0792101448|5.0|Here in one movie has the great west of the outlaw expressed. To me it all begins and ends here. This is truly the best western movie of all time. I only wish they would release an uncut version. It's long, but worth every minute.<br />Paul Posey Augusta, Ga
0789723107|5.0|This book has the right balance of tips, prose, pictures and examples that get across very powerful, and sometimes very simple (common sense) principles. Definitely a must have. And definitely written and put together in a way that you can scan sections at a time, without having to read sequentially, much like the web is put together! He practices what he preaches, which is very refreshing for a User Expert!
B00000K31Q|4.0|The DVD does not have any bonus features other than standard scene selection, a trailer, and language choice.  I still am happy with my purchase.  When I first saw the movie on VHS I gave it an average rating.  Seeing it again on DVD brought it to a whole new light.  The video quality is good, and the sound is above normal.  There are so many hidden things in this movie that only a DVD player can decipher.  The widescreen format allows the entire scenes to be viewed, and the smooth pause screens and scans allow for a fun experience.  This is a fun movie too.  A couple bonus features would have won it 5 stars.
B00004T9UF|5.0|The Marshall Mathers LP takes a little time to get used to (or for me, atleast, it did). After I listened to it for a while, I realized it wasn't something to take seriously. The majority of the CD is simply humor (sick, misconstrued humor, might I add). But still, it's quite unique, I'd have to say. I've never heard anyone with his style. The music, itself and along with the timbre, is really catchy. I absolutely love the minstrelsy of it all (above all the ocean of profanity). For those of you who are offended by this kind of bambarding utterance...I guess this CD's simply not something you could take (hey, there's always the edited version). But honestly, if you simply listen to the music and the intone of the music on here, it really is an entertaining purchase.
0822216310|2.0|\\"The Santaland Diaries\\" is superlative satire. The words bristle and delight. Sedaris is a genuine American voice -- witty, sardonic, removed, unpredictable. I have seen \\"Santaland\\" work on stage many times. Way funny stuff.    However, don't read a script when you can read the original prose (available in at least 3 different paperbacks.) You could even track down Sedaris reading it aloud. DPS is one of the great publishers in the history of the theatre, but a script is a backwards way to encounter \\"Santaland\\" on the page.    As far as \\"Seasons Greetings\\" goes, well, let's just say that this is not a piece of writing for the ages.
B00004WEJZ|1.0|Never Say Never Again is not one of the worst Bond films, but its simply mediocre and of the standard of all the Bond movies produced after their glory days of the 60 and 70's. However the worst aspect of the DVD version is not the film itself but the lack of quality control that went into making this DVD edition.  Unexcusable is the fact that the makers of this DVD couldn't even bother to include the entire film on this disc!  There is at least one large missing scene (i.e., just before the 'domination game' section of the film in the casino) and there may be others.  Given this and the lack of any extras (save a trailer) makes this a disc to avoid.  My advice to fans is to pass up on this edition and wait for a more definitive version in the future.
B000000OA6|5.0|I don't remember being aware that Freddie was dying of AIDS when this beautiful gem came out with little fanfare in 1991.  Some of the heaviest songs Queen ever recorded are to be found here, with near-metal songs like &quot;The Hitman&quot; and &quot;Innuendo&quot;, with its superb Brian May/Steve Howe-led flamenco interlude leading the charge.  The album posessed an intense character unlike any Queen that I had ever heard before that - along with a little of silliness that I did recall.  But after Freddie's sad announcement and what seemed like his almost immediate death after that, what had already been a near-brilliant album suddenly opened itself up as a rich, complex, beautifully-woven epitaph to the Queen legend.  The lyrics speak simply but eloquently of frustration (&quot;I'm Going Slightly Mad&quot;), external mis-perception (&quot;Innuendo&quot;), reflection (&quot;These Are The Days Of Our Lives&quot;), delight in the simplest of life's pleasures (&quot;Delilah&quot;), and unflinching optimism (&quot;The Show Must Go On&quot;).   Mercury writes with an unpretentious pen that startles you with its frankness, but never wears you down with the weight of the reality that he was trapped within.  I think its in the glorious construction of Queen's sound that allows you to see the beauty even through the agony and sadness that the lyrics speak of.  That having been said, even the seemingly less consequential songs resonate with the sad and subtle knowledge that this was a man working on borrowed time.  It's hard not to shed a tear when you hear the final echoes of Freddie's voice on &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot; close the album - arguably Mercury's greatest vocal performance ever - but its not a tear of sadness,  but a tear of rapture for the beauty that you have just had the privilege of experiencing.
B000023VR6|5.0|My fave record along with &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;. Plus its difficult to find 22 tracks these days; if you like Dre's flow and beats this cd is gold. No need to say more.
B000000I0I|5.0|25 years down the road, Ommadawn leaps out of my speakers with a confidence, clarity and freshness that continues to amaze me every time I &quot;listen&quot; to it. I put &quot;listen&quot; in quotes because Ommadawn does to me what every favorite piece of music I own does: it totally engages me so that I am transported to another world. In this world of Oldfield magic the line between music and life becomes blurred; Am I listening to the music or have I simply and finally woken up to LIFE? <br />Rather than describing the music, let me describe its effect on me: Ommadawn...like great food...transcendant sex...scintillating conversation...refreshing walks outdoors...sacred silent times alone with your thoughts - like all of these, it TRULY SATISFIES down to the core. After each &quot;listening&quot; I stand humbled, eternally grateful, and nothing can stop this rising, bubbling JOY inside my heart that screams: &quot;I HAVE TRULY LIVED!&quot; I have found no greater feeling in this life - and all for a measly $15 or so!
B00004VVNC|5.0|Legends of the Fall has something for everyone.  It has suspense, war, politics, sibling rivalry, romance, tragedy, unfounded guilt, envy, unforgiveness and forgiveness, tradition and more.  It believe it is one of the best films ever produced.  The cinematography is outstanding and the plot tells a fabulous story about three brothers and their father; how love and hate can tear one family apart, yet also bring them together.  Brad Pitt is perfect for the part of Tristin Ludlow, which this epic tale is based around.  To look at him in this film is enough to see the deep emotions that lie beneath Tristin, not to mention the fact that Brad Pitt happens to look breath taking with long hair.  It's almost as if the character were written with him in mind.  Anthony Hopkins gives a realistic view of what it must be like to be disabled.  The rest of the cast is equally good and the mix works extremely well in this film.  Again, the photography is unsurpassed and there are key points in the film where Tristin's entrances are done in such a way and more than one time in a similar fashion, to create an anxious anticipating &quot;in awe&quot; effect.  I would put this film up against Gone With The Wind as an all time classic.
B00004XONN|5.0|I was introduced to radiohead when my brother bought this album, along with OK Computer. The only experience I've had with the band before was the song karma police from OK Computer, which I had heard a couple of times on the radio and didn't like too much. Well, Kid A is an extraordinary album. I normally don't listen to a lot of &quot;modern pop&quot; music but there's something about radiohead that makes their music stand out from the mainstream stuff. Kid A is extremely experimental, and I fear some people who are into their older, more ordinary works (pre-Ok computer) might find this a bit too weird, maybe even unlistenable. I most certainly don't, and I think this album deserves to be given a chance. It's a masterpiece written by one of the most creative of all bands today. The intro sets the mood for the whole album with it's hypnotic vocals and warm keyboard licks. The rest of the traks are more or less brilliant, with highlights being &quot;optimistic&quot;, the most pop-ish song on the album, &quot;treefingers&quot;, a soft ambient soundscape which reminds me a lot of Brian Eno, &quot;idiotique&quot;, my favourite part of the CD along with &quot;morning bell&quot;. Radiohead can't fail. I wish this record was longer..
B00004VVNC|5.0|Legends of the Fall has something for everyone.  It has suspense, war, politics, sibling rivalry, romance, tragedy, unfounded guilt, envy, unforgiveness and forgiveness, tradition and more.  It believe it is one of the best films ever produced.  The cinematography is outstanding and the plot tells a fabulous story about three brothers and their father; how love and hate can tear one family apart, yet also bring them together.  Brad Pitt is perfect for the part of Tristin Ludlow, which this epic tale is based around.  To look at him in this film is enough to see the deep emotions that lie beneath Tristin, not to mention the fact that Brad Pitt happens to look breath taking with long hair.  It's almost as if the character were written with him in mind.  Anthony Hopkins gives a realistic view of what it must be like to be disabled.  The rest of the cast is equally good and the mix works extremely well in this film.  Again, the photography is unsurpassed and there are key points in the film where Tristin's entrances are done in such a way and more than one time in a similar fashion, to create an anxious anticipating &quot;in awe&quot; effect.  I would put this film up against Gone With The Wind as an all time classic.
0767849493|3.0|This movie is not Kevin Smith's finest hour.  Let me just say that as a lapsed Catholic, this movie isn't particularly insulting--although I remember the protests outside theatres.  The problem with it is that it just isn't very FUNNY.  The high point of the film is Smith regular Jason Lee (notably of &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; as Ben Affleck's homophobic co-worker) as a Satan type.  The problem with this movie is that it needs to go bigger and really lampoon organized religion, or it needs to tone it down.  Instead, it's stuck in neutral, with the viewer wondering when it's all going to end.<br />Admittedly, it's kind of fun to watch Ben Affleck and Matt Damon play angels who have fallen from grace, who try to get through a heavenly loophole to regain their wings.  But that's too small a part of the movie to redeem it.  Plus the shootout at the end that finally brings these two devils down is gross--as is the--er--monster that emerges from the toilet to try to stop our protagonists.<br />This isn't an awful movie.  Let's just say that renting &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; and &quot;Clerks&quot; would be time better spent.
B000002BUY|4.0|If got hooked on Make Yourself and you're wondering why Incubus got mixed up in the whole rap-rock genre, check this out. This about as loud and hard as Incubus gets. Sure, it's not as polished as Make Yourself, and it's not as interesting as Fungus Among Us, but it's still a great album. Another thing I like is, New Skin proves you don't need a song about suicide in order to make it big in the metal world. I also like the last track on there, Calgone, where they're just playing around with all kinds of different music. I like just about all the songs on the CD, but the only one I didn't like was Magic Medicine, the lone instrumental, mainly because I thought it was a bit odd. But the best songs on here are New Skin, Vitamin, A Certain Shade of Green, and the hidden track after Calgone. The only reason I give this four stars instead of five is: CD Extra content. Why do they even bother with this junk? My computer doesn't like it, and, well, neither do I. Anyway, SCIENCE is a great album and anyone who likes Incubus or the Limp Bizkit wannabes should definately give this a listen.
6305907145|4.0|I am always amazed when Jane Austen's novels translate to the screen with their humor, warmth, and feminist sensibilities intact.  This is yet another in a good run of Austen movies.  Australian Frances O'Connor captures the warmth, humor, and goodness of the heroine, Fanny Price, who has been sent away from her own poverty-stricken family to live with wealthy relatives.  There is a lot of social commentary here--Fanny's family may be poor and desperate, but they are nowhere near as debauched or spiritless as her wealthy relations.<br />Fanny's elder female cousin, in particular, marries for money and then has an affair because she feels trapped in the loveless marriage.  Undoubtedly, one of Austen's favorite messages is that money matters less than love when it comes to marriage.  That is particularly well-portrayed here.<br />The acting is uniformly good, led by O'Connor with a performance that would make Austen proud.<br />Don't dismiss this as just a Merchant-Ivory lookalike costume drama.  There is much humor and biting social commentary to be had.
0790736241|5.0|Robert Zemeckis' adaptation of Carl Sagan's novel is as thought-provoking and intelligent as Close Encounters of the Third Kind.  The film contains two prominent themes: a conflict between science and religion, and the wonder and excitement of discovery.  It is slow-moving and deliberate, and yet contains some incredible special effects in the final act.  The result is an extremely absorbing and up-lifting experience.  Contact centers around a bravura performance by Jodie Foster as Dr. Elinor Arroway, an astronomer obsessed with the idea of life in other galaxies.  The Foster character is in virtually every scene of the movie, but is aided by terrific supporing characters.  In particular there is Ellie's father (David Morse), who motivates her as a child to pursue her dreams; Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey), theologian and love interest; and billionaire Hadden (John Hurt - almost unrecognizable), who provides the financial stability for Ellie at just the right moment of her life.  The discovery of a signal from outer space by Ellie triggers the beginning of the second act of the film, and I had great fun at this point watching the world come together, trying to figure out what to do next.  I won't reveal any more, since the key to the enjoyment of the movie is discovering at the same time as the characters. Definitely a must-own.
B00004YKUX|5.0|Johnny Cash's voice does waver at times, sounding even a bit weary, but it fits the song choices on this album very well.  I would never have imagined anyone else singing &quot;One&quot; by U2, let alone making it sound so good (and sad).  He also covers one of my other favorite artists, Wil Oldham, which blew my mind as Wil is pretty obscure--the song &quot;I See A Darkness&quot; is quite riveting, in fact the entire album is a bit stark and melancholy, so this is definitely not one of Cash's album of praise songs!  The trio of songs: &quot;Will You Lay With Me..&quot; &quot;Field of Diamonds&quot; and &quot;Before My Time&quot; is about the best succession of songs I've heard on any album--if there was any doubt of the power of simple songs, stripped down to only a voice and guitar, listen to these 3 songs and be prepared to be stunned.  I got the same sense of awe in listening to these 3 songs that I did when I first listened to Dylan doing &quot;Moonshiner.&quot; This will be a classic album--I highly recommend it.
0790736241|5.0|Robert Zemeckis' adaptation of Carl Sagan's novel is as thought-provoking and intelligent as Close Encounters of the Third Kind. The film contains two prominent themes: a conflict between science and religion, and the wonder and excitement of discovery. It is slow-moving and deliberate, and yet contains some incredible special effects in the final act. The result is an extremely absorbing and up-lifting experience. Contact centers around a bravura performance by Jodie Foster as Dr. Elinor Arroway, an astronomer obsessed with the idea of life in other galaxies. The Foster character is in virtually every scene of the movie, but is aided by terrific supporting characters. In particular there is Ellie's father (David Morse), who motivates her as a child to pursue her dreams; Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey), theologian and love interest; and billionaire Hadden (John Hurt - almost unrecognizable), who provides the financial stability for Ellie at just the right moment of her life. The discovery of a signal from outer space by Ellie triggers the beginning of the second act of the film, and I had great fun at this point watching the world come together, trying to figure out what to do next. I won't reveal any more, since the key to the enjoyment of the movie is discovering at the same time as the characters. Definitely a must-own.
B00000J6AG|5.0|When first reading about this album the word techno was often brought up.  When I think of techno, club hopping, disco dancing music is what I imagine.  It must be understood that this CD is not the above kind of music.  The use of synthetic music machines allows this album to fall into the &quot;techno&quot; genre.  <br />This CD is truly different and a great listen.  Whether you want to relax or just let your mind run free - this CD is for you!  Each track is even more original than the other.  It's almost impossible to fully explain what you can achieve from this album...It won't make you a millionaire but it will enlighten your soul and let your thoughts run wild.  Grab this album if your looking for something different.  This is not really an album you would dance or sing along to...It's an album you sit back and enjoy!
B00003CX8J|5.0|Hey i loved this movie and my son really loved this movie he is 5 and has watched x-men 20 times since i bought it.
B000056N8X|5.0|If you saw this movie in the thearether and didnt like it, dont worry i didnt like it either but, the director cut make it good....it re-edits the movie and it makes it fun and entertaing the new ending is much better than the theatrical one. and it promise to have a lot of extras since is a 2 disk set.
6303942830|4.0|The Last of the Mohicans is one heck of a movie.  It has a little something for everyone.  I'm not a guy, but I suspect that guys like action- it has tons of that.  It has romance for us girls.  And a certain raw emotion that everyone can appreciate.  The movie's plot follows the adventures and romance that occur when Hawkeye (Daniel Day-Lewis), and his adoptive Indian family Chingachagook (Russel Means) and Uncas (Eric Schweig)escort two British sisters, Cora (Madeleine Stowe) and Alice (Jodhi May) to safety during the French and Indian War.  Also among the mix of characters is a vengeful Huron warrior named Magua (Wes Studi) intent on killing Cora and Alice. The two characters that are developed the most are Cora and Hawkeye.  They fall in love.  Through Stowe and Day-Lewis's acting, I got a strong sense of the devotion and attachment that Hawkeye and Cora have for one other.  They light up the screen in every scene they're in together. This might be a shallow thing to say, but I honestly don't think the movie would have worked without attractive people.  Nearly everyone in the movie is good-looking.  Even Magua has a certain evil handsomeness that might be overlooked.  If Hawkeye had been acted by Steve Buscemi and Cora by Kathy Griffin, this movie would have lost all of its appeal.   Other than looking good, the actors do a very nice job.  Day-Lewis is superb.  The way he speaks fluent Indian language with Uncas and Chingachagook might seem pretentious on another actor, but he makes it more of a way of life than a showy &quot;look at how long i spent practicing speaking in indian for this role.&quot; The ending is very emotional.  I am not ashamed to admit that in the six times I have seen the end, I have cried five times.  Jodhi May does such a good job as Alice.  Why isn't she in more movies?  Every character has a little bit more to them than meets the eye.  There are no 2-Dimensional characters. However, there are flaws in the movie.  For instance, I found it a little bit odd the way that Hawkeye had no trouble killing Huron Indians that he had just said, &quot;I come in peace&quot; to.  And Uncas isn't as developed as he should be, but maybe that's why the affection he has for Alice is so touching- because it's so subtle.  The movie is still VERY entertaining and VERY well-done, and can be watched repeatedly without getting sick of it.
0679847367|5.0|The first time I heard this fabulous book read was only a few years ago, as part of a talk.  Since that time I've wondered who wrote these wonderful and witty words.  Dr. Seuss, you've got to be kidding?  This man was a literary genius!  This is a simple 5 minute read, a book in which no one is above reading.  Make it a goal to burn the words of this book into your memory.  Give it as a gift. Read it to children.  Write it's words on a card and carry them with you, and read it- especially if you feel as though life's got you down.  p.s. The art work is great too!
6304711883|3.0|I felt very different about this movie throughout but overall I would say I liked it.A interesting film that was good but could have been great. This movie almost fet rushed and Gary Sinise was the person I felt did the worst. As a fan of most of his work he lacked everything a villian in that kind of movie should have:a real personality,spunk,style and cold hearted.If you like Mel Gibson see it. You mite get a kick out of it.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This was the first limp bizkit cd I got.  I got this cd right after I came out because of generation and rolling and let me tell you those are not the only two good songs almost every song is good. This cd is so good I went out and got singnificiant other
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The Beatles changed the face of popular music more than once. They led the british invasion and then when the pop world had written them off, they came in and turned it all upside down with Sgt. Pepper's.<br /> This CD is a wonderful collection of their best work. There are a few little snippets I wish were on here, but as they didnt reach #1, they arent included.<br /> This is an absolute must for any record collection.
B00003CWNR|4.0|&quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; was a pleasant surprise. Instead of trying to be cutting edge or over the top, &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; succeeds in making a beautiful film and that alone. This film has a good story (the movie was adapted from John Irving's novel), modestly good acting, and a good score.<br />&quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; is a simple story with well-recognized themes. An orphan boy named Homer(played by Toby Maguire) helps a doctor(played by Michael Caine) to take care of orphan children and perform abortions. However-like all teenagers in movies and books-Homer has a desire to see life and decides to go away with a couple who have just visited to do just that, see life. Michael Caine's character insists that Homer stay but of course doesn't listen. Toby and Michael have an excellent chemistry on film. On his travels with the couple, Homer falls in love and discovers a mystery hidden by a group of African-American slaves on an orchard.<br />The film is like learning French or listening to Handel; just beautiful all around. The Cinematography is brilliant and makes me want to go to Maine. The acting is well reserved and doesn't become mellow-dramatic or fake. The score(I bought it on CD after I saw the film) is also another great aspect of the film. From the dramatic theme to the simple piano numbers, the score adds to the greatness of the film. <br />I recommend this film to everyone and know you'll enjoy it. It won't be on your favorite film list or your favorite of '99 but will keep you inspired for awhile.
B00004TR2G|4.0|John Williams is known for making popular themes, from the Raiders March of Raiders Of The Lost Ark to the Imperial Theme from the Empire Strikes Back.  More famous than them is the dreaded two-note motif associated with the hungry shark from Jaws.  It fits in with the film but there's a few problems with the score.  The score contains too much of the Jaw's theme and too little of anything else.  Almost every single track has the relentless theme, hungry for attention.  Of course two other themes are also in the score, a heroic-sounding fugue and an awfully funny sea shanty tune.  Whenever the shanty comes in, I laugh real hard, especially during the shark attacks where it sounds out of place from the horror.  A noticable thing while listening to the score is its sound quality.  What happened?  It sounds old and like the original LP, all muffled and dull.  I won't let this hamper my listening experience, though.  My favorite tracks are probably Montage, Ben Gardner's Boat, Shark Attack, and Man Against Beast.  I still recommend this to any fan of movie scores because the good outweighs the bad in this release.
B00003CWTI|3.0|I wish I didn't read the good reviews of &quot;Magnolia&quot; because I probably would've liked it more. That isn't saying this is a bad film, it is well-crafted film with a good script and good acting but one of the best films of '99 and groundbreaking? No. <br />&quot;Magnolia&quot; follows a day in the life of a group of strangers. Everyone from a genius kid on a quiz show to a TV. Male tycoon profiting on Male self-esteem who must confront his dying father. The first hour of the film is the best because it sets up all the conflict and introduces us to a handful of interesting characters. The acting is very good for a Hollywood film. Even Tom Cruise who I normally despise at least did a good effort and of course Rubert Jr. was amazing. However as the hours go by and the plot becomes more and more obvious, you start to space off. I think a lot of people forced themselves to call it brilliant because of how tragic everything was and sentimental but it was nothing special. The scene in which Tom Cruise and Jason Rubert Jr. meet wasn't as powerful as I thought it would be. If you want to see real family tragedy at it's best you should see clips of Jason Rubert Jr. performing Eugene O'Neill in the theater. By the middle of the film, everything became a cliche and we knew what would happen. I won't give away the ending but I thought it was very contrived and tried to be arty and symbolic without making a good film. <br />&quot;Magnolia&quot; is by no means a bad film and I recommend watching it but I can't even begin to accept it is brilliant and groundbreaking. &quot;Boogie Nights&quot; still remains Paul Thomas Anderson's best work so far.
B000051VWW|5.0|Please understand this review is extremely biased! I love SADE! Her music used to sing me to sleep in college. &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is simply exquisite music. Sade's voice is even more beautiful now, because she has been away from music for eight years.  Every song, especially the title track, wraps you up and takes you away from the monotony of the current R&amp;B, Soul and Pop songs. It is definitely good to have my sweetheart back.  I am sure that Ilya loves her mommy, nevertheless, I am glad SADE came back to us all!  (5 mics, 5 stars) Buy it now!
B000002LOM|3.0|&quot;Kill Uncle&quot; is a good album if you listen to selected songs instead of listening to the album as a whole. Songs like &quot;Sing Your Life&quot;, &quot;King Leer&quot;, and &quot;Driving Your Girlfriend&quot; are Morrissey classics but songs like &quot;Asian Rut&quot; and &quot;The Harsh Truth Of The Camera Eye&quot; break the flow of the album. Most people consider this Morrissey's worst album but it doesn't even come close to some of his other work. If you are a Morrissey fan then get this album. If you are new and looking for a Morrissey album to get then go get &quot;Bona Drag&quot; or &quot;Your Arsenal&quot;. If you are cynical about Morrissey's work then you should skip this album. &quot;Kill Uncle&quot; is in the middle of the worst and best of Morrissey.
B00001PE4D|5.0|This is an excellant movie! I think everyone one should be able to endure the great acting by the cast!
006016848X|1.0|At least 5 people mentioned this book to me.  None of them had finished it.  And I can see why.  It's poorly written.  It's repitive. It's not worth reading through to the end.<br />I'm the only person I know who has read the entire book. And that was a painful experience.  There's not much worthwhile in the book.  To summarize: men and women are different, view and see things differently, be aware of this when dealing with your spouse.<br />That's all he wrote using the 'catchphrases' of Mars and Venus.<br />To sum up the book - don't buy it - if anything take it out of the library.  Then read any 2 chapters.  The rest are all the same.<br />And don't recommend this book to anyone if you don't read it entirely.  You'll find that you won't be recommending it.
B000002OR4|5.0|I'm a young African American.  When I got this cd, the night I listened to it whil going to sleep I was so scare. You must get this cd.  I promise its worth your time.  It will have you thinking deeply. For real
B00001NFCY|4.0|I'll go ahead and rate this a 4 star CD. Decent vocals/lyrics, nice guitar. It was the sound of an entire year. With &quot;Higher&quot; being the backdrop of every movie trailer for the past year, it somehow became embedded in my psyche. However, my pal Mob asked for this CD LAST Christmas, that is how long it's been around. It's also my opinion that the rate of pay radio Disc Jockeys should get be greatly reduced if the only playlist they can come up with is to spin this entire CD all day long. With the exception of the overplayed &quot;Superman&quot; by Three Doors Down, Creed has taken over the airwaves like acne at a Jr. High Dance.  I would almost consider recommending to a Tom Hank's Castaway type character, but even then, an individual back from 4 years on a deserted island would have 10-20 opportunities an hour to catch up on this Album. If I wake up to my Creed on my clock radio one more time, it will confirm  my theory that I have replaced Bill Murray in Groundhog Day. For the love of God, can't we save these psychological audio tactics for someone like Sadam Hussien?
B00004ZAV3|5.0|What a great CD and great music. How many other bands can claim 27 number 1 hits? How many bands can claim #1 hits in so many decades? This is a wonderful compilation of Beatle music showing their incredible range of hits and music writing capabilities. The best band ever!!
B000002J6H|5.0|One of the greatest voices and guitars of the rock pantheon, Steve Stills wrote one of the most hauntingly beautiful songs of the era when he wrote &quot;To a Flame&quot;. When I hear it I am transported to an airport tarmac, glistening from a warm night rain, as roaring leviathans taxi by to the active runway and bellow into a stormy night sky. This is chicken-skin music and that one song is worth the price of the entire cd.
0316779237|4.0|Since I have reviewed many of Sedaris' books, it will surprise no one to know that I love his writing.  He can make me weep with laughter.  Holidays is no exception... the piece about applying for a job as a Santa's elf at Macy's in NYC is the one that NPR listeners will recognize and it is no less hilarious in print.  It's the fact that you know this is probably EXACTLY what it is like as a Macy's Xmas elf - together with the emperor-has-no-clothes-on kind of truth that can make the whole essay a keeper.  The other essays in this small collection of Sedaris gems involve other holidays themes.  &quot;Dinah, the Christmas Whore&quot;, changes how a young David views not only his sister Lisa but his family and what the bigger world is all about.  &quot;Season's Greetings,&quot; is a screamingly funny suburban family xeroxed Christmas letter - let's face it, we've all received them, and although we love hearing what's happening in the lives of our friends, sometimes the gloss-over is a bit stretched - in Sedaris' version the life of the family starts out as plastic and suburban as usual and quickly degenerates in a wild tale of illegitimate children, lawsuits, implied incest and a bizarre and very funny host of other issues.  Take a breather, find a corner, read this through while the tree is still up and laugh and laugh and laugh.
B00004T9UF|4.0|I think that they have some cool songs on this cd. My best track is number 8! Number 8 is I'm Still Shady I'm the Real Shady all the other Slim Shadies are just imitating! YEAH! The rest range from 0.0 to ok! What i mean is that some songs are downright boring! Number 13, 15, 5, 2, 3, and number 17 is cool. Number 17 is also funny! It goes &quot;Shney Ney Ney Ney Ney Ney Ney Ne Nekh&quot;
0399146253|4.0|The Last Precinct was another great book written by Patricia Cornwell.  After Black Notice I was afraid this would be the last book where she could use the characters that I have grown to love to read about.  Her ending was very powerful and it leads to many new and different story lines.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I have one comment  someone said limp bizkit says one word  the f word and that he is whiny or something I wanted to ask that person who said he had to listen to the cd-he doesn't have an obligation to listen to the cd just like if someone jumped off a bridge then you wouldn't half to jump off the bridge either! and who said that being whiny is bad -it's ok to whine why is it not ok to whine! what would happen if NOBODY whined, if everyone said yeah lets be stoic about it! What would happen!
B000002UB6|4.0|You know you're a real Beatles fan if you hate Long &amp; Winding Road, right? OK, it's a good song, but has those maudlin strings, which is odd because this is supposed to be a raw, back-to-our-roots album. <br />This is a fine album, but to me it rates only 4-stars because it is a notch below the &quot;big 5&quot;: Rubber Soul, Revolver, Sgt Pepper's, The White Album, and Abbey Road. There is some lousy filler (Dig it, Maggie Mae) and annoying &quot;bumpers&quot; or whatever they're called between songs. John disliked Paul's song Let It Be and partially sabotaged it with his silly comments about &quot;hark the angels come.&quot;<br />On the plus side, it has some of the best Beatles-songs-your-friends-have-never-heard: Two of Us, I Dig a Pony, For You Blue and I've Got a Feeling.
B00004XOWM|5.0|GREAT. Kellogs FLAKES ARE GREAT AND SO IS LIMP BIZKIT! YES LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!! HE IS SO COOL!
B0000025T6|5.0|For the most part, this album has no E Street Band, just Springsteen, a                               harmonica, and a guitar. In a way this is a modern folk album, but without                               falling back on the old conventions and methods of pre-rock folk music.                               This takes the music into darker territory, reminiscient to some of the                               records Johnny Cash made at Sun as well as the demos cut with Hank                               Williams by himself. The spare sound, the harrowing echo helps make the                               record, but what makes it succeed so well is how much Springsteen has                               finally matured as an artist. This is where his songwriting reaches razor                               sharp perfection, unsparing in its details no matter how grim, but with a                               great eloquence. The characters these stories embody are direct and                               plainspoken which gives these songs a grit and realism that makes them                               even more striking. Every song ranks with his best. Once again,                               Springsteen sings of people who seem to be hurt by economic hardship,                               but this time it goes beyond that. These are people who are defeated by                               adversities that they have no hope of controlling, what Springsteen sees                               when he sings about a &quot;meaness in this world.&quot; Despair and pessimism is                               the prevailing mood, and at times these songs dip into a psychosis that's                               a frightening: the opening track is a cold monologue from a serial killer while                               &quot;State Trooper&quot; drips with quiet paranoia. Even better is the way                               Springsteen delivers these songs. All the artifice is gone from his singing:                               the natural delivery he gives makes everything even more harrowing as he                               almost seems to be singing to himself. <br />                              In the songs more emotional moments, like the beautiful &quot;Highway                               Patrolman&quot; and &quot;Reason To Believe,&quot; Springsteen doesn't give us a sense                               of hope because he can't find one. That is, he can't find one that isn't                               insincere or an illusion. However, he seems to feel that it's better to                               acknowledge a bitter truth and move on from there rather than remain                               under the same illusions.                                A critic once said that this album told stories of people that Springsteen                               would have become had his radio emitted nothing but static instead of the                               classic rock n' roll that he escaped into during his youth; listen to this                               album and you'll understand what he means.
B00004X01U|5.0|I find it interesting that some reviewers speak of the vocoder effects as original when first entering mainstream conciousness with Cher's Believe.  In fact such special effects have been a staple of the electronica and trip hop genres for quite some time, just as guitars are a staple of rock and the sax is of jazz.  Thus their inclusion on Madonna's most challenging album yet - in the sense that there are no obvious radio-friendly singles excepting Music - seems more like a natural addition than it does gimmicky.<br />And Madonna never made her underground musical inspirations a secret nor have any of the critics I've read so such complaints are unfounded.  Madonna has not created a new genre of dance music, nor has she claimed to.  What she has done is put her own unique spin on established genres and introduced them to the mainstream. <br />I'll be honest.  I was dissappointed when I first heard clips of the songs, but after only a few days, the new sound has grown on me.  Sure, I'm still a little dissappointed that William's Orbit's lush instrumental landscapes have taken a backseat to Mirwias' more minimalistic style, but Madonna has never been one to sit still for long so her listeners simply have to grow along with her - and trust me, it's well worth the effort.<br />From the suprising stops and goes of &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; and the suitably abrupt ending of &quot;Gone&quot; to the equally suprising acoustic interlude of the otherwise synth-heavy &quot;Nobody's Perfect,&quot; she never lets us get too comfortable in any given melody, sacrificing catchy predictability for a challening but far more interesting sound.  <br />Of course the album's main highlight is &quot;What it Feels Like For a Girl,&quot; a more subtle feminist anthem than Express Yourself or Human Nature that echoes the themes of the book Drowning Ophelia with its exploration of the way in which girls are too often brought up to be softspoken and insecure, hiding their inner strength underan unthreatening exterior that poses little threat to a patriarchal society.  Yet the song itself is soft, heartfelt and compassionate.<br />For longtime fans who feel let down, give the album a closer listen.  You might be surprised by how quickly it grows on you as well.
6302256615|5.0|I've got only one thing to say: &quot;nobody ever told me this movie wasn't good! NOBODY!&quot;
B000002UAI|3.0|I own this CD and it has 14 tracks, not 12 tracks as listed. Please fix your listing.
B000002572|3.0|Tom Scholz's attention to detail and production are in full evidence in the debut album of Boston. Each song seems to have been written with 70's radio programming in mind and on that level the album succeeds admirably. There is nothing here musically or lyrically that will change your life but it still fun to listen to as your driving around.
B00004T9VY|4.0|This is a great early album by Cat Stevens.  Songs like Wild World, Where Do the Children Play, and On the Road to Find Out are terrific.  While I'm reviewing this, I'd like to point out the reviews of someone named Barron Laycock(Labradorman).  He uses the same review for almost all of Cat's albums, just substituting in songs with each album.  He does the same thing for other artists, too.  This jerk got to be a Top 10 reviewer by being too lazy to do anything original.
B00000JPHG|5.0|Bride of chucky was a bust a gut film. Sure it wasn't real scary but it was a dark comedy. It really wasn't supposed to be. Jennifer Tilly made the perfect match for Chucky. She's a really groovy actress who plays mentally ill people well. This is a movie that the whole family will enjoy if the little ones aren't afraid of monsters.
B000002WYT|5.0|Is it just me, or does hearing &quot;Let you Down&quot; induce tears?
B00002DEIX|1.0|I guess that I must not be a jazz expert because I find this CD to be a big dissapointment. The songs that are to be uptempo aren't and the ballads are boring. Perhaps I am have been accustomed to listening to the Oscar Peterson's and Roy Hargrove's of this world. These guys know how to put together a good CD. By the end of this Cd, I was bored. I guess they won't let me send it back.
0780626966|5.0|I'm a big fan of all the NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET films (yes, I even liked PART 2 and PART 5, for some reason most people say those are the worst in the series) so this DVD boxed set is like a dream come true. The set includes all seven films, plus a bonus disc titled &quot;The Nightmare Encyclopedia&quot; and this holds many surprises for die-hard fans of the series. You even get to see the 3-D ending for FREDDY'S DEAD. If you're a big fan of Freddy Kreuger or of horror films in general and also have a DVD player, then this boxed set is for you.
B000002BYD|5.0|This was my first Pearl Jam CD that was all mine.  Before this one I was aquainted with their work from Vs. and Ten through my older sister and was expecting work of that kind.  I was pleasently surprised.  Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love both Ten and Vs., the latter being my favorate Pearl Jam album other then Live On Two Legs.  Yield blends the styles of their first three albums with that of No Code, making a mixture of the harder stuff and the lighter, artsy stuff that works wonders.  There is not a single track on this album that I can truthfully say is the best one other then Given To Fly.  The only song I can think of that was actually played on the radio is Do the Evelution, an excellent song that has Eddie screaming at the top of his lungs.  Wishlist is a song with an artsy twist and has great guitar work, and might be Eddies best song vocally, ever. All in all, this CD is a must have, for those of you out there who write Pearl Jam off as another headbanging punk band (and I know there are some out there), buy this album!  If you still don't like Pearl Jam then there's no hope of ever pulling you to the light side.
020530902X|5.0|When I picked up Stephen King's book &quot;On Writing,&quot; the first thing I noticed was his praise of &quot;Elements of Style.&quot; Fabulous! I have something in common with a world-famous author. To paraphrase, he says most books about writing are nonsense, the one exception being &quot;Elements of Style.&quot; That is certainly true.<br />This book is an authority on grammar. Entries on confused words, punctuation, verb conjugation, etc. give writers and editors all the rules they need to be good at what they do. Lessons on style, clarity and good writing help rid writing of plodding or confusing material.<br />This is not a long book to slog through once; it is a wonderfully short book to be used as a reference all the time. What more could you ask for?
0679809015|5.0|From the moment my daughter saw this book she makes us read it over and over. She is a fanatic about animals and loves to point to the animal as we make the sounds. The flaps are easy to pull without breaking the book as is the problem with most other flap books. She is only 14 months old but this book is perfect to get her used to books and reading.
B000007PI9|1.0|Cobra was the brainchild of Stallone who wanted to do Rambo IV and Rocky VI but wasn't sure how. SO with a Mach10 and a toothpick we get Cobra. I have a brain damage friend who understands Stallone's dialog better than anyone I know, and he says this movie stinks. I disagree. Rocky V stunk, this movie smells like chicken droppings in a microwave.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Without trying to get philosophical about the movie or trying to best other reviews here, I just want to say what might appeal to people who haven't or don't want to see this movie.  It was unfairly judged when it was released -- even by the respectable reviewer, Roger Ebert. Forget what you hear about the violence and gore and the menagerie of masochistic machismo, FIGHT CLUB is  really about a man (my age) who because of his insomnia and addiction to consumerism, has slowly lost his grip on reality. The violence is just a PART of his new life (and is truly minimal when you count the minutes of it in this 2-hour visual masterpiece). If you keep your mind open, you'll realize this movie isn't trying to condone violence, because in the end, Tyler Durden is not seen as the answer.<br />David Fincher has made his second best film here, next to SE7EN. And he's made it better than the novel. The DVD is perhaps the best one out there right now (even GLADIATOR) that fully capitalizes on the technology. Hours and hours of extras! Seriously, give this movie the chance it deserves if you haven't seen it. Ignore the bad things people said.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|If you're one of these die-hard critics that tears up movies for this and that, nothing new here, etc etc, than you're barking up the wrong tree with this movie.   On the other hand, if you love cars -- and know exotics well, you'll be pleased to see some of your favorites on screen. The Jaguar XJ220 was my favorite, but there's a Diablo, a whole Ferrari warehouse, Porsches, old classics like a Cuda and, of course, the 67 Stang, and more.   This score comes from that. The reason I give four, and not five, stars, is that many of these cars are cameos, and you don't get to see them, quote, &quot;in action.&quot; They start up, and drive off, and they're gone. But if you like cars, you'll like this. If you're a MOVIE critic, not a car fan, this movie is probably not your thing. It was obviously made for the car-buff market. It's got some zany chases and just about the most intense car jump I've seen in a long time (even if it was completely implausible -- so who cares? I mean, this is Hollywood! If I want reality, I'll turn on the news). Overall fun movie, beautiful, out of this world cars, and a few funs chase scenes (watching a new 911 Turbo spank a wigged-out Civic was worth the watch alone :). Only gripe would be a lot of bark (aka all the gorgeous cars) with not enough bite (the cars are generally not really &quot;used&quot; -- of course, this movie probably features $20 million in rare cars alone, and who would even run the RISK of wrecking even one of them? :). Hope that helps!
0425156842|5.0|\\"Sophie's World\\" is amazing, it's a philosophy course made a novel. Most people interested in the \\"big questions\\" have probably read through their lives several authors, maybe Plato's \\"Dialogs\\", Descartes, Kant; or modern ones like Nietzsche, Freud or Marx. However, by doing this (reading only some authors) its difficult to understand the evolution of the philosophical thought through the history of mankind, you are unable to compare all the different approaches to questions that have been asked repeatedly since thousands of years.  This book gives you the vision, and the head start for a more profound reading of occidental philosophy. For example years ago I started Nietzsche's \\"Beyond good and evil\\", and not being able to understand why he criticized Kant I dropped the book. After reading in Gaarder's book Kant's basic ideas I finally understood the divergence of thoughts.<br />But \\"Sophie's World\\" it's not just a mere philosophy course, it's a novel, a very enjoyable text that mixes the philosophic knowledge with the plot, in a totally entertaining way. The book is recommendable for everybody, but specially for people interested in the subject, of course. It's definitely not just for young people, but a philosophy professor would probably find it a little dull.
B00004RFFM|4.0|This was a good movie,but it's no JAWS (THE DEFINITIVE SHARK MOVIE.) This movie gave all the shock and blood you could want,but none of the suspense that made JAWS great. The tag line for this movie said &quot;Bigger,Smarter,Faster and Meaner.&quot; All that is true,this movie is very watchable and it has great effects it even has a good story tied to it,but all the people that said it was better than JAWS are dead wrong. If you like a good scary shark movie, see this,it delivers in the chill department. If you want to see a Great and Scary Shark movie, sit back,get some popcorn travel back to 1975 and watch JAWS.
B000000H57|5.0|This was a momentous album for Type O, it was one of those risky albums, because they faced a lot of critical fans who cried that familiar old complaint, that the band had sold out and gone commercial. What a load of rubbish! To be fair, this album abandons the familiar metal/rock resonance of Origin, SD&amp;H and Bloody Kisses, in favour of a much more gothic direction. Try as you might, Type O Negative are just not catagorisable. Often described as Gothic Rock or Gothic Metal, I prefer to just leave them as Type O. Unique. And this album proves that.<br />Slow, dark, moody, melodic, mellow. All these words do a great job of describing this album, but then you have odd songs thrown in, like &quot;My Girlfriend's Girlfriend&quot; and a cover of Neil Young's &quot;Cinnamon Girl&quot; - which I think is the reason some fans go &quot;Urgh - pop&quot; - Aside from these brief uplifting moments, the album proudly mumbles along in its rhythmical meloncholly.<br />Among my personal favorite tracks are the opening song, &quot;Love You To Death&quot; and &quot;In Praise of Bacchus&quot;. Both of which oose gothiness. Watching an autumnal sunset with &quot;Wolf Moon&quot; playing gently in the background has to be the ultimate high for anyone into goth in any way. And I guaruntee a tear during &quot;Burnt Flowers Fallen&quot;, Pete Steele sounds as depressed as ever, but you actually feel for him as he passionately cries &quot;All of the flowers I gave her, she burned them&quot;.<br />Ahh. Anyway, no goth collection would be complete without this perfect, perfect album
0671891634|3.0|This is a good book to read for the casual to serious investor. Some of Lynch's prominent themes like &quot;Buy what you know&quot; and investigating the companies that you buy are great reinforcement.  However, if you expect to read this book and come away with the ability to pick stocks a will that will make money, you won't.  Lynch spends a lot of time telling the reader how he went about picking stocks for his Magellan Fund, but he has the ability to talk to CEO's and visit companies on site headquarters, something the average investor certainly does not have.  To be honest, the second half of the book gets boring and you don't take much away from it but some basic common sense themes.  I would reccomend this book to enhance your overall knowledge, but don't expect anything you haven't ever heard before.
B0000028RR|5.0|In 1992, everything was about grunge and flannel. Enter Rage Against The Machine. While everyone was finding a way to rip off Seattle bands, RATM were smelling revolution instead of teen spirit. RATM weren't the first ones to rap over riffs (see: Anthrax's &quot;I'm The Man&quot;), but they were the first to really do something with it. Melding Black Sabbath-esque guitars, Public Enemy political raps, and a punk rock tinge in both their music and intensity, RATM gave birth to an animal known as &quot;Rage Against The Machine&quot; that would forever change music. RATM's anti-government political stance in their songs is as relentless as Tom Morello's riffing. Just look at the names of these songs: &quot;Take The Power Back,&quot; &quot;Wake Up,&quot; &quot;Know Your Enemy,&quot; &quot;Freedom&quot;--this isn't your typical rock album here, folks. Everything hear has a meaning, and it doesn't stoop down to the level of sticking cookies up your girlfriend's ... Zack De La Rocha's furious vocals are nothing short of amazing. Every lyric, every gasp of air he takes, and every scream shakes the skull like only Fat Freddie could dream of. &quot;Instead I warm my hands on the flames of the flag&quot; goes one line, &quot;So called facts are fraud, they want us to allege and pledge, and bow down to their God&quot; goes another. Then, there's Tom Morello--my personal pick for the greatest guitarist ever. Taking a page from Tony Iommi's book (Black Sabbath--maybe you've heard of 'em?), Tom's guitars are dark and sludgy--but with that extra punk rock kick that guitarists in Iommi's era were missing. But while Iommi had those dark, sludgy, demonic riffs, Morello has dark, mean, ugly and nasty riffs that are fueled by punk rock rage. And who could forget Tim Commerford and Brad Wilk? Hands down, one of the best rhythm sections in rock history. Tim and Brad alone are amazing musicians--Tim's bass playing rivals Flea's, and Brad's drumming is fast, powerful and devastating--but together, there's no stopping them. They're funky, they're awesome, and they never fall victim to being redundant. As a whole, RATM are unrivaled. Limp Bizkit, Taproot, Papa Roach, etc. couldn't get the rap-metal formula right with hand-written instructions from RATM stapled to their foreheads. It's easy writing a review were you disect a song and talk about its good or weak points. But not here. You see, ALL these songs are top-notch, rock classics. From the religion bashing of &quot;Killing In The Name,&quot; to the goverenment bashing of &quot;Know Your Enemy,&quot; to &quot;Freedom&quot; which is about Leonard Peltier, this disk is perfect anyway you look at it. But my personal favorite was &quot;Freedom.&quot; Saving the best for last, RATM create a relentless rock song that is up there with &quot;Bulls On Parade.&quot; The way the song rolls and stops, then kicks into high-gear, and then builds up with so much tension and explodes like the atom bomb is just perfect. &quot;Rage Against The Machine&quot; is sheer perfection, any which way you look at it. It's aggressive, it's defiant, it's intelligent, it's groundbreaking, and it's a masterpiece. Just like all the classic albums, this one will forever stand the test of time.
B000051VWW|5.0|This album is silky and sweet.  Sade's voice is sometimes soft and sensual, but always powerful.  The album is easy to listen to at the office, before bed, during dinner - anytime is a good time to listen to Sade.  You'll truly enjoy her music, her voice, and her message.
B0000011MT|4.0|This is their first album. While not as airy and varied as ON THE SHORE, it has its good points. Hopefully, CBS/COLUMBIA UK will see fit to release this on their budget REWIND series.
0800177363|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  It shows that beyond science, there is humanity.  All doctors should show as much compassion as in &quot;Awakenings&quot;; where the quality of patient care becomes the primary goal of every physician.  &quot;Awakenings&quot; is a movie that illustrates that there is hope in any undertaking; for catatonic patients who haven't moved in decades, to their attending doctor who wants to see them recover, to the many patients in our country who suffer from disease, and those who wish to treat them.
0679879269|1.0|Yuck.  This was a very disappointing book.  Pullman is a great writer with considerable talent, which makes this book all the more of a let down.  I loved the first two and hoped the conclusion wouldn't degenerate into christian-bashing, but in the end it is mostly for atheists raising atheist children.  Its shaky conceptual foundations are best described as a haphazard mix of greek mythology and plain-vanilla secular humanism.  There are many, many logic gaps.  The worst thing about this book is that it is for children.  Adults can dismiss the nonsensical philosphical junk, but kids are more impressionable.  After writing two stellar novels for children and garnering rave reviews, Pullman betrays the trust of all faith-based families with this third volume.  I'm not a raving right-wing conservative, but this book offended me, and it could have a damaging effect on the faith of impressionable children.<br />Not recommended.
B000002UV9|5.0|There are not a single bad tune on this cd, simply amazingly put together by this excellent band. Geoff Tate's voice capabilities never ceases to amaze me. Has a bit more modern sound to it than their - in my opinion - best album ever, Operation Mindcrime but music do evolve, this album being produced in the middle of the 90s. However, it should be part of the essential collection of every melodic hard rock fan. Don't miss out on this one and make sure you take a listen to the unbelievable Operation Mindcrime, too! I bought this record as an lp but almost ruined it from being played too frequently...
B000000WA4|5.0|A bunch of good well-known hits on here filled with a bunch of other good tracks.  Some great playing with poetry as lyrics.  The Pumpkins take a topic and use other topics to expand on them on this album (like on many others), quite a different style than most bands these days.  One thing to note: the vocals have a &quot;whiny&quot; tone to them, by Pumpkins lovers, it's considered a style that adds a tone to the music, but some just find it annoying.
0671867369|5.0|Before &quot;Band of Brothers&quot;, I hadn't read any Stephen Ambrose works. Now, I intend to read all of them. He tells the story of a paratroop company in a no nonsense, ground level style that makes the book hard to put down.  This book is bound to be a classic and a movie made from it would rank with &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot;.  These men endured incredibly difficult training and a hellish baptism under fire. It's fortunate for this country that men of this caliber were there when needed.  If you read only one book in 2001, make it this one!
0679879269|1.0|In this &quot;wrap it up&quot; novel, the author fails to maintain the sense of wonder and mystery he established so well in the first two books.  The children no longer discover mysterious new dimensions and the major portion of the writing is given over to descriptions of action which is essentially boring. But it's worse than that:  Pullman plays amateur theologian and pokes fun at aspects of Christianity of which he is apparently ignorant.  The notion of a priest, for instance, who is granted absolution before his crime is ludricrous and may be funny to some non-Catholic adults but for young adults reading this book it may just seem absurd or worse, an indictment of religion altogether.  Here is the betrayal of the book - that it essentially lured us in as a fantasy and then degenerated into philosophizing. This is not unlike the recent very poor work of Anne Rice - both authors seem attracted to picking apart religions and traditions which they know a little about, and undermining those traditions for the sake of their plotlines.  It was more than disappointing - it was insulting, and I can no longer recommend any of the books in this trilogy since they have no authentic conclusion.
158234082X|4.0|Anthony Bourdain is that rarest of creatures, an articulate chef.  As a result, his book about what really, truly, takes place behind the swinging doors of professional kitchens is a revelation.  Some of what goes on may be as bad as the average customer suspects, and some of it may be even worse.  Yet Bourdain's love of food colors every chapter, and it is that love that empowered him to become a success.  His writing is fast-paced and he manages to make the hundrum of everyday restaurant management, the purveying, the staffing, the firings, all seem fascinating.  It is not surprising that in his spare time, Bourdain authors mystery novels.  He also is proof that to be a great chef, often, it is counterproductive to be nice.  Yet for anyone with an interest in fine eateries, especially the New York restaurant scene of the past couple of decades, KITCHEN CONFIDENTIAL is a must.
B000002UAF|4.0|So here's the deal.  About a month ago I picked up &quot;Beatles 1&quot; because I hadn't any Beatles CDs and I figured at a mere $13.00 it was a bargain.  I had once owned &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; years before, but had lost it.  I was of the opinion that all the best Beatles songs were post-Pepper, in the psychedelic period (Day in the Life, Hey Jude, Penny Lane, and so forth).  Listening to &quot;Beatles 1,&quot; I realized this assessment was simplistic.  Suddenly early tunes like &quot;We Can Work It Out,&quot; &quot;Day Tripper,&quot; &quot;Ticket to Ride,&quot; and yes, even the incredibly hackneyed &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand&quot; kept spinning round and round in my head.  I was boggled by the incredible efficiency of these songs -- hardly any of them measuring in at 3 minutes, not a note wasted, tight arrangements, great vocals with every little inflection and mordent carefully maximized, and melodies so fiendishly catchy that they get under your cerebral cortex and become a running soundtrack to your life.<br />Whoah, I told myself.  There's more to the Beatles than the post-Pepper psychedelia!<br />Fast forward to a week ago.  Having the afternoon free I popped in to a local movie theater (the Fine Arts in LA, just across from the Larry Flynt building) where the recently re-released &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; was being shown.  I liked the movie but was especially struck by three of the songs, all of which I'd known all my life, but hadn't actually heard in years -- &quot;I Should Have Known Better,&quot; &quot;And I Love Her,&quot; and &quot;If I Fell.&quot;  Things I'd never realized now jumped out at me.  How John's harmonica sprang so perfectly from the melody of &quot;I Should Have Known Better,&quot; how the arid percussion/bass opening of &quot;And I Love Her&quot; inoculated against its sappy (though beautiful) melody, how outrageously, absurdly gorgeous is the chorus of &quot;If I Fell&quot; -- sort of like the music equivalent of drowning in chocolate, being smothered in something glistening and wonderful.<br />I decided 'twas time to buy me some more Beatles CD's.  So with an Amazon gift certificate I got for Christmas, I ordered &quot;Revolver&quot; (along with Brian Wilson's response, &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;).  Once I got &quot;Revolver&quot; I played it over and over again.  I'm making a tape of it right now for car use.  &quot;Michelle&quot; and &quot;Girl&quot; and &quot;The Word&quot; and &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; have been dancing through my brain.<br />But, oh yes, we were discussing &quot;A Hard Day's Night.&quot;  I decided I had to have the album because of those three songs I mentioned -- &quot;I Should Have Known Better,&quot; &quot;If I Fell,&quot; and &quot;And I Love Her.&quot;  (I already have &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; on &quot;Beatles 1&quot;.)  I had to drive halfway across town to find the thing.  The local Best Buy and Borders were sold out of it, so I went to the Virgin Megastore on the Sunset Strip to pick it up.<br />And that is where I am now.  I haven't even tried to familiarize myself with the final 6 tracks (the ones that weren't in the movie).  I just keep playing those key 3 over and over again.  I am absolutely hypnotized by &quot;I Should Have Known Better.&quot;  This song is pop perfection.  It's a drug.  It's audio heroin.  I don't understand what that blasted harmonica does to my gray matter.<br />Meanwhile I bought Hunter Davies' biography of the Beatles (told ya it was a Beatles week for me) and read through most of it.  (I think I am getting a bead on John finally -- sarcastic, wounded, sometimes mean, flipping almost daily between idealism and cynicism, desperate to debunk the phenomenon he had become.)  And I read some 200 Amazon customer reviews of &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; in which the debate rages over whether Pepper really was such a good album after all.  I find myself agreeing with the criticisms sometimes.  What did the Beatles do, after all, beyonda bunch of well-produced ditties?  Can their work compare to the bluesy soulfulness of the Stones, the expansive jazz-inflected odysseys of Pink Floyd, the guitar virtuosity of Hendrix and Clapton?  Are they really the best rock band ever, or is it just a snowjob?<br />But then that harmonica comes back into my mind.  I can't get the Beatles out of my mind.  None of us can.  It's a musical virus.
B00000IL1K|4.0|Back again to tell you that I myself liked the album Eden, but not just as much as I did Time To Say Goodbye or Fly. If I were to choose my favorite songs from this album, I have only two: the title track and &quot;Only An Ocean Away.&quot; The album may be titled &quot;Eden,&quot; but there is one complaint: most of the songs (but not &quot;In Paradisum,&quot; &quot;Deliver Me,&quot; or &quot;Nella Fantasia&quot;) tend to deal with secular purposes instead of staying connected to the theme. Still, it's all interesting stuff, especially if to some fans Dive is the best SB album they've heard. <br />Speaking of the latter and this, I hope you'll know that the songs Captain Nemo, Eden, and A Whiter Shade of Pale were all released as US promotional music videos, but not for Time To Say Goodbye, which is in my book the best video Sarah's ever done, next to Who Wants To Live Forever. I know a number of places where you can see these videos if you haven't already. If you've seen NONE of these videos and would like to, e-mail me at honour2001@netzero.net and I'll tell you how to go about it. <br />Happy 2001!<br />A question of honour :)
B00000J2KX|4.0|THE SHINING when on laser disc in 1990 was, and still is, a much better release than the VHS edition since it is a digital release.<br />The DVD version, however, does not make any major advances, if any at all, in either video or audio aspects over the laser disc version that was released about ten years ago.<br />The only advantages that the DVD version has over the laser disc version is that the laser disc release takes up three sides (11.75 inch disc) , while the DVD uses only one side (4.625 inch disc).
B000002AHM|5.0|Al, John, and Paco are nothing short of superhuman with regard to their blazing guitar skills and ability to play together in total synchronicity on this &quot;live&quot; album.  It doesn't get any better than this -- Incredible!
B000000OQF|4.0|Guns N' Roses brought back to late-80s rock music a coolness and soulfulness that had long been missing.  Let's set the scene of rock music circa 1987.  The early-'80s pop scene (of which I am actually quite fond) was coming to an end... the era of Duran Duran, Culture Club, and Depeche Mode was waning, leaving only a few dregs of broken groups behind -- George Michael wants your sex, Belinda Carlisle thinks Heaven is a place on Earth.  Yuck.  What was filling the void?  Hair.  Tons of hair -- brown hair, blonde hair, crimped hair, curly hair, wavy hair.  Poison -- soon to be joined by other lightweights like Warrant, Winger, and Slaughter -- were the standard-bearer for all that was mediocre in this musical landscape.  This was the era of the (*shudder*) &quot;power-ballad,&quot; from Bon Jovi's inescapable &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive&quot; to Poison's vomit-inducing &quot;Every Rose Has Its Thorn.&quot;<br />To be fair, some of the other hair bands were good.  Cinderella -- of all the hair bands, the one that kept most in touch with their blues roots -- were on the verge of releasing their highwater mark, &quot;Long Cold Winter.&quot;  Def Leppard were riding the comeback wave with &quot;Hysteria,&quot; a wonderful-but-shallow piece of slick, Mutt Lange-produced rock confection.  And lurking in the background, unnoticed by most until the early '90s, were Jane's Addiction, the stealthy conscience of coolness, a year away from releasing their masterpiece, &quot;Nothing's Shocking.&quot;  So the landscape wasn't quite as barren as it might appear.<br />Nonetheless, the arrival of &quot;Appetite&quot; was felt right from the start as a major event.  Here, for the first time in (it seemed) ages, was music that was raw, angry, dangerous, unpredictable -- and above all passionate, free of irony.  And in Slash we had our first brand-new, legitimate guitar god in years -- finally someone who deserved comparison to Page, Clapton, even (dare I say it?) St. Hendrix himself.  Ican't express what an impact it made on me, as a 13-year-old lad just becoming exposed to MTV, to hear the unmistakable wah-wah intro to &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine.&quot;  The song blew my mind.  I put it twice (once per side) on the first mix tape I ever made.  It still blows my mind; I think it is one of the 10 or so best rock songs of the 1980s.  Certainly it is the best thing the Guns would ever, could ever, produce.<br />But &quot;Appetite&quot; is not just about &quot;Sweet Child.&quot;  There are two other perfect songs on this album: the eternally sinister &quot;Welcome to the Jungle&quot; and its epic sibling, &quot;Paradise City.&quot;  Both feature superlative guitar work and cord-splitting vocals by Axl.<br />Those three songs reverberated throughout the record and carried the other, lesser tunes confidently along.  The remainder of the album is uneven.  There are several other strong entries: &quot;Mr. Brownstone,&quot; with its agitated, percussive opening guitar riff; &quot;Nighttrain,&quot; whose terrific guitar-work and verse is only dragged down by a mediocre chorus; the grim &quot;It's So Easy&quot;; and the closing track, &quot;Rocket Queen,&quot; marred by too many orgasmic groans in the second half but structurally ambitious.  Axl's tendency to mash unrelated songs together (taken from Wings tunes like &quot;Band on the Run&quot; and &quot;Admiral Halsey,&quot; and seen to fuller extent in &quot;Use Your Own Illusion&quot; tracks like &quot;Estranged&quot; and &quot;November Rain&quot;) first pops up in &quot;Rocket Queen.&quot;  Admittedly it's a structural concept that was already about 15-20 years old in 1987, but it sure seemed creative compared to what else was around.<br />The rest of the album is pretty poor.  &quot;My Michelle&quot; has a great little guitar intro but the song itself is shrill and annoying.  &quot;You're Crazy&quot; is a good tune but it's played too fast; the version on &quot;Lies&quot; is better.  &quot;Think About You&quot; and the absurd sex-romp &quot;Anything Goes&quot; are best forgotten.<br />G'N'R never quite lived up to their potential after &quot;Appetite.&quot;  Their subsequent releases were sporadic and increasingly pretentious.  &quot;Lies&quot; was a nice little E.P. and featured one of their best songs (&quot;Patience&quot;), but &quot;Use Your Illusion&quot; took itself too seriously, trying to extend one album's worth of good music onto two bloated discs.  Sifting the wreckage of UYI 1&amp;2 we find some still-strong tunes -- &quot;Estranged&quot; with its ripping Slash guitarwork and lovely piano sections; &quot;Don't Cry,&quot; a simple ballad that looks weak only in comparison to &quot;Sweet Child&quot;; &quot;Civil War&quot; if one only ignores the preachy lyrics (Gee, Axl, is war really bad?  You're so wise!); &quot;Double Talking Jive&quot; with its flamenco guitar.  But we find too many good things gone awry.  &quot;November Rain&quot; was overproduced almost to death; &quot;Coma&quot; and &quot;Breakdown&quot; were potentially strong tracks that succumbed to self-indulgence and became mere interesting messes.  By 1992 Axl had become convinced that he was Elton John (or Freddy Mercury) and would ensconce himself behind a grand piano with a 300-piece orchestra in the wings, wafting his ego to Nirvana.<br />But all that vanishes when you put on Track #9 of &quot;Appetite For Destruction.&quot;  That wah-wah guitar stabs right into the base of the brain and you're gone, you're hypnotized, you're a slave to the music once more...
6304140711|5.0|In this taut thriller REESE WITHERSPOON is the pretty girl who catches MARK WAHLBERG'S eye, starting a intense relationship. but when she dumps him he turns out to be a total loony. He thinks her dad (William Petersen) and best friend (ALYSSA MILANO) are keeping her from him...
B0000029GA|5.0|I thought this piece was highly overrated until I finally took the time to listen deeply. The fact that Nas realeased this album at the age 20 is remarkable makin it seem like he's been there and done that. He talks about the experiences and street life and doesn't seem overdone at all. There's always a line in each song that hits me so hard and makes me wonder how in the worl did he think of that line? Like if he stole a book of quotes or something. This is REAL hip-hop. ILLMATIC is in the top 10 best Hip-Hop LP's of all time. The rest of the Nas albums don't compare to this one. So if you thought IT WAS WRITTEN, I AM... or NASTRADAMUS was tight, wait till you hear this one. JUST GET IT! You'll be glad you did.
B0000558LN|4.0|Piper Perabo as an exhibitionist with stage fright? Okay, so you can't just suspend your disbelief with this movie, you have to hang it up in the back closet and forget it even exists for two hours. But the beer flows freely, there's lots of T&amp;A for the guys and nipples-and-ripples for the ladies, and there's a highly improbable but very satisfying cameo by LeAnn Rimes belting out &quot;Can't Fight the Moonlight,&quot; a song that, come to think of it, is as slight yet satisfying as this movie is.<br />I won't go into the plot. Not that there's anything to give away, really, and it's secondary to the bar scenes and the music. But if you don't go into this movie expecting acting and an actual story, and just accept it for the on-screen party that it is, it can be a pretty enjoyable time and a great movie for getting down and dirty with your date.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I have just watched this movie, and I am writing this review while I'm still full.<br />This movie is truly uplifting, both content and animation-wise. <br />It describes the struggle of the creatures of the forest, to save their home, to save the trees and the animals. This struggle is a metaphor of today's industrial age, where man tries to find a balance between continued development, and environment. In my opinion, Mononoke was characterized masterfully, and induces instant sympathy (at least, it did for me).<br />The animation is superb; if you don't have any anime in your DVD/VHS collection, let this be the representative of the genre. I know I am very proud to own the DVD, which I will always like to watch again.<br />To borrow a phrase from the movie, &quot;watch with unclouded eyes&quot;, and it will blow you away.<br />One last word: this anime is NOT intended for children. It requires a grown-up person to understand it, and quite frankly, I am afraid not even all the adults will grasp the true meaning of this fable.
B000002JSP|4.0|This is a great cd.  It really shows the magic of Led Zeppelin. Fool in the Rain is an excellent song that every person would love. The only downside to the cd is that there is only 7 songs, but the quality of the songs make up for it.
B00004ZEQX|4.0|House by the cemetry was a great fulci movie with lots of blood and gore. Its about some dead guy in the basement who kills people who come down there. He slits a chicks neck so many times her head falls off. GREAT PRICE FOR A FULCI MOVIE! There were two bad things: 1. It said direct scene access ( go to your favorite scenes) thats a bunch of crap there are only 4 chapters in a 84 min. movie. But what do you expect Diamond entertainment made it. 2. that little kid named Bob in that movie that looks like a girl HE NEEDS TO DIE! other than that its a cool horror movie. I would have gave it 5 stars but that little kid in the movie made me change my mind.
0060931671|5.0|I started to read THE CRYING OF LOT 49 and didn't get very far. I was so irritated that this &quot;quick read&quot; was dense and challenging, not what I had expected. The main character (Oedipa Maas) is faced with a coincidence in every new situation, which made me think, &quot;there is no such thing as a coincidence if everything is a coincidence&quot;....right?  Near tearing the book apart, I put it down and sought help in reading reviews on Amazon. I learned that other people had trouble reading this book (validation), and that I would perhaps not &quot;get&quot; everything out of it from just one read. And so, I picked up where I left off. I read it as I had Faulkner, not trying to understand everything, and not expecting linearity. I found that with my new approach I really liked this book. I thought about it when I was not reading it &amp; laughed out loud at a lot of the incidental characters. Surprisingly, I even got used to Pynchon's writing style. Will I read it again for a deeper, additional level of understanding?........a positive maybe.
B000000H4V|5.0|Sepultura is(was) one of the best metal bands in the world.  This is in my opinion their best album recorded.  The album starts off with the song REFUSE/RESIST which has one of the most awesome guitar riffs in metal history.  The album then continues to the songs SLAVE NEW WORLD and TERRITORY which are simply awesome.  If your just starting to get into sep than your in for a real treat.
B000050XEI|5.0|After reading a few of the reviews of this new cd, I was hesitant to purchase it (&quot;same old, same old&quot;).  But that's the beauty of it - Enya still sounds like Enya.  If I wanted to hear Loreena McKennitt, I'd buy Loreena McKennitt (another favorite of mine).  Enya voice sounds as beautiful and as haunting as ever and I hope she never changes her style.  5 Stars for her.  My husband (Peter Gabriel fan that he is) found it charming as well.
B000002J0B|4.0|&quot;Led Zeppelin 4&quot; is definitely one of the best rock albums ever conceived.  It seemed almost impossible for Zeppelin to outdo their 1971 masterpiece, which went on to sell a whopping 16 million copies.  But after 15 months, the four wild men known as Led Zeppelin released their fifth album &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; in March 1973, their most ambitious piece of work.  Although there are a couple of flaws, it's still another great album.  Things start off in hard rock fashion with &quot;The Song Remanins the Same,&quot; a blazing opening number which features Jimmy Page and his trusty red and black double-necked guitar.  Then things calm down a bit with &quot;The Rain Song,&quot; a truly beautiful acoustic song which features Robert Plant at his lyrical best; sort of like a softer version of &quot;Stairway to Heaven.&quot;  &quot;Over the Hills and Far Away&quot; is pure classic Zep, with a great acoustic opener by Mr. Page.  &quot;The Crunge,&quot; a James Brown tribute, is kind of overdone but it makes me smile every time.  &quot;Dancing Days&quot; has catchy riffs and a killer chorus.  &quot;D'yer Mak'er&quot; has some cornball lovey-dovey lyrics and an uneven guitar solo from Jimmy Page, but at least the band was brave enough to record it.  After the first six tracks make you feel happy, &quot;No Quarter&quot; makes you feel like crap.  Featuring a creepy synthesizer, an energized drum kick, and Robert Plant singing in a low, frightening tone, &quot;No Quarter&quot; features some of John Paul Jones' best keyboard work, including his brilliant grand piano entrance.  Finally, Zep rocks even harder with &quot;The Ocean.&quot;  John Bonham rules this final track with furiously awesome drum beats (he even sings at the beginning!)  Even though &quot;D'yer Mak'er&quot; should've been more thought out and &quot;No Quarter&quot; should've been in Zep's next album &quot;Physhical Grafitti&quot; instead, &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; is still a perfect Led Zeppelin album--it's alive and ambitious.
B000001FJV|5.0|If you've never heard of music before and are thinking of trying it out, then you could do no better than buy this album. After spinning it on your turntable or CD platter sit down and do nothing other than listen (and, if on vinyl, turn over the disc). You won't need to listen to carefully as the music itself will grab you and transport you to a place where rhythms move and melodies soar. Horns, vocals, drums, bass, guitars. Make no mistake, this IS music. This is James Brown: your legions of funk bow down before the high general of soul. We await your musical orders.  Hit me!
B000002IXS|1.0|I'm sorry to say it but this album is just too much. For sure I don't have anything against Mme. Mathieu but to listen to this album makes me icredibley sad and for sure many other admireres of Piaf as well. Just to say that Mathieu did for sure her utmost to make this a &quot;good&quot; album. Many, especially outside of France think she sucseeded, me for sure I don't think so. For Mathieu Fans only - otherwise buy the original!
B00004X01U|5.0|this album, even more so than previous madonna albums showcases her undying love for both dance tracks and slow ballads. Starting off with a great tour de-force of Music, Impressive Instant, and Runaway Lover, she builds upon each until finally in runaway lover, Madonna loses herself to the beat she has created. You'd think with this kind of opening she would have an album full of dancey material. but madonna fans know better. if you want all dance tracks go buy a dj set cd. madonna likes to have things both ways. and &quot;music&quot; the album showcases this perfectly. not only do we have fast, rhythmic dance tracks like &quot;impressive instant&quot; but we also have slow gorgoeus ballads like &quot;what it feels like for a girl&quot; and some hybrids in the middle, like &quot;don't tell me&quot;. madonna has done it again. she's a pop GOD. nuff said.
0441003257|5.0|I have read this book too many times to count. I have bought at least 5 copies, because every time I &quot;lend&quot; it to someone, I never get it back! Not that I mind, it's one of the best books I've ever read and I'm just happy to get other people reading it. While GOOD OMENS is admitedly not for the humor impaired (or for those offended by religious satire), anyone with an operating funny bone will love this book.
0385491026|5.0|This multi-layered book about how childhood experiences impact on the rest of life's journey, tackles a subject rarely explored. This subject is how truly horrifying children's emotional cruelty to one another can be. Sure there have been lots of stories about English boys beating each other up, and inflicting nasty physical tortures on one another, but this book is a rarity because it tells of how little girls, as young as nine, inflict emotional torture on each other. There is much more to this book however. Cat's eye explores the whole life journey of a woman after these miserable childhood experiences, and her preoccupation throughout life with the \\"friend\\" who was the ringleader of these children's \\"reindeer games\\". None of what I have written so far describes how magnificent the prose and poetry of this book is. It explores many other topics such as art, marriage and old age. It is very much a novel that is primarily of interest to women which may be why it didn't win the Booker Prize. It's my favorite book in the world, except perhaps for the Robber Bride also by Atwood.
0060930187|3.0|While &quot;The Bell Jar&quot; is well-written its portrayal of psychiatric care is rather out-dated. Stays in hospitals are often reduced to a few weeks or even days by insurance companies. Electroshock therapy is not as commonly used as a &quot;cure.&quot; <br />Other than that, I thought this was a good book, though a bit tedious at times.
0679879269|5.0|I have read a variety of fiction, and have never been drawn to read one author's books as I am compelled to read those by Philip Pullman. The Amber Spyglass is a riveting culmination to His Dark Materials trilogy.  When I first encountered The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife, I was skeptical as to whether the third and final book in the trilogy would live up to the standards set by the previous two. Well, I should never have doubted Philip Pullman's ability to weave yet another incredible story with the outrageous characters encountered in The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife.  Any lingering questions of motivation or origination are answered. Lyra knows that she has a destiny that must be fullfilled and she and Will attempt to find out what it is.  With the Church still trying to frustrate their mission, Lyra and Will must gather their courage and make decisions that will impact their lives and the lives of others.  Whom can you trust when both the Church and Lord Asriel are dispatching spies to track the children?  Who is more powerful, Lord Asriel and his allied Angels, or the Church with the Authority and Metatron?  The Amber Spyglass will keep you on the edge of your seat.  The story incorporates aspects of betrayal, loyalty, friendship, hatred, and love.  The Amber Spyglass is full throttle Philip Pullman at his best.
B00004XOWM|1.0|I was never a fan of limp bizkit's and I just decided to give this CD a listen, maybe give these guys a chance. Big mistake. This CD starts of with fred's constant repeating of the f-word followed by his making fun of trent reznor, someone who if fred was given 300 years to match up to, he wouldnt be able to do it. I am a lyricist myself and I just never seem to find room in my music to include as many swear words as fred or eminem. This proves they have no lyrical talent whatsoever, and the public is just swallowing it whole. Fred wrote lyrics about girls on his first two records, but now it's about ghetto crap. What the hell is &quot;rollin rollin rollin rollin&quot;? Does fred think he's black now? The band is amazing and talented, but fred makes the entire band suck. This is again the worst limp bizkit record, and probably the best selling. Do yourself a favor and buy some great music like deftones or sevendust. And please do not EVER say how good america is in my presence, if all the youth is getting their hands on is gangsta rap, boybands, and this garbage that durst likes to call music.
6305949980|5.0|I love &quot;Nightmare&quot; - it's one of my all-time favorite animated films - but I have to admit that to me, the best thing on this DVD is Burton's early short film, &quot;Vincent&quot;.  The animation is very similiar to that of &quot;Nightmare&quot; and you can see early reflections of Jack and Sally in Vincent's imaginary world.  But the best part of this 5-1/2 minute short is hearing Burton's hero, Vincent Price, once more.  He reads this charming poem about 7-year-old Vincent Malloy's longing to be &quot;just like Vincent Price&quot; and the smothered glee in his voice as he tells how the child delightedly dreams of dipping his aunt in wax for his wax museum brought a huge smile to my face.  There was only once Vincent Price and fans can get a little time with him here.<br />Of course, the DVD's focal point is &quot;Nightmare&quot; itself, which shines.  I went to see this repeatedly when it originally came out in theatres, so delighted was I with the story and the character of Jack (and the three vampires - watch for the scene where they play ice hockey - the original puck they used was a model of Burton's head but it got replaced by a pumpkin).  Oogie Boogie's character is still a bit shallow to me - I never have quite gotten his &quot;motivation&quot; - but that doesn't matter.  The entire film is still great!<br />And there is still that great moment when the parents ask one kid, &quot;Well, what did Santa [Jack Skellington] bring you?&quot; and the kid pulls out ... oh, well, watch the DVD.  You'll see.
B00000DFKF|5.0|This was a CD that I have fallen in love with.  Although I much prefer Vikernes' synth albums [such as Hlidskjaf] to any of his Black Metal albums, this is one of the best Metal albums I have ever listened to.  Knowing me, listening to anything Rock/Metal is one of my favorite pasttimes.  And saying I like this album a lot says a whole lot, also.<br />I can see that people don't like what Vikernes has done, and I can respect that.  It isn't the man we are judging here, but it is his music.  Many of his songs range from screaming vocals to mellow pieces.  In this collection, I find that &quot;Feeble Screams From Forests Unknown&quot;, &quot;War&quot;, and &quot;The Crying Orc&quot;  are my favorite songs.<br />It is not just the music I am judging from, but the quality of the lyrics.  I am a poet myself, and I see many meanings behind the lyrics to each of Vikernes's songs.  The words are invigorating, and the strength behind them really made an impact on me.<br />If you're looking for some thrash metal to say your message of &quot;Heil Satan&quot;, this isn't your place.  Don't even bother buying this album, for that isn't worth it.  But if you are looking for some quality Black Metal, this is one of my first choices.<br />Wotan mit uns!
0767002652|4.0|I'd never seen this series before - it came highly recommended to me by my husband, who really wanted to own the set.  Needless to say, he got it for Christmas this year but I confess a certain self-serving motivation for giving it to him:  I wanted to see what all the fuss was about, being a huge fan of &quot;Masterpiece Theatre&quot; for years.<br />We completed the First Season last night and I'm hooked.  The writing is terrific and all the performances are enchanting.  My particular favorites are Mr. Hudson, the butler, and Rose, played by the gifted and gorgeous Jean Marsh.<br />The print quality of the videos is excellent overall, but I know that I shall be buying the series again when it comes out on DVD, as I'm sure some jerking of the picture (mostly in the credits, never in the performance itself) and other flaws will be removed as far as possible.<br />The social structures of both the wealthy class and the servant class are jarring, especially to an early 21st-century viewer.  We have come quite a long way from that time when a servant must &quot;know his place&quot;.  Yet, it wasn't just they who had to know who they were and what place they occupied in the world:  in many ways, the wealthy were just as trapped in their positions - if not moreso - than the servants who ran their lives.  And make no mistake - the servants DID run things if this series is to be believed.<br />This is a series the whole family will enjoy and one which can provide a wonderful introduction to social customs and structures of early 20th century England.  Well worth the financial investment.<br />We start the Second Season in our house tonight!
B000000OMJ|5.0|This is by far my favorite Peter Gabriel album and as was pointed out its a work of genius.  The songs are all unique and strongly textured with haunting topics and lyrics.  Its not the type of album that you'll put on for a drive thru the country.  Its probably best served on a walkman while riding the school bus with a generous helping of chilled teenage angst.<br />Although not something I listen to recently its definitely top 10 in my all time list.  A work of art!
0140177396|5.0|I like it. The narration was simple but vivid; the characters were crude but touching; and the story was short but long lasting. I enjoyed seeing how the relationship between George and Lenny had become. It's one of the classics and well worth considered as 'classic.' It touched upon the human spirits, upon our needs for companionship, our needs for emotional support, our needs for things other than food, clothes and shelter. I believe Steinbeck drew a lot of materials from his years as a laborer. It well depicted the depression during that time period.   Those who gave it one star should have looked deeper beyond just the story of who did what, when, but looked more carefully at WHY. George shot Lenny because he knew too well that others would certainly punish him and in the process torture might even be unavoidable. Since George cared for Lenny so much, he decided to prevent all that from happening himself. The gun he used was the same one used to kill the old dog. Why? Because it's a metaphor. Lenny was depicted as a parallel to the dog: of being no use and no one wanted it/him except the owner.  The end touched me and I did cry for George and Lenny. It's very true that a lonely heart can kill a person. That's one of the reasons George was with Lenny.  To me the book is well worth reading.
B0000524E5|5.0|For any adventurous one who has ever dreamed of stepping into the unknown to pursue the impossible career in NYC, this movie restores interest and builds inspiration.  Against an invigorating, exciting, adrenaline-pumping soundtrack lies a sweet romantic story that is extremely entertaining, what with all the bar-top dancing and kickin' wardrobes.  The guys loved the models in skin-baring, shot-pouring mode, while the girls loved the cute boy, and the good-girl-with-a-rebel-flair element.  Absolutely Rocks!
B000002ADT|5.0|Ahh... Kind of Blue.  How does a true jazz fan find words to describe this album that &quot;must have been made in heaven.&quot;? (drummer Jimmy Cobb.)  Everyone who's anyone is on this record, from Trane to Bill Evans to Cannonball and of course Miles (not to mention the magnificent human metronoms that are Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb.)  So What and Flamenco Sketches are two of the greatest songs ever recorded, with Blue and Green close behind (if it had not already been recorded by Evans.)  Still the greatest ever though, and this is from someone who owns the (almost) complete Bill Evans, Ornette Coleman, and John Coltrane libraries.  Magnificent.
B00003XB8K|4.0|Michael Cretu has proved himself a master of the &quot;weird music&quot; as my office mates call it. I call it pure genius. With Enigma 4, he does not disappoint. Though not as brilliant as the original (they never are), Enigma 4 delivers up some interesting creations of musical landscapes starting off great, fading a bit in the middle tracks and ending good though a little short ended...the only negative criticism I have about the CD is the harshness of Cretu's voice which tends to distract from the songs...Overall a B-....A great new artist I found with similar music is &quot;Digital Moodz&quot; at mp3.com, check it out....
B000006OS2|1.0|It is a toss-up between &quot;McClintock!&quot; and &quot;The Quiet Man&quot; for our all time favorite John Wayne movie, so we were very excited to be able to order them both for our new DVD player.   Re: &quot;McClintock!&quot;  What a disapointment!  The quality (and I use the term loosely) of this DVD, released by &quot;Good Times Video&quot; is horrible.  Wait for an authorized copy, released by the studio!  WE will not buy anything released by Good Times Video again.
052594527X|4.0|A protagonist you can connect with, this is the fictionalized account of the girl in the painting.  She lives in Painter's house, a matriarchial household that recognizes her worth to Painter, and yet conversely and more importantly, the danger of her allure.  Girl seeks to do the right thing and yet the dance between Painter and his muse is charged with longing for intimacy, understanding, appreciation and sexual desire.  What should we make of Girl's self-mutilation as she forces Wife's pierced pearl earring through her virgin ear as her Painter requests?  Buy this book.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Limp Bizkit is the band you hate to love. Basically, my thoughts on this CD is that it's at its best when Fred keeps himself restrained and sings decent lyrics, as in &quot;My Way&quot;, or &quot;The One&quot;, which is a great mellow track which follows the footsteps of &quot;Rearranged&quot;...The annoyance comes in when Fred proudly announces that he has used the word f$#k 46 times, mocks NIN lyrics,(Hot Dog), or repeats the name of his band (just about every song) in case you didn't know it. There are some truly grating raps in &quot;Full Nelson&quot; and &quot;Livin' it Up,&quot; and this is a recurring theme throughout, but &quot;Rollin'&quot; rides a guitar riff so powerful it overcomes the nonsense. I still give it four stars because the band consistently rocks like few others today. Significant Other, however, will in the end stand as the better album and a signpost of the times.
B00004XONN|5.0|1. Yes, for Radiohead, this is a huge move forward. 2. Lack of guitars/plethora of keyboard does not equate to dull, ambient art-rock musings. 3. Is not directionless. 4. Birth/confusion springing from; the concept. 5. Will take time to grow. Kid A gets better all the time. 6. Scale larger than OK Computer, where details were small. Here, details are large- the overall picture is vital.  7. Beautiful, modern art work. 8. A brave, powerful album from the most respected band in the world; braver than U2's effort; withstands more play. 9. A transition album. Forthcoming Amnesiac will solidify Radiohead's status.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Limp Bizkit's latest, Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water, is a high energy CD with a rap, rock, futuristic feel.  My fave tracks are The One, My Generation, Take a Look Around and I found Outro hilarious once it starts laughing at the end, my friend and I couldn't stop laughing.  The lyrics, while not totally deep or profound, fit with Limp Bizkit's style, so if you like rap rock music thats good to groove to, you should like this.
0060196122|5.0|Paulo Coelho's new novel is beautful - both in the writing and the story being told.  I first read Coelho's Alchemist and was blown away by the simplicity of his writing style and the beauty that he elicited through the weaving his tale.  His novels always leave a wonderful glow behind and Veronika Decides To Die is no different.<br />Veronica suffers from malaise and decides that she would be better off dead.  Veronika commits suicide and is shocked to awaken in Villete, a well known mental hospital,  only to be told that while she was not successful in dying she has committed herself to death as her attempt at suicide has damaged her heart and she now has a few days left to live.<br />During this week, Veronika gets to know the other patients at Villete, from the Dr. Igor to Zedka, Mari, Eduard and the Fraternity.  Each person has something to share with Veronkia - who in time comes to learn the joy pain of life and all of the emotions in between.  <br />Readers will enjoy this trip of self discovery as it speaks to all of us.  I certainly left this book with more than I went into it with.  It really moved me and has made me think - about life, love, happiness, despair and so much more.  I look forward to more beautfully provocative and thought provoking work from Paulo Coelho.
B000003CKH|5.0|This is perhaps, perhaps, perhaps, one of the best albums I have ever heard.  It was introduced to me by a friend from school who said was the greatest band he'd ever heard.  Only a few listens and I decided that he was absolutely right.  No album has a better song-to-song flow than Fashion Nugget.  Beginning with Frank Sinatra, and sliding effortlessly from song to song, with gems such as the House-of-the-Rising-Sunnish-Friend is a Four Letter Word, the big hit-Going the Distance, the greatest remake ever-I Will Survive, and other great songs like Stickshifts and Safetybelts, Perhaps, Perhaps, Perhaps, Daria, Open Book, Race Car Ya-Ya's, Italian Leather Sofa, and Sad Songs and Waltzes. My friend, I will be calling you more than just four-letter words, if you don't go the distance and buy this album, I don't think I will survive.
B00003CXC7|5.0|How else can you describe the quality of this movie. This movie, in my opinion is the best Hitchcock film ever.
0375500901|5.0|This was a very entertaining novel.  The characters were interesting, and the twists keep you wondering what next. Gabriel Allon is the quintessential &quot;good&quot; guy.  A definitely good read.
B0000524CY|4.0|I am a big fan of the movie in general and the additional footage enhances the film.  I prefer the original ending but that's a minor point.     If a person can own just one version, I would go for the 25th aniversary edition.  It does not have the additional footage but it has a fantastic 78 minute documentary about the making of the movie.  In fact,  the documentary is almost as interesting as the movie!
B000002UAO|5.0|It is probably impossible to add more plaudits to the Beatles but this album is a very personal one to me so I have to say something.  &quot;In My Life&quot; is quite possibly the best song ever written and is it is my all-time favorite song. The musicianship is impeccable and the song soars with George Martin's baroque piano solo.  Was Ringo's drumming ever better?        This song operates on so many levels---it is about friendship, lost love, new love, love of one's hometown, love of one's family, I mean the song can be applied to almost any person in your life.  I've asked my sons to ensure that this song is played at my funeral some day because it says what I would want my loved ones to know at the end of my life.
0385486804|4.0|Throughout life there are times when a combination of stupidity and bad luck just align against you....sometimes it's not fatal but other times it is.  Christopher McCandless appears to have been on a personal search for something which he couldn't find in main stream society.  John Krakauer does a good job of documenting that search from his life in the East, to Western farms where McCandless worked as a labor, to his time at Slab City near Yuma.  (After reading the book I was passing through Yuma and tried to find this city but never did)  It's obvious that Chris was unprepared for the environment of the far north and he seems to have been fully aware of that lack of preparation by hauling books like \\"War and Peace\\" into the wilds rather than life sustaining supplies.  But to not be cognizant of the potential for the environment to change around you over time is simply ignorant.  In the case of this well written book which documents the demise of Chris, it was fatal.  This book was written before \\"Into Thin Air\\" but you can still see John Krakauer's early training as a journalist starting to come through.  The book is easy to read and  keeps your attention regardless of the fact that you know how it ends.
B000005J48|5.0|I was captivated by this recording after hearing bits of it on the radio. It grabs you by the lapels.... and then it grows on you. These readings of Piazzola's works are not as urbane as Yo-Yo Ma's, not as dignified as the Eroica Trio's, but I'm gonna stick my non-Argentine neck out &amp; say these Russian &amp; French musicians (consummate artists; this is no sloppy-but-soulful performance) are closer to what I've grown to see as Piazzola's mournful, peculiar, desperate, perverse spirit. These are not tango arrangements for the faint of heart.
B000002J1F|2.0|I was really amazed to find so many rave reviews about this album and that is what prodded me to give this album a try.In fact this is the second Yes album I am listening to, the first being Big Generator.Rest assured I am a fan of other Progressive bands such as Tull,King Crimson,Gentle Giant etc.I think the major problem with yes is Jon anderson's vocals which I feel is more suitable for pop music.Also the music seems to be extremely pretentitious and artificial lacking any sense of direction or harmony.There is a mishmash of pop,classical and hard rock and these are blended incoherently, unlike other prog bands that I mentioned above,thus resulting in cacaphony.Now, I have come to believe that  Yes is one of the most overrated bands in the prog rock circuit.Rest assured, this  album is definitely a shade better than Big Generator.
B00000AFFF|5.0|I can't say enough good about this CD. One after another, the tunes are solid. Each one very memorable, not one loser in the bunch. The arrangements are interesting and colorful, great orchestrations and performances. I have heard complaints about Elvis' voice, but I find it to be passionate and just raw enough to give this recording some real guts. The disk is reminiscent of the Bacharach we all remember, but with more depth and maturity. I have listened to this over and over and have not tired of it in the least. One of the top albums I have heard in ages. Buy it!
B00004SU5J|2.0|There is very little originality on this album. Relentlessly copying and abusing old jazz &amp; blues recordings doesn't quite cut it in my view. Why this album gets so much acclaim is beyond me; the samples are almost without exception cheesy and the arrangements boring to the core. There is extremely little musical interest in this album, even considering its purpose (lounging). People who like the sound of old jazz and blues had better buy the original stuff. <br />The only reason I gave this album two stars instead of just one is because of the technical mastery of the producers. They surely know their stuff, but I think they could do much  better than this.
0789723107|5.0|Krug has done what so many others have tried: written a short, concise book with examples that actually offers both food for thought and answers to practical questions. If you're looking to revamp an existing site and you are wondering if this or that idea will work, Krug will most likely be able to offer a hint or two.<br />The exquisite design of the book itself and Krug's style of writing makes it a pleasure to sit down and read, and since he does not get bogged down with long-winded discussions about browser-compatibility and other tech details, he can focus on the topic at hand: usability.<br />For anyone who enjoys Jacob Nielsen's alert newsletters, this is the perfect bookshelf companion.
B00004XMVH|3.0|U-571 does well in recreating the cramped, nervous world of the WWII submariner.  Clearly, a lot of research was put into this aspect of the film.  The opening act with the sub's German crew making a torpedo run on a cargo ship was especially well done.  The action sequences were exciting provided one overlooked the impossibility of ten or so Americans successfully manning a German submarine designed for a crew of sixty.  Similarly, someone on the set must have thought that firing a torpedo is just a point and shoot affair rather than a wonderfully refined mathematical process.  Trying to ignore this and some of the other plot holes became somewhat distracting for me.  But the acting was credible and the film remained interesting to the end. Still, wouldn't it be great if we reached a point where the obligatory &quot;German's machine-gunning civilians scene&quot; could be omitted from movies like this?
6305892806|4.0|I'm not one of those that views original source material as sacred text, where interpretation is limited to costume and set design. So many claim Austen's sensibilities for their own that it becomes more interesting to see these interesting ideas.<br />As for me, I like my Austen a little grotty (my favorite Austen-flick being &quot;Persuarsion&quot;), so the grim and disturbing looking characters at Mansfield Park as well as the Price residence are magic. The director's choice to place the story in socio-economic context (wealth earned through slave-powered plantations) as well as the author's gendered/economic context both works and fails.<br />Where the movie lets down is in the underplayed and jerky character development, which seems to be less the fault of the actors and more the result of scripting decisions. Most glaring is the rather sudden transformation of Embeth Davidtz character.<br />This is still a fun film, and a worthy adaptation.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I hate to break it to you folks, but an early press release on this album reported that NONE of the tracks were going to be remastered, unlike the &quot; Yellow Submarine songtrack.&quot; All in all, because things like Elanor Rigby had just appeared on that album I feel it would have been wiser to include Strawberry Fields Forever instead, as well as Revolution. These songs appeared on singles in the UK as well as the US, and Yellow Sub/elanor did not.  Also, several of these tracks, as great as they are, did not actually make #1.    Let's face it, they were amazing! The last thing I want to sound like is someone complaining, but it's a matter of logistics, I guess. Who can really pick what they think are the top Beatle songs and STILL be able to fit them all on one cd? It's next to impossible and I think this release is the closest thing we can get. Everyone has thier personal favorites.     Hopefully, maybe next fall, we will see a &quot;2&quot; released, as a perfect compliment, incuding songs like: I Saw Her Standing There, Please Please Me, If I Fell, All My Loving, And I Love Her, Don't Let Me Down, I Am The Walrus, In My Life, Girl, Here, There &amp; Everywhere, Here Comes The Sun, Fool On The Hill, Sgt. Pepper/A Day In The Life, Back In The USSR, and a few others. for those of you just buying your first Beatle CD, I suggest the folowing as your next purchases: A Hard Day's Night, Abbey Road, Revolver, Rubber Soul, Past Masters Volume 2, Sgt. Pepper, and The Beatles (the &quot;white&quot; album).     Anyone interested in thier solo work, I suggest: Wings' Greatest, Ram, Band On The Run,Tug Of war, Flaming Pie (Paul) Imagine, Plastic Ono Band, Lennon Legend, Walls &amp; Bridges (John),  All Things Must Pass, Cloud Nine, 33 &amp; 1/3, &amp; George Harrison,(George), and Blast From Your Past, Vertical Man, &amp; RINGO (guess who?)
B00004XPP0|5.0|I haven't been a fan for that long, but ever since my cousin got me into these fantastic and imaginative movies, I had been looking all over for them on video. Finally it's released again! It would be great if they came out on DVD, but for now I'm happy to have them on VHS.
B00003CWL6|3.0|Rent this movie first and if you like it buy if not don't!
B000000OQY|4.0|Appetite For Destruction was a classic hard rock adrenalin rush that'll never be surpassed. How the hell do u follow up that ? Go the other way...<br />The 4 live tracks i'm not going to comment on really. They're all pretty good and the cover of Mama Kin rules, but they seem to be only here for nostalgia purposes.<br />Whats interesting tho is the accoustic tracks. Now I'm not really into accoustic stuff, thats why I didn't buy this album for ages, but upon listening, some of their best stuff is at the end of this album. I don't think any other band could pull of using accoustics and make it sound heavy, or as dark as the second half of this CD is.<br />Patience is a great ballad. It's so calm, which is normally only a bad thing but it's powerful lyrically. A lot of people don't like Used To Love Her. Why ? It's hilarious! Mysogynistic - yes, but it's only a joke damn it. You're Crazy is much slower than the version on Appetite, yet it's still very listenable even accoustic. One In A Million is just a killer track tho. A masterpiece which never got the recognition it deserved ont eh grounds that is was racist and homophobic. Some people are so dumb...<br />The almbum is worth buyin just for the accoustic's and the whole thing is very thought out and very clever. I don't think there's much on here you could describe as filler so it's worth lookin into. The follow up two albums are better tho...
B00004RHZU|4.0|I think Pink is a very good singer, but she needs to work on the vocals!  She will never match up to Mariah Carey or Whitney Houston.  Her songs kind of repeat eachother.  It's the same ol' &quot;men are sheep&quot; songs.  It is a very good CD but she needs to work on it.  I hate when Pink talks on and on about Madonna.  You'd think Madonna had saved her life!  She says &quot;Madonna this, Madonna that.&quot; She probably says it because she will never match up to Madonna
B00003003R|4.0|G'N'R' were one of the best live bands ever. I don't think I've ever seen a band with as much energy as they had. Sadly thats not reflected on this disc tho. Some of the tracks selected to be put on here aren't very good, but in a way that reflects the way the band slowly and sadly dissolved away...<br />Only one of Axl's infamous rants is included on here where he slags off people in the front row (which is quite amusing). They should have included more tho as some of them are hilarious. The first CD is the best and is a five star rating itself. Patience see's the whole crowd singing along with Axl. Nightrain is thankfully the extra long version witha  hilarious intro! November Rain is aweseome live tho as it features Axl's awesome piano solo intro, it sounds much more raw than the album version. Used To love her is way better than the album versio being played by way of Electric guitar rather than accoustic. I confess I never liked Dust N' Bones till I heard it on here. If u want proff that G'N'R' sounded better live than in the studio, look no further than that track.<br />CD 2 is flawed tho...Badly. In fact the album as a whole could have been mastered better. I think they sounded better as bootlegs. What they've done instead is tryed to make them sound like they were recorded all on the same night to get a continuity feel to it and as a result some of the mastering is a bit off. The guitar's on Estranged sound pants which is a shame as it's a great song. Out Ta Get me is a prime example of Axl out of breath, but then you try gettin up and singin for two hours and see how u feel! Pretty Tied up is another example of 'better live'. Some of the other tracks suck tho. Paradise City sounds quite good, but again the mastering is off. Sweet Child O' Mine is probably the worst version of the song I've ever heard. They should have taken it from the club Ritz. Knockin On Heavens Door ain't that good either, why didn't they stick Civil War on instead? That was one of their best when done live. Don't Cry is surprisingly better, but the G'N'R' masterpiece You Could Be Mine is what sells this CD. Sure you've heard better versions, but you've never heard Axl sing it like this. He sings it really dark and growly. Almost Alice Cooperesque (not a bad thing!).<br />It's not perfect. The mastering really lets it down and yes some of the song versions they chose really suck (Sweet Child O' Mine there is no excuse for), but minus these flaws you'll see how good G'N'R were when they were live. Minus the flaws this is their second best album and the last chance you'll see of the original line up. Personally I'd go with the live videos but make no mistake - G'N'R' rock better on here than they did in the studio.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|This movie is bad. Way to go Nick, another fine piece of hollywood trash under your belt.
078401213X|5.0|It'll blow your mind even without a head full of acid.
0060194995|5.0|I own this book and believe me this is one outstanding book. I remember reading it in grade school. I still read it. This book taught me a lot of things about how people lived in Harper Lee's time. It demonstrated how she lived. This book opened my eyes and my heart to the world around me. I very much enjoyed reading it. While I was reading the book I felt like I was there seeing what was going on.  I suggest you read it and see for yourself what a fanastic book this is.
B00001NFCY|4.0|&quot;Human Clay&quot; is an excellent CD.  But if you're like me, all you've probably heard on the radio is &quot;Higher&quot; and &quot;With Arms Wide Open.&quot;  I bought this CD expecting the rest of the songs to have the same meaningful lyrics and pop-rock beat.  Well, the first part is true.  The lyrics are great, especially if you read along (they're included).  The rest of the songs have more of a solid rock sound.  Still good, but much different then what I expected.  If you're interested in buying this CD, I'd suggest listening to some of Amazon's samples, especially &quot;What If.&quot;  This gives you a good idea of some of the more alternative tracks.  Overall, a good CD and I would recommend it.
6305014140|4.0|Lo que me fascino de esta pelicula fue la historia tan original que presenta, sin embargo, lo que me decepciono fue que los enfrentamientos son demasiado cortos. An asi, le verdad es que vale la pena echarle un vistazo. Definitivamente no es una pelcula para nios, incluye desnudos, escenas de sexo y violacin, asi como lenguaje explicito. Toma esto en cuenta antes de adquirirla o exhibirla ante tus amistades.
B00004Z4UW|2.0|Nice to know that my two cents will not be buried. . . .<br />*The Matrix*, directed by Larry and Andy Wachowski, is a purposefully non-user-friendly movie.  The directors make no effort to reach out to a general audience:  if you're not familiar with the terminology of  &quot;graphic&quot;  novels, geeky cyber-fi, and if you're under the age of, say, 40, then to hell with you.  Besides, as the film studios well know, the biggest audience for movies are boys between 14 and 21, which begs the question:  why BOTHER reaching out?  If you don't fit the demographic, who cares?  You're irrelevant.<br />The movie is about a guy named Neo  (get it?  as in  &quot;One&quot; -- this is typical of the depth of thought that went into this story)  who is slowly awakened to the fact that the life he's been leading has all along been a fictional computer construct.  For the benefit of those in the audience who'd been forced -- kicking and screaming -- to read  &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot;  in college, Neo is shown the  &quot;true&quot;  reality by swallowing a red pill, provided by a small group of reality-renegades led by Laurence Fishburne.  There are other allusive candies for the smart set:  Neo, for reasons unclear to him, gets dragged away and interrogated by interchangeable bureaucrats  (think Kafka); even the very ending hints at Wagnerian opera.  But rest assured:  there's nothing very intellectual going on here -- only proof that the Wachowskis received a liberal education.<br />Needless to say, many of the plot elements fail to hold up under scrutiny.  Just for starters, you would be a chronic cripple if you lay in a coma for 20 or so years, but that's just one minor item the story breezes over.  The directors ask you to suspend your disbelief over a grand canyon of impossibilities, illogical plot mechanisms, on and on.  To top it all off, we're given howlingly irrealistic special effects -- these characters commence flying all over the place; they get shot, fall down, dust it off, and continue kickboxing; they hang suspended in mid-air . . . evidently they're made to resemble the video-game characters whom the targeted audience spends so much time with.  The Wachowski brothers aren't merely directing a movie; they're putting on The Greatest SHOW On Earth.  Well, as P.T.  Barnum once said, &quot;There's a sucker born every minute.&quot;
B000053ZRR|5.0|Ver este concierto me hizo acordarme de los viejos tiempos en los que Bon Jovi reinaba el mundo del hard rock con sus discos Slippery When Wet y New Jersey. Practicamente cubre todos los discos de esta famosa agrupacin de Jersey (a mi juicio si hubieran incluido la cancion Blaze of Glory no le faltaria nada). Concierto lleno de mucha energia y excelente musica, y si tomas en cuenta que esta en DVD, la verdad es que vale la pena el gasto, an y si no eres fan de Bon Jovi. Altamente recomendable, no te arrepentiras.
0790729644|5.0|This is the best western ever!  Clint Eastwood stars as a washed up old time outlaw turned pig farmer who is after a bounty from vengeful prostitutes.  He and Gene Hackman shine throughout the film and Freeman gives a respectable performance.  The final scene between Hackman and Eastwood is the highlight of the film.
0553106635|5.0|I can't remember ever reading a 900+-page novel and feeling that it was a little too short --- until now. Martin starts A Storm Of Swords with five or six balls already in the air, and, before the reader or the rotating cast of characters can catch them, tosses a few flaming brands and some sharpened throwing knives in with the balls. With the exception of a few breath-catching pauses, this novel hurtles head-long to the climax at a pace that would seem impossible to maintain over the course of a work this long.<br />I thought that Game of Thrones was the best epic fantasy I'd read since The Lord of the Rings, but I was disappointed in Clash of Kings, which seemed ponderously slow, disjointed, heavily padded, and filled with characters acting out of character, or just reacting instead of acting. But with A Storm Of Swords, Martin has redeemed himself, and possibly even surpassed the complexity, epic scope, and realism of Game of Thrones.<br />But the true strength of Storm, and indeed of the entire series, lies in Martin's exceptional gift for bringing the characters to life. With the exception of a few false notes in Clash of Kings, the second volume in the series, the characters, heroes and villains alike, are well-drawn, fully realized, and grow and change as the story progresses. The fact that the villains go through as much character growth as the heroes, and that their motivations are as carefully thought out, is what initially made the series stand out in my mind. By the close of the third book, the lines between &quot;good&quot; and &quot;evil&quot; have been blurred as Martin explores all the shades of grey that make up the spectrum of human nature, revealing the dark deeds that so-called good men will stoop to when their pride is hurt, and the nobility that the evilest of men can find rising to the surface, surprising even themselves. <br />Be warned -- don't fall in love with any of these people. I've never seen any author so completely willing to put tothe axe a character that seems at first glance to be the lynchpin of a major story arc, and then do it again, and again, and again. <br />In A Song of Ice and Fire, Martin is showing us what a top-notch writer, writing at the top of his form, can create within the boundaries of epic fantasy. In doing so, he is stretching those boundaries, raising the bar on what epic fantasy is and what it should be. Only time (and the last three volumes of the series) will tell, but we may be witnessing the creation of the next great modern fantasy classic, a work that will influence and inspire future generations of writers in the same way that another &quot;R.R.&quot; influenced and inspired the last generation.
0783240287|4.0|At first I thought this movie would be very long and boring, but from beginning to end I was surprised more and more at the entertainment delivered by this film. Donny Osmond's performance shines above all as well as the Pharoh &quot;Elvis&quot; Scene.
079070546X|5.0|Wanna laugh, like a bit of sarcasm? Relax and enjoy Christmas with the most idiot family of America. Of ALL Americas. Funnier than their Europe trip.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I think that Britney is one of the most outstanding, sweetest, most talented, gorgeous astists of our generation. However, judging from some of the criticism she gets, there are obviously some people who don't like her. My theroy is that these people are jealous of her looks, fame, talent, fortune, and boyfriend! If I was an insecure teenage girl, I might dislike Brintey too just because she has got it all. But luckily, I am not that judgemental and I can appreciate Britney without being jealous of her. This album absolutely rocks, so don't listen to anyone who will tell you different because they must have serious issues if they can take time out of there day to come on a site and leave bad reviews. I found one user who had left 30 one-star reviews for this album alone, 30! Clearly, these people have serious issues and must be so insecure just because Britney is so well-liked and they aren't. Well, that's my psychology lesson for the day, but the real truth is that this is a great album and it is sure to sell millions and be remembered for a long time!
158234082X|5.0|I would gladly trade 20 years of my life as me for 10 years as Tony Bourdain. This guy has more mojo and attitude than I can even dream of. Food, wine, drugs and sex. This is life to me.
B00004SCX6|5.0|If you think that liking britney Spears music means you  are superficial or have bad taste in music, think again. The music on this album is some of the finest crafted, amazing music out there today. Britney's team obviously worked very hard on every song. It is very difficult to combine all of the elements of the bass, beat, treble, and voice effects in to a song, and they have certinly mastered modern music in this album. My pics are Stronger, What U See is What U Get, Can't Make U Love Me, Lucky, Satisfaction, and Oops (of course). I pretty much just named the whole album, but all of the tracks are very good! If you are into music, this album won't disappoint. But if you are just into rap n stuff, then why are you here? Great album!
B00001NFCY|5.0|I just want to say that I had first heard the song &quot;My own Prison&quot; when it first came out and immediately  wanted to know who this band was.  I then bought the album within a couple of days not knowing any songs and realized that this they not only rocked, but was also pleasant to listen to.  I'm glad to see that there is finally some music with substance and a band with talent making it today.  There is so much crap out there like Marlyn Manson, Limp Biscuit and Eminem.  These group do nothing but distort young impressionable kids that don't have much direction in the first place into negative feelings and outlooks on life.  They will never have a lasting impact like Creed will have on their listeners!
B000000I3O|5.0|This is defenatly a good album. All the songs, and I mean all of them are excellent. I've been a misfits fan for about a year now and the misfits are one of the greates punk band in history.If you are a new misfits fan you should defenatly get this as your first misfits album. I know I did. :)
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This cd is the perfect starter for new beatle fans.  I had heard about the Beatles so much that i really wanted to get into them.  So i got this cd for christmas and i was hooked!  I love all the songs and it has made me fall in love with these guys!  All of the songs are catchy and just make me happy and i have to sing along!  for anyone wanted a good taste of the Beatles this is right for you!
B000003N7R|5.0|One couldn't find two more different artists stylistically than Coltrane and Ellington, but that difference emerges as a positive on this great release. Ellington's spare, understated piano offers a satisfying contrast to Coltrane's torrential tenor and soprano.<br />In fact, if you expected Coltrane to put his technique under wraps for this session, you're in for a surprise. To the contrary, this recording finds the saxophonist at his powerful best on &quot;Take the Coltrane,&quot; &quot;The Feeling of Jazz,&quot; &quot;Stevie,&quot; and &quot;Big Nick.&quot; Ellington frequently comps early in Trane's solos, then lays out while Coltrane rips away over bass and drums.<br />The concentration of Trane's solo statements is also satisfying on this release. There are no extended improvisations, a la the Village Vanguard performances. The brevity is in no way a minus. Each solo seems a perfectly formed statement; the sound is contained in a smaller framework, but that containment increases its power.<br />As usual, a ballad offers some of Coltrane's finest moments. &quot;In a Sentimental Mood&quot; shows how closely he and Ellington were in touch during the session. Coltrane honors the song and its composer with an attentive reading that draws attention to the song's beauty rather than to his own technique. <br />If I've said more about Coltrane than about Ellington, it's not to slight Duke. Coltrane merely stands out more on the release. Ellington's lovely soloing and comping add to the richness of the performance, and his taste is on display throughout as he seems to know precisely when to step aside and give his partner more space.<br />&quot;Coltrane and Ellington&quot; was released during a period of Coltrane's career that some critics have cited as a pulling-back after the controversy of his Vanguard recordings. If his performances on this CD were a pulling-back, then one can only regret there wasn't more of it. This is a great session, one not to be excluded fromeither your Coltrane or your Ellington collection.
B00004XONN|5.0|in these days where few albums just make me sit there and think, \\"sweet lord, this is how music should sound.\\" there have only been 2 in the past 3 years.  the first one is nine inch nails' the fragile, and the second is this kid a.  but now i find myself defending kid a the way i did when the fragile came out, and everyone judged it before actually just sitting down and *listening* to the album.  i personally find that most of the negative response to this album comes from the reactionary people (\\"MY band did something that I don't understand\\") well first of all their not *your* band, and secondly, a band has to evolve.  weather it's nine inch nails going organic or radiohead just going  \\"try to wrap your head around this one.\\"  it's all just music, and i think people should deal with it, especially with how stagnate the music industry is these days.
0553212737|1.0|From the first sentence painfully spelling out Emma's character, this book has many problems.  The characterizations are awkward, the plot contrived, and the prose is so roughly handled it makes a reader queasy.  Pride and Prejudice at least had a little humor in it, but &quot;Emma&quot; has no redeeming qualities.  I don't recommend spending your time on this one.
0553106635|5.0|Undoubtedly THE greatest modern fantasy series currently on shelves. This work has amazing focus, a tight, powerful structure and a story that is fresh and full of engaging surprises and characters. There is nothing being written today in the fantasy genre that can compare to A Song of Fire and Ice in regard to scope or execution. Martin is a master of the written word and this series is more than proof of his skill. If you're a lover of fantasy and have grown tired of the endless tedium of Jordan and his disgusting tendency to drag on a single plot line for ten books without any resolution, then this is a series you should read. You won't be disappointed.
B000002C25|5.0|Although many people prefer Morning Glory, this is my favourite Oasis album. I love the heavy, and to me very interesting production. The layered guitars, sound effects, keyboards and percussion create a marvellously powerful 'wall of sound'. I like all the songs on this record but the highlights for me are Do You Know What I Mean?, Magic Pie, Stand By Me, Don't Go Away and the magestic All Around the World. The songs on this album may seem very long and can be quite boring at first. But this is an album that should be listened to. It's fantastic to hear it all and focus on all the parts. It's an album that should be got and should be really listened to.
0679600655|4.0|The most well-drawn character in this novel is not Lady Chatterley (Connie, an INFP personality type), her lover Mellors, her husband Clifford, Clifford's nurse, or any human. It is Clifford's hometown Tevershall and the surrounding coal district. His home Wragby stands where the great Nottingham Forest of legend once dominated the landscape. Now it is coal -- mines, colliers, colliers' shanties, colliers' towns, and, most of all, money and ennui. It is dead, as seen through the eyes of Mellors and Connie -- dead, lifeless, and grim, slowly sucking away at what is left of humanity and of human tenderness. The only idyllic place is the remnant of the Forest where Mellors is gamekeeper, and even it reeks of the smell of coal and of money and of the folly of money. The colliers and those who command them, the Cliffords, are soulless, dead, and, tellingly, impotent in the most important ways.<br />D. H. Lawrence has a unique voice and tells this tale in a unique way, albeit heavy-handedly in places. His characters' sermon-like conversations are sometimes hard to swallow as realistic. But the frustrations and the spiritlessness of the people are real enough and save the novel from becoming too much of an intellectual exercise or a diatribe. I found myself wishing for the more subtle touch of a Victor Hugo in Les Miserables, another novel in which a human story is told against a larger setting, or even of a Tolstoy, but this is more of a story-in-a-box -- a limited box. Recommended if you can suspend belief a bit; if you are looking for a good story rather than a great one; and if you are looking not for puerile pleasure in Lawrence's liberal smattering of &quot;naughty&quot; words, but for a place to begin start asking the questions. There are no answers here, but there is the foundation for a beginning.
0140288503|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read. Once you start reading it,you  can't put it down. It is a real shame what happened in Mogadishu and the lack of concern and knowledge the American people have about it. This book will keep us from &quot;foretting&quot; about the incident!
0345350499|4.0|The Mists of Avalon by Marion Zimmer Bradley is a retelling of Arthurian legend through the eyes of the women surrounding Arthur. This sounds simple enough, but before this one is over, you'll need a scorecard to remember who is kin to whom and how. Once you figure that out, you'll want to learn more about the effects of inbreeding, since there is plenty of it here.<br />Viviane is Lady of the Lake and of Avalon, a mystical island that only those with the Sight can find in the Mists; to those not gifted, it is merely an island with a Christian church and monastery. Taliesen is the Merlin of Britain, the messenger of the [Druid] gods. Viviane's half-sister and Taliesen's daughter, Igraine, is married off to Gorlois, Duke of Cornwall, and in due course gives birth to a daughter, Morgaine. She also is foster mother to her younger sister (half-sister) Morgause, a teenage girl who has the combined gift of great ambition and little conscience and who will play a key role later. The young Igraine resents deeply how Viviane manipulates her, first into marriage with the much-older Gorlois. Later, Viviane's prediction, which Igraine also resents, that Igraine will fall for Uther Pendragon, comes true. Uther becomes High King after the death of Ambrosius, Gorlois rebels against him, and Igraine conceives Uther's son, Gwydion, or Arthur, the night before Gorlois' death. Arthur, as we know, is fated to become The Once and Future King in the Matter of Britain.<br />The story is not so much about Arthur or Morgaine as about the struggle between paganism and the rise of Christianity, with Arthur as Christian king and Morgaine as pagan priestess. Arthur is installed in a pagan ceremony that leaves Morgaine pregnant with his only son, Mordred -- who in this rendering never plays quite the key role assigned him in other Arthurian tales. The plot points pretty much follow the tradition -- Arthur marries Guinevere, who has an affair with Lancelot, who ends up married to Elaine. Meanwhile, Viviane is killed, leaving a void in the office of the Lady of the Lake -- an office that will be filled, more or less, by another daughter of Taliesen.<br />Bradley's sympathies toward the pagans (the feminine) are evident as Morgaine takes over Viviane's mission of trying to turn Arthur and Britain away from Christianity (the masculine) and back toward the Goddess. As the tale progresses, however, Morgaine becomes an increasingly ruthless and unsympathetic figure, while Arthur appears to be doing what is expedient for Britain; he even manages to make peace with and convert several Saxon kings. Morgaine is too single-minded and fanatical to listen to the counsel of the Druid who becomes Merlin after Taliesen's death, Kevin, and eventually punishes him for his &quot;betrayal&quot; of the Goddess.<br />In the end, Arthur may die, but his legacy was already set, as many had already told Morgaine. She leaves her own legacy -- a trail of the murders and the deaths of nearly everyone important to her, including two of her lovers and Lancelot's daughter. Only at the very end does she realise she has lost; Christianity has won. Perhaps this was the way the Goddess wished it, after all, although the price she pays to learn this is very high indeed. She also learns that she has always had the love of a great man, the man who was son, brother, and lover to her -- Arthur, King of the Britons.<br />The Mists of Avalon is a worthy addition to the Arthurian cycle, especially since it takes into account what must have been a very real struggle between the old pagans of Britain and the new Christianity of Rome. The plot is intricate and imaginative, the characters are well drawn (if erratic), there are a few moments of subtlety and beautifully written prose, and there is enough fantasy to make one wonder if there really is a supernatural intervention throughout. Even the lost continent of Atlantis is worked into the tale. Highly recommended for Arthurians and fans of science fiction/fantasy. But don't forget that scorecard.tion/fantasy. But don't forget that scorecard.
B000053ZRR|5.0|The first live concert I went to was a Bon Jovi show.  It was the final stop on their US Slippery When Wet tour (Honolulu).  I had gone to keep a friend company.  Needless to say, I was hooked, and a die hard fan ever since.  Aside from &quot;An Evening With Bon Jovi&quot;, which was more of a toned-down, MTV affair, I have been waiting for years for the definitive Bon Jovi live video.  The wait is over!<br />The guys cover most of their biggest hits, as well as some of their future hits too.  I was reading an interview with Richie Sambora, and he had said that they don't really rehearse for tours anymore.  For the Crush tour, they rehearsed a total of four (4!) days.  From watching this vid, you can tell that these guys define the term 'Road Warriors'.  Each knows how to work the crowd, and they always know where the others are and what they are doing.  True professionals.  As I watched the opening number, 'Living on a Prayer', I couldn't believe that it's been almost fifteen years since this song was released.  It has stood the test of time.  Their other songs are just as timeless, if not moreso.  &quot;Wanted..&quot; is to my generation what &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; is to the generation before mine...a bookmark for a period in our lives when all did was play air guitar and rock out.<br />Granted, the boys aren't as youthful as I remember them.  In &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive&quot;, Jon reminds me more of Woody from Toy Story than a road-weary rocker, but I think that serves as a testament to their longevity more than to hurt their credibility.  Aside from Aerosmith and the Rolling Stones, can you name another band that has gone out and toured and toured for almost two decades?  (The Eagles don't count because they only did it once, and solely for the money.)<br />As for the disc itself, I was impressed with the video quality, and the editing.  The director was able to catch the electricity of being front row center at a Bon Jovi concert, while also allowingus to see what goes on backstage, behind the drum riser, behind the keyboards, etc.  This concert is in letterboxed format, and overall color and transfer is excellent.<br />The audio is Dolby Digital 5.1, although it seems as though the disc defaults to Dolby Surround 2.0.  The 5.1 presentation is very good, putting you in the center of the crowd.  It is laid out with the vocals taking center channel, guitar mid-left, and keyboards mid-right along with upper-range bass guitar.  The crowd noise takes the rear surrounds along with ambient noise from the stage.  The sound on this disc blends so well, that it's a case of &quot;close your eyes....you're there&quot;.<br />The extras on this disc are comprised of a 30-minute behind the scenes, and the videos for &quot;It's My Life&quot; and &quot;Say It Isn't So&quot;.  As a sidenote, Bon Jovi pioneered the concert performance video back in the 80s.  They were damn good at it.  I just wished that they could have stayed with the formula for these two videos, which do contain live performance footage, but only against the backdrop of other action in the video.  But I digress...<br />Bottom Line:  If you are a die hard BJ fan, this decision is a no-brainer.  If you enjoy high-energy stage shows with lots of audience participation, familiar hits, and gobs of nostalgia, drop the Andrew Jackson and pick this disc up.
B00000DCH9|4.0|Piano Man is the album that helped Billy Joel first grab the public's ear.  The title track is an irresistible sing along number that has earned its place as a classic.  The song's omnipresence overshadows the fact there are a couple of songs on the album that are even better.  &quot;Captain Jack&quot; is a sprawling wide-open number that Mr. Joel sings with the perfect growl.  &quot;Worst Comes To Worst&quot; is another tale about a lounge singer with a much more bouncy beat.  &quot;Piano Man&quot; has become his signature number, but &quot;The Ballad Of Billy The Kid&quot; should be. Much like the former, the latter tells of his life. Opening up with a cowboy sound, the song shifts and moves back and forth and is one Mr. Joel's best.  &quot;You're My Home&quot; is a gift to his wife while &quot;Stop In Nevada&quot; has a nice beat.  The album is dragged down by some lesser tunes like &quot;Ain't No Crime&quot;, &quot;Travelin' Prayer&quot; and &quot;Somewhere Along The Line&quot;.
B00004XQJX|5.0|Pollini was rumored to have a Diabelli recording in the making as far back as 1980.  A better match for performer and work can hardly be imagined.  The disc joins the short list of great Diabellis on record (Schnabel, Shure, Serkins father and son).<br />The performance is not quite what many would expect from the pianist. There is a quality of rumination that Pollini in 1980 might not have achieved. The architecture of the work (or an architecture, at least) is revealed with a confidence that rivals Schnabel's.  The final variation is taken at a stunningly slow tempo; I was reminded of the Vegh Quartet playing the slow movement of Op. 135.<br />The Diabelli is one of the greatest challenges for the pianist-musician.  Pollini has risen to the task.  The disc commands attention and respect.
B00000DCHD|5.0|After Billy Joel hit the big time with The Stranger, he had the unenviable task of following up that classic.  While 52nd St. isn't as good as The Stranger, it is still a tremendous record.  The album opens up with the venomous and hard &quot;Big Shot&quot; and then does a complete 180 with the quite &quot;Honesty&quot;.  &quot;My Life&quot; is the big hit off the album and it bounces along while &quot;Zanzibar&quot; is the best song on the album.  It has a smoky, jazzy feel and is one of the most interesting songs Mr. Joel has ever done.  &quot;Stiletto&quot; has some slick piano work and &quot;Rosalinda's Eyes&quot; employs a Latin sound.  &quot;Half A Mile Away&quot; is full of horns and verve and &quot;Until The Night&quot; is a slower number in which Mr. Joel stretches his vocal muscle.  The title track closes the album out on a jazzy note.  52nd St. proved that Billy Joel was no fluke, as the album became his first chart topper and won the Grammy for Album of the Year.
0786860707|5.0|Bien, despus de tanta crtica elogiosa se puede decir poco ms. Todo animador debera haberlo ledo con fruicin. A pesar de que es una fuente inagotable de ideas para un animador de cualquier  rea, no es  exctamente un manual, y sa es su virtud : sobre todo transmite el conocimiento y el entusiasmo de varias generaciones de animadores.<br />No todos hemos tenido la suerte de recibir enseanzas directas  de los maestros, Glen!<br />Junto con los libros de  Preston Blair, Shamus Culhane, Chuck Jones, Kit Layborne, el Timing for Animation de Whitaker y Halas y The Natural Way to Draw de Nikolaides  IMPRESCINDIBLE , (aunque no seas disneyano)
B00000DCHE|5.0|Billy Joel had released four album prior to his breakthrough album, The Stranger.  After he experienced similar successes with 52nd St. &amp; Glass Houses, he came up with the great idea to release a live album featuring songs only from those pre-Stranger album.  Songs In The Attic was the introduction to many fans of songs that have since become classics like &quot;Captain Jack&quot;, &quot;The Ballad Of Billy The Kid&quot;, &quot;She's Got A Way&quot; and &quot;New York State Of Mind&quot;.  Other lesser known tracks like &quot;Los Angeleanos&quot;, &quot;Miami 2017&quot; and &quot;Street Life Serenade&quot; are equally as great.  Songs In The Attic was a treat for his hardcore fans and let newer fans listen to some great tunes.  Almost twenty years later, the album still sounds fresh.
B000055QHO|5.0|I reviewed the US version of this CD, but later I had the chance to hear 'Isobella' and WHAM! What a song! It beats any other song on 'A Day without rain', and could well rank among the finest songs Enya has ever recorded.<br />This Japanese release is coveted in the US solely for this track. You may have downloaded it from the Net but believe me when I say that it is WELL WORTH the price of this CD to have 'Isobella' on disc.<br />'Isobella' is at once spiritual and haunting, bringing back memories of 'Smaointe' and 'Na lactha geal m'oige', though it beats those tracks by a wide margin. Enya has never sounded better, and its nice to see that all the hype surrounding this one song was well placed - it does live up to all the talk about it, and gives us back the Enya we know and love - I almost thought we had lost her when I first listened to 'A Day without Rain'.<br />'Isobella' is a hymn and a chant at the same time, but it also breaks new ground in New Age music. I wont give too much away, but just get this CD and give the song a listen. Its incredible, magical, and absolutely breathtaking. Fabulous work, Enya !
0195067142|5.0|E.B.Sledge offers the reader a first-hand account of a front line Marine in the Peleliu and Okinawa campaigns against entrenched Japanese troops.  His description of life and death from within a division which suffered over 150% cascualties is unsurpassed with realism.<br />The author compliments his memoir with footnotes of historical details while retaining the simplicity of his personal account of the campaigns from the eyes of a PFC out in front against an enemy force which is determined to fight to the death.  With the Old Breed is recommended for those who which to learn the truth of War of the Pacific against the Japanese without ommiting the horrors and realism of warfare.
B00004Z459|2.0|Linkin Park's debut album, &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; has its up's and down's. First off, I'd like to say that they do have good voices. But, what are their songs about? Absolutely nothing. Lets think about deep lyrics such as &quot;Everything you say to me/takes me one step closer to the edge/I'm about to break.&quot;  these aren't &quot;feelings&quot; They're just ... words. They're very un-original songs, I have to say. But, we have all the other unoriginal artists such as, nsync, briteny spears, metallica, etc etc. Yes, they do have good voices and they're getting big on money but what about lyrics?   If you want a CD with impacting lyrics and meaningful songs, I suggest you continue to search elsewhere and not waste your time here....
B000050XEI|5.0|This music is like silk to the ears and grace to the heart and soul.
044022425X|5.0|Drums of Autumn will leave you breathless.  Whether from the pounding of the titular drums as war rises again on the horizon, or from the tension of suspense, you'll close the last page completely satisfied and wondering why you're exhausted.<br />Our Heroine, Clare, finds herself looking for her past, in more ways than one.  Returning to the 18th Century, she decides that trying to find the love of her life is more important than staying safe and secure in the 1960s.<br />Unfortunately, like daughter, like mother.  Her only child follows her on an expedition to find Jamie, Clare's husband and Bree's father.<br />The action continues in Scotland and migrates to the New World.<br />After having been separated for neigh unto 20 years, both Clare and Jamie have continued their lives, separately.  It is the detailed, sympathetic portrait of them attempting to reconcile their shared past with their current present which will pull at your heartstrings.  They are realistic, which certainly means it isn't the same old thing you've read before.<br />Gabaldon never ceases to amaze with her insight into the workings between men and women, without denigrating either one in the process.<br />This kept me on the edge of my seat, eagerly turning pages like few other books.<br />If you've read Outlander, either stop, or simply buy the next three together.  Dragonfly in Amber and Voyager are definately worthwhile, if for no other reason then to get you to Drums of Autumn.  This and Outlander are her best so far.
B00000DC7J|5.0|I am a CLASSICAL musician, yet this has to be my favorite record. Nothing in the world of music matches this. Tracks 1 and 6 are just okay compositions, but the rest is beyond words.<br />Elegant, romantic, passionate. This music will tear your heart forever.<br />Listening to this record is almost like making love to the woman of your dreams (if you're a man).
B000001Y79|5.0|there was this song that i really liked and i could swear it was by no doubt i guess it was early'99-late'98 the video looked kinda like cher's &quot;belive&quot;. i thought it had some thing to do with that movie wing commander but i was wrong.i'm sorry i have no idea what it sounded like but if you think you know what i'm talking about e-mail me at angell2005@webtv.net thanx
0684853523|5.0|I have only read half of Stephen King's The Stand; nevertheless I was reeled in by the wonderful excerpt on the back cover of the book and picked it up at my first opportunity.  On Writing is a fantastic work which should be read by anyone who loves the art of reading and writing.
0895292211|5.0|Clearly explains why live foods should be a significant part (if not all) of your diet.
0385501005|5.0|This is one of my favorite books this year. Maybe even The Favorite. The narrator Duffy freaks out when his girlfriend Mel starts to talk about marriage and babies. He loves Mel but he'd be happy if things stayed just the way they were. But Mel isn't happy, and it's obvious things are going to change. But can they negotiate a future together or will he lose Mel altogether? <br />This book is so funny and so truthful. There are lots of laugh out loud moments and some oneliner gems that summarize the dilemma of the whole human situation pretty neatly. It's been compared to Bridget Jones but while it's just as funny it's a lot wiser and the main character is infinitely more likeable. <br />I can't praise this book highly enough without sounding like the publisher's PR guy so I'll just say that I loved it, maybe you will too.
079284632X|3.0|Though this movie is for the most part, a very low-budget, amateurish, &amp; slightly comedic, LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT is also a very disturbing, twisted, &amp; nightmarish horror film. Wes Craven's first effort, along with Tobe Hooper's TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE &amp; George Romero's NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD, ushered in a new breed of horror film. Films that leaves the audience sick to their stomachs &amp; makes them feel very dirty after watching them. When PSYCHO made audiences stay away from the showers, LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT made them RUN TO the showers. This movie featured very graphic details of horror &amp; violence. Though not as polished as his later films, LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT introduced Wes Craven to the unsuspecting world as a very imaginative &amp; talented filmmaker.
0684853523|5.0|Stephen King has put together an honest, useful and entertaining 'memoir' on his experience along the life path of a writer.  The initial autobiographical section is entertaining and indicates to me that Stephen King is a truely gifted writer -stepping out of his element as a horror/fiction writer and still creating an engaging page-turner of a story impressed me.  There is also a helpful section of some basic do's and don'ts of fiction writing, as well as some pointers on starting points for getting published.   There is a final section where he goes into the details of his recent run in with a Van in back country Maine which emphasized how writing can be a salve for those who truely have a passion for the craft.  <br />Honest and entertaining, On Writing is an intelligent yet non-arrogant intro to the life of a fiction writer.
B00004YA66|5.0|Frequency is a thriller through and through!  The first time I watched it, I was lost but I watched it again and everything made perfect sense.  That's just me though, I'm sure most people would understand it just fine.  This is becoming my all time favorite movie more and more every time I watch it.  It is about a man who lost his father(Dennis Quaid) 30 years ago.  His father was a fire fighter and died in a warehouse fire.  He had a ham radio he never let his son talk on.  30 years later, his son hooks up the radio and gets on the air. He speaks with his father, who is still back in 1969.  His son saves his life and they work together to solve a serial.  This movie is worth every penny folks!  There is swearing in it for those of you who have little ones.  No nudity though.
0783225970|5.0|best movie ever...this movie has a ton of balls...goes well with a cohiba and a bottle of rum
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Three stars cause it's the Beatles and classic songs.&quot;TELL ME WHY&quot; we couldn't have better mixes than what we have already. They claim it was re-mastered, so what, it wasn't improved. The recent re-issue of 'Yellow Submarine' gives you new re-mixes. Some of the re-mixes are not as good as the originally released mixes but so what, it's different. However there are some that bring out certain instruments and vocals that are to me very interesting and better mixes in some cases especially 'Eleanor Rigby and 'Nowhere Man'. This release (No. 1) is yet another blown opportunity for songs like 'I Feel Fine' and 'She's a Woman' in particular to be released as they were originally in the United States with the reverberated effects that added to the ambiance and ultimatly the popularity of the songs consequently making them #1 records. Of the 2 only 'I Feel Fine' made this release but other songs on this CD also had to a lesser extent added effects that enhanced the sound and maybe in a small way, or perhaps a big way, added to their success. Listen to the album versions of these songs and especially on 'I Feel Fine' there is a distinct difference. I've been told that the current available versions were the English releases and that before they were released in the U.S., Capitol records added effects. Well bring em back, or at least release them both ways. New generations of Beatle fans should hear these songs the same way we heard them here in the states and if they did would be equally charmed by their magic, alot of which came through adding effects.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Sure, there is more than enough riffing on this album, and many times the background instrumentals are drowned out by Christina's LOUD voice, but there's nothing here that would blow out your eardrums, give you a headache, or wake you up from your sleep.  MOST of the new Christmas songs are lovely, and I liked all of the holiday remakes, but only one is really true to its original - however, the point was for Christina to make her OWN mark on the remakes, right?  In any given situation, this album was the prodcut of a fantastic effort even in the short time Christina had while recording her superior Spanish album and going on a sold-out 37 city tour (which I recommend you go see.) <br /> 1. CHRISTMAS TIME: A very catchy song that kind of reminds me of &quot;Come On Over Baby (All I Want Is You)&quot; fueled with &quot;fa-la-la's.  It has the same sort of energy and a rap, which is actually impressive.  (10/10) <br /> 2. THIS YEAR: This is my personal favorite off of the album.  It's a mid-tempo, sexual R&amp;B song, which takes advantage of everything possibly sexy during the holidays. (10/10)  <br /><br />3. HAVE YOURSELF A MERRY LITTLE CHRISTMAS: This remake stays true to the traditional version.  The song is so beautiful!  Everyone should hear her doing a duet with Brian McKnight on this song. (10/10)<br /><br />4. ANGELS WE HAVE HEARD ON HIGH: Anyone who really loves the traditional version of this age-old classic may hate Christina's version or love the change.  I personally would have preferred to listen to her singing a normal version, but the R&amp;B version she chose to do is unique and pretty clever. (8.5/10)<br /><br />5. MERRY CHRISTMAS BABY (FEATURING DR. JOHN): Well, she did it.  Christina told her fans all along that she was interested in blues, and here's a great blues remake.  This is another sexy song - &quot;I haven't had a shot yet, but I'm lit up like a Christmas tree.&quot;  A great voice in this one, but it may be too much for some. (9.5/10)<br />6. OH HOLY NIGHT (FEATURING BILLY PRESTON): This is my favorite Christmas carol of all time.  Christina's version of it was amazing until the part where she recites the Lord's Prayer.  It's not that I don't like the Lord's Prayer, but it was the part that came after that.  The blues part ... I can't stand that. (8.5/10)<br /><br />7. THESE ARE THE SPECIAL TIMES: To my surprise, Celine Dion sang this song before Christina, but the writer, Diane Warren, decided to recycle this song, so it doesn't count as a remake.  I heard Celine's version, but honestly I like Christina's.  This song is good for any time of the year. (10/10) <br /><br />8. THIS CHRISTMAS: This has never been my favorite carol, but I like what Christina's touch did to it.  (9/10) <br /><br />9. THE CHRISTMAS SONG: This is not my favorite remake of the song, but the techno instrumentals kind of grew on me. (9.5/10) <br /><br />10. XTINA'S XMAS: This is an interlude, not a song.  (NO RATING) <br /><br />11. THE CHRISTMAS SONG (HOLIDAY REMIX): I think everyone could have done without this one.  Maybe instead of this remix (or track 10) RCA should have left the beautiful &quot;Silent Night (Noche de Paz)&quot; on the album. (8/10)
B00004YW6I|5.0|She seems so...happy.  It's a testament to her talent that she didn't fall into a pit of sap when she (apparently) fell in love.  PJ manages to combine all the best elements of all of her previous albums: the immediate nature and up-front guitars of `Dry', the assertiveness of `Rid of Me', the unadorned sheen of `4-Track Demos', the soul searching of `To Bring You My Love', and the electronics and love-fixated lyricism of `Is This Desire?'  This is the work of a VERY talented and poetic writer.  She also got Thom Yorke to actually sing a melody.
630522577X|5.0|I first disagree with anyone who would suggest that Julie Andrews would of been better.  I love Julie Andrews work, but Audrey Hepburn was the perfect choice for the role.  If I've seen this movie once I've seen it a hundred times.  The musical score was terrific and the costumes were just out of this world.  Makes me wish that I lived in this era.  I would like to see movies like this made even today, we need more movies like this not the trash that hollywood is putting out today
B0000508U6|5.0|The Radiohead album everyone wanted and didn't get.  Aching hearts worn on sleeves, guitars and pianos at hand.  This is music for people who need something to believe in besides nu-metal and the leftovers from the Mickey Mouse Club.  You can hear the heartbreak.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album makes me realize why I love music as obsessively as I do. Every song on here is sonically stunning and dripping with integrity. Thank God for Radiohead! Talent like this doesn't come around often enough. I'd go on and on, but no words are good enough for this. Instead,if you ever get the chance, listen to this album as you drive the pacific coast from Los Angelas to San Francisco. It's like this music was made for that experience alone. (especially &quot;IDIOTEQUE&quot; and &quot;MORNING BELL&quot;)
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is viewed as either the biggest disappointment or the biggest revelation of the year.  Originally I fell into the former category of listeners, but after repeated journeys with Radiohead, I now fall into the latter category.  Reason?  This may not have been intended as a statement or concept album, but in a way it is.  After all of `OK Computer's questioning of technology and pleas to slow down, Radiohead have found technology inescapable.  I believe one of the main reasons the album is so reviled is: we like to see our heroes triumph, not succumb to their worst fears.  The album is also viewed as a disappointment to those who believe `real music' must contain guitars, but to deny the influence of electronics in music is ignorance. `Kid A' is a work of importance comparable to `OK Computer'.  The paranoia hasn't disappeared, our sense of life without technology has.
0783226837|5.0|Tremors is a throw back to the times of the science fiction movies of the 1950's, similar to Them, only with giant underground worms instead of giant ants.  This movie could have fallen apart if it had tried to take itself too seriously, but fortunately for us, it doesn't, so it's just a plain old fun hoot to watch.  I enjoyed it immensely.<br /> Let me say first that I loved the cast.  I've never seen Kevin Bacon look so kicked back in any other role, and that was the only way to really play his character.  He did a fantastic job of bringing a laid back attitude to his character of Val, and showing signs of daring and ingenuity when the role of hero is forced upon him and his sidekick, Earl(played by Fred Ward).  Fred Ward does an outstanding job as Val's long time friend and partner.  Their on screen chemistry as friends looked so real that you could imagine these two actors had known each other their entire lives.  It would be hard to think of a single cast member who didn't do an excellent job so I won't mention them all, but do want to say that Michael Gross and Reba McEntire were hilarious as two survivalists who were living in the area because they had wanted to get away from everything.<br /> The movie was excellent from beginning to end, but really kicks into high gear after the worms are discovered, and they begin rampaging the town.  Watching the citizens of the town banding together, trying to think of a way to save themselves from being eaten, and escape to the mountains where the worms wouldn't be able to follow them was a real pleasure.  <br /> There were so many pitfalls this movie could have fallen into, but I believe the director did a great job of avoiding them.  So, if you're in the mood for some entertainment, where you're not required to think too much, and where you can watch a cast who looked like they were having a really fun time making a movie, then I suggest you go out and rent or buy this one.
B000002LCK|5.0|This CD was my first introduction to New Order and did not disappoint. It gave a clear impression of what New Order was about, and wide sampling of their evolution and personality. I recommend it to anyone.
B0000024UX|5.0|The only thing that could make this otherwise perfect album better, would be for it to be remastered. Simon and Garfunkel are one of the best loved and talented duos of all time. Their blend of folk and pop, with their delicious harmonies will never grow old. 100 years from now when the world has forgotten the Britneys and Rickys and Christinas of the current pop radio airwaves, Simon and Garfunkel will still be listened to. The lyrics are intelligent and poetic, and the music catchy and well arranged. What could be better? Too bad it was the last album they recorded as a duo.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|For a person who is not crazy about Matt McConaughey's acting ability, I actually thought this was a pretty good movie.  The English reviewers are correct that the Brits/Polish actually found the &quot;enigma&quot; machine first, but the end credits show that on a third mission, Americans also came up with a piece of the puzzle.  So yes the film took some liberalities when devising the mission and its importance for America's wartime efforts.  They probably should have portrayed a British sub, but marketing concerns most likely nixed this approach.  Historical inaccuracies aside, the film was suspenseful, intelligent and entertaining.  The special effects made everything seem pretty realistic and didn't detract from the film.  Maybe Kietel seemed miscast for his part, but younger people often have higher ranking than their elders, especially if they went to Annapolis.  Overall a good film.
B000002MP2|5.0|This album does deserve to be in a Best Of the 90's list.  Billie Joe is an amazing songwriter with a knack for riding the fine line between pop and adrenalized punk.  None of the songs would sound half  as good without tre cool andf Mike Dirnt, who push every song to the limit.  Many of these so-called &quot; neo-punk&quot; bands owe a debt of thanks to Green DAy, whether they're aware of it or not.
B000002UZ6|5.0|Tina never disappoints and in this collection of her greatest songs, the hits come pouring, from the title track to the song we all know &quot;What's love go to do with it&quot; to the rather spiritual &quot;Private Dancer.&quot; Private Dancer is my favorite song on this album, which comes from her most popular album of the same name. You can never disgrace a woman like Tina; she deserves all the respect she can get; she's been in this business for so long and still keeps the hits rolling for us, her fans. Thanks, Tina, for a memorable career, great songs, and great tours. You are SIMPLY THE BEST. Bye, Love.
0783241399|4.0|This is a film that really makes you think.  I have always thought that one of the worst things that can happen to a person is to be sent to prision for a crime they did not commit.  Was Rubin Carter innocent of the crimes he was accused?  I do not know.  The movie would have you believe that every crime he was convicted of he was innocent of.  Is that true?  Again, I don't know.  Was there racial injustices in America in the 1960s?  Of course!  Could this be the reason Rubin Carter spent so many years in jail?  Perhaps.<br />If you take out all of the debate on the guilt or innocence of this man and view the film, as the director did, that he was indeed innocent of the crimes he was convicted of then this is a very powerful film.  30 plus years of a man's life was taken away from him for no good reason!  This takes me to another question: Could this happen today?  Or perhaps an even more powerful thought:  Could this happen to me?<br />This film really does makes you think.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|This movie is total action from start to finish.  Jam packed with all the hottest cars that us guys droll over, including my favorite (and Nick Cage's too) the '67 Shelby GT 500 Mustang, with nitrous power to boot.<br />The chase scenes are some of the best I have ever seen.  One of the many nice features of the DVD version of this film is that it shows the making of the three main chase sceens.  Other nice features are the interviews with all of the main actors and the directors development of the characters.<br />This movie is a must see for any guy (or girl, for that matter) who has ever fallen in love with an automobile.
B000051VWW|5.0|I have been listening to Sade for years and have been waiting for a new release - Lovers Rock is incredible.  Her music has such a soulful and magical rhythm.  By Your Side and Somebody Already Broke My Heart are great tracks, although the entire CD is great.  This release was definitely worth the wait - Sade is one of the best performers out there - purely natural!  &quot;The Best of Sade&quot; is also a great CD if your looking to collect a few of her all-time bests.
B00004YZFR|5.0|&quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; is a lot of things. It's one of the greatest rock and roll films ever made. It's one of the greatest documentaries ever made. It's one of the best glimpses of a moment in time ever recorded, and it's a lasting crystallization of the point in time when the ideals and dreams of the 60's died and the hedonism and self-preservation of the 70's kicked in.<br />The Maysles Brothers and Charlotte Zwerin are famous for making documentaries about bible salesmen, old women in decaying mansions, and artists creating art. &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; is doubly a shock because these somber and almost grim documentarians have been able to put across a rock and roll film that gives you a feeling of the power of music and the freshness of the spirit that the Stones brought to the table. In these moments, captured in 1969, you can see the point where the Stones make the step from rock stars to phenomena, and you see where the wall between artist and audience spawns from. <br />&quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; follows the Stones from touring and recording to their free concert at Altamont Speedway. The film breaks with documentary tradition and gives us a skewed timeline, interspersing concert footage and recording sessions with newscasts about the aftermath of Altamont, the Stones in the screening room watching footage of Altamont, and scenes of negotiating the final details before Altamont goes down. The Altamont concert itself is a marvel to behold, to witness what was captured by the gang of camera operators wandering through the crowd (including George Lucas). From drug dealers to painted hippies, Hells Angels to fathers and sons, from whimsy to terror. &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; follows the show from it's chaotic first moments of parking wherever, ingesting whatever and acting however, to scenes of fast and random violence springing up around the stage as well as on stage. All of which culminates in the murder of a man right in front of the stage. All captured onbeautiful, grainy 16mm with no tricks and no cheats. <br />The DVD is packed with great supplementary materials. A commentary from David Maysles and Charlotte Zwerin, deleted scenes (including a great backstage scene of Ike, Tina and Mick hanging out), the full excerpts of the KSAN radio broadcast which is used occasionally in the film, trailers, photos and a small feature on the restoration of the print. <br />If you've seen &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; before, you've noticed that the sound and image lack a lot. Criterion has completely restored the visuals to crystal clarity and given the audio tracks a much-needed shot in the arm. This film has never looked so good and never sounded so good. <br />The Stones have been the focus of several movies and a gang of media coverage, attempting to look beyond the gamefaces and see the real Stones. Very few have succeeded. &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; is filled with moments where the Stones forget to pose, forget to put up a pretense and respond with real shock, real anger and real regret. This is the anti-&quot;Woodstock.&quot; Besides all that, you'll rarely see the Stones in such top form and sounding and looking so good. If the shots of the band in action don't get you, then the shots of the crowd alone are worth the price of admission. <br />Rock films are seemingly a dime a dozen, and no one tends to care enough to make them real FILMS. &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; is the antidote to the callous rock film tossaway, a film with as much brains as attitude, a film with a message as well as a soundtrack, and most of all, a film so much greater and so much deeper than the surface could ever lead you to believe.
078322687X|3.0|I saw this movie when I was 11 and have loved it ever since; I didn't fully appreciate it until adulthood, when hindsight is 20/20 and everything in this movie is a &quot;Been there, done that.&quot;  The characters are true to the types of people you find at any American high school, and we've all adored/abhorred the prom queen, feared/embraced the criminal, etc.  That said, I will vent about the DVD edition.<br />Did Universal forget that this is one of the most popular films of the 80s?  Where are the goodies that seem to come standard with other films on DVD?  Where's the interviews, behind-the-scenes trivia, edited scenes?  This movie is 15 years old and still being played all over cable channels day in and day out, and its popularity hasn't waned a bit!  I got my copy for Christmas and couldn't wait to get it into my DVD player, figuring the music would sound amazing and there would be plenty of extras.  WRONG!<br />The sound is weak; I can't understand why Universal didn't repackage this with stereo sound.  Because of the way this was shot, the movie retains a TV-look about it, but the images are clear and sharp.  You'll still enjoy the movie, but if you were drooling over the DVD for the possibility of bonuses, you'll be sorry.<br />I'm so disappointed with the DVD release...  I won't be surprised if, in 2005, a 20th anniversary edition happens along with all the fun stuff I'd hoped for.  (And yes, I'd buy it!)<br />Wait for 2005.
B0000009OP|5.0|I can't tell you how amazing all of this CD is.  I think that if everyone listened to Morphine the world would be a happier place.  I listen whenever I'm pissed off/happy/hyper/depressed/sleepy.  It doesn't matter.  Buena is awesome, Thursday is energetic, Cure for Pain is so smooth, and Sheila, my favorite song, is probably the coolest song about a cat ever.  Buy this CD.
B000002P5R|5.0|Finally, after 30 years of packaging and repackaging these recordings, an album with the title and songs that Jimi intendeed to release are available. Jimi never wrote a definitive list but various working lists, and this track selection gets as close as possible. A lot of these recordings were not completely finished when Jimi died, but they are no demos either. Some of Jimi's finest compositions are here. Hey Baby is one of my two all-time favourite songs by Jimi. If I had to start my Jimi CD collection all over again I'd bought this one immediatly after Are you experienced. Its that good.
0380715430|5.0|I've always been interested in linguistics, but never bothered to pursue it.  After reading this book, I can say that I'm only more interested in the subject.  As well as a brief history of the language, this book also goes over (albeit briefly) how our grammar relates to other languages.  Similarly it compares other aspects of our languages with a couple others.  It also contains a history of word games and swearing.  Mostly this book is very lively reading, with the exception of where the author indulges himself in showing off his ability to pronounce English names.  This book is an excellent introduction for anyone interesting in any aspect of the English langauge.
B000051VWW|4.0|Not a storybook with a happy ending, but still an optimistic one. Who are we if we don't have something to hold on to and believe in? The strength and tenderness that comes from the heart. The resiliency of the human spirit; the faith of just trusting.<br />Times when you question the purpose of struggles and the compassion of the universe. Racism, suffering that befalls the innocence of children, relationships that leave you with a broken heart. If you are true to your being you will realize that when you see just one set of footprints in the sand, you aren't abandoned, but rather your faith is carrying you. In the end only your heart will get you through.<br />The instrumentation is simple minimalism but accompanies the words and solidifies the mood. Sade remains true to her heart but with a different view. In 'Lovers Rock' she seems like she has taken off her sunglasses and put on more positive ones.<br />If your formula is always the same how can others know more? In a market of insatiable consumerism, static or short memories and corporate label number crunching it is important for an artist to stay true to them selves but still evolve or grow by challenging their foundation. It is admirable Sade and her band are seemingly by one another's side. Her artistic expression flowed when she was ready rather than merely listening to the chatter.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The Beatles were the greatest group of all time. Period. Now, it's not their fault that &quot;All you need is Love&quot;, &quot;Ticket to Ride&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane&quot; hit # 1 over &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, &quot;In My Life&quot;, &quot;Revolution&quot;, &quot;Back in the USSR&quot;, &quot;A Day in the Life&quot;, or &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps.&quot; Not their fault; not my fault. I'm 15, I didn't buy singles in the 60's. You 60's single buyers: it's your fault. However, any Beatles song I've heard, with the possible exception of &quot;Octipus'es Garden&quot; is infinately better then anything put out by Backstreet or N Sync or 98 degrese.
B0000524E5|3.0|I am a huge fan of Jerry Bruckheimer. I think his movies are the coolest. These include Top Gun, Days of Thunder, Crimson Tides, The Rock, Con Air, Enemy of The State, Armageddon, Gone in 60 seconds, and Remember the Titans. I own most of these on DVDs. The main reason I like his movies so much is because they are so entertaining and fun to watch over and over again. They have so much energy and heart, detailed characterization, setting, irony, and plot. No matter who the actors or directors are, Bruckheimer's movies are usually very entertaining. I would watch any movies made by Jerry Bruckheimer, and I am eagerly waiting for &quot;Pearl Harber&quot; to come out in movie theaters Memorial Day. Coyote Ugly is very different from the rest of Bruckheimer movies. Simply put, it is a girl's movie as opposed to being a guy's movie. In this film, the women ruled as agonists and the men are basically background settings and antagonists. Obviously I have a problem with that, being a man and all :) Another weak point was the use of sex. By that, I mean it relied too heavily on sexuality to carry the film, instead of relying on just plot, action, setting, and special effects---the usual good stuff. I mean sex is great, but you shouldn't have to rely on that like this film did. I don't know. Maybe I did not like it so much only because it did not have enough testosterone like the other Jerry Bruckheimer movies. Besides that, this movie did have plot and plenty of heart.
B00004S6GL|5.0|an incredible tour de force by musical genuis who is elliott smith.  this should not be viewed as &quot;overproduced&quot; but rather another facet of elliott's muscial abilities.  the melodies are the work of a true master.  this album reflects the talent of someone, who by years of incredible determination, and by making use of his gifts of an unbelievably exceptional voice as well as an ungodly understanding of music, especially strong in melody in particular, has become a master of lyrcisim, melody, rythm, and production, in an age when all of those things have been sacrficed to the demigod of corporate profits.  although most of his songs have grown to beautifully complex, like all the little dots the comprise a Monet painting, he hasn't forgotten the value of simplicity, as is evident by quite acoustic songs like &quot;Everything Reminds me of Her.&quot;  this album runs the complete gambit of emotions, from the quirky, &quot;Honky Bach&quot; to the haunting &quot;Everything Mean Nothing to Me,&quot; to the zepplineque &quot;L.A.&quot; to the optimistic, &quot;Happiness,&quot; elliott has proven that he can be ecclectic, personal, immpersonal, complex, simple, constructive, destructive, and utterly unpredictable and talented muscisan.  I'd rank this album with The Beatles,Abby Road,and Stevie Wonder's Innervisions as one of my favorites.
B00004XONN|5.0|If you are a big fan of Radiohead's previous releases, you will probably not care much for &quot;Kid A&quot;. It more closely resembles Aphex Twin than early Radiohead, and I'm guessing that the band was not aiming for broad commercial appeal when they put these tracks together.<br />Personally, I love &quot;Kid A&quot;. It continues to grow on me, and I have listened to it countless times since I bought it. While the overall production on this recording is electronically lush and ethereal, the tracks are still edgy and emotionally charged. I give &quot;Kid A&quot; a very big thumbs up.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is by far one of the best sci-fi movies I've seen, not leastwise because of the incredible martial arts sequences (which are actually performed by the actors themselves). I've seen this well over a dozen times, and on DVD in Widescreen on my Sony Wega TV, it's even more incredible!<br />The audio commentary feature is great, giving some interesting perspectives on various scenes and often revealing surprising facts about how the scenes were done. The other featurettes (making of, &quot;bullet time&quot;, follow the white rabbit) are all excellent and just add to the value of the DVD.<br />This is a must-have for any sci-fi fan's collection!
0553106635|3.0|George Martin seems to be falling into the same trap as Robert Jordan in his Wheel of Time series.Too many characters, too many story lines and a plot that's moving at a glacial pace. He needs to tie things up and reach a conclusion in a couple of books. This book hardly moves the saga along. Character development is important but not the cost of losing your readers!
B00003CX8J|4.0|I actually rented this before I received it as a Christmas gift. I was especially interested in the 10 minutes of additional footage, since I had heard there was far more than that left on the cutting room floor and wanted to see what was put back in.<br />It was a bit of a disappointment. Although the extra footage is certainly welcome and adds some extra character flavor, it's not in the same aspect ratio as the rest of the movie. In addition, the footage is much darker than the rest of the film, making one wonder why they didn't bother to keep the quality the same as the rest.<br />There's a feature called &quot;interactive version&quot;, which basically plays the regular movie and inserts these bonus footage clips into the play stream as it reaches them. I found this a very poor way of doing it, especially because it doesn't overwrite the footage that's duplicated -- you actually end up seeing the same scene twice (once in bonus version, then the theater version). There's also an annoying pause as the DVD jumps from the movie to the bonus clip, then back.<br />At a time when most other movies with bonus footage are either giving you two versions of the movie (one with, one without) or simply releasing the movie with the extra footage worked in as it was intended, I find it hard to believe that Fox had no interest in doing the same.<br />The other features, such as Hugh Jackman's screen test, are entertaining, but the real reason I wanted this was the movie itself and the bonus footage. The movie, of course, is still great, but the DVD as a whole is just a little lacking, mainly due to how Fox chose to incorporate the extra footage. This is why I give it four stars instead of five.
B0000508U6|5.0|This album, appropriately titled Parachutes, is a must-have for any soul looking for some musical entertainment to brighten and/or save their life.  If you were to combine Advil and Prozac into one pill, Parachutes would be the result.  It calms your nerves and goes beyond that to put a genuine smile on your face, that is, when you're not singing along with the melodic tunes.  ColdPlay is a more down-to-earth, less techno Radiohead.  Listen to Parachutes while falling asleep; you're dreams might still be completely bizarre, but they'll be blissful, if not inspiring, as is this phenomenal masterpiece.
B00004Z459|4.0|This is one of the best cds I own. Every song on this cd is awesome except for Cure for the Itch, which is a cheesy dj sample. If you have ever heard the song One Step Closer and you liked it, you should buy this cd. When I got this cd I had only heard the song One Step Closer, and I figured that would be the only good song on this cd. I was dead wrong. Linkin Park seem to have combined the style of Limp Bizkit and Korn beautifully, and if you don't like either of those two band don't be so quick to judge this cd. It is great, and anyone who likes any kind of popular music will like this cd. You can find traces of rap, rock, even the crappy boy band sound (and if you don't go for boy bands, which I don't, don't worry there isn't a whole lot of that crap on this cd). I would recommend this cd to anyone except my grandparents. The only cd that would get a higher rating from me would be Smash by The Offspring.
B000003Z12|5.0|I was never a big Journey fan. Perhaps it was before my time, or maybe I was musically illiterate for awhile, but Journey never really thrilled me much, &quot;Open Arms&quot; aside, and so the name Neal Schon was pretty much unknown to me for a long time. That was my loss. Now I know better. Now I understand what a great musician he is, and how much he has influenced music. Now I know that not only did he help form Journey, but he's also played with Santana and others. But for too long I was ignorant of him. Thankfully I have been saved.<br />For anyone who knows me, they know that guitar music is my passion, and great solo guitarists are my idols. People like Joe Satriani, Eric Johnson, and John Williams sparkle like stars in the sky, lighting my way through life. And one day I was in the record store, looking for something new to listen to. As I perused the different sections I stumbled across a CD called &quot;Beyond The Thunder.&quot; It had a guy playing guitar in the cover, and the layout was nice, so I thought, &quot;What the heck.&quot; I took it to the listening counter and asked them to pop it in, and for the next hour or so I was entranced. Here was guitar music like I'd never heard before. It had elements of rock, blues, jazz, world beat, and so much passion. I was swept away but Schon's ability to play guitar, especially on tracks like Bandalero, Cool Breeze, and Send Me An Angel. Bandalero has to be one of the greatest songs I've ever heard, and I can't say enough about how it makes me feel. I swoon. Suffice it to say, I bought the CD right then, and have had to replace it twice since (once because someone never gave it back after I foolishly let them borrow it, and another time because I'd carried it around so long it became too scratched to play).<br />Get this CD. Now. Quickly. It is a treasure of a disk, and if you love guitar, it will NOT disappoint.
B00000DFRS|5.0|Whitney's first album in 8 years. Wow, first one since Im Your Baby Tonight (1990). After a slew of successful movies she returns to the recording studio for a full album, this one called My Love Is Your Love. With a slew of guest artists and producers, this is one of her best albums yet. The album spinned off many hits such as Its Not Right But Its Okay (the remix is better), Heartbreak Hotel with Kelly Price &amp; Faith Evans (a very soulful R&amp;B song, youll love it), My Love Is Your Love (with Wyclef, a very touching song I love it), When You Believe (with Mariah Carey, its a really good song and they both sing so well, should of done way better than it got credit for), I Learned From The Best (one of three tracks penned by Diane Warren, produced by David Foster). However there is so much more on this album. Missy Elliot lends her talent to the hip hop song In My Business, If I Told You That is a funky R&amp;B tune which was later rerecorded for her Greatest Hits album this time with George Michael lending vocals, but this is just as good. Oh Yes tends to be a little over polished but still nice. Get It Back is a really funky R&amp;B tune youll love dancing to, Until You Come Back is the power ballad of the cd youll love, I Bow Out is another fun song as well. The album closes with two last tracks, the wonderful Youll Never Stand Alone which is almost the predeccor of You Were Loved, and the album closes with a R&amp;B song with Lauryn Hill called I Was Made To Love Him. This is a really good album with some good music, youll like it just give it a listen.
B000002P6R|2.0|Pete Townshend can write great songs, and these aren't bad. But the only reason to buy this album is to help complete your WHO collection. The only really good song is &quot;You Better You Bet&quot;. So unless you are a hardcore WHO fan (like myself) and need to complete your collection, buy something from their earlier days. I recommend &quot;Who's Next&quot; if you want their best...then go from there!
B00004ST9P|4.0|This overall is a very good collection. Much of her videos are here, a lot of them but not all of them. Everything from You Give Good Love to I Learned From The Best, with the exception of the inexcused absences of Run To You, I Believe In You And Me, Exhale, I Have Nothing, Im Every Woman, etc, which I find puzzling because they are on the cd but not here, I wonder why? I really think its stupid that Arista advertises this as 'every single Whitney Houston video is included' when they arent. Despite that its a good collection to have, as long as you dont mind missing those other songs. And whats with the DVD having extra stuff, some of us cant afford DVD players. Unfair I say.
B000002U8G|5.0|This album is truly great. Pink Floyd is hard to nail down as one type of music or another. They simply make THEIR music. &quot;One of these Days&quot; is a very cool song that builds from bass to explode into full-tilt rock. &quot;Fearless&quot; is another very good song. However, the near-30 minute &quot;Echoes&quot; steals the show!! I love this song; its classic Pink Floyd at their best! Its what you buy a Pink Floyd album for! For first-time Pink Floyd buyers, this one is a good pick. &quot;Animals&quot; and &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; are also good first-exposure albums. I'd get these before more commercial buys like &quot;the Wall&quot; or &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;. If you're already a fan, WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU WAITING FOR!! Get this album!
B00003CXE7|5.0|During a time when honor was held as one of the most admirable character traits, Maximus (Russell Crowe) is stripped from Caesar's favorite and thrown into the slave life of a gladiator.  Deprived of all that he owns, save his military tactics, Maximus fights his way back to Rome to avenge his family, and take back the honor he once held so dear to him.
B000002I2I|5.0|Appologies to Manzarek, Densmore, and Krieger, I didn't really mean it! Those 3 provide the musical foundation for one of the most distictive sounds in rock, the Doors. But this album, though it features GREAT music from the band, is my favorite because of JIM MORRISON's vocals. Every song is great, and I love Robbie's guitar on &quot;Peace Frog&quot;. Not always the most polished vocalist, Morrison's poetic genius and flair for theatrics propel each song to greatness. Even the slower, softer songs like &quot;Indian Summer&quot; and &quot;Blue Sunday&quot; sound awesome. This is probably my favorite Doors album, though &quot;Soft Parade&quot; is battling for that honor as well. In short, you can't go wrong by buying this album. DON'T BUY a &quot;greatest hits&quot; compilation of the Doors! Why you ask? Because, mark my words, you're going to end up buying every one of their albums once you start listening. Start with this one!
B00003CX95|5.0|A man's dream of living free of English rule, inspires hundreds of loyal Scots to fight by William Wallace's side; to take up arms and fight for their one chance of freedom.  Beautiful scenery, frighteningly realistic melees, and a wonderful storyline make this movie by far, one of the greatest modern day productions.
B000002UB3|5.0|Fab Four's finest here folks! Thats right, this is THE BEST Beatles album there is.  Plenty of great single tracks for you button-clickers, but believe me, you'll want to listen to this all the way through....over and over again! Possibly the best album ever.
B000009QPE|3.0|I've been hearing things like this is the best album EVER,whoa,that's a pretty big standard to live up to...well,it's failed,greatly. There's nothing &quot;extraordinary&quot; here, just another album. I've listened to it like 10 times,trying to see what's so special about it, and i don't see it. Sure,there's some good riffs,and some okay drumming,and the cover art is pretty cool,but that's all. Best song is without a doubt Angel of Death. But seriously, bands like &quot;Death of Millions&quot; and &quot;Pandemia&quot; are..better than Slayer. Of course you've probably never heard of them. So it goes. One of the most overrated bands in the metal world continues to get respect they don't really deserve. I can understand how,at the time,this must have been an amazing album to listen to,but in this day and age,there's stuff 100 times more Brutal,sick,and fast. Oh well. I bought this album with my brother's money and still havn't payed him back,so i guess i didn't lose much.
B000002UA2|4.0|Some people who claim to be Pink Floyd 'fans' haven't even heard of this album! Their loss!! This is a very good set of Pink Floyd songs, all of which are very short by Floyd standards...no 15-20 minute ramblers here. That is what helps make this album unique, all without losing any quality! A collection of 4-6 minute, good rock/pop songs...songs that are still distictly Pink Floyd. I highly recommend this album without reservation.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|When I first saw this movie I knew immediately afterwards that I had to buy the score to it. This is the most powerful and haunting music I think I have heard in my entire life. The soundtrack for &quot;Pi&quot; was extremely good music, but this score is just so amazing and has such a strong unique sound to it. I can't get it out of my head. I'm glad the are directors like Darren Aronofsky around and he writes his own stuff (well he wrote &quot;Pi&quot; himself, but he co-wrote &quot;Requiem For A Dream&quot; with Hubert Selby Jr.) but anyways, I think this is one of the best  things I've ever heard and I just wanted to say that
B000002OVJ|5.0|The Who are legendary for their live performances...sometimes more for their antics than for the music.  This album is all about the music.  If your only experience with the Who is hearing the radio version of Pinball Wizard, then you haven't heard the WHO.  The live tracks on this album ROCK and rock hard! Pete Townshend's guitar never sounded so raw and powerful, the Ox lays down some amazing bass lines, and Moon's drumming is phenomenal! Add Daltrey's vocals and you've got the best live album ever...no kidding!  This album has versions of some popular songs played the way they were meant to be played: Live and Loud! Most are better than their studio versions and the SOUND QUALITY of the recording is top notch (unlike many lesser live albums)! Buy this now.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|What you are experiencing with Rage Against the Machine is not only revolutionary, but history in the making. Not so much in numbers, but in sound. Our kids will be playing Rage on whatever the hell is out in years to come (probably chips smaller than a nickel) and we'll look back and say we knew back when. Battle of Los Angeles is the third instalment of the four studio albums from Rage. Explosive, vintage guitar riffs from Morello and Zack's lyrical attack gets you adrenalized more and more each time you listen. &quot;Testify&quot;, &quot;Guerilla Radio&quot;, &quot;Calm Like a Bomb&quot;, &quot;Sleep Now in the Fire&quot; and &quot;War Within a Breath&quot; are my personal favorites.  From a band who has never faded, they ended with 'Renegades' a month ago in their prime. Never disappointing and always amplified to just the right chord. No other band in the world can produce these sounds naturally like Rage does. They do not use synthesizers, turntables, voice-overs, or samples. They are straight forward rock/rap geniuses who bring the Battle of Los Angeles into the ranks of the greatest albums of all time.
B000002UAU|5.0|Often hailed as the crown jewel of the Beatles catalog, this album is pure artistic genius. But its value is in its originality and the willingness of the artists to try new ideas, not in pure musical value. I love all Beatles albums, and this is no exception: &quot;Lucy in the Sky...&quot;, &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, and the great &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; make this album a very worth while purchase. But if this is your first Beatles album, its a mistake...try &quot;Abbey Road&quot; or some of their earlier records first.
0553212737|5.0|I purchased &quot;Emma&quot; about a year ago and finally picked it up about 2 weeks ago. I was engrossed in the story from the beginning. Although it does take patience to get through some of the less exciting parts of the book, it is a very enjoyable book to read. By the end of the book, these characters will feel like your own family. I learned a lot about English culture and about how the upper class families used to live. Jan Austen is a very good author and could be classed with the best of them. Oddly, this book has a strikingly similar plot as the movie &quot;Clueless&quot;. After you read the book you will see a resemblance between Cher and Emma, Dion and Mrs. Weston, Elton and Mr. Elton, and Josh and Mr. Knightley. I HIGHLY recommend this book!
B000002UA0|3.0|As the only Pink Floyd studio album featuring original guitarist Syd Barrett, this is a true collectors item. The songs are fairly interesting, with &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; and &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; bordering on great. Why only 3 stars you ask? Well this album isn't really all that great to listen to. As a friend of mine would surely say, &quot;but its Barrett, dude, Barrett!&quot;. It sure is, but give me David Gilmour everyday of the week and twice on Sunday. Unless you have every other Pink Floyd album, pass on this.
6305897786|1.0|When I watched this movie with my sister soon after we saw the theatrical trailer (which was much more intriguing than the movie) I looked at my sister and we both said &quot;What the hell just happened?&quot; This movie was terrible, boring, bland, boring, absolutely uninteresting, and I forgot to say BORING. Don't waste your money on this crap. Roman Polanski directed one of the worst movies ever with this one. People, don't see it.
B000024D4R|5.0|Simply, this is the Best Pink Floyd album. Everyone has their opinion, and that was mine. Others prefer 'the Wall', 'Darkside', 'Wish You Were Here', or even 'Meddle'.  But when I think Pink, I think long songs with long instrumental breaks and fabulous musicianship. With this album you get not 1, not 2, but 3 such songs: &quot;Dogs&quot;, &quot;Pigs&quot;, and &quot;Sheep&quot; deliver everything you need in rock music and then some! Ranging from 10-20 minutes a piece, these songs not only keep you wanting more, but then give it to you! If I was there with you now, I would push you down and click 'buy' for you, because you must buy this album if you even remotely like music. You might get mad at me for pushing you down, but once you listen, you'll thank me:)
B000001ELR|4.0|This album leaves you wondering what could have been.... Ace left the fold though he is still given a lot of credit on this album.  Vinnie Vincent steps in with some good tunes but KISS fans largely despise this guy.<br />Eric Carr was an amazing drummer.  What could have become of KISS if he was alive and Ace was with the band?  Well, we will never know but you might have heard some classic heavy tunes instead of the limp pop rock that littered the 80's.
068484267X|5.0|There are not many books that draw me into them so far that I feel like I am accompanying the author on his life's journey, but Frank McCourt's Angela's Ashes and its sequel 'Tis do just that.  The imagery his wonderful use of words evokes is strong; he paints a bleak picture of his youth and the powerful feelings of inadequacy that attended it, but, yet, avoids my pity because he is so matter of fact in his reporting and so darned funny in describing the people who made up his world and using endearing repetitive phrases for emphasis.  Mr. McCourt is not just an expert memoir keeper; he is an excellent story teller.  I hope he has many more to tell.
630157401X|5.0|With the return of the Nazi's and a more historical plot, Crusade really shines.  This one is more like Raiders than Temple of Doom and that really helps this one out.<br />Also, the supprting cast is top-notch.  Connery as the Dad?  Hell yeah!  River Phoenix as young Indy?  You would swear they were really related.
6300185249|4.0|This movie really has some downright funny moments.  My personal favorite being the tub falling through the floor after Tom Hanks pours some water into it.  His reaction and over-the-top laughter will have you laughing right along with him.  This laugh can be found around the web on wav files.  It's truly a classic moment.
B00003CXDG|1.0|John Woo, the fanboy revered action director with a touch so subtle and vision so pure one could only take him to be the second coming of Renny Harlin, helmed this horrendous follow-up to Brian DePalma's often maligned, though simplistic, original Mission:Impossible.  Back again is Tom Cruise as Ethan Hunt, but he's no longer playing a super-spy.  No, he's now a gun-crazed, martial-arts skilled one-man army with bad hygiene and the incredible ability to jump off moving motorcycles while suffering nary a scratch. Of course one Hunt factor does continue, he picks some bad girlfriends.   <br />So with Woo directing, what do we get?  Possibly one of the worst films of all time.  Woo does his usual, packing on the two-fisted, guns blazing slo-motion &quot;ballet&quot;.  Of course if we put the whole film at regular speed, this turkey would barely clock in at over 30 minutes.  So Hunt's got guns ripping up everything in sight, Thandie Newton is along to play the lover interest and there's a barely there plot about some nasty little virus. Personally, I'd like to get my hands on the virus from the movie and take a healthy dose before witnessing this thing again.<br />Oh, by the way, it's got doves too.  A must for Woo.  We know how peaceful he really is.  And how he's trying to make a deep statement.  At least Woo didn't have Cruise running his hand all over characters' faces this time ala Face/Off.  I guess we can him credit for some growth.  Maybe in 10 or 20 films Woo will actually make a decent movie.  Who am I kidding?
B00003CX8J|5.0|I absolutely love this movie, but I really didn't like the extras that were included with the DVD.  The extra 10 minutes of footage were mostly scenes that deserved to be cut (because they were stupid) or were just different versions of the same scenes in the movie.  Hugh Jackman's screen test was not terribly exciting (after watching that I wondered how they knew he'd make a wonderful Wolverine), and I didn't even bother watching any of the other things included (interviews I think).  But even though the extras are not that special, I still recommend buying the movie on DVD- the effects are of course amazing and the movie is a great sci-fi/action movie!
B000006045|5.0|The tension and difficulties between band members in the recording of this album can be heard within the grooves of the disc.They have created an album of dark, paranoid and menacing trip-hop riffs that are made more sinister by the added layers of guitar.The listener is taken on a hypnotic,trance like ride (that is broken occasionally by the female voices of Elizabeth Frazer and Sara Jay) and by the end of it gets the impression that anger was the inspiration for the great music on the album.Many bands have tried to copy Massive Attack's sound but have sounded empty and bland in comparison (buy the real thing). Massive Attack are as imaginative and innovative as ever on this album and must surely be regarded as one of the greats.A CLASSIC!
B00002DEQQ|5.0|While in South America, I heard about 6 seconds of this album and eagerly asked who it was.  To my shock I learned that I had become a Tom Jones fan. Now that I have finally had the chance to hear the entire thing, I am convinced that it is one of the coolest albums I've ever heard, from start to finish. Some might dismiss it as an album of covers or a dinosaur digging out of the past...but this thing is so fun to listen to. Clever, edgy. It just rocks.
B000002LR3|5.0|This is the album that introduced a lot of rock fans to rave culture . The music on it is lowdown , dirty , and funky , and as cutting edge as dance music was at the time , it also has that uncompromising spirit that reminds me of the classic Sly and the family stone albums . Their version of the 13th Floor Elevators song - \\" slip inside this house \\" is worth the price of the cd alone , but the remaining tracks are as good as anything released in that era .<BR><BR>These songs were first recorded as orthodox rock songs and left in the can , but it is these inspirational dance remixes that have elevated this album to classic status . If you want to parteee try this album .<br />A genuine contender for album of the nineteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees !
B00004XQP4|4.0|I love Green Days new album and i am glad that the rest of the Uk are catching on, as Green day have achieved their highest ever placement for an album in the UK album charts.  Featuring songs like  Warning (best track), Minority, Jackass, Hold On and Castaway.  Any Green Day fan will like this album and i also think that this will be the album that attracts legions of new fans for them.(which they deserve)
B000002IJA|5.0|I bought this tape last week after seeing &quot;You Shook me all night long,&quot;on the list. There's alot of other great hits on this CD,&quot;Who Made Who,Hell's Bells,&quot; and two fantastic Instrumentals.I also love &quot;Sink the Pink,&quot; and the slowest rock cut,&quot;Ride On.&quot; If anyone just wants a taste of AC/DC,this tape is fantastic.Its not that long,but you can buy it at the record stores for under 8 bucks.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I have to say that i hadnt really been a big fan of Moby until, an advert couldnt go by without it featuring one of Moby's songs, so i decided to buy Play.  Im glad i did as its one of the best albums this year and i can understand why it is the second best selling album in the UK this year(beaten only by the Beatles).  Featuring hits such as Honey, Porcelain, Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad, Body Rock(my favourite),Natural Blues and Run On.  Even with all of these songs relesed as singles there are still plenty more on the album and im sure that you have heard one on an advert and probably liked it.
B000001Y5D|4.0|I mainly like the one big hit on this album, which was &quot;What's Up&quot; and the video was only number 35 in the MTV Top Video Countdown for 1993, but the song was written in 1991 (Stuck in the Throat, ASCAP owns the rights). The song &quot;Dear Mr. President&quot; dates back to 1989.  Some of these songs contain a relationship to politics which bears repeating.  &quot;What's Up&quot; is such a great song for me that I think it might have been rated more highly and played more often by the media if it didn't have the line, &quot;I pray every single day for a revolution.&quot;  Not that anything drastic is absolutely necessary; some things just start make us &quot;feeling a little peculiar,&quot; as the song puts it.<br />The first line, &quot;25 years of my life&quot; is less than the sentence a few Branch Davidians received for using automatic weapons in 1993 in the voluntary manslaughter of federal law enforcement officials near Waco, Texas, a crime so unthinkable that issues of self-defense could not be raised at their trial, however strange that may have seemed to a jury who also thought that it is possible to go to church without joining a conspiracy, even if someone at the church owns some machine guns.  This song deserved to be popular in 1993, when people might well wonder, &quot;what's goin' on?&quot;  It is difficult for me to imagine that a better version is going to hit the top of the charts any time soon.  The original is great.  Buy the original.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Streaming layers of hardcore flashing metal riffs embedded in an insane mixture of bass drum kicks and high-pitched keg pounding creates an atmosphere that is out of control; slipknot releases your deepest love and denigrating hatred.  Amidst the 9 man assault you can't stop jumping.  Frontman Corey Taylor's combination of screaming and eerie soliloquies is the perfect end to the perfect metal machine.  The only thing more off the hook than a Slipknot album is a Slipknot concert.  Use with caution...
0440219078|5.0|When every child in the village reaches the age of 12 they are assigned a job they will attend for the rest of their life. SO when Jonas recives the job of the reciver of memory he's a little more than nervous. He's supposed to recive memories of the past so he can help instruct the leaders of the village. But as he recieves memories he sees a new society, of how things used to be. A place where color, music, pain, and war exists. He also notices the flaws ot the society that he lives in today. WHat will he do about it?<br />I found this book to be both moving and inspiring. Like other books I have read it forces you to think of what the future could be like. A more likely version than alien's taking over and having a Star wars-esque way of living. I would reccomend this book to anyone who has an open mind to orginal fiction. It's really a five star book!
0812589041|5.0|Six-year old protagonist, Andrew Wiggin, &quot;Ender,&quot; is one of the most brilliant people ever born.  His birth was predicted by scientist/king makers/politicans who were monitoring his gene pool, i.e., his equals in intellect but &quot;flawed&quot; older brother and sister.  Monitored since his birth to see if he could live up to his destiny of becoming the most brilliant leader the world has ever produced, Ender seems to have the rare combination that the king makers/politicans/scientists were looking for: brilliance with compassion and heart, but a need that superceeds any compassion or ambivalence (heart), a need to always, but always, to win!  Why?  The world needs just such a person to lead the military in facing the third inter-gallactic war with the extra-terrestrial &quot;buggers,&quot; the enemy.  Or what?  Or the Earth maybe in danger of becoming instinct.<br />What makes &quot;Ender's Game&quot; the most entertaining, exciting and gratifying book to read is that it is not just a story of a battle with aliens, but a book of MEDITATION on what it is to be born a gifted human being, what it is to be someone who has the responsibility of the whole world on one's shoulders and must rise to the challenge of one's destiny.  And what a challenge that is.  There is enough to crumble a grown person but a six-year old child?  The writer, Orson Scott Card, in forging Ender's inner constitution, intentionally or not, leads him and therefore the readers, through the peripathetic steps of the classic Stoic school of thinking of the real life military leader, Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius (AD 121-180).  Marcus Aurelisu spent an entire life seeking wisdom and meditating on what it meant to be the kind of GREAT LEADER that in his case, in real life, he self-manifested to become.  He was born a leader, but he made himself a GREAT ONE by self-examinations and seeking wisdom and greatness, like our fictional hero Ender. <br />A brief intro to Stoicism: The Stoics believed that their philosophy on life should be to &quot;strive after wisdom.&quot;  Wisdom in turn was defined as &quot;the knowledge of things divine and human&quot;--&quot;Ender's Game,&quot; sequel &quot;Speaker for the Dead,&quot; deals with such issues, so I have been told, I have yet to read the sequel.  Knowledge was then divided into three branches: Logic; Physics; Ethics, all of the areas that Ender struggles with as those of you who have read &quot;Ender's Game,&quot; already know.  <br />Whether you are a CEO, a soldier or general, or even a megalomaniac, or whether you want to be these things, read this book.  Or better yet, don't read this book because those who have the information have the power, and maybe I don't want to share this book with you.  Just kidding.  Since the logic and language is clear and clearly descriptive, even if you are not a sci-fi fan, this book is extremely entertaining to read.  And if you are a Sci-fi fan, if you have not read it, then you are missing out on maybe the best book since &quot;Do Androids dream of  electric sheep.&quot;
0790729636|4.0|Ok, I admit it.  This movie is all about special effects, but for those of you who said it has no plot, you must have been watching a different movie.  I understood the plot the first time I watched the film.  It actually has several plots.  There is the obvious love triangle, and then there is the race to be the first to test a new tornado observation technology, (Dorothy).  There are also several sub plots which I will not go into.  The bottom line is, this movie is fun to watch!  It kept me, and everyone else I know on the edge of their seat!  Being from Oklahoma where the film is set, it was even more interesting.
B000050XEI|5.0|Once again the bautiful lady of wonderful music and lovely eyes gives us a reason to dream, and show what talent is all about!<br />There's a special magic around her (and her music) that you can't help but feeling. Sometimes I think she must be Eutherpe's daughter...
B000002ULO|4.0|This album blows away everything Paul did since the underrated Give My Regards To Broad Street album.  Some of the tracks are hauntingly beautiful, such as Somedays and Little Willow.  Beautiful Night may very well be among the best songs Paul has ever done (and that's saying something), although some have said it was overdone.  While the ballads are great, Sir Paul also rocks out on this album with The World Tonight, Young Boy, and Flaming Pie.  However, a McCartney album wouldn't be a McCartney album if it didn't have pointless filler tracks on it. The Steve Miller collaboration Used to Be Bad and the Ringo Starr collaboration Really Love You are boring at best.  However, the album is also redeemed by acoustic-oriented pieces such as The Song We Were Singing, Calico Skies, and Heaven on a Sunday.  Overall, this ablum is the definitive one for the Paul McCartney of the 1990's, and is most certainly worthy of &quot;that other band he was in&quot;.
0790729628|3.0|This movie is so boering without the diaolgue. If you are thinking of buying the movie I would suggest you are all caught up in your sleep before you watch this movie. because the narriation in the original made this movie great.
B000002NIW|5.0|With this sophomore followup to 1995's Adrenaline, The Deftones took the sound they were loved for and grew on it. This is easily one of the best cds I own. As much as I love Adrenaline, it is nowhere near the great cd this is. Taking their hard edge and adding a more melodic sound, Chino and the gang created a masterpiece of metal. The riffs are crushing and catchy, and the work bewteen Abe and Chi creates one of the best rhythm sections in a band. Starting the cd off is My Own Summer, a song most people will recognize. Chino sounds great vocally on this track. The next two tracks are more melodic, and Mascara is almost ballad-esque. Simply beautiful. Crushing riffs and screams make sure the title track stays in your head for days, and Rickets could easily have been a big hit. My personal faves here are Be Quiet and Drive and Headup, which features Max of Soulfly. All in all, its worth your money, as are the other releases from this great band.
B00004XQP4|4.0|This album is pretty good but it isn't your usual punkish Green Day...I hope they don't mellow out or anything. It is a good album full of interesting songs. &quot;Blood, Sex, and Booze&quot; is my fave on the album. Other good ones include &quot;Warning&quot;, &quot;Minority&quot;, &quot;Castaway&quot;, and &quot;Macy's Day Parade&quot;. Billie Joe Armstrong writes strange but good lyrics and it results in a good album. However, it is nothing near the quality of Dookie and Nimrod.
B00004XQP4|4.0|this album is a new direction for green day. instead of billie joe singing about masturbation, apathy, and wasting time, the band has expanded their horizons with well written lyrics, and creative music and beats, as comapred with the old three-chord, simple beat style. ive always liked green day's music, and the 2 different styles can't be compared... all im saying is, it's a change, and change is good
B00004YRQA|5.0|This little card is worth the money.  I made the mistake of not getting one right away and ended up leaving my unit on for three days so I wouldn't lose my data.  Needless to say, I now have one and don't recommend that others make the same mistake!
0767830555|3.0|would of been way musch better if it was made in the 90's.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I am not a comic book fan. The last time I read one I think I put it away and reached for Dr. Seuss. So I was a bit surprised at how much I enjoyed this comic-book inspired film, and it has recieved an exceptional treatment on this DVD edition. True, the story is more or less a showcase for the good and evil mutants' various abnormal attributes, but watching it all unfold is admittedly fun. As for the DVD, the picture quality is beautiful, with rich, bold colors and well-detailed dark scenes. There is basically nothing at all about the picture that distracts, which is always a plus for true videophiles! The overall production design on this movie is magnificent and meticulous. As for sound, if you like to be fully immersed in every sound effect, growl from Sabertooth and Wolverine, or flick of Toad's disgusting tongue, you will not be disappointed. Crystal clear, well-defined audio is a hallmark of this disc. My surround speakers can't remember when they've had such fun...well, maybe Gladiator.. The special features are a nice presentation, with the ability to reinsert cut scenes into the actual film being the coolest one. I could have done without the cut-and-paste interview with Bryan Singer, but its nice to at least get badly recorded sound bites of his thoughts than nothing at all. My only &quot;wish&quot; for what I think would've been a cool special feature is a detailed featurette of how they turned Rebecca Romjin-Stamos into the shape-shifting mutant Mystique...truly a work of art!
6305313687|5.0|This movie is quite possibly the most surprising film I have ever seen.  I expected the usual solid performance by Norton, but I was blown away by his portrayal of Derek Vinyard.  Not only does he look the part (due to some serious gym work and some tattoos), his actions and rhetoric are so convincing that you can't help believing his character.  A solid performance was also turned in by the supporting cast, especially Edward Furlong playing Danny, the younger brother.  I have shown this film to several people, and every one of them has remained speechless at the end of the movie, mostly due to the surprise ending and the strong message this movie sends.  Norton should have taken home Oscar gold for this one.
B0000558LN|5.0|This is a feel good happy movie!  I really find it annoying that people would say the way they dress makes them non-feminist.  The last time I checked america was a free country and women could wear whatever they want to without being labeled.  Feminism is an attitude not a look.  The movie is not a feminist joke.  It's about women who are in control and having the time of their lives!  Definately worth the watch!
0805017305|5.0|Be prepared to be affected by this book. I guarantee that you can not read it without being emotionally touched and moved by this account of the loss of a beautiful land, the demise of a conscientious and spiritual way of life and finally the extirpation of a nation of people; or at least their ceasing to exist as free, independent, proud and noble individuals.<br />The  book had a profound impact on readers when it was first published in 1971 for a couple of reasons. Firstly, it took a unique perspective. Reports of Treaty meetings, tribal histories, Congressional findings and interview transcripts have all been distilled to provide the Indian point of view. Indeed the books' subtitle is 'An Indian History of the American West'.  The second factor has to do with when the book was published. Interest in environmental issues was growing and the accounts of the destruction by the settlers of the Eastern forests, the soiling of the rivers and the slaughter of the Buffalo herds struck a chord, especially when contrasted with the practices of the Indians. Readers began to see Indians in a different light, as the first conservationists.<br />The period of history covered is short. From about 1860 to 1890. The first chapter briefly sketches the interactions between Eupopean and Indians from the formers' arrival in Massachusetts in 1620 up to the setting up of the 'permanent indian frontier' west of the Mississippi in 1847.<br />The 'frontier' lasted no time at all. Gold was discovered, land was sought and settlers flocked west. To cover this in legitimacy it was necessary to invent 'Manifest Destiny'. The Indians were now doomed as history has shown that this policy made it manifest that the Indians were destined to be swept aside by the white man. All that we have left is their legends, their magical placenames and some works like this book that provides insights into how the West was really lost.
B000001Y2U|5.0|This album is one that defined a place in time that was not too long ago.This album clearly is more commercial than Smells Like Children and Portait Of An American Family but the message in the songs is definitely uncommercial.This is essential to the people who think they have no place to fit in to society are confused and trapped.A very sexually disturbing album.The violence is really nothing new.The tracks like Kinderfeld and Man That You Fear really are good songs.Overall this album lacks the cartoonish appeal of Smells Like Children and Portrait.It is a serious album and I like it that way but the most artistically satisfying albums the band has recorded are Mechanical Albums and Holy Wood.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Okay, Fred Durst wasn't that great a rapper on this album. However on the new album the rap songs are my favorite, and the ones that aren't anywhere by rap I dislike ironically. Songs like the different paced &quot;No Sex&quot; are disliked by many people, and at the same time, my favorite song from this album. I first heard Nookie, which was worth it, even if it seemed dumb to others. I may not like it as much as 311 or Kottonmouth Kings, but I still like this album. I have a feeling Limp Bizkit are going to the rap rock loop like RATM and the Beastie Boys, who are great now did. Don't expect it to be too rock on the next set. Aaron Lewis helped in part of a track, and anyways, he is also signed to Flip records. But however, a different imprint. I may have disliked Chocolate Starfish And The Hot Dog Flavored Water because at first it's hard to appreciate. I do have to say his rapping sucks worst on this album. For any fan it's a must however. N 2 Gether Now (f/ Method Man) sounded great to me, even though I like the Wu-Tang Clan member's rapping much better than Fred's. A Lesson Learned is a weird song, however I love it. I also realize there were no songs sampling others as he did on &quot;Hot Dog Water&quot; on his new CD. However, Trent Reznor gave him the permission. I wouldn't mind that either. Even though they were getting stardom from TRL on this album, i end up liking it unlike how some people are. I also definitely recommend their debut LP, Three Dollar Bill Yall$. I hope you will catch these tracks I've mentioned because that's what makes the album worth the money.
0385334206|5.0|BUY IT.<br />READ IT.<br />REPEAT.<br />-- MORE RELEVANT AND MUCH FUNNIER THAN THE BIBLE.
B00000IPAX|4.0|It seems that people have claimed Lit's A Place In The Sun as all tracks sound the same. Well, I love the tracks but no diversity. I love the songs What's My Age Again and Anthem. They seem to get me in an upbeat mood. Also Party Song was a pretty cool fast-paced song. Give it up for Mark, Travis, and Tom.
6301969588|5.0|Tod Browning's Freaks is a prime example of what films used to be and a sad reminder that they will never quite be like this again. Based on the short story 'Spurs' by Tod Robbins, the movie tells the story of a circus midget who falls in love with a beautiful, 'normal' trapeze artist. When she and her strongman lover try to poison him for his money, the 'freaks' exact their revenge on them. Browning, a former circus performer himself, treats his unusual cast of real-life circus freaks with genuine sympathy. They are the true human element of the film. In most ways this is the first truely compassionate horror film ever made. But upon it's release, censors flipped, audiences ran in horror, and the film was yanked from the screen and banned in Europe for 40 years. A shame, indeed, as the film is a true triumph for Browning. A film that makes a convincing argument about our expectations of beauty and humanity. Sure, it's creepy and frightening. But it's also very sad. It shows you that it's not what we look like that makes us human or that we don't have to be beautiful to be respected. A strange argument for a 'horror' film to make. The only downside to this long-lost and vastly underappreciated film is that the sound can sometimes be rather muffled and a few of the actors have thick accents that sometimes make understanding the dialogue a chore. But it's a minor complaint and doesn't really distract from the wonder up on the screen. If you're in the mood for something a little... uh... different... definitely check this one out. You will be thankful you did.
B0000026WD|5.0|The Dangerous album is by far Michael's best.The reason I like it is because it has a few more songs on it than the DANGEROUS video.I also like it because it has my favourite song on it:Who Is It.See I have some other cd's of Michael and I listen to them and some of the songs are sort of boring.This cd kept me interested throughout the whole 14 songs because pretty much all the songs have a fast beat that kepps you in it.I recomend every Michael Jackson to get this cd because it is easily his best one.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke is the kind of bedtime story you always wanted to be told as a child but never were. It is by far and away the most beautifully animated FILM (not cartoon) ever made and if this doesn't change your acceptance level of animated films as 'real' movies, nothing will. The story is very mythological in it's aspirations but never loses it's very strong conviction that man and nature MUST co-exist in order for the planet to survive. It's exquisite translation by DC comics scribe Neil Gaiman (of The Sandman fame) helps maintain the deeply emotional and thoughtprovoking nature of the original Japanese script while the voice acting (by the likes of Billy Crudup, Minnie Driver, Claire Danes, Billy Bob Thorton, and Gillian Anderson) is perfectly dead-on and expressive. The whole film just shines with high-production values and never - not even for a second - bores the eye. It's bright and colorful enough for the kids to gawk at while adults can immerse themselves in the philosophical aspects of the story and the truly touching love story. I'd dig deeper into the story but I perfer not to. This is one film you should watch knowing absolutely nothing about. Just sit back and allow yourself to be surprised by this truly ingenious and elegant piece of visual art. A masterpiece.
0312243022|4.0|A lovely elegaic, moving book.  If you like character-driven novels depicting full, three-dimensional real people, read The Hours.  If you love Virginia Woolf or remember Mrs. Dalloway fondly, this is a no-brainer -- you must read The Hours.  It's a classically written work delving into the nature of our existence and our everyday lives.  What inspires us?  What keeps us going?  So with that said, if you're not a fan of a novel unless it is a cliff-hanging, suspense novel in which things blow up and crimes are committed, then definitely definitely move on.  Oh there is suspense (lots of it), but it is in more of a British novel vein (I know something has to happen, but gosh darn it, what?  and when?), and Cunningham pays off.  If you like the works of Woolf, Forster, Ishiguro, this is time well spent (pun intended).  Worthy of its Pulitzer.  Read through to the very end.  The last two pages are amazing.
6305041156|5.0|'Ran' was not Akira Kurosawa's last film but it grandly serves as a fine epitaph for one of the greatest filmmakers of all time. It was his last epic film and, by far and away, his best. This adaptation of Shakespeares 'King Lear' is both tragic and touching, warm and heart-breaking. It moves along at a somber pace, as if it didn't know where it was going. We watch the fall of a king, the manipulation of another, a family destroying itself, blood being spilled, loyalties being torn apart... and we feel it happen to us. Kurosawa's greatest gift was to attach the audience to his characters. By the end of 'Ran' we have been devastated and redeemed. The true human aspects of the story never take second place to the pure spectacle on the screen. With an outstanding group of actors at his disposal, Oscar winning Costume Design, and the sheer beauty of the setting, Kurosawa creates his greatest film of a long and gifted career. A film for true followers of the medium by a man who not only worked in it but perfected it as well. A true masterpiece.
B00004U30D|4.0|As far as the movie, I doubt that I need to tell you much about it.  You've already seen the rave reviews from critics and fans.  A great masterpiece on lives that are unfulfilled by living the 24/7 suburbia lifestyle.  A smart criticism of the shallowness that exists in American life and behavior.  Great moments such as the homophobic Marine displayed as a closet gay.<br />A little annoying with it's premise based in &quot;yuppie life.&quot;  For instance, the college kid that carries around a camcorder,  the usual yuppie suburbia cliche of a fairly successful drug dealer, etc...  The important part though is that if you are not someone who has lived this priviledged lifestyle, you can still relate to the characters and their search for truth in the world.  The director deserved the Academy Award.  I can't think of many motion pictures that had this much smoothness to the scenes.  (Even more brilliant when you consider the director was working in an extended portrayal of normal suburbia life.)<br />But I'd also like to tell you about the Awards Edition inserts.  A HUGE disappointment and the main reason I'm lowering this to four stars.  There is a 10-15 minute clip that is excellent with a focus on the director, writer, produers and actors.  But the other two segements are junk.  There is a 10-15 minute clip that is comparable to an Entertainment Tonight clip.  The other 40 or so minutes is dedicated to the director reviewing the story boards for the movie.  Each three picture panel is reviewed on average five minute each and is a great source for sleep. :)  It contains much addolation from the movie makers on how well they pulled off a certain scene from it's story board picture to the actual film, some brilliant insight, but a rip-off.  The &quot;Making Of&quot; portion is a let down.<br />DO NOT MISS this movie though.  A great piece of film making.
0780021150|5.0|When sound was first introduced into film, the natural response from filmmakers was to use it as much as they possibly could. For Fritz Lang, however, it was to be used sparingly, more like punctuation then narrative. The story of 'M' should be familiar to those who have seen Spike Lee's magnificant 'Summer Of Sam'. There's a killer on the streets, kidnapping and slaying young children, and the police and the underworld of criminals have both set their sights on him. The film doesn't really concern itself with the killer, although he does have a few striking scenes (especially at the film's end where he pitifully tries to plead his case before the kangeroo court of criminals before him) but more so with the dividing line between criminals and police. Both want the killer caught for different reasons. The police want him to end the murders, the crooks want him caught so the cops will ease off their nightly patrols. The film makes these comparisons strikingly clear. It is a powerful film about desperation and fear, justice and innocence. Peter Lorre is remarkable in the role of the killer, his bug-eyed face twisting and contorting with considerable creepiness. His ending monologue is one of the greatest moments in the history of film. Fritz Lang's direction is near-perfect and again his use of sound is breathtaking. The shrill whistling of a tune has never been so frightening before. For all those interested in seeing just how great a film can be, this is one of those must-have films in your collection.
0552137030|5.0|I have read this book exactly a year ago and now am considering re-reading it. It is a highly entertaining, absorbing and funny work. At times I had to put it down because I could not concentrate too well, I was laughing too hard.<br />The way he treats the theme of apocalypse and doomsday is interesting and unique. It is clear that the author has an outlook of an open-minded person, not affected by any specific religious belief. The fact that he shows the dark angel as a positive character in the book only strengthens that impression.<br />The book is a must read to anyone who enjoyed Douglas Adams' &quot;Hitchiker's Guide To The Galaxy&quot;. This book is just as funny, if not funnier.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This sequel may be even better than the original. There's more pure action in this movie but I think the original was able to build the suspense without action much longer--until the one scene with John Hurt where finally all hell breaks loose and the alien is on the prowl, finishing off the human crew one by one.<br />For a pure action flick this is probably still the better movie. I've heard some people say this is the greatest action movie ever. I'm not knowledgeable enough about action movies to say for sure but if you like scary action thrillers with lots of violence this movie is for you.
B000007OY0|5.0|This movie really delivers in every catagory. The plot and script are both great, adapted by a story from Stephen King. The characters are all well portrayed, and after watching the movie we feel like we have gotten to know them. Simply one of the best movies I have ever seen.
0380788624|5.0|I bought this book and the non-fiction &quot;The Code Book&quot; at the same time. I found this book covered much of the same material - especially post WWII - but with the added enjoyment of an action adventure story that kept me turning pages way after my bedtime. Sort of &quot;Indiana Jones meets Alan Turing&quot;. An interesting bit of prediction - shortly after I finished the book I read in &quot;Wired&quot; about an operation to set up a real 'data haven' like the fictional one that the characters in the book did. A great read. Not reccomended for the faint of brain.
B00003CX8I|4.0|The movie was a good one, with plenty of interesting characters based off the comics and lots of great action scenes. Some good one-liners as well, and it is an overall good film in its own right. I think that we will see a Star Trek- or Superman-like franchise before long though, with lots of films gradually declining in quality, but the first one was great anyway.
0684853523|5.0|Steve@Templartreasure.com: Does Stephen King really expect anyone to believe that his books have no plot? There is very little of this Seinfeldian approach to writing in his work. All have an important plot that often keep the reader awake at night. His character developement is the key to his success and one would have to look to someone like Steinbeck to find an equal.<br />The greatest part about this book and his Danse Macabre is the feeling that he is a friend, and reading the book, you are simply listening to a friend.
B00004XPP0|1.0|I love the Star Wars movies, and I have seen them more than a couple times, as I'm sure everyone else has. But this is outrageous. I see no need for ANOTHER repackaging and redistribution of the same Star Wars movies. I could see if it included Star Wars: Episode One, but it doesn't. It does have a featurette on the making of Episode II, but there is nothing else new here. So if you already own them, don't bother. If you do not already own these classic works of Science Fiction, and can't wait for them to come out on DVD, buy this set now, but only under those conditions.
B00004TRD8|5.0|First off, this DVD sets new standards as to extras for die-hard fans. There's no argument there.  I do want to warn fellow T2 fans though.  The &quot;Special Edition&quot; version of the film on this DVD is *NOT* new.  This is the exact same &quot;Special Edition&quot; of the film that was released back in 1994 by Live Home Video as a boxed set of the Special Edition on VHS along with a supplemental tape, which included the American trailers (also on the DVD) and &quot;T2:  More Than Meets the Eye,&quot; which is also on the DVD.  The only difference in MTMTE is that the credit is given to Showtime, not Live.  If you already own this older Special Edition, and that's all you are interested in, don't buy this DVD.  If you're a die-hard fan, though, who loves the idea of tons of Featurettes, a script on the screen, and, best of all in my opinion, a widescreen version of the Special Edition we saw six or seven years ago, this is still a very good buy for the 30 bucks or so you'll end up paying for it.  Just don't confuse yourself into thinking that this Special Edition is different (other than widescreen) than the original VHS Special Edition because you'll be disappointed.  No, the scene with the T-1000 rubbing John's belongings is *not* restored, nor is the &quot;old Sarah&quot; ending.  Those are still on More than Meets the Eye, but not in the film itself. If you're a big T2 fan, you'll love this DVD. If you're a fan that only cares about the Special Edition content, that cares nothing for featurettes, and who already owns the VHS Special Edition, you might as well hang onto the money and wait for T1 to come out on DVD.
B00004X0M6|4.0|Laura won the in the new artist category at the Festival of San Remo in 1993, at the age of 18.  <br />We hadn't seen a new album in two years, I was beginning to get worried.  Laura is very popular in South America but she just doesn't seem to have taken off in the U.S.  I think she will be doing an English album next.  In the meantime, check out her fan website, it's one of the better ones out there.  This Spanish version of this CD is very good, although I prefer the Italian.  My favorite? &quot;Un error de los grandes&quot;--the sentiment rings true.
0671034065|4.0|Good page turner, but takes too long to get the first murder. I liked the love story, but it was a bit much. Good twist at the end.
B00004YW6I|5.0|In a wholly new light, Polly Jean Harvey shares her innermost feelings as a performing artist with this recording. Accused by some of going commercial -- Not True, IMHO, although she managed something I believed impossible: humming a PJ Harvey tune while driving and not being able to get it out of your head!- the most incendiary british female performer since Marianne Faithfull, explores a love affair and its aftermaths and possibilities.<br />Songs like &quot;This is Love&quot;, &quot;Good Fortune&quot;, &quot;One thing&quot;, and my favorite &quot;You said something&quot; manage to communicate a bouyancy a hope and a sense of love. This is the perfect gift for that person you want to understand how special he/she might be, and it is also, a manifestation of art, in more senses than one.<br />God bless Ms. Harvey. May she com to new shores again and again.
B000001DTM|5.0|When I bought this album I had only heard three of the songs(One, Mysterious Ways, and Love is Blindness). After listening to it I was pleasantly suprised. All the songs were so good! I especially enjoyed &quot;Until the end of the world,&quot; &quot;The fly,&quot; and &quot;Ultraviolet(light my way).&quot; In my opinion this has got to be U2's best album, because of its refreshing new style. It is a big change from their previous works. They were all good but if you want to see or rather hear a new U2 with a great new sound then this is the album for you.
B00003XB8K|2.0|ENIGMA 3 + O FORTUNA + CRETU SHOUTING + NASTY GUITARS = SCREEN BEHIND THE MIRROR. As simple as that.<br />I can't deny that from a more technical point-of-view we could say this is the best Michael Cretu production to date, but it sounds just like Enigma 3! While listening to it I thought: &quot;Hey! This song is a faster, remixed 'Why!'&quot;, or &quot;Isn't that from the last track of the first album?&quot;, or &quot;Somebody tell him to stop shouting!&quot;. Most elements and instruments used in the songs sound as if they were RECYCLED from his earlier work. Also, there are too many &quot;O Fortuna&quot; adaptations and remixes out there to listen to random samples across an entire album. There is no strong &quot;hit&quot; song either, or at least as engaging as &quot;Return to Innocence&quot;, &quot;Carly's Song&quot;, &quot;Why!&quot;, &quot;Mea Culpa&quot; or &quot;Sadeness&quot;. If you want more Enigma 3, buy this album. If you'd like evolution in Cretu's work, look elsewhere because in this album there is none.
B000006E17|4.0|Ever wondered how a film version of Marquis DeSade's &quot;120 Days of Sodom&quot; might be like?  &quot;Salo&quot; is the answer.  Salo is a film which has been mislabeled everywhere it goes.  It has been filed in the pornography section, the horror section, and has been categorized along with films like the &quot;Ilsa&quot; series and &quot;I spit on your grave.&quot;  Yet those films, which were true exploitation films, are nowhere near as shocking as Pasolini's &quot;Salo.&quot;  And the funny thing is, there isn't even as much violence in Salo as in the aformentioned films, or even today's films such as those by Tarantino and Stone.  <br />Pasolini is no exploitation director - He has receieved many awards and praise for his &quot;updated classics&quot; like the Canterbury Tales and Arabian Nights.  &quot;The Gospel According to St. Matthew&quot; received the highest possible rating from probably the stingiest critic today, Leonard Maltin.  &quot;Salo&quot;, on the other hand, received a Bomb by Maltin.  The most controversial elements of this film are mainly the use of underage actors, who are perhaps real teens (not those twenty-somethings Hollywood uses and passes off as teens).  They are used as subjects of torture by four cruel, remorseless men which put them through eating excrement, whipping, drinking urine, and, in the climax, torture.  The film is also filled with sex, both hetero and homo.  Yet, despite all this disgusting matter, the film is directed very masterfully.  Shot very realistically, you get the feeling of being a witness to atrocities that were committed in real life at another time in history.  The sets are very beautiful, and the torture scenes are VERY realistic, and the tension during these scenes are made even more horrific, credit to ominous growling sounds in the background and a classic score from Orff's &quot;Carmina Burana.&quot;  &quot;Salo&quot; can even be viewed as an extreme allegory, where the four men represent Fascists, and the teens are victims of fascism.  Whether it'd be viewed as trash, allegory, an extreme film on censorship, film adaptation of a nearly unfilmable book, a masterpiece, or even an anti-masterpiece without compromises, excuses, or any happy endings, &quot;Salo&quot; can never be forgotten by anyone who has the chance of seeing it.  Unfortunately, the studio stopped releasing the video.  There has never been a film before like &quot;Salo&quot;, and there probably will never be any more after.
B00000DC10|4.0|When underground bands break up, there's no career retrospectives on MTV and no greatest hits albums, but aftershocks are felt throughout the scene. Hardcore punk band Refused's farewell hits especially high on this Richter scale. \\"The Shape of Punk to Come,\\" with its irregular time signatures, techno beats and drastic pace variations, should have music fans asking \\"what is this?\\",  the same way people did in the `70s when they heard the first wave of punk bands.      One of these groups, the Ramones, once sang \\"We want the airwaves.\\" Refused demands the airwaves back on \\"Liberation Frequency,\\" which combines radio-friendly melodies with precise bursts of fury. This song addresses the need for new creative voices to reclaim culture for the working classes. Another tune dealing with this theme, \\"New Noise,\\" begins with electronic drumbeats and subdued guitar before singer Dennis Lyxzen's self-answering question \\"Can I scream?\\" rips the song open.      The album begins with the phrase \\"they say the classics never go out of style, but they do.\\" Still, Refused pays its respects to the past with \\"Protest Song `68\\" and the spectacular goring of \\"Bad to the Bone\\" blues riffs at the end of \\"Deadly Rhythm.\\" A more recent influence, Fugazi-style emocore, powers the title track, which urges fans to dress up in their most rebellious attire and check out \\"smashed guitars just like you've seen on TV.\\"    Lyxzen pens some memorable lyrics, such as \\"scared that we might fail/ we'll accomplish nothing/ not even failure\\" and \\"rather be forgotten than remembered for giving in.\\" Both lines serve as fitting epitaphs for Refused, whose final album is experimental, radical and sometimes brilliant. If this is the shape of punk to come, the genre's future looks brighter than ever.
0790729628|5.0|If you liked Bladerunner the first time, watching it on DVD will blow you away.  The sound and picture are so much clearer and the director's cut adds a few more insights into the characters.  My wife, who usually doesn't enjoy sci-fi, really liked the movie as well.<br />I highly recommend it.<br />Happy holidays.<br />Darin
0380789019|5.0|For those of us who are fans of Neil's earlier works, his unique combination of lyrical prose, gripping suspense, and wonderfully weird imagination is old news, but we never grow tired of reading it.  Whenever I read a new short story of his, I rediscover what a strange and wonderful world this is.  So when I began reading &quot;Neverwhere,&quot; I was prepared, but I still got a shock.  For any novel, it is first-rate.  For a first novel, it is phenomenal.<br />The story centers around Richard Mayhew, a young man from London who stops to help a girl he finds bleeding in the street, and is drawn, against his will, into her world.  London Below, a world of dark tunnels and strange people.  At least, some of them are people.  The girl is Door, who can open anything from a puzzle box to a blank wall, but can't unlock the mystery of who had her family killed, and why.  Her companions are the Marquis de Carabas, who can get you anything you want in return for a favor, and Hunter, a predator among predators and an occasional bodyguard.<br />Back in our world, Richard is discovering that his ATM cards won't work, taxis won't stop for him, and unless he talks to someone directly, they won't even notice he's there, and if they do, their attention soon wanders and they forget that he's standing right in front of them.  He has slipped into London Below, where the rats are kings, where the people who have fallen through the cracks of our world come, the lost and the forgotten.  With Door, Hunter, and the Marquis, he embarks on a journey that will take him to places he's only seen in his nightmares.<br />From the first page to the last, this book held me so deeply in its thrall that I didn't leave my room for a day and a half, and then I ventured forth only for food, and I brought the book with me and read it at the table.  &quot;Neverwhere&quot; was as far from what I expected it to be as &quot;A Midsummer Night's Dream&quot; is from &quot;Curious George Goes To The Zoo.&quot;It has the temporary honor of being my favorite book (an often-changing position) and is sure to become a classic, not only in gothic fantasy, but in all literature.
6305052158|4.0|One-Eyed Jacks is a very good movie.  Unfortunatly it is a very poor DVD.  I have actually bought this film twice.  The first time I bought it on VHS and I was very disappointed with the picture and sound quality.  When I found it on DVD I should have realized that the inexpensive price meant another poor version, but I thought since it was on DVD it must be remastered.  It is not and was not.  In fact this is the worst DVD I have ever seen it terms of picture and sound quality.  It is too bad because Marlon Brando, in the only picture he ever directed, has created a film worth seeing.  Hopefully some company will realize this and give us films fans a version we can enjoy.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I loved The Beatles as a kid and stiil do as an adult. Keeping it simple and happy is what they do best. Something not often seen on today's charts. I recently purchased &quot;Beatles 1&quot; and &quot;The Guzzlers&quot;, &quot;All Alone In Texas&quot; CD's from Amazon and haven't listened to anything except those 2 since I recieved them. Life is good!
0553208845|5.0|Hermann Hesse is one of my favorite all-time authors.  He died in 1966, but in his lifetime he wrote some stellar books, all with heavy metaphysical elements, of which Steppenwolf is probably the best known.  Others were Demian and Magister Ludi (The Glass Bead Game.)<br /><br />This is without doubt my favorite.  Siddhartha is the tale of the spiritual journey of the protagonist, Siddhartha.  It is no accident that he has the same name as the Prince of Gautama who became better known as The Buddha.  For me to tell you about the story would spoil it for you, for it is the story that is important.<br /><br />If you have any inclination to seek answers to the great metaphysical questions which have captured the attention of the world's greatest minds since the dawn of recorded history, then you should love this book. If you have no curiosity, no soul, you will probably just 'not get it.'<br /><br />Siddhartha is, in my opinion, a genuine masterpiece.<br /><br />It has been said that there are three types of people in the world: those who make things happen; those who watch things happen; and the vast majority, those who have no idea anything has happened.<br /><br />Maybe it could be narrowed down to just two: those who seek, and those who just 'don't get it.'<br /><br />Joseph H Pierre
6305078564|4.0|My family has a rule that, if we rent a movie 3 times, we might as well buy it. I had gone far beyond my limit with the 1995 adaptation of Pride and Prejudice. I could watch this series at least once a month, maybe even once a week, and still love it. The adaptation isn't 100% faithful to the book, but, cinematically, it's by far the best version ever made. On a scale of 5 stars for content, I would give this DVD 100.<br />However, I have both of the DVD editions and I don't like the DVD transfer for either one of them.  If I could, each version would rate at nearly -100 stars.<br />For the first set, the one with the cardboard keepcases:<br />1) The sound quality isn't what I've come to expect from a DVD, and parts of the dialogue bottom out on occasion.<br />2) My local Blockbuster had the two-tape VHS version, with all the credits taken out except at the beginning and end of the set. This made the series flow like one movie, save for the natural break at the climax of the story when Darcy 1st proposes to Eliza, which was wonderful--perfect timing! Since I didn't see the series when it aired on A & E, it was often difficult for me to tell where the series breaks had taken place. I was quite surprised when I learned where some of them were, and this attests to the skill of the editors of the two-tape VHS version. I find the constant credits on the DVD distracting, repetitious and boring; pressing the Next button is inconvenient. As for these credits providing a break, as suggested by another reviewer--come on! DVDs are fantastic at picking up exactly where one left off, without missing a beat. They're far better at it than VHS tapes. If I need to go to the bathroom or get another tub of popcorn that badly, I'd rather stop a DVD wherever I please, rather than waiting for the appearance of credits I don't want to see anyway. That's as bad as watching the prison known as TV (UGH).<br />3) I also find this a very chintzy DVD--no language selections, no subtitles, no \\"goodies,\\" such as cast bios. It didn't even have closed-captioning! Very, very cheap. As much as my husband paid for this DVD as a Hanukkah present to me, I expected much more for his money. So now I'll search for the VHS version I prefer. Maybe I'll buy two, in case one wears out.<br />For the second set, the one with the plastic keepcases:<br />A&E finally gets their head outta their youknowwhattee and gives us non-stop storytelling along with some cool goodies like cast bios, widescreen and subtitles/captioning.  Then they RUIN it all with the most hideous color transfer I've ever seen on a DVD.  I had to spend over half an hour getting the picture even remotely bearable to my eyes, and I'm still not satisfied with it.  The entire DVD is now unwatchable for this alone.  Will someone at A&E please please PLEASE fix this?<br />As I stated in my original review, perhaps the producers of this series will heed the many complaints they've received about the DVD transfers and re-issue a much better version in the future.
0790743507|5.0|This movie is wonderful.  I recently saw it for the first time and I am hooked.  This movie will bring a smile to anyone's face. It is no small wonder that it is a Classic in every sense of the word.  I simply cannot say enough good things about it.  There is humor, drama, and a soundtrack that is incredible.  If you are looking for something do on a rainy day, rent this movie. It will cheer you up in NO time!
B00000IAU3|5.0|First off, I'm not one for liking sappy chick music.  I like hard core rap and I picked up Emenem's new disk.  I listened to the third track, &quot;Stan&quot;, with Dido's opening, &quot;Thank You&quot;.  It was the most angelic voice I've heard since I don't know when.  I picked up her disk and then I started liking the other tracks (&quot;Hear with Me&quot;, title track).  If you have any doubts about this CD, don't.<br />I must admit, when my roommate and my friends aren't around, I crank up my Dido, along with Method Man, Ghostface Killah and Dre.  I gave &quot;No Angel&quot; 5 Stars because it's good, raw while refreshing.  All you Dido fans out there might want to give Boa's &quot;Twilight&quot; a microphone check.  There's a tight tune there called &quot;Duvet&quot; (made famous by the anime, Lain).  It's along the same line.<br />Who knows, one day I might just purchase a Sarah McClaughlin CD (or whatever her name is).  Right...
B000001EUP|5.0|This band played at Anaheim Stadium on July 17th, 1982 with Iron Maiden, Loverboy, and Foreigner(who was headlining). When they opened with Blackout, and then screaming and glass shattering   at the end of the song, it was so loud and awesome that it really got the crowd into it! I still have the concert T-shirt. Can't Live Without You has to be played right after Blackout to get the full effect. Dynamite is a cool song, and Arizona is too. No One Like You is good, but it got played too much on FM radio. Check out the CD with Rock You Like A Hurricane and turn it up!
B000051S44|5.0|If you like car racing this is the first film you should have on you bookshelf. The cars look like reals cars, the actors look like reals peoples and there is no happy ending. Hollywood doesn t make movies like that anymore.
B000002UD0|5.0|This album is very different from the &quot;usual&quot; John Lennon, if it is possible to put it this way. It is, in its entirety, a message to Yoko: every song is directly related to her, sometimes desperate, sometimes urging, sometimes missing her. It's one of my favourites, even knowing that he was suffering a lot - being separate from her for the first time. Very beautiful.
B0000033OZ|5.0|ELP's reputation has suffered more than most of the 70s progressive bands, but the decline is totally undeserved.  Why should Yes CDs be in the mid-price category, when ELP's are in the sub-mid-price/budget category?  I have no idea.  Maybe ELP's agent simply cut a poor deal with Castle, their current label.<br />This was ELP's fantastic debut album, recorded after their first gig at the Isle of Wight Festival in 1970.  It features 'Take a Pebble', whose lyrics are still attributed to Greg Lake.  (I once attended the scriptwriting class of a guy called Raymond Dixon who hung out with King Crimson in the late 60s.  He said he wrote the words to 'Pebble', but Lake later bought the rights from him for a couple of hundred pounds.)<br />The sound of this album must have been amazing at the time.  From the opening bass of the first track, you know this is going to be very special.  ELP peaked very early, and continued this peak right up to 'Welcome Back My Friends'.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|I thought this was an excellent film about a group of navy men who board a German U-boat during World War II in order to steal an Enigma code machine.  It's non-stop action and thrills from the start.  No, it doesn't compare to \\"Das Boots\\" perhaps the best sub movie ever made, but who cares.  This movie on it's own is well worth the watch and truly entertains.  It's a great way to spend a couple of hours and experience what it was really like on these U-boats during the war.  The special effects are amazing, the camera work is outstanding, and the feelings and emotions are very realistic as portrayed by Matthew McConaughey, and Bill Paxton.  I also thought Jon Bon Jovi did a wonderful job, ( a very natural actor) although his part was short in this film.  <br />There are many extra's on this DVD that shouldn't be missed.  Make sure you find time to watch how the special effects were done.  An excellent movie to add to your collection, to watch over and over again.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke is certainly one of the top movies of the past year, if not the very best! I was quite simply blown away by the beauty of the animation, characters and story. I think my jaw was dropped in amazement throughout most of the 2+ hours of the film. So much so, in fact, that as the movie ended I immediately replayed it over again! The only disappointment I found was with the DVD, specifically the lack of extras included. Other than a very short featurette and the theatrical trailer there are no supplementals. But, again, this is one of the best movies (animated or live action) that I've seen in a long time and it's beauty is captured wonderfully on DVD. Do not miss this film!!
0792156684|4.0|Well, this is a great movie. Adding romance to this sinking catastrophe sure adds life to this movie. &quot;You see people...&quot;said Rose. YES! You really see people in this movie. The rich, the poor, kind hearted, the cruel, etc... While some of them didn't deserve their destiny, some nasty guys sure did. You need to see this movie to find out yourself.<br />Now for the ratings on this DVD production. The picture quality earns 4 stars while the sound effect steals away 5. But these are not my main concerns when rating DVDs. Seriously, when DVD's selling price hits across the $20 bench mark, I expects the DVD to complement to the movie itself. If there were &quot;the makings&quot; or some extras bundled, it would surely deserve the asking price. Without all those, this DVD should be selling for less.
B00000AFFI|5.0|I was first introduced to PJ Harvey by my true love when we first met.  He managed to leave this CD at my apartment one day... it was a great way of seducing me; conjuring up all sorts of desire and passion. <br />That was 2 years ago. I have since bought all of her albums, yet this one never leaves my CD player to this day. <br />I find the emotion and style of this album quite impossible to put into words.  It is truly a mood unto itself.  It trancends any definition of what I call music, and becomes more of an inner experience, touching every aspect of instinct and primal identity.  <br />As an artist and a female, I am constantly absorbing the atmosphere around me, searching for inspiration and expression. This album has been an invaluable source for creating.  Put this CD on repeat and paint and paint.  Also, when trying to connect with people as subjects for photography, this album has been a great way of allowing them to get intouch with the emotion of a possible darker, sensuous, deeper side of themselves than they had known that truly comes across in photographs. <br />This album is much more than music. There are so many subtlties and undercurrents running through this album and the woman who created it, that it becomes quite an experience everytime you hear it. <br />I cannot imagine anyone who is a passionate individual not choking on their own pleasure on having found this album.
630264366X|5.0|Christopher Plummer is one of the best actors around today and it is a crime that he is so often overlooked and not given the recognition he deserves.  This movie is one of the best examples of this injustice. Plummer gives one of his best perfomances here as Col. Kapler, the Nazi officer assigned to hold and control Rome during WWII.  I don't want to spoil the ending but the last two scenes with Plummer are spectacular.  Ever see someone smile with only their eyes?  Plummer can!  Now that's acting!  And with Gregory Peck also starring in this movie, how can you go wrong?  Highly recommended!
B0000033P2|4.0|They looked like gods on the album cover, and it seemed at the time they could do no wrong, with the British progressive audience, at least.  1972 was an extraordinary year for this kind of music, with Yes also releasing 'Fragile' and 'Close to the Edge'.  The progressives hit the mainstream, and nearly everyone felt they needed to have these albums in their collection.  A year later, some regretted their purchase, and the backlash was in waiting for both bands, if they put a foot wrong.<br />(1972 was also a great year for T Rex and Slade, and as a schoolboy, you could be approached at the bus-stop by other boys and interrogated &quot;Which do you like: T Rex or Slade?&quot;.  You knew you would get beaten up if you gave the wrong answer!  Getting into progressive music was one teenage strategy for avoiding these punch-ups.)<br />But this was a great album.  It didn't have the impact of their first album, simply because it wasn't as different to what had gone before.  ELP had discovered a winning formula -- which allowed for considerable experimentation -- and stuck to it.  Keith Emerson kept injecting classical and jazz elements into the mixture.  He was now multi-tracking synthesizers to achieve a more orchestral sound.<br />This is certainly in the Prog Albums all-time Top 20.
B00003CXBK|5.0|When I first heard about this movie I had almost no intention of seeing it. Luckily my family and I had to go to Chicago right when it was in the one theater there so I decided to drag my faily along and see it. Everyone liked it, including my dad who thought that he'd hate it. When I showed the DVD version to my friend a few days ago he like it too. The both sited the same reasons, great artwork, and buetiful active backgrounds. What I mean by that is that the backgrounds actualy looked natural, instead of the static backgrounds which are so common in anime. Do your self a favor and grab a copy of this outstanding movie, whether or not you like anime, you will definately like this movie.
B000002UJQ|5.0|In the summer of 1997, I was in Amsterdam, trying to write my thesis, and living in my friend's apartment. Late one night, sitting behind the computer, I happened to have the TV on, and &quot;Later&quot; with Jools Holland was on BBC 2. I heard this band, watched their performance, and was completely blown away.<br />I am old, and out of touch. Hence, I did not even know this band--no, not even &quot;Creep&quot; (I still don't know it). Also, I have a weak spot for music from the 70s, in particular bands like Yes. This, of course, was one of Radiohead's attractions to me. However, if you want to hear Yes, go listen to Yes. This is different. For one thing, their lyrics may actually be comprehensible.<br />As I am typing this, I'm listening to &quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien.&quot; I will leave the Bob Dylan (hey, what about the Red Hot Chili Peppers?) reference to those who know the man, let me just notice that this song has a Fender Rhodes doing what it does so well: make you dream away. Perfectly fitting, since the tune is about just that, the desire to be swept away (cf. Heaven's Gate): &quot;I wish that they'd swoop down in a country lane / Late at night when I'm driving / And take me on board their beautiful ship / Show me the world as I'd like to see it.&quot;<br />If you do remember music from bands like Yes (or for that matter, The Allman Bros, Miles Davis, anything epic), maybe you also remember how some of the most impressive 70s tunes swept you away in this orchestral move, how it got so big you started swinging your body left and right and making weird faces... I am digressing. Point is, Radiohead does it, and since we're in the 90s, they do in a little over 4 minutes: &quot;Exit Music (For a Film).&quot; Incredibly impressive performance, starting out with acoustic guitar and voice, ending with every possible instrument, then coming full circle. Man, Thom Yorke can sing. This song, incidentally, is about something a lot of people can relate to: &quot;wake from your dreams / the drying of your tears / today we escape / we escape // pack and get dressed / before your father hears us / before all hell breaks loose.&quot;<br />Do you remember? I sure do. Note also the final refrain/prayer: &quot;We hope that you choke. &quot; This means so much to me, and not just angry stuff, I can't even begin. I would like to have this printed on a T-shirt, and wear it to committee meetings (if only I were on a committee).<br />Well, you'll just have to go out and buy the CD. I don't think there is a single bad song on it. The whole thing is recorded with incredible clarity (listen to the ride-cymbals on &quot;Let Down,&quot; and the beautiful harmonies), and keeps you on your toes from start to finish. One final point though, since we're in a new century now.<br />Radiohead, on &quot;OK Computer,&quot; seems to have thoroughly lived and processed rock 'n' roll and symphonic music. They have, in my opinion, done something with it--made it intelligible for &quot;a new generation&quot; (what a terrible phrase). Most striking about all that is that they don't resort to cynicism. I haven't asked them, but I feel that they treat their (my, our) classics with respect. Furthermore, they are painfully serious (&quot;Pragmatism not idealism&quot;? No.), and whatever philosophy of life you can distill out of their words, it is not one of that lazy cynical Generation X bs(look at their website, for instance)--although (some of) their characters are seriously and genuinely disturbed.  The final note on the CD booklet is the following: &quot;we hope you are ok. thankyou for listening.&quot; That almost makes me cry. Radiohead takes life, music, and their listeners seriously, and that is rare.wake from your dreams / the drying of your tears / today we escape / we escape // pack and get dressed / before your father hears us / before all hell breaks loose.&quot;<br />Do you remember? I sure do. Note also the final refrain/prayer: &quot;We hope that you choke. &quot; This means so much to me, and not just angry stuff, I can't even begin. I would like to have this printed on a T-shirt, and wear it to committee meetings (if only I were on a committee).<br />Well, you'll just have to go out and buy the CD. I don't think there is a single bad song on it. The whole thing is recorded with incredible clarity (listen to the ride-cymbals on &quot;Let Down,&quot; and the beautiful harmonies), and keeps you on your toes from start to finish. One final point though, since we're in a new century now.<br />Radiohead, on &quot;OK Computer,&quot; seems to have thoroughly lived and processed rock 'n' roll and symphonic music. They have, in my opinion, done something with it--made it intelligible for &quot;a new generation&quot; (what a terrible phrase). Most striking about all that is that they don't resort to cynicism. I haven't asked them, but I feel that they treat their (my, our) classics with respect. Furthermore, they are painfully serious (&quot;Pragmatism not idealism&quot;? No.), and whatever philosophy of life you can distill out of their words, it is not one of that lazy cynical Generation X bs(look at their website, for instance)--although (some of) their characters are seriously and genuinely disturbed.  The final note on the CD booklet is the following: &quot;we hope you are ok. thankyou for listening.&quot; That almost makes me cry. Radiohead takes life, music, and their listeners seriously, and that is rare.
0553278223|5.0|This book clearly deserves more than five stars.  It is one of the most moving and important set of observations about our human issues ever written in either science fiction or science fantasy form.<br />Ray Bradbury wrote these short stories in the late 1940s at a time when we knew almost nothing about Mars.  Some scientists even thought there were probably canals and the remnants of a dead or dying Martian civilization on Mars.  Written as science fiction originally by Mr. Bradbury, our growing knowledge of Mars makes these assumptions science fantasy today.  But don't let that shift rob these stories of their power over you.<br />But Mars was just the setting for a more serious set of questions.  Mr. Bradbury was concerned that the world was too full of hate, war, short-sightedness, and greed to amount to much.  He despaired as to whether humans would survive the discovery of the atomic bomb.  From this raw material of human excess, he stitched together a powerful vision of our choices -- to operate at our best . . . or our worst.  He appeals to our better selves in a vivid way that will be unforgettable to you, if you are like me.<br />The development of the book has an interesting history.  Mr. Bradbury was in his late twenties, and had written quite a few short stories.  While visiting New York, he showed his short stories to publishers who liked them.  The publishers advised him that there was a market for novels, but not much of one for books of short stories.  Then one night it hit him, he had the raw material for a novel about Mars if he simply wrote a few transition stories to fit with ones he had already written.  He sat up late that night writing the book proposal, and sold it the next day.  That concept became The Martian Chronicles.<br />Mr. Bradbury had recently read Winesburg, Ohio and was impressed by that book with the potential to use a series of stories as a way to tell a community's history.  It seemed natural to use that structure for his Martian book.<br />The book covers a time period from 1999 through 2026, starting with the first manned expedition to Mars from Earth.  The American astronauts do find Martians.  The complications of the first four expeditions come from the interactions between humans and Martians, and are unexpected and intriguing.  The stories explore the implications of a race being telepathic in very revealing ways.<br />Much of the human colonization of Mars in the book pits those who want to recreate Earth against those who appreciate what is special about Mars.  So exploitation versus conservation is one theme in the book.  As a backdrop for the stories, you will read about all of the themes of the Westward migration in the United States from the eradication of the native peoples and culture, to excess exploitation of natural resources, to the desire to be free of &quot;civilized&quot; society.<br />There are wonderful stories in here against racisim, censorship of books (which became the basis of Mr. Bradbury's later  book, &quot;Farenheit 451&quot;), and war.<br />Towards the end of the book is a lovely sequence of three stories about the various meanings of loneliness.  I particularly recommend them.  The first looks at men and women seeking each other out when there is no other company.  The second considers the loss of a family and how to cope with that.  The third looks ruefully at the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust.<br />The last story in The Martian Chronicles, &quot;The Million-Year Picnic,&quot; causes me to shiver and moves me almost to tears every time I think about it.  From that story, you will be able to answer the famous question in the book, &quot;Who are the Martians?&quot;<br />By the way, the book is much better than the movie.  If you think you know the story from the movie, I suggest you read the book.  If you have a choice of one or the other, I definitely suggest the book.<br />By the way, years later Mr. Bradbury reviewed this book and commented that the world had turned out much better than he had hoped.  He said that would have written a different kind of book on the same subject in the 1970s, but he still had great respect for what the young man he was in his twenties who had written The Martian Chronicles.<br />The manned exploration of Mars is probably our greatest and most important challenge as a species.  Yet, we pay little attention to the question now.  I suggest that you use your reading of The Martian Chronicles to help reignite a discussion with those you know of what our goals and methods should be concerning Mars.<br />Reach for the stars . . . to create the fullest human potential and accomplishments -- morally, spiritually, emotionally, and physically.ted that the world had turned out much better than he had hoped.  He said that would have written a different kind of book on the same subject in the 1970s, but he still had great respect for what the young man he was in his twenties who had written The Martian Chronicles.  <br />The manned exploration of Mars is probably our greatest and most important challenge as a species.  Yet, we pay little attention to the question now.  I suggest that you use your reading of The Martian Chronicles to help reignite a discussion with those you know of what our goals and methods should be concerning Mars.  <br />Reach for the stars . . . to create the fullest human potential and accomplishments -- morally, spiritually, emotionally, and physically.
0201626632|5.0|When I bought Feibelman's book, I was in my 3rd postdoc fellowship and worried that I'd never find a decent job in physics. I read the book and within a short time I landed a tenure-track position, obtained substantial grant funding, and started a thriving research program. The advice in the book helped me figure out how to present myself as a job candidate, how to negotiate a job offer, and how to write a compelling grant proposal. <br />If this review sounds to you like an ad for a miracle diet pill, you're right. The advice in the book really worked for me, and I recommend it highly to anyone planning a career in science.
6305127689|5.0|After wearing out three copies of this movie on VHS I just had to get the DVD. This has to be one of the greatest movies of all time.
6305922756|5.0|Well, Spinal Tap just won't give up. They're approaching 60 and still rocking. This new edition of the comedy masterpiece This is Spinal Tap is loaded with goodies, especially for die hard fans. The intro alone is worth the price of the DVD, with all three members (in character) commenting on the title sequence of the DVD. Then some commentary as you navigate the menu (especially funny is the subtitles bit). Then there are the extras! Man...some of the extras aren't the funniest, so it's obvious as to why they were removed from the final cut, but some are hilarious! My favorite out-take was a bit featuring Nigel (Christopher Guest) explaining to Marty Dibergi (Rob Reiner) the similarities between tradtional Indonesian music and true American Western music. This scene is as funny as anything in the movie. A nice touch is the audio commentary featuring all three in character as they analyze the truthfulness of DiBergi's representation and recall old times. Funny as hell. All in all, if you're a Tap fan, this will make you forget about the &quot;Hellhole&quot; you live in! A great continuation of the Tap legacy.
B00003CWRX|5.0|Many times, the resolution to a problematic situation is seemingly as easy as simply knowing right from wrong, and acting upon it.  The sub-text of the problem, however, is often more complex; especially when the onerous decision of personal sacrifice is involved.  Such is the situation explored in \\"The Insider,\\" a powerful drama directed by Michael Mann and starring Al Pacino and Russell Crowe.  Based on the true story of Dr. Jeffrey Wigand (Crowe), a former Corporate Vice President of one of the major tobacco companies, it examines his struggle to act in accordance with his own conscience after circumstances put him together with Lowell Bergman (Pacino), a producer for Mike Wallace (Christopher Plummer) and the highly respected television news program, \\"60 Minutes.\\"  On the surface, Wigand's conundrum seems easily dispelled; as a research scientist involved with matters of health, he has vital information concerning the addictive nature of nicotine and, moreover, the attempt by the company for which he worked to enhance the consumers propensity for it by manipulating the ingredients of their product.  Under oath (and televised on C-SPAN), the CEO's of the seven major tobacco corporations testified, to a man, that to their knowledge nicotine was not addictive; but Wigand knows otherwise.  And by claiming ignorance of the properties of nicotine, they subverted the truth even more by refuting what Wigand knew to be what they considered their real business:  The delivery of nicotine to the consumer.  You put a cigarette in your mouth, you light it up, you get your fix.  Bottom line, not only do they know exactly what they're doing, they perjured themselves on national television when questioned about it.  Wigand's problem, however, is the confidentiality agreement he signed upon termination of his employment; if he talks, he loses the lucrative severance package that includes health benefits for his family.  And he has a young daughter with acute asthma.  So from hisperspective, in knowing the truth about \\"Big Tobacco,\\" the question becomes one of morality:  How much does he owe, and to whom, considering the personal sacrifices he will make if he does the right thing.  Beginning with an intelligent and well developed screenplay (by Mann and Eric Roth, adapted from the magazine article \\"The Man Who Knew Too Much,\\" by Marie Brenner), Mann meticulously presents this story of ordinary people under the stress of extraordinary circumstances in a manner that is creatively imaginative and totally engrossing; in short, a flawless delivery of a terrific script and story.  The tension begins from the moment we are introduced to Wigand and continues to build throughout the film.  There is inspired camera work (at times almost invasive, in a way that puts the viewer \\"in\\" the scene), impeccable transitions and pacing, and Mann exacts a number of brilliant performances from his actors, especially Crowe and Pacino.  Crowe gives a detailed, Oscar worthy performance (he was nominated) as Wigand, deftly capturing the traits and attitude of this intelligent, complex individual; his volatile temperament and demanding attempt at self restraint, his forthright manner and love for his family, and the toll that coping with the demons that plague his conscience takes upon him.  Crowe has a compelling screen presence that commands the viewers attention; his expressive reactions alone convey intelligence, a sense that the \\"wheels are always turning,\\" that demands regard.  It is quite simply a remarkable character study delivered by an amazingly gifted actor whose approach to characterization is, in many ways, reminiscent of the style of Alec Guinness.  Pacino gives a commanding performance as well; the kind of work we've come to expect from one of our greatest actors, who time and again never ceases to amaze with what he can do.  As with Crowe, his turn here is firmly planted in reality, and it's that ability to make it so real that gives such emotional impact to the drama.  And it should have garnered him a Best Actor nod as well.  Other notable performances include Christopher Plummer, who absolutely \\"becomes\\" Mike Wallace, affecting a manner of speech and physical traits that are entirely convincing, and Diane Venora, as Wigand's wife, Liane.  Also, in smaller-- but highly effective-- roles, are Michael Gambon (Thomas Sandefur) and especially Bruce McGill (Ron Motley), whose work here should have brought him a Best Supporting Actor nomination.  In the final analysis, \\"The Insider\\" is a film that will keep you enthralled from beginning to end; one that rings of truth beyond reproach and which aptly demonstrates how important it is to have men of principle and integrity among us.  This film is an example of cinema at it's best, and one that demands viewing by one and all.
B000001E7T|4.0|&quot;send his love to me&quot; is one of my favourite songs ever..and I`m pretty choosy :) &quot;to bring you my love&quot; was the first album of PJ that I heard. I fell in love with her voice immediatly and even still, years later, I get almost physical pleasure of hearing that voice. I rate it &quot;4&quot; stars because not everything hooks you there that much but most songs do and her voice, her passion and honesty and humor(!)she is not as depressing as most people say, you just have to hear her sarcasm... You get that special feeling that those songs she is singing for you and only you, revealing her secrets, which is an honour..
B0000021RB|4.0|Chicago Transit Authority (later to become just Chicago) recorded their first album after playing and touring the U.S. for a couple of years. By this time they were very tight as a band and this album showed it. The CD starts off with a great number called &quot;Introduction&quot; which demonstrated all the different styles the band could play. The one weak point of the song (and the album) is that it highlighted Terry Kath's guitar. Kath was a solid player but not a great soloist. His songwriting skills more than made up for that. Other great songs here are, of course, the hits: &quot;Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is&quot; and &quot;Beginnings&quot;. The lowlights (and the reason I don't rate this a 5) are the last three selections, which seem to be thrown on just as filler. Far and away the best number here is their cut of &quot;I'm a Man&quot; which just rocks.<br />The early Chicago sound was a no-holds barred, hard-pounding production. And for a few albums they lived up to that promise. It wasn't until Chicago VI that they began to water down the sound and focus on just making hits. I would recommend this to just about any music lover. It makes a great addition to any collection
B000031WD8|5.0|Four kids make a pact to lose their virginity by prom night.  An attempt by Jim on a hot immigrant named Nadia fails sadly.  He finds his prom date in a dork from a band named Michelle.  Kevin has a girlfriend named Victoria who isn't so intersted in sex.  Chris joins the choir and finds a date in a choir girl named Heather.  Finch doesn't have a date to the prom due to a suprise bathroom incident.<br />In the end Jim scores with Michelle, Kevin convinces Victoria to score with him, Chris scores with Heather, and Finch does Charlie Stiffler's mother on a pool table.<br />This hilarious tail of high school life is not for the faint hearted.  It has funny moments like when Jim does an apple pie and  when Finch has diarrhea in the ladies bathroom.  Watch this for laughs and love.
B00004U30D|5.0|American Beauty is a true classic!! It is a fabulous movie and one of the best movies of all time. I have never gotten tired of this movie, I can watch it over and over with out getting sick of it. Kevin Spacey won an Oscar for best actor, which he truly deserved. Spacey was the man, especially when he quit his job and started working for a fast food joint. And Mena Suvari, well she is self-exclamatory, she is the American Beauty. I can't say enough good things about this movie it is just truly a masterpiece. I recommend this for all the epic movie lovers!
B000025RAU|5.0|It's too bad that Chinatown and Godfather II were both released in the same Oscar year, because both films are the two greatest in the post-WW II era. Godfather II gets the edge as the better of the two, i.e., the best film of our times.<br />That said, none of this takes away from the pure brilliance of Chinatown. Like Godfather II, its understated script is a model of great writing, advancing the characters and the plot with every word. \\"I tried to keep someone from being hurt,\\" Nicholson says, in the middle of the movie during its sole love scene, \\"and, instead, I made sure she was hurt.\\" How many movies have a bedroom scene with dialogue that haunting in its ability to foreshadow? Chinatown remains the greatest of film noir by far because it extends the genre's possibilities while still remaining respectful of its traditions. The standard, thematic foundation remains true: A film noir protagonist enters a situation and assumes he's in complete control. But the situation actually has control of him - reality that the protagonist eventually recognizes, only far too late. Polanski's tone and legendary attention to detail are dead-on: Water emerges as not only an effective scene and mood setter, but an essential character, a symbol of purity corrupted. Chinatown is a labyrinth, not only because of  its remarkably complex but perfectly executed plot, but with respect to mood and image. Mysterious gives way to murky, then melancholy. Cynicism gives way to hope, then to irreversible loss. Is the ending too dark? In today's 'artistic vision dictated by Hollywood marketing' world, yep. (`Waitaminute, lemme get this straight: The chick gets a slug in the eye and the little girl ends up with the old pervert? Honey, get me rewrite ...') But Polanski's conclusion is really the only way the movie should have ended, as opposed to Towne's preference to provide a glimmer of optimism. Acting wise, a brilliant ensemble, even down to a one-scene cameo by great character actor Charles Knapp as a hacking, engaging mortician. (\\"In the middle of a drought, a bum drowns. Only in L.A. ...\\") Dunaway was never more sympathetically conflicted. And it could be Nicholson's best performance ever. Save for a slight detour in a confrontational barber shop scene (in which he assumes his broad, `rebel Jack' persona), it's easily his most subtle and multi-layered. His Jake is troubled by something, but Nicholson and Polanski leave it to the audience to discover what it is. Stack this alongside Nicholson's 1990s `work' and you'd question whether it's the same actor. It isn't. Which is why film enthusiasts should savor Chinatown. Repeatedly.
6305910103|5.0|Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan was a great rebound after the fiasco of Star Trek: The Motion Picture. While the first movie seemed desperate and unending (and downright stupid at times) ST II was a joy to behold. The plot was solid, it had the best villian, and the special effects were wonderful by 1980's standards.<br />The story is basically a sequel from an old Star Trek TV episode called Space Seed. In it Khan (played magnificently by Ricardo Montalban) is a leader of a small genetically engineered group of &quot;super-beings&quot; who had been left in hibernation for 200 years drifting in space. After trying and failing to take over the Enterprize he and his group are left on a deserted planet to build anew. The movie starts 15 years into the future. The planet had experienced an enviorement disaster, causing all life to perish. All that is left is Khan and his dwindling group barely surviving. By sheer luck they are liberated by a starship, which they take over, and Khan is unleashed to seek his revenge. The film plays out almost like a chess match. The battle of wits between Kirk and Khan goes back and forth, leading Khan deeper and deeper into madness.<br />The highlight of this movie is quite simply: the cast. Of course all your favorite Star Trek crew members are here. The supporting cast include the aforementioned Ricardo Montalban, Bibi Besch as the old love interest of Kirk, Paul Winfield as the Captain of the U.S.S. Reliant, and a VERY young Kirstie Ally.<br />I would HIGHLY recommend this to not only the Star Trek Fan, but to any sci-fi movie fan. It's action-pack from start to end.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Whatever one thinks of the Coen brothers and their quirky new film, &quot;O Brother, Where Art Thou,&quot; one thing is certain:  the accompanying sound track, built around one of the most haunting songs in the Southern vernacular tradition, is a real winner.  This CD, full of performances both spirited and moving, will appeal equally to hardcore oldtime and bluegrass music enthusiasts, as well as to anyone even remotely curious about authentic American &quot;roots&quot; music.  Before closing, I wish to correct a couple of earlier reviewers who ascribe &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow&quot; to Bob Dylan, et.al.  It's actually a much older song.  A beautiful version was recorded by a Kentuckian named Emry Arthur in the late 1920s or early 1930s.  The definitive rendering, however, was made by the Stanley Brothers in 1951 and has since become Ralph Stanley's &quot;signature song.&quot;  I only wish the Coen Brothers had included one of Ralph's versions on the CD.  Nevertheless, those that are included--especially the version by the &quot;Soggy Mountain Boys&quot; with Dan Tyminski singing lead--are super and only add to the canon.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Great collection, in '1' CD.
B00000K19E|5.0|In &quot;The Matrix&quot; a small group of individuals is inclined to free humankind from the claws of Artificial Intelligence. A few machines, who need solar energy to survive, have taken to themselves to make energy thru human feelings and emotions, in a world where the atmosphere has been destroyed and the sunlight does not reach the ground. In this battle against A.I., this group, led by Morpheus, is searching for &quot;the One&quot;, who will be able to control the Matrix and bend it to his will. When they find Neo, they think their end is over, but to be the one, Neo must believe he is the one. When he believes it, he will become the one who will start the revolt against the machines, and free the human race.
B00004RE7C|3.0|Star Trek III: The Search for Spock should not be judged as a sequel to Star Trek:The Wrath of Khan. Although III starts off right after the events of II, it really is a prequel to Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home. Don't get me wrong, III has some great and classic Star Trek ingredients: A solid villian, a good plot, and a couple of great surprizes. It's just after the wonderful and exciting experience that II provided this seems a little watered down.<br />One of the highlights of this movie is the Klingon contingent. Led by Christopher Lloyd as the evil Captain Kruge, we're treated to a group of interesting and sometime complex characters. Hidden under all the Klingon make-up is John Laroquette of Night Court fame. Another highlight is the magnificent score of James Horner, which manages to capture the mood of this film better than almost any movie I've seen. <br />Overall Star Trek III: The Search for Spock in enjoyable. Again watch it not as a sequel to II but as a prequel to IV. If you can manage that, you will enjoy it too.
0446677450|4.0|I'm a sceptical reader.  There are details that I suspect are embellished here, a few mistakes, and there is some vagueness in the recommendations in the last half of the book, but the first half of the book is inspirational and the second half at least provides enough hints to give you ideas to investigate yourself.  Overall, I'd say it's a pretty good book.  I've bought copies for many of my friends while warning to maintain their scepticism.
0684853523|1.0|Just goes on and on about his childhood.<br />The guy's got a lot of nerve selling us a book designed to make us better writers, and then writing on and on about his childhood.<br />The stories are &quot;wonder years&quot;'ish except not as exciting.<br />Just blah blah blah<br />I've only finished half of it but so far it's been utter torture.
6305470464|3.0|So many love stories, so little time. I've never seen a movie quite like this. It's very cute and not too corny (but it kind of IS). My favorite storyline is  Angelina Jolie and Ryan Phillipe's. They had good chemistry and Phillipe can hold ground when Jolie is present. Gillian Anderson and Jon Stewart are cute in this movie too. Jay Mohr's story is so sad though. What I dislike is (I don't wanna give away any hints of the ending) how attatched some couples become of each other in such short time. Told you it was kind of corny.
B00004RE7C|3.0|Star Trek III: The Search for Spock should not be judged as a sequel to Star Trek:The Wrath of Khan. Although III starts off right after the events of II, it really is a prequel to Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home. Don't get me wrong, III has some great and classic Star Trek ingredients: A solid villian, a good plot, and a couple of great surprizes. It's just after the wonderful and exciting experience that II provided this seems a little watered down.<br />One of the highlights of this movie is the Klingon contingent. Led by Christopher Lloyd as the evil Captain Kruge, we're treated to a group of interesting and sometime complex characters. Hidden under all the Klingon make-up is John Laroquette of Night Court fame. Another highlight is the magnificent score of James Horner, which manages to capture the mood of this film better than almost any movie I've seen.<br />Overall Star Trek III: The Search for Spock in enjoyable. Again watch it not as a sequel to II but as a prequel to IV. If you can manage that, you will enjoy it too.
B000000WG4|1.0|I bought this CD on the recommendations at sites like this but I found it to be be a very uneven collection of sounds and noises and musical interludes almost like a medley of tunes not strong enough to be songs in their own right, and with no real thread throughout. Having expected something a lot better and more musical than this I was extremely dissapointed. This CD for me heavily reinforced the rule I keep forgetting - Listen First!!
B000000W5L|3.0|It strikes me as amusing how Stones fans nit pick other artist albums, and trash the whole thing based on one or two tunes, and  call something like this a masterpiece. Masterpiece huh? Based on what? &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot;? Its a good song, but other than that, these tunes are just ordinary-George Thoroghood(?) or AC/DC have made much better albums full of this kind of music, and theyre not hailed as masterpieces. Id venture to say that only the Stones most loyal fans would consider this a &quot;masterpiece&quot;. Its a good little rocking album, but nothing earthshattering, or even very memorable. Other than Beggars Banquet, and Let It Bleed, the Stones arent known for great albums, never have and never will. So stop bashing Led Zep, The Who, and the Beatles to try and justify you appreciation of the Stones. Definately a great rock band, with some of the greatest rock songs ever recorded by anyone, anywhere. But definately not an album band. And definately minus a masterpiece!
0783117523|5.0|I love this movie so much! It's my greatest movie of all time because it's funny, cute, wild, sexy, and sad. Everyone's performance is very convincing especially Angelina Jolie who is my favorite actress. She won Golden Globe and a SAG award for this movie. She puts so much heart into this movie that it seems like it was a documentary and she was the REAL supermodel, Gia Marie Carangi. She's almost in every scene of the movie and she is so BEAUTIFUL. This tragic movie will get your heart. You'll feel so much for Jolie and the life of Gia. I can't put into words how great Angelina Jolie is in this movie so... go get it and you'll see what I'm talking about.
0205313426|5.0|I was looking for a book with basic rules of english grammar to improve the presentation in my recent report and forthcoming thesis.  Something that had all in one place, was concise, to the point and no novel-likeness.  Strunk &amp; White was the prescription.  It has everything a writer needs in terms of language and some aspects of style and presentation.  It speaks of the obvious but precious gems which people tend to forget over time.  I am impressed with the organisation of the book.  What I was really looking for was, Elements of usage and An approach to Style.  I recommend this for students planning to write reports, thesis, term papers or any sort of writing that needs to be crisp and clear.The Fine Art of Technical Writing by Carol Rosenblum Perry would be an excellent along with the &quot;little&quot; book for students.  It's a necessity if you are in the academia, it's a great aid otherwise.
0440203856|4.0|The book was good. But the Danielle Steel Movie Zoya was wonderful.  I would recomend to everyone!
B00000JG41|5.0|Bungle fans have no need of my review, as they have already bought,(or at least heard) the newest installment of the insanity that is Bungle. To those who don't know what Patton and crew can do, I implore you to buy this album and give it a listen. It will challenge your ears to listen harder, and give your mind a thourough mixing, and make you feel good about it. From the light beginning of Retrovertigo, to the breakneck tempo of Goodbye Sober Day, this may be the most easily accessible Bungle album yet. I'd reccomend this album first, before the self-titled and Volante, although each holds a special place in my collection. I can't wait to see what they send out next.
0783241038|3.0|I actually give this movie a 3.5.  Galaxy Quest is about former actors who participate in a real life battle with alien foes.  Ridiculous this concept may seem but it actually does well when it comes to entertaining you.  The movie was funny, it had a well developed plot, the acting was good, and you feel for the characters as they tried to defeat the forces of evil.  The main characters had depth to them and the characters depicting a show gave a nice twist to things.  Kids will especially like this film as it is silly and has flashy special effects.  But adults will find this movie unrealistic and that I think will turn them off from this movie a bit.   (A boulder monster?)  I think this movie defies every law of physics on the books.  In conclusion I think a lot of people will enjoy this movie and I recommend it to kids and people who like to get lost in fantasies.  Got any thing to say about what I said?  E-mail me at:  omicron_30@yahoo.com
B000055ZB8|4.0|Saw advance of this classic at film festival, on same bill with &quot;Shadow of a Vampire&quot;, and was quite impressed with restoration. Great black &amp; white visuals plus newly written soundtrack.  A must have for collectors of classic film.
0792151712|5.0|I've read about 500 reviews on this site regarding TITANIC and I can't help but notice that when the review is negative, the writer comes off sounding very ignorant, almost stupid.  The way they express themselves is almost sad.  In one negative review, many of the words were misspelled.  I wonder if there is a connection between intelligence and one's reaction to this film...  Just something I noticed.  Anyway, as for TITANIC.  Without doubt or question, TITANIC is one of the most moving and emotionally satisfying movies I have ever seen.  But then again, that's me.  There's little point in recommending it, as I can't imagine there are many who have not already seen it and have their own opinions.
B00004Y7SF|1.0|When her first album came out, I knew I would like Christina Aguilera.  She easily topped Britney Spears in my eyes because I thought she had a good voice.  When I got this CD, I have to say I was disappointed.  It didn't put me in a Christmas mood at all and had no feeling.  That's where she is mainly behind Mariah Carey.  Unlike Mariah's unique style and technique with her songs so filled with emotion, they make you want to cry, Christina trying to actually sing the song.  She's trying too hard to be a good singer and forgets to put in any emotion.  It seems like she wants to sound sexy and original but comes across sounding like she's trying so hard to sound good.  Every note she hit had to be reached with an effort.  Her voice didn't flow at all.  She also always does this weird thing with her voice that she didn't do that often before.  It's this screaming thing that she puts in every song.  She's also trying to prove she can hit high notes and overdoes it.  The songs weren't very good and by the time I got to the 5th song, I was sick of Christina and put in a new cd.  Overall...not a good CD, especially not a good Christmas one.
0553266306|5.0|The attempt on the life of French President Charles de Gaule is not a fiction or story ;but a histrical fact; of course narrated by the author in an excellent way.Even the movie had not that much thrill as the book.  chandramowleeswaran
B00003XB8K|5.0|I think this is a very good cd to go into alph. I love the Germen cores. And also nice to goto sleep while listen to this cd. Enya is a good goup to. Check them out.
0679879269|5.0|This would definitely be the best,most involving book I have ever read.  I loved Will and Lyra,although I disliked Will in the Subtle Knife,and I thought the character development was great.  Mrs Coulter,Lyra's mother,kept me guessing throughout the entire book. I wasn't sure if she actually loved her daughter,or was just affecting that to accomplish her own ends. And I was always hoping that Will and Lyra would fall in love,and I was so happy at the end when they did!But then when I found out the ending,I cried for the longest time.  That is undoubtedly the saddest,most heartbreaking conclusion Philip Pullman could have thought of. But pardoning the ending,I would have given this book 10 stars if I could have! I made a mistake in devouring The Amber Spyglass in 1 day.  If you are an avid,speedy reader,I would suggest limiting yourself to 75 pages per day.I will read this book over and over again for the rest of my life,and I so hope Philip Pullman changes his mind and writes another one,where Will and Lyra can be together!Keep a box of tissues by you towards the end.
6305165912|5.0|If the movie were a car it would be a finely crafted Rolls-Royce. More technically it is a very efficient film: I couldn't identify a single boring or irrelevant minute. The casting is superb: Jeff Bridges down-at-heels bum is in perfect contrast to John Goodman's up-tight Vietnam veteran with Steve Buscemi perfectly in between. The constellation colourful and entertaining characters is another feature of the film: the Dude's wierd landlord (into strange amateur dance routines), the militant feminist played by Juliana Moore, the sycophantic personal assistant played by whatshisname Hoffman (played George in Scent of a woman, the gang of nihilists, the porn king, the bimbo kidnapee and - topping them all - the sexually perverted bowler player called (blasphemically) Jesus. If these characters didn't even interact - I mean if there was not plot at all to the movie - it would still be fun to watch them from hours on end just doing everyday things.<br />As it is the plot is rather good. Most importantly at the end of the film it becomes known that the Dude will become a father. This is good news because it creates a good foundation for a sequel (the &quot;Little Lebowski&quot;, perhaps). The characters and humour of this film are so brilliant that it would be a sad waste if they were confined to just one film.
B000000WF0|3.0|First off I would like to start by dealing with all of you who like to put any blame on Nick McCabe.  One, he was rarely on the album due to the fact of a rift between himself and Richard.  Two, they picked up Simon Tong to fill Nick's shoes who played most of the guitar tracks on the album... while Richard also played some acoustic tracks here and there.  Three, when Nick finally came back the album was basically finished and he only contributed to my knowledge very little, if you know of any past Verve projects Urban Hymns stands out from the rest due to McCabes abscence.  So the moral of the story is, think before you write something you might not know that much about.<br />    I was very surprised when I first heard this album due to the abscence of feedback ,delays and especially the lack of Nick.  In all I can only afford to give it three stars because it's not a bad recording, but the change in style, which can be perceived as good, really threw me off on this one.  Too bad they broke up, I miss the OLD Verve.
B000002TQV|4.0|I tentatively name Radiohead as the best rock band of the 1990s, with Nirvana, Sublime, and Pearljam in the runner-up category.  Feel free to disagree; I certainly don't claim absolute knowledge of the era.<br />I'm pretty familiar with all the Radiohead albums from &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; through &quot;Kid A,&quot; as well as a fair chunk of the B-Sides (&quot;Talk Show Host&quot; is, in my opinion, one of their very best tunes).  While I love &quot;OK Computer&quot; (especially its best track, &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;), I finally prefer &quot;The Bends.&quot;  It's not exactly for the predictable reason -- that &quot;OK Computer&quot; might be called pretentious and overbearing, whereas &quot;The Bends&quot; sticks to the basics.  It's not really that, and I do think one probably gets a deeper, more carefully guided musical experience by listening to &quot;OK Computer&quot; end-to-end.  It's just that I happen to like the songs on &quot;The Bends&quot; better.<br />There are two perfect songs on &quot;The Bends&quot;: &quot;High And Dry&quot; and &quot;Fake Plastic Trees.&quot;  Both beautifully melodic, both taking excellent advantage of the falsetto strengths of Thom Yorke's all-too-often-whiny vocals, these songs form the centerpiece of the album.  But there are numerous other great tracks, including &quot;Bones,&quot; &quot;Black Star,&quot; &quot;Planet Telex,&quot; &quot;Just,&quot; and &quot;Nice Dream.&quot;  There is a real fertility of musical material here; catchy riffs abound particularly.  Interestingly, the title song is perhaps my least favorite track, although it's a solid rocker.<br />My esteem for Radiohead is somewhat alloyed by the annoying, obscurantist elements of their music.  I lose patience with incomprehensible lyrics, and often it's simply impossible to figure out what Yorke is saying without reading along to a lyric sheet.  And while I thought &quot;OK Computer&quot; was a pretty cohesive (albeit conceptually rather cliched) album,I'm less than thrilled with some of the less focused experimentation on &quot;Kid A&quot; (which does feature, however, 2 or 3 excellent tracks).<br />So Radiohead are something of an enigma.  At times pretentious, at times overproduced, nonetheless they are probably the most fully realized rock-music talents of the last decade.  And &quot;The Bends&quot; is definitely the place to start a collection.
B00003CX7L|5.0|First, I have small children and must see these movies at the theatre and at home (sometimes several times a day).  This movie and Toy Story are not just children's movies but are well crafted and engaging in their own right.  Not to beat a dead horse on the other reviews, but I would put this movie on the list of 100 best movies ever.  It is that good.
B00003CWOL|2.0|Dogma is an interesting and thought-provoking film buried beneath Kevin Smith's trademarked, limiting sophomoric humor.  The story of two angels trying to &quot;go home&quot; engages the imagination, as does the parade of interesting spiritual personalities that pass by.  But profanity and sexual references, especially spewed by angels and apostles, become gratuitous.  Smith obviously strikes a chord with his audience by reverting to these devices time and again.  The problem is that as a writer he relies on the tried and true as an easy way out of nearly every situation.  He finally presents a solid adult story, complete with dialogue that connects superbly to said story.  But he hasn't grown beyond the film school scriptwriting devices that once seemed to freshly irreverent.  In ten years, look out; Smith might be the preeminent writer-director in cinema.  Right now he possesses all the raw materials of an Orson Welles.  But he isn't quite there yet, and won't be until he aims for a broader, more sophisticated  audience.  Dogma is worth a viewing or two because of its keen insights into Christianity as it's practiced today.  He thought hard about the story and the characters.  He should have thought just as hard about employing cheap tricks to keep the lowest common denominator of his audience happy.
B000002VBY|4.0|By far Krokus' best album. Not commercial in the slightest!! Every metal band has an album that shines....this is it for Krokus.
B000001ES4|5.0|I first bought Songs from a Secret Garden and never listened to it when I bought it.  After I finally opened it and listened I was hooked, and went searching for more by Secret Garden.  This CD is even better the the first one I bought.  I've got everyone from my daughter's babysitter to my mom hooked on this CD.  If you need something relaxing to listen to or would just like some backgroung music while reading I highly recommend this CD.  The last song is by far my favorite, I think the violin is what gets me.  If you buy this you will not regret it.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|I don't know what all you bumbs think but this is the funniest movie i've ever seen.  If you would like to see a great movie you have to see this one.  I have never seen a movie so funny.  Even though it show a lot of guy nudity it is still funny.  Those are funny parts too.  Although keep young children away.  If you liked half baked or office space or even if you didn't you'll still love this.  Im refearing to the DVD version.
0790729725|5.0|Goodfellas, like Mean Streets before it, is a landmark of American cinema.  First-rate acting from an incredible cast, a fine script, and some of Scorsese's most beautiful scenes (think of the freeze-frame of the exploding car, the long tracking shot into the Copa, the discovery of the dead bodies to the tune of &quot;Layla&quot;) make this not one of the best films of the decade but of all time. I must say, however, that I was tempted to give this four stars for the lack of any special features. Widescreen and a movie trailer or two just won't cut it for a film this good.  Let's hope there's an anniversary edition released sometime with some goodies attached.
0201633612|4.0|An interesting book for thinkers who are desinging software.     Not really for brute force, keyboard bangers. Start using the terms in the book and you lose a few of these kinds of friends.     This reference is quite useful, because patterns exsist in  designing and programming.  Most of the time they are not documented.  This work shows how these design patterns interact with each other and how to use them together. There might be some other new or different patterns which resemble or are derived from the foundation laid here.  Personally it has help me think and design faster; after a first reading, I found it easier to read through, understand and remember source code written by other programmers.  What I can say is that the terminology will sound alien to anyone who has not read the book, but the patterns will be easily recognized by anyone into serious reusable OOP.   The botton line is that this book is an asset for any designer, programmer; it helps you to think.  You have to read it.
B000003TAB|5.0|This IS an essential Nirvana album. The compilations made for so many bands are just greatest hits. The songs on Incesticide are all outtakes and b-sides so your not just getting a rehash of other albums, which in my opinion makes this just as important as an other true &quot;album&quot;. Some of my favourite Nirvana songs appear here, like Hairspray Queen, a song meant to ridicule the &quot;hairspray queen&quot; eighties glam metal guys that Cobain hated so much, I don't usually pay attention to this songs lyrics; his vocals are just so amazing on this song. Whether you're a diehard fan or a beginner, this album is a winner. This is a good album to start on, because you won't be biased by any one particular sound, since the songs are from different periods in Kurt's life, and starting on Nevermind, like most people did, doesn't give a full example of the Nirvana experience. On a side note, Kurt Cobain was one of, if not the, greatest song coverers ever. I know of no one that could take a song written by someone else and make it there own with more ease and likeability, except maybe Hendrix in the case of All Along The Watchtower. All in all this is a great view of Nirvana's musical underbelly. Buy it.
B00003CX7L|5.0|I laughed and laughed and laughed! This is one sequel I have to thank disney for making! The reviews on Television convinced me that Toy Story 2 was a waste of Time! But boy was I wrong! It surpassed the original with flying colors! All I can say is just watch it! Ignore your instincts towards sequels and watch. I sang to &quot;Woody's Round Up&quot; and &quot;You Got A Friend In Me&quot;! Trust me it is that good! This should be Disney's Final Sequel!
B00000IAU3|3.0|I bought this CD for the &quot;Roswell&quot; theme song.  There are a few songs on the CD that I really love, and others that I find annoying.  I do listen to it a lot, and I have to say that it grows on me.  It's definitely not one of my favorites, though.
B00004U8H4|1.0|My god, what a mess. Started off with some interest, was kicky in parts, especially the send-up of '80's nouvelle cuisine, the main character's job that involved no observable work, and the analysis of Huey Lewis, Phil Collins, and Whitney Houston pablum albums prior to murder and mayhem. It then spiraled into the ground, leaving no survivors. Imagine being forced to reread &quot;Hannibal.&quot; Among it's MANY weaknesses:<br />1. Christian Bale's performance:     Contrary to most reviews, Christian Bale gives a completely predictable,unskilled performance. Anthony Hopkins and Kathleen Turner have popularized the sangfroid of the urbane, sophisticated serial killer, but Bale doesn't even approach them. There's nothing new here. Instead of chilling imperturbability, we're given monotone and wood. Monotone and wood. Monotone and wood. Then, trying to shock us with contrast, his outbursts of violence look like they were choreographed by Chuck Jones of Warner Bros fame. Beep beep. Even his breakdown scene falls flat. We're left with all the subtlety of his earlier Spielberg role (&quot;Empire of the Sun&quot;) without the final mercy of an American bombing run.<br />2. Annoying voice-over:  I'm more forgiving of this technique than most, but the criticism is well deserved here.  It's a poor substitute for tight story and competent direction. The main character's narcissism, the Wall Street milieu, his shallow and acquisitive colleagues, and his taste for insipid music should suffice to establish his soulless hollowness; there's no need for verbal cue cards. I suspect it's just the director's attempt to cut through the tedium of the movie and try to legitimize the film by evoking the novel.<br />3. Reese Witherspoon:  Knowing what she's capable of, I can only conclude that she was hobbled by a bad script and sophomoric direction. Just a one-dimensional rehash of Madeline Kahn from Young Frankenstein and Gloria Upson from Auntie Mame. Talk about poo-poo undies.4. Running gags:  How many times does the viewer have to see the same jokes about business card fonts and the inability to get dinner reservations?<br />5. Dead-end plot devices:  A private eye played by Willem Defoe and a case of mistaken identity that go nowhere. Was this bad editing or did the filmmaker forget herself. &quot;Excuse me, I was looking for the set of 'Talented Mr Ripley'.&quot;<br />6. Direction and cinematography:  Makes &quot;Sliders&quot; look pretty slick.<br />7. Derivative:  There was NOTHING in this film that was not already done in &quot;Silence of the Lambs,&quot; &quot;Bright Lights, Big City,&quot; and &quot;Serial Mom.&quot; In short, I've seen this film years ago at least three times, handled by much more talented directors.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I think &quot;Human Clay&quot; is better than their previous album.  I really enjoy it.  I got it as a gift over a year ago, when only &quot;Higher&quot; was out.  I immediately liked &quot;With Arms Wide Open.&quot;  I would say that this is one of the better discs in my collection.
B00004U8H4|1.0|My god, what a mess. Started off with some interest, was kicky in parts, especially the send-up of '80's nouvelle cuisine, the main character's job that involved no observable work, and the analysis of Huey Lewis, Phil Collins, and Whitney Houston pablum albums prior to murder and mayhem. It then spiraled into the ground, leaving no survivors. Imagine being forced to reread &quot;Hannibal.&quot; Among it's MANY weaknesses:<br />1. Christian Bale's performance:     Contrary to most reviews, Christian Bale gives a completely predictable,unskilled performance. Anthony Hopkins and Kathleen Turner have popularized the sangfroid of the urbane, sophisticated serial killer, but Bale doesn't even approach them. There's nothing new here. Instead of chilling imperturbability, we're given monotone and wood. Monotone and wood. Monotone and wood. Then, trying to shock us with contrast, his outbursts of violence look like they were choreographed by Chuck Jones of Warner Bros fame. Beep beep. Even his breakdown scene falls flat. We're left with all the subtlety of his earlier Spielberg role (&quot;Empire of the Sun&quot;) without the final mercy of an American bombing run.<br />2. Annoying voice-over:  I'm more forgiving of this technique than most, but the criticism is well deserved here.  It's a poor substitute for tight story and competent direction. The main character's narcissism, the Wall Street milieu, his shallow and acquisitive colleagues, and his taste for insipid music should suffice to establish his soulless hollowness; there's no need for verbal cue cards. I suspect it's just the director's attempt to cut through the tedium of the movie and try to legitimize the film by evoking the novel.<br />3. Reese Witherspoon:  Knowing what she's capable of, I can only conclude that she was hobbled by a bad script and sophomoric direction. Just a one-dimensional rehash of Madeline Kahn from Young Frankenstein and Gloria Upson from Auntie Mame. Talk about poo-poo undies.4. Running gags:  How many times does the viewer have to see the same jokes about business card fonts and the inability to get dinner reservations?<br />5. Dead-end plot devices:  A private eye played by Willem Defoe and a case of mistaken identity that go nowhere. Was this bad editing or did the filmmaker forget herself. &quot;Excuse me, I was looking for the set of 'Talented Mr Ripley'.&quot;<br />6. Direction and cinematography:  Makes &quot;Sliders&quot; look pretty slick.<br />7. Derivative:  There was NOTHING in this film that was not already done in &quot;Silence of the Lambs,&quot; &quot;Bright Lights, Big City,&quot; and &quot;Serial Mom.&quot; In short, I've seen this film years ago at least three times, handled by much more talented directors.
B00005176F|5.0|Blur have always been a band to sidestep tradition, and this album proves no exception: it actually does its subject justice! From the ironic playfullness of &quot;Song 2&quot; to the dry cynicism of &quot;Parklife&quot; to the straightforward honesty of &quot;No Distance To Run,&quot; this best-of set serves as a fitting starting point for Blur fans both new and old. Music is their radar!
0783246641|1.0|My god, what a mess. Started off with some interest, was kicky in parts, especially the send-up of '80's nouvelle cuisine, the main character's job that involved no observable work, and the analysis of Huey Lewis, Phil Collins, and Whitney Houston pablum albums prior to murder and mayhem. It then spiraled into the ground, leaving no survivors. Imagine being forced to reread &quot;Hannibal.&quot; Among it's MANY weaknesses:<br />1. Christian Bale's performance: Contrary to most reviews, Christian Bale gives a completely predictable,unskilled performance. Anthony Hopkins and Kathleen Turner have popularized the sangfroid of the urbane, sophisticated serial killer, but Bale doesn't even approach them. There's nothing new here. Instead of chilling imperturbability, we're given monotone and wood. Monotone and wood. Monotone and wood. Then, trying to shock us with contrast, his outbursts of violence look like they were choreographed by Chuck Jones of Warner Bros fame. Beep beep. Even his breakdown scene falls flat. We're left with all the subtlety of his earlier Spielberg role (&quot;Empire of the Sun&quot;) without the final mercy of an American bombing run.<br />2. Annoying voice-over: I'm more forgiving of this technique than most, but the criticism is well deserved here.  It's a poor substitute for tight story and competent direction. The main character's narcissism, the Wall Street milieu, his shallow and acquisitive colleagues, and his taste for insipid music should suffice to establish his soulless hollowness; there's no need for verbal cue cards. I suspect it's just the director's attempt to cut through the tedium of the movie and try to legitimize the film by evoking the novel.<br />3. Reese Witherspoon: Knowing what she's capable of, I can only conclude that she was hobbled by a bad script and sophomoric direction. Just a one-dimensional rehash of Madeline Kahn from Young Frankenstein and Gloria Upson from Auntie Mame. Talk about poo-poo undies.4. Running gags: How many times does the viewer have to see the same jokes about business card fonts and the inability to get dinner reservations?<br />5. Dead-end plot devices: A private eye played by Willem Defoe and a case of mistaken identity that go nowhere. Was this bad editing or did the filmmaker forget herself. &quot;Excuse me, I was looking for the set of 'Talented Mr Ripley'.&quot;<br />6. Direction and cinematography: Makes &quot;Sliders&quot; look pretty slick.<br />7. Derivative: There was NOTHING in this film that was not already done in &quot;Silence of the Lambs,&quot; &quot;Bright Lights, Big City,&quot; and &quot;Serial Mom.&quot; In short, I've seen this film years ago at least three times, handled by much more talented directors.
B00003CXE7|3.0|Gladiator is a dark and violent tale laced with some very cool action sequences. Like Spartacus, it tries to be an old-style sweeping epic, while on the other hand, it tries to be a dark story of revenge, not unlike the very cool Conan the Barbarian. Strangely, it's not a great example of either of these things. As impressive as the scope is, the plot of Gladiator is both dull and familiar. Part of the problem is that the character of Maximus has no complexity. He's a one-note hero, a generic good guy on a noble mission. Crowe does a lot of contemptible sneering at the bad guys, but doesn't have enough material to shape a 3-dimensional persona. You never doubt that Maximus will triumph because he's clearly set up to; he lacks the even the slightest sense of depth, so there's no reason for him to be in the movie except to triumph. Another problem is that, while the action scenes are good, the rest of the picture is painfully slow. I'm talking &quot;Masterpiece Theatre&quot; slow. Characters talk in cliches or give laborious soliloquies. I believe that it's hard to write or perform characters from Roman times because it was so far back in history; the primary source material for writers or actors feels like it comes only from other films. <br />At its heart, Gladiator wants to be the next Braveheart. You know, the period epic that obtains a loyal legion of fans and goes on to win a handful of Oscars. The difference is that Braveheart was more strongly conceived; it knew what it was about and what it wanted to say. Gladiator, meanwhile, serves up some amazing bits of action, but begs you to take it seriously the rest of the time.
0451191153|5.0|If you are looking for a breezy book to read at the beach, &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; isn't it.  This is a book that requires you to think.  The majority of you will not understand the book.  Some will understand it but not agree with it.  Only a small minority will understand and appreciate the book.<br />&quot;The Fountainhead&quot; is a classic tale of good versus evil.  To Rand, the individual is good, and any restriction on the individual is evil.  The ultimate form of evil is collectivism.  The protagonist, architect Howard Roark, is Rand's perfect man.  His life is his work, and vice versa.  He works on his terms or not at all.  The plot centers around attempts to crush him--by those who do not understand him and by those who understand him too well.<br />Some of the characters are good, some are evil, and some are not quite one or the other.  Some, you will know which way they fall almost from the beginning, and others not until the end.  The characters often appear to take actions opposite to what you think they should.  You must look beyond the short term to see the true motives and why each action has a purpose to the overall plot and why each action helps the character achieve his ultimate goal.<br />It helps to remember the times in which this book was written (i.e., 1930s and 1940s).  Socialism was gaining ground in Europe.  Ayn Rand had seen this firsthand in her native Russia.  She saw a very real possibility of socialism taking over in the United States, and her goal was to prevent it.<br />The book is not without its flaws.  Rand's writing can be rather strident, and some of the wording sounds dated.  She overuses certain terms.  The last twenty pages do not live up to the first 660.  But these are minor drawbacks.  The plot development and character development are masterful, and the pacing is just right.<br />If you are in the minority who understand and like this book, I would also recommend &quot;We the Living&quot; and &quot;Atlas Shrugged.&quot;
B000002MP2|5.0|this is the best cd ever i have never had such and awesome cd. all my friends have it and we totally love it!Its way way cool
0152023984|3.0|I bought The Little Prince, which I have loved for 40 years, for a special present.  Glancing through it I became more and more dismayed.   Where is the wonderful description of the flower, &quot;unique in all the world?&quot; Where is the graceful and touching goodbye of the fox to the prince?  This &quot;stunning new translation&quot; is a great disappointment.  I am buying several copies of the older version while they are available since it is now out of print. New readers will not know the felicity of language that we older readers have appreciated.
B00004Z4WR|2.0|Promoting car chases and hijackings, there is barely any action in the movie.  The starpower does little for the movie.  Gone In 60 Seconds is a dialogue filled, actionless, horribly executed, poorly plotted excuse for a movie and a total disappointment.
B00003CXFG|5.0|Pitch Black was probably the most overlooked movie of the year. With an excellent plot and near perfect acting, this movie should have been more publicized! The story is definitely as strong as Alien. But a little more intense. As most Sci-Fi movies deal with space and aliens, this movie combines them and tells the story better than most. What is it about? Well, I don't want to give away the entire plot, that would ruin things. However, I will tell you this. A group of space travellers are on their way to a space settlement when all that can go wrong does. Marooned on a planet and accompanied by a vicious criminal(Vin Diesel), the travelers think getting off of the planet will be simple. But they think Vin Diesel is the only nightmare.They soon find out that it is not Vin Deisel is the least of their worries! Pitch Black is a nonstop adrenaline pumping thriller! The special effects and visuals are wonderfully done! But lack of media attention has kept this movie out of the spotlight. Definitely worth adding to your Sci-Fi collection!
052594527X|5.0|After reading &quot;Girl in Hyacinth Blue&quot; I wanted to learn more about Vermeer and his times.  I hoped that &quot;Girl With a Pearl Earring&quot; would be half as good as &quot;Blue.&quot;  If anything, &quot;Earring&quot; is better, which is almost a miracle.  This magnificent novel is a time-travel machine, taking you to the mid-late 17th century in Delft.  Others have summarized the beginning of the story, so I won't add to that and possibly create a spoiler.  Don't miss this book.  A wonderful read with a lot of insight into painters, painting and domestic life 330+ years ago.
B00004XONN|5.0|<BR>As someone who<BR> 1. doesn't like pink floyd<BR> 2. doesn't have the patience for directionless music<BR> 3. didn't like how the first single sounded like U2<BR> 4. hasn't liked Radiohead in the past,<BR> <BR> I must say I like this album.  It's one of the best albums I've ever purchased.  If you fall into any of the above four categories, give Kid A a try.  Borrow it and just play it from front to back while you're reading or going home on the bus.  It may take a couple of times to kick in, but you might find yourself unable to part with it.  I did.
0811826848|5.0|I've read at least two dozen biographies of the Beatles over the last four or five years, and I thought I knew it all.  Until I got this book for Christmas, that is.  It contains a wealth of fresh, entertaining anecdotes all written by the Beatles themselves.  Don't think it's a repeat of all the information you saw on the Anthology videos or the CDs- this is new and is worth your money.<br />I was especially impressed by the section on Ringo Starr's early life: most books seem to gloss over his childhood and ignore him until he joins the group.  Who knew that he was in training to be an engineer and become a skilled worker (unlike anyone else in his family) until he decided to just drop it and play the drums instead?  Or that he was the Liverpool equivalent to a James Dean-style greaser?  Or that Rory Storm (of the Hurricanes, Ringo's original band) committed suicide after the Beatles became famous?<br />Another stand-out story was one by George Harrison in which he relates his experience with trying to build a guitar (when he was about 12 or 13 years old).  He had varnished the wood, attached the neck, and was putting on the strings after hours and hours of labor when suddenly the entire thing snapped and broke into bits.  In his words, &quot;I threw it in the shed and never spoke to it again.&quot;<br />Anyway, I've been reading the Beatles Anthology book for hours and hours and I'm only on page seventy-five...it's keeping me occupied, but never bored. ALL HAIL THE BEATLES!
B00000J7SO|5.0|Searing with energy and vision from a fertive period beginning with Blood on the Tracks, running through Desire, Hard Rain, and ending with this album, Bob took us on a ride through rock poetry and artistry that is unequaled.  This album, derided by the posers who think Dylan peaked in 1965, is a genuine rock classic -- Dylan is hard, tender, mysterious, mean, cranky, loving, poetic, loaded, and just plain brilliant.  &quot;Changing of the Guard&quot; is rock opera, approaching Miles Davis in content and form.  But the closer &quot;Where Are You Tonight&quot; with its passion and fury intact, is as great a song performed by this man as he has ever done.  Open your mind and give this one a fair listen -- Bob will not let you down.
B00003CXE7|2.0|I am amazed by the number of people who seem to think that Gladiator is a great movie.  I was extremely disappointed.  Is everyone blind to the plot?  It is so simple-minded and crude.  I have seen better cartoons. Certainly, a couple of action-sequences are interesting -- but is that all you expect from a movie?  And the ending is corny.  And now some people are actually hopeful that this movie will get an Oscar for Best Picture.  How sickening!  But then these are the same people who gave Titanic two dozen Oscars.  I say don't waste your time or money: get a movie by the Japanese directory Akira Kurosawa if you are interested in similar themes.
B0000562AY|4.0|I am not a big Mariah Carey fan, but I like this CD.  It was made in 1994, when she was at her peak.  The songs are upbeat, slow, Christian and secular, all sung with feeling and produced with good pop values.  Mariah makes extensive use of her trademark vocal acrobatics, so look elsewhere if you'd prefer a more traditional presentation.  Standout tracks include &quot;All I Want For Christmas Is You&quot; and &quot;Joy To The World&quot;.<br />Clocking in at under eighty seconds, a haunting acappella rendition of &quot;God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen&quot; closes out this CD.  It's a shame that it was left out of the US release.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I am so glad &quot;X-Men&quot; turned out as good as it did. Bryan Singer is a wonderful director and writer, and I felt he did an excellent job with it. He co-wrote the script along with Tom DeSanto. The cast is perfect for their roles, especially Hugh Jackman. There's so many big-name actors that could've been wrongly-chosen to play Wolvervine, but this Australian actor was born to play Logan. He has the look and everything down. I am so glad Fox didn't make the mistake of getting together a director and production team that would turn the film into a camp-fest, like Warner Bros. let Joel Schumacher do on the hideous &quot;Batman &amp; Robin&quot;. <br />The only complaint I had on X-Men was the editing. I read the movie tie-in novel before I saw the movie, and the movie leaves out several things I liked. For instance, the script had scenes showing when Storm and Cyclops first discover their powers. It had the Blackbird Jet appearing in the beginning when they rescue Logan and Rogue, causing it to appear twice. Also some scenes from the book I liked were filmed and then cut, and appear as deleted scenes on the DVD (I'm glad they let you view the movie with the scenes intact). Actually the only cut scenes I miss that much are when Storm is teaching the class (which only snippets of this scene made it into the final cut, being interwoven with a monologue from the Professor), and subsequently when she talks to Rogue after class ends, and the scene where Cyclops asks Logan if he will follow orders in the Ready Room, and gives Logan his uniform. I thought the &quot;Ready Room&quot; scene was great because it gave the two characters a scene with just them where they could become friends without any distractions. But other than that, the movie rocks. It has to be the best comic book adaption since Tim Burton's first &quot;Batman&quot; in 1989. The DVD release is excellent, as I mentioned, as are most Fox DVD's.
6304712936|4.0|When I purchased my DVD player, Amadeus was at the top of my wish list.  Now that I own the film, I am satisfied but not overjoyed.  The DVD contains only one special feature (an all-music audio track).  Worst of all, the DVD must be flipped over at the mid-way point.  <br />These disappointing features only slightly detract from this excellent film which, while not historically accurate, is pleasure to watch.<br />Please release a special edition!!
B00004RFFU|5.0|I haven't read Rice's novel, so I don't know whether this is a good adaptation or not, but personally, I found the picture a little silly and with lotsa loopholes. It certainly contradicts most of what I know about vampires, which isn't much (I didn't know they were gay?). However, for fans of megagorgeous French beauty Laure Marsac, it is definitely a MUST. She practically steals the movie as the ...ehr, main course! YUMMMMMMMIE!
6303921248|5.0|That is what I say to my mom about every 3months or so. Whenever I came home from College for holidays we would watch it, and if we didnt we would both remark on it when I left. Well folks, I honestly do not know how many times my tv has been graced by Darcy and Lizzy- My dad groans when my mom sighes over &quot;Mr Darcy!&quot; I brought this to college with me and my entire sorority fell in love with Colin Firth. When I went abroad to England I was on the watch for Mr Darcy. Sadly, I did not run into him at any &quot;country dances&quot;. I also am a Jane junkie. I own the black and white Laurence Oliver version. I use to love it. Then I read the novel.   Now it just doesnt cut it with me. Only 6 hours of wonderful wonderful Ehle's Lizzy and Firth's Darcy will do. I know mine is the 200th lengthly entry on the brillance of this adaptation, but I needed to join others who love this apparently as much as me! Lets P&amp;P it!
B000002J20|5.0|It has been about three or four months since I've bought this album and I'm still listening to it.  When I listened to &quot;Tales&quot; for the first time, the music completely blew me away.  There are so many musical elements that are going on throughout the whole album.  It has great vocals, guitar solos (the best is the acoustic guitar solo in the third track), and different percusion instruments that are used to give awesome rythums and musical textures.  The lyrics are still a mystery to me, but that just makes it even better.  This album is a must have for all serious rock musicians.
B0000508U6|2.0|I admit to being one of the people to give Parachutes a great review at first, after having listened to and becoming slightly infatuated with the CD.  The novelty soon wore off though.  While at first songs like Yellow are easy to get caught in and sing along to, below the pretty surface, there isn't much substance.  The lyrics are really almost nonsensical.  The whole CD has the feeling of one terrificly long, dragging song, with the same sweetly melancholy guitars and sappy lyrics about all the trials and tribulations of love.  This music is very non demanding and easily slips into the background, going unnoticed.  Chris Martin uses the same tone of voice and style of singing in every song, and really demonstrates the saying &quot;Difference makes a difference.&quot;  For better bands within the same general genre of Coldplay, I would check out Flickerstick, an underrated band not many people have heard of, Live, Seven Mary Three, etc.
B00003CXE7|5.0|It's not often you see a film worth buying and sharing with your family.  It displays a principled character Maximus v. the delusional  and immoral character Commodus -- a clear protagonist v. antagonist scenario.   The cinematography and story line are great.   A &quot;must see.&quot;
B0000508U6|4.0|I am impressed by this album. I only wish I could have gotton my hands on this bands work a little sooner than late December.  This particular album reminds me of a couple different artists: Nick Drake, Ben Lee, Innocence Mission (musically), Pink Floyd, Catherine Wheel,and Radiohead (naturally).  &quot;Everything's Not Lost&quot; is certainly my favorite song on the album- lyrically, instrumentally,and vocally. I would LOVE CW to make a cover of this song! Chris Martin and Rob Dickinson (of CW), have similar sounds to their voices, and I love it!  Run to your local record store and buy any Coldplay disc, or discs, you can get your hands on. It meets most of my credentials for a terrific buy!
B0000524E5|4.0|This is a great movie, one of the best i have seen in a while.  It is full of ambition, a young girl who finds a job at the Bar Coyote Ugly, and it is not just a bar job, but her boss if living out her dream and gives her the courage to fullfil her own dreams.  Full of laughts with a great ending.
B000002AZ8|5.0|Pearl Jam's third album is, by far, my favorite.  As a die hard PJ fan, I love every song that they have ever released, but there is just something about this album that gives me chills everytime I listen to it.  Perhaps it is because it has 2 of my favorite songs (Courdory and Immortality) or maybe because it is the album where they deal with the &quot;big issues&quot; like abortion, the pressures of society and death, or maybe it is because each song is very different.  Whatever the reason, this album speaks to me.  It is filled with these incrediblly insightfull songs broken up by songs like &quot;Spin the Black Circle&quot;, which is about the bands love for vinyl (only Eddie Vedder!) or &quot;Aye Divanita&quot;, a song without words which seem to be included to lighten the mood of the album. The three other &quot;odd&quot; songs are included to speak a message.  The most bizarre song on the album, by far is Stupidfoxymophandlemama, which is a compliation of actual audio clips about a little girl that is saying that a spanking is the only way thay she knows that she is loved.  It is Vedder's way of expressing his concern about abusive relationship.  Every song on this album is filled with great music and most with meaningful and insightful lyrics.  Everyone should listen to it at least once, and I mean really listen to it and listen to the lyrics.  Then and only then will people see past its reputaion of being an odd compliation of songs and see its true beauty and insightfulness.
0783114222|5.0|This is by far the best set of DVD's in my collection of &quot;movies&quot;.  Viewing this has been an enjoyable refresher on the history of the space program.<br />Each of the segments is short enough to be viewed in under an hour but still contains a significant amount of information.<br />The thing that I enjoy most about the series is the way that each segment is told from a certain person's perspective.  This adds a whole new dimension to the events that were occuring at that time.
B000002MQ9|5.0|I've lost and refound this CD about 5 times now.  Each time I find it, I pop it in and by the first note, the first tone, I realize that this will completely consume me until the final note.  It invokes deep mindfull spiritual awareness.  It also invokes body memory in me.  It is simply amazing.  I am so happy that it has been made.  There is deep spiritual power here coming from the symbiotic union of Lisa and Brendan.  Truely rich and endlessly rewarding art.  It is one of those CDs that you listen to and realize that music can move the soul.  It is beyond genre.  It takes the spirit and moves it to new heights.  Good music to augment any program of spiritual introspection you choose to take on.
0789723107|5.0|Buy the book and read it from cover to cover. <br />THEN: Use it. <br />WHY? &quot;Don't Make Me Think&quot; is loaded with clear, practical and USABLE advice.  Although based upon sturdy theory, the book is not &quot;theoretical&quot; or &quot;academic.&quot;  The value is in Krugs' wealth of experience and real world examples.  He expertly includes an annotated script of a &quot;typical&quot; user testing session.  If you have never had the opportunity to view or conduct a testing session, this will certainly encourage you to relax and give it a go.  Be certain as well to check out the &quot;Trunk Test&quot; on page 87.<br />WHAT I LEARNED: Of course, the big thing is the difference between THINKING a web page and SEEING a web page.  This can be a difficult concept to get across.  Not so for Steve Krug. Secondly, &quot;conventions are your friends.&quot;  The bottom line: &quot;They are very useful.  As a rule, conventions only become conventions if they work.&quot;<br />FINALLY: If you are a designer, give copies to your clients. This will help them understand why usability is so important.  If you are a webmaster, get copies for your team and the CEO.  This will insure that all the effort that goes into development stays focused and that the web site will WORK.
0767830555|5.0|I've seen this film at least five times prior to seeing it again last night.  It is as fresh and as perfect as the day it was made and I enjoyed every moment again.  It seems every actor in it became either a major film or tv star in the years after it was made 25 years ago. Robert DeNiro is at his finest as Travis Bickel, a New York taxi driver, who slips further and further into a breakdown state. He can't sleep so drives his cab all night long. He runs into an amazing cast of characters on the city's streets including Jodie Foster, a teenage prostitute who has Harvey Keitel as her pimp; Cybill Shepard as the idealized woman he wants to court (his idea of a date is taking her to a porno movie!); Albert Brooks as a political worker; Peter Boyle as a fellow cabbie; director Martin Scorsese in a cameo role as an obsessed husband watching his wife carry on an affair from the back of Travis's cab.  The soundtrack I've had for years too as it is the most gorgeous saxophone accompaniment.  Perhaps the most perfect aspect that struck me this time though was the writing.  Paul Schaefer's screenplay was dead on.  He grabbed ahold of Travis Bickel's paranoid, alienated world and delivered it dead-on to us.  If only other film-makers understood the need to start with an absolutely first rate script, perhaps more films would be winners like this one too.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B000051VWW|4.0|Since this review will probably be buried under the previous reviews that either HATE or LOVE the album, my comments can best be decribed as &quot;This CD is way too short.&quot;  Just under 40 minutes for 11 songs...By the time I got in a real groove, the songs were over.  It's slightly disappointing that they spent almost a year in-and-out of the studio for this album to be so short!  My take on the album is that SADE (the group) is responding to changing music trends; which is not a bad thing, but hard to execute if you have a typecasted familiar sound.  Like the previous reviewers, the drum machine can sound a bit contrived and dated.  It works for me in &quot;Flow&quot;, &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot;, and &quot;Lovers Rock&quot;.  It doesn't work in &quot;Immigrant&quot;.  &quot;By Your Side&quot; still sounds WAY TO SAPPY, even for SADE which makes it the only song I didn't like.  &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is the best song by far.  &quot;King of Sorrow&quot; is a good second.  &quot;Flow&quot; has this eerie FUNK to it which rounds out my top three.  This album is not their best, but it's a keeper.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Imagine you are cursed after killing a demon boar that tried to attack your village. Your only clue is an iron ball that was found inside him. You find out the curse will cause you great pain and suffering. You soon are declared dead an leave your village to meet the curse. Will you live or die?  Princess Mononke is the film that is a masterpiece and will soon become a classic.
B00003CXE7|5.0|A film of epic proportion matched by digital technology that leaves the watcher ensconced in a world where to maim and kill is to succeed and survive. Russell Crowe exudes strength, and intelligence, with a winning ability to lead men as empires fall at his feet. <br />Maximus (Crowe), a general in the Roman army, has been slated by the reigning Emperor to lead Rome and return it to the people, removing it from the hands of the senate, which has ruled with duplicity. He finds himself betrayed by a pathetic, power hungry man. No longer a favored soldier, he is sold into slavery, where as a gladiator, his need for revenge grows strong, keeping him alive as he wins over the crowds in the gladiator's arena. <br />The schemes and intrigue that takes place in the darkness of the night, along with the subtle threats that initiate the treachery among family members keeps you craving that justice which is robustly delivered by director Ridley Scott. The final showdown takes our hero to the infamous coliseum, where he faces an array of weapons and opponents. What a satisfying pleasure it will be to witness justice at its finest hour. <br />This Academy Award nominated film is certainly a 5 star production and a movie that will stand the test of time. The surround-sound alone leaves you feeling like part of the crowd as they stomp and cheer for the Gladiators. Other movies of interest directed by Ridley Scott include Blade Runner and Alien. 12/28/00
B00000K3D4|5.0|This movie is so well made. If you are a lover of fantasy, this is the perfect thing to see. You will treasure this DVD  forever.
0679879269|5.0|This was worth the wait!  Phillip Pullman did a wonderful job with adding new characters, and expounding on the old ones.  There was a very good mix of adventure, tragedy, mystery and exitment.  However, if there is one problem with this book, it is that some of the characters are mentioned and then forgotton for many chapters.  Other than that, I highly recomend this book!
B000021XS0|3.0|I have loved Dream Theater's music since the release of Images &amp; Words.  I rejoiced when Awake--in my opinion, their best album--and A Change of Seasons--in my opinion, their best song--were released.  I even really like Falling into Infinity and can't understand the negative reaction it received.  So obviously, I was really looking forward to this album, especially after having heard &quot;Home.&quot;  While Scenes from a Memory certainly contains some great music, I never feel it gels together as a whole, and for a concept album, that is fatal.<br />I think the lyrics are mostly what hurt this album for me.  Whenever I listened to &quot;Metropolis Part I,&quot; I really enjoyed how vague and symbolic the lyrics were.  I got the sense that the song was about concepts and themes that could only be expressed through such symbolic representation.  However, with SFAM, the story of Metropolis has been overly concretized into a simple story of a love triangle that ends in murder.  (It may be about more than that, but through the use of such a traditional narrative, it makes it difficult to pull any other meaning from the lyrics.)  &quot;The Miracle&quot; and &quot;The Sleeper,&quot; which I had originally imagined had represented imporant ideas, are actually just characters to whom applying these names really makes no sense, as far as I'm concerned.  (And why would any of the characters refer to them by those names?)<br />Last, but not least, the sound effects and dialogue really do nothing for me.  In fact, I find them quite annoying.<br />How disappointing.
B000002KD9|5.0|honestly has some of the best original songs ive heard.  It really is good. so just buy it.
B00000AFWW|5.0|With Courtney putting more time into making movies, it would seem Celebrity Skin could be Hole's last CD for some time. That being the case. CS should stand as a monument to how much potential Hole had. From hard core punk in Pretty On The Inside, to the ultra melodic pop (if not down right beautiful) sounds of Celebrity Skin. Hole as a band, and Courtney love as it's main songwriter, have done what all great bands have done. Grow, expand into new territory, and more importantly, sound good doing it.
630463949X|5.0|The Mac are in incredible form in this phenomenal reunion concert. Awesome on DVD. It is even great music for your kids (if you have any) - it is  inspiring and emotional. Ten thumbs up(five per hand)! I laughed, I cried, I pointed, gesticulated and smiled.
B000002UAU|5.0|The startling thing about Sgt. Pepper is, while it's an awesome album, it's not even the Beatles best work. I consider the White Album their best along with Abbey Road &amp; Revolver. The Beatles library of music is so rich and varied, that it's almost impossible to say Lennon-McCartney (along with Harrison) ever wrote a bad song.
B000002C1W|3.0|Ok, Waters is out of Floyd, it's all over. No it isn't. Dave  Gilmour decides to make another &quot;solo&quot; Floyd album after Waters' &quot;solo&quot; Final Cut. This album is good on its own but as a Floyd album it easily qualifies as the worst.<br />Signs of Life- A great way to open the album- very relaxing.<br />Learning to Fly- What a song. Gilmour sings and plays one of his best leads here. Some of his better lyrics.<br />Dogs of War- The album was off to a great start- man. It sounds like Floyd is trying to fit in with the 80s pop music here. And the lyrics are absolutely terrible.<br />One Slip- An average Gilmour song, with just ok lyrics. But the music is great (the beginning sounds a bit like Time).<br />On the Turning Away- This might be the best song Gilmour ever wrote, and the best song on the album. Great music and lyrics.<br />Yet Another Movie/Round and Around- Not up there with the Floyd of the olden days, but it's not Dogs of War so be grateful.<br />A New Machine Part 1- Simple filler material, nothing more.<br />Terminal Frost- Ok for a Gilmour song, but as a Floyd song it's kind of bad. <br />A New Machine Part 2- More filler material.<br />Sorrow- The album is brought to a great close, with great music. The lyrics need help.<br />A Momentary Lapse of Reason is definitely the worst Floyd ever because of the lack of good lyrics and the flat-out awful Dogs of War. A rudimentary rock album at best- diehard Floyd fans need apply.
B000002UB3|5.0|This album marks the last time John, Paul, George &amp; Ringo would work together as the Beatles. Whiles it's sad knowing they would officially break up about 8 months after its release. At least they managed to record yet another milestone album. Although not as famous as Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road has withstood the test of time. From it's Album cover, to its nine song musical suite, Abbey Road is one of the greatest albums ever made.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|I can not even begin to discribe how much I hated this movie.  I would give this zero stars if it were possible. It takes real effort to make such a pathetically stupid movie.  If the intent of the Waynes brothers is to make me feel the bile raising in my throat then they deserve applause.  It's a completly non-sequiter un-original film that looks like it was written by a group of elementry kids.  A friend of mine insisted I watch this because it was &quot;so funny&quot;.  I hate him very much now.  Reading these other reviews, it really scares me to know there are actually people out there who like this movie.  It proves we live in a very sad and pathetic world.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Recieving Limp's new disc for Christmas,i was expecting 15 tracks of really good quality Limp Bizkit music.what I got was 10 or 11 songs that are actually enjoyable.starting with &quot;intro&quot;and right through to &quot;take a look around-theme from M:I-2&quot;every song was just rockin'!(with the exception of getcha groove on,which is simply obnoxious to listen to.)The downward spiral started with &quot;boiler&quot;right to the 'urban assault vehicle version of the best song on the disc-&quot;rollin&quot;.About that-I think that Fred Durst must have been hard up for songs to have to write a lamed up version of the second single(first being &quot;my generation&quot;)I mean what's the point of this...&quot;song&quot;.Oh well the first 10 or 11 songs are enjoyable enough for 4 stars out of5.
044022425X|4.0|Over the past few months, I read the Outlander series and became completely engrossed in this other time and place!  Of the four books, Voyager would probably get my highest rating because so much happens, but you have to read them in order anyways to truly enjoy it.   I usually don't go for historical romances - the plot is often the same - but I thought I would give Outlander a chance when I saw it included time travel.  Much easier to identify with a character who comes from approximately the same place as you, yet you get all the history stuff thrown in too.  Anyways, I highly recommend all of these books to others - a word of warning, don't read ahead like I did (I can't help it -- it's a disease...) OR read the Outlandish Companion until you are all done!
B0000507R0|5.0|I was skeptical when I read reviews from others regarding this DVD: that there were musical sounds never heard from the 33 rpm version or CD.  I have listened to BSS for a long long time!  It's true! I own a regular DVD player; don't have surround sound, yet this version of BSS is superb!  Can't wait until I can afford technolgy.  It's a live performance! Something I saw in concert a long long time ago in galaxy far far away.
B00003CXBK|4.0|This is hands down the culminating masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki's animation career, and in fact supposedly his final effort. I saw the original while I was in Japan (with only my student-level Japanese to help me) and couldn't wait for the release in America.<br />The English version isn't flawless in terms of translation, which can at times be confusing, but I personally enjoy the Japanese language with the English subs anyway for practice. And of course the animation is beautiful and magical and mind-blowing.<br />I'm a big fan of Miyazaki (My Neighbor Totoro, Kiki's Delivery Service, plus many others not yet released in English by Disney yet) so this one is a must-have.
B00004U45G|5.0|Led Zeppelin is my favorite band of all time.  I had a ticket to see the crowes and Jimmy Page together, until the concert got canceled.  The Cds had to tide me over.  I listen to these cds all the time.  I thought it was great that they didn't just include all the popular Led Zeppelin hits. Some of their lesser known songs are also included.  There isn't a song on there that I don't like.  A must buy for either Led Zeppelin of Black Crowes fans.
6304493681|2.0|This is one of those anime &quot;classics&quot; which puts domestic animation to shame, and rightfully so. The technical presentation is amazing. The reason I can't recommend this to anyone is the storyline bites big time. If you like waxing poetically (or not so poetically) about the inner-workings of human and machine psyches _ad_nauseum_, then get it, but I felt it all got old really quickly. Many movies have done the whole man/machine dichotomy so much better. I think the writers thought that if they kept overloading your brain with techno-mumbo-jumbo you'd think it was amazing (and apparently they were right for a majority of viewers), but for anyone who has any technical sense about them, it was just dumb.
0792844882|5.0|When I purchased &quot;Showgirls&quot; I expected a mini-porn NC-17 movie. What I got was a huge suprise! The film is excellent, the acting is average to slightly below...This movie REALLY DOES take you into the life of Las Vegas showgirls. I found this movie not only funny at times, but also quite an interesting film. I rate DVD quality at 4.5 stars and sound at 5 stars. buy this movie!!<br />It's a great addition to any collection!<br />MS
6305014140|4.0|I've always thought Ninja Scroll was a great samurai anime choice but if you get it, PLEASE watch it in Japanese with the English subtitles. It sounds so much better. The English really sounds retarded.<br />That being said, it's beautiful animation, I think one to use as a standard for all feature-length anime movies. But it's not for the faint-of-heart or the easily offended. My fiancee I think would refuse to watch it because while the female lead is a strong character, she gets kind of manhandled at times which is unfortunate. But the action is intense and for the samurai scenes alone I think it's a great pick.
6304118406|5.0|the original release of Natural Born Killers was a whirlwind of controversy.  thought as too violent, a meaningless bloodbath.  this is a total missconception of the real film. NBK follows the killing spree across america of mickey and mallory knox.  what makes this film so special is the intence story that only tarentino could produce with the brilliant directing of oliver stone.  NBK directors cut is even better than the original, adding extra footage that really should not have been edited from the original release.  the only problem i found with the vhs is it lacks the court room scene.  this was a great dissapointment, because after reading that section of the script, there was nothing i would have liked to see more than mickey's cross examination.  overall though a brilliant film, that just keeps getting better and better.
B00003CXE7|3.0|THE FIGHTING IS COOL DON'T GET ME WRONG BUT IT WAS JUST DO DAM BORING FOR ME.
B00004W5UA|5.0|the original version of fight club was hard to beat.  an insomniac Jack (edward norton) is struggling to find something in life.  he has a job, a condo, and all the things a person needs to be who they want to be.  that is until he meets tyler durden (brad pitt).  everything in Jack's life begins to change.  and he will never be the same again. fight club was an original and thought provocing journey into the human mind and emotion. if you have already seen this film, which im sure most of you have, the special edition adds so much more. on top of the 133 minutes of film you receive an extra 45-60 mins of behind the scenes, making of, and even some deleted scenes.  these extras just add tot he value of this video.  if you like this movie, then buy fight club special edition
B00004ZEQX|2.0|After getting Pieces and this title I'm staying far away from Diamond DVD's all together. I'm a hard core gore fan, and the biggest fan of Fulci's work, but was dissapointed in this copy. You're better off finding a COMPLETELY uncut form of this movie from an inport service such as Midnight Video. Contrary to most beliefs this is not an uncut version. But hey it's on DVD, as for  the price, you get what you pay for. P.S. Pieces is not totally uncut either.
B00005221M|5.0|Michael Mann's The Last of the Mohicans is an excellent film. Dramatic, action packed, emotionally stirring, hauntingly beautiful music, and with top-notch acting.<br />I have seen the original release only, so I won't comment on the director's cut dvd. What troubles me is this - the dvd release (1:2.35 non-anamorphic, letter-box matted director's cut), having read just about all the web reviews, sucks, and now that there is to be another release (Jan. 23), it's to be matted in 1:1.85 anamorphic? Hello, ever heard of the original, theatrical release version into dvd in 1:2.35 anamorphic matting? It's either do something right, but the rest wrong; then, do the rest right, but do one thing wrong... Duh.<br />This is a great movie, but until the people in Hollywood get it right (quality digital transfer, maintaining proper theatrically released matting, anamorphically enhanced, and digitally mastered), I'm not purchasing it. The same goes for movies like Die Hard, The Rock, and Armageddon (all great movies but matted in non-anamorphic letter box format). <br />Examples of great dvds: The Matrix, Braveheart, and Gladiator (all matted in anamorphically enhanced, 1:2.35 theatrical release version, keeping in faith to the original film, plus lots of extras).<br />I'm sure I'm not alone in demanding only the best dvd transfer. Bottom line: Great movie, lousy dvd, and awaiting the correct dvd release version of this movie, that is if it ever gets released.
B00004ZEQX|2.0|After getting Pieces and this title I'm staying far away from Diamond DVD's all together. I'm a hard core gore fan, and the biggest fan of Fulci's work, but was dissapointed in this copy. You're better off finding a COMPLETELY uncut form of this movie from an inport service such as Midnight Video. contrary to most beliefs this is not an uncut version. But hey it's on DVD, as for  the price, you get what you pay for. P.S. Pieces is not totally uncut either.
0553212443|4.0|I read this book, but it was hard to start. Dickens describes almost too much. It is confusing at times. All of his books have to do with social status. So they all have things in common. I would give more away but it is too good. I think you will love this classic.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|I thought Scary Movie was actually funny.  I mean if you know what Marlon, Sean, or Keenon Ivory Wayans are about then it's not  brain surgery to figure out what this movie would be about.  I strongly do not urge parents not to let small kids see this movie because there are a plethora of scenes that are very explicit and sexual. I would be very upset if I took my kids to see this movie because it should be rated NC-17.  The movie got a lot of laughs at the movie theater.  Once again the movie is good if you have a warped sense of humor, like me.
0440219078|5.0|Recently, I've been reading thick and complicated books, and I was upset when I had to read The Giver in my 8th Grade reading class. Somehow, I willed myself to pick it up and read it. I was pleasantly surprised! This is the beginning book to all the great novels about alternative governments such as 1984, Animal Farm, and Brave New World. It all begins with a boy named Jonas who is the average, polite boy of his community. In this community, when a child turns 12 (often called a Twelve), he is given a life-long job that he must fulfill until he reaches the House of the Old (otherwise known as a nursing home, ha!) Jonas has been working at many different places so it is unclear of what his job should be. At ceremony, Jonas is shocked when he finds out that he has been elected as the Receiver of Memory. The Receiver of Memory is apprenticed by The Giver. What is This Giver? The Giver runs the community and keeps the people happy and long-working. Jonas is shocked when The Giver reveals secrets about the community and its people. this book compels Jonas to begin a long journey in search of the truth. The story and setting of this book are very well described. Suspense and excitement grew and I couldn't seem to put this book down! I would recommend the alternative books: 1984, Animal Farm, and Brave New World when you finish this book.
6304602979|5.0|&quot;True Romance&quot; is a great film.  The cast, the story, and the acting are all top notch, the only discouraging thing about the film is how closely it parralells &quot;Killing Zoe&quot;, another fine film, both of which were cut from Quentin Tarentino's same mold.  Neither film is a waste of viewing time, but if you were to write a synopsis of both films, you would need to title both clearly for fear of getting them confused.  Q.T. directed &quot;Zoe&quot; and worked on the screenplay for &quot;Romance&quot;.  It was rumored that he didn't want credit for &quot;Romance&quot; and judging by the subtlety of Tarentino's name in the credits (in a time when his name by itself would sell tickets) I believe it.  If you go to rent either film, decide on how much Tarentino-ism your in the mood for.  If it is full on Quentin, see &quot;Killing Zoe&quot;, if you want a film with equally great tallent, a killer soundtrack, and an Arquette fix, see &quot;True Romance&quot; tonite.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first heard &quot;Here with me,&quot; on the radio about 2 months ago.  I was really drawn to the song.  So, I called the radio station and they gave me her name.  Later that day, I searched many sites on the internet getting a bunch of reviews on the album.  I am really sceptical about getting a CD for just one song.  But, all I read was good reviews.  I purchased the CD and I am just blown away.  If you like Sarah Mclachlan and Beth Orton, get this.  She has the voice like Sarah, and can write as well as Beth Orton.  I play the CD everyday since purchasing it and it is perfect.
0790749815|5.0|This Hitchcock film, is not as dark and obsessive as other Hitchcock masterpieces (Vertigo and Rear Window) but is a brilliant paranoid's fantasy which eclipses the ideas of 39th Steps, The Wrong Man and Saboteur into a breezy sexy suspenseful stew of Hitch tics, themes, and style.  Many of the best elements from his past films coalesced into this comedy thriller.  It was nominated for awards and appreciated as an impressive entertainment when it was originally released but it was not immediately recognized as a masterpiece or trend setter.<br />It's been one heck of a trend-setter too.  Films which consulted with the North by Northwest blue print of mixing set pieces, intrigue, sex, multiple locations, comedy and suspense include the James Bond series, Charade, Mirage and a lesser parade of often over-produced and less then impressive wanna-be's.  Modern action films owe a lot to the film as well.  It also features some very risque sexual banter (a few lines were actually dubbed over in editing to appease the censors), and stirred up tremendous controversy because Hitchcock dared to stage an action sequence having actors run around our beloved President's faces.<br />Ernest Lehman was originally supposed to work with Hitchcock on the planned filming of The Wreck of the Mary Deere.  Hitch and Ernest got along well, but there was no ship wreck movie being written, so Hitch simply said that Ernest should write something else and he would clear the project with the studio.  Hitch contributed some ideas which Ernest then figured out how to use.  It was like writing an elaborate puzzle with Hitch contributing some important pieces.  The screenplay played right into Hitch's strengths and also included some wonderful witty dialogue.<br />The casting of Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint (On the Waterfront)  and James Mason (not to mention Martin Landau and several key long time supporting players Hitch liked to rely upon -like Leo G. Carrol) pretty much insured the expensive 4 million dollar film (or so) would create some box office magic.<br />It's perhaps the last film Hitch really enjoyed making.  The process of making films was always one fraught with much drudgery for Hitchcock because he had planned so meticulously every shot, every angle before the production began, he often felt like an assembly line supervisor while shooting his films.  But there were enough challenges and a bit of improvisation necessary to tackle some production problems which kept Hitchcock very interested in the project.<br />Cary Grant at his most assuredly debonair plays advertising big wig, Roger O. Thornhill.  What's the O. stand for?  Nothing... but the initials R.O.T. look great on promotional matchbook covers.  When having coffee with some business associates R.O.T. is mistaken by two heavies to be  George Kaplan who is thought to be a government agent on the trail of a master spy (James Mason).  We later learn  Thornhill has been getting microfilm containing U.S. secrets out of the country in some manner and a C.I.A. type organization headed by Uncle(... well Leo G. Carrol anyway,) wants to find out why.  Thornhill is set up and accused of assasinating a U.N. ambassador, he meets sexy Eva Marie Saint on a train and then. . .  Well, of course what follows is a lot of improbably hooey, but it's paced so energetically and delivered with such skill few will care for one moment how likely any of it is.  There's a logic to everything and it sort of makes sense.. so who cares...<br /> Along the way there's several exciting set pieces, including the crop dusting plane that tries to eliminate Thornhill/Kaplan, and of course the exciting finale at Mount Rushmore which is followed by perhaps my favorite edit in all of movies to quickly wrap up the film.<br />I can just imagine what a truly exhilarating experience it must have been to movie audiences of the late 50's who first saw the film.  A suspenseful, big budgeted comedy thriller that had a little romance andlots of excitement.<br />The film would never have been made if it were not for Bernard Herrmann however.  One of his most memorable scores graces the film and adds immeasurably to it's success, but it was Herrmann who introduced writer Lehman to Hitchcock which resulted in North by Northwest being made.<br />The DVD presentation of the film is superb.  The film has never looked or sounded better.  You will also find a 40 minute documentary hosted by Saint and featuring Lehman, Landau and Hitchcock's daughter, Pat about the making of the film.  There is also a pleasant commentary track featuring writer Ernest Lehman.  You'll want to have this in your collection.<br />Chris Jarmick, Author (The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder-a steamy cyber- thriller...ance and lots of excitement.<br />The film would never have been made if it were not for Bernard Herrmann however.  One of his most memorable scores graces the film and adds immeasurably to it's success, but it was Herrmann who introduced writer Lehman to Hitchcock which resulted in North by Northwest being made.   <br />The DVD presentation of the film is superb.  The film has never looked or sounded better.  You will also find a 40 minute documentary hosted by Saint and featuring Lehman, Landau and Hitchcock's daughter, Pat about the making of the film.  There is also a pleasant commentary track featuring writer Ernest Lehman.   You'll want to have this in your collection.<br />Chris Jarmick, Author (The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder-a steamy cyber- thriller...
B00004XONN|5.0|this is radihead's absolute best album! so much better than their previours albums. if you love their old stuff, you will love kid a. if you hated their old stuff, you will love kid a.
0783240503|5.0|Ok, I LOVED this movie...no matter how many timesI watch it, or how many different versions I have on CD (3), this version makes me laugh every time I watch it.  Maria Friedman is great as the narrator--she just really fits in with the rest of the cast and the image that they are trying to portray.  Donny Osmond is the best Joseph I have heard by far &amp; the life he gives to his character &amp; the interactions with the kids and other characters just bring it that much closer to perfection.  <br />But by far--the best part of the movie is Robert Torti as Pharaoh.  come on--Elvis as Pharaoh--what else do you need?  The other two songs that come close are Gerry McIntyre (?) doing &quot;Benjamin's Calypso&quot; and Potiphar's song.  <br />Just the variety of the entire musical &amp; the way it is staged for this production make is something that is fresh everytime you watch it.  Also, the songs are active enough that kids will sit through it. I can't say it enough---watch this movie.
B00003CX8I|5.0|Is this what humans are spiralling towards? In this colorful and rousing action film, the characters are well fleshed-out and sympathetic, possibly a metaphor for mankind's pariah populace--human detritus that are so markedly different from the rest of humanity they are shunned and treated with suspicion. This creates a cycle of hate that pits the mutants against government witch hunt factions. The action scenes are entertaining, drama exists in the mutants' relationships with one another, and the violence never seems gratuitous. Alternate views of aberrants being persecuted and interrogated by society exist, most recently in The Subnorms, which paints the mutants more as ordinary humans than superheroes. Overall, this movie was very intelligently and imaginatively done.
B00004XMTH|4.0|the major disappointment was that it was almost entirely lip-synced.  Other than that, the dancing is superb and the cast combines the best from all the various productions.  I loved being able to see up close and personal that which I would never have been able to see if I saw it in the theatre.  <br />If you love &quot;Cats&quot; you have to see this movie--because this is the only place to see it now that it is no longer on Broadway.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|This movie attacks the stupidity of the lame, overpopular Scream and I Know... series. You people should understand that this movie was most likely targeted for the younger portion of movie viewers, the ones with a modern sense of humor. You people who review this so bad must have no sense of humor, or must not understand what this movie is about. I give this movie 2 thumbs up, it had me laughing through the whole thing, especially the gay guy. I suppose you people didn't pick up half the jokes if you didn't like it. This movie deserves good ratings, it sought to bring us comedy, and I believe it did it well.
B00004U9MS|4.0|First of all, I must say that I haven't heard all of the album, but after I've read some bad reviews here, I felt I have to say something. There were allways 'hype' bands on the English indie scene. Remember Suede (London Suede in USA) in 1993., Gene and Echobelly in 1994. and so on. What they all have in common is that they have a lot to thank for to England's music press.'NME' is notorious for making a 'hype' out of some mediocre bands, but on the other hand, a large number of bands deserve such a treatment. Suede and Coldplay are among those. It's true that there is Radiohead influence in Coldplay's work. Do you even know the names of the black blues artists who were totally ripped of by The 'Great' Rolling Stones? Can you tell a name of a rock band existing today which is not compareable to any other, past or present? Think about similarities as a shared sensibility. Radiohead and Coldplay have similar backgrounds and it is no wonder that they sound alike. 'Yellow' is a great hit song. Definitely. And I must say that I've found the guitar riff more like Pavement than abnything else. The B-side on the 'Yellow' single has two songs that sound like U2 17 years ago. Can't remember the names at the moment, but the songs are really nice. 'Trouble' is a true gem. There aren't many songs as original and truly beautiful in a recent music production. And then, there is 'Shiver'. If you don't shiver while listening to it, then this is not a band you'll like and there's no reason for you to buy this record. One more thing about English music press. Back in 1993. when Radiohead debuted with 'Creep', the song was credited by NME as one of the best singles of the year. It became a hit exactly one year later, after it was recognized by MTV. That led Radiohead to a big success in America. So, if NME and other English music magazines are creating the public opinion in England and Europe, who do you think does that in U.S.A.? And after all, what's the difference?
B000007T1M|5.0|This cd is great.  I just bought it two days ago and have just finished listening to it.  My favorite songs are spiders, pluck, soil, know and suite- pee.  Serj has an awesome voice that can go froma whisper to a scream in a second.<br />They are one of the best new metal bands and my favorite new band.  I look forward to their second album and I believe that in a few years that they will be as big as korn or limp bizkit is now.  I believe they are very talented and rare and will have a huge impact.  System Of A Down rules.
0792839730|5.0|For me, this is the quintessential WWII movie of all time. It consists of an all-star cast, an excellent plot line that is essentially based on fact (although not strictly adhered to) and enough action to keep even the most bloodthirsty fans glued to the screen. The film has all the elements needed to make it a typical WWII movie. There is the British &quot;stiff upper lip, never say die&quot; attitude tempered with enough aloofness and casualness to make it seem like they are planning a rather large picnic (Anthony Hopkins, &quot;Lt. Col Frost&quot;, wanted to pack his golf clubs and dinner jacket prior to departure). The American forces with all the attendant bravado and hubris were in there like dirty shirts also. There was lots of cigar chewing and swearing along with some friendly put-downs against the allies that is so typical of the American's arrogant &quot;we are here to save the world&quot; attitude that we have come to expect in these films. That part was played to perfection by Elliot Gould. Edward Fox, as always, plays a brilliant part as Lt. Gen Horrocks. He played a similar part in \\"Force 10 from Navarone\\". Dirk Bogarde, James Caan, Sean Connery, Michael Caine, Gene Hackman and Ryan O'Neal are just a few of the others cast in key roles. The film shows how the most effective and best laid plans can go awry when just one man feels his input would \\"rock the boat\\" and stays quiet. In the end, due to a lack of communication and faulty intelligence, the plan failed miserably. Subordinates were afraid to speak up. Commanders were unwilling to listen or pay attention to facts. The result was a bloodbath and lots of faces with egg on them. This time it wasn't a complete and absolute victory for the allies like it usually is. This time they didn't win hands down. Overall, it is an excellent film. 5 stars.
B00003CXE7|2.0|You wouldn't think so from the title and the expected action and fight scenes, but this is a beautiful epic.  The love story behind it is lovely but bittersweet. Ridley Scott makes the characters come to life and he makes ancient Rome come to life. Now, I am a teenage girl.  I went to see Gladiator with my friend for two reasons: 1) extra credit in Latin IV, 2) Russell Crowe.  By the end of the movie, I had forgotten the extra credit, but I hadn't forgotten Russell Crowe.  He is marvelous.  I was wary of the fighting, I didn't want to see all the gore. Okay, there is some gore, but nothing I couldn't handle.  The first battle scene is amazing.  When the Barbarians are heard rallying in the woods, it sent chills down my spine, it still does when I watch it on DVD.  So, for the boys: you'll love it for the fight scenes.  For the ladies: Russell Crowe, he needs no further explanation.
0385493622|5.0|Being barely able to balance a chequebook myself I approached this book with some caution - but Singh's other recent work &quot;The Code Book&quot;, had really excited my interest and I wanted to read more of his work. That this one was about applied mathematics and complex formulas was a pretty daunting subject to tackle but I relied on the fact that Singh seems to be able to tell a historical story as well as simply explain quite complex technical issues. I was not at all disappointed. Singh weaves together  hundreds of small and seemingly insignificant incidents to tell a great, and at times very suspenseful story. He seems to have a knack for finding simple explanations, diagrams and examples to gradually build this picture. Not that I feel I will be enrolling in any advanced maths courses anytime soon, about page 160 I found the technical going really tough, but by the then the human element of the story had me absolutely gripped and I wanted to read it to the end.  It also helps that there is a little humour in it to help the less than able reader on the way so at one stage one mathematician is quoted as saying, &quot;I was completely astonished because it had never occurred to me to add the extra gamma-zero of (M) structure, simple as it sounds.&quot;  Yeah right!<br />To tease us all Singh has included a number of, as yet, unproved equations at the end of the book. So if you feel really inspired......
B0000062GK|5.0|Joe Satriani may have been delivered from Outer Space himself; the sounds on this album are out of this world!<br />From the full-out attack of &quot;Up In The Sky&quot; to the spacy moods of &quot;Z.Z.'s Song&quot; (written for his son), &quot;Crystal Planet&quot; is a testament to Satriani's virtuosity and taste -- sometimes a rare combination with other Guitar Gods.<br />&quot;Love Thing&quot; hearkens back to perhaps my favorite Satriani ballad, &quot;Always With Me, Always With You&quot;.  The title track and &quot;Train Of Angels&quot; sport firey melodies and solos reminiscent of Satch's work on &quot;The Extremist.&quot;  I thought the aforementioned album, in terms of songs and overall production, was the pinnacle, but &quot;Crystal Planet&quot; presents a strong challenge to that opinion.<br />Overall the song writing and performance here is top-notch, although one rarely expects less from Satriani.
B00004T9UF|4.0|How many times can you say, &quot;Shady will ... kill you&quot;, and call it a song?   That's Marshall &quot;Eminem&quot; Mathers for y'all.  Take him or leave him. <br />Having only heard the bouncy ditty &quot;Slim Shady&quot; on the t.v. video, I had no idea this cat was this darkly obsessed. Thinking specifically now of the track &quot;Kim&quot;. Earthshattering yells and screams, sound effects of throat-slicing, murky, shoulder-shudderingly scary! I have only listened to it once. I'll probably never listen to it again.<br />BUT... the musical production on this album is OUTSTANDING. Em is strategic and extremely clever in his rhymes. He is, in my opinion, a superior wordsmith. What I find I don't particulary care for on the album, I skip it. I cannot deny this album has some funky, super-magnetizing music in it. <br />Sometimes I find myself wishing Eminem would just relax and roll with it, instead of all the hysteria, so the flow of the wonderful production behind him could be fully appreciated. (Dre is responsible for this? Alright, beautiful production job). However, if Eminem relaxed, he wouldn't be Eminem. <br />.... <br />I am no kid. I just celebrated my 50th birthday. I don't really listen to rap. I'm a fan of classic R&amp;B -- singers, not talkers. I appreciate a well-crafted song and a skilled, talented vocal from an artist. But, of late, I have lent my ear to about three hip-hop or rap acts and listened with interest instead of the laughter and contempt that I used to have for this kind of music.  The &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; cd is one of the three that I actually bought.<br />I'm out.  Thanks for reading.  :)
B00004U2G4|5.0|After leaving the Yardbirds in late-1966, Jeff Beck hooked up with popmeister Mickie Most (Herman's Hermits, Donovan) but had little luck with the UK singles chart.  By 1968, Beck enlisted vocalist Rod Stewart, bass player Ron Wood, and drummer Mickey Waller. Their debut Truth would would be the most consistently satisfying album of Beck's career.<br />The album kicks off with a reworking of the 1966 Yardbird's hit &quot;Shapes of Things&quot; and from there presents a string of blues-based songs that would become the framework for heavy metal in general and Led Zeppelin in particular.  The only serious misstep is the inclussion of &quot;Old Man River&quot; from the 1951 musical Show Boat. It may help show us Stewart's range as a vocalist, but it's not much of a showcase for Beck's virtuosity as a guitarslinger. The only other out-of-character tune is Beck's solo rendition of the traditional &quot;Greensleeves.&quot; But as he remarks in the liner notes, &quot;Aye that's a lovely 'toon',&quot; and his acoustic reading is a reflective counterpoint to most of the rest of the material contained on the album.<br />Highlights include &quot;You Shook Me,&quot; &quot;Rock My Plimsoul&quot; and the guitar workout &quot;Beck's Bolero,&quot; but the standout track is &quot;I Ain't Superstitious.&quot;<br />As a bandleader, Beck could be temperamental and his bands tended to not last for more than one or two albums.  [The follow-up &quot;Beck-Ola&quot; featured a diferent drummer plus the addition of keyboardist Nicky Hopkins and would be that group's last.]  Beck's post-Sixties work always showed flashes of brilliance and as such I would highly recommend the 3-CD Beckology as a terrific overview, but Truth belongs in any serious music collector's library.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
0792157850|3.0|It was a great movie. The villian was very week. He wasn't believable.I thought the woman Cpashaw did a good job and so did Harrison Ford. I own this in widescreen. Dan Aykroyd has a cameo appearance.Directed by Steven Speilberg. Written by George Lucas. Cast: Dan Aykroyd.Harrison Ford.Kate Capshaw.Rick Moranis.
0553573403|5.0|I purchased this book on Thursday, December 21st.  I finished it on the 27th.  It has been YEARS since I have read a book that held my interest like this one did.  This was unlike any other fantasy book that I've read in many ways.  I found that the character development was exceptional, you really feel as though you know these people and understand why they do the things that they do.  Also, not all the characters are strong people, some you just want to slap and scream &quot;Get Over It&quot; which made it seem more realistic, if it's possible to be realistic in a fantasy novel.  Another thing I enjoyed was the lack of fantasy.  Sure, you have dragons and direwolves but on the other hand you don't have people running around casting spells every two seconds and then disappearing into the stratosphere.  All in all, I can't recommend this book highly enough.  I'm already 300 pages into &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; and I've got &quot;A Storm Of Swords&quot; waiting in the wings.
B000050IMJ|1.0|This Cage movie really disapointed me with everything. It was ridiculious. The cars are beauties but God the plot is so predictable.Robert Duvalls worst performance.
630157401X|5.0|Of all the Indiana Jones films, I loved this one the best.  The story and performances are top-notch.  This was an interesting and suspenceful flick.  Sean Connery was funny and amusing, but the best performance of all was of the diabolical SS officer, Vogel, performed by the very distinctly handsome Michael Byrne, who just glistened in every shot.
B00004TJFL|3.0|Every time I see this movie there is a mistake. The mansion.Not to mention the set light that wasn't hidden.
B000002J2F|1.0|This is trash! This is where genesis truly sold out and I can't believe all the good reviews it is getting. Genesis use to be a great prog band and then Peter Gabriel left but they were still doing well without him. But Hackett left and Genesis was destroyed. They should have changed their name.
B00004RFDW|5.0|Thief,Manhunter,Last of The Mohicans,Heat and The Insider. Perfect 5 movies from the director. Heat's Al Pacino is with 60 minutes. Based on a true story of a man played greatly by Academy Award nominee Russell Crowe. A pre Gladiator perfromance. About the tobacco industry. Directed by Michael Mann.
076790382X|5.0|Bill Bryson's sense of humor makes you laugh out loud, so if you'll be embarassed when other airline passengers wonder what you're laughing at, you probably shouldn't read this book. Since it's a compilation of newspaper columns, the chapters are very short. I liked this since I read a lot in airports and other places where I only have short stints to read. Long involved novels are too difficult to get &quot;back into&quot;. I highly recommend this book!
B000001EC1|4.0|Cross Road: 14 Classic Grooves is a good compilation CD of some of Bon Jovi's best. I gave it 4 stars b/c I was disappointed that 2 of their biggest hits: &quot;You Give Love A Bad Name&quot; &amp; &quot;Wild In The Streets&quot; were NOT included in this collection, but hey you can't please everybody. Buy the CD &quot;Slippery When Wet&quot; &amp; you should have a complete collection of their finest work!
B00003CXE6|5.0|... and he does, as he leads you in the beginning through a raw epic-like battle scene...with great quips like, &quot;at my mark, unleash Hell&quot; and &quot;what we do in life, echo's in eternity&quot;... through the rest of this truly fantastic movie.  The musical score accentuates your emotions and leaves you mesmerized and emotionally drained at the end of the film. Russell Crowe, as Maximus, is a man of unparralleled moral principles and doing what is right. This is a film that can be see over and over again without losing it's impact. This is the best movie of its kind since 10 time Academy Award winner: Ben Hur.
B00004XONN|4.0|Here's a recipe for disaster.  Take a band whose fans are snobby to a fault, a band who could have been bigger than U2 simply by strumming a guitar and rewriting &quot;fake plastic trees&quot;, but instead avoid hard earned success by dreaming up electronic soundscapes while the singer loads his vocals into a toy computer, scrambles it, and calls it ART.<br />I delayed buying this album forever.... I'm a Bends guy, and OK Computer's paranoia has no appeal for me.  This albums doesn't talk about paranoia and isolation, you actually are taken there sonically.<br />I'm really impressed - I don't usually fall for Floydian sonic experiments, and headphones albums, but this record is absolutely intoxicating. I really love every minute of it.   <br />Obviously not for everyone.  It's interesting that there are 1100 reviews of this album.  If nothing else, it'll give you something to think over.
B000002LCK|5.0|Not really a greatest hits album but a collection of material to supplement 1980-87 CDs, as well as key tracks from CDs, and some rather worthless instrumental versions of songs. Most important this set contains the early Ceremnoy EP and Factus 8 EP, which includes the powerful &quot;lonely place&quot; a funeral march to honor recently deceased Ian Curtis, complete with simulated lightning ripping across the sky, very powerful. &quot;Confusion&quot; in its original EP release was a great song equal to &quot;blue monday&quot; but the updated version contained here is real disappointment, a criminal butchering of a great song. So get the albums and use this to fill out your collection, highly recommended.
0767840135|5.0|I have been lucky enough to have seen a couple of Cirque's shows but I had never bought a video.  I thought it could not be captured on film well.  This was very incorrect, my parents just bought this DVD and I used it to test a new DVD player of mine, and to my delight the DVD was fantastic.  The quality of the film-making is fantastic, and the show is great.  Whoever produced the DVD did a great job of capturing a live Cirque show.  I would highly reccomend going to a Cirque show to anyone.  I would also HIGHLY RECCOMEND this DVD to any fan of Cirque du Soleil.
B00003CXFG|4.0|I have seen both versions of this film, the rated and the un-rated.  Even though the un-rated only gives you about four minutes of extra footage, it's worth it.  It gives you more background on a few key things that really aren't mentioned in the rated version. I enjoyed this film.  Not only for it's interesting usage of colors, but for its' fun story and the way the characters interacted with each other.  The story is about a transit ship that goes arye after colliding with a meteor shower.  The plane crashes on a desolate planet.  But the planet is not as vacant as they thought.  Vin Diesel, who plays a dangerous killer really gives us a gritty and cool performance.  He it turning out to be a really good actor. It was the perfect blend of sci-fi and thriller.  It definately makes you jump more than once.  Anyone searching for a good movie needs to pick this one up.
B000001Y5X|5.0|This is one of Marilyn Manson's best albums, i can't stop listening to it, a must have
6303109950|5.0|This is the best movie I have seen, the action is great. I think that Val kilmer did an exelent job as Doc holiday. This movie  keept me intrested from the beginning, it made such an impresion on me that one year after seeing the movie I went to Tombstone Arizona, to see some of the places that were shown in the movie. The actors in the movie did a great job,is such a great movie that you must see.
B00004XQP4|5.0|This is my first Green Day album.  I actually got it from my wife for Christmas after one day cranking up Minority on the radio in the car.  At first, I thought &quot;great&quot;, another dark, thrash punk record (I hate punk, grunge, and anything that sounds &quot;dark.&quot;)  I found this album to be upbeat, &quot;happy&quot; sounding, and generally reminiscent of some of the music that I enjoyed while growing up in the 80's.  Makes me wish I was back in college because this would be an awesome party crank it album.  Can't wait to drive to it.  Will probably get a speeding ticket!  I love this album and think every song is good.  I especially like &quot;Warning&quot; and &quot;Castaway&quot; although &quot;Misery&quot; is rather interesting and &quot;Minority&quot; is what attracted me to the album in the first place.  Definitely get this if you like good, upbeat, danceable rock music.  Also, everyone STOP blaming this band for being a poor version of punk.  Thank goodness they don't even consider themselves punk (per Billie Joe interview.)
B000001FTA|4.0|Thin Lizzy was one of my favorite bands from HIGH school daze in the late 70's! I saw them 3 x's, each time as an opening act &amp; ALWAYS a GREAT live band!  1) 9 August 1978 with Kansas, Hirsch Coliseum, Shreveport, LA.  2) 4 March 1979 with Nazareth, Municiple Auditorium, Shreveport, LA.  3) 19 July 1979 with Journey, Hirsch Coliseum, Shreveport, LA. This show was unique in that it had been set up for half hall seating due to poor advanced ticket sales. Strong sales of Journey's commercial breakthrough &quot;Evolution&quot; album promted a big rush of walk up ticket sales &amp; delay of the show so as to move the stage to full house capacity. Both bands ROCKED!    Me'n my friends ROCKED many a time to Bad Reputation, especially side 1!
B00004XQ83|5.0|This cd would be worth buying for any one of these artists and songs; to have them all on one disc is perfect.  With Norman Blake, Ralph Stanley, and Allison Krauss, among others, the music here is the best of American music performed by the best of American musicians.  It doesn't get any better than this.   One correction to a previous reviewer: &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow&quot; is a traditional song, with lyrics dating to at least 1913.  Bob Dylan did record it, but he did not write it. Final comment: I can't wait to see the movie.
B000002HAF|5.0|Surfer Rosa is raw, energentic, disturbing, and most importantly, fun.  Frank Black perfected the art of screaming long before Kurt Cobain entered top 40 radio.   The Pixies' Surfer Rosa is an essential album for any 'alternative' enthusiast.  It is impossible for me to select favorite tracts, as I play it from start to finish.  I love the complimentary dynamics of the Pixies: primal screaming followed by Kim Deal's seductive voice...  Rapid changes in tempo throughout and Joey Santiago providing thunderous drum beats (check out Vamos) that keeps it all a bit cohesive.  I cannot say enough about this band.  Their music is pure genious!  Surfer Rosa is widely known as their best work by almost anyone who cares about their music.  It definately is worth every cent.
B00004NRWH|5.0|Nickelback's latest release &quot;The State&quot; is an extremely cool cd...especially the song &quot;Breathe&quot; it's amazing. If you like rock and you're looking to check out some new music DEFINATELY check out Nickelback...it's worth it! The cd rocks!
B000000643|5.0|I'll undoubtedly raise some ire, but for me &quot;A Sailor's Life&quot; is the best reason to buy this CD. The song is a tour de force for Thompson's guitar solo, not to mention the fine fiddle, perfect rythmn guitar, and timeless engineering and production. Sandy's singing is mesmerizing to say the least. (Warning: Bold statements follow.) This single song is Brit folk rock's finest moment. This song set the vibe for Liege and Lief, which is Brit folk rock's masterpiece. On more than one occassion I've put &quot;Sailor&quot; on during a rowdy party, turned the lights off, lit a few candles--and watched the whole room go gradually silent, all but kneeling down to worship. It's a Jungian thing probably...
B000021Y77|5.0|Wild, exciting, spectacular indie foreign film! Glorious cinematography, heart pouding musical score, and great performances make RUN LOLA RUN, the one to run out an buy! No, I don't think this film would've worked if it was english, but it wasn't, so who cares? Smartly made, Run Lola Run collaborates many different ways of filmmaking and creates an acid trip goulash with a heart of gold. Odd, intelligent, funky fun!
B0000021RB|4.0|This is Chicago's first album, among the five best studio albums they've made in their 30 or so years.  This album is somewhat experimental, and occasionally is hit and miss.  Terry Kath's Free Form Guitar is little more than an indulgence, and Liberation, at 14 minutes, is meandering and far longer than necessary.  That being said, this album contains many outstanding moments.  Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is is simply superb, and contains a one minute long piano intro that you wouldn't hear on the Heart of Chicago version.  Beginnings, Poem 58, and Listen are also good solid tracks with the fabled horn section in the spotlight.  The album's best song, in my opinion, is Questions 67 &amp; 68, featuring soaring Peter Cetera vocals, and a wonderful horn break.  If you're a new fan, this should be one of the first albums you should buy.
B000002NAK|1.0|First of, this is just my opinion. I am very sad that many people's first experience with Evita was this unintelligable movie version. Now people are praising Madonna's soundtrack and berating this one. How sad that is. How can people say such cruel things about Patti LuPone? It was her greatest and most physically/vocally/emotionally demanding accomplishment, and she overcame those obstacles to much praise by winning a Tony award. Any actress who has performed this role on stage within a 2 hour time limit (as opposed to stopping and starting as is the case with movies) will tell you how difficult a role it is. The music is demanding but it pays off. The impressive score has always been negelcted until the movie came out, and all Lloyd Webber did was masacre his own score (maybe he knew that there were at least 7 other actresses who were more qualified to play the part and he just said f**k it when Madonna came into the picture). The original musical won 7 Tony awards, so obviously it couldn't be that bad and blasted Patti LuPone off into stardom. Evita is the quintissential powerful female role in the theater, paying mind yet to Gypsy, Hello Dolly et al, and Patti LuPone did alright for herself. The merging of her powerful voice to this driving, pulsating score is Broadway heaven. Then we have the Madonna treatment, which brings to mind when Lucy shat all over the silver screen in the film adaptation of &quot;Mame&quot;. As was the case with Lucy, every song is s l o w e d down for Madonna so she can catch her breath, fake some more vibratto and ar-ti-cu-late every single consanant and vowel (listen to her prounciation of &quot;Machiavelle me&quot; and then listen to the way Patti drills her way through Rainbow High). Listening to Patti LuPone, Elaine Paige or Julie Covington sing the score of Evita sends chills down my spine whereas listening to Madonna giving her &quot;best effort&quot; send chills up my spine, out my mouth and into the commode. Insetad of addingthe song &quot;You Must Love Me&quot;, the should have added a song for her called &quot;I'm Getting My Act Together and Flushing it Down the Toilet&quot;. Really people, it's a shame if you think this is a wonderful rendition of the ALW score. I would love to read the 4 page letter that Madonna wrote to Alan Parker about wanting this role. I should write a 40 page letter to Alan Parker full of death threats for making this movie. It doesn't even work in a film version. Anyone who has seen the stage production knows how Brechtian the staging is and that it was written exclusively for the stage. It doesn't work as a movie version. Especially when you put a washed up falling pop quasi-icon in the title role and then go around campaigning that she oughta win an Oscar. Ha ha. She only won a Golden Globe. There's a testimant of her acting abilities right there. I encourage everyone to give the REAL Evita a chance and don't judge it by the basterdized movie version...if you do prefer the soundtrack vehemently to the OBC, I pity you.
6305508550|4.0|watch this movie!  It was recommended to me for a long time before I broke down and rented it.  It is very funny.  It encapsulates every piece of crap job or pain in the a** boss you've ever had.  There is something in here for every working stiff.  Wouldn't it be amazing if we just stopped caring about work?  The irony that the lack of care brings good fortune.  Don't be too doubtful. It just might work for you!
0790731479|5.0|Many movies, have dealt with the figure of death and the dead, from the Good angel clarence in &quot;It's a Wonderful Life,&quot; to Brad Pitt's abysmal turn as Death himself in &quot;Meet Joe Black.&quot; However, Tim Burton has presented the world with the most interestng look at the dead with Beetlejuice. In the first moments of the movie, Barbara and Adam Maitland go to town, And die in the oddest possible way. They return to thier house, and find them selves confined to it's premises. Thier leaving sends them to a strange desert world Populated by multi-layered sandworms.  Eventually, they find that they are dead, and must remain in their home for 128 years, which wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the family of NYC artisans that moves in and remodels the place. After consulting with thier &quot;caseworker&quot; Juno,(Sylvia Sidney at her chain-smoking best) they hire a bio-exorcist,Betelguese (pronouced &quot;BeetleJuice,&quot; hence the title) who agrees to help. Unfortunately for the Maitlands, Beetlejuice is an extremely PO'ed demon who refuses to return to the underworld. The visuals and special effects of this movie are completely stunning, and Micheal Keaton gives a performance that must have been a blast to play. Beetlejuice is a beer swilling,cussing,moral-majority's worst nightmare with superpowers, &quot;Beetlejuice&quot; is one of Tim Burton's Best works, and something he should be proud of.
0789723107|2.0|I've been a usability engineer/information architect for 8 years and have read many books on both GUI and web design.  I'm sorry to report that this book was disappointing.  It took me only a few hours to breeze through and I came away with very little that was new to me and with the perception that this book was light on substance.  Perhaps this is because I have been in this field for so long.  However, I just finished reading Jeff Johnson's &quot;GUI Bloopers&quot; and, even after designing GUIs for so many years, I learned so much from Jeff's book.  If you are new to this field, Krug's book will help but make sure to read &quot;Designing Web Usability&quot; by Nielsen, &quot;Information Architecture for the World Wide Web&quot; by Rosenfeld and Morville, &quot;Designing Large Scale Web Sites&quot; by Sano, and &quot;Web Navigation&quot; by Jennifer Fleming.  I also recommend Johnson's book on GUI design.  So many GUI Design Principles are directly applicable to good web site design.
6304602901|1.0|One has to wonder why Police Academy is even on DVD. Why hasn't it been forgotten about and swept away with all of the other comedies which aren't funny? But then one also has to wonder why there were like 10 sequels made of this movie as well.     Personally, I simply never found any of it to be funny, and found it to be extremely poorly written and concieved.    If you're not looking for a lot of physical jokes hinged around the concept of a police department without any physical requirements of its officers (he's way too fat to be a cop!) then you're probably looking in the wrong place.
0671775308|5.0|A significant book occasionally comes along that changes attitudes and the way people think. It creates what used to be fashionably called a \\"paradigm shift.\\" Such a book is The Millionaire Next Door by Stanley and Danko. Since its initial publication in 1996, the book has sold millions of copies. Now in paperback form, countless millions more are being sold to a new audience. Sensing the ideas needed updating, along with some of the statistical values, Stanley has since published The Millionaire Mind, which remains in hardback form. But The Millionaire Next Door will forever be the seminal work which seeks to define for an American audience those aspects of the affluent among us which can be quantified through research. And the results, as readers over the last four years have discovered, will surprise you.<br />The biggest discovery Stanley and Danko unearth is the fact that a high consumption lifestyle does not necessarily indicate great wealth. Indeed, the old maxim \\"you can't spend your way into prosperity\\" truly applies here. In simple economic terms, those who are really wealthy and affluent purchase items that increase in value (i.e., stocks) while low wealth accumulators, despite sometimes having a high income, purchase things that go down in value (i.e., expensive luxury cars and clothing). Put another way, the truly wealthy save, those not truly wealthy spend. Thus, the authors' research uncovered such surprises as high-powered doctors and attorneys living in ritzy neighborhoods, driving expensive cars and earning six figure incomes, having less net worth than a college professor or RV park owner or small business owner who saved and invested well. The members of the latter group typically live in modest homes in modest suburbs and drive Ford pickups. Although their lifestyles have none of the high consumption aspects so commonly associated with the wealthy, their net worth remains nonetheless above the million dollar mark. They also are not addicted to credit and have little or no debt with the exception, perhaps, of a small mortgage.<br />While the book does not bill itself as a guide to becoming a millionaire, following the principles of that small segment of our population will nonetheless increase your net worth. The key element to wealth accumulation is a simple one to follow, regardless of your income level: Invest 15 percent of your gross each month. The authors also offer a selection of professions that cater to the high income class on the principle that those selling the picks and shovels to the forty-niners became just as rich if not more so than the actual gold diggers. <br />The book is loaded with statistics and charts for those who are interested in that sort of thing. But the interpretation of those charts makes for fascinating reading. Although now the income data is somewhat out of date, the basic principles remain sound. This is a seminal work that will still make for fascinating reading fifty years from now.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Although it is historically inaccurate Gladiator is a true epic, and it pleases me greatly to see hollywood returning to the age of epics. A Rennisance of the Silver screen where movies are truely as big as the campaign that markets them to us.<br />Since the 70's movie lengths have been getting smaller and smaller , and with the increase in ticket prices it's nice to see movies worth the investment. And now with DVD special features like the increadible ones on this movie, the expierience is heightened even more so.<br />Ridley Scott is a fantastic director amongst the best in the buisness like Fincher, Gilliam, or Mendes.<br />This DVD is truely worth the investment.
0380977281|5.0|Tristran Thorn is living a seemingly normal life in the tiny hamlet of Wall, in 19th century England, when that normal life is turned upside down by his love for a young girl.  He must leave the little hamlet for the mysterious land of Faerie to find the falling star, which he has promised to the beautiful and lovely Victoria Forester.  Miss Forester has promised, in return for the star, her hand in marriage.  On his adventure he meets exciting new creatures with wondrous powers, and discovers unexplained powers of his own.  When Tristran finds the star, he is astonished to discover that it is a beautiful young woman.  Danger surrounds her, and it doesn't take Tristran long to realize she is more important than just a gift to his future bride.  They fight to escape the traps of an evil witch looking for eternal youth and three men literally killing to become the next Lord of Stormhold.  Tristran's adventure begins slowly, but escalates into a full blow fantasy tale that no one can put down. You'll love the talking animals, gnomes, trees and other strange but hilarious creatures of Faerie.  Neil Gaiman is a master of fantasy literature and is the author of the national best seller Neverwhere.  Both are highly recommended and are great reads for all ages.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Edward Norton and Brad Pitt combine to make one spectacular half of a movie.  However, toward the end, David Fincher's movie becomes a blur.  This movie based on Chuck Palahnuik's &quot;Fight Club&quot; demonstrates the decay of society in present times by focusing on a depressed man searching for meaning in his life.  Jack and Tyler Durden are superb characters that everyone can relate to in one respect or another.  Yet, the latter half of the title begins to fall apart.  If Fincher stuck to the novel's ending, Fight Club would have made much more sense.<br />The new additions to the DVD shows exactly what a DVD should offer.  New commentary, deleted scenes, and other features are given in the supplemental disc, and they are all great.  If you appreciated Fight Club and what it had to offer, despite the unfortunate ending, this DVD is a must-have.
B00004Z4WQ|2.0|Why spoof a horror movie, any way? Those teen-scream flicks I KNOW WHAT YOU DID... and SCREAM (plus sequels) practically spoof themselves. What can be added by making this flick?<br />Alright, so SCARY MOVIE was funny in some places. And I can appreciate some vulgar humor in the SOUTH PARK vein. But unlike SOUTH PARK, SCARY MOVIE doesn't come off with the same success. SOUTH PARK tries continually to outdo itself, but it pulls it off with a certain level of &quot;class&quot;.<br />SCARY MOVIE ultimately fails because it tries to hard. Hence resorting to flashing the male anatomy several times for a chuckle. Please! If you want to do toilet humor, fine, but at least make it funny... something more like Mike Myers drinking &quot;poo&quot; in AUSTIN POWERS, as he says &quot;It's nutty!&quot; and grins.<br />Shawn Wayans fans will enjoy his performance. It's great stuff, there's just not enough of it. I wouldn't feel bad if you fast-forwarded through the rest.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem really has talent, this albumn has to be one of my fave. he really expresses himself and doesn't care what ppl think of him. I have to say again i really love this albumn, he has a strong love for his music, and he deserves to be seen 4 who he really is!
B000002KO1|5.0|This album smashed the framework for 70's and set the stage for 80's rock and roll. Decidedly punk for the time, but became the rebel recordings all other british and american artist tried to match for the next 5 years. I wore out the grooves on the vinyl listening so many times, and turning on friends to a new avenue of music.
B000002J1O|5.0|Before I bought &quot;Selling England by the Pound&quot;, I thought that &quot;Invisible Touch&quot; was the greatest masterpiece of Genesis.  I was completely wrong.  If there are people like me, I truly recommend this album.  The unforgettably beautiful melody of &quot;Firth of Fifth&quot;, and &quot;The Cinema Show&quot; will surely knock you down.  In addition, you can enjoy the Phil Collin's vocal on &quot;More Fool Me&quot;, which is quite similar with Peter Gabriel's vacal style.  In general, every tune is great.  If you like this album, I also recommend that &quot;Genesis Live&quot; and &quot;A Trick of the Tail&quot;.
6301967992|5.0|This film has to be watched at winter time, with nice log fire on, plenty of snack and good company, if not in solitude.  It evokes a lovely, warm feeling in the gut - watching the protagonist's search for the vampires. Everything in the film has a sence of purpose: lovely snow ridden paths, sound of the wind, old Eastern European wooden, creaky houses and amusing display of original characters. This film also has a distinctive 60's ambiance.  Acting is good, but all the praise goes to Polanski; he pulls a very convincing part as shy, introverted Alfred with low self esteem and ideal approach to life. A tour de force. The film has a sublime scenery, music finely compliments all the  action, romance, intrigue and humour. Polanski posses an incredible eye for peculiar humour, rich detail and an ocassional attemtp to turn the viewers on with the appealing eroticism of his leading ladies. No wonder all the women find something unexplicably interestinf about him.
630575067X|1.0|This movie is so unbelievably bad, it is almost unwatchable.  The characters were forgettable, the plot ridiculous, and I *hate* movies where some Whiz Kid is the hero.  My friend brought his 2 children, aged 4 and 5, which was good, since the entire movie was aimed toward them.  Almost all of the special effects money went to creating aliens who were virtually unconnected to the plot.  When the Jedi was killed near the end I thought, &quot;who cares&quot; since I couldn't even remember his NAME at that point. On the drive home, I realized that I couldn't name the alien with the big ears, or the Queen or Princess or whoever she was.  And I had just seen the movie!  If all of them had been killed, I would have just shrugged.  The plot, along with the ridiculously bad writing and acting, made it impossible to care about them.     A truly pathetic successor to the brilliant original trilogy.
630382336X|5.0|I have been a huge Beatle fan for years, especially when I was an early teen (oh, so long ago).  Despite my declining interest as I grew older, I have recently began to listen to them again, and with a fresh perspective, I am once again in awe of their genius.  I own both this movie and &quot;Help&quot; (they sustained frequent usage when I was thirteen), and I watched them then because I loved the Beatles.  Now, I am a 21 year-old film student, and since I have &quot;rediscovered&quot; their merits, I watch these films because they are GOOD!  There are entire film classes taught on this film, frame for frame, as the precurser to modern day music videos (I'm sure you-all have heard this before, but it needs to be said because it's true.)  If any youngsters have admired the filmmaking of current directors such as Cameron Crowe (Jerry Maguire, Almost Famous), many of these directors have declared that this movie has greatly inspired their own films.  So watch &quot;Hard Day's Night&quot; once for enjoyment, then again for appraisal of the filmmaking innovations.  By the way, these guys were funny!
630512762X|4.0|The ridiculously over-the-top storyline was a joy to watch, not to mention one of the best directorial performances I have ever seen. The way Jon Woo sees scenes is totally different to anything I've seen before, and really refreshing. Can't finish without mentioning the great acting performances by Cage and Travolta, who slip into each other's characters masterfully and with style.
014028902X|5.0|It's a wonderful book. For your information there is a movie exectly after the book.I don't think people know about it. Propably you wonder how movie reflects the book. You can buy it here on Amazon.com or some other place. It has the same title &quot;My family and other animals&quot;.
B000050XEI|5.0|In my 3 years of listening to Enya in discovering her wonderful new age music, it makes me feel good in many ways. I was not impressed with the legnth of this whole CD, but actually it seems better in a way because of the new songs she has and also the new sound of her music. I definitely think that this is a CD to listen to when you are depressed or feeling down. The Celtic music will drive you to impressive legnths. Enya is looking really good too, and in many ways, I think her music will live on for many years to come.
0440412617|5.0|I read this book years ago, but it still stays in the forefront of my mind. Recently its been stronger than ever thanks to a friend of mine who loves The Cure. Charlotte goes back and forth through time. living her life, and someone elses. She's only Charlotte sometimes, as the title dictates. The story is eerie, but fascinating, Charlotte makes friend with her 'sister&quot; who is not her sister, but the sister of the girl whose life she sometimes lives. She has to keep this fact a secret, and the plot gets deeper and deeper. The end of the book shocked me with the emotion I felt, especially the revelations that comes at the end. It's sad, bittersweet and lovely all at once, this is the kind of book I would keep forever.
B00004STPT|5.0|The music for this film is stunning. Most of it is intricately connected with the film, so some might not make good listening music independent of the film - I am especially thinking of the music accompanying battle scenes. However, the music is expressive, sentimental (and when did sentiment become a bad thing?), and often ineluctably sad. The melodies are woeful and lilting, as if one is only half awake, and wandering through mournful dreams the other. It is quite excellent as a film score.
B000002NE4|5.0|&quot;Pop&quot; is probably too broad a label to slap onto this album, but that's where you find it.  Ah well.  Nick Cave has dealt with the bad side of love before (&quot;Let Love In&quot;, anyone?), but this is probably the first album where he's dealt with all sides of it.  The positive sides, the negative sides, and everything in between.<br />To call it dark in tone is unfair.  Dark most definitely doesn't suit &quot;There Is A Kingdom&quot; or &quot;Brompton Oratory&quot;, although it fits &quot;Where Do We Go But Nowhere?&quot; and &quot;People Just Ain't No Good.&quot;  It's mournful sometimes, with &quot;West Country Girl&quot; or &quot;Are You The One That I've Been Waiting For?&quot;...but in an odd way, hopeful as well.  The opening track, probably the one to dance to with your significant other, is apparently about heroin, but personally, I like &quot;Into My Arms&quot; as a love song.<br />The only real missteps here are &quot;Green Eyes&quot; and &quot;Black Hair.&quot;  It's very bizarre to have songs that are pretty much parodies smack in the middle and at the end of such a good album.  I only listened to each of those tracks once and hated them so much I almost broke the skip button on my CD player.  The other ten songs more than make up for it, though; this is the album of love songs to have on your shelf.
B00003CXDF|4.0|All right, so it has a plot-line that is more than 35% recycled. The cinematography (especially the symbolic effects, such as the white doves, etc.) is stunning. And when isn't a good shoot-'em-out thriller a good thing? I found this film better than its predecessor; it has more of a connected storyline and is not as confusing. It has some nice touches, and the action sequences are shocking, exciting, and often suspenseful. While it isn't a seriously &quot;great&quot; film, it's better than most sequels and is a great ride.
B000050XEI|3.0|I have long enjoyed Enya's music, and this is a nice CD, but I have to say the brevity of the thing does irk me just a bit. I read a recent interview with Enya wherein she stated that she's becoming less of a &quot;workaholic.&quot; Sheesh, I'll say, if this CD is any indication. The songs are nice but, in my opinion, nothing special. I'm glad I had a chance to listen to a friend's  copy of the CD before shelling out any money for this one (which I won't be doing any time soon).<br />After years of waiting for a new Enya CD, I have to say, this one is a mite thin. Fortunately, my friend also loaned me the newest Sarah Brightman CD (&quot;La Luna&quot;), and all I can say is &quot;Goodbye, Enya ... Hello, Sarah!&quot;
B00003CXE6|5.0|This movie is very well done. The violence, though brutal, is not gratuitous, and there is not as much gore and guts as in films such as Braveheart. The lighting used gives a dreamy feel to this movie; mostly natural lighting is used (or appears to be) and it looks quite realistic. I recognized many actors from Shakespearean productions and they all give good performances. Russell Crowe is outstanding. The dialogue is not always brilliant, but that is not a great detriment. Some have derided the plot as simplistic - but weren't most of the Graeco-Roman myths as well? All in all, this film is a great hero tale.
B0000000LI|1.0|This is a pure unadulterated waste of time.  The compositions are weak and predictable. This yanni cult thing can only be the result of massive implants of brain controlling devices by aliens.  Save your brain and money and listen to something anything other then these sonic escapades into the great black void.  I would give my copy away but it was a gift so i am stuck with it for awhile.. I would rather listen to mento commercials.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I am writing this review mainly as a response to the previous one.  Battle of Los Angeles is a good album.  It's not as good as their self-titled, but better than Evil Empire, in my opinion.  Sure it has boosted Rage's popularity.  There are some great singles.  Does it matter?  I think it's a good thing.  Isn't that kind of the point?  Popularity means more people hearing their message.  Music can make a difference.  It is one of the best ways to tell people what you think.  I see no validity in the claim that Tool is superior to Rage Against the Machine.  If you like one and not the other, that's fine.  But what can be said about Rage can also be said about Tool.  Neither band can claim its members are &quot;grabbing guns and going to war.&quot;  Rage is doing what they love to do, while trying to make a difference.  I'd rather listen to these lyrics than some I've heard from other bands.  Zack De La Rocha is actually singing (screaming) about something.  Something that doesn't offend me or make me shudder.  It just makes me think.
1878424319|5.0|This is an excellent book to keep as a reference.  I've read it several times and always get a lot out of it.  This is a great book to give to anybody on a spiritual path.  It's an important book to get your hands on. One of the agreements that I believe is very important is &quot;To be impeccable with your word&quot;, so when you open your mouth and make any kind of committment to anybody, even if it's someone you don't know that well, keep your word and followthru.  Awesome!
B00000DCHE|5.0|Even the most dedicated Billy Joel fans don't have this album. However, it allows one to see a side of Billy Joel most are not aware of: the &quot;Rock'n'roller&quot;. He really lets loose on this album, which can definately be heard on tracks like &quot;Everybody Loves You Now&quot;, &quot;Miami 2017&quot;, &quot;Los Angelenos&quot;, and especially &quot;Captain Jack&quot; - where, legend has it, if one listen hard enough they can hear drums and piano strings breaking. All his lesser-known songs finally get their due here. Most were very flat or dull on the albums. Others were over - or under - orchestrated. However, they all come through as they were meant to be - rich and full of energy.
B00000IPAX|5.0|To all of you people out there who say that Blink 182 sold out, all I can say is that it seems pretty unusual that when someones former favorite band finally gets a big hit and becomes popular, achieving their lifelong dream as a band (Blink, Offspring), people just immediately say &quot;Oh, well they went and sold out.&quot;  I think its pretty strange.  This is one of the best Blink cd's that they released.  Sure it's not as &quot;hardcore-punk&quot; as their last cd's, but it's still good.  However, if you are the new Blink fan who just has this cd, and are thinking about getting Dude Ranch, Cheshire Cat, or the new live cd, you may be in for a huge shock.  It is very different then Enema of the State.  But to all those people who gave this 1 star because they &quot;sold out,&quot;  I can't understand how you could say that you were a fan, and then not be happy for them when they finally were able to hit the big time.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Well, it takes getting used to, that's for sure. At first, it will be very offensive. In fact, the violence and homophobiea still offends me. However, one cannot deny that he is a lyrical genius and a great performer. His inner rhymes are on a par with Lorenz Hart, Cole Porter, and Stephen Sondheim. His performances (especially in songs like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot;) are flawless. One should not try to interpret his songs one by one, but the album as a whole. No one should try to interpret &quot;Kill You&quot; without remembering &quot;Stan&quot;. In fact, no song should be taken seriously until the listener hears &quot;Stan&quot; - definately the most important song on the album. I won't tell what it's about - you either already know, or shouldn't have the surprise ruined. Eminem is a brilliant social commentator who will hopefully be creating controversy for years to come.
B000002J7U|4.0|There is something compelling about this album. It's not the 'Voices' or 'Echoes' or even the captivating vocals on 'Come to me' and 'Ask the Mountain', it's what lies beneath. Vangelis is a musical magician and he draws us in with the clever vocal orchestration and arrangements on these tracks, but we are propelled along by something else. It's the beat. Listen to it,  it's also your heartbeat. Like a march, it's rapid, strong and pumping at first in 'Voices', slowing to a walk in 'Echoes' and then you are barely aware of it by the time you reach the the appropriately titled 'Losing sleep (Still. My heart)'. The remaining tracks gently take us out of our reverie.
B00004W221|5.0|I admit it, I was a skeptic. I was not, and still am not, much of a football fan. When Rudy came out in theaters, I had no interest. It was only happening across a review of the film that I decided to get the DVD. What a suprise! Rudy is one of those movies that inspired me. A truly wonderful, moving story, beautifully told. Even more amazing is the fact that it is based on a true story!<br />As for the DVD itself, I was very pleased with the sound and video quality. Anamorphic video is sharp and saturated, and the Dolby Digital soundtrack is stirring and makes good use of the surround speakers. The extras on the disc are good (a commentary track would have been a nice addition), but the featurettes, featuring interviews with the real Rudy are teriffic.<br />Highly reccomended
B000001EJ8|5.0|I don't know what Vangelis could possibly say in words that he hasn't said in music in this album. For a reputed recluse, this compilitation is very revealing, it's his statement to us, &quot;Here I am&quot;. I don't think it coincidental that he begins with 'To the unknown man' and after he has taken us on a musical exploration of his life, he sends us on our way with a casual 'So long ago, so clear'.<br />In 'Portraits' the recordings are not organised chronologically. It's more like a developmental process beginning with his early work in sythesizers and electronic orchestration (see 'Pulstar' and 'Alpha'). There are selections hinting at personal growth also such as the childlike sounds of 'Italian Song' and the innocence of 'La Petite Fille De La Mer'. Collaborative works with Jon Anderson, who could be called the voice of Vangelis come next, and then we are treated to the grand and epic orchestral pieces.  Tracks such as 'I'll find my way home' and 'State of Independence' no longer hint at personal development, they speak directly to self discovery, spiritual quests and growth. These themes are also woven into 'Conquest of Paradise' and 'Chariots of Fire' and tell me that 'Hymn' and 'Antarctica' don't make you contemplative. <br />I agree with the other reviewers who say that it is awkward to play individual songs out of sequence because of the bridging technique, but I think it's deliberate. To me the real enjoyment of this collection comes from listening to it in one sitting. Let Vangelis tell the story of his life in music without interruption. It's a beatiful story.
6300214354|5.0|The ZAZ team (Zucker/Abrahams/Zucker) doesn't disappoint in the laugh department with this movie. This is mainly slapstick and visual gags, but it's the best of them. If you want some stupid, no-brain, sexual innuendo, parody comedy then this is the greatest! <br />This movie made me laugh like no other movie has. Val Kilmer has a wonderful performance as a rock-star and foreign dignitary. The parodies of popular Beach Boys and Elvis songs are hilarious. The best scene and most creative I thought would have to be in the bookstore. You HAVE to see it to believe it. It made me laugh incredibly hard. You may have to pause the movie every once in a while so you can breathe. Although that may be exaggerating a bit it isn't far off.<br />This movie is well worth the money you pay for it. The laughs it delivers are tremendous and timeless. Have fun and don't laugh too hard!
0380002930|5.0|Don't be put off by bad reviews, it only shows that some people have no culture. It is perfectly alright to like this book, because even if it is about rabbits, it has a dark side to the story. The idea of talking rabbits is fictuous, but the rest is fact. I have read THE PRIVATE LIFE OF THE RABBITS and it actually states that rabbits do have their own 'language' which they speak through breathing patterns and stamping. DON'T BE PUT OFF BY CULTURELESS PEOPLE!
B000001F6T|5.0|Stonedhenge was a great album, it was one of Ten Years Afters best albums. What people fail to relaize is the skill that is put into this album.  Sure the work is different, but it shows the unique talents of the band showing their ability to play different types of music.   People who dislike this album just want to hear the basic blues that some Ten Years Songs are.  But you have to listen the bass sounds in Sad Song, and some of the work with the guitar playing with the bass a little bit.  This album took awhile to grow on me, and I seem to enjoy muisc more when it seems to grow on me then liking it right away.  I learn to apperitate the skill that was put into this awsome work.  THIS ROCKS.
B000001IQH|5.0|....And out come the wolves. To explain this album you have to think about the fact that people these days listen to Compact Disks. I myself do. But i think the music industry has fell victim to these. You see if your listening to a CD and theres a song that just doesnt &quot;float your boat&quot; you have the option to reach up to your Stereo and press the skip button and listen to the following song. Even though you can figure out where a track starts and ends on a Record (Where the little line is) most people wouldnt. Now you may be asking yourself &quot;What if theres a song that you dont like&quot;? Well most often there wasnt. You see the musicians would used to put everything they could into there album and this would end up being very good. But Nowadays musicians think &quot;If the people dont like it they can skip it&quot;. But in this case Rancid was think along the lines of &quot;Lets make an album that is good from begginning to end&quot;.... And out come the wolves.....
B00004WG2X|4.0|I saw the 1996 Firth production first. In fact, I got this version because the Firth one was not available. It was execellent. Almost everything was better in this version than the Firth one -- with the exception of Darcy. Here, Darcy is too stiff and unlikeable, but not horrible.<br />I liked the casting much better as well with the exception of Darcy. Give this one a shot !! Although it is hard getting used to the tape vrs. film format the emotion and detail makes up for it.
B000001IQH|5.0|....And out come the wolves. To explain this album you have to think about the fact that people these days listen to Compact Disks. I myself do. But i think the music industry has fell victim to these. You see if your listening to a CD and theres a song that just doesnt &quot;float your boat&quot; you have the option to reach up to your Stereo and press the skip button and listen to the following song. Even though you can figure out where a track starts and ends on a Record (Where the little line is) most people wouldnt bother to do that. Now you may be asking yourself &quot;What if theres a song that you dont like&quot;? Well most often there wasnt. You see the musicians would used to put everything they could into there album and this would end up being very good. But Nowadays musicians think &quot;If the people dont like it they can skip it&quot;. But in this case Rancid was think along the lines of &quot;Lets make an album that is good from begginning to end&quot;.... And out come the wolves.....
B00004T37H|5.0|I loved this movie,the animation is beatiful the gore is also at a minimum.But the thing I liked about this movie is that it forces you to see beyond the planes of good side and bad side.Both the humans and animals are wrong. It shoes that in war theres no good guy and bad guy and that the term good guy and bad is only used to justify the killing of other people.The action keeps you biting your nails and the end is unexpected and not perfect but not as depressing as Grave of the Fireflies.This movie is full of action but also has a deep moral point
6305807086|5.0|As Spike Jonze's feature film debut, I was expecting something completely original and off the wall before I even step foot in the theatre, famous for his videos and commercials, and now MTV's &quot;jackass,&quot; I was far from dissapointed. The movie takes a very slow pace, but adds in enough detail to keep it interesting the whole way. The big name stars in this movie, Cusack and Diaz, are directed in such a way that you don't recognize them as themselves, so the only real focus on celebrity is Malkovich himself. After finding a portal that allows one to possess John Malkovich for a time, Cusack sets up a psuedo business selling trips into him. Using his experience as a puppeteer, Cusack finally decides to possess Malkovich and stay there, having learned how to physically control him. There are many other elements to the story, of course, but they are best discovered by the viewer. Not a movie for all tastes, but an original masterpiece none the less. Fans of Terry Gilliam will probably like this film.
B000003TA4|5.0|I cant believe what an awesome CD this is.  It makes my personal top 10 album list of all time.  Nirvana has made its mark in history as a remarkable band that nobody can match.  Kurt Cobain is the best.  My favorite on this album is &quot;Come as you are.&quot;  If anyone that reads this doesn't have this CD, go get it!  You WON'T regret it!
B00004U8H4|5.0|this movie is much more than a story about murders and sex. its a reflection of how our society refuses to realize warning signs. many times patrick bateman (christian bale), main characher, tells his &quot;friends&quot; and his &quot;fiance&quot; that he is crazy one time blattenly telling another man, &quot;i like to dissect girls, did i tell you im utterly insane.&quot; in the book he carries around a cardboard sign sayin mass murderer. no one notices. hes invisible to people and they are so self absorbed they dont realize what hes tryin to tell them. i dont know if this is a great review but i do know that this is a great movie/book that should only be viewed by people who are willing to see past the sex and gore. yes i agree it is pretty apparent but its what you dont see that and what you realize that makes this movie great.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana is the best band of all time in my mind.  I got this cd the week it came out and it is still my favorite.  Anyone who likes any of Nirvana's songs should buy this cd because if you have'nt heard them all, your missing out.
6305603847|5.0|I'm not going to review the movie itself (there's a multitude of other reviews here for that), but instead I am going to point out a few points about the DVD presentation:<br />The picture quality of the deleted &quot;Hey You&quot; scene is very poor ... the film was obviously heavily damaged. It's watchable, though, and interesting. All in all, though, it doesn't add anything to the movie, so it's understandable that it was cut out.<br />The subtitles display the song lyrics and most of the background dialogue (such as the lyrics to &quot;The Little Boy that Santa Claus Forgot&quot; (the Vera Lynn song playing very quietly at the beginning) and the dialogue on the TV that Pink is watching). It would have been nice to have Pink's ranting, difficult to understand, megaphone speech during &quot;Waiting For the Worms&quot; subtitled, but no such luck.<br />If you don't listen to the whole commentary, at least listen to it during the &quot;Is There Anybody Out There?&quot; segment. Roger Waters goes off on a strange, Monty Python-ish tangent ... it's very funny, especially when placed up against the humorless movie.<br />I'd seen this movie many times before, and believe me, you haven't seen this movie at its full potential without watching it in its wide-screen, digital glory.
6305558167|5.0|An excellent interpritation of the King Arthur tales. It is not very consistent with the book, but still makes for a highly intriguing plot and interesting movie. It is full of humor, with Merlin being the main &quot;funny character&quot;, performing some standard comedy-style acts, such as falling into water, hitting his head, etc... That definetely does not make it a comedy because all those things blend in very well with the general flow of the motion picture, raising the general mood, but never over-playing.<br />The presence of such actors as Liam Neeson and Patrick Stewart as secondary characters is surprising, but their excellent acting only makes the film better.
0671042858|1.0|I am an avid reader of any Stephen Kings books and expected much more from him then this book offered.  It was very slow and had a very boring, repetative plot. The book is based on a little girl who gets lost and does the same thing day in and day out, over and over again.  If you would like a excellent adventure..check out some of Bently Little's books.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|What a waste. A potentially hillarious idea turned into such a waste of film, and now, DVDs. The flick has its moments, like the &quot;Whassup&quot; Scream guy scene, and a couple of others. The trailer for this movie had everybody laughing hard, but when I saw the movie, I discovered that the parts in the trailer were the only parts of the movie that were funny. Everything else had to do with the male organ, sex, or homosexuality, all crudely portrayed. If you have decent taste and you have seen the comercials, there is no reason for you to buy this trash.
0871359448|5.0|I wish that Jim Starlin had the oppertunity to illustrate this one.  It brings all his former characters together. Warlock, Thanos,Pip the Troll.  George Perez brings a new perspective to his characters.<br />This one has it all. The destruction of the universe as we know it. It doesn't get any better than this!  Lady Death returns for a shock ending that should have stuck. If Marvel didn't revive Thanos, it would have been have a fitting end to the deadly character.  He exists at the end of the story.....but there is a twist I won't tell you about.
B00003CXBK|5.0|You don't have to be an anime fan to enjoy this movie, as atested by notables such as &quot;Titanic&quot; director James Cameron.  The animation, acting, story, action are ALL great--think of it as the &quot;Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot; of anime.  And if you haven't seen &quot;Tiger&quot; yet then you really must.
B000002H38|5.0|My wife and I fell in love with each other listening to this album. Our favorite song is Sweet Love. Anita Baker has such a beautiful, soulfull, and rich voice. Every song on this album is good. After buying this album when it came out, I have since purchased all of her releases, and this is still by far my favorite. If you like smooth jazz, adult comtemporary pop, R &amp; B, etc., you will loooooove this album.
B00004Z1MN|1.0|I waited almost two months to rent this video.  Unfortunately., I was disappointed.  The movie while poignant, was spasmodic and disjointed.  I had to try too hard to piece together the events while they were occurring.  James Caviezel's performance was compelling.  Dennis Quaid's acting was fair.
B000005HBI|5.0|This cd was my initial experienceto &quot;Cassie&quot;. A true &quot;artist&quot;, no matter where their particular genious lies, in whatever arena they choose,(or compelled, due to their innate gifts); are also generally, and liberally blessed with an &quot;in-depth ability of expressive diversity&quot;. Cassanda Wilson displays this with astounding power and grace herein.Her &quot;covers&quot; here; probably made the originanators,&quot;bliss and smolder&quot; with the originality she displayed &quot;adapting and adopting&quot; their works. Her own material stands on its own as well, as nuianced and dusky,as anyone couldhave wished or hoped for. The various, and divergent &quot;covers&quot; display her shimmering vocalese to its optimal ranges, and she definitely &quot;makes and molds them&quot; to stand strongly as HER VERY OWN. Admitted &quot;guilty pleasure&quot;, &quot;Van the Man's &quot;Tupelo Honey&quot;. I made a &quot;cd-loop&quot; with this particular one;and while I listened, relaxed, and got &quot;smokey&quot; myself, a flicker of a wistful, and blissfilled smile curved my lips because I inherently knew somehow Van had heard this &quot;interpretation,&quot; and was as proud as any &quot;papa&quot; would be of this particular definitive representation of his &quot;classic&quot;. &quot;Cassie&quot; keep stretching and &quot;breaking down those &quot;genre walls&quot; cause you certainly have ALL the means and innate acumen to do it, if it's YOUR &quot;heart's desire.&quot; I'm willing to back you 150%. Just keep being your extraordinary self, and keep all that extaordinary diversity going right along with you. I'll follow,promise.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I will make this review straight to the point.  I recieved this DVD version of the first episode of Sex and the City for Chanukkah from my husband.  He knows what a big fan I am of this show.   This particular show is my favorite show on the TV right now. (Not including the discovery channel of course)  I just wanted to say how happy I am to have this DVD so I can watch it over and over any time I wish.  As it was said in previous customer reviews, the quality of the picture in the DVD is not always so clear, yet, I love this series so much, this particular viewer dosn't care at all.  It is so interesting to see how they progressed by making the basic main character, Carrie talk to the audience with voice over instead of directly to the camera.   As they film this series I personally find it gets better and better all the time.  I really hope they publish the other seasons of Sex and the City on DVD soon as I would like to collect all of the episodes.  I have been watching the more recent ones as well and character development ect. is really interesting and great.  If you are still dating and are out there or remember the &quot;growing pains&quot; of dating you will certainly love this series.
B00004XOWM|3.0|Limp Bizkit is a very misunderstood band. I do not respect them as artists. They are entertainers everybody. Comparing Limp Bizkit and NIN or any other artist's music is like trying to compare apples and bananas, you can try stating the obvious, but other than that nobody can say which is better. Their music is fun and airheaded, and annoying at points. But they are entertainers, and they succeed at that. This album was filler, hopefully following something better in the future. I would reccomend this album if you are a die-hard fan, but if you're just getting into Limp Biz get 3 dollar bill or Significant Other.
B000050XEI|1.0|I must disagree with the preponderance of positive reviews of this latest by Enya. I believe she peaked with her first work, when she burst onto the scene with &quot;Shepherds Moon,&quot; which I thought was exceptional in every respect. This album is just the latest in a very minor variation of the thematic core established years ago by Enya, in terms of the synthesized music that seems to force her admittedly beautiful voice into the background along with the lyrics. Listening to the mere 34 minutes was an exercise akin to staying to see how a bad movie ends. Enya should take an emotional cue from her sister, Maire Brennan, and her other relatives in Clannad. &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is flat, monotonous, repetitive, and a major disappointment.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Wow.  I bought this CD because I really liked &quot;Thank You,&quot; which I had only heard a few times on the radio.  While this song is still one of my favorites, the cd as a whole is so good you just won't be able to stand it!  There are a few songs that are so-so,  such as &quot;Honestly OK&quot; and &quot;Slide,&quot; but these are more than compensated for with songs like &quot;No Angel,&quot; which reminds me at times of a Linda Ronstadt-Carly Simon type tune (more due to the musical style than her voice), and &quot;All You Want,&quot; an incredibly powerful song that shows off the crystal clarity of Dido's voice.<br />She's been compared to Sarah McLachlan, and I'd have to say that &quot;Isobel&quot; is definitely McLachlan-esque, but Dido has a voice and style that is all her own, with gorgeous vocals and melodies and touching lyrics.<br />If you like &quot;Here With Me&quot; from Roswell or &quot;Thank You,&quot; don't hesitate; you need to get this cd NOW!  You won't be disappointed, as the majority of the songs are the same kind of style.  Can't wait for her sophomore effort!
0375703764|2.0|Some of the reviewers below, not all of whom liked this book, have said that Danielewski is a good writer.  Playing around with style, however, does not make a good writer.  &quot;House of Leaves&quot; is a third-rate horror/thriller bloated with a mass of irrelevant detail, especially when it comes to the pseudo-academic footnotes, which become annoying after the first few pages.  Consider this:<br />Navison films a movie of the house he moves into, and this documentary is then widely released.  It seems that professors all over the planet have been spending all their time analysing it and writing books about it.  Why?  What's so special about this film?  The notion that so many people should spend so much time and mental energy over an essentially BORING family and their haunted house is ludicrous.  Danielewski seems to have anticipated this objection, and hints from the beginning at the fact that the film doesn't really exist, that the notes written by the old man are fakes.  Why then should we bother with it?  The story only works if we try to forget this, and pretend that the film and the house really exist as part of the story.  I can imagine Danielewski winking with post-modern irony, telling us, &quot;Well, isn't that what we do each time we read a story?&quot;  Yes, we do, but some of us don't find it that inspiring to have this pointed out to us.  The real irony is that we have the flimsiest of stories here.<br />Why is the book so confusing to some people, so convoluted and complex?  Well, because the book, like the house, is a labyrinth; you're supposed to get lost in it.  And if you don't believe me, consider this:<br />Somewhere in the first 50 to 100 pages, Danielewski mentions a certain Pierre Menard, who rewrote Don Quixote.  This has nothing to do with anything, except to draw the reader's attention to Jorge Luis Borges, who wrote a short essay some 50-60 years ago about a fictional person who rewrote Don Quixote word for word.  Anyone who hasn't read Borges before can find this short masterpiece in ... &quot;Labyrinths.&quot;  (Wow, what a coincidence!)  Other coincidences:  Borges, like the old man, was blind, often compared books and libraries to labyrinths, and if that isn't enough, he can be glimpsed peering out from one of the collages in &quot;House of Leaves.&quot;  (Some of you may also recognise him as Jorge, the blind librarian in &quot;The Name of the Rose.&quot;)<br />Borges made an interesting discovery when he began to write many years ago.  He had an idea for a book, but decided, instead of writing it, to write ABOUT it, as if it had already been written by someone else.  Borges's essays also had footnotes referring to books which did not exist.  Why write hundreds of pages, Borges asked, when one can express the same idea in just a few hundred words?  The marvel of Borges is his dazzling economy, his ability to express a labyrinth of ideas in a very small space.<br />If Danielewski had followed Borges's example, and given us his story with the same spare economy, instead of wasting so much paper to scatter words about the page backwards and upside-down, there would not be anything left worth publishing.<br />To sum up, then: A piece of crap.
B000001U3K|5.0|Lou Reed destroys the old fashioned ways to make music in this album, and starts touching the stars with his unique wonderful guitar playing, as the angels came to earth and touch our ears. Some people have said that he was just the recicle of The Velvet Undergound, but they just don't know how the hecks he got on stage every night to play in front of a bunch of old fashioned rock &amp; roll soldiers, whom by the way have you ever seen my diploma of the rock &amp; roll Hall of Fame?... well back in my review He's a &quot;goodfella&quot;, I met him back in 68 in Warhol's studio, you know the one with the used toilet paper in the walls It was the good old days anyway... so enjoy this psicodelic bestiality album. I gave it a five star because in the first place I olny use five stars Hotels and because is a good album, although I haven't heard it yet.
6301963717|5.0|Though it seems northern and cold, we never actually find out where Miller's Crossing is set. My guess is somewhere on the border of Ellroy's corrupted LA, Scorsese's Mafia world and a third territory; a pulpy, straight-faced, frosty, warm Coen Brothers land. Here, a two timing bookie, Bernie Bernbaum has upset a rather strange gangster, Johnny Caspar. Caspar's primary concern is \\"etics\\" i.e. ethics. For the bookie's unethical offense (he leaked information about a fixed fight), Caspar and his domineeringly vicious right-hand man, Eddie Dane want to have Bernbaum killed because \\"If you can't trust a fix, what can ya trust\\". For the killing to go through, Caspar must have a sit down with the guy who's \\"runnin things\\". That guy is Leo, the mick who may or may not be going soft. Either way, he won't give Caspar the go ahead because he's in love with Bernie's sister Verna.  Except that Verna, is in what is called a \\"business arrangement\\" with Leo and is really in love with Tom, Leo's right-hand man who may or may not be cold-blooded. He and Verna are engaged in a love/maim relationship. \\"I never met a person who makes being a son-of-a-bitch such a point of pride\\" she tells him.        <br />Rest assured that the above synopsis is about five minutes worth of film. The Byzantine plot, involving crosses, double crosses and more crosses, is arousing in its dexterity. Guided by Gabriel Byrne's studied, intelligent performance as Tom, a man with an acid tongue, revealing as little as possible, the plot which spirals immaculately around the enigmatic protagonist is shaped into a figure of sculpted perfection. No scene is wasted. Not one line of dialogue is unmemorable. Yet Miller's Crossing has paid for that. Many critics have complained that for a film to be so aesthetically attractive, it has to be slick and soulless. It has never gotten the respect it deserved, never gets mentioned in the same breath with other crime classics such as Chinatown or The Maltese Falcon, films Iconsider Miller's Crossing to be at least the equal of. Then again, Miller's Crossing is no ordinary crime film.<br />At times it resembles an absurdist comedy as when a spectacularly obese woman joins a violent confrontation between Tom and Leo with her own comically small handbag. Or when one member of a completely bribable police force shoots an innocent shop keeper dead, and laughs pathetically at the dead man's shaking body, he looks back at the rest of the police force, they all start laughing loudly as if they were in some comic strip. Then the police officer is riddled with a staggering amount of bullets. At other times, the film is a melodrama as when Verna confronts Tom about the fate of her brother. In the film's most memorable scene, out on Miller's Crossing, a beautiful part of the forest in a seemingly perpetual fall season, the place where many of the \\"hits\\" i.e. murders take place a man running infront of another, about to be executed starts begging pathetically for his life. \\"I beg of you,\\" he asks first. \\"Look in your heart\\" he then pleads. \\"I'm praying to you,\\" he finally begs, on his knees in a chilling pictorial of cruelty and beauty. The outcome of this scene is the axis on which the whole film rotates. That something may lie under those poisonous one liners and sculpted exteriors. A softness that should in all self-serving wisdom remain obscure.<br />It seems that everything fell into place for this film. Barry Sonnenfeld's autumnal browns, oaks and reds set a frosty, evocative, elegant atmosphere. Nothing in his own films, as a director has ever looked so good. I consider Carter Burwell's score to be the second best ever written (after Ennio Morricone's The Mission). The haunting opening theme alone tells that this \\"crime\\" film is like no other. And a beautiful rendition of \\"Danny Boy\\" by Frank Patterson, that plays over the film's second best scene, was so memorable, that this violent scene which also reveals an unexpected dimension to theLeo character became known simply as the \\"Danny Boy\\" scene. Again the beauty of this rendition is in absolute opposition with the violence of the scene. The result is strangely majestic. <br />With a script of this quality I doubt that any actor would look bad, but all the actors shine, probably knowing that they would never again have an opportunity to utter suck needle-like words. Many of the words seem to be invented, with phrases like \\"What's the rompus\\" replacing the traditional hello, others seemed to be dug up from some really old detective novel, with words like \\"twist\\" meaning woman and \\"schmada\\" meaning guy. Even the secondary character such as The Dane gets to flex his vicious verbosity in an exchange such as this:<br />The Dane: Where is Leo?<br />Man lying on the floor: Why should I tell? You're going to kill me anyway.<br />The Dane: Because if you told me and you were lying, I wouldn't get to kill ya then.<br />Man lying on the floor: He's having a get together tomorrow at his whisky joint. Check it. It's gold.<br />The Dane: You know what buster. I believe you.<br />I don't think I need to point out what happens next.<br />Everytime I watch Miller's Crossing I love it a little more. It's a beautiful film to look at. It is sharp, gripping and absorbing from start to finish. But everytime I watch the credits roll on what has been such an experience, I think that there is one word to describe the way I feel about it. Awe.
0553106635|5.0|Aii, where to start. So much has been said already here.<br />Two magnificent instalments, and then STORM OF SWORDS, eagerly, oh so eagerly awaited. And this third volume initially lulled me into a false type of security so immense that I sure won't forget it. The first half &amp; something  moves along rather placidly, relying more on character &amp; plot build-up than real fireworks. GRRM taking a breather from the general \\"character slaughter\\" ? Well, nasty tongues may call the first chapters somewhat Jordan-esque, building up to...something (?),  but certainly interspersed with some brilliant scenes &amp; interludes (e.g. Sansa's interrogation by the Tyrell family, Jon Snow's adventures beyond the wall, anything about Daenerys, etc.), but so what...- until certain parties join for a hastily arranged wedding feast to correct wrongs done out of impulse by some of the protagonists...and all hell breaks loose...and the final 350 pages that follow are simply a brutal, no-holds-conventional-rule-breaking-watershed in modern fantasy - no more, no less - all the way up to a last page of an epilogue that may be the eeriest, most mindboggling final lines ever written in a fantasy epic.<br />You want details ? Buy the darn book !<br />But kidding aside, why the so-called watershed ? Well, here we have to return to the Grandmaster Himself who defined the rules of high fantasy for decades to come: JRR Tolkien. Basically, he established a manicheistic system as the basic tenet for the genre (good is good, bad is bad; roles &amp; morals of given individuals are clearly defined). While Tolkien was a brilliant writer, he unfortunately forced the genre into a rather limited straightjacket of characterization, which - even more unfortunately - was gobbled up like ambrosia by the D&amp;D crowd - anybody for Forgotten Realms, R.A. Salvatore and friends ? - turning Modern Fantasy into a McDonalds-like affair. The best, recent attempts in this field to escape the pattern were Donaldson, Eddings, Jordan &amp; Goodkind, but ultimately they succumbed to the major rule of the game: manicheism combined with emotional repetiveness of the characters ! ...which is nice &amp; comforting in a genre that is conservative in nature - but ultimately boring if you are in for the kicks in the Internet-Age (especially in a case like R. Jordan, that seems afraid to take his series to a cathartic conclusion and keeps meandering around the bushes...).<br />Over the last 25 years, I only see two authors (and yeah, damn, I've read quite a few of them in the genre) that have made serious attempts to break this straightjacket: First, Gene Wolfe with his early-Eighties-series \\"Book of the New Sun\\" - in spite of widespread literary acclaim at the time, this epic seems to have been condemned to oblivion for the simple reason of its incredible lyrical density - it is a \\"tough\\" read - too tough for the conventional human fantasy-consumer. If you can get a hold of it, get it - it'll turn your fantasy-world upside down !<br />And the second author - of course - is George RR Martin - literally an iconoclast who is rewriting the rules of the genre, blowing Tolkien's unchangeable law of manicheism into deepest outer space, with a lightness of pen and pencil unseen in decades in this genre.<br />Should we be surprised ? Ladies, gentlemen, especially the Jordan-ites - whether you like it or not: GRRM has been around as a SF-borderline-to-fantasy-writer for almost 30 years, winning his first of three Hugo-Awards in 1975 (!), being renowned as an excellent stylist ever since. It is humbling, almost humiliating and indicative about the current state of fantasy literature that an old master of sci-fi take a short \\"vacation\\" from his mainstay business to show hotshots like Jordan, Goodkind, Feist, T. Williams &amp; x-amount of others how to go about to redefine the rules of the genre.<br />And I must confess - I am looking forward to the next GRRM-volume - and not the next, repetitiveR. Jordan dissertation on Rand, Nynaeve, etc.<br />The genre is changing...because it must. <br />Hang in...and soar with the real deagon - GRRM.<br />Sparrowhawk
068818071X|5.0|Now that I own all 5 of Marian Keyes' books, both being a mix of British and American editions, I can say without question that this is the best. Rachel's family is the same family that is showcased in &quot;Watermelon&quot; and luckily for us &quot;Watermelon&quot; gives Rachel's family a greater charm if you read it before &quot;Rachel's Holiday&quot;. It is easy to become wrapped up in Rachel's life because so often you are able to see your own traits in Rachel. She denies her problems enough to be interesting without being allowed to go over the edge and become horribly annoying. In all of her books, Marian writes of women who can be you, your best friend, or, as in &quot;Sushi for Beginners&quot;, that woman you hate but wish you were. As with all of Marian Keyes' books, I suggest going to Amazon.uk for the British editions. You may not understand every phrase but the richness of the story is increased by the Irishness.
B00004YA66|5.0|Yes, I cried at this movie....it really shows the depth of family, of regret, of &quot;what-if&quot;'s, of the bond between parent and child.  It resonates into what is most people's feelings of nostalgia about family and wishing &quot;if only&quot; they had more time with their loved ones...if only they were &quot;still here&quot;, how &quot;things would be so different&quot;, of thinking, &quot;what if it IS possible?...&quot;  It is a fabulous movie.
B000050IMG|5.0|This is a very funny movie. If you like gross humor this is for you. If you are eaisly offended DO NOT SEE THIS.
0553213105|5.0|I was assigned this book for my AP Literature class and the grunts and groans running through the room were audible.  A comedy of manners at first seemed like it would be no comedy at all.  From what others had told me, Jane Austen had always been lumped with that group of 19th century authors to avoid at all costs.<br />I couldn't have been more wrong.  Jane Austen is delightfully humorous and the sarcastic humor that underlies the characters of Elizabeth, Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bennett rounds out the book and the characters themselves.  The protagonist, Elizabeth Bennett is an intelligent young woman stuck in the early 19th century.  And while she is resigned to fitting the role of young women at the time, she is also able to see the silliness by which other girls govern their lives, and though she does nothing to warrant it, the reader automatically places her above the others.  She contains all the elements of a charming protagonist as she is honest, intelligent and witty all at the same time.<br />I loved Mr. Darcy, as well, on his first appearance.  Admittedly he was haughty and conceited but from first sight Elizabth begins to chip away at his pride, though she frequently refuses to give him so much as a word.  Reading the back cover I thought this was going to be a typical romance story, but it wasn't that either.  Despite many other 'romances', the one the reader really wants to see is held off time and time again, and by the last few pages it feels like it may never come about.<br />This is definitely worth reading and is above the ruin that college discussions will often cause.
B000002H2H|5.0|There is really no need for this review, since I agree with practically all other reviews. In my opinion, this is the greatest thrash album of all time. Every song here is a blast, whereas the very similar (and almost as excellent) Master of puppets have two weak tracks. Go get it.
B00004WG2X|5.0|I have seen this fabulous production countless times after I bought the video, and it gets better at each viewing. I've also seen the A&amp;E version only once a couple years ago. In my opinion, I liked this vintage adaptation of Jane Austen's novel a lot better.  Elizabeth Garvie was fantastic as Elizabeth. She played the part with maturity and a hint of enthusiasm in her voice. The guy who plays as Mr. Darcy was a little stiff, but he had a remarkable stage presence. Mr. Collins was extremely funny. He sounded just like Marvin the martian. The rest of the cast delivered  a spectacular performance, but I must say that I liked Jane the best. The actress who portrays her possesses the qualities that anyone (including me) would want in a sister. Finally, all I have left to say is that this BBC classic is a must-see for all Jane Austen fans.
B000050XEI|3.0|I was expecting a bit more from her after five years of silence. The album shows little evolution: the old pizzicatos, simple melodies determined by an evident tempo -recycled through most of the songs-, same arrangements of voice than her previous work...the old and distintive enya sound. One can perceive how she has grown by listening to her chronologically but, this cd seems like an extension, a second part of &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot;. I wasn't expecting such a predictable work of music. Exceptions can be named: Wild Child and Lazy Days, two pieces that have their charm because or their freshness &gt;Same enya sound but in a more mature style. Want to buy it? Yes, why not.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Sometimes movies come out that are just wonderful without having to reflect on why they are. This movie is one of those. It is not the best movie ever, necessarily; but it by far exceeds the type of movie it could have been. Rather than bombarding the viewer with cheesy special effects and a mindless plotline, director Brian Singer has effectively created a universe that is surreal, haunting, and enjoyable; much like Star Wars, Indiana Jones, and American Beauty. The performances in this movie are moving and the actors play their characters dead on. I hope that Singer will bring many of the elements and positive outlooks that he reveals in the DVD interviews to future sequels. Fans of the comics and animated series should commend all involved in the production of this movie.
B000006TRV|5.0|This is Pink Floyd on the brink - of madness, of splitting up, of civil war, of literary profundity (or as near as rock music gets to it). It's almost a Roger Waters solo project, and occasionally has that feel about it, but the other three quarters of the band always add something extra, which elevates above anything remotely normal. <br />The album is a precarious balancing act between Roger Waters sort-of life story and a generalised ode to the evil of human existence. Roger/&quot;Pink&quot; is gradually screwed up by anyone who cares to know him - a father killed in the war (&quot;daddy what you leave behind for me?&quot;), an overbearing mother (&quot;of course mama's gonna help build the wall&quot;), teachers from hell (&quot;pouring their derision on anything we did&quot;), wives, doctors, fellow rock musicians, and various addictive substances. Brick by brick The Wall is built, completing Roger/Pink's alienation from society, until he becomes a lonely, isolated, worn-out, scarred, broken man. It's a sad story of rocking excess, parental mistreatment and psychological damage. Roger/Pink eventually falls back into a form of proto-fascism, as he forgets the words to his songs and &quot;the worms&quot; of madness enter his head.<br />This is a highly ambitious project, and sometimes is doesn't quite come off. All PF albums were marked by some light touches, but it's a fine line between light touches and pathos, which The Wall sometimes falls into. But the album is carried by brilliance in almost every department: there are lyrics that stay with you forever, and even phrases are laced with genius (&quot;hey you&quot;, &quot;comfortably numb&quot;, &quot;is there anybody out there?&quot;, &quot;we don't need no education&quot;); the music is incredible, and some guitar riffs rock you like you ain't never been rocked before (Hey You, Comfortably Numb, In the Flesh); the instruments and voices are all in fine form (particularly the hilarious Trial); and the sound effects are as superb as ever.<br />Listen to this album, it's important: a) it says something about life, art, and the dangers of both; b) the music and lyrics are both amazing. The Wall is not just about Roger/Pink, but about us all - we can all decline, get screwed up, and act like this. Hey you - watch out . . .
B0000025YM|5.0|What is there to say about this album that hasn't been said? I've heard hundreds and thousands of metal albums in my days, but only one that consists of nothing but truly perfect metal songs. Defenders of the faith.
B00004T9UF|5.0|First of all, I would like to say that I dont even like rap. I ususally listen to Slipknot and Everclear. But when I heard the real slim shady on the radio I had to get this cd. I couldn't believe how awesome it was. Every single song is good. The best song is definitely Kill You. Whenever I'm having a bad day I sing along with this song. It sounds violent but it's actually pretty funny. Who Knew has some of the best lyrics. I'm Back has a good tune thats impossible not to like. Drug Ballad is one of the best songs on there and so is Amityville. I have no idea why people are freaking out over Kim. It's not that violent. '97 Bonnie and Clyde is probably more violent then Kim is. Under the Influence is hilarious and Criminal is awesome. You have to buy this cd.
B00004TH83|5.0|First of all, I'll say, this Cd continues where C&eacute;line left off. I bought the original release of Lara's self-titled Cd in December of 99. I was amazed at how good this young woman's voice was. She has a good range vocally, and she has that sentimental value about her. All the tracks are great. &quot;Adagio&quot; has to be the best, though, because of her suspenseful approach to a climax. I appreciate the fact she wrote her own music. There are so few talented singers whom actually write their own music.<br />&quot;I will love again&quot; was the song of last summer, then quickly turned into a fanatastic remix. The video only came out a couple of months ago. This track sets the mood altogether different. The mood changes fast, as the end of the Cd is very quiet. &quot;I will love again&quot; is one of the two really moving tracks on the disc. The other fast track is &quot;Til I get over you&quot;.<br />&quot;Lara Fabian&quot; is a Cd for those nights where you want to cuddle up in front of a fire with a glass of wine. I recommend you buy this CD for someone special on Valentine's day. Lara doesn't get carried away vocally, considering the choice of songs written for such an album. I don't find the album commercial. Rather more artistic in a classic way. The only drawback to the Cd is track 2, &quot;Givn' up on you&quot;. It's refrain is very repetitive.<br />We're treated to an Italian version of &quot;Adagio&quot;, as the closing track. It's just slightly less deep, vocal wise. The english version has that strength and power to blow you away<br />I mentioned that I bought the original version. There's no difference in the two versions, but the Cd jacket is changed. I prefer the new cover to the old one. I always preferred the cosmetic side of things! I'm just plain old fussy.<br />So, if you like C&eacute;line style music, buy this great love Cd. It's worth the money. Did my review help you?
0399146253|5.0|I read alot of poor reviews on this, but had to buy it anyway. I was not at all annoyed by Dr. Scarpetta's introspection in the beginning.  I am extremely curious about the murders and relationships to past villians that P.Cornwell is intro-weaving into Dr. Scarpetta's nightmare.  As always with this series, during the day, I can't wait to read more at night!
0767851900|5.0|Ok this is in my top 5 movie list. Im only 15 and im considered ignorant and foolish for agreeing completely with this movie....its a satire while at the same time it shows people what they need to see.....that christianity is in a corrupt state...especially catholicism! we believe in one true god...in god we trust while at the same time we hear every sunday of tithing and how the lord thanks a generous giver...so in closing i agree with this movie....it has opened my eyes to a world which was alreadt in front of me...the world of god...not the world of church...oh and it made me laugh.
B00004Z459|5.0|If your looking for a new alternative, funk, punk, rock, and metal band, look no further!<br />Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is one of the best CDs I have ever heard.  Almost every song on the CD is awesome.  Any one of these songs can make the band big.  They are already big with &quot;One Step Closer,&quot; and will continue to grow in popularity when, song tracks, 1-6, and 8,9,10, &amp; 12 are possible new releases.  The next best song on the CD would have to be &quot;In the End.&quot;  This is an incredible song, and will probably be the band's next big hit.  <br />If you want a CD that you can listen through the whole thing without having to skip a track, this is the CD for you.
B00003CXFV|4.0|When a single mother obtains clerical work at a local law firm, her curiosity concerning a relatively mundane real estate deal prompts her investigation into what ultimately uncovers egregious misdeeds by the local energy company.<br />The inevitable problem with any film based on real-life events is the relative lack of suspense and surprises for viewers familiar with the story. We know that Karen Silkwood is going to die under suspicious circumstances at the end of Silkwood and we know that the tobacco companies are going to pay at the end of The Insider. And since we saw Erin herself being interviewed on all of the major news programs when this film was released, we know that she is not going to be run off the road to be kept quiet. On the contrary, we're aware that she's going to help win a major case against a huge company. But this doesn't mean that these films still can't be amazingly entertaining.<br />Despite these disadvantages, Brockovich's tale provides for one of the most engrossing films of the year due to the very entertaining script by Susannah Grant, the skill with which Steven Soderbergh unfolds the tale (the audience comes to sympathize completely with Erin whose character is in nearly every scene), and the terrific performance by Julia Roberts (sure to be nominated for an Oscar). And though Roberts dominates the entire film, Albert Finney offers some excellent support as her curmudgeon boss and Aaron Eckhart is fine as her sympathetic though neglected boyfriend. If you don't blink, you'll even see Brockovich herself as the waitress in a very early scene.
B00003CXBK|5.0|For those of you who base your judgement and rely on the score you see...don't do it for Mononoke Hime. At this time of this review, the score is currently 4 and a half stars. It should be 5, it really should. Mononoke Hime should not deserve anything less than a perfect score. This anime film is truly a masterpeice that extends its plot and creativeness beyond a human's wildest imaginations. Miyazaki's films are always masterpeices. Mononoke Hime and Grave of the Fireflies are 2 powerful films that stands out the most. If you haven't seen Grave of the Fireflies...then I recommend you to see that one, it's really emotional and a tearjerking story.<br />What really prevoked and motivated me at the same time to write this review is because of the score. It isn't really a review but more of a message that I'm trying to send out. Because of the ignorant people that swarm the anime community, many fans are sometimes being misinformed. And...it shows here at Amazon...here in the Mononoke Hime Reviews. Sometimes a score suffers and a masterpiece doesn't really get what it deserves is all because of the ignorant people. Well, I suppose 4 and a half isn't bad either but I still feel that it deserves a 5. All of you, the enlightened fans, I'm sure you would give Mononoke Hime a 5 star score...or maybe more:) <br />I have made my point clear. Mononoke Hime or should I say...Princess Mononoke is an epic anime movie and should not be missed. If you haven't seen it yet...I urge you to buy it and see it.
0060196122|4.0|The Book<br />Veronika Decides to Die<br />The Author<br />Paulo Coelho<br />Theme<br />If you have ever wondered why a keyboard is laid in QWERT order or what is the purpose of a Tie, or what it means by being normal or why some people become mad; then this book has its answers. Here Paulo Coelho is talking to himself; one finds some whisperings that we have all known and felt sometime or the other in our lives.<br />The Skeleton<br />The book begins with Veronika, a twenty-four year old Slovenian's decision to die. She finds no reason to live. Everyday was the same for her, nothing seemed to change. The suicide turns out to be a failure and she is admitted in an asylum in Vilette.<br />Here she is introduced to a new world, a world where she is free to do whatever she wanted, for the simple reason that she was mad. She discovers that a shadow of her life existed in the lives of Eduard, Zedka, and Mari who were the inmates. The author spins a magical web exploring the lives within the protective walls of Vilette where in the patients are allowed to rediscover their `madness' without criticism or harm. Their discovery turns out to be the message of the book.<br />Impression<br />Excellent.<br />Authors View<br />Q. What is the main idea in your new book?<br />Ans. That we have been educated to accept what society imposes on us. We never ask why we must do this or stop doing that. Those who accept such an imposition and do what the majority recommends are considered normal people. On the other hand, those who try to escape a pre-manufactured life and start fighting for their dreams are generally considered fools. In &quot;Veronika Decides to Die&quot;, I tell the story of people that, for one reason or the other do not follow the path of normality and feel obliged to find a new way.<br />Quotes from the Book<br />&quot; Madness is the inability to communicate your ideas. It is as if you are in a foreign country, able to see and understand everything that's going on around you, but incapable of explaining what you need to know or of being helped, because you don't understand the language they speak there. We have all felt that. And all of us, one way or another are mad.&quot;<br />&quot; But what is Reality?<br />Its what the majority deems it to be. Its not necessarily the best or the most logical. But it's the one that has become adapted to the desires of the society as a whole.&quot;<br />&quot; We are allowed to make a lot of mistakes in our lives, except the mistake that destroys us.&quot;<br />&quot; We lived together like fish in an aquarium, contented because someone threw us food when we needed it, and we could whenever we wanted to, see the world outside the glass.&quot;
B000002KHF|5.0|I think I may be the only 18 year old I know of who has ever heard of Van Morrison. The funny thing is though I've been listening to him since birth. Forced in the beginning by my mother, the Moondance album ( a dubbed out, yellowed white casette tape then) became the anthem of me and my brother's lives. I remember one time when I was at the ripe old age of eight, the power got knocked out at our house and we were stuck inside by a violent storm. My mom grabbed a candle and my brother got his portable radio. For the next hour, we just sat around the coffee table singing every word to every song in front of the flame. We had a hard time growing up with a single parent and there were obviously a lot of emotions to accompany that. Moondance, without a doubt, has a song for every one of them. The rythmic style of the music and Van's one of a kind voice, are really theraputic. I didn't know when I was younger that he had songs other than the ones on this album. Come to find out later in life, he was the creator of the hits: Brown-Eyed Girl, Wild Night, and Gloria and yet he was my favorite singer despite not knowing of them. That's how great this album is. I would confidently recommend this over the Greatest Hits and especially the track Into the Mystic. Enjoy!
B00003CXE7|3.0|When Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris) admits to favoring the general Maximus (Russell Crowe) as his successor, instead of his dishonest son Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix), Commodus takes steps to ensure that his father's wishes are never realized, to the detriment of Aurelius, Maximus, their families and to Rome herself.<br />This beautifully executed, gorgeously photographed and wonderfully acted film is also (unfortunately) almost totally unoriginal. Avid filmgoers have already seen this again and again, even down to the tiresome clich&eacute;s like the perplexing convention that all nefarious despots seem be a tad effeminate. There will be few surprises for those who have seen such films as the two versions of Ben-Hur (1926, 1959), The Robe (1953), Demetrius and the Gladiators (1954) and Spartacus (1960), not to mention Anthony Mann's equally sprawling The Fall of the Roman Empire (1964) of which this is very close to being a remake.<br />Ridley Scott makes it all palatable to modern audiences who have come to expect large doses of snazzy computer graphics and frenetic action scenes (with the concomitant sprinklings of realistic gore). Here Scott brilliantly employs the &quot;strobe effect&quot; photography which Spielberg put to good use recently in his Saving Private Ryan. Alas, some of these scenes are completely over-the-top, with Crowe easily disposing of five or six heavily armed opponents without even breaking a sweat -- glaring incongruities, and often unintentionally laughable, in an otherwise beautifully detailed and painstakingly accurate treatment.<br />If you haven't seen the aforementioned films, this film may delight you from beginning to end. If you have seen those films, there is still lots here to recommend this film, though don't expect any surprises.
0140067477|5.0|This is a fantastic little book that explains some basic ideas about Taoism.<br />Now, a lot of people reading that will think &quot;Taoism?  Isn't that one of those weird Eastern religions?  I don't want any part of that!&quot;<br />Well, sheesh.  There's a lot more to it than that!  :)<br />Actually, in this particular case, the Taoist thoughts and ideas that are presented have very little to do with religion and very much to do with how to live a Nice Easygoing Life.  Taoism, you see, is at once a religion, a philosophy, a set of folk tales, and also just kind of a guide for living from day to day in a manner that lets you &quot;go with the flow&quot;.<br />So whether you're a Christian, Muslim, Jew, Buddhist, Hindu, animist, or whatever else, this book isn't going to be heresy.  It's not going to get you excommunicated and it's not even going to challenge your faith.  What it *will* probably do is make you stop, think, and say to yourself &quot;hey, a Little Smackerel of something Tasty would be nice, and flowing through life would be a lot easier if I were like a stream flowing around a rock.&quot;<br />For me, I found it actually helped to renew and refresh my faith in God.  It also sounded a heck of a lot like stuff that Jesus used to preach- of course, it also sounded like stuff that Buddha and Mohammed talked about!
B00003CXE7|5.0|The movie has a strong story line the whole way through it.   All the characters are well developed and do terrific jobs.  The action sequences are great.  Definitely a movie that can be watched more then once.
B000002KHF|5.0|I think I may be the only 18 year old I know of who has ever heard of Van Morrison. The funny thing is though I've been listening to him since birth. Forced in the beginning by my mother, the Moondance album ( a dubbed out, yellowed white casette tape then) became the anthem of me and my brother's lives. I remember one time when I was at the ripe old age of eight, the power got knocked out at our house and we were stuck inside by a violent storm. My mom grabbed a candle and my brother got his portable radio. For the next hour, we just sat around the coffee table singing every word to every song in front of the flame. We had a hard time growing up with a single parent and there were obviously a lot of emotions to accompany that. Moondance, without a doubt, has a song for every one of them. The rythmic style of the music and Van's one of a kind voice, are really theraputic. I didn't know when I was younger that he had songs other than the ones on this album. Come to find out later in life, he was the creator of the hits: Brown-Eyed Girl, Wild Night, and Gloria and yet he was my favorite singer despite not knowing of them. That's how great this album is. I would confidently recommend this over the Greatest Hits and especially the track Into the Mystic. Enjoy!
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|Be prepared to get a little frustrated when you get this DVD.  Several brands of DVD players are unable to read this disc, so  you may not be able to watch it at all.  Also, the FBI warning at the beginning takes 17 minutes, and there's no way to fast-forward through it, or skip over it.<br />If you can get past these technical quirks, then you are in for one hell of a raunchy and VERY FUNNY movie!
B00003CXHJ|4.0|The first time I watched the movie I constantly made comparisons to the submarine classic Das Boot.  I was very disappointed with the movie.  I then decided to watch the movie and let it stand on its own.  It is not even close to the caliber of Das Boot none the less it is a very good movie.  If you haven't seen Das Boot watch this first then Das Boot.
0316921173|4.0|Here is a work with many flaws and cheap devises: men in drag, several birth-defected and malformed characters lifted without significance from K Dunn's Geek Love, and a few long and cripplingly boring scenes which DFWallace returns to again and again. And, oh yeah, the author is smarter than us, we get it. So much intellectual &quot;onanism&quot;, re: the 100 pages of endnotes: many are vital, many entertaining, many mundane, many simply belong within the pages of the main text, but DFW makes the point clear - many of these endnotes exist simply to be endnotes! As for the novel's socio-politcal satire, I'll take Vonnegut twice on sundays.<br />STILL, though he may need a talented and aggressive editor, this guy can write; a true heavyweight, he strikes out, sure, but he hits 'em perfectly too. And How. <br />While there were times I thought I couldn't recommend this book to any but one of my friends, thinking I could not wait to just FINISH this behemoth, I eventually and decisively reverted my stance. IJ's pleasures are rich and plentiful, far too numerous to mention here. (Will say: the AA sections are consistently wow.) All told, this thing's assets far outweigh it's liabilities. I have not read a more rewarding book since.<br />Probably a Must Read, if only for the adventurous:  many of DFW's ideas about art are relayed via one character's avant-garde film-making: he aims to tell of Life, without singular focus or neatly tied and tapered strings, and he sticks to his conceits. I have now recommended this novel widely &amp; [GASP] would like to read it again.<br />It's that good.<br />(I don't know anyone who has now read it, who hasn't really enjoyed it.)
B00004XOWM|5.0|I just want everyone to know that this cd was the best of them yet.  To all of the people who don't like it and have a problem with it, then just don't listen to it and don't buy the next one when it comes out, it's as simple as that.  I thought that it was great, expecially the songs &quot;My Way&quot; and &quot;Rollin&quot;  They were awesome.  Limp Bizkit Rocks!
B00004Z459|5.0|linkin park is one of the best bands i have ever heard. i've seen them in concert with the kottonmouth kings, rehab, and corporate avenger and they were definently the most awesome band there. i agree with other reveiwers that their lyrics are sort of confusing and sometimes seen to not mean anything, but there sound is great. personally, i could care less about the meaning of the lyrics. Another great thing about linkin park is that they dont swear at all so i dont get any greif from my parents. theyre comparable to bands like korn and limp bizkit, if you like those bands, get hybrid theory, you wont regret it.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This is such an awesome album! I first heard of Pink! when about a year ago some guy in NYC was handing out promo cards for her upcoming release. he was yelling out &quot;yo! she's gonna be the next hot thing!&quot;. Of course, i didnt really take him seriously. But then a few months later her single &quot;there you go&quot; started blowing up! I was shocked! I got her album, and was amazed! She does an awesome job of combining r&amp;b and pop, and she has a really unique style! If you like destiny's child you will love pink! Trust me. If you like all 3 of her singles she's released so far, the rest of this album will not disapoint you!!
B00003CXE7|3.0|I was really looking forward to this movie after everything I'd heard about it, but I was kind of disappointed. The movie  had its good points-the special effects were spectacular, as were the gladiatorial combats. But it sure doesn't take a genius to write this script. This is why I feel that although Gladiator is an entertaining movie, it is not worthy of so much praise. There have been better movies set in the Roman period like Ben-Hur and Spartacus. Gladiator somehow lacked emotional conviction. Also, I felt that it failed to depict well the history or lifestyle of the period. Sue me for being different, but this is just what I feel.
B00000IP3S|4.0|This album was my first experience with Blind Guardian, and I must say they haven't let me down in the least.  Though they're generally labelled as a power metal act, BG's stuff here will go down as some of the most intense speed/thrash around, with melody and acoustic textures replacing angry lyrics and cliche song structures.  <br />I'm not the most knowledgeable when it comes to this style, but they certainly seem to have a unique sound.  The use of fantasy lyrics, choir-like choruses and alternating clean/raw vocals separate Blind Guardian from many of their contemporaries.  My favorite songs are the title track, &quot;The Script for My Requiem&quot; and &quot;Mordred's Song&quot;, though there really isn't a weak song on the album.  Hansi Kuersch's vocals are excellent, packed with soul and a powerful delivery, and I found the acoustic guitar work great, too.  It's well-placed within the songs.  <br />My only complaint is that a few of the faster songs seem to be a little indistinguishable, mostly due to a slightly buried rhythm guitar and the band's writing technique (they seem to write songs around vocals lines, thus the guitar riffs don't really stand out).  Don't let it discourage you, however, it's a minor complaint.  As I said, there really isn't a weak song here.  Can't wait to hear NIGHTFALL...
B00003CXE7|5.0|There is no way you can not enjoy this movie. &quot;Gladiator&quot; is the greatest movie I have ever seen. Russel Crowe makes the perfect Maximus...he's incredibly sexy and talented. Making the leading man complete. He'll give the others a run at the academy awards, lemme tell ya what. There is no part in the movie that anyone would consider &quot;slow&quot; or &quot;boring&quot;, in the movie you have something for everyone...violence, drama, romance...its all there. The fighting scenes are edge-of-your-seat-pee-your-pants exciting.  You have your gore and your glory; your villains and your heroes. See this movie, and I *assure* you that it will soon be in your video collection.
B0000256VK|5.0|ROXY REFINES IT'S SOUND TO A T AND PRODUCES IT'S MOST ATMOSPHERIC AND SOPHISTICATED WORK. <BR>AVALON IS A TOUR DE FORCE OF PRISTINE PRODUCTION AND DECADENT ROMANTICISM.<BR>SONGS SUCH AS &quot;TRUE TO LIFE&quot; AND &quot;MORE THAN THIS&quot; ARE POLISHED POP VERGING ON NEW AGE.<BR>THERE IS A DREAMY VIBE PRESENT THROUGHOUT EACH TRACK THAT IS HARD TO RESIST AS BRYAN FERRY'S VOCALS DELICATELY FLOAT AND SWERVE AS THEY CARESS EVERY WORD MEANWHILE THE BAND PROVIDES A LUSH STYLISH CASCADE OF ELEGANT GROOVES.<BR>BRYAN FERRY ALWAYS COMES ACROSS AS A ROMANTIC WILLING TO GIVE IT ALL JUST TO HAVE THAT GIRL.<BR>&quot;TO TURN YOU ON&quot; IS A PERFECT EXAMPLE OF THIS FRAGILE FOOL FOR LOVE PERSONA...<BR>&quot;SPRING SUMMER..WHENEVER..WINTER THRU FALL..I'D DO ANYTHING TO TURN YOU ON&quot;<BR>&quot;AVALON&quot; DANCES WITH AN IRRESISTABLE SLINKY CARRIBEAN GROOVE AS IT UNFOLDS THE TALE OF ROMANCE AT FIRST SIGHT AND THE ECSTACIES THAT FOLLOW.<BR>&quot;NOW THE PARTY'S OVER..I'M SO TIRED..THEN I SEE YOU COMIN'...OUT OF NOWHERE...AVALON&quot;<BR>THIS IS AN ALBUM OF EXQUISITE BEAUTY THAT CAPTIVATED ME THE FIRST TIME I HEARD IT.<BR>IT'S LIKE THE SUNLIGHT MELTING THE DARKNESS.<BR>&quot;AVALON&quot; IS PURE SONIC SPLENDOUR TO THE EARS AND TO THE HEART.<BR>GO AHEAD AND BUY SOME FOR YOU AND YOUR LOVED ONE.<BR>O.F.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Limp Bizkit officially sold out on their second album &quot;Significant Other&quot;.   It was still pretty good.  Here Limp blends the rap style of &quot;Significant Other&quot; and the heavy metal style of their debut, &quot;Three Dollar Bill, Y'all&quot;.  The result is their best album yet.<br />The album carries from the funny rap style of &quot;Hot Dog&quot; to the rock of &quot;Take A Look Around&quot; to the ballad &quot;Hold On&quot; to the metal of &quot;Full Nelson&quot;.  There are 13 songs (not including Intro and Outro) with guests ranging from Scott Weiland of the Stone Temple Pilots to DMX.  It's a mix of metal and rap with a touch of other genres to make a smooth yet bumpy album.  Buy it.
0786915749|5.0|This review has more to do with the whole seris, than it does with just &quot;DRAGONS OF AUTUMN TWILIGHT.&quot;<br />The seris starts out with &quot;DRAGONS OF AUTUMN TWILIGHT&quot;, which is by far the best book I have ever read.  It starts out with a meeting of old friends (Tanis Half-elven, Sturm Brightblade, Flint Fireforge, Caramon, Raistlin, Tasslshoff Burrfoot, The Plainsman Riverwind and his companion Goldmoon.)  Riverwind and Goldmoon are being chased by Goblins because they have the blue crystal staff, and the Queen of Darkness wants it, which sends the companions on a very dangerous journey into darkness, death and betrail, with one thing bonding them together, HOPE.<br />The series sends the companions through many obsticals like the Evil Dragon Highords, and their Dragons who at first seem to be impossible to stop, until Tanis Half-elven's childhood friend, Laurana forages krynn's first Dragon Lances since the Caticysm. Combined with the magical Dragon Orbs, which were made during the Caticysm, by the most powerful of wizards in the Towers Of High Sorcery, and only those of the strongest of minds can control these magical orbs.  Which Laurana and Raistlin learn to control.  Laurana uses the orbs power for good, to help aid them in battle, in which Raistlin, of course uses them to add to his power, which finally leads to his betrayal to his campanions and his twin brother Caramon in their time of need, because the companions are in a ship that is being persuied by a Blue Dragon and It's Highlord, Kitiara, Tanis's former lover, and Caramon, and Raistlin's half sister who is now commander of one of the dark armies of the Queen of Darkness, and like Rastlin thirsts for power. She is after them because they hold the key to the Queen of Darkness's victory. The captin of the ship accidentally sails the ship into the mailstrom, this is when Rastlin uses the orb to save his life and when it also has the power to save his friends, but he doesnt, they ask him manytimes but he says It will drain his strengh to much, so he leaves them to sink in a whirlpool and then......<br />Laurana's brother comes back, and to everyones astonishment has came back with the good silver, gold, bronze, and copper dragons, which help them in battle very much and actually start to make everything start to look good until.....
B00003CX9S|5.0|Despite the fact that &quot;The Elephant Man&quot; is about a grossly deformed man, it is truly one of the most beautiful movies ever made. Director David Lynch has peered into the souls of both the &quot;outcasts&quot; and those considered &quot;normal&quot; in our society. Lynch has never been better, and the same may also be said about actors John Hurt and Anthony Hopkins.<br />Would-be circus man Bytes has put The Elephant Man/John Merrick (Hurt) on display in the freak show, attempting to profit from another man's misery. Dr. Frederick Treves (Hopkins) &quot;saves&quot; Merrick from the evil Bytes, but what does he do with Merrick? Puts him on display in another freak show of sorts for a panel of doctors. Treves has again stripped Merrick of his dignity and tried to to profit from his misery. So who is worse? Bytes or Treves?<br />And this is only the first 15 minutes of the film...<br />What eventually saves Treves is that he actually gets to know Merrick. Behind the deformity he discovers a human being.<br />There are so many beautiful and touching moments in this movie: Merrick's awe at watching the play, Merrick removing the pillows from his bed so he can sleep like a normal person and, of course, Merrick trapped at the train station and shouting out &quot;I am not an animal!&quot;<br />But my favorite moment comes when Merrick's fellow &quot;freaks&quot; in the circus help him escape. As they put him on a ship so he can hopefully find his way back home, the dwarf (Kenny Baker) says to him &quot;Good luck, my friend. And who needs it more than us?&quot;<br />Filmed in gorgeous black and white. They don't come any better than this.
B000051VWW|5.0|Intoxicating grooves attack your senses from the first moment...  Sade's usual sensual and seductive vocal mixed on top of stellar instrumentation provide the listener with a completely enjoyable experience.  The sonic imagination of Sade combines smooth groove with passionate vocal to create the ultimate smooth jazz experience.  I have always been a fan of artists who dedicate themselves to high-levels of productions.  Sade's &quot;Lover's Rock&quot; has just this.  Albums like Steeley Dan's &quot;Two Against Nature&quot; and Ryan Farish's &quot;In The Day&quot; also possess similar production characteristics, so you know where this listener's ears are pointing...  This high quality production along with brilliant music will make me have to have great albums like this every time.  Buy, buy, buy...!
B000051VWW|5.0|While Lovers Rock isn't quite up to Sade's previous releases, the sultry and sensuous vocalizations of Ms. Adu make this CD better than 99.9% of the current releases available.  A must have for true fans!
B0000524E5|3.0|I personaly thoght that this was a movie that was made to make guys droole and sneak in a pretty bad story line so that a small portion of girls would hopfully enjoy it. I hear people saying &quot; oh it is going to be a classic love story&quot; i mean come on it obviously is a movie with a weak and predictable storyline to hopfully cover up that it's main attraction is hot chicks dancing in tight cloths. But then there is a twist n my opinion for I am a guy therefor it gained a star or two with the hot ladies. I think any smart, teen movie goer(like myself)would agree
6304675348|5.0|This first film under this title by Wes Craven is a remarkable jigsaw puzzle mixing allusions to three major horror films (Nightmare on Elm Street, Friday 13th, Halloween) and a fair sense of suspense among teenagers. The suspense alone justifies the interest we can find in this film. It is built with great art and we discover that everything is constructed to let us know the criminal or criminals from the very start, provided we can read images properly. But the second interest is the intricacy of the plot that shows a great capability at mixing references, interlacing lines, interweaving crimes and events, keeping us alert and awake from beginning to end. But the essential interest of the film is that it is an absolutely realistic mirror image of teenagers. They are unconscious of what life is, though they cannot imagine death and are afraid of it more than any other generation before this one. They are cruel among themselves and totally closed to adults, unable to build or just accept a normal and equal relation to grownups. And that is their main, not shortcoming or drawback, but characteristic. Their world is entirely closed to the adult world around them, and they cannot have relations among themselves if adults are present. They can only live in the backs of adults, in a world, a culture, a lifestyle that is absolutely cut-off from adult society. In many ways they mimick their parents or their parents' generation. But they think, feel and consider they live a real life. They feel, think and consider they are totally independant, though they have no financial, no professional, no social autonomy. This fake independance on a background of radical dependance makes them play a dance that looks like that of a dog running after its wagging tail, or is it that of a tail running after a wagging dog. In such a world, a culture, a set of inter-individual relations it is fairly easy for some, who do not find the place or space they would like to have, or simply the ego-flattering that they need in order to exist, to become marginal (and their margin is the center of their world), or even criminal (and their crimes become the acme of an adventuristic life). Wes Craven does a marvelous job at depicting this youth at the end of the twentieth century. It is true to the very heart of its plot and story. The whole generation is  corrugated , and the few who are slight misfits in this corrugated world become paranoid, schizophrenic or anything else you want, and life is at stake, and the world is their target. Let them draw the knives then. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.flattering that they need in order to exist, to become marginal (and their margin is the center of their world), or even criminal (and their crimes become the acme of an adventuristic life). Wes Craven does a marvelous job at depicting this youth at the end of the twentieth century. It is true to the very heart of its plot and story. The whole generation is  corrugated , and the few who are slight misfits in this corrugated world become paranoid, schizophrenic or anything else you want, and life is at stake, and the world is their target. Let them draw the knives then. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B0000524CY|4.0|The Exorcist is the scariest movie ever made, and with this DVD, you get to see 11 minutes of footage that was cut from the original. Most of it is just talking between the characters, except for the &quot;Spiderwalk&quot; scene and a scene where Regan is diagnosed for a nervous disorder. The picutre quality is superb, also. However, the only special features are a commentary track with the director, 2 theatrical trailers, 6 TV spots, and 2 radio spots. By buying this DVD, you lose the &quot;Fear of God&quot; documentary that is on the Special Edition DVD. It would have been easier if they had just combined the two...maybe a &quot;Special Special Edition&quot; or something to that effect.
630508999X|4.0|This second film by Wes Craven until this title goes even beyond the first one. Everything is MORE. More complicated, more intricate, more interlaced, more interwoven, more psychic, etc. And he starts with a discussion on the impact of violent films on young people and their supposed influence into making young people criminals. In fact the film is a marvelous demonstration that this is not possible, this is not valid, this is not acceptable. In this case the young man who starts a criminal career is manipulated by a mother, by a grown-up, by an adult. And it is when an adult is manipulating young people that real violence starts because it is a lot more elaborate, a lot more extreme, and it has a real motivation. It is not en entertaining adventure, or a freetime activity. It is a project with a goal and an objective, generally absolutely abject. In fact Wes Craven defends his own job and illustrates very well that young people are not criminal, except maybe when they are in a way or other rejected, but they are manipulated weapons in the hands of adults. It is symbolic of the fact that adult society creates criminal teenagers and young people. Wes Craven also defends the field of his activity, that is to say fantastic and horror multimedia literature. It is a symbolic way for young people to learn to know death without having to come across it in the extreme forms that we have known : the World Wars, the Shoah, colonial wars, and even today, though in a more limited way, post-colonial wars and ethnic conflicts. Young people need death to grow up, and literature, drama or the cinema give them this mediated experience that can enable them to cathartically mediate their own instincts. The Greek play in the film is there to show the eternity of this need. So, this second film is a thriller like the first one, but even more than the first one it is a mirror reflection of and on young people, the generation that is going to become of age in the first years of the twenty-first century. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.-first century. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie is just unbelievable. I remember watching it the weekend it came out on the bigscreen and i was astounished at what i have seen. Gladiator stars Russel Crowe who plays the role of Maximus. Gladiator is an epic that never dissapoints. With the score by good ole Hans, and Ridley Scott directs. Great Film. Highly enjoyable!
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|Ok well this is one dvd that everyone should have.  Scary Movie is, without a doubt, the funniest DVD of the year.  It combines humor from many movies and mixes them together.  There was only one scene which i did not find that funny and that was when Buffy (shannon Elizibeth) dies.  Its kind of stupid how they killed her but o well.  It has some great cut scenes that are funny, especially the clip with shorty and his &quot;movie&quot;.  If you have seen the cut scenes you know what im talking about.  overall a great movie.  My second favorite dvd behind GLADIATOR.
0385484518|1.0|I read this book at breakfast this morning and felt like I've been robbed.  What psychobabble!  Shame on Mitch Albom.  Can't believe this book got so many good reviews.  Are people who read this book and loved it lacking in these simple insights about life and death?  Haven't they ever read anything like this before?  Most women's magazines and Readers' Digest have articles or snippets about people like Morrie confronting death and offering newly found wisdom.  Mr. Albom should get back to covering sports.
B00004U8H4|4.0|This movie had a quite an impact on me.  This guy, Bateman, is an absolute perfectionist in everything he does, from taking a shower to committing murder.  Someone who kills just because another person has a better looking business card than you has issues. I found it disturbing, yet humorous.  I'd recommend it to anyone with an open mind about headcases.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Parody often fails - as a genre, there is often not really enough material to run the full length of a feature film.<br />So why does this one work so well?  Possibly because, although it is not the worlds most serious film ever, it is far more than just a Star Trek parody.  Whilst having a bit of a dig at the show and it's cliches, it does it with affection, and most importantly it does have a story to tell, albeit a rather unlikely one.<br />The cast are superb, led by the splendid Tim Allen, who sometimes actually looks and sounds so much like William Shatner you almost wish he could have a go at it for real.  Alan Rickman is also fantastic as the Shakespeare character actor who finds himself unable to work since his appearance on Galaxy Quest - but not to worry, because soon they are running a starship for real!<br />Highlights are scenes where the ship leaves the space station, (you just wish Sulu had made that mistake!), the moment when they realise they're under attack (&quot;There's a red thing moving toward the green thingy.  I think we're the green thingy!&quot;) and also fan who helps them out by knowing the specifications of the Protector better than the actors.  It's funny, it's stylish, it has great effects, and most of all, it has Sigourney Weaver running around in a shocking blonde wig.<br />The DVD extras are cool too - extra scenes, a featurette, and even the whole film dubbed into an alien language!<br />Buy this.  Buy this now.
6302732875|5.0|First place is a Caddilac, second place is a set of steak knives, third place is........you're fired. I absolutely love this movie for the unforgettable dialog and teriffic acting and yes, I am a salesman where the competetion is fierce. Always be closing. Who told you you could work with men? And one other thing, you never actually get to see &quot;Mitch and Murray&quot;. One day I am going to sit down and count how many times the word &quot;leads&quot; is actually used in this movie, I would bet its 200 or so. Sit donw some time and watch this gem of a film, you will either love it or hate it. There is no in-between.
B00004XONN|5.0|It is the best album of the year 2000. No doubt! Critics (newspapers, internet, television) and amateurs (reviews here or Rollingstone.com) all agree that this album is one or the best album! Trent Reznor (NIN) and U2 (my two favorite groups) calls it the best of the year. <br />You can not look for any singles on this album. You have to take this album as a whole. Few people do this anymore. I agree that this cd is quite different and that not everybody will like this but that what makes it special: the chance they took. National Anthem as the raw energy while Everything In It,s right Place makes you sing even if you don't  understand the words. How to Disapear Completly is one of the best slow songs around (my album's favorite). In general an album that you can imagine yourself in another world without taking any drugs.<br />I disagree with some that say Radiohead fans may not like this cd as much...Radiohead is a group that has used us with reinventing themselves and music and so that is why they love them.<br />Where are the 6 stars? :))
B0000025RI|3.0|.....by Santana's Supernatural album, proof that the man so many people have dubbed the king of pop wouldn't keep his throne for long.
B00001NFCY|2.0|When I bought Human Clay almost a year ago, I didn't listen to music very much and didn't know much about various bands and artists, let alone musical genres and categories.  When I first listened to the cd, I enjoyed it, but found it a little dull and dry after extended listening.<br />Since that time I've started listening to, reading about and buying all sorts of rock music thanks to Napster, the All Music Guide and MTVX (Wall-to-Wall Rock Videos).  I've purchased and downloaded everything from old Beatles album's to Nine Inch Nails stuff to punk rock to my personal favorite, 90's Alternative Rock and Grunge.<br />The other day I popped in my copy of Human Clay (which I haven't listened to while) and I've realized why everyone is always compairing them to a weak version of Pearl Jam.  Scott Stapp's voice is extremely similar to Eddie Vedder's, but his lyrics and the level of emotion he displays are definatly lacking the depth and power that I've come to love from my Pearl Jam cds.<br />In my opinion, Creed is a good band and will satisfy anyone looking for new grunge in a marketplaced filled with nothing but crap-metal and cheesy pop. However, if you've never listened to Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains or the Stone Temple Pilots, check them out before getting into Creed.
B00004ZDOQ|5.0|Now I know a lot of people think that music is horrible if it has the f-word in it, but that just is one little detail.  Limp Bizkit IS the complete band, especially with members like Fred Durst, Wes Borland, DJ Lethal, and others.  With the rhyming, harsh beats, and cool rhythms, this CD is perfect.  The remix of Rollin with Urban Assault Vehicle brings DMX and Method Man into the Limp Bizkit picture to make an awesome track.  In this CD, Limp Bizkit shows that they can keep on Rollin'.
0790749815|5.0|This is probably Hitchcock's best-loved film, so I won't waste time telling you how good it is.  You already know.  What is truly amazing is the loving care and attention that this over 40-year-old film received in its transfer to DVD.  The picture is amazing (I'm watching it on a 56&quot; widescreen rear-projection TV).  The colors are delicious -- just look at those spanking red seats in the taxi cab.<br />The sound is surprisingly good, too.  It's not harsh and strident like most old films are with the high fidelity that DVD offers.  Perhaps they took this into account when the remastered the sound.  Although they did localize some sound effects (a plane fly-over, an off-camera voice in an auction), they did it well so that the integrity of the original mono soundtrack is not made to sound unnaturally directional; in fact, most of the movie appears to retain its original mono characteristics.<br />There are a couple of places where there appears to be minor jumps, like they were missing a few frames from the original film.  The jumps are so minor that you're not really sure if it happened, and with a film this old, it's incredible just how good they got it to look.<br />The extras are wonderful, too, with an in-depth making-of feature (about 40 min. long, I think).<br />Absolutely recommended.
B000002UAF|4.0|I said that &quot;Revolver&quot; was the album with &quot;Norwegian Wood,&quot; &quot;Drive My Car&quot; and all those.  Of course it's actually &quot;Rubber Soul.&quot;  Darn those Beatles for starting both albums with the letter &quot;R.&quot;<br />Also, I made a mistake when I characterized the intro of &quot;And I Love Her&quot; as bass and percussion.  It's actually guitar and percussion.<br />Sorry!
B00000FZQ8|3.0|A friend of mine, Larry Whisenhunt, played one of the drones in the movie.<br />Unfortunately, Larry passed away of kidney cancer in 1989.<br />Apparently, the cast had a ball making the film judging by the stories Larry used to tell us.
B000053V7O|5.0|This touching and realistic movie is quietly dedicated to jazz pianist Bud Powell and saxophonnist Lester Young (both expatiriates who lived in Paris)  on whose life the character of &quot;Dale Turner,&quot; the saxophonist, is based. The character of Dale Turner, a jazzman in his last days, is played by Dexter Gordon, a jazzman soon to die of throat cancer. Dexter Gordon, a real-life expatriot jazzman who spent much of his playing years in Denmark, deservedly received an academy award nomination for his moving portrayal based on not only a real life story but people and settings with which he was personally familiar. In many ways it is the story of all three musicians, Gordon, Powell and Young. But even more it is based on a fine book on the life of Bud Powell by the young Frenchman who befriended him (which I cannot put my hands on right now). It's as close to truth as you can come. By the way, Dexter played Montreux the next year and while he sounds fragile in the film, he play with great strength.
B00000JPH4|3.0|A thousand years ago, at a conjunction of the three suns, a mystical relic shattered and two new races appeared - the withered, vulture-like Skeksis, and the wise, saurian Mystics. It has been prophecied that one of the Gelfling race shall destroy both by making the shattered relic whole once again, when the three suns joins once more. A thousand years pass. The conjunction is at hand. The ten remaining Skeksis send Garthim, their lumbering battle-droid-like minions to murder all Gelflings, so nothing will ever interrupt their reign of evil. The one remaining Gelfling, Gen, is sheltered by the Mystics, of whom also only ten remain. As the leader of the Mystics lies on his deathbed, he charges hapless Gen with the quest to &quot;heal the Crystal&quot;. Simultaneously, the Emperor of the Skeksis dies, resulting in a struggle for the throne in the face of impending fate...<br />Not counting the scenery, everything in Dark Crystal is superficial. The few characters in the film completely lack development, and plot is only skin-deep. And yet, as is the case with its kin, &quot;Labyrinth&quot;, sheer ambience carries the viewer and makes the film marginally entertaining. What separates &quot;Dark Crystal&quot; from &quot;Labyrinth&quot; is the almost complete lack of likeable characters, which is possibly linked with the lack of any human actors. Gen's face is oddly distorted, like a baboon's, and, sadly enough, the near total lack of personality (is whining a personality?) allows his outer appearance to dominate the character. The sets are wonderful: they are colorful, amazingly detailed, and everything is in constant motion. Exactly what we expect from Jim Henson Studios. But is that enough to make a film?
B000050XEI|5.0|This is an album which features the sound that only Enya can create.  The majestic rhythm and classic sound is what we have expected from Enya in the last two decades or so.  Though not within the top end of the chart, this music is still hugely popular and is clear to see.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Ok, i think we should give limp bizkit some slack. some of the reviews for this album are terrible, but really there isn't too much wrong with it. the first 10 tracks are brilliant, apart from Getcha Groove On, its kinda crap really, but the rest of them are good. boiler is a good song, and everything else is superb. i don't particulary like the outro, as it s just talking, and it really gets on your nerve. but seriously, give the band some slack. fred durst's rapping isnt really that bad, wes borland on the guitars is brilliant, and the drums, well they sepak for themselves. Buy it if ur a limp bizkit fan.
0789723107|5.0|If I were as articulate as Steve Krug, this review would require very little thought on your part, but would still deliver a thought-provoking message. I just finished reading this book and found it very informative, thought-provoking, and enjoyable. My head is full, but I don't feel the least worn out. I'm fired up and ready to go back and re-design the few websites I'm responsible for the right way. Thanks, Steve!
B000002UJQ|4.0|After hearing random snippets of this album around the time it came out, I remained intrigued by it on and off and eventually got around to buying it (now). Expecting something really weird and challenging, I got something addictive, sonically adventurous, extremely well-conceived, and really quite easy to like. This music has a penetrating, almost terrifying beauty that nothing else I've heard compares to.<br /> So 170 some-odd years after the Industrial Revolution, it still doesn't all quite sit right, does it? &quot;Airbag&quot; encapsulates the idea perfectly, with Thom singing about a perverse sense of being &quot;born again&quot; after being saved by a car's airbag: something mass-produced as if to serve mass-produced people, all cogs in the same big machine. Somewhere in there is human life, but the irony is, in context it seems almost irrelevant! Also quite striking and in the same vein is the image on the cover of a sign reading &quot;Lost Child&quot; with a stick-figure-type silhouette of a child with one hand to its eyes, presumably crying. Once again, bare human experience and emotion reduced to assembly-line signography, all lowest-common-denominator mass communication. If you don't think alienation is real, indeed, inherent in modern life, think again. Or, rather, take a listen.
0525945636|2.0|I have read several of Ken Follett's books and I can't believe the horrible names he gives to women Elspeth? what is that.  This is not England so one is named Elspeth in the U.S. not even in the 40's or 50's.  All his perfect people were very predictable.
B00004XONN|4.0|My first exposure to this album was its review in the campus newspaper at the University of Texas. It gave it four and a half stars out of five, and a review which, summed up in one word, seemed to say &quot;unlistenable.&quot; The Saturday Night Live performance of &quot;The National Anthem&quot; and &quot;Idioteque&quot; piqued my interest. Intrigued, I figured the whole thing would be a worthwhile, adventurous listen, at least. I got it a few days after receiving _OK Computer_ for Christmas, and am quite struck by the similarities between the two.<br /> For starters, both _Kid A_ and its predecessor seem to have a reputation of being challenging and un-radiofriendly (the latter which they are), and yet sound to me simply fresh and natural. They both have the same penetrating, almost terrifying beauty (which I already mentioned by name in my review of the other; please excuse the self-plagiarism) which makes them so unique (except of course to each other). What makes the similarities so interesting is how different they are in instrumentation, yet the style and artistic sensibilities are still familiar. Both albums lash out against the insidious alienation in our technocratic, televised, digitized society (he said, typing on his computer at home), but find a very individual kind of beauty in expressing such helplessness. Hope shines quite clearly at the center of it.<br />_Kid A_ is invigorating and stimulating listening because it embodies so many characteristics: orchestral, minimalistic, lush, harsh, melodic, atonal... quite an achievement, and I can tell it's going to get quite a few spins for some time to come. As to its style, many people seem to feel an insatiable desire to categorize and pigeonhole, and those people tend not to understand it. Kind of poetic how that works, don't you think? I don't want to dignify arbitrary color-by-numbers &quot;thinking&quot; with a response except to say, just listen. It's plenty good on its own terms.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is one of the best movies for the type.  It stands with &quot;Brave Heart&quot; in detail and realism.  The story is an old one but enjoyable all the same.<br />The transfer is above average, mine ahs one small &quot;blip&quot;.  The additional materials are excellent.<br />Buy it. Sit back, relax, turn off your mind and enjoy!
B000002LGW|4.0|When I was in junior high school, about the time this came out, Depeche Mode were *the* thing. Recently I fished this out of the darkest recesses of my closet and put it on for the first time in I don't know how many years. How interesting to hear the same music with very different ears!<br />When I was about 15 I came to develop a bias in favor of guitar-based music and against electronic music, so DM fell out of favor in my pantheon for quite some time, but rediscovering them now is quite a trip. Listening to Alan Wilder's beautiful orchestrations and countermelodies (&quot;Shake The Disease&quot;, &quot;Blasphemous Rumours&quot;, etc.) really makes me realize the possibilities inherent in keyboard-based music, which I never noticed way back in the day. The music is great, no doubts there. The 101 film (out of print), which I recently found on e-bay, is terrific too, although I'm a bit preoccupied with the fact that Andy Fletcher doesn't DO ANYTHING! Dave Gahan's stage act (&quot;Alright! Hey! Ohhhhh!! I wanna hear everybody sing it!&quot;) seems somewhat overwrought to those of us into introverted indie-rock these days, so it seems funny now. Martin Gore's (who DM fans revere as a &quot;poet&quot;) lyrics tend to be strikingly honest and direct, with a distinct touch of that certain adolescent, vaguely petty angst. What teenager entangled in the social web of his peers wouldn't relate to a song like &quot;The Things You Said&quot;? Depeche Mode's songs have a knack of being irresistibly melodic, true-to-life, and tenderly vulnerable. Put all these together, and you can begin to understand the rabid fanaticism which they inspired in so many people during this heyday in their career. It's documented on every second of this live album, and it's fun to share in it vicariously.
B00004RITP|5.0|For anyone who purports to be a true Mahlerian - those whose passion dwells in the spectrum of Mahler's thoughts, obsession with folksongs, world angst, the fear and struggle of facing death, the finding of faith in the presence of nihilistic adversity, the willingness to submit to the flights of fantasy and climax ad infinitum - this new recording of Mahler's uncompleted last symphony is a haven.  Rattle and the Berlin Philharmonic and the engineers responsible for this incredibly gorgeous recording have set a standard by which all other recordings must be compared.  From the opening Adagio which we all know as standard repertoire to the fully realized Cooke Version of the other movements,  Rattle seamlessly reveals what surely Mahler would have wanted to say had he completed this symphony before his death.  This recording must now make a firm case for #10 to be judged among the more important works of Gustav Mahler - Das Lied von die Erde, Symphony #9, Ruckert Lieder, Songs of a Wayfayer, etc.  Breathtakingly beautiful, this is a staggering achievement - from everyone involved and from every vantage.
0792156684|5.0|I think all the people bashing this movie are simply reacting to all the hype. Yes, hype can be a bad thing for a movie. It can raise expectations to ridiculous levels. Fact is, this is the greatest movie ever made. It can't be denied. If it wasn't, it wouldn't have made over 2 billion dollars world wide. Nobody can argue that the hype made the movie that much money. That is BS. Other movies were hyped much more, and didn't make anywhere near that much. In fact, most &quot;successful&quot; movies gross around 200 million, this grossed 10 times that amount! People around the world were captivated by it. People in Europe and in Japan waited hours in line to see it! A bad movie, even an average movie, does not make this happen! Everyone who hates Titanic and gives it 1 star simply is doing so because they don't want to be &quot;jumping the bandwagon&quot;. Well let me tell you, I am NOT the type of person who goes with the crowd. Many successful movies like &quot;Independence Day&quot; and &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; I thought were crap. I went into Titanic expecting to see something &quot;decent&quot;. I left the theater quite literally sweating in my clothes, amazed that a movie, ANY movie, could make me feel the way Titanic did.  I was quite literally disturbed for weeks. Nevermind the acting and the dialogue and the SFX. James Cameron has done something incredible. He has gone far BEYOND the conventions of story-telling to create a piece of art, a universal expression of human nature. It has nothing to do with the ship, or the love story, or the history. Titanic is about life and death itself and all its complexity. Notice how as the ship is sinking, how some people react with dignity and courage, some helping people get into the boats, sacrificing themselves, while others cheat and lie and push to save their own hides. Notice how the people cling to the priest reading the Bible as if he could save them. Notice how death comes to everybody in a big, black, silent ocean. It's awfully creepy and terrifying. And yet, through the story of love, people survive. And in death, Rose finds that the afterlife is a reflection of &quot;this life&quot;. Titanic is a much deeper and complex tale then most viewers realize. Those who don't get it need to see it again and really THINK about it. Of course the music and the cinematography really serve to drive this home. Why did people round the world flock to see Titanic? Because Titanic is a microcosm, a &quot;little Earth&quot; expressing all our fears, hopes, dreams, reasserting what Shakespeare long argued in his sonnets, that LOVE CONQUERS DEATH.
B00004Z459|4.0|Linkin Park are one of those bands who I never thought I'd like.  I'm not anti-nu-metal.  I'm not pro-nu-metal either, but I am anti towards any band who I feel has been thrust out by a record label to be the next number one.  I am anti boy bands with guitars.<br />I had assumed Linkin park to be another crappy Papa Roach clone, and didn't look into them until I heard the rumours of them touring Europe with the Deftones and Fear Factory.  When I did, read some interviews done with the guys I began to realise that they are something more.<br />I grabbed the CD and was surprised with it.  It reminds me a lot of a sort of mix between Limp Bizkit and 311, just without 311's ska and reggae influences and losing the &quot;in your face jock-rock ego&quot; of Limp Bizkit.  The two singers - or rather, singer and rapper - combine well, and the background programming could almost be mistaken for similar styles on Antichrist Superstar on several songs.<br />All in all, it's a good CD.  Try as I might, bands like this still catch me out - We should all be careful who we brand as sell-outs.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|punk? hardcore? emo? screamo? what?!? I finally have the answer, it is simple, it is AT THE DRIVE-IN! The most exciting, amazing, raw and original sound that has ever been heard...ever! Relationship of Command is a 50 minute bible of philosophical parables that takes the listener to each extreme of the music spectrum. Songs like Arcarsenal, Pattern Against User, One Armed Scissor, Sleepwalk Capsules, Invalid Litter Dept., Mannequin Republic, Enfilade, Rolodex Propaganda, Quarantined, Cosmonaut, Non-Zero Possibility, Catacombs...oops I have named them all, anyway all 12! yes there is twelve are classics. Arcarsenal is a perfect opener, which throws the listener straight in at the deep end, (which is a good thing) the line 'because i'd really like to meet him' makes you want to jump from resting place and start writing lyrics yourself. Pattern Against User a 'timeless' classic which has the dynamics of a conductor fronted orchestra. While One Armed Scissor is a masterpiece with melodies as beautiful as Cedric's hair oh yeah Cedric's the looney who throws himself about schreeching like a rabbit on amphetamines with a probe up its arse (the vocalist). The amazing Sleepwalk Capsules has a hidden elegance which I still can't understand. Enfilade is phenomenal and captures the tension of being tied to a railtrack with a very large cargo train coming towards your head. Quarantined is first class with the orgasmic line of 'feeding frenzy it's contagious'. When you thought it couldn't get any better this track of perplexity is followed by the bewildering Cosmonaut! which pulls you out of your chair and flings you around the room at 1000 miles per second without you even realizing. At the drive-in are the best thing since dare I say it, no not Nirvana, SLICED BREAD! <br />If you have this album treasure it, if you don't BUY IT, or steal it or copy it off a mate, or download it, just get somehow, anyhow, you have to have this album or you might die!
0380973839|5.0|This book got me hooked onto Ray Bradbury for good.  I usually dislike short stories,but the way Bradbury comes up with an original concept for each story and manages to tie them all together just amazes me. Since reading this, I've acquired all his other books and devoured them, but in my opinion this is his best. When I finished this book, I was extremely disapointed- I wished I hadn't read it so that I could pick it up and read it for the first time. This is a must read- trust me, you won't regret it!
0812589041|4.0|I don't normally read sci-fi (although I do watch it:) and I found this book to be more of an advanced read than I expected of a Sci-fi.  Also, it is more captivating than Card's &quot;Lost Boys&quot; which I read about a year ago and found a bit simplistic. What was most interesting about this to me was the psychology of the book.  The development of the prodigy, the training and techniquest that were used to challenge him to be what they wanted him to be, the character's perception of that &quot;manipulation&quot;... It was great!  If you liked Starship Troopers you'll like this book as there were some similar themes between that movie and this book: psychology, preception, propaganda/training, invading space bugs... All in all, I found it to be an entertaining book that had deeper meaning.  I hope to whiz right through the series!
6305776326|1.0|You'll want to turn this movie off after ten minutes.  It's pure garbage.  It's never funny and just so stupid you feel like a dumber person for watching it.  Just like the failing seasons of Saturday Night Live, you should avoid it at all costs.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|Again, another Beatles album after the 3 anthology albums, countless compilation albums and all the original albums by the Beatles. This album shows money is the ONLY love in rock and roll.<br />The Beatles were alright, i'm not saying that they are the best. I'm from Memphis the home of the real KING, B.B. King and that other guy, the home of Sun Studios where Elvis, Jerry Lee Lewis, Roy Orbinson, Johnny Cash, and others got started, the home of Stax Records where Issac Hayes got big, and quite a whole slew of other greats who i forgot. I am constanly surrounded by reminders of Memphis's rich history in American music.<br />The Beatles are a good band, one of the best. They had a love of music back in the day. That day has long since gone. This album shows they had the love when it was there, but now the Beatles are another music juggernaut that just wants more money, like Kiss, Pink Floyd (after Roger Waters left), Metallica, The Beach Boys, etc. The Beatles are forever enshrined in music history. Let the music speak for itself without trying to get some more money out of the past.
