B000EULJLU|2.0|I had high hopes for this album. After bathing in the single greatest work of art in the history of man, Lateralus, it seemed there was nowhere else for Tool to go but down, or maybe sideways. Unfortunately it was the former. The immense, spine-chilling power of Lateralus (and some of the better parts of Aenima) are completely absent. The lyrics that could bring tears to any eyes have vanished without a trace. The incredible musical depth that boggles our minds and inspired professional orchestral arrangements is totally gone.    What we're left with is:  - Instrumentation that is talented, but not inspired.  - Lyrics that are vague, forced, hard to identify with, and some just downright silly (and not in a good, Weird Al way).  - Filler that seemingly serves no purpose. This as opposed to previous albums, Lateralus in particular, where the brief instrumental tracks gave us time to reflect on the previous song, to put us in the right mental \\"place\\" to appreciate the next song, or just to manipulate the pacing.     This is easily Tool's worst album since Opiate, and that's coming from a die-hard Tool fan.
B001V9LPWQ|5.0|Okay, that may be dramatic, but drama is what Snow White is all about. The Diamond Edition of this Disney classic is simply wonderful. Say what you want about Disney adaptations of fairy tales from around the world, but this one was done right. You should all know the story by now, but seeing in it's fully restored and hi-def brilliance is like seeing it for the first time. Colors are saturated beautifully, animation is smooth and detailed (as it could be for the time) and the soundtrack is a joy to listen to. It is great that they include a DVD edition with the Blu-Ray, and there are some features on it, but most of the action is on the Blu-ray.  Extras abound and give you hours of viewing pleasure long after the movie has ended. The magic mirror feature is favorite, so eerie! So I can only assume the DVD is intended to be used in portable players where a Blu-ray may not work.<br /><br />If you are a fan of classic Disney animated movies, then this is a must have for your collection. Lovers of a good movie and it's historical perspective will find a lot to capture their interest as well. Every time my kids watch Snow White, I find myself getting swept up in it too. Highly recommended!
B0014WSX2K|4.0|I have this set.  These recordings are frome John Coltrane's Prestige years which do not represent his innovative years or his most adventurous years, but a lot of it is still some of his best work.  All of Coltrane from the mid-1950's to late 1950's is a joy to listen to.  Some of it is my favorite Coltrane-so pure and so beautiful.    The \\"but\\" comes from the fact that there is no documentation.  A friend of mine has mentioned to me that the detailed booklets with photos are the most expensive part of these types of sets.  Printing costs are exorbitant.    I would rather spend the extra to get the sound recordings from the original tape source material and get the documentation that identifies all of the musicians and anecdotal information.    The sound quality of these recordings in this set is very good.  I had the lp's from approximately 30-40 years ago.  They sounded great so that even if the producer of this set used old lp's, the sound ought to be good--- and it is.    For the budget minded buyer who cannot or simply does not want to spring for the set from Prestige or OJC (depending on the packaging) can rest assured that this set is a very good deal.  So many of these very cheap reissues (particularly of very early recordings, e.g. 1930's and 1940's) put the music through computerized filtering software that eliminates significant elements of the sound.  You get rid of pops and clicks, but lose the crisp sound of the cymbals or the music sounds \\"tubby\\".  That is not the case with this set.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|It is mt habit to give a CD 'Favorite CD off The Year'Award--2009's winner is the Fleet Foxes--I know their two CDs came out in 08, but I was not introduced to them until early 09, thanks to the magic of satellite radio. In what has been a difficult year, the Foxes have provided some much needed moments of beauty and grace. Always a fan of harmony from the Beatles and Beachboys era, these guys caught my ear immediately. The arrangements are right on,lyrics are oddly right (as with a good poem, there are still questions at the end of the songs)and, as i said, the harmonies are fun to try to sing along to. Foxes! Thank you. A real pleasure.
0061735817|5.0|This book was written before either Neil Gaiman or Terry Pratchett were well known authors.  Any tail that has the Four Motorcycle Riders of the Apocalypse must be funny.  This book is.  It is also well read, with just the right tone.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|A MUST SEE for ALL - Highly Recommend it!!  Get a lot of them - spread the word
B000QQH4YS|5.0|This movie is an action packed adventure! Weller is amazing in it and the trio of villians make the movie entertaining the whole way through!
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|***This is a review of the Movie as stated above. NOT of any DVD sets***    Let me first say....I'm a child of two worlds myself. Though I'm in my 20's I grew up on old Star Trek episodes, black and white movies, and Ella Fitzgerald.    When I first saw the trailers I expected to be disappointed. That the \\"Tweens\\" had gotten to my Star Trek, but I was so wrong.  J.J brought everything I loved about the whole series back to life.  No...let me rephrase....he took what I loved about the show, then took all the great modern tricks of movie making today, had them make a baby, and we got to see that baby born!!    This movie is very fast paced. Very heavy on action but well balanced with emotional depth and humor. All the same beloved charters are there (some shrinkingly so like Karl Urban who seemed to be possessed by the spirit of Bones), but you understand them better by learning about how they became who they are.  The world that was defined by the show and further defined by its predecessors is still there, just more expansive and made to feel more real by finally showing us future \\"Star Trek\\" Earth as apposed to back in time 1980's earth. Sometimes with Star Trek you forget that this is all taking place in our universe, because of the submarine-like quality of the stories. This movie helps connect us to the Earth that Kirk grows up on.  But what makes this film isn't just the incredible actors, or the beautiful photography, its the story.    J.J somehow found a way of re-telling the story of James T. Kirk's USS Enterprise without erasing what came before, the adventures that made us all love Star Trek to begin with (a trick I didn't think could be done at all let alone so well). Without giving to much away, he created a completely new story that is interwoven seamlessly with the old show.    I don't understand people who watched the show but don't like any change to the series. Gene Roddenberry's Star Trek was all about change. His Star Trek helped show us a futureworld of tolerance in a time of continued intolerance. He created a world of change and helped us to understand what it means to be human, yet some fans don't want the show to change and evolve the way any natural living thing is supposed to. Gene didn't create a world of conformity, yet it seems that is all some fans want.    Bottom line: This movie isn't gonna be a academy award winner but it is enjoyable to watch.  Don't judge it before you see it. Keep an open mind and you wont be disappointed. If this is the future of Star Trek, may it live long and prosper (I know... corny...lol).
B002LS4M9E|5.0|There are a few styles on this CD which keeps it from boring me. The other day played it for my 63 year old father who is very skeptical of \\"blue eyed soul\\". He loved it!
B0024RIMBG|5.0|Since he was 14 months old, my baby is absolutely entranced whenever he watches this Celtic Woman concert, although he is still not interested in dvds for small kids (like Pocoyo, In the Night Garden, etc).    His favorites are Chloe and Hayley: when they are on screen, he lays his head on my lap and can't stop smiling. We watch the concert quite often because he likes it so much, and I don't get tired of it either.
0385504225|5.0|I am still only halfway through but it is a rivetting book which keeps my interest at every page, and which as a Mason I even more fascinating.  Thank you Dan Brown.
0312370849|3.0|This is not a perfect book, but I enjoyed reading it.  The parallel stories of Sarah, taken away by the Nazis carrying the key to the cupboard where her little brother is hiding, and Julia, an American journalist living in Paris, are very compelling throughout the first half to two-thirds of the book.  I loved learning the history of the Vel d'Hiv and I loved the sense of the two different voices intertwining to reveal both the history of roundup and deportation of the French Jews and of their own separate, but interconnected stories.<br /><br />Where things got dicey for me was in the last part of the book where the voice of Sarah drops out completely and Julia, her pregnancy, and her marriage problems take over.  I just didn't care much about whether or not she should stay with her philandering French husband and the implied potential love story between Julia and Sarah's son was just too pat for me.<br /><br />Still, read this book for the first wonderful bit and read it to learn some history you didn't know and read it for a little tragedy and a little bit of hope in a dark and scary time we should never forget.  You won't be sorry you did.
B0025KVLV0|5.0|Let It Be remains one of my favorite Beatles record and I am enjoying this version, it sounds wonderful.  As others have noted, there is alot of a back story to Let It Be and how it came aboout.  While some criticize it for those reasons, the tracks Let It Be and The Long And Winding Road (among others) show the ban was still great.    I will probably get couple of other remasters at some point.
B0009NSE2E|4.0|one of my favorite movies. seller & amazon are great; especially if you keep great sellers on your fav's.
B00005JMCT|4.0|It's good, but it's missing some essence from the first two such as school (high school, college environments). It's also missing a character: CasaNova. But it's a definite must-see film.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I have read several reviews of this album and I'm not sure what they were listening to but their negative reviews (especially People Magazine's) were so off base that it is pathetic.   Obviously the sales of this album put those reviewers to shame.  This is a much better album than I expected and that is saying something because I already liked Susan Boyle and expected a great album.   Most of my pleasurable surprise came from the versatility of Susan's repertoire.....especially the gospel oriented pieces.   There isn't a song on the album that I don't like and that is saying alot since I rarely like every selection on any album.  If you enjoy Celine Dion and Barbra Streisand you'll love this CD.   I can't wait for her second album!!
1573300403|5.0|Well, it's a no brainer to have all the MJ videos.  You either loved his music, his dance, or both so this is a must have!
B0026P3G12|5.0|I was given this cd a almost a week ago, it was supposed to be a christmas  present, but my daughter couldn't wait because she knew how much i wanted it.I can truefully say, that this cd is one of the best i have heard in a long time. every song on it was done with grace, style and elegance.I could listen to it forever.Susan is a very refreshing and unique talent, to say the least.    GOD CERTAINLY BLESSED HER WITH A GIFT.     WHAT A WONDERFUL CHANGE FROM WHAT IS PUT OUT THERE TODAY.    CAROLYN BURTON
B002NOAF9W|2.0|ABKCO stands for Alan B. Klein CO. 'Nuff said. This was his last effort to gouge the public before his big journey south. All the way down. No doubt Ron Decline and his tag team partner, Col. Parker are presently ripping off the Devil. (That's why the Stones have Sympathy For The Devil.) Borrow a copy of this thing, burn on a 10 cent blank disc the third CD (the new disc 1) with I&T T and BB, then combine discs 1 and 2 in the proper song order, (the new disc 2) and enjoy. I hope Taylor gets some cash from this mess, anyway.
1416955070|2.0|I like the idea of the Shadowhunters and the story of a world of action, evil, and heroism just under the average person's nose. And I liked the witty dialog and (mostly) subtle humor. What I didn't like was all the explanations and direct to-the-point prose that seemed to go on and on and on. I can't get into stories that have no rhyme or reason, but let's get to the good stuff, people!     Some of the readers who posted here liked the \\"romance.\\" I don't get that. No real romance, and what there was felt tacked on to attract readers who like that sort of thing. It had a will-they-won't-they feel that really seemed like the author wasn't sure where any of it was going, so left it to readers to fill in the blanks. But the funny parts and promise-of-action (not as much action as I expected) keep me reading.     Interesting, but there are MUCH better books and stories out there. I'm a little baffled by all the attention this book is getting.
141690977X|3.0|I've personally never been much for self-help books, or anything that attempts to tell me how to live my life; I like making and learning from my own mistakes, but hey.<br /><br />He's Just Not That Into You:The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys can be an entertaining, quick read that(if nothing else) is an empowering and confidence building exercise for any woman.<br /><br />For all the times you've been dumped, led-on and heartbroken, He's Just Not That Into You gives you the ability to see from your past relationships through example, to the real problem that kept things from propelling to utter happiness. Your inability to see their real lack of attachment to you (and yes, it is all that painfully straight forward.)<br /><br />No, I wouldn't suggest living your life so strictly by the book, but it is good to take as much pride in yourself and your worth as this book so lovingly suggests.<br /><br />Not to mention, I am relatively sure that a tub of your favorite Ben & Jerry's ice cream and this book would be the perfect break-up gift for any sad girlfriend in need of a pick-me-up.
B000B5XOYI|5.0|If your a Batman fan, then this is a great set for you to own. The old Batman dvds did have a good picture and sound; However, I notice alot of my old snapcase dvds have amazing sound and picture but I digress. This dvds might be a step down in terms of picture quailty, which might shock alot of people but it's true. The bonus dvds are all set up the same-music videos, heros and villians of the films, a making of feature, and a little history of Batman. They are all very well done.    Batman (1989): This film is an all time classic. Tim Burton does a great job directing, Jack Nicholson is awesome as The Joker, and the film is very enjoyable.    Batman Returns: It has some good parts but I hate The Penguin as a villian. Never liked this movie but rewatching it again soon.    Batman Forever: Joel Schumacher replaces Burton as director and Robin makes his debut. Jim Carrey as The Riddler and Tommy Lee Jones as Two-Face are good villians but they over do it. I don't really have a problem with this movie and enjoyed it overall.    Batman and Robin: People and critics hate this movie. The Dark Knight returns to his 60's roots as this movie is full of color rather then being dark and the dialouge is bad. I'm surprised they dont put wham! bam! during fight scenes. Clooney makes a weird choice for Batman but I love Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr. Freeze. I love Arnie in 80's action fare and this movie was no different. I enjoyed this movie and I don't consider it a bomb like everyone else.    This is a very good set. I remember it use to be 80+ dollars but I found it for 16 bucks, brand new. A must for Batman lovers, even if you own the orignal dvds.
B000YXMMAE|1.0|Wonderful music as always from Radiohead but the package it came in was terrible. The cheep paper tab ripped on the first opening. Once opened the contents are free to roll under your car seat or couch. This is I think the worst packaged CD I have ever seen.
B00007J5VN|3.0|First off, the film version of \\"Sweet Charity\\" is, in no way, an essential video. It does preserve Bob Fosse's marvelous choreography from his original stage direction, including \\"Big Spender\\", which, on film, looks like an obvious template for many of the cabaret sequences in \\"Cabaret\\". Unfortunately, Fosse went a little nuts trying to pull out all the stops in his first filmic shot. What on stage was incredibly inventive and pioneering, appears merely overblown in the translation to film. Shirley MacLaine is fine, but she doesn't quite match the pizzazz that Gwen Verdon brought to the role. She was absolutely unique in the history of Broadway, a gifted comedienne, an adequate singer, and, possibly the best dancer ever to trod those Broadway boards. Mr. Fine, in his Amazon review, confuses Charity with her Fellini model Cabiria, who was, in fact, a prostitute with a heart of gold. Fosse chose to reinvent her as a dime-a-dance hostess, not because of any production code concerns, but because this better suited his conception. Charity, while offering her favors liberally to a plethora of loutish boyfriends, did not, and would never have turned tricks. Worth seeing and hearing, especially for the great Cy Coleman-Dorothy Fields score, but far from what it should have been. Try picking up the terrific Columbia cast album, and using your imagination. Fosse, of course, would do infinitely better in his next go behind the camera, \\"Cabaret\\".
0812550706|5.0|As thousands of reviews have correctly attested here, this was a superb novel: in its plot, its characters, its writing.    I thought I'd focus this review therefore on how the book seems different now compared to when it was read after its first publication in 1985 (the short story which it expanded being published 8 years prior).    From a technological point of view, many of the predictions are not that far off. People do carry around \\"desks\\" with them, although nowadays they're more likely to be laptops, tablets or smartphones. People do have complex video games in which they're immersed. The border between simulation and reality goes get fuzzier and fuzzier. In fact, it may be difficult for a modern reader to understand that the net-centric politics and computer-based learning and gaming described by Card was all yet to be invented when he wrote the novel. The kind of virtual reality even of the mind game was in the future.    The psychological and sociological milieu of the novel was predicted less accurately. True, partly the novel can be read as a utopian wish fulfillment fantasy. For children, the idea that their video games and squabbles are watched and analyzed with great care by senior military officers because the fate of humanity depends on their resolution must have been appealing. For bright people, the idea of a meritocratic society in which test scores and performance are used to select for command must have been attractive. For authors, like Card, the idea that Peter and Valentine could sway public opinion by dint of their writing ability must have seemed completely natural.    As time passes, though, we see that however reasonable these daydreams seemed at the time, they're utterly and equally unrealistic. The squabbles of children are utterly uninteresting to adults and utterly unimportant. Nobody is going to select commanders or anything else based on super-high test scores - connections are what's crucial in the selection of people, not test scores. Good writers have no effect whatsoever on public opinion, particularly on the net. Indeed, writing generally has fallen into desuetude - just compare the rich vocabulary and occasionally ornate sentences in parts of Ender's Game - for example, the pastoral descriptions of Ender's lake or the landscape where he located the queen's cocoon - with the simplistic style and syntax of contemporary authors (including Card for that matter).    Parts of the writing do not hold up well, although of course overall the book's prose is much more sophisticated and interesting than modern authors'. The slang - \\"neh\\" and \\"eh\\" - is laughable. Some of the epithets would be considered inappropriate and offensive now. The odd syntax in parts of the dialog (as in Moon is a Harsh Mistress) can get annoying.     So the book's vision never came to pass, not in the wider culture nor even in Card's own increasingly bland and uninteresting novels. But while it lasted, it was mesmerizing.
B000002P86|5.0|I owned this CD previously and my dog ate it. It was so good I had to buy it again. The wife and I both like this one. Very smooth!
B0002Z0EYK|5.0|I loved this movie when it was in the theaters and purchased the DVD when first came out. I would suggest that any considering buying this should actually buy the \\"Director's cut\\", which is 30 minutes longer and provides a little more context. I think it would be great in either the regular DVD or Blue Ray version (depends on your player of course).    The original plot/story is well known, and people have described it in detail here so I won't repeat it all. It's a highly entertaining movie, women - and men - can marvel at Brad Pitt's portrayal of Achilles and his athleticism displayed in the battle scenes (Achilles vs Hector especially), and if you'll forgive a few Hollywood changes to what we believe \\"really happened\\" according to Homer's Iliad, you'll really enjoy watching this movie.    In short, it's fun, it's entertaining, visually beautiful, and highly recommended.
B002ECJZ76|5.0|This is a fantastic movie!! One of the best \\"new\\" holiday movies in years!!! BUY IT!!!
B001AVCFK6|5.0|I appreciate the Star Trek canon more than I love the Star Trek canon.  But I LOVE this movie, and it recasts the rest of the series and films in a new light for me.  The genius of this movie is that it appears to have been created by people who have a passion for film AND a passion for Star Trek. I'm not sure if I had a better time all year seeing a movie than I did here. Thrills, humor, sci-fi, literate dialogue, entrancing visuals...it's got it all. Take the innocent, cerebral fun of the original Star Trek series, mix well with the swashbuckling, warm-hearted fun of the original \\"Star Wars\\" films, add a bit of the grittiness of the latter \\"Battlestar Galactica\\" TV series, and then finish off with J.J. Abrams' patented, contemporary witty style, and you've got pure cinematic magic.  This \\"reboot\\", or better yet, this \\"origin\\" story of Star Trek focuses on Kirk and Spock, their backstories and how they came to become essentially inseparable.  The cast is fantastic...I felt like this was an ensemble that just gelled. We will be lucky if we can  keep them together for another film or two, or four, or twelve.  The film begs for multiple viewings, for several reasons. The plot is not overstuffed, but intricate. The action scenes are terrific. The dialogue is quote-worthy. And if I'm being completely honest, Uhura is freakin' hot. Man oh man.  The Blu-Ray looks awesome. The sound is its' equal. The extras are great as well, yet I concur with other who are frustrated by the \\"breaking up\\" of the featurettes into a dozen or more chunks, each with a time-wasting copyright screen, and many with \\"branching pods\\". It nearly doubles the time to watch these by having to go back to the menu screens and punch \\"enter\\" over and over again. Isn't that what 'chapters\\" are for?  I felt two things at the end of the movie that revealed (to me) how much I loved it. One, it felt too short; I didn't want it to end. Two, I want to go back and watch all three seasons and all the films now......I wonder when I'll have a casual 84 hours free?
1857151720|5.0|Evelyn Waugh's BRIDESHEAD REVISITED is a flawed masterpiece.  It is his only major novel that is not fundamentally a comic novel, as well as his most clearly religious one.  In the opinion of many readers - for instance, the great British novelist Henry Green wrote his friend Waugh that he loved the book but did not care for the ending.  Famed critic Edmund Wilson felt the same way, as have many, many readers.  Charles Ryder's conversion and the not terribly breakup of his and Julia's engagement are not very compelling or convincing.  First his intense hostility to Lord Marchmain's taking Last Rites seems to come out of nowhere - at least in its strength and intensity - and then his conversion is even more out of the blue.  Waugh had intended the novel to be about Divine Grace, but most readers, including most Christians, find the religious aspects of the book off putting, not least because his theology is unpalatable.  Most Catholics that I have talked to find his religious views harsh and un-Christian and Protestants care for them even less.  This was my third time to read BRIDESHEAD REVISITED and all three times the ending of the book struck me as hollow and unconvincing.<br /><br />Yet, this is one of my favorite books.  How can I love a book so deeply that ends so poorly?  There are three reasons.  First, Charles Ryder's narrative voice is one of the most splendid in all of literature.  His world-weary and defeated telling of the tale is poetic and beautiful, though heartbreaking and unspeakably sad.  I would place Charles among the four or five most haunting narrators in all of literature.  Second, Waugh's dialogues are exceptionally fine.  On a first reading there are dozens of conversations that stick with the reader and get replayed in one's mind over and over.  The best in the book are actually not dialogues but monologues by Anthony Blunt, one of the most entrancing supporting characters in fiction.  Third, Waugh has created in this book some of the most vividly conceived characters in English literature.  All three of these factors merge to create many of the most perfect moments one could hope to experience.<br /><br />All of which makes the ending of the novel even more heartbreaking.  As a Catholic convert Waugh wanted to write the Great Catholic Novel for his age.  I don't think he succeeded.  He made nothing even remotely resembling a case for Catholic belief.  Waugh's God - or at least the God projected by the Brideshead set - is hard and implacable and unyielding.  But Waugh did manage to created an unforgettable novel of frustrated dreams of youth and self-destruction.  Oddly enough, despite the novel beings set among the last days of the English aristocracy and its supplanting by business tycoons - though both feature in the novel as background - it isn't too much about changing class in Britain.  But focusing on those elements would have made the book about something other than it was.  It was about the individuals belonging to the class rather than the class itself, though the knowledge of what was happening to the class lies like a shadow in the background.<br /><br />The book is also structured around the two romances that Charles has with two members of the Flyte family.  It isn't made clear whether Sebastian and Charles have a physical relationship, but their friendship, even if platonic, is clearly romantic.  In one way Charles's affair with Julia is merely the consummation of what had started with Sebastian, something that Charles says explicitly to Julia.<br /><br />Had the ending of this book been up to the level of the rest of the book, this might well have been one of the finest English novels ever written.  Even as it is, it is a very fine book.  I don't think it is Waugh's best novel, even though it contains some of the best things he ever wrote (my vote for his most perfect books would be the Sword of Honour Trilogy, SCOOP, and A HANDFUL OF DUST).  And the novel is one of the reasons that Waugh is among my favorite writers.  I look forward to reading it for a fourth time.<br /><br />I additionally strongly recommend the exceptionally find BBC miniseries based upon the novel, starring Jeremy Irons as Charles Ryder and Anthony Andrews as Sebastian and Laurence Olivier as Lord Marchmain.  I honestly believe that it is the single finest production ever made for television and it is pretty much a scene for scene recreation of the novel.  It is also the finest version of a novel that I believe has ever been done either for television or film.iters.  I look forward to reading it for a fourth time.    I additionally strongly recommend the exceptionally find BBC miniseries based upon the novel, starring Jeremy Irons as Charles Ryder and Anthony Andrews as Sebastian and Laurence Olivier as Lord Marchmain.  I honestly believe that it is the single finest production ever made for television and it is pretty much a scene for scene recreation of the novel.  It is also the finest version of a novel that I believe has ever been done either for television or film.
B002U0KHMY|4.0|Is this series as good as the movie which obviously inspired it, CATCH ME IF YOU CAN?  How could it be?  It doesn't have Steven Speilberg, Leonardo DiCaprio and Christopher Walken attached to it.  That is pretty heavy talent to try to live up to in a tv series.  I didn't expect to like this but I've just finished the last episode of the fall season and the buddy team of Caffrey and Burke has grown on me. FBI Agent Burke is a big part of the white collar crime division in New York City.  Neal Caffrey was his biggest arrest.  He pulls Caffrey from prison so together they can solve the white collar crimes in New York.  This is as much an entertaining, amiable buddy show as it is a crime show, perhaps even more.  Burke is a rumpled, nerdy, harried and by the book agent while Caffrey is handsome, cool and charming.  The characters around them are also being nicely fleshed out, including Burke's wife, Caffrey's other sidekick (from the old life), and some other FBI agents. This is a USA program which followed MONK on that cable channel's lineup.  MONK just concluded for good and obviously WHITE COLLAR is trying to build the same type of family of characters around this crime show.  I did watch every week and will probably resume when it picks up again.  It may well improve over time too and become a 5 star series.  They have made a very promising start.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
0316042994|5.0|Evelyn Waugh's BRIDESHEAD REVISITED is a flawed masterpiece.  It is his only major novel that is not fundamentally a comic novel, as well as his most clearly religious one.  In the opinion of many readers - for instance, the great British novelist Henry Green wrote his friend Waugh that he loved the book but did not care for the ending.  Famed critic Edmund Wilson felt the same way, as have many, many readers.  Charles Ryder's conversion and the not terribly breakup of his and Julia's engagement are not very compelling or convincing.  First his intense hostility to Lord Marchmain's taking Last Rites seems to come out of nowhere - at least in its strength and intensity - and then his conversion is even more out of the blue.  Waugh had intended the novel to be about Divine Grace, but most readers, including most Christians, find the religious aspects of the book off putting, not least because his theology is unpalatable.  Most Catholics that I have talked to find his religious views harsh and un-Christian and Protestants care for them even less.  This was my third time to read BRIDESHEAD REVISITED and all three times the ending of the book struck me as hollow and unconvincing.<br /><br />Yet, this is one of my favorite books.  How can I love a book so deeply that ends so poorly?  There are three reasons.  First, Charles Ryder's narrative voice is one of the most splendid in all of literature.  His world-weary and defeated telling of the tale is poetic and beautiful, though heartbreaking and unspeakably sad.  I would place Charles among the four or five most haunting narrators in all of literature.  Second, Waugh's dialogues are exceptionally fine.  On a first reading there are dozens of conversations that stick with the reader and get replayed in one's mind over and over.  The best in the book are actually not dialogues but monologues by Anthony Blunt, one of the most entrancing supporting characters in fiction.  Third, Waugh has created in this book some of the most vividly conceived characters in English literature.  All three of these factors merge to create many of the most perfect moments one could hope to experience.<br /><br />All of which makes the ending of the novel even more heartbreaking.  As a Catholic convert Waugh wanted to write the Great Catholic Novel for his age.  I don't think he succeeded.  He made nothing even remotely resembling a case for Catholic belief.  Waugh's God - or at least the God projected by the Brideshead set - is hard and implacable and unyielding.  But Waugh did manage to created an unforgettable novel of frustrated dreams of youth and self-destruction.  Oddly enough, despite the novel beings set among the last days of the English aristocracy and its supplanting by business tycoons - though both feature in the novel as background - it isn't too much about changing class in Britain.  But focusing on those elements would have made the book about something other than it was.  It was about the individuals belonging to the class rather than the class itself, though the knowledge of what was happening to the class lies like a shadow in the background.<br /><br />The book is also structured around the two romances that Charles has with two members of the Flyte family.  It isn't made clear whether Sebastian and Charles have a physical relationship, but their friendship, even if platonic, is clearly romantic.  In one way Charles's affair with Julia is merely the consummation of what had started with Sebastian, something that Charles says explicitly to Julia.<br /><br />Had the ending of this book been up to the level of the rest of the book, this might well have been one of the finest English novels ever written.  Even as it is, it is a very fine book.  I don't think it is Waugh's best novel, even though it contains some of the best things he ever wrote (my vote for his most perfect books would be the Sword of Honour Trilogy, SCOOP, and A HANDFUL OF DUST).  And the novel is one of the reasons that Waugh is among my favorite writers.  I look forward to reading it for a fourth time.<br /><br />I additionally strongly recommend the exceptionally find BBC miniseries based upon the novel, starring Jeremy Irons as Charles Ryder and Anthony Andrews as Sebastian and Laurence Olivier as Lord Marchmain.  I honestly believe that it is the single finest production ever made for television and it is pretty much a scene for scene recreation of the novel.  It is also the finest version of a novel that I believe has ever been done either for television or film.iters.  I look forward to reading it for a fourth time.    I additionally strongly recommend the exceptionally find BBC miniseries based upon the novel, starring Jeremy Irons as Charles Ryder and Anthony Andrews as Sebastian and Laurence Olivier as Lord Marchmain.  I honestly believe that it is the single finest production ever made for television and it is pretty much a scene for scene recreation of the novel.  It is also the finest version of a novel that I believe has ever been done either for television or film.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Ordered these about 2 weeks ago and wasn't quite sure about them at first - the sound quality was outstanding - I could suddenly hear details in the audio that I never heard before on my Samsung Dolby Digital 5.1 HTIB, but I was experiencing quite a bit of interference which was manifesting as frequent (and loud) pops and clicks which would cause the audio to completely drop out for several seconds at a time.  Following the manufacturer's troubleshooting guidelines for this issue, I turned off my 802.11G wireless router, moved the transmitter around to different spots around my entertainment unit, sat in different spots, even stood right next the transmitter  all to no avail.  I finally remembered my rear surround speakers are wireless and as soon as I unplugged them the problems stopped immediately.  Now I am extremely satisfied with the performance of the X41s - these really do make a difference and the boosted chat audio on XBL is fantastic - finally I can hear what my teammates are saying and whats going on in the game without turning the game volume down to nothing.  Only thing is that I have to make sure that the receiver for my rear speakers is unplugged when I want to use the headphones - not a big deal to me.  My wife is happy about the purchase too, I can game to my heart's content without disturbing her or our son while he is sleeping.  The price is steep but this is an excellent product which delivers - just make sure you are aware of the potential for interference from other wireless devices and plan accordingly.
B002H3F7F6|1.0|What's with these old Has Beens singng unoriginal versions of traditional songs in their Has Been voices?  I was embarrassed for Sting when I heard this album.  Is he that desperate for money.  Jeez!  This is almost (but not as bad) and Bob Dylans's new Christmas album.
B001NLKXK2|5.0|One of the most moving books I can recall ever reading. Written from the perspective of Alice, a highly regarded, popular Harvard professor who is diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's at age 50, the narrative is compelling, emotional, and realistic. The tragic and speedy decline told through tiny, everyday experiences drives home the terror of this disease. The author captures the emotional toll on Alice, on her husband and immediate family, on her academic colleagues, her students, the medical profession, and even her neighbors (one arrives home to find Alice rearranging her kitchen cabinets thinking she's in her own house). Alice's relationship with her youngest daughter turns out to be particularly poignant, as Lydia's acting aspirations and talent give her unique insights into her mother's plight. Among the most heartbreaking turn of events is what happens to Alice's carefully planned (at an early stage of her diagnosis) exit strategy for suicide. The characters are each thoughtfully and beautifully portrayed. A 5+ star book!
B001GQ2TGA|1.0|Enya has a new, fresh style of Christmas music. Her voice is beyond excellant and the instrumentation is wonderfully arranged. Since she wrote and composed the music, it is different than anything else available. If you were impressed with the music of Lord of the Rings, you will love this cd.
B001DRF84W|5.0|Though this isn't the Incredible Hulk, The Hulk is still a great movie.  Jennifer Connelly is beautiful!  I love both Hulk movies.  Sounds great on Blu-Ray.  Seller was great, fast shipping and great packaging.
B002H3EUA4|5.0|This is one of the greatest comedy Christmas movies ever. It never gets old to watch this one. I could watch it several time in a row and still watch it the next day. Shows true family spirit whan a bunch of relitives gather for a Christmas meal. Could be 5 plus stars. With the extras that comes with this movie set, it makes it more fun to own.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|GREAT ALBUM.  GREAT BAND.  GREAT SONGS.  NOT GREAT PRODUCTION.  GREAT PLAYING.  NOT GREAT SOUND.  METALLICA RULE FOOL!  AND YES I AGREE THAT THE COVER RESEMBLES A VAGINA.
0307454541|5.0|this was the 2nd time i had to order this book.  i order this book from the different seller and i never received it.  so i was pleased with your fast shipment!  thanks.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|We got this movie last night as a rental from Redbox. We really enjoyed it, probably because we kept on comparing it to the series and enjoying the movie for what it was. Plenty of LOL moments, of course lots of action and great special effects, and good casting and even a surprise romance; something for everyone.<br /><br />We'll now be buying it for our permanent DVD collection.
B002SQ364Q|5.0|The night I saw this film in the movie theatre, I ran into my high school psychology teacher. I hadn't seen him in almost 20 years, and it was fantastic to see him again. Having just come off the happy vibes of this film, it was great to see and share with my old teacher how good it is to connect with people. I just heard that he died suddenly four days ago (this is in December 2009), and he was only 69 years old - so as I now think of Elliot's story in the summer of '69, I'm always going to remember how good it was to see my old teacher again . . . and the spirit of this film will now mean that much more to me . . . because when all is said and done in life, it's the people in your life who make the music (no matter whether the stage is right in front of you or miles off and bouncing off the hills of your long-ago memories). May everyone have an experience like that with this film . . . happiness is still not illegal, y'know?
B002OVEB5S|3.0|Slayer was one of my favorite bands growing up. With the exception of a few odd moments on albums, you can pretty much always know what you're going to get with them. This album is definitely Slayer. It has all of the traditional Slayer elements of speed, power, anger and aggression. Some of the songs grabbed me right away, then the others had to take a week to sink in.  I would definitely say that this is their best album in a long time. However, the one area that it seriously suffers is in the production. It just isn't as crisp and clear as some of their previous albums and doesn't seem to have near as much punch in a good stereo system. I guess they should've just stayed far away from anyone who has produced the turd that Metallica has become.
0385532458|4.0|I am a huge fan of Grisham's novels.  He writes a great story without the profanity and sex that lesser authors rely on as their\\"hook\\"..  Never will  that be a substitute   for truly great story telling. I am enjoying this latest book , although it  doesn't seem to have the same flow as a full lenght novel.
1597801577|5.0|Expanding upon one of his short stories, Paolo Bacigalupi revisits the world he outlined there. It is a post-oil world, where agri-business holds much of the world under its sway. By feeding the world, but offering only sterile seeds to produce these crops, companies based in the northern Midwest of the U.S. have transformed into a type of hegemony that has stretched out into the rest of the world. Like an octopus, Agri-Gen's tentacles seek to pry open the seed banks (genetic databases, as well as literal seeds) of Kreng Thup (a traditional name for Thailand). In this, Bacigalupi joins two of his short stories, \\"Calorie Man\\" and \\"The Yellow Card Man.\\" Thailand has survived by force of will, fierce nationalism, and the closing of its borders, which now -- two generations after the plague and famine years -- are becoming somewhat softer, the ministries surrounding the Child Queen of Krung Threp looking outward with yearning. Amidst this softening, this slow deregulation of the old guard's nationalistic rules, comes a company man, representing an agri-business based out of Des Moines: Agri-Gen. This slow, steady pressure from outside forces is what slowly sets the events into motion.<br /><br />What truly makes this an exceptional read, is not necessarily the setting: it contains much of the brilliance of, say, \\"Soylent Green's\\" (the film) gritty, sweat-sheened feel -- Krunp Threp is a tropical country, and much of the work that machines used to do is now human- or animal-powered, and everyone's sweating profusely throughout. The three main protagonists' stories slowly interweave, establishing their characterizations in a very believable way. This characterization is the engine that drives the story, since many of the chaos that accelerates into the denoument in the third act would be inscrutable without this window into the character's selves.<br /><br />Though bleak in its worldview, and possibly depressing to those folks who believe that through technological progress the world will be a better place (and its corollary: unchecked capitalism is unquestionably a good thing) there is a sliver of hope throughout -- to wit, that life (even engineered life) finds ways to escape control, endure and flourish even in the face of nihilism.ll be a better place (and its corollary: unchecked capitalism is unquestionably a good thing) there is a sliver of hope throughout -- to wit, that life (even engineered life) finds ways to escape control, endure and flourish even in the face of nihilism.
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|This film was beautifully done. The story wasn't fantastic, but it's well worth your time.
B0026P3G12|4.0|strange selection of songs - then you read why she picked them. All very meaningful songs to her.
B002NXSRVG|5.0|When I saw the movie in theaters I really enjoyed it and automatically knew that I wanted the DVD. But once I got the DVD it kinda sucked watching it because I already knew what the big surprise in the movie was, so the DVD has only been watched once. Other than that I'm happy to have added it to my collection of movies.
B001FB55HQ|3.0|As expected, the special effects were, well, special. Unfortunately, after the special effects, there apparently was not enough money left to pay for a 14 year-old to point out the glaring errors in the script - my favorite was when the 6 story-tall robot that shook the earth when it walked and was accompanied by a jet plane, snuck up on the people in the desert quick-trip.   The script also failed to close the loop and send Kyle back to save Sarah.  The basic problem is that somebody other than James Cameron was allowed to direct the sequel Terminator movies. The second one was not terrible, but the T3 and Salvation were way off from what they could have been.
B000ML7THO|5.0|Wow! I was ecstatic to find a wonderfully vintage version of this book..truly one of the great classics of American literature, which I teach in summer sessions in the Yucaipa, California School District. Fitzgerald needs to be continually read..and this vintage version is tops!!
0440237688|5.0|The Giver is novel about a community and a society optimized through governance by a strong central committee of elders, which are only briefly encountered in the book.      The book focuses on one boy's transition from youth to early adulthood, Jonas.  Through his eyes, we come to know his family and community.  Everything is very structured and orderly.  People's careers and mates are assigned to them based on observance and psychological profiling for optimal fit.  Even reproduction is assigned to specific people who engage in sex for reproductive purposes.  Children are then raised by nurtures.  People chosen to rear children until they are two years of age, at which point, the children are assigned to families for further upbringing.  Once children reach the age of 12, they are assigned their careers and begin training.  The old are well cared for in retirement communities where care givers see to their needs.    The high degree of structure is even found in people's daily lives where we find everyone eats sleeps, plays and works based on the schedules dictated by the governing body.  Families even have designated sharing time.  Where each family member is suppose to share their feelings based on their experiences during the day.    At first, there is something seductive about this society.  People are well treated; there is no war, poverty or crime.  However, as we see the community through the Jonas' eyes, one cannot help but notice unsettling aspects to the community.  Jonas' mother's comments that no woman should want to be a breeder as these women are assigned to physical labor after three years of producing children.  The elderly are \\"released\\" when they reach a certain point in their lives as are small children whose behavior is too unruly.  The people seem to need the orderliness and any disruption in their serene existence results in almost child like responses expecting someone to take care of them.    Jonas is selected to be the new \\"keeper of memories\\" a prestigious position awarded only when the old keeper is nearing retirement.  His first instructions are to discontinue sharing and he is given permission to lie.  This is the beginning of his introduction into the world behind the community's pristine façade.  He learns of love and his parents' inability to express it as the concept lacks the precision the community expects in language. Love is too messy to nebulous to truly be meaningful in the community.   His journey of discovery ultimately leads to death or salvation depending upon the reader's hopes.    In my opinion it leads to death as Jonas' last moments in the book are too conveniently similar to the collected memories given to him.  Also, ending in death leads to a bitter poignancy.  The realization that his society has made him into someone that cannot hope to survive outside its rigid confines. His new memories are the only thing left from lives lived before sameness.    Lowry's book is a brief, well written book on the dangers inherent in wanting too much safety, ease and convenience.  The result is a society with no pain, grief, longing or suffering.  However, there is no love, passion, joy or deep appreciation.  Life is functional, but not meaningful. The world has become gray, not because the people are color blind, but because they are numb from a society that protects them from being human.      This book is excellent cautionary tale for our own society.  We have become a society afraid of any form of discomfort, and seek to isolate ourselves from it. In the pursuit of isolation we have separated ourselves from our extended families.  We text instead of greet.  We email instead of talk.  We have successfully insulated ourselves from each other, making for a safe, rarified environment bereft of the messiness that comes with real living.  Lowry shows us the final result of the decision to make efficiency and safety paramount and impossibility of breaking out of these chains once they are forged.
1401323820|5.0|My husband and I both read this book and thoroughly enjoyed it, and we generally do not have the same taste in books!  If you watch the show Castle, this is a must read.  Even if you don't but enjoy murder/mystery novels, this is a great book.  Excellent tension / chemistry among the main characters and a good story line.
1576754499|5.0|Very helpful book from a dedicated practitioner to reducing $1/day rural poverty in developing countries.    A few highlights...    Poor people are poor because they don't have enough money    Kind of obvious ... it's what the poor tell you when you ask them ... but Polak argues that the \\"poverty experts\\" have much more complicated answers which is why they are so often distracted from actually helping the poor become not poor.  Poverty experts argue that the poor are poor because (a) they don't have power; (b) they are uneducated; (c) they get sick/disease too often; (d) they need clean water; (e) they need better seeds/fertilizer (or no fertilizer); etc. etc. etc. and the granddaddy of all ... they need ALL of these things before they can have any hope of moving out of poverty.  Polak argues that \\"finding a practical solution requires a different strategy ... finding the simplest single `lever' capable of producing the biggest positive result.\\"  The answer is - increasing income.    #1 Way for Small Farmers to Earn More Money    Polak believes that growing high-value vegetables, fruits and herbs as a cash crop during the dry season using drip irrigation is the #1 opportunity for small one-acre farmers (and even \\"landless\\" people) to earn upwards of $500/year which is enough to start them on the positive cycle towards getting out of < $1/day poverty.  IDE has focused R&D on building a drip and sprinkler irrigation products affordable and sturdy enough for these farmers.  Combining this with their affordable treadle pumps and a few other inventions to assist with water movement and storage, provides a scalable, practical solution.    See my full review:  [...]
0061122416|5.0|Bought this book for one of my wife's classes and read it myself.  A mighty good book.  The author believes each of us has a \\"Personal Legend\\", something we have always wanted to achieve, but not everyone achieves their Personal Legend.  Coelho tells us about somone who achieved that Personal Legend and what he overcame to achieve it.  Book is an easy, quick read.  Well worth the time.
031606792X|5.0|I am thoroughly enjoying reading this book, as I have enjoyed the first three in the Twilight series.  Even realizing these books were written for teenage girls, and I am a senior male, I am a long-time fan of fantasy tales, especially vampires.  So far, the first two movies in the series have been great, too, in my opinion.
B0028K31CE|5.0|My long wait for something new from Maxwell in over 8 years has not diminished my love for his voice & music. It is refreshing to hear real R&B/neo soul. Thank you Maxwell for an awesome record!
B002L3RVCY|5.0|THIS BOX SET OF SEASON ONE IS WORTH IT'S WEIGHT IN GOLD. NO REAL STAR WARS FAN SHOULD GO WITHOUT IT.
B002QEXN2K|4.0|Let me start by saying I never liked John Mayer and most of the singles he put out were always extremely boring to me. Never took the time to dig deeper. Also his ego really put me off as well. However, i was in the store the week of this albums release and i'm embarrassed to say that it may have been the album cover that drew me in. I had heard \\"Who Says\\" somewhere before hearing the albums release and i wasnt even impressed by that. However, I've grown tired of the same type of music over and over that I'm listening to currently.<br />Mayer is not my kind of music i will say that. I am a full on rock music lover, not indie rock, not brit rock, not metal, just Rock (favorite bands include Breaking Benjamin, Three Days Grace, Trapt, Linkin Park). I do dabble from time into pop and the occasional country(tim mcgraw, carrie underwood, miranda lambert, keith urban).<br />Anyway, i purchased Battle studies at best buy a couple days after its release. I fell in love with it after a minute into heartbreak warfare. I hadnt gotten aroudn to listening to the rest of the album until the past few days, but its been in heavy rotation on my ipod since.<br />I have read some review stating that his prev two albums are much better than this, so I am intrigued and have all 3 of his albums on order. should be arriving soon. I look forward to hearing them. I was not impressed with his singles except for \\"waiting on the the world to change\\" so i'm hoping that albums have alot to offer.<br />Not sure what else to say about the album as It may be one of my favorite releases this year. I suggest anyone who is not a Mayer fan, pick up this album and you will change your mind.<br />Favorites include:<br />Heartbreak Warfare<br />Half of My Heart(although i dont why taylor swift is featured, she only does backup vocals and they could've pulled anyone to do that)<br />Perfectly Lonely<br />Assassin<br />Edge of Desire
B002KSPKRS|1.0|I received my X41s on December 2, 2009 and I have had nothing but headaches and ear aches - LITERALLY. Numerous popping and cracking sounds and loud hissing emitting from the earphones, chat echo on XBox Live, and volume control issues via the dial on the headset.  To manage the volume, you have to do it from within the Options Menu on the game you are playing (eg. Modern Warefare 2).  When they do work, you have to pair the headset to the transmitter every time you use them and sometimes have to restart the transmitter to pair them again.  Tried to change batteries, controllers and even plugged X41s into laptop and still have same problems.    Turtle Beach has acknowledged this defect and have narrowed down the problem to their white talkback cable, use of a wireless N-Router and RF interference from some LCD HDTVs.  See [...] as so many people are complaining.    I will give Turtle Beach a chance and accept the notion that I might have received a defective headset despite the numerous complaints on their website.  I am sending them back to Amazon.com when the shipper opens.  All ready have the UPS label printed.  Good thing I kept the original packaging.  But if the replacement X41s do the same thing, then I will request a refund.  Not worth the headaches and ear aches.    -----    UPDATE:    Got replacement from Amazon.com yesterday (December 7, 2009). On/Off button was working so I figured that maybe I had a defective headset the first time around. There was a low level hiss but it's bearable. The sound was coming out of the correct speakers (L sounds out of left ear and R sounds out of right ear). Played for about 5 minutes, then I had to pair the transmitter to the headset again and I thought \\"OH NO NOT AGAIN!\\".    For 3 hours I have changed to every channel on my N-Router, flashed the firmware on the router again, turned off the wireless part of my N-Router and shut off every wireless device in my house (laptop, cell phone, cordless phone, etc.). The N-Routeris on the floor tucked back in a wooden cabinet. The X41 transmitter is 3 feet above and 7 feet away from the N-Router sitting on top of the fireplace mantle. When it worked for 5 minutes, I was standing less than a foot from the transmitter. I walked over to the couch which is 3 feet away from the mantle and it cut out. Now when I stand next to the mantle, it just pops and cracks in my ears and sound will not play out of headset; just the tv. Turned off the TV and only get cracks and pops. Swapped batteries, flip the talkback cable around and around again and changed controllers. Nothing works.  Turtle Beach Tech Support suggests that there might be other devices that is causing RF Interference with the headset.    Even if I figure out what the issue is, the fix is not worth my time or money. Going to get a refund from Amazon.com. I know Turtle Beach makes superior sound cards so I think the issue lies with this particular model of headset.    Reason I got these - my brother and friends have X1, X31 and X4 headsets so I figured the X41 would be just as good. Boy, was I wrong.  Do a search on the Turtle Beach X41 forums and you will see that I'm not the only one having problems.  Getting an X1 headset instead.  I'd rather be tethered via the cable and know that it works than disable all my wireless devices and anything else that emits RF just to be able to use the X41s.
1416594787|4.0|Those of us who are familiar with Richard Dawkins' work and those who are not will enjoy reading his latest book on evolution.  In it he condenses and updates the contents of previous efforts and blends them with his latest thinking and fresh evidence bearing of Darwins theory of evolution.  And he does it with his usual skill and prvocative challenges.  A word of caution: If you believe that humans walked with dinosaurs or deny the relationship between people and apes, beware.  You may be forced to change your mind.
B000N6U0E2|4.0|When it comes to motivational and inspirational pursue-your-dreams kind of movies THE PURSUIT OF HAPPYNESS may very well take home the prize.  I was amazed first by Will Smith's persuasive portrayal of Chris Gardner and second by the character's unending drive in the face of a barrage of setbacks, disappointments, along with the most unpredictable attacks from Murphy.  Long after most people would have thrown in the towel, he keeps on, stays focused, and doesn't rest until his dream of becoming a successful stockbroker and a providing father are complete.      It's a message badly needed in our world today.  It's also a strong portrayal of a father which is rarely seen in Hollywood today (as Hollywood, for whatever reason, is almost never father-friendly).  I think my favorite line in the film (also in the trailer) is when after Chris's son says he wants to become a famous basketball player someday, and Chris almost unconsciously gives his son the typical reflex-reply that most parents would give: Don't practice too much, there's too many people better than you, etc.  (I'm paraphrasing.)  Then he catches himself and remembers his own seemingly hopeless situation and adds, \\"Don't let anybody ever tell you that you can't do something--not even me!\\"    My major problem with this film (many would probably call it a small thing) is the plain-sight portrayal of the F-word on the side of the son's daycare building.  I know they're trying to say it's in a rough neighborhood, but they could have conveyed that without putting an expletive on the side of the building.  Later we hear the boy repeat the word, asking if it's spelled correctly.  Lately, it seems Hollywood enjoys having small children use profanity in films.  This principle is incompatible with family entertainment.    Come to think of it, there's no reason, why they couldn't have clean the film up and given it a PG-rating.
B0015DYIH2|1.0|The whole series should be titled \\"Breaking Wind\\".  I have never read such drivel or seen such bad movies.  Grow up America and read good books.  This is trash of the worst kind.
B00127RAJY|3.0|I adore Jillian Michaels and the work she does for the Biggest Loser so I thought I'd try her 30 Day Shred -- YES! This video works the heck out of you, builds your core and almost every muscle in your body -- If you are looking to build muscle, this work out is for you - 3 levels, very difficult. BUT if you are looking to simply tone and slim down a little {like lose a jean size} you may want to look for something more cardiovascular focused - With this, I'm only 130 lbs. and all the jumping was very hard on my ankles --
1401308201|4.0|at first, i had hoped this had the full script, but understand why it doesn't. this book also gives people who may not have read the book this musical is based on a taste so that they might delve into the series, which currently has three books to it. i certainly am happy with the content, and glad that they made this book for the public.
B002ONC9MS|4.0|Jenny (Carey Mulligan) is a bright and ambitious 16 year old who is focused on getting into Oxford. But after meeting an older charmer named David (Peter Sarsgaard) her world gets turned upside down. She soons notices David and his friends are up to no good. But, seduced by the pleasures of his glamorous lifestyle, she is willing to ignore this at first. Jenny's own indiscrections are matched by her father (Alfred Molina), a man of modest means hoping for a more affluent life for his daughter.    Carey Mulligan gives an Oscar worthy performance and was the highlight of the movie for me. Alfredo Molina is also excellent as her easily deceived dad. The set designs for 1961 London seem spot on as do the values and mannerisms of the characters. An interesting aspect of the plot involves Jenny's growing awareness of the lack of career opportunities for women at this time and how all her \\"hard and boring\\" schoolwork may be for nothing. Certainly this is part of what attracts her to the \\"live for the moment\\" ways of David and his pals.
B001DDBCV4|2.0|Buyers beware that the digital copy of the movie is no longer good. I popped the disc into my computer, entered the code, and received a message that said the offer for the digital copy had expired!!! Seriously?!?! Then maybe they shouldn't advertise that it includes a digital copy!!! So, half of this product no longer exists. Kind of lame, if you ask me.
B002RBZ13Q|5.0|I watched this via Palladia through Comcast's HD Music channel.  I have always enjoyed The Killers and their music, but I never would have considered myself of real fan of them until I saw this show.<br /><br />I was watching it on my 54\\" plasma one random night (the show was an hour long on TV) and I couldn't turn the channel after hearing one song (a song I had previously not heard).  Turns out, I was right at the beginning of the show and proceeded to watch the remaining 50+ mins without changing the channel.<br /><br />The colors, the energy, the atmosphere, and the band's amazing sound make this a must-have for my Blu-ray collection.  I caught the tail-end of this performance again the other night on Comcast, and I was still amazed by the performance for just those few minutes.  Royal Albert Hall in London looks like the perfect place to watch a concert, and it was the perfect place to host The Killers and the show they put on that night.<br /><br />I can't wait to have this in Blu-ray and see what the 2-hour show looks like.
B001B4JVKE|5.0|LOVE THIS ALBUM IT HAS ALL HER BEST SONGS,AND THE DVD SHOWING HER CONCERT WAS A GREAT EXTRA.  ITS A GREAT VALUE FOR THE PRICE.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|Great music!  You can hear background stuff on this mono set that you never heard before!
0061730327|4.0|I really enjoyed the book, though the title reflects only the second half of the book.  The story is really separated into two sections - the tragedy of a famine and the inspiration of a boy who learned to harness the wind.  With that said, both halves of the book are compelling and make the book worth reading.  The tragedy of the famine, which comprises the first half of the book, is heartwrenching and my appreciation for how blessed I am increased with each turned page.  Following the famine, the story switches to the inspirational story of harnessing the wind.      Don't expect to be blown away by exceptional writing or literary prose, but the simplicity in writing allows the reader to relate easily with the main character and his situation.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|been using this for well over a month now, gives a completely different feeling to the controller. I like the way the controller feels in my hands now. I think this is a must have add on for the PS3. Highly recommended
1595478728|5.0|My favorite line from this book (among hundreds): \\"The madman isn't the one who tries to get his head into heaven, he is the one who tries to get heaven into his head.\\" At the same time, that quote doesn't even represent an imp of Chesterton's common sense genius. I only wish he were alive today to bury the likes of small-minded atheist fundamentalists who are clogging the arteries of higher learning. What a tragedy it is that these scientists are teaching our children they are fools to believe in anything other than what their senses can perceive immediately. They are not teaching freedom, they are teaching slavery. Their teachings won't emancipate the human race, they would only enslave it and force the extinction of poetic, dignified humanity as we know it.     Thank God there are those like Chesterton who devoted their lives to rebuking the cold, heartless, inhumane body of unbelief. Chesterton makes easy work of them all by sharing truth so powerful and concise it will make the seasoned Christian laugh out loud in familiar approval and absolutely tantalize the new Christian.  I should add that it is no coincidence that Chesterton was a devout Catholic. Though his stabs at Calvinism and other breakaway movements are quick, they are deadly precise and overwhelmingly compelling.      There is only one God and He is revealed in Jesus Christ and the Magisterium is the teaching office of Jesus Christ. Sure the church has had its problems due to the errors of some of its early leaders, and most recently of a rogue band of pedophile priests, but it's on the mend now and it is still the first and only Christian faith upon which all others are pillared. Chesterton's entire body of knowledge is pillared on the ROCK of Catholicism, and that's why they are simply and beautifully timeless like God and perfectly beyond reproach.      This book should be required reading for all those who want to be able to defend their faith logically against illogical forces of today who arebent on abolishing it with smoke, mirrors, cantankerous parody, pompous ridicule, and elitist superiority. There is a reason why atheists hold all their speaking engagements at colleges. Think about it.     God bless those who keep GK's books in syndication and on our bookshelves. Let's all spread the word to young people so they are not deprived of this quintessential treatise on the SANITY of theism.
0307716988|5.0|This book is written by someone who is writing what Michael is saying. It is a wonderful book that covers Michael's life up to 1988.  I read it all the way through at one sitting and will read it again and again the same way I play Michael's albums over aand over.
B0000072VM|3.0|3 1/2    Like many bands of its ilk, PFM's compositional tendencies can become sporadic and lead to disconnect, but unlike many others, these musicians are adept enough to keep things mostly engaging and sometimes exciting.
0316069906|2.0|This book feels like it should be two thirds shorter; there is too much silly writing which distracts from his points. Throughout, I've felt as if there was a great need to trim words, and I laughed out loud when I read this sentence on \\"downer\\" cows:<br /><br />\\"There aren't reliable statistics available about downers (who would report them?), but estimates put the number of downed cows at around 200,000 a year - -  about two cows for every word in this book.\\"<br /><br />Meaning that if his book were shorter, the ratio might have crept up to THREE times as many downers cows  as words in his book. Or FOUR! OMG! Thank god his book is as long as it is, and the ratio constrained!<br /><br />A serious writer would take one of two paths: either I don't want to alarm you about 200,000, or I do. If I don't, I put 200,000 in perspective as a percentage of the total cows slaughtered annually. If I DO want to alarms you, I compare 200,000 to something sensible (say, twice the population of West Palm Beach!) But to compare it to the number of words in your book, as if that's something meaningful?<br /><br />You might say I'm harping on a single example, but long before you get to this example of egocentricity, we're provided rambling anecdotes about his grandmother and her cooking and her survival. And his parenthood, and trips to the aquarium. And after the ever important yardstick of downers to words ratio, a detailed examination of his father's experimentation with cooking.<br /><br />And there's this odd introduction of terms, which I presume will inform our vocabulary as we continue. (It's in this section that he brought up \\"downers,\\" and that was informative. I was not similarly enlightened by his erudite definition and discussion of the term \\"b***s**t.\\" [No asterisks in the original.])<br /><br />So far I have seen one, and only one part I would share with others to the author's benefit. In a discussion on why we choose to eat animals, he takes the reader through a jarring thought-exercise on why we don't eat dogs, and chews away at all our taboos here, while at the same time doting on his family dog. The implication of course being that we should have similarly contradictory feelings about eating any other animal. That was fine, it was a nice bit of rhetoric; but am I wrong to think that any reader would have gotten his point much sooner than it took Foer to express it?<br /><br />My negative reactions here have nothing to do with his point: I am an omnivore who recognizes that at the very least I need to cut back on eating animals if not eliminate it altogether. But Foer's book is so poorly constructed, and written so full of detours, that I doubt I'm going to be able to finish it. And I am an intelligent reader. If he can't keep me, and if his goal is to keep me, then he's failed. If his goal to write something he's impressed with, however, I bet he's succeeded.
B000002VCU|3.0|3 1/2    Parson got a second, if brief, wind with this lushly produced smooth rock that works where many of his releases fail.
B002MEW7YY|5.0|I love Donizetti's comic operas. My favorite is La Fille du Regiment with Natalie Dessay and Juan Diego Florez, which is laughing out loud funny. I also enjoyed L'Elisir d'Amore with Anna Netrebko and Rolando Villazon. Don Pasquale, with Juan Diego Florez and Isabel Rey is very entertaining.<br />Lucia di Lammermoor, based on Sir Walter Scott's novel The Bride of Lammermoor from the Met is my first serious Donizetti opera. It does seem a bit odd to hear Scotsmen singing in Italian, but the production by Mary Zimmerman is beautifully done. Of course the main attraction is Anna Netrebko: she is beautiful, has a wonderful voice and has developed all the necessary acting skills. She began her career as a teenager singing in Russian operas (see Prokofiev's Betrothal in a Monastery and Glinka's Ruslan and Lyudmila, both available on DVD), made guest appearances with the San Francisco Opera in 1995 and made her debut at the Met in 2002. Since then, it has been one success after another. The Associated Press recently named her \\"the reigning new diva of the 21st century.\\"
B000NJVWUA|2.0|2 1/2    Falling back on the coasting success of uninvigorating pop, the album offers little incentive beyond title track for particular purchase.
B001DUJNGS|1.0|I own the majority of Enigma's singles and hits, and also some remixes. I also enjoyed their 2006 album 'A Posteriori' and have the entire album in my iTunes. I was extremely disappointed in this album.    Overall, I found this album did not contain memorable tracks, and a few I found irritating, especially 'The Same Parents' and 'Touchness'.   The only track I came close to liking was \\"Fata Morgana,\\" because it resembled how I expected an Enigma song to sound.  However, I didn't think it sounded unique enough so I finally deleted it from my computer.     The majority of this album just sounds like \\"filler\\" to me, or like an extended transition between other songs.  One song even contained the same tune from a previous album, which made the album feel even cheaper.        I listened to the album on my headphones (versus on speakers), because I think listening on headphones often gives me a better feel for the songs as I can hear the \\"nuances\\" in the music. However, I did not find anything noteworthy on this album even after a close listen.
0547258305|5.0|It took a minute for me to get into the book and this character, but once I did I couldn't put it down. I really enjoyed every minute spent with these characters. Beautifully done! I can't wait to read more. I also read Fire. It was equally as compelling. She does a great job of coloring in the world and the people within it so you can't help but fall in love with them!
B0002KQNJU|4.0|After some 30 years since I first (and last) saw this pictures, a couple of months ago on a trip I was invited to see the play based on this movie; then about an hour after seeing it I turn on the TV and hear that Polanski (who I hadn't heard about in years) has just been arrested in Switzerland. Hey, these were signs I HAD to buy this DVD which, by they way, certainly doesn't dissapoint. I found it truly funny, creepy and scary. The scene where Alfred runs away in the court from the afemminated vampire is a true classic.   Funny how the first half of the movie is practicaly silent while the play is full of dialogue and jokes but my biggest amazement was that even though well aware of the surprise ending, it still felt quiet shocking.  And by the way, the very day I get this DVD from Amazon I read Polanski has been let go on bail.......Enough coincidences !
031606792X|3.0|The book is good, and great if you are twilight fan as is my wife. But if you are going to read the whole saga I recommend you to buy the full saga at Marshalls they have the full saga in a great presentation and with a great price, is too bad that we saw it too late after we bough the book one by one.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|this video that we ordered is for a Xmas gift, but we rented \\"UP\\" to be able to see if it was good, & we are both adults & loved it. thank.
0316069906|5.0|We all suffer.  No one escapes old age, sickness and death.  When you recognize this and search for an end to suffering, you might come to Buddhism.  Even if you are not a Buddhist, you may come to appreciate the life of all sentient beings, follow the precept of no killing, and exclude meat from your diet.  If so, or almost so, this book will certainly make your end to Eating Animals vividly real.  What you don't do is at least as important as what you do.
1401323820|4.0|It fits perfectly into the TV series as well as stands alone as a really good, fast paced novel.  The book is a great extension of the wonderful TV series Castle and does it with the same humor and tight story line as the series. Kudos to the writers
B002QGUFWE|1.0|This is amazing: the fact that she has made it. She is really not that good...
B00186W1VG|5.0|First off, one of the greatest debut albums from the early 90's since Led Zeppelin's debut album, I.  This isn't the first time Rock and Rap had been fused together, but it's certainly the boldest.  You've got Tom Morello shredding tasty riffs and tornadoing his fingers along the fret board, mastering solo after solo.  Both him and Tim Commerford (bassist) use unique electronic effects on both their guitars (no synthesizers are used in the making of their music).  Brad Wilk pounds away at the drums and Zack de la Rocha spits his 'rage'-filled lyrics into the mic.    Bob Marley was a protest singer, but his musical and lyrical styles represented Martin Luther King, Jr.  Rage Against the Machine's musical and lyrical styles?: Malcolm X.    ANYWAYS, there's nothing better than touching a needle down to the surface of a record and hearing what's about to crackle and hiss its way out of the speaker.  RATM's debut album is a masterpiece, but if you haven't yet heard it on vinyl, you're in for a treat.  The screaming, the rapping, the explosive riffs, the spine-tingling solos, the thumping/slapping bass, the machine-gun-rapid tapping/pounding of the skins (even a cowbell here and there)...the RAGE...it sounds so much more superior and superb on vinyl.  FIND IT, BUY IT, LOVE IT!
B002QEXN2K|1.0|I have been a John Mayer fan since the beginning of his career and thought he was one of the VERY few musicians in the industry that was saving it from total breakdown.  His live album \\"TRY!\\" and it's studio brother \\"Continuum\\" were outstanding and showed that he was capable of great things.         Battle Studies is a total letdown.  Songs are dreary, bland, repetitive, aimless and all together boring.  Although the above mentioned albums were with Steve Jordan, perhaps it's time to part ways with him if he is the reason for such self indulgent trash.  Whatever the reason, John better figure it out quick and get to work on his next solid record and hope everyone forgets about this one FAST.  In a few months this thing will be on the bottom of the bargain bin in your favorite record store.    I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
B002BU0DPE|5.0|The Ear Force P21 Gaming Headset for PS3 is simply amazing. The headset heavily emphasizes on great quality and ease. Yes there is some hissing sound that a lot of people complain about but it never bothered me because when you're into the game, it's hardly noticeable at all.     Overall, I love it and would recommend to anyone (especially for people into FPS's). It definitely enhances your gameplay, the 5.1 surround sound is amazing.
1416583408|3.0|Good facts and interesting educated perspective.  Enjoyed the learning experience but found the wording a bit excessive and  easy to skip or put down.  Most dog lovers would appreciate simple language.
0061537969|5.0|When a friend recommended THE ART OF RACING IN THE RAIN by Garth Stein, I was way too busy to start a new book.  AHA, I opened it to see what it was all about,and couldn't put it down. I quickly became enthrawled with the idea that the dog was writing the book, and it wasn't long before I realized the dog was smarter than a lot of people.  I learned about race driving, but what I appreciate at this time of year, it automatically answered the question, \\"What am I going to give for Christmas that will please my family?\\"  Stein's book is the best book I have read in a long time.  Bravo, Garth Stein!
B002NWRMVS|3.0|I have loved Norah Jones since her first album came out and had been looking forward to her newest.  However, I find it hard to enjoy listening to this one.  Her voice is as nice as ever so I'm not giving it as low as 2 stars, but I do not like the background music at all in this album.  Very disappointing.  I hope she will go back to the style we loved.
B0026P3G12|5.0|In this album, Susan shows an absolute world class voice.    She is much better though, when her natural charisma shows through.  In her live performances such as the Britain's Got Talent and America's Got Talent \\"Wild Horses\\", her natural confidence and knowing she is out there taking risks is what absolutely polarizes the audience.  In her live performances, we can hear the feelings in her of the risks she can feel she is taking, and that is what gives her performances such a total WOW factor.    Charisma comes most often from the projection of confidence when taking risks, and Susan has this in spades in her live performances, and is what sets her apart from everyone else.    This album sounds over-rehearsed. Like everyone was resolved not to take chances.    I still listen to this album, obviously, but her live performances so far are worthy of six stars.    An album of her live performances would be dynamite.
1594488878|3.0|If you like Nick Hornby, then this book is not wasted on you. The guy's got mad skillz. As someone who was religious about High Fidelity, incredibly moved by About a Boy & How to be Good, and absolutely Spellbound by Long Way Down, I must claim some token familiarity with the man's work.  And yet. And yet.  This one never really came together for me.  The Fake Wikipedia entry was a nice touch, but I was less moved by the back-and-forth emails; again, this is personal opinion, not critical gospel. I personally think epistolary novels are the pits.  The characters are well done; Annie & Tucker especially, though I wasn't happy with what I felt was lack of resolution in the end. Tucker's story we get, Annie's, mostly, but Duncan seems to drop off the face of the book.   The changes in POV were occasionally jarring, and some of the dialogue attrition could have been clearer.  And yet. And yet.  This is Nick Hornby we're talking about. The worst 8 hours I've ever spent with his books are still far better than most anything out there.  Also, I would now like to hear the album Juliet, and am somewhat pissed that it doesn't exist :)
B00005U8EM|5.0|I bought this dvd a few years ago and forgot to review it then, so I'll do so now.    This is one of my favorite movies, and the special edition (there might be a more recent anniversary edition available now) has a number of great features, including a fascinating commentary track by Harold Ramis and others on the development of the story and the filming of the picture.  This movie contains many perfectly developed sequences that intertwine throughout.  You enjoy it the first few times just because of the humor, or the odd love story between the two main characters, and you notice more and more fine points that fit together as you watch it over, and over....    This is Bill Murray at his self-deprecating funniest, and Andie MacDowell at her gosh-darn pretty wholesomeist.  The supporting cast, from Murray's brother Brian Doyle and Chris Elliott, all the way down to the groundhog, do great turns.  I realize that this is a film that some people don't get the first time they watch it - I think I read that Roger Ebert didn't like it at first, before eventually pulling his old review and including Groundhog Day among his \\"Great Films\\".      The scene in the bowling alley bar (\\"I'd say you're a half-empty kind of guy, Phil.\\"), followed by the car chase on the railroad tracks, is laugh out loud funny.  The montage of Phil's manipulative and increasingly frustrating attempts to seduce Rita, followed by the second chase scene (Don't drive angry!), followed by the montage of Phil's ineffective attempts to commit suicide, are comedy masterpieces.  The montage of Phil's attempts to better himself daily, and help others, are the heart of the film.    There's a message that I understand is attractive to many viewers - a Buddhist humanism that permeates the tale of Murray's self-perfection - sort of like Siddhartha with an alarm clock.  I don't go for that belief system, but it is an appealing thought that if you could relive your life and value each moment and live it to the fullest, with all of the best intentions, that you could undergo the sort of transformation that Murray's character has by the end of the film.
B001OQCV24|3.0|According to Roland Emmerich-directed \\"2012,\\" the world as we know it will end with a big bang. You know, this is nothing surprising because \\"2012\\" is helmed by the director responsible for \\"Independence Day\\" and \\"Godzilla.\\" Like the space alien invasion and the hugest lizard in NYC he once depicted, Roland Emmerich's new film is such a bombastic, effect-ridden disaster film that ignores any logical narrative structures.    Actually, that is not exactly a bad thing. Certainly \\"2012\\" delivers the goods and does what it sets out to do. We get what we expect from so-called disaster movies and Roland Emmerich doesn't disappoint us on that score. You will see familiar landmarks and buildings, and even the whole city, collapsing into the ground and the ocean. That is impressive, surely, though no one in the film really explains the mechanism of this catastrophe.    We are to follow the story of two main characters: one ordinary man Jackson Curtis (John Cusack), trying to save his family no matter it takes; and Adrian Helmsley (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a scientist who predicted the event, struggling to retain the humanity in the face of the disaster. Their acting is not bad, but their characters (and most supports) remain one-dimensional at best.    But what really disappointed me is the dullness of the film, which is 30 minutes too long. I know this is not a nature documentary and I don't expect scientific accuracy, but when the story starts to look absurd, or (worse) predicable, something is definitely wrong. You guess who will survive or not, and in most cases your guess is right. Moreover, the film's big actions are amazing at first, but soon they start to look repetitious. Also, though I can't say in what way, the final chapter is a real letdown.    You don't have to take the film too seriously. But when you know there is something in the film that could be turned into something better, maybe you have to take it seriously. What will the government do if they know there is no chance of survival for most of the people? What will a scientist do? The film raises these intriguing questions only half-heartedly, content with the big-budget special effects. OK, this is Roland Emmerich and I should have known that.
B000HT3PPG|5.0|Want to get into the mood for the upcoming holiday? Well, it's always helpful when you watch these classic Christmas films. A majority of them are always fun to watch, like It's a Wonderful Life and Home Alone. The original 1947 version of Miracle on 34th Street may not be perfect, but it still manages to bring that warm holiday spirit by asking the question: Is the Santa Claus for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day real or not? It's such a heartwarming film, and anyone can enjoy it, whether you celebrate Christmas or not.
0316044695|3.0|This is a fine book about four brave young men doing their absolute best for our country in Afghanistan. It was a desperate battle for survival and three of our warriors never came back. I admire them and salute them for their courage and dedication to the cause of freedom.  But Luttrell kept revisiting the liberal folks back home, and seems to forget, or downplay,  that their thoughts and opinions are equally as important about what is happening in our wars, which there are far too many.  There probably should have been some more planning or contingency concerns, but the idea of shooting unarmed goatherders shouts repellant to me - that's not what we're about in America. ROE is necessary. What were the plans if they were \\"outed\\" by civilians, or did the Taliban fully understand where and what they were.  My friends in the war zones tell me that the word goes to the enemy whenever we leave a safe area, long before our troops get to their operational zone. The SEALS were patriotic and strong, but the circumstances turned against them.  And never forget readers, we put the young men in harm's way!
0316069906|5.0|Everyone should read this book.  If each and every one of us  made good choices regarding the food we eat , we would be in a position to turn the world  around in the right direction!
1416955070|4.0|Before I got this book I looked at the reviews on Amazon as you could tell I was skeptical in buying the book. I thought the price was a little to high in this case since I read a whole lot better books then this. But I'm not going to bash it because the book was quite good even though at times I felt aggiated in the main charcter Clary. To me she was just so wimpy she never could fight her own battles it was either Jace, Luke, or even her mundie best friend Simon. I had high hopes for Clary but she let me down maybe she'll grow throughout the series. The book was quite obvious towards the end everything I expected came up. But for the most part I loved the action in this book so I recommend this to anyone who likes but not loves a good demon slaying book.
B000F8O35U|2.0|I bought this DVD as a Christmas present for my niece.   I was highly dissapointed with it once it arrived.   First off, this was NOT an official Little Mermaid  Disney DVD. The cover was a reproduced (copied)  version of the true DVD. I know, because my daughter  has an original copy. It was wrapped in clear cellaphane  but did not have a sticker or label like you would find on  an official copy. I haven't opened it to see what the actual  DVD looks like, as I am still planning on giving it as a   gift, with an apology for the \\"knock-off\\" look! But I'm sure  once we do, I will be dissapointed with it, as well!
B000000WJZ|5.0|The Smashing Pumpkins' second full length release, Siamese Dream, is nothing short of a modern sonic masterpiece. Every track is strong, and the musicianship is top notch. This album helped define my childhood and it still sounds just as great as when I first heard it so many years ago.
B000069HZP|4.0|This is a wholly under-rated film!  It's completely unpredictable, splendidly acted and keeps you guessing throughout.  Loved it!  This is a little talked about gem and Michael Douglas is fantastic.
B000Q31L4U|2.0|First and foremost, the character animation in this film is just plain weird. Unfortunately, what would have been a really solid Christmas story has been transformed into something eerie and creepy. The child-like images are strange as are all the other characters. Also, using Tom Hanks voice for half a dozen characters in this film is overkill and nauseating. In particular, his high-pitched screechy voice for the train ghost and conductor is like nails on a chalkboard.  Some of the music is very good, but the classic renditions like \\"Santa Claus is Coming to Town\\" sung by the elves... Again, very strange. If you like eerie, dark animated content to tell a good Christmas story, you'll be drawn to this one. If you're buying this movie for young children, make sure you have the DVD remote in hand to skip ahead from the more bizarre scenes.
0679746323|5.0|Along with Hitler, Stalin and Saddam Hussein, Mao Tse Tung was one of the most evil men of the 20th century, as anyone with respect for human life will attest.<br />The auhtors illustrate how Mao's thirst for blood is what led him to choose the Communist Party, over the Nationalists because the Nationalists put limits on the brutality their forces allowed and only the Communists could provide him with a means to assuage his mania for murder and destruction.<br />From even before his participation in the civil war, he showed a great almost sexual love of murder-'it is wonderful, it is wonderful' he enthused in 1927, during one of the Communists destruction of an entire city and it's population during the Chinese Civil War.<br />A revolution needed blood he told the local population of Hunan that year, \\"It is necessary to bring about a reign of terror in every country\\"<br />The authors point out how the Communists under Mao during the Sino-Japanese War saw the Nationalists as the main enemy and not the Japanese, and refused a united front with the Nationalists against the Japanese, later when a front was set up Mao ensured it was sabotaged and worked to make sure that the Japanese advanced deep into China.<br />The authors effectively debunk the myth that the Communists were the main force in resisting Japanese aggression. Mao had hoped for a deal between Stalin and Japan similar to the 1939 deal between Stalin and Hitler-the Molotov-Von Ribbentrop pact.<br /><br />During the civil war, and after Mao took control of the country in 1949, the main target of Mao's killing machine was the peasants. Mao saw the peasants as beneath contempt and worth no mercy.<br />He died production and success in industrialization to a high death rate of the rural masses.<br />All the granaries were shut down in rural areas and massive quantities of food allowed to rot rather than to feed the starving masses.<br />In his dream to dominate the world Mao created the greatest famine in world history that killed over 38 million people.<br /><br />He saw reducing the peasants to starvation as a virtue, and refused to take any measures to improve their well being.<br />The authors cover the horrors of the Hundered Flowers Campaign, the Great Leap Forward and most horrific of all the Cultural Revolution. It is harrowing to read of tortures and murders of millions of entire families from the oldest to youngest were killed, babies still on milk torn grabbed and torn apart at the limbs or just thrown into wells. His fascination with spreading death can be captured in his words about the famine \\"A few children die in the kindergarten, a few old men die in the happiness court, if there is no death human beings can't exist\\".<br />Mao's aim of world domination lead to the Korean and Vietnam wars.<br />In 1975 a year before his death, Mao congratulated Pol Pot on his slave labour state. 'You have scored a splendid victory'  he just one blow and no more classes'. What Mao meant is that everyone had become a slave.<br />Mao's 27 year rule brought death to more than 70 million Chinese-in peacetime.<br />It is mind blowing that so many on the Left did and still do worship him.<br />It is this same cult of worshipping murder and evil that leads Leftist radicals to laud Saddam Hussein, the Ahmadinejad regime in Iran , terror outfits like Hamas and Hezbollah, and the Taliban.illion people.      He saw reducing the peasants to starvation as a virtue, and refused to take any measures to improve their well being.   The authors cover the horrors of the Hundered Flowers Campaign, the Great Leap Forward and most horrific of all the Cultural Revolution. It is harrowing to read of tortures and murders of millions of entire families from the oldest to youngest were killed, babies still on milk torn grabbed and torn apart at the limbs or just thrown into wells. His fascination with spreading death can be captured in his words about the famine \\"A few children die in the kindergarten, a few old men die in the happiness court, if there is no death human beings can't exist\\".   Mao's aim of world domination lead to the Korean and Vietnam wars.    In 1975 a year before his death, Mao congratulated Pol Pot on his slave labour state. 'You have scored a splendid victory'  he just one blow and no more classes'. What Mao meant is that everyone had become a slave.   Mao's 27 year rule brought death to more than 70 million Chinese-in peacetime.     It is mind blowing that so many on the Left did and still do worship him.   It is this same cult of worshipping murder and evil that leads Leftist radicals to laud Saddam Hussein, the Ahmadinejad regime in Iran , terror outfits like Hamas and Hezbollah, and the Taliban.
B000HEWEDK|5.0|I  bought this as a replacement for a vhs copy I have. love the robot and special efects,reminds me of Johhny Quest monsters.I am over 50 and collect old sci fi.So this is a must for any collection
B0000067L2|5.0|DEFINITELY the best album they ever made.Good all the way thru. There are no bare spots to this album. AMAZING
B002UNMW7O|5.0|I've seen the movie twice on the big screen and will still have to have the DVD for home viewing because the cheers and laughter of my 'frenzied' fellow movie goers drowned out some of the dialogue in places. I refuse to compare this film to the first because it can stand on its own as more than just another action film, it is a work of Art on the screen with all the tragedy, depth, symbolism, brotherly love, witty dialogue, tension, and purpose of one of Shakespeare's plays, only with a modern day twist. There are some scenes that only my 'Chitty-chitty bang bang' and 'Starsky and Hutch' generation may 'get', but that's o.k. Makes me feel special. Clifton Collins Jr. and Julie Benz stole every scene they were in! Rather than attempt to have Benz fill the big shoes of Willem Dafoe, Duffy brilliantly gave us a smart, unique character who stands out in her own high heels. We also are filled in on a glimpse of the back story for Connolly's character as the father; why he became a hit man who preys on mobsters and how he was caught. I felt more sympathy this time around for the father and his losses, as well as a deeper understanding of why the brothers were compelled to take on their mission. Not only is this a great continuation of a fantastic cult classic, it gives the audience a deeper look into the Saints. Of course I must add that Romeo (Clifton Collins Jr.) is one of those unforgettable characters who brought the humor to the forefront. I might add that the music was great. Hope to see the soundtrack on sale soon.<br /><br />Chrissy K. McVay
B002OFWG7O|5.0|To put it in simple words: It's an amazing rock band, they play excellent music, so this collection is a must. The new songs are good, specially Wheels.    I've bought this item specially because it came with the videos, I think Foo Fighters videos are very good, funny and they laugh at themselves.    I recommend this album to all Foo Fighters fans, but also to the people that likes good old school rock and roll, they won't be dissapointed.
6305127697|5.0|Wonderful seller, item exactly as described and extremely quick shipping!!  Thank you....and Happy Holidays!!
B000BNI90O|5.0|what should I say -- I also have the Original Motion Pic. Soundtracks as a single CD Version, but this version is phenomenal - esp. the high resolution DD 5.1 DVD!!!!!!!!!
0465011047|5.0|Having been deployed to South Korea, I thought I had heard and read almost everything there is about North Korea.  Yet, what westerners, even South Koreans don't know about the North Korean labor camp system can literally fill a book.  I don't know how the author was able to account for his experience in such detail (keeping in mind that he was simply trying to survive the daily torture, malnutrition, sleep deprivation, and disease in the camp), but the book will leave you speechless.  It's as if you're reading about someone's worst nightmare, and proves that sometimes reality is stranger than fiction.    Recommend this to anyone of a mature age that needs a newfound perspective on life. Not to make light of the book, but if you think you have problems...
B002UXRH10|1.0|what is this????? this album is not her best. it's dark, it's cold, boooooooring and disappointing. she has gone overboard!!!!!!
B00005JO9J|1.0|I ordered this product about 5 weeks ago.  It never arrived, so I contacted the seller who never responded.  I am still waiting for a refund.   My gift never arrived. What a disappointment!
B0007TKNL0|5.0|The movie was great, the actors were exceptional and so was the music.    One great little extra was the Phantom of the Opera documentary which included clips of the broadway show and how it came to be and is only available in this 2 disc special edition.    Buy this movie if you loved the broadway, and if you haven't seen it in broadway watch the movie first to really enjoy and understand it in Broadway.
B002H3F7F6|5.0|Please note while this CD is frequently listed under \\"Christmas,\\" the offerings are not totally holiday fare.  In this case, the title is very indicative of the material within.  These songs are musings for a cold winter's night. This is one CD you can use to audition stereo equipment, the recording is one of the best I have heard in a long time.       Four of the songs are Christmas:  \\"Gabriel's Message\\" (which first appeared on \\"A Very Special Christmas\\"), \\"Christmas at Sea\\", \\"Cherry Tree Carol\\", and \\"Soul Cake.\\" They're all lovely, but \\"Christmas at Sea\\" is the one song that's getting the most repeats from me.      This CD is a continuation of \\"Songs from the Labyrinth\\" so do not be surprised to hear the balladeer style singing you've heard on the previous CD.  Orchestration is simple, but breathtaking and sets off Sting's voice beautifully.      While Sting fans are going to love this CD, I think it's also appropriate for people who enjoy the 17th century style music and audiophile level recording.      Rebecca Kyle, December 2009
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This DVD is a great resource with regard to learning where our food is coming from and why. As a parent, I found the information invaluable and informative with regard to what we are feeding ourselves and our children. I believe this to one link in the mysterious obesity issue affecting America.  I only hope that this is not the only documentary on the subject. I read the Omnivores dilemma from which this movie originated and would encourage any who have not read to do so.  It goes into greater detail and elaborates more on each issue (corn, beef, fertilizer, feed lots, chicken and consumer propaganda).
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Anyone who enjoys sci-fi should give this series a try.  I've never met anyone who watched this and didn't like it.
B002QGUFWE|4.0|As everyone else has posted, I couldn't believe \\"bitch\\" was censored.  How dumb!  What is a \\"bit\\"?  It's something you use in a drill.
0689853637|5.0|This is a beautiful and charming book with amazing pop-ups.  There is limited text so is suitable for children of all ages.  Has a very timeless look to it.
0060853972|5.0|Several people recommended this book to me so I bought it.  I was about 1/4 way in the book, but kept getting distracted...... Until my friend lent me his audio version.  WHAT a hoot!  This was a fun book.
0439882826|5.0|I bought this book for my nephew and it's absouletly amazing.  The pop-ups are great quality and very detailed.  There is also a lot of text in the book and lots of hidden pictures and text.  Couldn't fault it.
B001CDZZI6|3.0|The book is okay, I just expected a bit more detailed results and suggestions. Basically I knew all the results already and was looking for getting a more helpful vision for developing my strengths.
1569242739|5.0|This is the BEST cupcake book ever.  I have tried many of the recipies and variations and have always recieved an overwhelmingly positive respond from people trying them.  Most people are amazing when I tell them they are vegan.  Not having dairy products seems to make a lighter and very velvet cupcake.  Also great if baking for kids taking to school as many kids these days can't eat dairy.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|This was the best concert ever.  Michael Jackson was the best entertainer in the world.  What a thrill it was to watch his concert.
B002PMV9FG|2.0|Among other disappointments with this movie was the ending. In the book Harry is immobilized and cannot do anything when Dumbledore is killed. In the movie he is not even immobilized and he just stands there and does nothing! The Harry Potter I know would in no way have just stood there and let Dumbledore be slaughtered. He would have tried to come out of his hiding place, screamed, tried anything to save him! The entire ending of the book was simply left out, too,as Dumbledore's death is just sort of glossed over. And where were all the questions in Harry's mind as to how Dumbledore could not know that Snape was on Voldemort's side? These questions Harry asks himself are extremely important to what is to come. Finally, is this a Harry Potter story or just a love story? I think the makers of this film wanted to appeal to the teenagers in the audience rather than make a faithful adaptation. I thought this was the worst of the movies yet.
B0017HV05E|5.0|From the beginning and incredulous, a boy surviving in a life boat with a tiger?! Yea right.   But within 4 pages in I was hooked and could not put the book down, I read the whole thing for five hours and even cried a little at the end (it takes a good book for me to do that).  I lent the book to my mother who initially was skeptical, like me. She is also an English major so she is also critical of language, sentence structure, and format. Having her help with book report was lets just say \\"unpleasant\\".  She loved the book, she even was uncertain if the book was fiction or true she loved it so much, she kept checking.     I will not give away the ending but I will say this is great read for young and old. Religious or Atheist, Animal lover, biologist, and the young and old.     If my mom loves it.. its really good!
1881273156|5.0|This book has a lot of good information and little ways to improve your relationship.
B001TODCII|3.0|Byron Mills is an ex soldier who moves to California to be closer to his daughter. Now he has a quiet existence and works moonlighting as a part time body guard for a pop stars. His daughter goes to Paris with a friend and within hours of arriving is kidnapped by Albanian pimps who sell young girls in to the skin trade, and Neeson has 96 hours to find his daughter before she completely disappears forever. This springs him in to action and where the action starts. Many action scenes and bodies later, you have a satisfying conclusion. This movie ended quite accidentally on my DVD queue because I generally steer away from movies about the skin trade and terrorism, two genres I feel have been killed mindlessly. I watched this movie and was pleasantly entertained. Okay, this is not the most fantastic storytelling but the 96 minute running time passed quickly for me. Liam Neeson finally delivers a audience friendly movie which is instantly derided by critics. They would rather have you make mindless drivel which is only understood by them than a movie that endears you to the masses. If your movie becomes a success, they will then start accusing you of selling out. I think this movie will be enjoyed by all; you will be taken not by the script but by the treatment. 3 1/2 stars 111909
B002Q9VPFM|5.0|One of the most visually interesting and complicated stories brought to the screen this year.  Watchmen captures the heart and visceral feel of the original book and brings it to amazing life on the screen.  The Ultimate Cut makes the most of the director's and crew's work with the intertwining of The Black Freighter animation in place of the comic panels from the original.<br /><br />If you are a die hard Watchmen fan, this is the version to buy.  It includes all the singularly released items, Under the Hood, The Motion Comic, and has a digital Download as well.  And Amazon has the best price!
B0013FSL0C|4.0|Is this show good? No, it is not, it is a great show. Great acting from all the leads, especially Byrne. Keep your anti-depressants next to you. This show has me depressed so I try to limit my dose to the minimum, i.e watch it only in the day time and a episode at a time. The show keeps on getting better as it progresses because the viewer finally starts to get more insight in to the personalities of the patients. Most recommended.
B002ZE85YW|4.0|for the movie itself, i give it 5 stars. I loved Terminator Salvation. But overall, the Director's cut was kind of a let down.     the regular version is exactly 115 minutes, Director's Cut is 117 minutes. THe only real added shots in the Director's cut is a surprise terminator attack at the beginning of the film (when Connor leads his men down the water filled tunnel), a bit more Connor speach where he mentions his mom right before \\"then what is the point in winning\\" and the \\"nude\\" shot of Moon Bloodgood.     the 2nd disc features 2 Terminator Salvation features. the 1st one is solid, called \\"Refocusing on the future\\". This feature runs about 20 minutes and is pretty neat, but way too short. Clerks 2 for exampled had a feature that ran over 1 hour covering everything from pre-production to post production.    the 2nd feature has about 4 short (3-5 minutes each) features that talk about the moto-terminators, the return of Arnold, the use of the Air Force in helping with the film, etc.    Overall, the movie is awesome, but the DVD Director's cut is a let down when you really think about it. They really could have just stuck everything on one DVD instead of 2.    for this reason, 4 stars.
B00164KYV4|3.0|A similar movie was attempted many years ago, I think it was Love Actually. This movie sketched the lives of many different characters and their love lives. This movie follows the escapades of different individuals in Baltimore. It has a cast of several notable name, Drew Barrymore is an executive producer as well, Jennifer Aniston etc. The story line in brief Ben Affleck, the boyfriend who does not want ot marry Jennifer Aniston Bradley Cooper who reluctantly falls for Scarlet Johannsen while being happily married to Jennifer Connelly. At the center is Ginnifer Goodwin from HBO's Big Love who is guided in the rules of the dating game by Justin Long - Remember the guy in the Windows versus Mac commercials. The central argument that this movie is trying to make is that men are not in to marriage and women yearn for commitment. Acting is professional, one could expect that from such a star roster. But Gigi played by Ginnifer Goodwin Shines. It was a ordinary movie for me, and the running time of 129 minutes made the movie bearable.
1416905014|5.0|i received today this book, its amazing the details, and it has all and more that i thought, the wait was worth it to finally see it in my hands, its a christmas present and if i loved it the person whos getting it is gonna love it even more 5 stars its not enough :)
B0018M6J90|5.0|I love the time period, the acting was great, story entertaining, romantic, can't wait for Mom to visit so we can watch it together. Some adult story, but no worse than the average sit com,
031237593X|5.0|A timeless classic so superbly crafted - truly a mighty novel. All history lovers would become enraptured. Five stars Ms. Penman!
B002NWRMVS|2.0|With the release of \\"The Fall\\" Norah Jones and (mixer/producer) Jacquard King have given us a cheap, synthetic version of the real Nora.  Instead of the slow, bluesy songs that emphasize Norah's beautiful vocals they have given us upbeat, rock-style songs that don't suit Norah's style nearly as well; instead of the usually subtle musical accompaniment that allows Norah's vocals to carry the songs we are given overly loud music that intrudes on her vocals; instead of her naturally beautiful voice we are given some kind of studio reverberation effect that disguises the sultry tone of her voice.  Instead of featuring Norah's piano, which has always been such a perfect accompaniment to her vocals, we have been given intrusive drums, electric guitars and synthesizers.    To the extent that these changes are a result of King's influence this has turned out to be a disasterous pairing for Norah.  To me, it just doesn't make sense for her to move away from the beautiful style of music that has made her such a unique and successful artist to join the \\"dime-a-dozen\\" rock/pop crowd -- unless she's targeting a younger audience in which case she is doing so at the expense of alienating her existing fan base, which has been responsible for buying 20-30 million of her three previous albums (not songs -- albums).    Having waited over two years for another Norah Jones album I feel cheated that with this one I didn't get the NJ I know.   There is not one song on it that I feel is worth adding to the NJ playlist on my MP3 player.   I still love Norah's work, but definitely won't be waiting for the next one with the same level of anticipation.  My (somewhat selfish) HOPE is that whatever she was going for on this album won't work out and with the next one she will return to the style of music that made her so unique and successful in the first place.  For Norah, less is more.  All she needs to bring to the table is her voice, her piano and a few good songs (more Jesse Harris please) and everything else will fall in place.  My FEAR is that that NJ may have departed and that makes me sad -- almost as if I've lost a good friend.
0385337388|1.0|This book was hard to make it through...kept thinking it would get better.  Really? Nurses and doctors sleeping together? How cliche
0553212443|5.0|This is obviously a classic in every respect! I'm very pleased to have finally gotten the chance to read the original. Each magical little retelling has been pretty brilliant for me, and it's all because of this wonderful little book!   I trust that you probably already know the story (and if not, that you can see the premise in another review), so I'll just focus on my experience on the read through. And what a delightful read it was! I laughed a lot through the opening (so clever and funny), I truly shuddered as the ghost of Jacob Marley was walking slowly up the stairs and dragging the chains behind him (really scary!), and I beamed my way through the last act-so thrilled for the outcome (that, by the way, we all already knew was coming...but the way it's written here makes it an even more joyous chapter than I expected). All in all, it's a grand Christmas book and timeless piece of literature that I would recommend to anyone.  Just as a side note about the Bantam Classic edition also-this is a wonderful, small book with an enchanting cover (as you can see from the Amazon picture). The binding held up wonderfully for me through my first read (it still looks brand new). As a bonus, this version also contains a small biographical sketch on Dickens and a story about him reading this book aloud at a public reading. I haven't checked to see if the other editions also contain this material, but I definitely found it to be an asset to this one. You can't beat the price, either.
0385339089|4.0|Normally, I'm not into the legal kind of books like this, but John Grisham did an excellent job. The Client is one of the best books I've ever read. Taking plate in Memphis, Mark Sway, eleven years old, and Ricky Sway, eight, were out in a forest by their trailer home, having a cigarette, when suddenly a nice car pulls up. A lawyer, knowing the whereabouts of a wanted body, drunk and wanting to commit suicide, pulls young Mark in after catching him trying to stop his suicide. Eventually, the lawyer tells him where the body is, and Mark escapes. After witnessing the lawyer shoot himself, Ricky Sway goes into shock, and him, Mark, and their mother end up in the hospital. By now, word has gone around, and Mark is well threatened, by the Mafia, and by prosecutors. And with a single, desperate dollar, hires a lawyer, Reggie Love, who will risk anything for her client.
B002NPUCP8|5.0|Solid guitar driven rock.  Plenty of empowered-girl attitude.  A whole lot of fun to listen to.
0847830942|1.0|This book covers only French bicycles.  I was extremely disapointed to find no Italian, Swiss, Dutch or Austrian bicycles.    If you are interested in French bicycles specifically, this is a fine book, otherwise, give it a pass.
B002NPUCIA|5.0|I almost missed a classic. I hope to keep this short and to the point, but there is so much to say about BC's latest accomplishment.  A long time fan of his music, and having had the opportunity to hear him live in 2005, this is absolutely amazing. Along with Jeff Lorber, Oli Silk, and Brian Simpson, Brian Culbertson influenced me to learn the piano and understand this art form. When you get an understanding of the keys and how to breakdown the complex into the simple, it only makes you smile when you realize what is being presented here. Essentially, you have music being dedicated to you and yours, alone. The decision to make a CD/DVD, live, without the presence of a live audience, is an experience that gives new meaning to the expression, \\"Music to your ears.\\" The imagination is not needed to appreciate this musical delicacy because your eyes are invited, Live From The Inside.<br />You will enjoy this.
0307269981|4.0|I absolutely loved The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and was thrilled to get this book.  I really enjoyed it although it is quite different from the first one.  This book is all about Lisbeth and her fight to take charge of her life.  We learn a lot about Lisbeth's childhood and the things that happened to her.  We also learn her survival skills when she seems to take on the world single-handedly.  I love Lisbeth.  She is a truly unique heroine and that in itself is enough to make me want to continue reading the next book.  Sadly, that is the last book in this series, but I look forward to reading it.  This novel has a storyline that grips right from the beginning and does not let go right until the very end.  Larsson really knew how to tell a story and how to develop believable and realistic characters.  This book is rated by the New York Times as one of the best books in 2009, and I agree with that rating.
B001794FOK|3.0|My first blu Ray movie. I usually like time travel movies. So this movie is a great movie to watch. Good story line and concept.
B001GKJ2E8|5.0|Believe the laws of physics don't exist just for a moment and sink yourself into this incredible assasin fraternity fantasy.  Very entertaining!
0553381695|5.0|George Martin's series, including \\"A Clash of Kings\\", is complex, intense, with a wide range of characters, each of whom the reader follows with increasing interest.  His fantasy world, based on medieval Europe, comes alive.
031606792X|1.0|This book was the climactic disappointment in a slow downhill slide through the second and third books.  So disappointing, that I cannot finish.  No wonder I found this book at the thrift store!  The sweet, chaste affair of Bella and Edward that was both hesitant and strong somehow jumped from just able to suspend disbelief in the vampire-human love concept to horror movie screenplay.  As a mother following her teenaged daughter's reading habits, I am shocked.  I admit to having a weak stomach; these images are not the ones I want in my head, my daughter's, or anyone else's.  The honeymooning turns bad faster than you realize.  Please pay attention to the negative reviews that verbalize the horror I can't!!
0882709194|5.0|I could not resist reading the reviews and ignorant diatribes from \\"Pseudo-Science worshipping Evolutionists.\\"  You only had to read the first several reviews to quickly see that they are not about defending \\"Science\\" but rather their religion called Evolution and their Icon Darwin.  It strikes me as oddly funny that they accuse the author of slander and lies, and yet they proceed to do that very thing in their reviews.  I challenge all people to actually read ALL of Darwin's \\"Origin of Species\\" book... it would be hard to deny the intro to this one then!    It is also plain to see here but not commonly known as I see it, that many people who present themselves as intelligent by using big words and long winded diatribes, rarely have any actual facts to back any of their boasts. And almost always accuse the other side of the very thing they lack, ironic if not deceitful.  Which makes debates with them quite easy.  In fact most of those speakers are more concerned with \\"sounding intelligent\\" instead of what fact or logic they actually intend to speak or write.  If recorded and repeated back to them, commonly it is laughably ignorant and full of self-contradictions, as is here. Which is why I could not resist laughing for quite some time and writing this review.  I rarely waste my time with all the endless blogs and such as are out there because people that are defending their \\"god\\" what ever it may be seldom are able to debate using reason, logic and respectful dialog. I include many who call themselves \\"Christian\\" too. Bigotry, Ignorance and Intolerance is limited to no group or individual.    If one takes only a little bit of history into the study of \\"Hitler's Youth\\" or any of the communist regimes of the past 100 years, to read up on the propaganda machines of those movements you will find such striking similarities if not direct quotes from even those here.  If one wishes to think and live for them self and have such freedom to do so, I suggest we remember the past so as not to repeat it. If we allow others to dictate what we are ALLOWED to read, study, and learn then we are doomed to live out the failures of the past.  Sadly we call ourselves \\"educated\\" or even \\"enlightened.\\"    As for the book, I liked it enough to buy over 200 copies myself (shipping cost more than the books) and give them away with other friends and their 200 copies free to all the foreign and local students over here in the United Kingdom (Darwin's home of origin) in Cambridge to all the local colleges here where I currently live. Lets just say, of the 400 copies that went out in 45 minutes, only one came back mutilated just like the book mutilating/burning Nazi's and Communist of the past centuries, as certainly many of those giving reviews here would side.  You will find in history that very few who agreed and participated in the burning, mutilation of books and the refusal of free and equal education, will clearly not be a society you would ever want to be in.     Respectfully...
B001FB4VXU|5.0|so funny...smart, laugh out load, so much better than anything on t.v...i promise, much funnier than any reality show
0385504225|2.0|-----SPOILERS-----    The plus is that for the most part, The Lost Symbol kept my attention and I was able to finish it in three days.  It was fairly entertaining in that I could see it like a movie, which it will probably be made into.  On the minus, it was formulaic, predictable and repetitive.  As with any Dan Brown book, it was chock full of interesting facts and information but after a while, it became a repeat lecture of the same facts.  The biggest disappointment, however, was that there was no big secret.  The \\"Lost Word\\" is nothing more than the Bible hidden beneath the Washington Monument.  Breaking News: This is what the Masons are guarding with their lives.  But my how it was built up for the reader!  I was expecting this wondrous, mind-blowing revelation.  What a let down.  I just couldn't understand how Peter Solomon could put everything at risk to protect this of all things.  Even at the climax, he still gave the lunatic Mal'akh/Zachary the wrong word to imprint on his head.  Out of fear of what?  That he would go out and get a Bible?  Heck, the loon probably needed some JC in his life.      Another thing I found bothersome was Peter Solomon's behavior after the dust settled.  The man just found out his son had come back from the dead as a twisted monster to exact a cruel and vicious revenge on him, and then watched him die a horrendous death again.  So tell us Peter, how are you going to respond to this traumatic event?  Duh, I'm going to have an intellectual debate with my bud Robert Langdon and then I'm going to take him sightseeing right now at this very moment.  But that's not all, I'm going to blindfold him along the way because I don't want him to know how to get to this secret location called the Washington Monument.  What a cheap suspense device to a complete let down, Mr. Brown.  I had actually guessed that the hiding place was under the Washington Monument half way through the book and I am no expert on anything related to the Masons or symbols.  So I couldn't fathom how Robert Langdon, selected by a madman as the only man on earth who could solve the Masonic Pyramid's encrypted message, couldn't figure out where in D.C. there existed a large stone, with a pyramid shape, surrounded by two concentric circles, carved with a message, named after a prominent Mason, etc. etc. etc.    I will say again that there was a lot of interesting and fascinating information in the book, the most notable being the part about Noetic Sciences.  I definitely think that bit provided some food for thought and I personally look forward to seeing some of the breakthroughs that are mentioned in the book.
0385504225|2.0|I was on board for the whole story up until the end of the book, which I can't identify - it was supposed to be either a third act or a denouement (it is written as a screenplay in all except for format and the inclusion of unspoken thoughts). The author doesn't so much end the book as he does stop writing.<br /><br />All of the little logical gotchas that take you out of the story and draw attention to flaws in the plot - all that stuff is there in much greater force than in previous books. And the solution to the nominal goal - where is this mysterious staircase in D.C. under a great stone building - is telegraphed from the beginning. Also Malach's secret identity was obvious from the beginning of his backstory. The most interesting thing that keeps the pages turning is the little cryptogram contained in the Masons' Pyramid, but of course that turns out to be a huge letdown.<br /><br />I'd summarize the entertainment quality of this book like this: it was just barely worth my time, no regrets yet, but if Dan Brown's next book doesn't come back up to the level of craftsmanship I'm used to, that will be the end of my interest in his books.
B00005QGAT|5.0|Off the Wall is no doubt an unequivocal classic and easily one of the strongest pieces in Michael Jackson's catalogue. The album opens with \\"Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough,\\" a track brimming with falsetto, percussion, and breezy harmonies. Written by Jackson himself, it is an early example of that unparalleled rhythm behind so much of his best work. While he often used that to express claustrophobic paranoia (as on \\"Billie Jean\\"), here the results are purely joyful. \\"Workin' Day and Night,\\" also penned by Jackson, repeats the trick almost as well. Rod Temperton contributed three songs (\\"Off the Wall,\\" \\"Burn this Disco Out,\\" and \\"Rock with You\\"). They all rank among the best Michael ever recorded. The title track begins with a Thriller-like cackle before breaking down to an undeniable disco beat with a remarkably infectious chorus. \\"Burn this Disco Out\\" is the perfect album closer and showcases the rare deeper end of Michael's vocal range. Then there's \\"Rock with You,\\" a contender for the greatest performance of his lifetime, his voice gently gliding along the groove. \\"She's Out of My Life\\" is a stark and beautiful ballad. Stevie Wonder wrote the vibey \\"I Can't Help It,\\" which initially seems inconsequential but ultimately proves just as expressive as the ballads and dance numbers. Michael didn't simply sing these songs; he inhabited them. His voice is an element within each track, and whenever it takes the forefront, it never sounds forced or superficial. Off the Wall is Michael Jackson at his most fun. It is arguably his only record with no strings attached: top to bottom disco and pop from one of the most talented teams in music history (Michael, producer Quincy Jones, and some phenomenal session musicians). The album is often cited as Jackson's best. While I personally believe that title belongs to Thriller, Off the Wall is equally essential. 5 Stars.  The Remastered edition features impeccable sound quality, two intriguing demos, and some less interesting interview clips with Quincy Jones and Rod Temperton.
0385504225|4.0|The Lost Symbol will have you sitting on the edge of your seat with bated breath, wondering what's going to happen next, fingers crossed that it's not what you think it will be.  It's an intriguing fast-paced read that will sometimes leave you short of breath.  Dan Brown masterfully weaves old myths and truths about the Freemasons into his extraordinary tale, thus giving the reader an exciting history lesson along with this fabulous read.  It will leave your imagination running wild.  I found his presentation of Noetic Science to be fascinating, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since.<br />On the surface, \\"The Lost Symbol\\" is just another thriller, but, especially towards the end, Dan Brown turns it into so much more for the attentive reader.  He asks intriguing questions that have no answers.  And then he proposes answers.  He preaches the importance of unity, open-mindedness, and understanding, and he manages to do this without proselytizing (although it did at some points feel didactic).  One of the key themes of \\"The Lost Symbol\\" is religious tolerance, and Dan Brown presents a convincing case that really, all religions are one and the same.<br />I'll say something I've said before: There has been quite a bit of hoopla over whether or not Dan Brown is actually a good author or whether he just got lucky with \\"The DaVinci Code.\\"  I can't say.  I don't feel I have any kind of qualifications to judge whether or not an author is \\"good\\" or \\"bad.\\"  What I can say is that I loved \\"the DaVinci Code,\\" I liked \\"Angels and Demons,\\" and I loved \\"The Lost Symbol.\\"  It kept me excitedly turning pages until the very end, and for me, that's what's most important about a book.  It also taught me something and made me curious to learn more, which, again for me, is also extremely important in a book.<br />That's not to say that it was perfect.  There were times when it got extremely repetitive.  Someone had a revelation, and in the next chapter a different person had that same revelation, and in the chapter after that, another person would be having that revelation, and so on. . .  You catch my drift.  There is also the small problem of Robert Langdon himself.  I get that he's a skeptic, but I think Dan Brown took his skepticism too far in this book.  He would take ages to come to some completely obvious understanding, just because he didn't believe it could be true.  He's supposed to be a smart man, but at times, in large part because of his over-played-out skepticism, I sort-of thought he was an idiot.<br />Still, in the end, it was exciting and anything but slow.  An utterly enjoyable and informative read.me revelation, and in the chapter after that, another person would be having that revelation, and so on. . .  You catch my drift.  There is also the small problem of Robert Langdon himself.  I get that he's a skeptic, but I think Dan Brown took his skepticism too far in this book.  He would take ages to come to some completely obvious understanding, just because he didn't believe it could be true.  He's supposed to be a smart man, but at times, in large part because of his over-played-out skepticism, I sort-of thought he was an idiot.    Still, in the end, it was exciting and anything but slow.  An utterly enjoyable and informative read.
0374530718|4.0|This was a great course on Philosophy 101, easy to understand most of the time and it used great examples. I would recommend this book for anyone who is curious about the history or what philosophy is. the only thing I disliked was the main characters development towards the end of the book.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|The writers get the nerd culture and the actors, especially Sheldon, make this comedy work.   Also, Penny is smokin' hot!
B002P7UCMC|4.0|Great album, each song has a different mood, the singing is at the best.  I was a little bit disappointed by Reise,Reise and Rosenrot, but Liebe Ist Für Alle Da is a great coming-back!
B000MPOF4K|3.0|There is no real description, so ....<br /><br />Traditional Afternoon is a blend of Kenyan, Assam, and Ceylon teas from the 'Direct From England' line. It is bright, full-bodied and strong. [It is close to the English Breakfast blend.]<br /> Traditional Afternoon is bold, brisk and refreshing.<br /><br />Twinings Classics line blends Keemun and Ceylon teas for their English Afternoon Tea.<br /><br />Keemun is considered to have the best flavor and one of the best aromas.<br />[It is what the Queen drinks. That's a good thing.]<br /><br />Description:<br />[[ASIN:B000F4DKAI Twinings English Afternoon Tea, Tea Bags, 20-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)]]is a medium-based blend of Keemun and Ceylon black teas and has a medium flavor strength.<br />A brisk and lively black tea with the flavor of smokiness and earthiness combined with elements of sweetness.<br /><br />Both of these teas are excellent, BTW.
1569242739|5.0|I haven't tried any of the recipies yet, but they look super good! Easy instructions, ingredients that are easy to find. It pleasently suprised me by having two recipies for glueten free eaters, but I wish they had put in a few more!
B002QGUFWE|3.0|Did anyone else receive the double CD set with one of the CDs being the regular Fame Monster CD and not the Extra Tracks CD?
B001AVCFK6|5.0|for movie and normal star trek fans, this will be great fun. i got the BR version and it's spectacular. watching the planets turn into black holes was cool!'  i also enjoyed seeing the characters when they were younger and less disciplined.    the time travel and alternate history aspect was very interesting to me. i didn't know how they would keep the  franchise fresh, but they did it! i just wish shatner made the picture as old kirk and got to meet his younger self! that would have been awesome.   i enjoyed all of the actors portrayal of the individual characters. McCoy, scottie, kirk, uhura, sulu, chekov, spock.........they did a great job! i found McCoy and scottie and kirk particularly entertaining.  now, there seem to be many \\"psycho trek fans\\" who were upset at the story and portrayal of the characters. i don't get that. i found the story interesting and easy to follow. it also leaves the door wide open for a whole new ST history and more new movie adventures.  it was good sci-fi fun.     any hardcore trek fans expecting a rehash of old trek history should probably steer clear - you won't be happy with this. but if you're looking for a \\"new\\" trek........this is it!!!
B002NWRMVS|3.0|I'm afraid to say but The Fall is my personal disappointment. I've just thought that there is the time for a new album of Norah Jones. I also have all previous three CDs and some DVDs. Norah Jones remains anyway an outstanding artist but something gone lost in this record. Still unique and recognisable sound but not surprising, compare to first releases.
B002LBKDYE|5.0|Absolutely, one of the best documentaries I have ever seen. Watching and supporting this film is way more important than any charity you could ever think to help. However, it breaks my heart, that because the food industry is so heavily designed to prevent people from knowing the truth, most people will stay ignorant of these truths.<br /><br />Corn, Beef, pork, chicken, fast food, lobbying, lawsuits, monopolies, over-weight, unhealthy chemicals and bacteria, diabetes, poor for the environment, bribed government officials and politicians, illegal immigrants, forcing your employees to remain silent about how they operate- It is all worse then you can possibly imagine, and it could be fixed if people started voting by how they spend their grocery money, and getting the government to stop protecting these insanely greedy and corrupt industries!<br /><br />I am not getting all mushy and saying don't eat, or being kinder to the animals (though they show how that could be better here as well.) What I am talking about is how unhealthy mass-produced food is for you, America and the world. These large companies treat their employees, the animals, the competition and the environment like their worst enemies.<br /><br />This program shouldn't keep you from eating what you want, but I sure do hope it will get people to support the companies that do things right, and that it will get the government to turn its eyes on the companies that don't and force them to have a conscious. One of the most important documentaries you could ever watch. In fact, it should be mandatory viewing for high school students if not everyone. Highly recommended.<br /><br />Other Favorites: Inconvenient Truth, Sick-O, Sick Around the World, Wal-mart: The High Price of Low Cost.
1416583408|5.0|What a great book!  I have more fun watching my puppy than I did before, and I really enjoy watching her play with her \\"friends\\"!!  You will love this!
B001FB562U|5.0|Forget about the movie fantasy 2012. The Road is the real picture of what really could happen come 2012 with the solar storms, etc. The movie 2012 makes it too easy. The Road could be ( most likely will be ) the real picture: gray, cruel, compasionate, hopeful, evil... Real humanity at its best. Reality check to the fact that, yes, we are animals after all. And really cruel at that. A must WATCH for now people...
B0026P3G12|5.0|I, like so many viewers were wowed by Susan Boyle's initial talent show appearance on TV, however, I did not expect that there would be many more songs to follow the chillingly beautiful performance of \\"I Dreamed a Dream.\\"  This CD has shown that Susan Boyle has the chops and vocal range to conquer a very mixed genre of music.  On this CD we find that she is not only adept at her signature selections, but she has excellent presentation on some old stand-bys, as well as such well-loved spiritual music as \\"Amazing Grace, Silent Night, and How Great Thow Art\\". I have played the CD many times, and cannot find one thing to criticize.  I hope that Ms. Boyle starts to tackle other genres of music such as rock, alternative, and New Age.  Perhaps someone will have the vision to record her performing some hip-hop.  Who knows were her incredible voice and courage will take her?  I will be purchasing this CD for all of my friends for holiday gifts.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|I was lucky to experience Leonard Cohen live in Copenhagen October 2008; the same tour as this release. Cohen's band was unusually accomplished and there was throughout the long concert a warm and intimate atmosphere. Cohen himself was in topfrom and joked with the audience, a part, which is reflected in these recordings.<br /><br />At no time during the concert I felt concentration failing me, a thing which often occurs to me during long concerts. It was simply a joy to listen to this accomplished band, not least the three excellent female vocals and moreover the sound in the hall was perfect - everything down to the smallest guitar plunk from Cohen could be heard.<br /><br />This CD restores to a big extent way to the great experience, though such an event never quite could be reproduced on a CD.<br /><br />The vast majority of numbers sounds at least as good as the original studio versions - some even better. The arrangements of the newer numbers are broadly familiar, while several of the older songs had been changed to band format.<br /><br />The repertoire is nicely spread out throughout Cohen's long career, with particular focus on the major albums \\"I'm Your Man\\" and \\"The Future\\". The debut album \\"Songs of Leonard Cohen\\" is also nicely represented with four songs.<br /><br />From the Copenhagen concert \\"Waiting For The Miracle\\" and \\"Heart With No Companion\\" are missing, but is otherwise the concert was identical to this album's track list.<br /><br />There is really no reason to highlight individual tracks, since everything is excellent, however I must admit that I particularly enjoyed the beautiful vocals from The Web Sisters and Sharon Robinson; not least on \\"In My Secret Life\\".
B000007XUQ|4.0|I remember being somewhat disappointed in \\"Christmas Portrait\\" when it originally came out in 1978, mostly due to the prominence of the chorale. It didn't feel like a Carpenters record to me -- it was the Hoop-de-Doo Chorale with Special Guests, the Carpenters. Except for a few tracks, I really didn't play it all that much. Of course, I was only 18 at the time and not ready to appreciate a lot of things, including pleasantly arranged chorale music. However, I DID reasonably expect that I was buying a Carpenters album...after all, it was labeled as such...and there's something to be said for truth in advertising.    When Richard put the second, posthumous collection together, I was of course eager for anything new from Karen, even if that was only the occasional lead surrounded by more Hoop-de-Doo. In some ways I liked it better than the first; why \\"Little Altar Boy\\" was left off \\"Christmas Portrait\\" is beyond me, as it is without question among Karen's most touching and hauntingly spiritual vocals ever. That only reinforces my original belief that if Richard had kept the focus of \\"Portrait\\" on Karen and ditched the Hoop-de-Doos, the result would have been a much superior, and definitively Carpenters, album. The single version of \\"Santa Claus is Coming to Town\\" also belonged on \\"Portrait\\" -- not the chorale version. What was he thinking...?    Putting both complete albums into one collection is a good idea. There were outstanding songs on both. That said, for my money Richard could edit away at least 50% of the Hoop-de-Doo singers, pare this set down to one CD with only those songs that prominently featured his sister, and it would be the album that should have come out in 1978: an all-out masterpiece that truly celebrates the genius of the Carpenters at their finest.
0545123267|3.0|Plot: When Grace was a young girl she was dragged into the woods by a pack of wolves where she would have presumably become wolfie lunch if it hadn't been for the mysterious intervention of another wolf. Ever since that day, Grace and her rescue wolf share a strange bond with one another. After many years spent staring at and dreaming about each other, Grace and her wolf Sam are thrown together after another wolf attack on a popular boy and the violent retaliation brought by the town.     Grace learns that the wolf she's been pining for is, lucky for her, actually a handsome human and he's in love with her. True to the genre, Sam is, predictably, troubled: he is scarred by his past and terrified of his future. In Stiefvater's world, werewolves only change from human to wolf so many times before they are permanently stuck in wolf form, and Sam's time as a human is quickly running out.     There are a few subplots concerning the popular-boy-attacked-and-turned-werewolf, the continuation of the werewolf line, and one of Grace's friends, but the main plot focuses on Sam and Grace's bittersweet relationship. The characters spend most of the book lamenting the fact that they will have so little time with one another, wishing to be the form the other is stuck with, and exploring their relationship.      Originality: While a lot of people accurately compare this book to Stephanie Meyer's Twilight series, I don't think it is fair to say this is a rip off of Twilight. Stiefvater's story is significantly different and her characters, while certainly sharing some similarities, are distinct enough. Sure the are similarities, but I chalk those up more to sharing genres (paranormal romance, YA) and therefore classic genre features than to direct cribbing.     The werewolf story is far from new, but Stiefvater's interpretation and handling is unique: instead of the moon or even whim, the wolves' change is brought about by temperature. Stiefvater gets points for originality with this twist, but unfortunately her creativity didn't stretch far enough to provide enough supporting details to make this feature workable. As it stands, what could have been a great and new twist on a worn genre turned into a vehicle for gaping plot holes and a lot of frustration on the part of this reader.     Writing: Good points? I tend to like short chapters and alternating points of view. That said, Stiefvater only succeeded in the short chapter department. Her attempt at alternating views did not work (to see an author handle this technique very well, read Wendelin Van Draanen's [[ASIN:0375825444 Flipped]]--another excellent YA relationship book, though not paranormal). The temperatures printed at the top of the chapters was neat. While not writing related per se, I really liked the cover and coloring of the book--very atmospheric and aesthetically pleasing.     I did not like Stiefvater's writing style. She mixes simplistic, declarative sentences with forced metaphors and purple prose. Neither work well, but the combination is especially jarring. Poetry in both Sam's appreciation for poems and songwriting and in Stiefvater's attempt at poetic descriptions and prose and actual poetry-dropping are woven throughout the book, but in all ways it falls embarrassingly flat. Sam's spattered lyrics and flowery thoughts smack of bad, cringe-inducing adolescent poetry. It is almost painful to read at certain points. I have read other authors who have pulled off this style, but Stiefvater's attempt just didn't cut it.     While the juxtaposition of Sam's metaphors and Grace's clipped sentences was probably supposed to provide a distinction between the alternating voices of the characters, I don't think this worked well at all. The differences felt too forced, creating trite caricatures instead of fully developed personalities. None of the characters were fully drawn, or, if they were, they are among the most two-dimensional and DULL characters I have ever read. Grace was much worse than Sam in this regard, but both characters lacked the essential depth that makes a character come alive and off the page. Hundreds of pages later the author had provided barely any better understanding of her characters' thoughts, fears, hopes, dreams, hobbies, interests, reactions, etc than she had laid out in the beginning of the book-- and they weren't laid out very clearly then either.     All of these characters are thin and watery. They, particularly Grace, lack the basic passion that separates humanity from robots. Sam does show emotions, but the more I got to know Sam, the more he came across as a whiny weenie. Grace shows almost no emotion throughout the book. She reports feeling certain things--like loving Sam, but the reader never SEES or FEELS these emotions in her. Her parents ignore her, so much that she almost died not once, but twice due to their negligence, and yet she does not seem to care. \\"Oh, yeah, my parents won't notice. No, they don't care. *shrug* Want to watch TV?\\" She is a teenager for crying out loud! Angst and acting out are supposed to be the status quo when everything is fine and dandy yet this girl feels nothing when her parents and her friends flat out ignore her. Maybe I misunderstood and the sci-fi/fantasy aspect of this book isn't Sam being a werewolf, but rather Grace really being a robot. That would explain a lot. Others have criticized the unrealistic nature of Grace's parents' apathy, but what I find even more unrealistic is GRACE's complete apathy.     While on the subject of not-so-realistic, I have to bring up the relationship between Grace and Sam. I just have one question: Why? Why do they like one another, let alone LOVE one another? That's not really explained, and nothing in Sam or Grace's \\"personalities\\" provides any clue as to why anyone would fall madly and deeply in love with them (or that either are capable of falling in love, especially madly or deeply). As the reader, I certainly don't feel anything for them. The author TELLS me these characters love each other, but she never SHOWS the characters feeling love or warranting love. \\"Show, don't tell\\" is a basic point of Writing 101, but Stiefvater seems to have been absent that day.     Overall impressions: This book is character-driven and largely revolves around the romantic relationship between Sam and Grace. Consequently, the lack of a more central, action-driven plot combined with Grace's ambivalence and the lack of depth in all of the characters leads this book to fall pretty flat. If this book were a color, it would be a bland tan. The twist on the werewolf tale partially redeems the book, but the holes it creates hurt the story almost as much as the originality helped.     Recommendations: I would have given this book one or two stars but I bumped it up to three stars because I think younger teen girls might like it more than I did (I am 25). Those who liked Twilight might like this book as they are both easy and light character-driven romances with paranormal aspects. Twilight, however, had more passionate and alive characters (well, not necessarily living alive) and the action in Twilight, when it eventually came, was fun enough. Twilight was quick, angsty and obsessive, whereas Shiver is slogging and depressing and conjures feelings of hibernation. I digress, but my point is that if I were to recommend this book to anyone it would be to those who like Twilight.     If you're looking for a YA romantic werewolf book that's well worth your time, I recommend Anette Curtis Claus' [[ASIN:0385734212 Blood and Chocolate]] (the movie was an abomination, don't judge the book by the movie) instead of Shiver.
B002OFWG7O|5.0|I've loved the brilliance of Dave Grohl and the Foo Fighters since their first album.  If you are a fan of the Foos' than this is a nice oollection of some of their best songs. The only complaint I have is that it probably should have included more hits. Although, the new songs Wheels and Word Forward are Great!
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|Great series to enjoy without blood, guts and gore.  Humor, fisty characters and family oriented viewing.  Each personality enjoyable and plots interesting.  Refreshing and you can finish a program without feeling  beaten up and emotionally drained.
B001P5HI4A|5.0|Looked for years to find Barbra DVD's.  Many are out of stock or out of print.  Was so happy to find this one.  Amazon is the place to shop!  This shipped fast, was well packaged and in perfect condition!  I love it!
B00005QGAT|5.0|It was great then...it's great now.  This is how I want to remember Michael Jackson.
0792835700|5.0|Happy to find an old musical in DVD.  Shipped fast. Not a foreign remake. Well packaged. They just dont make em like Gene Kelly anymore!
B001DE29SS|5.0|Downey is brilliant as Chaplin.  Chaplin the man is fascinating as well.  A very well made film.[[ASIN:B001DE29SS Chaplin (15th Anniversary Edition)]]
B002MXNMLM|5.0|The set is packaged fabulously. The t-shirt is cool, the beanie cap warm, the trading cards fun, the stencil, although I will not use it, a neat idea, and the metal lockbox very kool. Now on to the music. The cd is great, with extra tracks and fun stuff. The music is great. The additional dvd is ok but I wish we had gotten maybe a complete concert either audio or video or both instead of a bunch of random crap. Otherwise I think it is great!
0307473473|5.0|This is one of the best 2 books my husband and I have read in a long time - the other being \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\" (2nd in the trilogy).
B002NXSRVG|3.0|When this movie first came out, there were several complaints about this being an Anti American movie. I couldn't believe it because if there was any movie that is pro America I would think it'd be GI JOE The All American Hero! Having watched the film, I can now see their point. It wasn't anti american, but there was a coldness to the film. The dark body outfits, the lack of display for the American flag, recruiting members from around the globe rather than using America's Finest soldiers... it seemed to stray from the original concept. Films are increasingly becoming way too dependent on CGI and having futuristic advanced technology in storylines to push a film, and its a shame. The storylines are suffering as a result. I also have to say the acting in this film is as bad as other reviewers state. ITs watchable, but there are cringe worthy moments. Not entirely the fault of the actors though since the dialogue throughout the film is too simplistic. I never watched the cartoon series, but I have to say the most interesting characters in the film were the ninja characters, Storm Shadow and Snake Eyes. I did enjoy their childhood flashbacks and if this film gets a sequel, Id like to see them play bigger roles. As a kid, I do remember the Baroness character being much more devilish, stronger and having more of a dominant presence than this horrible choice of an actress picked for this film. Its like they recruited actors from The Hills to play these parts. In spite of all the complaints, it was still something Id watch again just for the sake of having something to watch. I was entertained and its a good action movie for anyone who's into action films.
B002T4ZET2|4.0|A fun, complex plot with believable characters (well, Salander is a little too good at her hacking).  While Larsson tries to tie up all loose ends, I do have a few quibbles ( Warning: I will be giving some of plot away).  Since Martin did not share the \\"religious\\" ideas of his father, why did he bother with the crypt when dismembering the cat as a warning, or was he trying to confuse Michael?  Michael, p. 396, tells Henrik that if Anita had killed Harriet, they would have found body years ago, but earlier in the novel they realized a body could have been taken off island in the trunk of a car.  Finally, I don't  believe Salander has Aspergers and my wife, who has worked with autistic children, found the definition of Aspergers on p.399 questionable.
B001IF5YLQ|4.0|The connector works as advertised but if there is any substantial movement of the MAC it can (and has) come loose. Apple should have provided a second DVI port on the card so as to avoid the need for the connector.
0330449605|5.0|This is the second book I have read from this author. It was an excellent book.  I look forward to reading her new book that comes out soon.
B000009PNY|3.0|just as you'd expect from a 3-star review, there's some really cool stuff and some bad stuff on this album. i read a lot of reviews and i've concluded the 5-star people are kidding themselves. 5-stars? there's definitely some crap on this album; but it's worth buying if you're familiar with and like most DM singles. and the 1-star people...wow. so shallow. way too obsessed with what they think DM and their songs should like. they just cannot handle a fresh interpretation of some good songs. some songs i like the original better; some songs i like the remix better. either way, it's an interesting album    just for fun: next time you're entertaining some friends play \\"stripped\\". put the track on when no one is paying attention. now time how long it takes before someone says \\"what the f**k is this crap\\"    but there's a lot of cool tracks too ;)
B002LK3DUQ|1.0|Couldn't get the \\"Digital Copy\\" to work on the Mac. Maybe a hacker could download the necessary additional software but I'm not.  Recommend getting the regular one disc version which I've done.
1423101472|5.0|I was originally drawn to this series when I noticed the captivating cover art for the first book - The Lightning Thief - while in a local Barnes & Noble.<br /><br />These books are captivating. They really draw you into what's happening. -- You feel like you're right there with them.<br /><br />-- If you're looking for something to read next, try [[ASIN:1440140715 The Journey of the Nightisans]] by Rebecca Linam. This involves a group of young people on a quest; however, it's not your typical \\"save-the-world\\" story.<br /><br />The \\"leader\\" is not the hero. A magician in the group is allergic to magic. There are both serious and humorous aspects. It's a lot of fun. When you're finished, as with the Percy Jackson characters, you're left wondering about what might happen next.<br /><br />M. Camp, Author of [[ASIN:B0033PR83Q Relevantly Random]]
B002NXSRVG|5.0|Ok, first of all I loved the look of this movie and the idea of GI Joe.  Having grown up watching the cartoons and playing with the toys, I have to say that this and transformers were the two most anticipated movies of the year for me....although in the end both [[ASIN:B002O5M4T4 Angels & Demons (Two-Disc Extended Edition)]] and [[ASIN:B001AVCFJM Star Trek (Two-Disc Digital Copy Edition)]] stole the year for me.<br /><br />From an adult's perspective, I'll tell you why:<br /><br />- Transformers 2 was a big giant advertisement for the US Armed Forces (every war machine in the US arsenal was featured)<br /><br />- GI Joe was a big giant advertisement for the United Nations (very eerie)<br /><br />I can understand Hasbro's dilema, GI Joe was marketed in the US but it was also sold in the UK, Germany, France etc so they had to give it a more worldly treatment.  There were rumors the Joes would be HQed in Belgium (big no no from my side) and in the end they wind up being based somewhere in Africa.  With technology available today, I think they could've easily done 5 movies with the Joe's HQed in whatever country the movie was released in (why not?).<br /><br />The other thing that detracted from the Joes for me was that the action sequences were eeriely similar to the Transformers scenes. In one scene the Joes are running down some street and they have this slow motion leap where they're dodging bullets and debris.  I swear that was the same scene from Transformers where the Transformers do the exact same contorted leaks (did they just replace transformers for Joes and use the same CGI rendering code?)  I wonder.<br /><br />So at the end of the day, I have to say that the movie breaks down as follows for me:<br /><br />PROS<br />- great special effects (on par with Transformers, feels like they used the same CGI artists)<br />- Dennis Quaid (I'm a big fan)<br />- fast paced story<br />- cool special effects (worth saying twice)<br /><br />CONS<br />- embedded political ideologies<br />- shallow character development (except for the ninjas - that was good)<br /><br />Agewise:<br />- if you're between 10 and 18 this movie is probably just great<br />- if you grew up with GI Joe, you'll probably enjoy but you'll likely see the politics<br /><br />Overall, I enjoyed the GI Joe Movie but I had a real hard time getting beyond the political propaganda being peddled.  In the end for a grown guy like me, Star Trek and Angels and Demons were more entertaining but hey, I'm an old guy.  If you're young, probably transformers and GI Joe were where it's at....but definitely give Star Trek a try.<br /><br />At the end of the day Star Trek was the best movie of the year, albeit it has its own set of political ideologies embedded in it.od)    Agewise:   - if you're between 10 and 18 this movie is probably just great  - if you grew up with GI Joe, you'll probably enjoy but you'll likely see the politics      Overall, I enjoyed the GI Joe Movie but I had a real hard time getting beyond the political propaganda being peddled.  In the end for a grown guy like me, Star Trek and Angels and Demons were more entertaining but hey, I'm an old guy.  If you're young, probably transformers and GI Joe were where it's at....but definitely give Star Trek a try.    At the end of the day Star Trek was the best movie of the year, albeit it has its own set of political ideologies embedded in it.
0385504225|5.0|I loved to read all of Dan's Brown novels. I always finish his books in a matter of days, and that to me is a good thing.
B000002AGN|5.0|Didn't know where to put this, but my wife and I attended \\"A celebration of the Sacred\\" at Immaculate Conception Church in Cranston, RI yesterday with none other than Dave Brubeck and the quartet, Bob Militello on alto sax and flute, Michael Moore on Bass, Randy Jones on drums.  Dave turns 89 today and he is off to the Kennedy Center in DC to receive a Lifetime Achievment award.  The program will be broadcast on December 29 (PBS???.don't know). In any event, Dave and his crew were just fantastic and the program was 2:30 in length with about 1,000 in attendance celbrating the opening of a new school by his great buddy, Father Ronald Brassard, the pastor.  Half of the program was most of Dave's old standards, including some Chopin he played on a trip to Poland for Pres Eisenhower as a tour of Eastern Bloc Countries. He still has the old touch. If you can Google the church, you might be able to get a copy of the program from Fr. Brassard. (P.S. Send him a donation..my recommendation..not his)      Sorry to interrupt your review of this album, but I think I just died and went to heaven last night and wanted to share this info somewhere.
0385504225|1.0|This is an excellent book if what you want is to fall asleep as rapidly as possible. The story moves pathetically slow without purpose; as if the author is on a quest to fulfill a page count commitment to the publisher.     Tolstoy's War and Peace and Solzhenitsyn's Doctor Zhivago, were slow starters, as the authors colored in character personalities and situational awareness. Ultimately, however, the full glory of the cast was realized and the magnificence of the stories became crystal clear and reader appreciated.     Not so with The Lost Symbol! It just droned on and on until finally it mercifially stumbled to a close.    Joel D. Smith  Huntington Beach, CA
B0026P3G12|2.0|I'm sure Susan Boyle's producers wanted a variety of styles on this CD so it would appeal to the broadest segment of society.  There were maybe two songs that I LOVED, but the rest left me cold.  I hope her sophomore album concentrates on whatever genre she would like to be known for so the public can decide whether or not to be serious fans.
B001AEF6BI|3.0|Watching it again recently for the first time in years and years, I realized that this film firmly belongs on the \\"Should Have Left a Good Memory Alone\\" list. I guess it helps if you are as full of teenage angst as everyone in this film is or if you still believe that everyone fits neatly into geek-jock-freak etc. categories. I'll take Ferris Bueller, Planes Trains & Automobiles or Sixteen candles anytime but The Breakfast Club just doesn't do it for me anymore.
B001G549C8|1.0|I have seen the movie many times and was very disappointed in the quality of this version. While the  original move is wonderful this version is not one to purchase.  Amazon would do well to remove this from their inventory as the picture quality is poor, the dialogue is out of synch and the sound is uneven.
B002MW50KY|5.0|The album is wonderful.  Arrived on time in great condition.  Only question is:  How can I purchase more of the greeting cards?  Only five were included in this set and I would love to buy more.
B0026P3G12|3.0|This woman has a great voice, and her phenomenal backstory was a huge, myth-making moment in popular music.  Ms. Boyle has pretty good taste, judging from the song selections here, if indeed she has done the choosing.<br /><br />However, and this is just personal, I wish there had been more variety in the arrangements, and that she had picked some more uptempo numbers.  I think she could have rocked a bit here and there.  I can do completely without yet another version of \\"Amazing Grace,\\" and like so many other vocalists, Boyle has missed the point of \\"Cry Me A River.\\"  It's not a sappy ballad, but a gutsy, angry torch song (why do so many singers not get the lyrics of this piece)?  Ending the CD with a Christmas song was a dumb idea, too.<br /><br />On the positive side, it was pretty cool to hear her tackle Madonna and The Monkees, and on the gospel tune, \\"Up To The Mountain,\\" Boyle really cuts loose near the end, showing us how powerful and moving she can be.  Likewise, \\"Wild Horses\\" is heartbreakingly gorgeous (the best song on this CD).  The title tune was inevitable, and no doubt, it will be her signature song for a long time to come.<br /><br />Based on the success of I DREAMED A DREAM, there will surely be at least a second CD, if not more to follow.  I hope Susan Boyle's next effort will be more creative and adventurous, that there will be some drums (or at the very least some rhythm), and that her producers will steer her further from the middle of the road.  I believe Boyle is capable of so much more than is offered here.
0060794410|5.0|One of the best business books I've \\"read\\".  The audio quality is great.  Mr. Collins is great at reading his book.  The pace was excellent.  The concepts can be applied to any organization, family or business. The book left me wanting to know more about Fannie Mae and Circuit City, but otherwise a timeless work.
B0029O08WA|5.0|This soundtrack is even better than the first soundtrack, if that's possible.  The music is dark and brooding but fits perfectly and is fun to listen to.  These soundtracks are the best things about the movies.
B0029XIWCY|5.0|This set is a European budget edition of the more lavish US box. Discs are in simple cardboard sleeves; the 10 of them and the booklet fit neatly in a cardboard box the size of a thick jewel case. Another review incorrectly identifies this as a Definitive Records (Spain) issue. However, this is genuine Sony Music, Legacy series. The sound is as good as the US edition. Extra tracks (alternative takes and airchecks) start on disc 7 and take up the last three discs, as on the US edition. The booklet contains full production notes, an alphabetical song index, and Gary Giddins' essay \\"Ladies Day\\". Another essay by Farah Jasmine Griffin describes literary references to Ms. Holiday. The sound on these 2001 remasters is excellent: hi-hats and bass are easily heard. The sound is possibly as open and natural as it will ever get. I am very pleased with this set.<br /><br />Although Billie's Columbia recordings have been reissued many times and in many formats, the one used here with the sessions complete as far as master takes are concerned is most pleasing as it preserves the mood of those sessions without getting bogged down. Among the delights: songs that somehow never get featured on Billie Holiday compilations but contain stellar performances by the accompanists can be enjoyed side by side with the better known ones. Any of these ten discs (and especially the first six) can be appreciated as fine representations of the music of the era. For that reason, and while this complete set is available at budget prices, I recommend it over pick-and-choose three or four disc compliations. For a concise listening experience, the 2-CD reduction Lady Day is excellent (good selections and flow) and also recommended. Another recommended set (1-CD) is \\"A Musical Romance\\": Although by no means representative of everything she did during the Columbia years, it nevertheless manages to capture the essence of the period and some of her best work with Lester Young. The CD keeps you engaged andwishing the romance never ended with each passing song.
B002DKGWSE|4.0|My husband and I enjoyed this movie.  It was full of supense and a wonderful illustration of how fair one would go to protect themself.
B001IAOEXU|4.0|I bought these triggers from amazon and the shipping was swift and the packing was quite good.  The triggers give you better grip on the triggers. My fingers used to slip off the triggers too often with the ps3 controller. These triggers have a slight concave curve on them which makes it easier to use and much more comfortable.  Note that it will take a few days to get used to these triggers after fitting them. I had trouble getting used to them and they kept scratching my fingers when I was holding the controller. Now, I don't even notice that the triggers are on it and it feels much better. For $4, it's a pretty good buy for those who think the ps3 controller sucks for FPS and racing games.
0800177177|5.0|I saw Bram Stoker's Dracula in the theatre when it first came out.  I think this version and movie is the best Dracula to date. The acting cast, sets, plot and story line including costume design were outstanding. I purchased the movie from Amazon and watched it on Halloween night. We happened to have a strange 70 degree so warm with wild winds that night in New England and the rustle of all the leaves outside I could hear through my open windows was the perfect setting.  What a blast watching this movie with the atmosphere that night. Excellant experience. I would high recommend this version~
B001KVZ6FW|1.0|Without any reference to the quality of the movIe, the DVD version of this movie - at least the single disk version - is pathetic. When you pop it in, it start playing the movie, no menu. \\"Sound\\" and \\"Subtitle\\" buttons on the remote aren't responsive _ nor do \\"menu\\" buttons - and turning on SDH on the TV has no results either (despite promises on the DVD case). I expect DVDs in this day and age to come with subtitles, especially when they *say so* on the back. Pathetic release.
B000BNX4MC|3.0|Ordered my dvd with no problems. Received it 3 weeks later with a smashed box but the dvd worked fine.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|Michael always had a talent for knowing good music and knowing how to put it together.  There are hundreds to thousands of songs that have never been released because the producers didn't think they were good enough.  Michael always knew how to make a song and performance please the crowd as well as be pleasing to his ears.  Those of us that supported Michael, knew he had a talent like no other.  He had a heart that was made of love.  He showed his love thru his music.  If you watch the movie or even seen the trailer, he lets people know its all for love.  The poem that he reads on this CD just makes you want to cry.  He tells it with such feeling and empathy for whats going on in the earth.  As always, its PURE musical talent on this CD.  Would love to have more acapella music from him and you can hear the wonderful tones that Michael could sing.
B002LK3DUQ|5.0|This DVD will have you laughing and crying all at once.  If you are a dog lover it is even funnier.
B002QH2NUA|5.0|I am not a Beatlehead, nor am I a Wings expert. But as a classic rock junkie, I had to get this set. And even though we've had plenty of Paul live CD's (I attended the 1989 Paul tour), this one contains enough amazing material and has Paul in great voice. This young backing band kicks some butt. And the song selection is pure magic. My favorite is \\"Let Me Roll It\\", a Wings nugget oft overlooked by classic rock stations. The version shines here. Buckle up. This set concert is a party with enough authentic nostalgia to take you to 1964 and back. Paul is live. And he does it at age 67 with enough flair to make you winder if he's found the fountain of youth. This is worth every penny. It's also music history 101. Anyone who attended is now part of rock music folklore. God bless Paul.
B00168OIOE|5.0|I just thought Monsters, Inc. looked good on DVD.  This Blu Ray edition of the movie is nothing short of spectacular.  The 4 disc set is a must own for fans of this movie!
6305428042|5.0|at 45 years old this is my most treasured Halloween video.  Bette Midler is a trip.  love it...again thank you amazon.com...  Mike
B000A2RRF4|5.0|I have never seen Michael Jackson in concert, but the excellent quality of this dvd coupled with Michael Jackson, himself, really makes you feel that you are there.  I have always enjoyed his music and dancing, but watching this concert really brings it all together and it is a great tribute of the creativity and genius of Michael Jackson. I think anyone who enjoys his music on any level to his biggest fan would want to own this dvd.  It is truly amazing to watch and listen to the audience's reaction to him, it really makes you feel the excitement and feel that you a part of the audience. Each and every performance is total perfecton from his music to the choreography. I have watched it seveal times since I bought it a couple of weeks ago, and each time I watch it only confirms what a genius he was and that he truly was and will always be the \\"King of Pop.\\"  Each performance on the dvd is a masterpiece and shows the perfection that he expected of himself to give to his fans. I could really just go on on how great this is, but I really don't think any words could do it or Michael Jackson justice, you have to watch it for yourself and feel the Michael Jackson experience.
0812550706|5.0|I've read this book many, many times. It is the book I've most often recommended to others and have bought this book multiple times after lending it to others and not getting it back. I hope this is eventually available in Kindle edition and I will buy it again.
B00003CX7L|4.0|The movie was new as listed, however, since I was buying this movie for my grandson's birthday - the shipping took way too long (based on the e-mails I was getting on shipping status).  The movie actually arrived 1/2 hr. before his party - luckily I found the movie at a local goodwill shop to give as his gift!  Not impressed at all with this buyer and I have bought a lot of things from Amazon!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Amazing! Easily one of the most beautiful albums I have ever listened to! Susan's talents show through far more so than in the 2 or 3 songs you may have heard on Britain's Got Talent!    From a very torchy Cry Me A River that trumps Judy Garland to Wild Horses, a stunning remake of a Mick Jagger honky-tonk little diddy made into a haunting ballad that will never be forgotten!    Even Jagger said it was better than his own recording! Better?!! It's from a different planet!    This gal can do it all... obviously with great arrangements and orchestration! But her voice sounds like that of a 20-something phenomenon... crystal clear, wide-ranging, magnificent!!    She takes Daydream Believer, cuts the tempo in half, and what you hear truly sounds like a dream!     Then onto Madonna's You'll See... and you will finally see that this was a very well written piece of music... but Madonna's voice was a tad thin, to say the least!    This is the best $[...] you will ever spend on vocal music... if you enjoy talent and are sick of the mediocre junk (say 75%) being produced today in our ever-declining pop culture!
B001FB55HQ|4.0|just wanted to let everyone know that target is selling the directors cut on dvd. i think it's the only place you can get it.
B002NOAF9W|5.0|The box set is amazing. The extra tracks are very good. The dvd is great, too. I recomend 100%. It´s a five stars release. The Stones are the greatest rock and roll band in the world!
B002HWRYJE|5.0|After the embarrassing debacle that was the Star Wars prequel movies, the consistent failure of other long derelict TV show reboots on the big screen, and the diminishingly interesting Star Trek spin-offs....I really didn't expect much from this movie.   I was wrong.  This movie delivers a punch, and manages to cover every base.    The bases, in this case, is the entrenched canon of 40 years of TV, movies and books.   The movie manages to fully acknowledge the past, making a little fun at just the right points, but never showing a lack of respect.  It delivers a punch in that the cast, the acting, the action and the whole movie -- are all very good.  I don't say that lightly either, it just all comes together in a nearly perfect mix.    Now, I'm sure that there is Klingon speaking guy in a unitard who can cite numerous inconsistencies in canon, and points of blasphemy with Lord Rodenberry's view of things.   So what?  Really people, Star Trek is not real.  This is a fantasy world where people fly around in space ships.
B001FB55HQ|3.0|While I agree the movie is OK if you are above the age of 15; however, I share the disappointments with Warner Bros.'s disregard for suppling their CLIENTS with the normal, expected Dig Copy advertised.  IT IS NOT INCLUDED and you have to go on-line, down load the instructions onto your own media, then follow the instructions to finally say something you sincerely hope the kids did not over-hear. For me, who installs multi-user accounting applications, grew wary with everything that had to be done in hopes that my son may get the dig copy by Christmas.  As if the holidays aren't stressful enough!    Disneys/Pixar's UP, FOX/20th's Museum @ Smithsonian, Paramount's STAR TREK, etc. digital copies were all INCLUDED inside the package, along with activation codes.  SIMPLE, getting what you're paying for!  I like that - a LOT!    However, I agree with a lot of other reviewers:  We consumers are getting nickel & dimed to death with taxes (ok, wont go there), with upgrades that should have just been offered at the get-go.  But to continue to buy multiple copies of the same movie to get an alternate ending, deleted scenes, director's what nots is getting tiresome.  MS has built an empire perfecting this.  I urge the struggling movie industry to just DO THE RIGHT THING:  Give us what we want right from the get go, it is worth the extra buck.  My life can't be revolve around a movie!?  I'll just keep watching Star Trek and Battle at the Smithsonian movies.  BOTH ARE EXCELLENT and I received EXACTLY what I \\"thought\\" I was buying.  As the kids' say:  Awesome!    KIS,S
B001FB55HQ|1.0|This disappointing mega-music video version of Mad Max is one long romp through ruins.  Confusing and disjointed, frequently frustratingly illogical, it comes out boring, even with all   the well-done CGI mayhem. Said mayhem is non-stop, becoming a mindless blur of disjointed   human and robot body parts flying nowhere.     After the first two in the series, this one is even more of a disappointment, fans should see   this as a continuation of T3; motivated by simply aiming to exploit the Terminator name.   At least Amazon had the consideration of dropping the price to $9.99. Small consolation.
B000ILYYJE|1.0|This review is concerning the recent price drop only.  Today I received my set, and guess what?  The box has been changed, no more \\"peephole\\" or \\"view-master\\", etc., just a plain ole square box with lame photo reproductions of the previous (and now destined to be a \\"collectors item\\") deluxe and unique packaging.  It's not that I don't understand the reasoning (price deduction vs. manufacturing costs), but the fact that the order/product page still refers to the \\"clever packaging\\"......BUYER BEWARE!!!<br /><br />June 22, 2010.  I want to clarify that I DO think the set now is a better deal, and would rate it as is at 5 stars.  My complaint is from a collectors viewpoint, if you're going to repackage an item in simpler packaging to lower the price and make it available to more fans, GREAT!, but don't give the impression you're selling the original deluxe version when you're not......
B0015DWJX2|2.0|This book is an enjoyable little read. About half way through the reader begins to realize that the characters are not realistic, and that the story is predictable. The reader continues because the story and the characters are warm and fuzzy.  BEWARE if you are a Christian reader. The only Christian portrayed is a cruel, narrow minded, busybody. All other characters are portrayed favorably. Considerable effort went into de-Americanizing the text, and it worked for the most part. As a Brit, I found some slips into American phraseology and terminology, but none too painful. I wanted to rate this higher because of its readability. But, as soon as I finished the book I found myself disappointed and disheartened. I began to think the authors had a message to impart that had little to do with the novel itself.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The first time I hear her voice I got captivated, for very long time I haven't feeling as I felt that day, my eyes flooding full of tears and stayed listing her sing over and over again, what amazing voice she has, also I think she has that invisible link that a very few people have to connect them quickly and forever with sensible souls around the world that love the Gods music... Music to enjoy... Her voice is so beautiful and smooth that is for the hearing as the silk for the skin... love you Susan, thanks for give us this delightful album on this Christmas.
B000002OAZ|5.0|Old time blues is great, but when an old time blues singer gets better technology and a back up band who worrships the ground he walks on, the stage is set for the perfect album.<br /><br />London Howlin Wolf Sessions from 1969 is this album. Wolf went into the studio with Eric Clapton, Klaus Voorman, some of the Stones, all the guys who started the British Blues Boom and took the music Wolf helped invent to the bank.<br /><br />The tracks here are old standads for Howlin' Wolf; \\"I Ain't Superstitous,\\" \\"Who's Been Talkin'\\"; everything here is a number Wolf did in the 1950s.<br /><br />But these are no redos. All the young musicans here were working from the core of 1960s rock. They played louder, had better instruments, better training, and were informed by not only Wolf, but the Beatles, Hendrix, James Brown, and the million other influances a 60s rock musican--who was sitting on top of the world--could soak up in the era of musical cross-polination.<br /><br />All this makes Wolf's music sound blaring and cosmipolitan and funky. That round, flexible and full sound the band gives these standards is a far cry from the rural nuance these songs had in the 1950s.<br /><br />Yet this is pure and faitful blues, and the pros, who don't give this music a whiff of cold professionalism, soak up the essenace of the music.<br /><br />And the Wolf.
0688014291|5.0|You would be surprised, you probably already know someone in your office that fits this perfectly, it can give you great insight in how to work with them.
B000U0F7RG|1.0|Like another reviewer, my set had one disc that did not work!  (The last disc of season 5.)  It's heartbreaking because this disc has several of my favorite episodes on it.  I hope the manufacturer takes another look at the DVD authoring process and corrects this error.    The set itself has clunky, outsized packaging.  Lengthwise it's about the size of a loaf of bread, and it's puffy.  I mention this because it can be kind of a hassle when some of your DVDs can't sit neatly next to the others.     The show itself is wonderful, though.
1439102813|5.0|This book was so well written....it was interesting to hear of Alzheimers through the eyes of the person it is happening to.  I highly recommend this book!
B000002JKS|4.0|Say what you want about Robert Plant, but the guy just will NOT sit creatively still. Here was a guy who could have set up a power trio after Led Zeppilin split, and became rock's favorote Bon Jovi. But Plant was just far too classy and smart--besides, having a mountian of cash means you do whatever the hell you  want.<br /><br />So he took the experimentation of Zeppilin and just kept running. The 1980s synth production of Shaken and Stirred sounds dated now, but is refreshing to hear, even as 2010 creeps up, as a contrast to the Zeppilin cataloge--which, essential and wonderful as it is,  can sound overplayed.<br /><br />And it was not as though Plant went all pretty pretty pretty on us, or even abandoned rock. Most of the songs here could be Zep tracks, Plant just translated his rock writting through what was cutting edge tech in 1985. That was the risk, far more so than if he had just made another rock album.<br /><br />Close listening shows the synth use here is very creative--very intricate with all kinds of time changes and texture webs weaving in and out. This is a far cry from, say Wham or Modanna or any gloss idol of the era. If anything, this has the progressiveness, if not the sound, of embryotic acid house of the era.<br /><br />Fantastic album that sounds as good today once you accept the production.
B001J53X9U|5.0|I was really surprised to find this on Amazon for $8 from a partner seller, but it has been a great deal; the digital copy worked and it was really the blu-ray, unopened. Sorry I am keeping this short but this was a great movie.
B001UN1KVE|1.0|I'm sorry I gotta keep it real, this is with out a doubt one of the worst movies I've ever seen period. just horrible
0060987464|3.0|The Long Hard Road Out of Hell reveals that Marilyn Manson is not a product of his environment. Everything that you believe about him is the result of a carefully calculated plan to become the world's most shocking musical and visual artist.<br /><br />He succeeds in repulsing readers with stories of drugs, fetishism and violence - but tries too hard to convince his audience that he's demented. Unfortunately for him, there's nothing scary about that.<br /><br />On the plus side, this book dispels rumors and gives fans insight into his motivations. It's not a great rock autobiography, but it's not bad either.
B00000I0XW|4.0|In the \\"The Andrew Lloyd Webber Collection,\\" Sarah Brightman, ex-wife of the composer Andrew Lloyd Webber sings a selection of his work, all of which are well done but a few are outstanding. Brightman gets to display her considerable range in these selections. There are several selections from \\"The Phantom of the Opera.\\" Of these selections \\"The Music of the Night\\" is especially well done. I was not familiar with \\"Love Changes Everything\\" but found this to be one of the strongest selections on the CD. I realize this sound odd, but her version of \\"Don't Cry for Me Argentina\\" was probably the weakest selection on the CD.  However another selection from Evita, \\"Another Suitcase in Another Hall,\\" was very well presented. Only on a few selections, such as \\"Memory\\" does a slight screech begins to emerge from her usually warm voice. Yet, `Pie Jesu' was perfect and the entire collection ends with `The Music of the Night', her strongest performance.
B002MW50KY|2.0|In the pantheon of truly strange and unexpected Dylan albums this one stands head-and-shoulders above the rest.  I have to agree with some of the other reviewers: Dylan's smoky rasp of a voice is still ideally suited for his own music, but singing these Christmas standards that rely more on melody than phrasing shows his current limitations.  The younger Dylan would have been able to pull this material off effortlessly; but for Dylan now it's quite a stretch.  Still, the arrangements are excellent, and the money does go to a good cause, so I hope the album does well.
B0026P3G12|1.0|Here is a novelty act who has received huge sales based on a sentimental back story.   Be pitiful and sell records is the message.The music is boring and only adequately performed.  Good enough for a charity-buy, but not good enough to have to listen to.I have heard better performers in the subway station who probably had good back stories too.The power of reality TV hype and youtube community trumps all musical concerns. Well,this time next year she might not have a sad story to depend on. Oh wait, Simon will think of an angle for the save.  He knows he cannot underestimate popular taste.
0810983915|5.0|My grandson had read several books by this author and was delighted when this one became available. He really enjoyed reading it and got his younger sister reading the series also. I love giving the gift of reading for my grandchildren.
B002PMV9FG|2.0|When a movie of a book is made it's understandable that not everything in a 400+ page book is going to end up on the screen. However, I can see no reason why the film can't contain most of the key story elements. The first two films, directed by Chris Columbus, did very well at this. However, subsequent films tended to veer away from Rowling's genius-level storytelling in order to emphasize pet interests of the producers/screenwriters/directors. Whoever was responsible for these messes has a lot to apologize for. Obviously, they are going after market, changing the stories to suit what they perceive as the prime audience for their films, and presumably they conceive of this audience as largely never having read the books. All sorts of extraneous material is introduced and key Rowling settings and subplots are left out. And it's not just a matter of what's left out but of focus. Key gut-wrenching climaxes in the books are breezed by in the film, in order, I suppose, to pack in more teenage angst. Anyone with even a modicum understanding of storytelling ought to be able to come up with a screenplay that preserves the focus of Rowling's storytelling, particularly the breathtaking drive toward the final climax, which is a keynote of her stories and among the best in the biz. It astonishes me that this should be completely ignored by the makers of the Harry Potter films. I am tempted to attribute this to an intentional effort to drive more profit out of the various properties, but a niggling suspicion lingers that they are just inept and clueless, yes, and rather egotistical to imagine they can better stories, which emerge from Rowling's pen, compelling, dynamic, and in every way worthy of the worldwide phenomenon they have created.
0793563836|5.0|I started playing bass two months ago and I had already used their Guitar Method, so I decided to try this book.    The book is very confortable to use, thanks to how it is bound (with rings), so that you don't need to force it so that it stays open at a certain page.    Also, it starts slowly but quickly gains in momentum, teaching the newbie many things that will be useful for other instruments (such as note duration, different beat times and music notation).    It also comes with many great examples, some in the accompanying CD, so that you can practice and have fun. I also have bought the books \\"Easy Pop Bass Lines\\" and they are also invaluable, as they present you with songs adapted to different levels, so that you can start playing some famous songs with the bass almost from the very beginning.     At the moment, I am finishing Book 1 (the method has 3 books) so I don't know how far the method goes, but if the Guitar Method is an example, then it sure will be also very interesting for intermediate players.    (and now in Spanish, my native tongue)  Este libro es muy bueno para el principiante, ya que te lleva, de manera ordenada, desde los principios básicos de la música y del bajo hasta un nivel intermedio y te hace el aprendizaje divertido desde el principio. Aconsejo también comprar la serie de libros \\"Easy Pop Bass Lines\\" para completar el método. La encuadernación de este libro, con anillas, te permite también usarlo y tenerlo abierto sin necesidad de dañarlo... Una gran compra para el principiante, e incluso diría para el que ya sabe tocar algo de bajo.
B000068FY0|5.0|Listening to many songs by Supertramp was like looking in the mirror at ourselves and our world and seeing the aspects either hidden from view or not considered before. Musically Supertramp was able to deliver these melodic beauty moments which flow straight into our hearts and souls. Their lyrics suited their powerful music perfectly and played a major role in the development of many personalities of us growing up in the 1970s. The thoughts of especially Roger Hodgson but Richard Davies as well are some of the most inspiring to me personally. When I got my first audio editing and disc burning software back in 1996 the first thing I did was compiling the songs of Supertramp I loved.<br /><br />Although my favorite two songs by Supertramp might be located on their 1977 Even In The Quietest Moments and another one on 1975 Crises? What Crisis? I consider this album from 1974, Crime Of The Century as their most even album overall. This was as close to a progressive rock concept album as Supertramp was ever going to get. The action of this play might appear to be insanity. However, beneath the surface the real concept was to lead the listeners into believing the above and to open their eyes within the last songs to the fact that most of us are the actors, our world is the stage and the lack of love is the reason (for this show).<br /><br />My favorite songs of this album are: Crime Of The Century, If Everyone Was Listening, Hide In Your Shell and School. If Everyone Was Listening is starting to explain the concept of this album to us. I find this song musically powerful in the typical Supertramp way, with plenty of quiet and loud parts intermixed. Lyrically it tells us that perhaps being proper citizens does not make us human beings in its full meaning. Crime Of The Century is excellent musically, with a middle instrumental symphonic section on par with the one we can find in Fool's Overture or A Soapbox Opera. This is my favorite song of this album and its words (especially by now in 2009) sound to me like a prophecy so clear to see. We do have ourselves to blame for the direction our world has taken. We are running to get there faster and faster but we are loosing clear vision of where we are heading, more and more. We have become perfect consumers of gadgets and reality shows, to the point where we - the ones in the driver seat of this global tour bus... on a national level (and hello England) have paid with our freedom for what we think we need. We are maxed out on our credit cards, are mortgages are under water and...what have we got to show for it? What tremendous experiences have we gone through in the last decades that make that debt worthwhile? Are our children smarter and happier that they were 25 years ago? Have we invested the money into their future? Greed (hello New York and London) and stupidity (hello Hollywood) has taken us for a ride on a global and personal level. The lyrics of Hide In Your Shell are spectacular. On the surface this song might appear to be addressing some poor thing we feel sorry for, but let's get a bit deeper into it and all of a sudden Hide In Your Shell could be addressed to all of us walking across these fields of life with our guard on, expecting the worst from the ones we pass by. Well, but that is what we are supposed to do, right? Local media is full of horror stories about psychopaths and perverts and criminals, and we do have the duty to protect ourselves and our loved ones, and teach our kids to stay away from harm. Well, yes...and no...because such attitude develops the space we are in. Perhaps focusing on cause more than effect could start changing the latter. Some of the simplest but strongest lessens in my life I have learned in my Sunday school when I was a little boy... You can't expect people to trust you if you don't trust them; open your heart to others and they may open theirs to you; give someone something for nothing if you can, so perhaps they will do the same and we canstart improving our status quo. Looking at this song from such prospective all of a sudden is so much more meaningful. School starts this album and I have always loved the music of this song and find it very powerful. This song is addressed straight to the young, and rightfully so. They are our only chance...we are way to far gone and our credibility is gone. My favorite songs of Supertramp are the following: Babaji, Lord Is It Mine, Fool's Overture, The Meaning, If Everyone Was Listening, A Soapbox Opera, Even In The Quietest Moments, Breakfast In America, School, Give A Little Bit, Child Of Vision, Hide In Your Shell, Two Of Us, Gone Hollywood, Crime Of The Century.our status quo. Looking at this song from such prospective all of a sudden is so much more meaningful. School starts this album and I have always loved the music of this song and find it very powerful. This song is addressed straight to the young, and rightfully so. They are our only chance...we are way to far gone and our credibility is gone. My favorite songs of Supertramp are the following: Babaji, Lord Is It Mine, Fool's Overture, The Meaning, If Everyone Was Listening, A Soapbox Opera, Even In The Quietest Moments, Breakfast In America, School, Give A Little Bit, Child Of Vision, Hide In Your Shell, Two Of Us, Gone Hollywood, Crime Of The Century.
B0024F08RO|5.0|I bought this DVD for my older daughter for Xmas and she is just going to love it.  the prices and shipping are wonderful. thank you.
B000002513|5.0|I don't live in New York or Jersey or even in the states. I live in Switzerland, but there isn't a single line or a single note on this album that doesn't have something to do with my teenage years, or my early twenties.<br /><br />I had a New York City Night more than eight years ago, that included almost everything Springsteen talks and describes in a number of these songs. \\"The Wild, The Innocent and The E Street Shuffle\\" is one of those pieces that, to paraphrase from Cameron Crowe's Almost Famous, \\"you love so much it hurts\\".<br /><br />Rock, Jazz, Soul it's all there and will always encapsulate my deep love and gratitude for Springsteen's music and my own little adventures and experiences that I had so far in my life. It's an album that works as a mirror, a dream or a faithful companion. The rough musical edges are its charm and the words are simply perfect. It's one of those albums where hopeless romantics can be fools and heroes at once, pine for a better day and walk towards the morning light with their heads high, knowing that the sparks flew as they claimed their place in the world.<br /><br />Everything else is the compromise of life that lies a ahead. But here, within these seven songs, you can just shout out \\"I'm here, I'm alive and I shall be whatever I want to be\\".
159562015X|5.0|Highly recommended, the results were very accurate and helped me a lot. I always used to try to improve my weaknesses instead of capitalizing on my strengths, this is a very great read, and the online survey is great, get alone in a room with no distractions at all (turn off phone too), and give it about 35 minutes to go through it.
0385342020|4.0|3.75 Stars<br /><br />Lara Lington is 27 years old with a headhunting business that's threatening to fall apart after her best friend and business partner left for a holiday and decided to extend it till further notice. Idealist, and with perhaps a stalker-streak (see: Josh) she suddenly finds herself conversing with a ghost that happens to be her great aunt, Sadie.<br /><br />Sadie, upon dying after 105 years, returns as a 23 year old ghost, befriends her great niece Lara, and gives her the task of finding her dragon fly missing necklace. Apparently, Sadie can only talk to Lara (unless she screams herself hoarse in someone's ear) and while Lara is an almost stick by the rules kinda girl, Sadie is a bit on the wild side - a twenties flapper.<br /><br />I wouldn't say this is one of Kinsella's best, but I did enjoy it. It was kind of boring in the beginning but then picked up, fortunately.<br /><br />I liked the parts with the twenties slang and talk (and clothes). I've really been intersted in that era recently, and the book reminded me of an episode from The Brady Bunch (where they all dressed in twenties style clothes for a charleston dance competition).
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan, if you're reading this, I LOVE your CD. I Dreamed a Dream still brings a tear to my eye every time I hear you sing it.     I would LOVE to see you do an entire Christmas CD for next year - and some duets with male singers, maybe Buble or Bocelli. Or even Il Divo.    I wasn't expecting the religious songs, but I grew up Christian so I liked them. How Great thou Art is very underrated. Beautiful song.     Great work - I'm excited to see what you come out with next - another idea - I know people may be \\"expecting\\" Broadway, but a Broadway album would be good too, even with songs that people are not necessarily familiar with (eg, \\"I am what I am\\" from La Cage Aux Folles (sp)). Dust in the Wind was also pretty cool when Sarah Brightman did it  - maybe another idea.     Great job - you reached your goal - making your fans happy, at least this one.
0451528018|5.0|Perhaps the best known, most adapted, and (bowlerized) of the Conan Doyle Sherlock Holmes stories, this one has it all, and this edition does it justice.  You just cannot put it down and it has everything: mystery, horror, even (possibly) a werewolf and a real link to human relationships.  Doyle even explores the idea of nature versus nurture and \\"bad blood\\" coming down the aristocratic line along with a cursed house.<br /><br />The movies, and TV shows have gone all over the map with this story, but it is best enjoyed if you can read the original, since no scriptwriter can do justice to Conan Doyle.<br /><br />The final treat to this goodie of a book is an analysis of the book, and the characters and story by famed mystery writer Anne Perry.  She writes a lovely, in depth Afterword which gives wonderful insights not only into THE HOUND, but also gives the Anne Perry fan a peek at the mystery writer's viewpoint.
B00005K3O4|4.0|this is a cult classic one of the modern B-movies you either love it or you hate it. i love it!
B000ZELISO|2.0|This review is for the film.. i will updated once i get the DVD.<br /><br />I was incredibly disappointed when i saw Order of the Phoenix. Its my favorite book of the series and they completely butchered it on film. I went to see Half Blood Prince thinking that it was going to be a different experience..and I was right.. it was WORSE! They concentrated too much on things that weren't important to the story (romances are you serious?) and cut scenes that SHOULD have been included (battle in hogwarts). The most disappointment though.. was the ending. Dumbledore death...well.. it wasn't as sad as it was in the book. It was very emotionless to me. What was up with that?<br /><br />It had some good. The visual affects were amazing... and the acting improved quite a bit. Tom Felton did an incredible job as Draco Molfoy. Kuddos to him!! Unfortunately it wasn't enough to save the film. I was more bored to tears than anything else. I hope the last installment its worth watching!
B0026P3G12|5.0|I do not usually find time to watch television but when my sister sent me a link to the utube recording of Susan Boyle on Britain's Got Talent I could not get enough of her fantastic voice. I replayed the utube segment each day as well as her earlier Cry Me a River and looked forward to her first CD. I was not disappointed. She had a wonderful blend of pop, spiritual and Broadway show tunes on the CD that showed her vocal ability to move from one genre to another. I believe she will be considered one of the great voices of our time and I look forward to more CD's of her work.<br />Carl O. Helvie,R.N., Dr.P.H.,  Host of the Holistic Health Show and Author of Healthy Holistic Aging.
B002NXSRVG|2.0|The movie was entertaining with some good action scenes but...   The movie was also annoying as some of it was borderline stupid, the choice of some of the actors was inane and some of the action scenes were ludicrous even for this type of movie.  With a few minor changes, this could have been a much much better movie. If you like action, comic book, corny type movies and can overlook a lot, then you might like this movie. We sort of enjoyed it (more or less) but won't go out of our way to see it again.
B0026P3G12|4.0|Just received my Susan Boyle album and was disappointed that this magnificent talent was \\"underproduced\\".  The arrangements and sound mixing did not do justice to her booming vocal ability.  In many instances, the climactic parts of a song were dominated by the instrumental rather than the vocal component. It was as though she was accompanying the orchestra rather than the other way around. The arrangements were pedantic and lacking in excitement and creativity.  Boyle was great in spite of the shortcomings of others. Worth a listen!
B000NPS2NY|5.0|Of course reading John LeCarre requires more attention that \\"Angels and Demons,\\" etc. but it is a superb read...great writing, vivid characters, original plot and I think \\"Tinker, Tailor...\\" is the best of the bunch.
0307716988|5.0|This book is so wonderful and so fantastic! I could not put this book down at all! Michael Jackson is an extraordinary author who is extremely sincere, honest and highly truthful in this book. I recommend that everybody read this book...one will really, really enjoy it!
B001TODCII|5.0|I really liked this movie. It was intriguing from the standpoint as a \\"what if\\", that the kidnappers made the mistake of stealing someone's daughter whose father is an extremely dangerous and capable ex-spy. A man who will be \\"a nightmare\\" to the kidnappers. Someone with the experience, know how and total lack of conscience when it comes to dealing with people like the kidnappers. He is willing to break all the rules to get his daughter back. And becomes vindicated to both his daughter, his ex-wife and her husband as being someone of value.   I was surprised at the choice of Liam Neeson as the lead but he did an excellent job as the ex-spy father. One can imagine what it would be like to have a child kidnapped. What would you do, especially knowing the odds would be against survival. But to have the tools that Neeson does as an ex-spy, it becomes intriguing to watch him use those tools and the extent he will go and having the capability to go there.    I looked at some of the negative reviews to see if there is something I can convey that would help someone to avoid this type of movie. If you do not believe that there are in fact, people of extraordinary skills when it comes to killing, accepting pain and surviving then skip this movie. If because your child became spoiled, brattish or similar, that you would disown them, leave them to die or suffer then skip this movie. If you would not do anything to save your child regardless of what they have done to you, how badly they have treated you then skip this movie. If you are expecting an accurate documentary on any aspect of this movie or that it should be a treatise on certain subjects, then skip this movie.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|I have always respected JP for their part in R&R.  However, I have only bought one album of theirs prior to NOSTRADAMUS.  Judas Priest's NOSTRADAMUS is truely an art.  If Michael Angelo was a Rocking-Head-Banger, then he would have done this album!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle's debut CD is awesome...her magnificient voice is so clear and precise and very melodic.  Her diction is perfection. If you have not yet bought it, I highly recommend it....it is a wonderful addition to anyones collection.  I can't wait for her next one.  Bravo!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Her voice gave me chills the first time I listened to the CD, it is absolutely beautiful.  The mix of songs is unusual but all are very well done.  I would highly recommend this CD, she is truly gifted.
B002UXRH10|3.0|OK, I have never been a Rihanna fan, but this one is ok. With her very limited vocal ability and bubblegum lyrics and beats, it is growth compared to previous releases. I guess it takes pain and experience to create something somewhat noteworthy, but do not get it twisted, this is not stellar. Lyrics are grittier and poignant for what she has been through and it shows. Snapshots (lyrically) of her relationship w/Chris Brown.    \\"Cold Case Love\\" (nice vocal cut), \\"Rude Boy\\", \\"Rock Star 101\\" (beat & guitar is fierce), and \\"Firebomb\\", are favs.    If you are a Rihanna fan and want something introspective and different try \\"Rated R\\".
B002L5GQGY|5.0|From the setting, to Joe's playing and voice, to the surrounding muscians that join Joe on stage, this my friends is as good of a music DVD as it gets! The quality of the players and the mix combine to create a wonderful sound that flows over the audience. Shot with about a dozen cameras, you will see the great Royal Albert Hall in all of it's beauty. It's almost as if you're in the first row; I can say that because I was! But even beyond all of that, there is an extra segment on the second DVD that has Joe being interviewed alone on the tour bus. Of course, he has his guitar with him and a small amp and to just watch Joe play and answer questions is worth the price of this video alone. If you enjoy music at all, then this is a must buy for you!
0446560065|5.0|As the back cover says, \\"Everyone knows a cat like Simon's.\\"  and its so true. I have two Simon's cats of my own. Right on pages two and three are my cats to the tee, with one exception. Since I have two cats I have one on each side of me on the bed. I'm still squished on the edge of the bed but I have my girl cat, Bristol, keeping me from falling off and my boy cat, Rocko, keeping me from thinking I can stretch out on the rest of the bed. My husband says the cats put me in lockdown. LOL And no matter what kind of litter I use or how large a tracking mat I keep in front of the litter box they somehow manage to get litter all the way on the other side of the house. Cats are great!!<br /><br />Tofield captured his mischievous cat perfectly and I can`t wait for more videos on YouTube. This picture book is a definite must read for all cat lovers and I'm sure you'll see your own cat on plenty of the pages.
B002OR18HQ|5.0|I Went to see CCR back in the 70`s which was the best live show I has seen at the time. But with modern equipment,this was better, and with a truly great band with him Fogerty and this DVD are awesome.
1847879071|2.0|This book offers a basic understanding of Statistics concepts. However, this book doesn't have any introduction to syntax, which is the most valuable part for professional application of SPSS. From this perspective, if you are a beginner of statistics this book is sufficient. If you want to acquire advanced programming skills, you may want to shop something else.
B001UREJWM|2.0|I'm one of those fans that love Black Sabbath with Ronnie Dio as the lead singer better than with Ozzie Osbourne. I was eagerly awaiting the new release \\"The Devil You Know\\" and picked up a copy at my local music store. I'm thinking these guys are in the twilight of their career and I'm sure they will put out a great CD knowing that this may be their last. I was wrong. Most of the songs are very boring and the 4/4 mid tempo style is just monotonous. I tried to keep an open mind after my first and second listening's, but I just could not get into it. Other than 'Bible Black', the CD is  a throwaway. The odd chord structures  and the uncatchy melodies are all over the place and reminds me of some of the garbage Tony and his many lineups of his band had put out in the past, like Cross Purposes, which I did not like either.  C'mon fellas! You really teased me with the three much stronger new tracks that I really enjoyed very much on your greatest hits/Dio years CD and I really expected that same quality of songwriting on the new CD. It's not there, I'm sorry. I will say for a 68 year old man, RJD still has a powerful voice, and the others are playing very well for a group of sexagenarians. I'm hoping that they will give it one more go in the studio and put out a quality CD much like their earlier albums we all know and love. I'd like to hear a kick butt follow-up to Dehumanizer.
B002AGIEYG|5.0|Amid the enthusiastic gush that greeted Brahms's earliest compositions was the hope expressed that he would `touch with his magic wand the massed forces of orchestra and chorus'. As soon as he did so, of course, his orchestral scoring was heavily criticised and likened to Schumann's. This strange perception survived even into the latter half of the 20th century. If it is not yet fully extinct, Rattle's set of the symphonies ought to finish it off for good.<br /><br />If you start with symphony #1 (a very reasonable place to start) you may feel some misgivings about the recorded sound. It makes a big boomy noise, which of course is how Brahms wrote that opening sequence. However as the set progressed what I found to my relief was that despite the fullness of the tone I was hearing an exceptional amount of the elaborate detail of which these symphonies contain more than any others. Not only that, I was thrilled time after time at the beauty of the orchestral effects, credit going of course to this great orchestra and this great conductor but above all to the great master of the orchestra who conceived them in the first place. I heard the bassoon's counter-melody at the start of the adagio of #2 more clearly than I usually do, and that is important because for once Brahms does not treat it in double counterpoint (treble and bass inverted) with the main melody. I heard the same instrument at one point in #3 where I had never previously heard it at all, and above all I heard some wonderful horn sound. All four symphonies are full of Wunderhorn stuff, so I shall just highlight the trickiest effect of all, the start of #2 played without hiccups or gulps; and also the sublime ringing chime through softly lit clouds in the introduction to the finale of #1.<br /><br />Tempi will be a matter of taste. Rattle does not take any unusual speeds, but he inclines slightly to the slow side. This can create an effect of heftiness at times, deliberate I'm sure - this composer cast himself as the custodian and repository of the German classical tradition, and a little stolidity in big chords may be all part of that idiom. My own preference diverges from Rattle's mainly in the respective first movements of #1 and #4. Levine in #1 and Toscanini in #4 manage to be weighty without being heavy through their brisk tempi, and I remain of this way of thinking while admiring Rattle.<br /><br />However the sheer quality of this recording scores heavily in Rattle's favour even where I know older interpretations that I like equally well, notably Monteux, Toscanini and Dorati in #2. Rattle even knocks my recently elevated favourite in #3, namely Cantelli's wonderful account lately come to my collection, off its pedestal entirely on grounds of sound quality. The general concept is not much different, the tempi are not miles apart either although the two maestri's respective beats are very unlike indeed, I would not like to be without either, but Rattle 2009 has to be my new top choice.<br /><br />I hope such a summary assessment gives any readers some indication of how well this set may correspond with their own values and preferences. Both where Rattle reinforces my own ideas and where he does not, I'm sure of one thing - he has the sensibility, the insight and the intellectual stature to realise these towering masterpieces fully for us in performance. I find in abundance here the quality that I admire most of all - this director's touch is unique and his vision has a real sense of magic about it.todian and repository of the German classical tradition, and a little stolidity in big chords may be all part of that idiom. My own preference diverges from Rattle's mainly in the respective first movements of #1 and #4. Levine in #1 and Toscanini in #4 manage to be weighty without being heavy through their brisk tempi, and I remain of this way of thinking while admiring Rattle.    However the sheer quality of this recording scores heavily in Rattle's favour even where I know older interpretations that I like equally well, notably Monteux, Toscanini and Dorati in #2. Rattle even knocks my recently elevated favourite in #3, namely Cantelli's wonderful account lately come to my collection, off its pedestal entirely on grounds of sound quality. The general concept is not much different, the tempi are not miles apart either although the two maestri's respective beats are very unlike indeed, I would not like to be without either, but Rattle 2009 has to be my new top choice.     I hope such a summary assessment gives any readers some indication of how well this set may correspond with their own values and preferences. Both where Rattle reinforces my own ideas and where he does not, I'm sure of one thing - he has the sensibility, the insight and the intellectual stature to realise these towering masterpieces fully for us in performance. I find in abundance here the quality that I admire most of all - this director's touch is unique and his vision has a real sense of magic about it.
B002UD56I6|5.0|I just hope that even with all the special features on the BluRay, This still isn't it.  Keep rolling out some more behind the scenes raw footage.
B002G1K82Q|5.0|My husband and I LOVED this movie!  It is very creative and artistically done; it really captures your imagination and draws you into its world.  The soundtrack is amazing, also.  The cover songs are so well done by the cast, and it all fits in with the movie perfectly!  Great performances.
B00003CX9W|5.0|As numerous e-mails have clearly shown, this product was never delivered and I've had the charge removed from my credit card.
0446691437|5.0|I reference this book constantly and think about it as I live my life.  Have passed it on to many friends and even to those who don't have creative pursuits.
B002MEW7YY|5.0|Watching the video, listening to the singing it is hard to understand how the critics were kind of reserved with the heavinly Netrebko's performance. Fabulous, all of them in opera! Singers, conductor, chorus. Best best performance.
B00000GUZP|5.0|This is an excellent CD to have in your collection if your a big fan of Deborah Harry it sounds great all the songs are really cool also.
B001PPLIFU|3.0|I was really expecting to like this film.  To give you a context, I'm not one of those people who love the old Connery/Moore Bond films and hate the new Bond (ala Casino Royale) movies.  I actually loved Casino Royale!  Quantum of Solace had the potential to be just as good as Casino Royale but they blew it.  Yes, the action was awesome.  The first 30 minutes were probably some of the most exciting scenes put on film, right up there with any Bourne movie.  Sadly, there was no effort put into the plot.  Without going into any spoilers...I can say that I was thorough disappointed with the ending.  I sat there and thought to myself:  That's it?!  That's what the Quantum orginization was all about?      In summary, great action, good acting, bad plot.  Worth renting and pay per view, but not worth buying at $20.  If you're a big Bond fan like I am and can get it for half that price, then it would probably be worth owning just for the action sequences.
B000007UA4|5.0|This is an excellent CD to have in your collection,it sounds excellent and all the songs are really cool also.
B002FRNCG0|5.0|I loved this CD! Ever buy a CD because you only really wanted the one song? That's why I bought this one, but EVERY song is a jam!
B00005RZTI|5.0|This is an excellent CD by Kylie all the songs sound great,it's a great CD with great sound to buy for your collection great for fans of any age.
039925045X|5.0|The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carle is a children's classic picture book.  Many can remember it being read to them as children in school and at home.  Eric Carle dedicated the book to his sister.  This book is over forty years old.  Carle wrote it originally as a book about a worm but after talking to his publisher they decided on a caterpillar.  Carle loves colors and loves nature, and you can see that throughout this book.  It's brilliantly put together in a way that children can understand metamorphosis in a simple and interesting way.<br /> I enjoy the way that Carle put together this book.  Kids love seeing the holes in the pages where the caterpillar has eaten through.  Children can relate to the way the caterpillar eats sweets, because when children eat too many sweets they get a bellyache, too.  In a small way the book works with basic mathematics as well.  As the caterpillar eats through things, it names ho many he has eaten. For example, \\"On Thursday he ate through four strawberries, but was still hungry.\\"  With this you could have the child count the objects as you read.  From this quote you also notice that the book works with days of the week.  This is a good reinforcement for children just learning the days of the week.<br /> Carle puts a kid-friendly voice to the book, so whether an adult reads it to children or a child reads it on their own it comes through as a similar voice.  I really enjoyed reading this book again.  It begins back memories of when I was a kid, and also reminds me of the simple beauty of nature.  In conclusion, I would strongly recommend this book to others of any age.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Saw movie in theater and thought it was great.  I bought it to show it in my teacher ed methods social studies course.  I had been showin  g power of food but find this film easier for them to grasp.
0375842209|5.0|swears, mostly in german, but fairly frequently...in case that concerns you. If it was always in English, it probably would have annoyed me, but since I don't speak much German, it was easy enough to ignore.      Excellent story. Also an Excellent audio book.     I found the beginning (where he introduces the narrator) A bit mucky.  Once I was past that though, loved it.
B002K0WBYG|5.0|Lately, I have not seen many romantic comedies that were worth buying so I rented this one first after a friend said that she laughed all the way through it. What a surprise! Sandra Bullock (who is one of my favorites anyway) is wonderful as the lead, perfect as a bitch, believable as she melts into a real person. Ryan Reynolds holds his own as the leading man, which few of her leading men manage to do. The supporting cast is a dream team of actors, especially Betty White who plays her character to perfection. The directing is fast paced, with little time lost wandering around waiting for something to happen. I loved it. I bought it.
0060763280|5.0|Well written and precise, Eker tells it like it is. You must Take Action Now to achieve your goals.
0316096199|2.0|I hate to say it, but I LOVED the lovely bones, not impressed with this book. Did not keep my attention and she skipped around A LOT. It is wonderful she can write with such clarity about such a painful experience; however, the actual book, not that great.
B0000VAFO0|5.0|I'm a stressed-out college student and Underworld really helps me unwind.  I don't know why--it's violent, cliched and slightly stupid--but there's something about watching vampires and werewolves running around shooting each other that just lets me relax.  Seriously, though, it's a great movie.  Action-packed, and with some good acting.  I like the story: just straight-up action!
B002QEXN2K|4.0|If you've ever picked up any of John Mayer's other releases, `Battle Studies' will play very familiarly in your ears. Simply stated, this is a standard template John Mayer album from start to finish; you will hear a lot of lyrics about love, relationships and life, over slow to mid-tempo arrangements combined with the requisite amazing guitar work. After following Battle Studies' development over the course of the year on Mayer's website, it's interesting to hear some of the songs in their finished state. 'War of My Life' started off in the spring as an optimistic 'Field Trip' during a California sunset, and ended up being an amazingly haunting song with lyrics outlining personal struggle.  'Who Says' seems to include a piece of an absolutely fantastic piano arrangement that was released on John's site after a solo trip to Japan. Much has been said about `Half of My Heart' and John's decision to involve Taylor Swift. Swift is present in the song's chorus from start to finish, and her voice harmonizes very well with John's; so much so that the end result is a song with Country crossover appeal, and one that will be all over the radio for a long time starting next spring. Other standout tracks include `Assassin', 'Perfectly Lonely', `Heartbreak Warfare' and `Friends Lovers or Nothing'. `Battle Studies' is an album with subtle nuances, and one that gets better and better with each listen.
B00005JKEZ|5.0|Not just the greatest Robin Hood movie ever made, but one of the greatest movies ever made!
B002MRROKI|3.0|This gig was ok, but nothing more.  I was at this festival and quite enjoyed Nirvana standing beside a campfire with a pint or two or beer in my hands (but none of my friends down the front were impressed at all.)  Over the three days Nirvana (who I rate highly as a studio band) were about the 5th / 7th best band, step forward - Ride, The Wonder Stuff, Manic Street Preachers, Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds, The Charlatans , Mega City 4 - and take your crown. Nirvana's gig was rough and ready (and not necessarily in a good way, always); the sound was nothing special even with a fourth member added to the line-up, which was not the case with the other bands mentioned here - they entertained thoroughly.  I cannot help but feel that Nirvana's gig is being held in too high esteem because Curt in his hospital smock is pictured on the In Utero cover (for posterity - what an iconic image) and because he died not too long after the gig took place.  By the way, I hope that smock was not stolen from one of our British hospitals as they are rather underfunded given that we pay for our NHS service via taxes not Insurance as you do in the USA, if so, we will be waiting for Dave G with a bucket at airport customs expecting a donation the next time the Foo Fighters come over and we will expect more that loose change.  I do have fond memories of this gig, mind you - the mud fights that occurred after the heavy rains and L7 admiralty dealing with the torrent of mud balls they faced were hilarious to watch.  Nice to have the occasion recorded in DVD and Sound form.  Check out Ride's performance, included in their best of in their boxed set, now that was a spectacle to behold Haaaa Haaa Haaaa.................feedback ....Haaaa.
B002JIOQCO|5.0|If you're an old fart like me... or just a person who appreciates hard-driving rock and roll, this cd is for you! If you've ever wondered who'd take up the mantle of Black Sabbath, Rush, Deep Purple and other great bands from the past in this new millennium, here's your answer. Just an oustanding album from beginning to end. Hard-core rock excavated from the tomb of 1970s headbangers. Mr Mojo Risin from the dead. Did you ever wonder where it went? It's right here. Wolfmother rocks!
0316001821|5.0|Book Description<br /><br />\\"My name was Salmon, like the fish; first name Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered on December 6, 1973.\\" So begins the story of Susie Salmon, who is adjusting to her new home in heaven, a place that is not at all what she expected, even as she is watching life on earth continue without her - her friends trading rumors about her disappearance, her killer trying to cover his tracks, her grief-stricken family unraveling.<br /><br />Fine Printings' Review<br /><br />This is a powerful novel by Alice Sebold that captivates from the very beginning. Susie's story unfolds darkly however, somehow, manages to end vibrantly. Horror, mystery, love, vengeance and powerful friendships abound in this novel that will both grieve and cheer you to your very soul. Definitely sit down, grab this book and hold on for a powerful emotional rollercoaster!
B002SSBD6W|5.0|In Eating Animals, Foer writes: \\"We can't plead ignorance, only indifference. Those alive today are the generations that came to know better. We have the burden and the opportunity of living in the moment when the critique of factory farming broke into the popular consciousness. We are the ones of whom it will be fairly asked, 'What did you do when you learned the truth about eating animals?'\\"<br /><br />This book could change your life. I highly recommend it.
0061537969|5.0|Book Description<br /><br />\\"I know this much about racing in the rain. I know it is about balance. It is about anticipation and patience. I know all of the driving skills that are necessary for one to be successful in the rain. But racing in the rain is also about the mind! It is about owning one's own body. About believing that the track is an extension of the car, and the rain is an extension of the track, and the sky is an extension of the rain. It is about believing that you are not you; you are everything. And everything is you.\\"<br /><br />\\"He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave. And I knew, as Denny sped me toward the doctor who would fix me, that if I had already accomplished what I set out to accomplish here on earth, if I had already learned what I was meant to learn, I would have left the curb one second later than I had, and I would have been killed instantly by that car. But I was not killed. Because I was not finished. I still had work to do.\\"<br /><br />A heart-wrenching but deeply funny and ultimately uplifting story of family, love, loyalty and hope - a captivating look at the wonders and absurdities of human life ... as only a dog could tell it!<br /><br />Fine Printings' Review [...]<br /><br />Life is short, filled with trials that as we know, are to make us humans stronger. However, have we ever stopped and wondered how our own everyday lives, routines ... these trials, affect our beloved pets? What courses through their minds? Are they as intelligent, perhaps more intuitive then we are? Do our actions or in-actions cause them to scoff at us in their own silent ways? In Garth Stein's, The Art of Racing in the Rain, these questions and more are effortlessly placed to rest.<br /><br />What can we say ... dogs. Simple honesty ... dogs. These wondrous animals, man's best friend, soul companions, silent, strong, and wise onlookers to everyday life. They are not just balls of fluff, something to cuddle and pet. They are sometimes wiser than even we are.<br /><br />In this novel, Enzo, a lab terrier mix, narrates a beautiful story that begins with the start of his puppy life in the arms of competitive racecar driver, Denny. A tale that is one for all readers to enjoy, and how could we not ... as we can certainly not attest to how many books have been written from a canine perspective. You will find yourself laughing out loud, yelling out at injustice and weeping out from both heartbreak and joy. The pages flow with philosophy, so when you set this novel down be sure to sit back and take stock of your life. This is not only a novel that marvels at the life around us, but one that teaches, in fact yearns to teach us on how to better one's own being and live with soul satisfying happiness. You do not need to be a car or dog fanatic to love and appreciate Stein's work, nor does it matter your age or sex ... this is a book for ALL readers, enjoy and embrace the spirit of family.luff, something to cuddle and pet. They are sometimes wiser than even we are.      In this novel, Enzo, a lab terrier mix, narrates a beautiful story that begins with the start of his puppy life in the arms of competitive racecar driver, Denny. A tale that is one for all readers to enjoy, and how could we not ... as we can certainly not attest to how many books have been written from a canine perspective. You will find yourself laughing out loud, yelling out at injustice and weeping out from both heartbreak and joy. The pages flow with philosophy, so when you set this novel down be sure to sit back and take stock of your life. This is not only a novel that marvels at the life around us, but one that teaches, in fact yearns to teach us on how to better one's own being and live with soul satisfying happiness. You do not need to be a car or dog fanatic to love and appreciate Stein's work, nor does it matter your age or sex ... this is a book for ALL readers, enjoy and embrace the spirit of family.
1439138311|3.0|If you've already read more than two books about the Irish-American immigrant experience, go ahead and skip this one.  It offers nothing new or different.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|I read some reviews saying she's overdone with melisma and shouting..... But, WHO ELSE DID THE CHRISTMAS SONGS THIS WAY???? :) The title is \\"My kind of Christmas\\", meaning Christina's kind of Christmas.    It may not be suited for those Christians who celebrate as family holiday; HOWEVER, if you celebrate Christmas Vegas-style (a.k.a. big party time), this is DA CD to get !!!! :D
B0016Q2D5M|4.0|If you have a younger audience then this movie will be a good choice to watch. Not meant for the mature mind looking for a more thought provoking adventure. Special effects and story line are entertaining enough but if you are looking for an edgier story line then this may not be the movie for you.
0307454541|3.0|\\"The Girl with the Dragoon Tatoo\\" is certainly a very enjoyable book. I particularly liked the \\"humanness\\" of the cast of characters: no \\"James Bond\\" types or Dan Brown \\"professor turns hyper-resourceful super-sleuth\\". The peak into Sweedish culture and its laid back attitudes was also refreshing. And the main plotline involving a near 40 year old murder is outstanding, so much so that I will for sure read the next book in the series.<br /><br />Though I'm a bit wary of giving a bit too much away, key revelations occur about 100 pages before the book is over. The next 100 pages then become \\"Dan Brownish normal people turned super sleuths pulling off extraordinarily sophisticated moves to get back at the really really bad guy\\".  This is my least favorite type of thriller and therefore the 3 star rating for an otherwise very entertaining and interesting book.
B000002JSP|5.0|As a final statement from the band that defined hard rock in the 70s, this album is more than a little sad. \\"In Through the Out Door\\" feels like a final love letter from someone who's far away, and seems to know that they just might not be coming back.<br /><br />\\"In the Evening\\" opens this metaphorical letter with what is a deeply heartfelt admission of love. It's a mid tempo ballad that very directly expresses profound longing, but set amidst lushly layered guitars and throbbing percussion. Then, \\"Southbound Suarez\\" picks up the mood, our writer perhaps considering that he might have started off a bit too heavy. \\"Suarez\\" is a snappy Piano Rocker with an up tempo New Orleans jazz accent. It's a welcome respite as our despondent writer has, for the moment, left off his doleful pining. It's then followed by some sweet reminiscing with \\"Fool In the Rain\\", as the writer recounts that ridiculous time he forgot just where he was supposed to meet his lover for a date. This song is a staple of adult rock radio and I'm amazed that I still love hearing this gem, and crank it up every time, and eagerly await one of the all time great guitar solos. Now, in a decidedly silly mood we hear \\"Hot Dog\\", an almost absurd western ditty of lost love. This curious tune doesn't rate too high in most Zep fan's book, but I really like its simple, genuine joy, and Bonzo's drumming is fantastic. And then, our distressed letter writer goes off on an almost incoherent ten-plus minute description of his fractured mental condition with \\"Carouselambra.\\" Confusion and fear now dominate the mood, with oppressive phrases like \\"Powerless the fabled sat, too smug to lift a hand toward the foe that threatened from the deep.\\" The words are as poetically vague as the music is insistently hypnotic. It's a vortex of pain and confusion whirling in darkly orchestrated rhythms. Eventually our writer will regain his wits and returns to his soulful confession with \\"All of My Love\\", a gentle, gorgeous, sentimental ode with nicely blended synthesizers. I can hear this one, too, very often without tiring of it. And then, finally, writing what may very well be his final words to his absent lover, the tone turns heavier, darker with the grandly opulent \\"I'm Gonna Crawl\\". It's a soul wrenching, haunting, cry of love that transcends its simple blues-rock form. It is the highlight of this tragically poignant album, a true classic.<br /><br />Does \\"In Through the Out Door\\" sum up Led Zep's career? No, of course not. It's certainly too subdued and mature to claim that role. Besides, no one single album could encapsulate the remarkably broad spectrum of their catalog. But it does make for a substantial, if mournful, bookend to an amazingly spectacular decade of some of the hardest, deepest, most compelling music ever recorded and performed. The tragedy of Bonzo's death has only made this final album even sweeter and sadder. \\"In Through The Out Door\\" is infused with the bitter perfume of John Bonham's passing.with nicely blended synthesizers. I can hear this one, too, very often without tiring of it. And then, finally, writing what may very well be his final words to his absent lover, the tone turns heavier, darker with the grandly opulent \\"I'm Gonna Crawl\\". It's a soul wrenching, haunting, cry of love that transcends its simple blues-rock form. It is the highlight of this tragically poignant album, a true classic.     Does \\"In Through the Out Door\\" sum up Led Zep's career? No, of course not. It's certainly too subdued and mature to claim that role. Besides, no one single album could encapsulate the remarkably broad spectrum of their catalog. But it does make for a substantial, if mournful, bookend to an amazingly spectacular decade of some of the hardest, deepest, most compelling music ever recorded and performed. The tragedy of Bonzo's death has only made this final album even sweeter and sadder. \\"In Through The Out Door\\" is infused with the bitter perfume of John Bonham's passing.
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|Most of you have probably already seen the movies. I like all three movies. Reload and Revolution is really one single movie. Put together, I would rate them as high as the original movie, story wise. Hack them into two and you get two incomplete movies. No such problem in this compilation as you don't have to wait for a year for Revolution after Reload. The extras aren't worth it, in my opinion. They are in DVD quality and nothing to look at even for matrix fanatics like myself. The playable soundtracks are in stereo and poorer in quality than audio CD. Neither do I care for Animatrix. I don't agree in the opinion that the two sequels are redundant but I do think that Animatrix is. The animated shorts are either poorly thought-out or totally unnecessarily. For example, a short telling the history of the world before the Matrix, robots are depicted as human like with hands and feet, and had to commute to work each day. I understand it is a metaphor of the overworked Japanese salaryman but the picture is simply unconvincing. Other shorts just retells the same story of what you find in the movie. I do enjoy the short about a boy who set himself free by committing what look like a suicide. Overall, the extras in this compilation is totally ignorable. You are fine with just the Trilogy. I know they are not available here but check out Amazon UK (www.amazon.co.uk). With the declining British pound, you can get it for around $24, that's 50% off the price of the Ultimate Collection! The site also clearly states that it is region free. I would get it had I not bought the Ultimate Collection already. Why pay $25 more for redundant extras?
B000DZ6VAK|5.0|In my experience with recordings of \\"classical music\\", this performer really raises the mark.  She literally \\"plays with fire\\" in the making of a well-crafted, enthusiastic and overwhelmingly beautiful playing of the Piano Concertos of Mozart.  IMHO, this is a MUST HAVE for the collector of Mozart, or any collector of great piano works.
B0026P3G12|3.0|I have to get one thing sorted out with Amazon first: it isn't a Celtic brogue that Susan has (there's no such thing - but the Irish do have a brogue, in fact they have many nice broga nua in almost any department store) but a Scots burr. Keep that straight or I'll send Sean Connery over to stick a haggis up your nightshirt in the wee hours.    Now, as to Susan's disc: Hurray for her! She looks great as well and if this gets her out of the kirk and on to a life she has never dared dreamed possible, well, you go, lass! But without the image of her knocking the bloody socks of the two blokes in teh wings, Simon Cowell and that silly blond tart, the record sounds well performed but not extraordinary. I think that's because Susan connected to her Talent song, but simply executes the balance of the material. That's a fault of the producer and arranger, not Susan. These sorts of stars tend to fizzle fast. I would hope that Susan gets a shot at a second disc and that she selects tunes that she can deliver with the same unaffected authority that remains so inspiring about her dream. She's worth another shot.
B0002ZYE1Y|5.0|This is just a beautiful blend of rock and vocals.  For the money I spent this CD is well worth it.
B00000269M|5.0|This product was delivered to me on time and in the exact condition I expected.
B000FS9MV0|5.0|IT HAS BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE I HAVE BEEN BLOWED AWAY BY A CD. BUT THIS ONE HAS DONE IT. VOCALS ARE JUST GREAT AND THE BAND IS THE BEST I'VE HEARD IN A LONG TIME. RENEE PUTS HER HEART AND SOUL IN THIS CD
0812973992|3.0|I love great fiction and literature and was eager to read this book based on the editors' choice recommendation.  The book starts off strong and promising with a taut first chapter and there is the underlying promise that there would be some grand unifying theme and structure to the book.  Instead, there are essentially a handful of disjointed character portrayals, some of which are well-developed and very good and some are rather weak, and we learn that the character's lives touch each other in a narrow fashion.  There was some great word-smithing going on which gives this book some essence of literature, but at times it seemed like the author was trying to hard to add such an element.  In the end the book fell short.
072325804X|5.0|This book is not the pick-up-and-read size for a young reader. It's for the \\"read to me\\" time of day I think. So it's a great bonding device not quite suited to the busy caregiver.    The stories are cosy and impart much wisdom. The  illustrations are as stimulating as the stories. So set aside quality time for the questions that follow.    The tone is gentle and values are not ignored.    Valuable addition to a child's library.
B002RV01QI|5.0|This CD/DVD collection is flat out awesome. Hearing Enya in 5.1 format is mind blowing. (You have a choice of DD or DTS 5.1 formats) I really wish all of her previous recordings were produced in DVD-A or SACD format, however, since there's slim chance of that ever happening, this is the next best thing, and it doesn't disappoint at all. Her music is the perfect fit for multi-channel audio. Thanks Enya for giving us this highly anticipated release! Excellent production....A+++!
0525950079|5.0|This is one of those books that is in excess of a 1000 pages but when you are getting to the last hundred pages you wish there were more.  This book is the second saga of Kingsbridge England.  The book is set 300 years later but can stand alone if you have not read the first book.  A very enjoyable read.
0395645662|4.0|Personally I have been going back and purchasing books from my youth. \\"The Giver\\" used to be one of my favorite books and after reading it again as an adult I can say that there was good reason. With social commentary coming out of the woodwork in this Lois Lowry \\"Newbery\\" winner, and an easy straight forward writing style this book has an ever important message and gets it across to the reader flawlessly. Watch out for the ending though as it will leave you wanting more.    All in all this book is wonderful, whether your ten or one-hundred. If you have the chance (and can find one of those awesome Amazon \\"penny books\\" deals) and want an easy read with a message;    Read This Book!
1846140064|5.0|\\"Aid has been, and continues to be, an unmitigated political, economic, and humanitarian disaster for most parts of the developing world,\\" according to Dambisa Moyo. Moyo has dared to speak the unspeakable, and cast doubt on the prevailing Western assumption that aid is a good thing, and that governments which increase their levels of giving are making life better for people living in poverty.<br /><br />The book starts by explaining that its objections do not relate to emergency aid (in response to urgent disasters) or charity-based aid (although the author does take some pot-shots at charities); instead, it relates to systematic aid from governments or institutions such as the World Bank. More than US$2 trillion in aid has been transferred from rich countries to poor countries over the past 50 years, but the poorest countries are no better off. Many argue that aid is more effective in good policy environments, but Moyo argues that the facts simply do not support this. She says that aid is a silent killer of growth, causing corruption and bad governance because recipient governments have less incentive to be accountable to their citizens, and civil wars, reducing savings and investment, and choking exports.<br /><br />In part II of the book, the author gives her ideas about how to replace aid. Whilst I find her critique of the economic and political consequences of aid reasonably compelling, I find her proposals less compelling. She recommends that developing countries replace aid with funds raised through international bonds markets, but she does not explain why corrupt governments that steal aid would not steal money raised through bonds. She advocates increasing engagement between African countries and China, but overlooks the fact that Chinese aid with no strings attached causes just as much harm as anyone else's aid. The book is easy to read and makes a useful contribution to the debate, but in my view the recommended actions still come up short of the mark.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I highly recommend EVERY see this informative movie and reclaim their power to decide what goes into their bodies.     There is a definative domino effect that takes place from the farm to the hospitals when people turn their cheek from the truth. What goes into our crops - goes into our bodies.     Everyone pays the price for ignorance. This can be prevented and it starts with every choice we make when we make a purchase at the supermarket which is in a sense our vote.    Let this ignite change as it did in the tobacco industry.    God Bless  Lee  [...]
1607513943|5.0|Behavioural economist Dan Ariely sets out to convince us that we consistently behave in irrational ways. When we see a list of items and prices, we tend to assess the value of the items by reference to the prices of the other items on the list, rather than by objective criteria, and vendors can use this to influence our purchase decisions. We tend to fall for an offer which looks attractive relative to the other available offers, and we fail to assess its value relative to everything else that is important in our lives.<br /><br />We also have an irrational attraction for \\"free\\" offers. When presented with a free offer and a low-cost offer which actually represents better value, we almost always choose the free offer. There are many things in life that we are happy to do for free -- as charitable acts or to fulfil our social obligations -- that we would not be prepared to do if someone offered to pay us for them. When a monetary value is put on an such an action, we will refuse to do it if the value is too low, even if we have happily done it before for nothing.<br /><br />These are just a few of the many irrationalities which the author discusses in the book, always in the context of entertaining -- and sometimes ethically questionable -- experiments which he has conducted. The book is engaging and fun to read, but it also offers some important insights into why we do the things we do, and how behaviour which is illogical can still be highly predictable.
B0017HMF6W|5.0|One of Hitchcock's masterpieces made between Vertigo and Psycho, this is the master of suspense at his best.  Our hero (Cary Grant) is in constant peril throughout the film, ranging from the implied (pouring a glass of bourbon in front of him rather than showing him drinking it) to the comedic (escaping his captors while drunk at the wheel of a car, and bidding at an auction) to the standout crop duster scene.  Every frame of this film shows loving attention to detail, when films were made for grown-ups and not just males aged 18-24.    Comparing this to the special edition DVD I purchased a few years ago, the colour is the thing that strikes the most.  Skin tones are more natural and other colours just pop from the screen.  The extras are largely the same as the DVD, however the packaging is the standout thing for me.  The blu-ray book is beautifully produced and I'd like to see more blu-rays produced in this way (Vertigo!  Film studios are you listening?)    Anyway, buy this film even if you have purchased it before, you won't be disappointed.
1400064287|5.0|Ideas which are \\"sticky\\" draw from a common set of traits, which make them more likely to succeed, and this information can be used by anyone who wants to communicate in an effective and memorable way, according to Chip Heath and Dan Heath in this book. The book provides a number of \\"idea clinics\\", in which the same idea is presented in a non-sticky and a sticky manner, to illustrate how stickiness works.<br /><br />The authors claim to have identified six principles which are at work in sticky ideas, and these are given by the acronym SUCCES: Simplicity, Unexpectedness, Concreteness, Credibility, Emotions, and Stories. While there is perhaps nothing dramatically unexpected about any of the listed principles, it is interesting to ponder why most communications do not meet the sticky criteria. The authors claim that this is the result of the Curse of Knowledge, in which a person who has knowledge is unable to remember what it is like not to have that knowledge.<br /><br />The book is filled with entertaining anecdotes, and uses its own advice to ensure that the key messages are memorable. I recommend it for anyone who needs to communicate effectively, whether through public speaking or by written means. It is particularly useful for those who need to inspire their audience to take concrete actions in response to the communication.
B000000XB9|4.0|I am no music maven but I do know what I like when I hear it and I have been hearing certain CCWR songs ever since they have been out there to hear. I just have now lived long enough that I can get all the ones I like without all the ones I don't like with this CD. It has the best of CCWR on it and that was exactly what I wanted.
0142001104|1.0|This book aims \\"to provide the reader the means to lift off from the world of struggle and sail into a vast universe of possibility\\". Rosamund is a family therapist and conflict resolution specialist, while Ben is the conductor of the Boston Philharmonic Orchestra, but the book is targetted primarily towards a business management audience.<br /><br />While some readers might see the book as opening a world of possibilities, others are likely to see it more as a collection of optimistic clich&eacute;s. The book opens unpromisingly for the jaded reader with a regurgitation of the old story about drawing four straight lines which pass through all dots in a square array of nine dots - this requires drawing outside the square. One of the chapters suggests that you should give every student an \\"A\\" for their work in advance, and another suggests that you should take yourself less seriously.<br /><br />\\"Like the person who, mindless that she has all of nature in her fingertips, blocks the expression of the life force, so does the musician interrupt the long line of passion when she limits her focus to the expression of personal emotion, local color, or harmonic events.\\" Some people might find this type of prose inspirational; others would find it turgid. While I found many of Ben's orchestral anecdotes interesting, the book as a whole did not appeal to me. Perhaps I should have given it an \\"A\\" before reading it.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|As a MJ fan,I brought the CD booklet because it has great pictures from the movie, This Is It, that I haven't seen anywhere else. I keep the CD booklet on my coffee table with my other MJ picture books. To be honest, I haven't touched the CD's in the booklet...I already had the music on my ipod so I didn't need to.
0312330537|5.0|Once I picked it up, I couldn't put it down. The frank nature of the writing and the complex story that unfolds was addicting. I could see, smell, hear, taste and feel the story and the characters. The beauty of true human kindness, the frailty of the human condition, set against such harsh and brutal circumstances, was made quite real in the telling of Mr. Roberts journey. It is obvious that the author loves India, as no detail is too insignificant to exclude. He creates a multifaceted view of life in Bombay. His reasons and rationale for making his choices are laid bare for the reader, and we are left with the feeling of having lived through it as he did. As a reader it was powerful; can only imagine the impact in the life of the writer.      For those who have found true friends in unlikely places, Prabaker's story leads straight to the heart. The book and message are unforgetable.
1439138311|2.0|I have to say that I did not care for Ellis at all.  She seemed to float through life without any thought for anyone or how her actions would affect another.    While Irish Catholic Ellis immediately ran to a priest and confessed after her first sexual encounter with the man she intended to marry, she then got married in a Registry Office and kept her marriage a secret from her family back in Ireland.   Not exactly the act of a Catholic girl in this time period.  And when she has to return to Ireland due to a family emergency, she had no trouble falling in love with another man and contemplating just not returning to her husband in the States.  Perhaps she thought he would just forget her. I know that I certainly found her to be an utterly forgettable character.
B000NQRE0K|2.0|This being one of my favorite movies of all time, I must say I was really dissapointed in what this Blu-Ray version had to offer.  Not a single deleted scene.  On NBC, Braveheart was aired with added footage.  Why was this footage not included in this 2-disc version?  Owning the DVD and having seen this movie probaly 10 times, simply having a little sharper picture doesn't justify this purchase.  The special features in the original DVD are actually better than the Blu-Ray.  If an extended version is ever offered I will be the first to buy it, but I wish I hadn't wasted my money on this one.
B00288KNL8|4.0|To be honest, Neil Gaiman's novel left me a bit cold and not at all invested in the lead character of Coraline. This is one of those pretty rare instances in which I prefer the film adaptation to the original literary source. Because Coraline may still be not be as endearing as Dorothy Gale or Pippi Longstocking or even Helena from [[ASIN:B000BT97AO Mirrormask]] (also written by Gaiman), but at least the stop-motion animation looks absolutely cool and bizarre. CORALINE the film conveys the same uneasy and feverish vibe that was so palpable in the book, and I wouldn't be at all surprised that little kids upon seeing this movie end up with nightmares. The quick premise breakdown: a lonely little girl wanders thru a hidden door and finds a better version of her life. But is it really a better version?<br /><br />The sense I got is that her parents are so distracted and neglectful that they couldn't even work up the energy to give her a proper name. Michigan girl Coraline Jones with her blue hair and her folks have just now moved into the Pink Palace Apartments and she doesn't waste time in exploring her new home. And what an odd home it is. Coraline soon runs into fellow tenants, an acrobatic foreign old gent perfecting a mice act and two seriously dog-loving old spinsters dwelling in the basement apartment. There's a mangy cat who knows more than it lets on. And then there's that peculiar door that's been painted over... and we know, don't we, that it won't take long at all before Coraline finds out what's on the other side of that door?<br /><br />What she finds on the other side is a spooky length of tunnel which leads into a fantastic alternate world, and this world apes Coraline's new digs. But what's disturbing is that Coraline promptly encounters creepy mimics of her parents and neighbors. Instead of immediately perturbed, Coraline is instead equally bemused and enchanted because this set of parents, this Other Mother and Other Father, is fun and caring and attentive, showering Coraline with love and mouth-watering dishes and treating her to marvelous magical sights. Except that these parents have buttons sewn into their eye sockets. And then Coraline runs into warped counterparts of her real world neighbors, and even a version of that annoying kid Wybie (short for Wyborn). But everything seems so perfect and idyllic in this other dimension, and Coraline is so gratified to be the center of attention for once that she dismisses the worrying fact that people in this place HAVE FRIGGIN' BUTTONS FOR EYES! Inevitably, though, the doubts start to set in. And if she's not careful, Coraline may find herself forever trapped on the wrong side of the door.<br /><br />Henry Selick, director of CORALINE, also directed [[ASIN:B001AIRUOU The Nightmare Before Christmas (2-Disc Collector's Edition + Digital Copy)]], and don't be surprised at how similar these two films are in terms of the surreal and exaggerated and unsettling animation. I dunno, to me, there's just something so fundamentally disquieting and macabre about people with buttons for eyes. The film also features wistful ghosts of dead children, victims of the Other Mother. And adding to the colorful parade of grotesque, we learn that the two nice old ladies, as nice as they are, tend to stuff their dead pets.<br /><br />It took a while for me to warm up to Coraline Jones. She's a little mean and peevish, and she's not too nice to that kid Wybie. But she did win me over in the end as she demonstrates gumption when things take an alarming turn, and it doesn't hurt that Dakota Fanning provides the vocal talent. Meanwhile, Teri Hatcher does double duty as the Other Mother and also Coraline's real mom. CORALINE may not leave you feeling warm and fuzzy - in fact, it may throw you off your comfort zone - but it's certainly worth watching, for its memorable twisty visuals and its spindly, wildly imaginative characters. The glaring theme is parental neglect, but you can also draw out apretty classic adage: \\"There's no place like home.\\" Even if home is someplace as garish-sounding as the Pink Palace Apartments.<br /><br />Creepy button eyes. Ugh.pretty classic adage: \\"There's no place like home.\\" Even if home is someplace as garish-sounding as the Pink Palace Apartments.<br /><br />Creepy button eyes. Ugh.
B000007T2Z|3.0|I'm sure you've read countless reviews praising Godspeed You Black Emperor!, saying they made the best sounds your ears can ever experience. I can probably say pretty safely that they are the band that is most consistently people's favorite in post-rock. They're generally considered to be the archetypical best in that genre.    The thing is, I'm just not sure I get it. I've listened to \\"Yanqui U.X.O.\\" and now I have \\"F#A#oo,\\" but I'm still not convinced that I'm getting the same experience as everyone else. Sometimes, I love Godspeed!, sometimes I hate them, and sometimes I'm indifferent.    One thing I can certainly say about \\"F#A#oo\\" is that it's interesting. If you haven't heard anything like it before, you'll probably really enjoy the novelty of it. And if you're one of those cool kids who likes to hate American government and society, you'll really enjoy the monologues. That said, I think it's really interesting that the band likes to hate America so much, given that they're from Montreal. I can't really figure out why they're so intense in their criticism of the United States.    My reaction to this album is one of confusion. There is not very much that is particularly enjoyable or memorable on it. There is never really a point where I say, \\"Wow, this is really great,\\" like I do on other albums that I actually like. However, I seem to keep coming back and listening to it. After you listen to Godspeed!, you tend to start to think that a lot of other music is mindless and trivial. Which, of course, is exactly what they want you to think.    In short, if you're up for an interesting foray into what some people think is the cream of the musical crop, go for it. If you're looking for something that is pleasurable, maybe you should stay away.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|Loved this CD. Michael has done it again. He has balanced some new and great old Sandards. I would highly recommend this to anyone. And I have even ordered a couple for some friends as gifts.
0515142247|4.0|This book, the second in the Jack Reacher series by Lee Child, is an excellent adventure story set in the Montana mountains. A vicious cult like leader and his followers plan to provide the ultimate 4th of July fireworks celebration, which would bring this country to its knees. Fortunately, Reacher arrives and attempts to spoil the party. A fun read.
B001GZ6QC4|4.0|This movie is awesome, it was a great price and the seller shipped it super fast!
B002I9Z8B2|4.0|I'm relatively new to the whole Blu-ray thing; indeed, I resisted buying a Blu-ray player for a long time because I imagined that older movies (e.g., Wrath of Khan) would look grainy and dated in this format, which mercilessly exposes the flaws in older film prints.    So I was pleasantly surprised when \\"Wrath of Khan\\" ended up looking, to me, rather good on Blu-ray. It's by no means a perfect print; for example, there's usually some fuzz (or whatever the technical term is) visible on scenes with dark lighting, such as when the Enterprise bridge goes to red alert. But by and large, this print is much nicer than the previous DVD versions.     I compared some DVD scenes to Blu-ray ones to determine whether the upgrade was worth it, and I think it was. Check out the scene when Spock gives Kirk his birthday present; on Blu-ray, you can see all the fine details on that giant globe they're standing next to, whereas on the DVD print it just looks like some glass blob. Similarly, the nebula scenes look much clearer on the Blu-ray.    Some fans seem annoyed that \\"digital noise reduction\\" has been applied to the Star Trek movies. Again, I'm no technical expert, but I believe this means that the artifacting/fuzz/whatever-you-call-it has been digitally \\"painted out\\" to give the film a cleaner look. This has led some fans to complain that the ST films now look artificially painted over, or waxy, or whatever. I sympathize with this complaint, but I think there's a tough choice to be made here; either studios can digitally \\"paint out\\" flaws, resulting in a slightly artificial look, or they can leave the flaws in, resulting in a distracting grainy look. Based on my Blu-ray experiences so far, I favor the noise reduction; for example, the Star Trek Blu-rays look much nicer to me than Fargo, which looks like it was shot through a layer of gauze.    The only real disappointment is that \\"Wrath of Khan\\" is only available in its theatrical cut, not the (slightly) better extended cut. It's a shame that Paramount doesn't give you a choice between the two versions; for \\"Khan,\\" I'd pick the extended cut, and for \\"Undiscovered Country\\" I'd go with the theatrical one, but so far Paramount has not released versions that offer the option of switching.     But still, I think \\"Khan\\" looks so much nicer as a Blu-ray that I'd rather watch this copy than the special edition DVD. I don't even have a problem with the much-loathed \\"Delta shield\\" menu, which may be basic, but has a certain elegance to it...
B0011UBDTK|3.0|That's not my first time ordering from amazon. This time I was disappointed. I'm in season three and till now there's 5 episodes that I could'nt watch at all and 2 that I couldn't watch the end. I looked closely at the box I think there was a miss handling. There's some scratches from the inside so probably that affected the discs. Anyway I was planning on reviewing the return policy for this item I will probably try to return it if possible.
0061730327|5.0|What an amazing story! I can't remember the last time I read such a gripping work of non-fiction, if ever; I tore through this book yesterday afternoon/evening despite having other things that I should have been doing, and came away thoroughly satisfied. Even before I read the book, I was hooked by the premise: a Malawian boy, living in the midst of poverty and famine and with limited educational opportunities, reads about windmills in a library book and decides that electricity is the solution to his family's problems. So, using various scraps of metal and relying heavily on the book's diagrams, he goes ahead and builds his windmill. And it works.<br /><br />It was so nice to read a positive book about Africa for a change. The problems aren't hidden; there's plenty of talk about famine in particular, including good explanations of the reasons behind it, but the overall outlook is optimistic. I also liked book's the writing style (it was co-written with a former journalist), found Kamkwamba easy to relate to, and generally enjoyed the whole reading experience. I have a feeling this will end up in my Top 5 for the year.
B002AT4K9G|5.0|I saw this in theatres earlier this year, and being an avid F&F fan I would have to say that this is the best- or at least 2nd best Fast and Furious to date ( You can't really beat the orginal). It definately isn't car-porn like the previous two movies, but becasue of its solid storyline I would definately recommend watching this one.
B000002HAJ|4.0|1992's Wish is an album I always liked going back to.  It was their first album of the 90s and I think the direction they took on this was great.  The album has a very lush sound much like Disintegration.  The guitars sound great and the very red cover of the album fits the sound of the music very well.  In some ways this is one of my favorite albums and this marks a new step for the band from the mid 80s work.  The album starts off strong with Open.  Nice colorful guitar sound opening with the drums comming in making a nice beautiful, melodic piece.  This song has good lyrics as well.  High is not a song I'm real fond of.  It's a little silly and a little too poppy for me.  Funny thing with this album is in my opinon the singles from this album happen to be the worst songs on the album rather then some of the stand outs.  Apart is a nice mellon collie song about drifting apart from a love.  This song is sad but at the same time very relaxing.  From The Edge Of The Deep Green Sea has become a live staple for The Cure for years.  They actualy played it when I saw them on Curiosa in 04 and was the only song they played from this album.  This song is a very strong song with great instrumentation and great lyrics.  There's a great guitar line that Porl plays in the song where the note goes up an down.  hard to explain but it makes the song perfect and in my opinion a Cure classic.  Wendy Time is a cool dance pop song on the album.  Not one of the best songs but not terrible.  Doing The Unstuck is a great pop rocker that has a nice sing along chorus.  This song from what I got out of it is about throwing your troubles away and making yourself happy.  Really like that one. Then the album starts to hit a brick wall with a few weak songs.  Friday I'm In Love is the album's hit and like I said with the singles this is one of the worst songs on the album.  Musicaly it sounds good but the lyrics in this song are some of Robert's sappiest.  Not a great cure hit.  Trust is veryslow and boring.  A piano driven song and in my opinion the worst song on the album. A Letter To Elise is another single from the band and is the most bland of the 3 singles.  Another song that I find really boring on the album and that marks the end of the road block because from there the album picks up steam again with Cut.  Cut is a great energetic rock song which I would love to see make it back into Cure setlists.  This is one of my very favorite songs on the album and another Cure classic.  To Wish Impossible Things is an interesting mellow piece.  Very sublime sounding.  The album ends with the aprorpriately titled End.  This is a great rock song and the music sounds somewhat dark but not moody.  a lot of sounds and instrumentation in this one and it ends the album beautifuly.  Wish is probably my favorite Cure album of the later era Cure from 92 onwards.  While not a completly solid album it does have many gems on here to make it essential.  This is an album I keep comming back too.
B000YRY8BG|4.0|I bought this from Amazon in July. Unfortunately, I only opened it last week to find out it was a defective on the first disk. It played the first and third episodes perfectly but the second episode had 20 minutes of skipping. Amazon has absolutely no way of reporting this after your window of return has expired. So buyer beware. If you are slow to view your DVD's you can be screwed. I have always had good luck with Amazon until now.  The series is excellent and quite intriguing until the end. I enjoyed it despite the skipping in the middle.
0810982862|2.0|Have you ever eaten at a fancy restaurant?  A massive plate arrives, with a tiny morsel of exquisitely-prepared food, sitting in a puddle of sauce.  The Art of Avatar is similar.  It's a lavishly-made tie-in for James Cameron's fantasy film.  The brief bits of text mention that this film required an army of concept artists over a decade to create. Looking at the beautiful paintings within, one can appreciate that artistry.  The problem is that this large hardcover book is so thin!  It's barely one-hundred pages long, and feels like fifty.<br /><br />It is a nice addition to one's \\"Art of\\" collection, but there are so many rival books that offer better value.  The Art of Halo, a stylistically-similar book, is one example.  Recent offerings by Design Studio Press might also appeal to the reader.
031606792X|1.0|These reviews of Breaking Dawn are lengthy and well thought out, but they really don't need to be, if you are looking for a quick and accurate review that will help you make your decision to read, or not to read, please DO read mine. By the time you get to Breaking Dawn, you will have already read the first three Twilight novels, so you'll already know that whilst Twilight was a fantastic novel (for light vampire romance), it only went down hill from there. Breaking Dawn is best described in only one word, and that word is ATROCIOUS. Do not waste your money or your time with this book which is best served by going back to the paper mill to be made into pulp....again.
B000WMFZNS|5.0|This is an old film but a good one.  I have seen it three times, first when it was released in 1961, then at an \\"arts\\" theater in Houston, TX in about 1990 and just recently as I viewed the DVD version that I purchased on Amazon.  I highly recommend this film, especially for those who remember and relish how movies were made a few decades ago.    Admittedly, I have not yet reviewed all of the bonus features on the second disc, so I won't comment on their quality at this time.
B000HWZ4CA|1.0|This review applies to newly manufactured Warner dvds sold after Dec. 5, 2009.    First off, let me make this absolutely clear -- I love this movie, and my gripe is not with the film, or the artists or technicians who originally made this wonderful picture.    My gripe is with the modern-day, greedy studio executives, who have just schemed a new way to stuff even more money into their greedy hands by cheapening the quality of their product.    Apparently, it just wasn't profitable enough for Warner's to make their new dvd cases with the thinnest of plastic, but now Warner's has cheapened the dvd cases even more, by adding huge punched-out hole sections to the front and back of their dvd cases.     I don't know about you, but when I like a movie enough to buy it, I also want to be able to protect it, so I can watch it again in the future.    That might not be as easy as it used to be.      Now, when you open one of these dvd cases, you'll have to remind yourself to adjust your grip to the lightest touch, else you find yourself putting a finger right through the paper jacket, because the plastic that used to be there for support ain't there anymore, and with these ultra thin plastic cases, how many times will you be able to open and close them before they completely fall apart?    This is truly a disgrace, and a great film like Sergeant York deserves better treatment than this!
1878424319|4.0|I liked the book.  But honestly this isn't one to buy and keep for future reference.  It's short and the author goes into much detail to drive the point of each agreement home.  I guess I'm the reverse of most people.  This is a self help book that I could actually use.  This is because it wasn't long.  I find myself being impatient with all that reading most self help books require.  The simplicity that some reviewers complain about is what makes this a useful tool.  The agreements were in my opinion simple enough that it isn't necessary to give examples of how to do them.  I believe that would be a bit too intrusive.  I think this is a good book to share, but to buy it for every person on your list is overkill.
0385504225|4.0|This is the third Dan Brown book I have read (Angels and Demons and The DaVinci Code) and I still can't figure out his legion of critics.  The Lost Symbol is an interesting, entertaining, fascinating, educational and suspenseful novel.  It moves quickly and keeps the reader involved to the end.  Yes, the formula is similar to his other books, but it did not dilute my pleasure from reading The Lost Symbol, a real page-turner.  Don't be put off by the critics.  The Lost Symbol is worth reading.
B000059GEI|5.0|According to Webster's, eclectic is \\"selecting what appears to be the best in various doctrines, methods or styles.\\" That's what this movie does. If you're expecting a showcase for your favorite star -- whichever one it is -- you'll probably be disappointed, because all five of them shine brilliantly in this movie. If you're expecting every star to provide another version of their usual persona, you'll also be disappointed. And those are the very reasons this is one of my favorite movies of all time. There are serious spoilers in the next paragraph!    The other reviews have described the characters and plot, so I won't repeat that. At first blush, this seems like a standard potboiler movie from when they cranked out movies by the hundreds. But there are oddly modern twists in it and thought-provoking role reversals.  Vaudeville performers had a reputation for being wild and immoral, but these two (Ethyl Merman & Dan Dailey) are focused on raising their kids right. They're scandalized when one of those kids wants to live a life (the priesthood) that's unheard of in their family -- but after parental agonizing, they accept that this child is \\"different\\" and finally decide to love him anyway, just as he is. (Substitute homosexuality for priesthood, the parental discussions will sound familiar.) Donald O'Connor is the romantic male lead in the major love story instead of the sidekick, and shows his dance/choreography chops in a number that is surreal and brilliantly imaginative. He gets to play a complicated character who has no goals and makes stupid decisions, someone you might have met (or been) in real life. He's the romantic who's focused on finding someone he can build his life around (a traditional feminine ambition at the time), and the object of his affections is almost totally career-driven and hardly notices him (a traditional male role, ditto). Marilyn Monroe's character is an undeclared feminist -- she doesn't campaign for it, but she stands Donald up on adate because she's got a career crisis going on and gets irritated when he doesn't understand. That's consistent with her character, who also struggles with the role society demands of her. Years later, in real life, Marilyn took her career seriously enough to study acting with Lee Strasburg and was criticised for it -- a sex kitten trying to act? Deja vu...     There's a lot of stuff going on in this movie that would be startling now, and they get away with it because the musical numbers are great and the plot is superficially standard. It's as if they collected musicians from different genres -- say, country/western, opera, rap, pop and jazz -- and let each one do their own thing to the max. If you can put your expectations aside and see it as it is -- adventurous ideas and letting the stars use their talents without being restricted by typecasting -- you might love it as much as I do.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|what can you say. all there mono works in one place. almost as good as heaven.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I just bought the CD and am listening to it even as I write this.  I don't need to repeat what others have said, except to say that her voice gives me chills.  I was only really familiar with her renditions of \\"I Dreamed A Dream\\" and \\"Wild Horses\\", but I love the entire CD.  Million-selling singers like Celine Dion have nothing on Susan Boyle.  I wish her a long and successful career.
B0028RXXE8|1.0|Why bother to purchase a series that was never completed and left us all hanging???
0375842209|5.0|This is an extraordinary book, written in a very creative format with well developed characters and immense emotional impact.
B002L5GQGY|5.0|I'm relativly new to JB but this DVD is really special. As he explains this particular venue is a lifelong quest for him. And to have Eric Clapton play on a song makes it that much more special. Having said that this is NOT  one of those shlocky guest after guest shows they like to play on tv. Straight up modern blues. Great playing by all not to mention phenominal audio. If you like the blues this is well worth adding to your collection. Personally as a veteran of probably a thousand live shows in my time this fills the void as medical reasons have retired my concert going days. I'd love to see him live but this certainly helps alot.  ROCK ON !!!!!
B00005JMFQ|5.0|This is one of my FAVORITE Holiday movies and romances. Even though I have a penchant for more high drama in romance (like Sense and Sensibility and Moulin Rouge) this very down-to-earth, realistic and heart-felt \\"dramadey\\" is wonderful to watch at Christmas time, or any time you need to believe in the beauty of unexpected love, the heartbreak of unrequited love or the sting of love betrayed. I guess I should have been born in the United Kingdom, because this film features some of my favorite actors ... all Brits, of course. Hugh Grant, Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Colin Firth and a slew of additionally talented British actors. The myriad love stories throughout the movie intertwine seamlessly and each stands on its own as well.<br /><br />If you want to be warmed by love for over the Holiday Season, but don't want to see the saccharine-coated, overly mushy typical romantic fare, or the over-the-top, \\"holidays are insane\\" type comedies, I recommend \\"Love, Actually\\" as a fulfilling new Holiday classic!!
0790734850|1.0|How much violence against women is too much? Rita Hayworth lookalike Susan Lefferts (Amber Smith) gets murdered. Veronica Lake lookalike Lynn Bracken (Kim Basinger) gets knocked around. A young girl gets raped and you have to watch her emotional pain afterwards as she's lying in a bed, bound and gagged, in silent agony, and a black man in another room is laughing.    But all this is forgiven because the cops hate women-beaters and they're out to get the bad guys?
B001FB55I0|5.0|I will be the 1st to say when I saw this in theaters I left with alot of questions. But with the maximum movie mode where McG pops up every now and then and explains things and tells you the thought process for alot of scenes I finally understand how this one fits the other 3. Still I think only the true die hard fans of  the Terminator movies will appreciate  this movie.
B002OR18HQ|4.0|This DVD is OK, but it'not like the Long Road Home. There is a lot of new and different stuff on this one. If your looking for the old CCR music you will be happier with The Long Road Home. Don't get me wrong, it's a good DVD, it's just the new Fogerty not the old one. If your a Fogerty nut get it. I just wish he would do Cotton Fields on a DVD, he does a bang up job live.
140011425X|5.0|Now...let's solve a mystery about a mystery!  Let me ask you some questions.  First, do you watch the show \\"Castle\\" on tv?  The main character is an author named Richard Castle.  Sound familiar?  It's about this author that shadows a female police detective around and helps her and her squad solve murders.  The titles of his books and some of the characters in his books are often mentioned.  The main person in Richard Castle's books is a police woman named Nikki Heat.  Bet that sounds familiar also!  The book called \\"Heat Wave\\" supposedly written by a person that doesn't exist named \\"Richard Castle\\" was lots of fun to read.  Who do you suppose really wrote this book?  I have an idea, do you?  There's also an audio version that's fun to listen to.  It's not very long...try it, you'll like it!
B002LK3DUQ|5.0|Aside from The Incredibles, I try not to get too judgemental about Pixar movies. Some of them like Wall-E which have dynamic animation, and others like Toy Story have a great story but might not be as visually appealing. Up manages to bring together both of these into a wonderful experience for the whole family, as well as for animation fans.<br /><br />The movie starts out with the young Carl Fredrickson who is a fan of the famous explorer, Charles Muntz, and through this befriends a hick girl named Ellie. They later on marry, and keep planning for their own expedition, but as the years go by the burdens of \\"real life\\" makes their dream go unfulfilled, and Ellie eventually dies of old age. Carl is now an old man living in his and Ellie's old dream home, which is in danger of being bought out by a large construction company. So, being a longtime balloon salesman, Carl sticks hundreds of balloons to his house and flies it to South America in the hope of leaving it on the cliff at a place called Paradise Falls. The only hiccup in this is the chubby boy scout Russell was stranded on Carl's porch when it took off, and is now along for the ride. Once in South America, they land the house on the opposite end of the plataeau that the falls are located, so Carl and Russell have to carry the house still floating by balloons to the other end like a giant parade float. They encounter an exotic flightless bird, that Russell calls Kevin, which is being chased by dogs with special collars that allow them to talk. One of the dogs is Dug who quickly befriends them. The other dogs force them to where their owner is, who turns out to be Carl's childhood hero, Muntz. He's been there this whole time ruthlessly looking for a rare bird, which is what Kevin is. Carl and Russell barely escape with Kevin's help, but Kevin gets caught by Muntz's mutts. After finally getting the house to the falls, Russell leaves Carl to go rescue Kevin. Carl eventually decides to go to by flying his house after Muntz in his giant zepplin, and despite being in probably in his 80s, Carl manages to free Kevin and Russell with Dug's help. They then hijack the zepplin and head to the States.<br /><br />Up was a pure delight. It took a brave move in making a senior citizen the main hero in a family adventure animated film. The first few minutes are very endearing, and really pulls you into this journey of Carl, and ultimately what he decides to do with himself now that he's nearing the end of his life. I totally think that this is the best animated movie of the year, and a modern-day classic.z in his giant zepplin, and despite being in probably in his 80s, Carl manages to free Kevin and Russell with Dug's help. They then hijack the zepplin and head to the States.    Up was a pure delight. It took a brave move in making a senior citizen the main hero in a family adventure animated film. The first few minutes are very endearing, and really pulls you into this journey of Carl, and ultimately what he decides to do with himself now that he's nearing the end of his life. I totally think that this is the best animated movie of the year, and a modern-day classic.
B000NIVJHM|5.0|I love this movie.  I cannot tell you how many times I have watched it since it came out in 1987.  I purchase it from you, however, it was also returned as a bad tape.  The replacment was returned also for being bad.  I still intend to order it as many times as possible until I get it right.  Please do not think this is any fault of yours, because it is not.  I will order again through this company and a third party if need be.  I will always continue to shop at Amazon.    Thank you   Kathy L Evans
0739416707|5.0|This has always been one of my favorite books. My \\"old\\" copy has pages falling out I have read it so many times.<br />I'm sure for many people today it will seem \\"dated\\" and \\"mild\\"... but at the time it was written it was amazing... and to me timeless.
B000LE16VW|5.0|I love the movie Ghost.  However, not your fault, I seem to receive bad tapes as my DVD let me know.  I replaced one and then I had to send back the replacement.  I still intend to order this tape through you with a different party.  Amazon has always been fair with me, I will continue to shop through your store.<br /><br />Thank you.<br /><br />Kathy L Evans
B002MW50KO|4.0|Four stars because \\"I like it\\".  I like the production, background singers, and Bob's relaxed gritty voice ... singing with a somewhat subdued joy that is real and contagious with repeated listenings. Dylan's cd will never be a family holiday favorite in my house but I will be playing it when I want a smile and a change up. Bob is singing with the only voice he has now but there is just enough heart and soul evident for it all to work.  You could do worse than spend $10.00 on this Christmas cd. Much worse.  Give it a listen and smile at its generosity.
080701429X|5.0|My mother got me this book when I was 18 and I loved it. Ten years later I bought it as a gift to my younger brother.<br /><br />I recommend this book to anyone looking for a way to cope with life even in the strongest or most difficult situations.
0399134204|5.0|The Joy Luck Club is an incredibly interesting book. It tells of the hardships, joys, and challenges four Chinese-born women and their daughters experienced while in China and after they came to America. The book creates a very vivid and fascinating look at the Chinese culture and belief system. Amy Tan is a very accomplished writer who obviously took plenty of time compiling and writing the tales contained within. She grew up around the women she wrote about, so intimate details can be found throughout.
0385737947|5.0|Thomas wakes up disoriented in a creepy, dark elevator lift with no recollection of where he came from or where he is going. He is certain of one thing, and one thing only- his first name. The lift doors open to reveal a bunch of teenage boys who welcome him to the Glade, an acre of land bordering a large stone maze with shifting walls and unsolved mysteries. None of the Gladers know why they were placed in The Glade, but they make sure they are safely within its protective walls after dark. Why? The large stone doors protect the Gladers from the horrifying menace they call the Grievers. The Grievers are slime ridden metallic creatures who mostly come out at night and will prick you with their deadly needles.    The day after Thomas arrives, a young, beautiful girl with whom he senses an unsettling connection with shows up unexpectedly in the lift. She collapses into a coma after revealing a cryptic message about time running out. Pretty frightening, right? This is the puzzling, suspenseful world James Dashner has created in THE MAZE RUNNER. Just like the Runners, whose job is to barrel through the maze searching for patterns and clues, I felt myself running along with them, desperate in my own resolve to unlock the secrets within this frightening, mind boggling world.    The Glade is an extremely creepy world with arbitrary \\"variables\\" and ever changing rules that challenge the stakes of survival. A less talented author would leave the reader incredulously shaking his head with disbelief, but Dashner's writing was so skilled, I was able to suspend any reservations about the plausibility of this experiment occurring. Like the Gladers, I learned to accept the rules of the Glade and found myself anxiously flipping pages to solve the riddle of the Maze. Thomas' character also evolved believably and I thought his reactions to his situation were highly relatable. He proved himself to be a smart, courageous leader among the Gladers, and an extremely likable protagonist.One of the things I enjoyed most about THE MAZE RUNNER was the Lord of the Flies type hierarchy system that developed within the Glade. It was interesting to me to see how the boys established a pecking order of authority and delegated the work necessary to insure their survival. I also found it intriguing that though Thomas' memories were wiped, he instinctively knew that he had to be a Runner and that he was connected to the mysterious girl who disrupted the balance of life with her arrival. The first time Thomas put himself in a deadly situation outside the walls of the Glade was a true nail biter and my absolute favorite part of the book.    THE MAZE RUNNER is a heart stopper and a nail biter that will keep you up in the wee hours of the night. My skin prickled with excitement reading this book and I absolutely can't wait for the next installment in this series. From the moment Thomas wakes up in the lift, you are plunged into a heart stopping tale of mystery, with well developed characters and a fast paced, entertaining plot. Dashner expertly weaves his storyline in a way that keeps the reader on edge the entire novel. The end was my favorite part of the book. It has a twist I did NOT see coming either. The end left me reeling with even more questions and an intense fervor to continue on with the series. Check this one out- you don't want to miss it!
0060527986|4.0|Book was just as described. Maybe not as philosophical as i was expecting but definitly worth reading. There are some really good quotes in the book.
B002XUBDZ6|5.0|One of arnie's best movies ever.. A must have for 80's babies!<br /><br />Ben Richards: Killian, here's your Subzero, now plain zero. !!
B002NWRMVS|1.0|Maybe this bellbottom homecoming gown was beckoning me to some unhinged white bread afro hipster truck stop gourd-growing convention, I thought, carving sideburns into a pair of rusty muskrats given to overly enthusiastic public displays of affection. But no, not even that; it was just another Natalie Merchant drone gathering dust in the closet with a humdrum batch of letters from Thomas Jefferson, a pack of wilted green-tea cigarellos and a wind-up Billie Holiday rolling around in her grave.<br /><br />Hello, mello fello! Can I get a whup-whup?<br /><br />But there I sat on the uncolored sofa, gazing at the boiled peanuts bubbling up underneath, sock-crusts and skin-colored teeth like pillows strangled in the bass drum. My brain-leavings spinning fetal-like, inflatable, bunny ears channeling static. However, the carpet was a lilypadded stream of activity, push-pop princesses liplocked with amphibians in tuxedos, John Wayne in a sugar coat, gunning for mediocrity.<br /><br />So meta, so much feta.
0316154687|4.0|As usual with David Sedaris books, the first half made me laugh out loud (sometimes in public places), there is a less well down second half, until you get to the very end which is hilarious again.  But for me, the hilarious parts are worth it.  If you like the other Sedaris books, you will like this one as well.
0060254920|5.0|Where the Wild Things Are is among my top 3 all-time favorite children's books.  When we bought it for my daughter, she immediately took to it and demanded it night after night.  Re-encountering the book after 30+ yrs, I was surprised at my vivid recollection of the singular impression the book made on my when my grade school librarian first read it to me, as well as how familiar all the details of the book immediately were...from the incredibly imaginative story, great pictures, to the amazing prose (my favorite: \\"and in and out of weeks through day and night\\") and of course the ending (\\"and it was still hot\\")    There's some children's books that get dull to read night after night, but this one never does.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|I bought this cd because of the new song on it. I love to listen to Michael sing anything; and this new song is even better than I thought it woild be.
0385532458|5.0|Grisham being Grisham.  Love the book - read it while flying back and forth to work and had to fight myself from finishing it in my hotel.  The only issue I had was that many of the stories could have been complete books and it left me wanting more.  Anyone who is a fan should definitely read this!  I just wait with anticipation for his next one.
0307716988|5.0|Being written by Michael himself made this book a winner for me before I ever got it. It was just as good as I thought it would be.
B0028K3192|5.0|Ok, So i grew up listening to Maxwell...but this CD is so grown, sexy and just makes you feel sexy. Bad Habits, Love You... Playing Possum...\\"sigh\\"...This CD is short but it is a trilogy... I saw him live in July, my husband surprised me with the CD, popped it in the car...and said do you like the album so far... I said YES, he said we are going to go see him live. AND OH MY! if you can see him live.. GO GOGOGOGOGOGOGGO :)I have been listening to this CD since July, and it still does not get old! The instrumentals... so smooth and SEXSAY.
0385504225|5.0|amazon.com is so easy to use will be back again and again. thanks very good website good job.
B000002GGU|5.0|Can do no better than to quote the actor John Altman who in a program in the late eighties/early nineties declared this as his favourite album.. . \\"So often do you buy an album only to find there are only 2 or 3 tracks that are any good, with Reckless every ones a winner\\", \\"In It's Only Love Bryan and Tinas voice are the perfect match, they practically crackle together, it's electric !\\"<br />This album is buried for the younger audience behind the more recent releases that are terribly wet (though surprisingly a lot do work live acoustically). If you like eighties rock you'll love this !
B002NX0LOC|5.0|despues de los discos tan complicados como blackeaned eyes , the vertigo of bliss o infinity land, el cuatro disco de BC, Puzzle , supuso una involución en su música, haciendo uno de los mejores discos de el 2007, con la produccion de Ggarth Richardson, con unos precisos arreglos de cuerda en algunas canciones, destacando e ntre ellas la que abre el disco ( Living is a problem ..), folding stars, semi-mental, machines , etc.Lo tenían díficil, pero con Only Revolutions, , se descubren como un grupo inverosimil. Sólo con escuchar Many of horror ( una de las canciones de este año), se ponen los pelos de punta, Know your quarry(es unica e impresionante ), la cañera That golden rule, Cloud of stink( parece que foo fighters aparce por ahi ..), Captains, God and Satan ...  En definitiva , una autentica insureccion artistica. GRacias a BC por poder sentir esas emociones. Insisto : Many of horror es una de las grandes canciones que hay ya en la historia de la musica moderna.
B001AQO446|5.0|This is one of the greatest movies ever made; it should have been on Blu Ray a long time ago.
B00129I5SM|5.0|I bought this for a friend who wanted it for his birthday very badly, I assume it's good.
0670020745|5.0|Great book, I met Jill Bolte Taylor and what a wonderful woman. As she tells her story you just dont move for two and a half hours what she went through for 8 years and is still finding things coming to her after 12 years is amazing.If you ever have a chance to hear her speak please do.
B002HNA9LS|5.0|As the other reviewers have concluded, the performances, recordings and packaging are extremely good regardless of price. At $89, this is an amazing bargain!
1906694176|5.0|I am sooo glad I did not wait until this book was available in the US (May 2010). The UK version is of course in the appropriate language. This was the best and most intriguing book of the trilogy. I recomend anyone who has been following this series to get the book now and not wait 6 months!!
B000AOEMXM|5.0|Star Trek-Enterprise has been taking a lot of fire. I don't see it...I am going back through the entire series and all I've seen \\"bad\\" are one or two episodes that I think are weak, personally. I have found Star Trek-Enterprise to have plot depth and craftsmanship, series continuity, and character development. I think they are excellent and very well done.   This complete series collection is well done. I found no video or sound problems and a lot of extras. The menu presents a short learning curve and there is a minimum of overpackaging. Wish there could have been a fifth and final season to tie everything up and make for a more complete story.The series should have been given that chance. In today's market,with cheap reality shows and cheaply produced entertainment shows being the way most networks are going,doubt if we will see the budget committed to do another series.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|I have long been a Beatles aficianado, but to own all their albums was a fading dream until this boxed set became available.<br /><br />Each CD has a booklet that gives tons of information that warmed my cockles.<br /><br />And I heard songs that I'd never heard before.<br /><br />The first seven or eight are on Parlophone (British). It's interesting how the American releases differed.<br /><br />I highly recommend this purchase to any Beatlephile.
B0000931QA|5.0|QUEENSRYCHE'S best.all other QUEENSRYCHE albums will always be judged by this one. one of the top 5 hard rock concept albums of all time.Incredible songs, musicianship, production and Geoff Tate at his very best. Anybody who appreciates rock music should have a copy of this album- essential listening with never a dull moment ( and the video Operation Livecrime is pretty incredible too!!)
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|This movie was one of the most adorable animated films I have ever seen.  It's honestly an awesome film to watch for any age.  Funny, sweet, inspiring and entertaining...all rolled into one.  One of Pixar's best endeavors yet!
B000002L99|5.0|while all VAN HAGAR cd's with sammy are good,this one is their best.never rocking as much as i thought they would with sammy, still good.always pictured a VAN HALEN/MONTROSE hybrid type band, but they veared more towards a JOURNEY direction.
B001E57SH8|5.0|i expected a zippo.  that's what it is.  what else is there to say?  5 stars.  only difference, it doesn't provide as much light for fumbling around in the dark
B000NVI1IO|5.0|another in a long line of ACDC albums that this legendary band continues to release.i know i might ruffle some feathers with long time ACDC fans,but what i like about this cd is that this seems to be the only brian johnson era cd where they tried to go back for the old bon scott blues/boogie feel.no it's not LET THERE BE ROCK or HIGH VOLTAGE ,but still great.
0061537934|5.0|a book to be read by all. for animal lovers and devotees it is a must. thought provoking, inspirational and life affirming.
B000H7JD4K|5.0|the fact that they could put out a cd this good this far into their career is unbelievable. maiden still kicking after all these years, makes me look foward to their next cd. the bonus dvd contains \\"making of the album\\" interviews,one video and one live \\"in studio\\"performance.
B0026P3G12|5.0|What a great birthday present. She has an amazing voice and is so lucky that her dreams were realized because of Britain's Got Talent. They gave the world a gift. Congratulations to Susan on her bright future. I can't wait to hear more from her.
0240808452|5.0|I just finished taking a life drawing for animation class. It was a great class, but in the beginning, I was really frustrated to tears. Drawing motion isn't something that can be taught easily. It's a really abstract concept that takes a lot of thinking and planning on the part of the student. I was at wit's end when I found this book. Boy, did it help! Mattesi takes an abstract concept and turns it into something not only I could understand, but immediately apply to my work. Within the week of purchasing, I could all ready see results in my drawings.<br /><br />100% worth the money!
B001WCBPCW|5.0|From the first time I popped this CD in and started listening to it, I have not been disappointed. For me the mark of a really great album is one that feels like the artist is telling a story from the first track to the last. Not once have I been tempted to skip over any songs (as usually happens with most albums). In fact, I've had this CD playing nonstop for hours at a time and still haven't tired of it. I first discovered Kasabian several years ago and have always been pleased with their first self-titled CD. When Empire came out, I didn't initially embrace it as I have with West Ryder, although recently I've been listening to Empire again and have discovered a few jewels on the album that I didn't get the first time around. Kasabian have definitely made it into my Top 5 favorite bands and West Ryder is truly an excellent release. If you don't own it already, pick it up and you won't be sorry.
B000093FLA|4.0|View one of Brad Pitt's best performances.   Guy Ritchie teams with Brad Pitt and Jason Statham  for a thoroughly entertaining film. It has all the   elements of a very fun film.
B000GG4Y32|1.0|Reds is, possibly, the most boring movie ever made.  When it first came out, four of us went to the movies.  Two of us, mercifully, got up and left about the middle of the picture, leaving the other couple to suffer thru it.  Who needs a bunch of boring Russian communists.
B000HT3PPG|5.0|I picked up the MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET 2 DVD set at a store because it was really cheap. I've only seen the remake [[ASIN:B00004TS0E Miracle on 34th Street]] on cable, which I liked, and so I decided to check out the original.<br /><br />Needless to say that I enjoyed it immensely!<br /><br />The story is about an old man (Edmund Gwenn won Oscar for this role) who believes he is Kris Kringle (Santa) and tries to convince a young girl (Natalie Wood) to believe in Santa Claus, too. He not only has to convince the little girl, but he also has to convince the state of New York when he's put on trial to be declared insane.<br /><br />At its heart, the story is really about believing and never giving up on dreams and miracles. Perhaps this is why MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET has become such an enduring holiday classic.<br /><br />There are two DVDs in this set:<br /><br />===== DVD 1 =====<br />Colorized Movie with optional commentary by Maureen O'Hara.<br />== The colorized version didn't bother me and wasn't strange looking at all, but for purists, the black and white version is on DVD 2.<br /><br />===== DVD 2 =====<br />Black & White Original Movie and Special Features<br /><br />*** AMC (AMERICAN MOVIE CLASSICS) BACKSTORY-22:04-minutes<br />== Behind the scenes special on the making of \\"Miracle On 34th Street\\" with actors Maureen O'Hara (\\"Doris Walker\\"), Robert Hyatt (\\"Thomas Mara, Jr.\\"), Alvin Greenman (\\"Alfred\\"), Lana Wood (Natalie Wood's sister) and others. Wonderful tidbits of information... did you know that the movie was released in June? And it still became a holiday favorite!<br /><br />*** FOX MOVIETONE NEWS--01:45-minutes<br />== Short clip of the Academy Awards when Edmund Gwenn (who plays \\"Kris Kringle\\") won for best supporting actor for MO34S.<br /><br />*** PROMO SHORT TRAILER--05:05-minutes<br />== Because 20th Century Fox didn't want to push this as a \\"Christmas movie,\\" since it was going to be released in June, the trailer shows nothing of the actual film. Very clever!<br /><br />*** MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET TV VERSION \\"MEET KRIS KRINGLE\\"--46:00-minutes<br />== This is the television version with different actors but the plot is the same and still fun to watch.<br /><br />*** MACY'S THANKSGIVING DAY PARADE: FLOATING IN HISTORY FEATURETTE--15:27-minutes<br />== This is a wonderful special that shows color home movies of the actual Macy's Thanksgiving Parade that was used in the movie and other fun stuff that adds to the movie.<br /><br />*** POSTER GALLERY<br />== Posters for the movie.<br /><br />This DVD set is such a great deal and if you like to watch classic movies or, like me, enjoy seeing real footage of real places back in the day in movies, you should definitely buy MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET. You'll watch it year after year!== This is the television version with different actors but the plot is the same and still fun to watch.    *** MACY'S THANKSGIVING DAY PARADE: FLOATING IN HISTORY FEATURETTE--15:27-minutes  == This is a wonderful special that shows color home movies of the actual Macy's Thanksgiving Parade that was used in the movie and other fun stuff that adds to the movie.     *** POSTER GALLERY  == Posters for the movie.    This DVD set is such a great deal and if you like to watch classic movies or, like me, enjoy seeing real footage of real places back in the day in movies, you should definitely buy MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET. You'll watch it year after year!
B002VKE1K2|2.0|this is one of those movies that i suppose you'll either love or hate...or just think there's nothing special about it. i myself fall in the the third category. i really am not sure how to review this..if u are one of those people that is likely to be spooked by strange noises in your house and/or flickering lights when and if u thought the blaire witch project was a good movie then u may like this one. i myself, wanted to see what the hype was all about and just like with the blair witch project with this i was more than anything bored but then, i have walked with no problem in the woods at night and sometimes heard some strange noises in my house at night without any worries. i don't get spooked easily. in this movie the boyfriend believes after a while that there may be some some kind of haunting by some evil spirit/demon going on and what does he do? he has this idea that whatever paranormal activity there is he's going to easily take care of it. how? by beating some malevolent force with his skinny fists? i could go on, but what can i say. A friend of mine liked it and he likes really likes and watches a lot of horror movies and found this good. i occasionally like some horror movies and have seen quite a few and this one just didn't do much for me if anything although i'll understand why many people would like it. i suppose it depends on what u find scary. gore factor:0 .sex and violence:0 . creepinees fator: that just depends on the viewer...
1604590483|5.0|I purchased this book when it was first published over 20 years ago when I was on a quest to find my deeper self and a deeper meaning to life. I started to follow the philosophy of Dr. Murphy's book and I could not believe the things I brought into my life simply by changing the way I think. I wanted this job so much and I didn't think I had a chance. I followed the methods in the book and I got this job, I got my dream car and many other jobs I really wanted as my life formed through out the years. Not only do I still use his methods and philosophy, I also try to teach the people I love this method to help them achieve the same happy results as I did. sometimes it might take time to achieve your goal but it is well worth. I still to this day have this book.
B001JFZ118|5.0|One of my all time favorite movies ever!!repeated viewings and it never gets old.   THANK YOU
159668139X|5.0|I recently acquired a nice four-harness floor loom, and although a number of my friends weave, they're all too far away for hands-on help.  One of them recommended \\"Learning to Weave\\" by Deborah Chandler, and I have found this to be an excellent book.  It explains all of the many new concepts, and with careful reading and taking my time, consulting the book each step of the way, I was actually able to warp my loom and begin weaving without any hands-on help at all...  It is clearly written, assumes that you know nothing, and builds your skills in an orderly way.    I recommend it to all first-time weavers - and even to people who have woven before, since you may discover tricks that make your weaving much nicer and more satisfying.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Someone said that the songs were all too slow and they were disappointed that Ms Boyle didn't just belt them out.  If that's the kind of music you are looking for, this is the wrong cd.  However, this cd is perfect for taking a bath by candlelight and just relaxing.  Or making out with someone you love!  It does a great job of showcasing Ms Boyle's voice because everything else is stripped away.  And even though I was impressed with her when I first heard her on television, I was even more impressed when I listened to this cd.  I found it to be an introspective cd in that it made me reflect on my past, the present and the possibilities of the future.  And I wasn't bothered by the variety and range of songs.  Ms Boyle said that all these songs have a special meaning to her and that makes me feel as if she is sharing a little bit of her life and soul with us.  Bottom line - great relaxing and uplifting cd.
B00003CXA2|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie.  This is one of the best movies that Tom Hanks was in. Gary Sinise plays Lt. Dan who is my favorite actor. This movie really moves you inside. It makes you think about your life and the people that you effect. I remember seeing this movie when it first came out in 1994. There was not a dry eye in the movie theater. I still get all misty eye when Jenny passes away and Forrest is standing in front of grave site and he speaks to her about when she died and how little Forrest is doing and how much he misses her so much. Why don't they make movies like this anymore. I also found it rather impressive to see how they placed Hanks in with the past presidents when he would visit the White House. He met Kennedy, LBJ and Nixon. I'm watching this movie again and it never gets old. I highly recommend this movie to someone who has not seen this movie.
B002NOAF9W|5.0|Obviously Rolling Stones freaks will want this: so will B.B. and Tina's fans. But I don't think it would be alienating for new fans. The band played lots of hits, like \\"Jumpin' Jack Flash,\\" \\"Sympathy For The Devil\\" and \\"Street Fighting Man,\\" and the bonus tracks include \\"Under My Thumb\\" and \\"Satisfaction.\\" The album also features the definitive version of \\"Midnight Rambler.\\" There are also very cool lesser-known songs like \\"Live With Me,\\" \\"I'm Free\\" and a slowed down version of \\"Stray Cat Blues.\\" It also spotlights some of the band's influences, via covers of Chuck Berry's \\"Carol\\" and Robert Johnson's \\"Love In Vain.\\" The Stones reissues have traditionally been pretty boring as far as extras go: this is the single best reissue they've done in my opinion.  Read the rest of my review at my not-for-profit, just-for-the-love blog, No Expiration.  [...]
B002NXSRVG|1.0|There is nothing in this movie that is redeeming. Horrible story. Horrible directing. Some of the worst acting - you know its bad when the best acting in the movie is the guy who never talks, and wears an emotionless black mask all the way through. The believability factor isn't just stretched in this movie, its broken beyond reckoning. I am actually angry at how terrible this movie is. You could actually injure yourself trying to suspend the disbelief that is required for watching this movie. Maybe I need a super suit. Then, apparently I could carry the load of crap that is G I Joe - and run and dive and twist and fly and generally ignore everything that we know about physics. I rented it knowing it was a stinker just to fill a boring day of waiting to go to the airport. I expected nothing from this movie save a perhaps a few cool special effects. I didn't even get that. Idiots wrote the script to G I Joe. I can't believe how innane the plot is. And the plot twists, if that's what you want to call them. It sort of has to be a surprise to be a plot twist I guess. In which case, there are none in this movie. The foreshadowing is blatant and idiotic. I can't say enough bad about this movie. I wish I could give it -5 stars.     If you have any brains, don't watch this movie . . . unless you want to spend the next five hours laughing at how idiotic this movie is...
0385504225|5.0|The book was very entertaining.  Many people on here seem to be analyzing the book to much and delving into subtle intricacies that supposedly make the book stupid.    My advice: JUST READ THE BOOK!! Stop over-analyzing it.  It was written to be purely a fun and entertaining read, and it does just that!
B0014JPZJM|5.0|After seven decades, Walt Disney's FANTASIA (1940) remains the ultimate hand animated motion picture, an astounding blend of cartoon and classical music. Highlight is an interpretation of Stravinsky's complex \\"Rite of Spring\\" that illustrates the first few billion years of Earth's evolution, right up until dinosaurs are killed off by global warming.<br /><br />Leopold Stokowski is seen here in the dimmest of light while the Philadelphia orchestra is primarily in silhouette against a rich blue screen. Halfway through the program, musicians improv some jazz, then they and Deems Taylor demonstrate (with the help of an animated vertical line) what film soundtrack looks like and how its squiggling form constantly varies.<br /><br />The only limitation of this classic movie is a primitive two-channel soundtrack (it's NOT true stereo) that either plays separate but simultaneously with a phantom hole in dead center, or bounces ping pong fashion between extreme right and left. Regardless, this one's a monumental achievement of pure art. Highest recommendation!<br /><br />PROGRAM:<br />BACH: Toccata and Fugue in D Minor (arranged for orchestra)<br />TCHAIKOVSKY: Nutcracker Suite (excerpts)<br />DUKAS: The Sorceror's Apprentice<br />STRAVINSKY: Rite of Spring<br />BEETHOVEN: Symphony #6 (\\"Pastoral\\") (excerpt)<br />PONCHIELLI: Dance of the Hours (from \\"La Gioconda\\")<br />MUSSORGSKY: A Night on Bald Mountain<br />SCHUBERT: Ave Maria
1400032717|5.0|Written from the perspective of a teenage boy with autism, the story allowed me access to the inner workings of a mind many of us never understand.  I was delighted with the story even when it momentarily confused me.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I CAN'T STOP LISTENING TO THIS CD. I HOPE SHE TOURS AMERICA.  WHAT A STORY, WHAT A VOICE!  SUSAN YOU ARE AN INSPIRATION.
B002UXRH10|5.0|So I love this cd.At first I was kind of worried,because all the bad reviews I heard about and low sales,but I planned on buying this anyway.Well I finally ordered it,and I must say I was not disappointed at all,it was total opposite.I loved evry song from begining to the end. \\"Hard\\" \\"Fire Bomb\\",\\"Rude Boy\\",and \\"G4L\\" are some of my faves,acutually I really could listen toe whole album.There is some profanity,but I like it.I think this shows a different side of rihanna that we never knew.I definetly recommend people to purchase this cd.Its different from what you usually hear from Rihanna,but different in a good way
B002LB4F2U|5.0|This is a great album.  It's more majestic and symphonic than Leaves' Eyes previous works, and Liv's vocals are fantastic -- in addition to her usual beautiful, soft, haunting style she often uses a soaring, operatic voice (more like Sharon den Adel).  I'm someone who has always been a bit disappointed in LE's material compared to Liv's work on Aegis for Theatre of Tragedy, but no more.  Froya's Theme is especially epic.
B0021L8UPS|5.0|This is such a great movie!! I wanted to go to the theater to see it,but I never made it. So when I found out it was on dvd I wanted.I ordered it,and I must say that I was on the edge of my seat.You never knew what esther was going to do next.There was never a dull moment.I espicially loved the twist,which I won't give away,but trust me its a good one,and I never expected.I would recommend this movie,and I got it at a really good price $8.99 you can't beat that
B002OHB3CG|5.0|I ordered this CD from the Netherlands, but fortunately it will soon be out in the US.  This is a great performance by Within Temptation.  The new acoustic arrangements are fun to listen to, and they allow Sharon's incredible vocals to stand out even more.  Also, WT manages to retain their trademark power and drama using orchestral instruments instead of electric guitars.  My favorite songs are the new versions of Caged and The Cross.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I've owned several pairs of headphones over the years and the 7506's are by far my favorite. If you want to hear your music accurately then these are the headphones for you.
0061537969|5.0|This is ther first book I have read since college. I bought it because there was a dog on the cover. I was not too keen on all the racing stuff but loved the book. the sotry line was excellent and Enzo was just so lovable and wonderful. It was a great, easy read.
1584282584|4.0|After reading this book your photos using flash will not look like flash photos. The chapters build your knowledge in a natural way and there is no problem of understanding for people who have not the english language as the mother language. The examples give you a good idea of what to do and you will adjust the technique yourself.I recommend this book for people having allready some knowledge about photography and use of flash.
B002NWRMVS|3.0|Nice background music but there isn't much there to make you bother to play it a second time.  Very disappointed.
B0012GN3RI|5.0|What is wrong with me, I have overlook this album when I was kid due to the lame Album cover.  Let's just say, I'm freaking out, this Album is amazing.  I can't belive that this album was written back in the 80's, it's better than the crap thats out there now.  Thundersteel has probally one of the top guitar solo's I've have ever heard and a sweet harmoning solo that will blow Master of Puppets away.  Fight or Fall, will have you headbanging and singing in the chrous.  Bloodstreets is another winner, hell I like all the songs in this record.  Why wasn't this music push out more in the 80's, this album is sweet. They need to do and aniversary set of this historic album. If you like high vocals check this album out the singer of Riot can put Queensryche singer to shame.   It is a bargin, you will thank me for it.  I've been having this album in the background while playing COD moderwarfare 2, it's been motivating me to rack points.  Metal Forever!!!!!
B001GSV3EC|5.0|You know that invigorating sense of cleansing & renewal you get after seeing a real great musical show? It's an indescribable feeling of elation and I hope you as a music fan reach this place as often as you can because it's a rarified treat for your soul. If you're in dire need of this sensation; of truly being impressed, cleansed & renewed, this Jeff Beck show will take you there, I promise...I have been an ardent fan of Jazz-Rock-Blues-Fusion since I was 13 years old and currently 44 with never a dull moment spent musically. What is witnessed herein may be the high water mark of all my dedicated years of fanship. The DVD is what you want to see; plain & simple. I hear the CD short changes some fun tunes that complete the esoteric musical journey. The DVD's the biggest bang for your buck and you can fold your friends and family into the mix with repeated viewing; It will likely be required. This is quite an eyebrow raising experience and it's not that it's just Jeff Beck, it's other worldly. That's all I can eek out at this moment in time because I'm still in absolute awe of what I just saw. Performing This Week-Live at Ronnie Scotts is suddenly that important of a scene. Be there, get it and marvel in it's impactful purity.
B000000ORX|5.0|In high school (I'm thirty now), I went through a phase, after hearing Blue, during which I had to hear everything this woman recorded.  To me, Joni is the single most brilliant songwriter of all time, and has spoken brilliantly and eloquently about human nature, in all its joys and frailties.  I pretty much like virtually everything she has done.    Having said that, \\"Night Ride Home\\" is a masterpiece among a very, very fine canon of albums.  The title track was a joy to hear ten years ago, and it still is.  It belongs beautifully on \\"Blue\\" and, of course, its lyrics are second to none.  How can one not love and be in awe when she croons:  \\"Back at the bar, the band tears down, but out here in the headlight beams, the silver power lines, gleam on this fourth of July.. Night ride home.\\"      The other tracks are just as superb, with standouts being:  \\"Cherokee Louise,\\"  \\"Two Grey Rooms,\\", \\"The Only Joy in Town,\\" and \\"Slouching Towards Bethlehem\\" (which was actually presented by my English Prof. at Columbia, to be studied).  Her music and lyrics, as so many here have said, are like a fine painting.      Check it out.  Thanks Joni for such joy.
0060558121|5.0|I can say little more than this book was wildly entertaining and original.  I think this is some of his best work.  I wish there were more writers willing to go out and do interesting out-of-the-box works like this.  Do yourself and your brain a favor and read this one.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I just had to add my experience with this album, as it apparently touched so many people in such profound ways.  I'll keep it short:  I first heard this album in college (8 years ago), when it first came out.  Within a week, there wasn't a kid on campus who didn't own this album, and have it on repeat in our cd players.      The true testament to the power and artistic brilliance of this album is, as many reviewers have mentioned, the fact that this album completely transcended human differences (I can only think of one other \\"recent\\" album that achieved this, Tracy Chapman's debut).      When this album hit, every 20-year old I knew had it, every traditional rap/hip-hop fan had it, every stuffy music critic loved it, AND, even the baby boomer generation (which, let's face it, tends to think any album after \\"Blood on the Tracks\\" is crap- unless it's another Dylan album, that is) finally bit the bullet and bought it.  And they loved it too!    THIS is what hip-hop and R & B, in the great traditions of Marvin Gaye, Aretha Franklin, Gladys Knight and the Pips, etc, should be about.  This was an album that not only refused to glorify violence, materialism, and sexism, it actually condemned them!   Selling over 7million albums in the US alone (and counting), I hope that this album has made younger people aware that music can be hardcore AND intelligent, provocative AND classy.    BRAVO.
0316017922|5.0|A fantastic book for the curious and expanding mind. There is always more to learn from the success or mistakes of others. Could undo some misconceptions.
B000KUD2G4|5.0|Awesome product!!! Does what it's supposed to do and does it well!!! Highly recommended!!! Oh, and price wise beats the competitors!!!
B0009XNUK0|5.0|This double cd pack included many of the older songs that I love by M.J. You get a pretty good selection of his songs for a very reasonable price.
B0000C9V3T|4.0|Has some good catchy songs that are fun to listen to. Also some unexpected monologues from the movie and some that weren't included in the movie. This makes the CD perhaps a bit less listenable as a whole. All in all pretty good though.
B001FB4W0W|4.0|I watched this series with my girlfriend after she read the books, as I have no interest in words on paper.  True blood is both raunchy and mysterious, like a more adult twilight without all the ridiculous teenage emotions and whining.
0385504225|5.0|we received very good service.  it was easy to order and the item came here incredibly fast.
B000TGJ8CQ|5.0|Start a little bit slow but picks up and you're riveted to the screen! And as usual you don't want the story / movie to end because it is so good...
B001VPJYZK|4.0|this is another good series to go with the others ,if you have watched the other 4 series then this is a must .brian
B001EOQWF8|1.0|Greedy studio has crippled the disc so it won't play on an Australian player.    Indefensible.
B001S86J2Q|1.0|I agree with other reviews the quality of this dvd is the worst I have seen,  what went wrong?????  I have over 500 dvd's in my collection and this  dvd is the worst quality. It is VERY grainy looks like a worn tape.
B001RIY4WE|1.0|Can't play it. Greedy Hollywood company has added region coding crippling to the disc so that Australians and other overseas customers can't watch it.    Inexcusable.    And they wonder why people resort to p1racy.
B001KOFH2G|5.0|Brilliant movie, continuing the fantastic Joss Whedon \\"Firefly\\" series. (You don't need to have seen the show to watch the movie though.)    Looks amazing on blu-ray, and the features - including a picture-in-picture visual commentary, which is amazing and I'd love to see on other discs - are excellent.    And it's not region-crippled.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|What a great movie! Heath gives us an incredible performance - Heath you're missed!  This is the best Batman movie by far. It's deserves more than 5 stars!
B0006B29Z2|5.0|Where's Part 2 ???    This DVD package is too good not to have a part 2.     I hope the band is planning to continue with a part 2...
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Excelent. Something supreme can be more than that. Beatles de luxe and in one pack. Dou you need something more?
1569242739|5.0|This is definitely a \\"Girls Just Wanna Have Fun\\" cookbook.  My daughters and I enjoy trying these recipes and I am attempting to convert some of them into a wheat free option.  We were just invited to a vegan cupcake and champagne party (love the combination) so we are thinking of going with the Hazelnut cupcakes.  Twyla  [...]
1416594787|5.0|I rated this book a five, and regret I couldn't give it a higher rating.    However, material such as this unfortunately has one major flaw.  People who accept the fact of evolution will read it, enjoy it, and come out with, perhaps, and even better understanding of Evolution and Natural Selection.  If, somehow, a creationist is tricked into reading it, they'll simply shut their eyes, turn off their brains, and just deny it exists.    So it's not going to win over many, if any creationists, simply because they don't really enjoy listening to fact, reason, or logic.    That said, the book is written in Dawkins' classic style.  Every word is seemingly chosen with meticulous care, and it shows.  The most complex subject is elegantly broken down and well understood, and each chapter is filled with many interesting digressions.    Even if you're well educated on Evolution I still highly suggest reading this.  If anything, it will give you a new understanding of the subject as well as a new appreciation for, what Dawkins calls, The Greatest Show on Earth.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I am grad that the world found her.  She is one of few singers that made me being in tears.  When I first saw her audition on Youtube on a whim, I ended up being in tears reaching for my tissue box, not even knowing what that foreign song says.   I sometimes experience this when I go to musicals, but still it is rare.   Music is universal language.   Real singers are able to move our emotions.... I believe she is one of those who accomposhes this.  I hope she will continue giving her great talents to the world.    About this CD, I like this very much, however the back music is a little too strong, and distracting for me.  I would like to hear more of her voice, not musical instruments at all.  She needs very little of the back music, or even none.  Her voice alone is capable of producing a great music.    PS: I am grad that Suzan finally visited Japan.  What a surprise.  She appeared as a special guest singer and sung \\"I dreamed a dream\\" on the national TV station's famous and prestigious music program, which has been on the air every year on the night of 31st of December since 1951 and has such a high percentage of audience shares (more than 40%), inviting many successful domestic singers to sing.  The national TV station explained that this year they invited Suzan because she is very well suited to their 2009 program theme \\"the infinite power of singing to change the world.\\"  Indeed, I think the county stunned at her voice..... Well, I hope Suzan's parents has seen it from heaven !
B0029O08WA|4.0|At first I didn't like it because I thought the songs all sounded alike, but after listening to it a few times, I've come to like it.  The music is primarily alternative rock in genre, which I always favor.
B000MQ54OO|5.0|A excelent Movie!!! Mumble is the Best, along with Ramón! Definately worth watching over and over again.
B00005YAMV|5.0|This album is often regarded as Bob Dylan's truest folk album.  Before the electric tour of 1965, this album became the definitive Bob Dylan LP.  An amazing mix of Guthrie inspired lyrics and Dylan writing during his happier years (with Joan Biaz and without the amphetamines) make this a must have in the Dylan anthology.
B000002HHB|1.0|There is nothing wrong with Natalie Merchant's voice, but every song on this CD sounds alike and is incredibly boring. Check out the song samples for yourself.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|Wonderful album of Leonard & his magnificent band on the road.  After losing most of his retirement funds to a scamming financial manager, Leonard had to go make some $ for his \\"old age\\".  So, tickets to his tour were/are expensive, but as the music in this album attests, still a bargain.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|I rarely write reviews for a few reasons but mainly because I'm to lazy too but since this was my first time buying something off amazon and that I truly loved I felt that I should at least say a few things about it. One, rarely oder things off line due to a few bad experiences so I must say I was completely amazed on how quickly I got my pack in the mail form amazon. Now I see why people show here offend. Two, I just got in to the show in the second season and just fell in love. After watching the second season I found myself wanting so much more! Thus buying season one. If youre reading this review and wondering whether you should spend the $40 bucks on the first season I am telling you that its with every penny! Its well worth it! I cant wait to watch season two!!
B001IUBZAU|3.0|This is straight up AC/DC.  There are real good songs on this but like some of their recent, they all sound the same.  It's almost like if you listen to the first song you've pretty much heard the entire album.  None the less they still kick, especially for being in their golden years.
B000P0J0AG|5.0|I just watched this movie again on some commercial station. It's still great. But one thing about it that I've never seen mentioned. I don't think deniro and pacino are ever in this movie at the same time. You never see their faces together at the same time(I don't think). In the restaurant, when they're talking to each other, you see one face and the back of the other's head. Same with the ending. you never see the faces together. If someone can point to a scene where you see both faces, tell me. I think when they are together , the director used doubles. Prove me wrong and I will send you a brand new dollar. It's still a great movie.
B00004RF8J|5.0|Little Shop is a fun enjoyable movie.  Great cast and great musical numbers.      I not a big fan of the Snap-Case.  I don't think it protects the DVD that well and I've had the DVD break loose from the hub during shipping.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Words cannot explain how wonderful this cd is.  During this hustle bustle time of shopping and traffic, I just put Susan's singing on and it brings peace to the world.  I already look forward to the next cd.
B000OA5Q9G|5.0|A clasic James Clavel novel. Steeped in period Japanese culture, it is exciting - a great \\"can't put in down\\" 2-volume series.
6304535570|5.0|I watched Val Kilmer's The Saint several times and really enjoyed. It is one of my most favorite movies. However, for some reason, The Saint was not the hugest hit at the box office. After buying the its DVD and watching it many times, I wonder why.  His acting was great. Val Kilmar once again proves that he is one of the most multi-dimensional actors of our time. Just think of all the different types of roles that he's played in movies over the years. In The Saint, he gets to assume even more roles with his constant disguise changes and varying voice inflections. Elizabeth Shue was great as well. For many reasons, I believe that The Saint is one of the best movies of our time.    Hasan Alsancak
B001P06GX4|4.0|You can teach this game to someone in five minutes and play a whole game in half an hour.  It is a great party game and good for introducing people who aren't really \\"into\\" more complicated board games to the genre of table game playing.  I would recommend it as an addition for any board game collection, but it got only four stars from me because my husband (who loves the more complicated games) often tires of it and will not play.  So be advised, most people will love it, some people will rapidly get bored when playing because of the simplicity.
0451529308|5.0|I must have read this book a dozen times before I graduated from junior high, but it is still a favorite of mine. Even after first reading it 15 years or re-reading it, I still cry when Beth dies, laugh when the sisters write and star in their own plays and pull for Jo as she makes a way for herself in a man's world. If you are looking for a perfect gift for a daughter or sister this rich story of the relationships between these young women is without a doubt a solid choice. It's also a winner if you are just looking for a great story to fall in love with and enjoy for years to come, this is a rare gem that will be more than worth the price. I can't recommend this book strongly enough. In fact I am beginning to read it again even now!
B000WZAE1I|3.0|Stardust was someone's great idea for movie fantasy with lots of high tech special effects and a wonderful story line. Unfortunately \\"someone\\" had a \\"casting agenda\\".  The fallen star heroine is played by the less-than-attractive Claire Danes while a \\"totally beautiful Sienna Miller\\" is completely mis-cast as the bithchy stuck-up girl friend. Likewise, Charlie Cox isn't really \\"leading man material\\" but \\"someone\\" seems determined to make the viewer buy it. Robert DeNiro is \\"awful\\" as the \\"closet gay pirate captain\\" (The \\"only\\" movie I've ever \\"not\\" liked DeNiro in).What a waste. This could have been a \\"classic\\" fanstasy movie. Now it's just a flagrant nepotistic showcase for the power of Hollywood \\"insiders' vain promotion\\" of their relatives and family members. They'd be more believable as an industry if they just released their \\"backyard home movies\\".
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|thank you again Amazon, this vendor did a great job, timely shipping at a great price in great condition!
B0026RHR6K|5.0|Watching a series for 4 years, one tends to forget sequences of events.  But watching BATTLESTAR GALACTICA: THE COMPLETE SERIES makes me realize that the creators had A PLAN right from the beginning. It's all there in the very first film, and builds with each episode.  Knowing what happens next (and Finally) makes the plot even more exquisite.  This set is a MUST-HAVE for any one who has journeyed with BSG!
0812548094|5.0|I am truly loving this series.  Can't wait to read Blood of the Fold.  I really wish they were all available on the Kindle.
0316017922|4.0|Enjoyed the book, a fun quick read, about 1-2 days worth. My criticism is that Gladwell makes some sensationalized stretches of logic (Asians are good at math because their ancestors worked in rice paddies), when his smaller claims can be just as powerful (students are good at math because they work hard).    Gladwell's specialty is in bringing unconventional explanations of ordinary concepts. For better or worse, he doesn't try very hard to show his audience how these perspectives can influence our own behavior.    Upon introspection, however, the two most significant self-help concepts I brought out of this book were engaging and compelling lessons on the value of hard work (Asians and math) and the value of honest communication (Korean pilots)...lessons that I enjoy sharing with my colleagues, students, and friends.
B0007MWZEK|5.0|This product does a great job at what it was intended for - sweeping solid surfaces.  If you have tile or wood floors, you will love this sweeper!  I have not had any issues with the unit ... I assembled everything without instructions.<br /><br />The unit even comes with a small cleaning tool which attaches to the pole for easy reference ... all sweepers should have this!:)  Would I use the sweeper for carpet?  Not exactly:)  The unit is great for hardwood - not carpet:)  Keep in mind, this sweeper does not SUCK - it SWEEPS!:)  A standard, heavy sweeper using sucking power to pull dirt; this unit sweeps the dirt.<br /><br />The unit is lightweight and EASY to use:)  This unit is not intended to replace your existing sweeper ... it is intended to replace your broom and dust pan:)  If you purchase the unit with this understanding, you will be fully satisfied.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|This is a must album for any Leonard Cohen fan.  Each time I listen to the CD I find it more interesting and enjoyable.  What fantasic music and poetry! Leonard has been around for a long time and hasn't lost a beat.
B000UD08HW|5.0|I have numerous blu-ray rock concerts, but this is my favorite.  Full-disclosure, I was a Pink Floyd fanatic as a teenager.  The sound quality is phenomenal.
0805053883|5.0|A great sequel to Brown Bear Brown Bear. My 15 month old daughter loves both. Great Pictures.
B000VS6QTK|5.0|I am only allowed to listen to this when no one else is in the house.  It is the loudest blu-ray I own.  The music is phenomenal through a surround sound system.  DVDs fall off my shelf and I actually fried one of my speakers.  I had to purchase a whole new set of speakers that could simply handle the audio output.  The guitar work is the best.  So far no broken windows.
0399246665|2.0|I was very disappointed when i recieved the book set. It is not your typical Eric carle Book, Each page has a picture and the word but above you have to flip through the whole book to find the matching word. It's kind of hard to explain.  Stick with Brown Bear Brown bear and the other classic Eric Carle books, this one really sucks.
B002NXSRX4|5.0|Forget the source material. They took some beloved characters we all grew up with and threw them into a great, action-packed movie. As long as you are okay with letting go of the source material, the movie had a very well-written plot that keeps one in suspense for the entirety of the film. The acting was above average, but not the best, and the CGI was amazing as well as the action. Overall, a five star experience.
B000002KXV|5.0|This is classy jazzy pop/rock with Fagen's signature flair. It is just as good as anything that Steely Dan ever put out. As a matter of fact, it is probably even catchier than the Dan's material. It leans more into pop territory than into rock as compared to Steely Dan. If you are familiar with them, you will find this is a softer continuation of their sound.    This is supposedly a concept album. I didn't follow that. I just heard the music and fell in love with this album. Donald Fagen is a brilliant songwriter/piano player and vocalist. He is original and can hold his own with the best of the industry. There isn't a weak track in the bunch, and the only weakness is how short the album is by today's standards, coming in at only 8 songs. This is for adult, contemporary fans and fans of intelligent music in general.  All of the songs are highlights.
B0006L0LNY|4.0|I always wanted to have a copy, but never seemed to remember when I was in the store. Excellent Service !!
B0000DYJM6|4.0|This might as well be a full blown album. The songs are that good. Almost all of them are great. There is a definite Led Zeppelin influence throughout the album, along with some other strange twists such as the surfer-rock Gremmie Out Of Control and the Chili Pepper homage, Dirty Frank. That is what I like most about this collection; its eclectic variety that is more hit than miss.     Pearl Jam are a very capable band that can incorporate any style or mood into their sound and make it their own. There's a little less of the noisy punk-influenced numbers that they do sometimes. This is a good thing. The music here is much easier to digest. Not that they didn't create masterpieces before, they've made a few. The punkier songs are usually a little harder to like, although I'm sure that they attract a certain kind of fan and give the band an edgier street credibility. I'm not fooled by that though. This is a college-rock band that has as much depth lyrically and musically as any other classic rock band that came before them. They can rock, weep and lead in grand fashion and it's still only rock and roll. This is a great album for both beginner and hardcore PJ fans alike. Recommended... Highlights include:    Sad  Down  Hitchhiker  Don't Gimme No Lip  Alone  In The Moonlight  Education  You  Gremmie Out Of Control  Undone  Hold On  Yellow Ledbetter  Fatal  Drifting  Last Kiss  Dirty Frank  Brother
6304539282|5.0|We enjoyed the first (1st) set so much, we wore them out.  Liked the changes (additions).
B000F4RHB6|1.0|Unfortunately this CD was damaged which I didnt notice until I put it in my car CD player.  Now I cannot get the CD back out, and will probably have to pay a $100 or so for a shop to get the CD out so I can use my car CD player again.
0385532458|2.0|John Grisham let me down.  These stories just \\"ended\\" abruptly.  Not his best writing.  Too bad.
B0019X3YXM|3.0|I've seen the original twice.  As a native Korean, I loved the original movie.  It's a laugh-out-loud movie but also a heart-warming romantic comedy, excellently done by the two main actors.  A definite keeper.<br /><br />I was very curious to find out that they've done an American remake of the film.  As the original movie had a very distinct Korean culture, I was excited to see how they've turned it into an American film.  I expected to see much change in the plot but surprisingly there were many familiar scenes.  The scene on the subway and the games that the girl plays were all in the American version.  Even the rose scene which was a significant part in the original movie was kept in tact.  Unlike other reviewers, I was actually disappointed that they kept so many of the original movie.  I'm grateful that the film makers showed respect to the original movie but they forget that the original movie was geared towards a Korean audience which is why the craziness of a cute girl works.  In many Korean films, it is quite common to see a girl's charm manifested in her obnoxious behaviour and such.  But I wasn't convinced of it in the American version.  The girl just was really annoying and I was annoyed with the guy for taking such crap from a crazy girl.<br /><br />I think the movie should've been more Americanized.  It has a such a sweet story to it but the film makers' over sensitivity to the original movie was, in my opinion, a hindrance to recreating this film.  Lakehouse is another movie that was adapted from a very well known Korean film.  They kept the spirit of the original but changed quite a lot of the plot and even changed the characters a little bit, to suit an American audience and look how well that turned out.<br /><br />When a film is being remade, although there should be some homage to the original, the remade movie should still be able to stand on its own.  As for this film, if I hadn't seen the original movie, I would've given this film less than three stars.
B00005RDCM|4.0|The two previously unreleased track are obvious b-tracks. The best part of owning this is the alternate logo.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This version is with British narrator David Attenborough, and it has 1080p resolution. Got it from one of Amazon's merchants much cheaper than advertised, and much sooner than I was told.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|This really came in handy with my McClaren Volo - a very lightweight umbrella stroller. When I bought the stroller originally, the other cupholder could only be attached at an angle on the side of the stroller - drinks that were open even slightly would slosh all over the place. This stroller buddy saved me! Love it.
B001FB562U|2.0|Despite the drama, heaertbreak and hope conveyed by the novel on which it is based, this film is a laborious, repetitive one-note story rendered clausterphobic by the fact that nearly all of the screen time is taken up by the same two characters. Additionally, the \\"Father\\" tends to mumble and swallow his words which makes it even less appealing.  If you've already read the book and remember the ending, this movie is probably not going to work for you.
B001GM28HO|3.0|When Lady Gaga (only one capital G, people) first came out with \\"Just Dance\\", I didn't pay that much attention to her. Not that it isn't a good song, but it didn't really sound much different from any other club hit out there. But the follow-up single \\"Poker Face\\" told me that maybe she WASN'T just a flash-in-the-pan artist. So I finally got around to listening to The Fame.<br /><br />My favorite song on the album is \\"Poker Face\\", but other highlights include \\"Paparazzi\\" and the interesting \\"Money Honey\\" (it looks a little cheesy on paper, but it works). And the version of the album I have doesn't have \\"Again Again\\"; it instead includes a song called \\"Starstruck\\" that features Flo Rida sounding much better than he usually does. Also, for those of you that don't realize Gaga can actually sing, \\"Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)\\" should let you know.<br /><br />There's also \\"I Like It Rough\\", which is a good finish to the album (but if you think you know what that song is going to be about, think again). Is The Fame a classic album? Well, no, because there are a few tracks I can do without, like \\"Beautiful, Dirty, Rich\\" and the two-in-a-row of \\"Boys Boys Boys\\" and \\"Brown Eyes\\". And \\"Summerboy\\" is pretty okay. Although Ms. Germanotta is probably better known for her outlandish live performances than anything else (VMAs, anyone?), this album is still proof that she has what it takes. I'll listen to her EP [[ASIN:B002W6Z0UK The Fame Monster]] next. (By the way, where can I find the song \\"Paper Gangsta\\"?)<br /><br />Anthony Rupert
B000FGGE68|5.0|Ultraviolet is the ultimate science fiction/comic book hero. The action sequences outdo the skills and camera work of \\"The Matrix\\" and \\"Kill Bill\\" with Milla Jovovich giving her best performance to date. She is the \\"Titan...the Monolith\\" in an underground society fighting to save a young boy, and the people of earth from a heartless ruling class. The cinemaphotography is excellent as are the action shots. It's a classic science fiction/comic book action thriller that is easily watched over and over.
0385532458|5.0|I read \\"Ford County\\" from Sacramento, California to Atlanta, GA.  It was good entertainment!  I enjoyed the short stories and how they kept me in suspense.  I am a true John Grisham fan!
B002QEXN2K|4.0|Unreal how harsh these reviews have been. You'd think people are waiting for John to reinvent the wheel. This is a very solid and beautiful record. I've listened to it a few times through and think it is fantastic. Can't someone just have a career anymore and release the albums that made them what they are and a few albums that sustain that career.. This is just that album. Just smooth John Mayer.. Not trying to prove anything and not trying to win over anyone new. A very solid record I would be proud to put out. I seriously can't believe the criticism. Too much expectation. And for what??? this guy has given us so much great music.. So every song isn't a 10.. There is enough good solid music here to please any \\"true\\" John Mayer fan..Love you bro! J
B000HT3PPG|5.0|Living in CT growing up, I had many opportunities to see the Thanksgiving parade in NY.  Macy's was one of our favorite stores to shop and visit and of course, see Santa Clause.  My mother would make a whole day of it, take the train into Grand Central Station, eat at the auto-mat, across the street, then on to Macy's.  With me came the family, brothers and sisters.  We always had fun and this movie reminds me of when I was young and everything seem like a Miracle in NY at Christmas time.
B000089RVX|5.0|I had listened to the CD when friends let me borrow it before, but having my own copy has made it even better.  With a great combination of dark undertones and complex melodies, Fallen can evoke a variety of emotions from the listener.  I enjoyed it for years before, and I will enjoy for many years from now.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan truly has a powerful voice, and she sings with feeling and love. Physically she is not what we have come to expect in the entertainment world. She is more of an everyday person like many of us, with a soul and talent that shine through. I am happy she was discovered and her moment of fame is for us to enjoy.
1439102813|5.0|This is a very well written book that provided useful insights into the how alzheimers develops and its genetic link.  It is easy to read which I appreciate.  No unnecessary verbiage and descriptions.  Just the right amount of writing to paint a picture of what is happening to Alice, her family, and the treatment process.  It was recommended to me by a friend who loved it and it and I in turn recommended it to my mom who also liked it.  I applaud Lisa Genova for self-publishing and not allowing a terrific book lay fallow.
B00006D295|4.0|Ok. It's the real thing but, as warned on the packet but NOT in the on-line description, this is a \\"double layer\\" recording which causes the sound to be frequently ou-of-sync with the image. Annoying but tolerable.
0307408833|1.0|I wish my mother had read the reviews before she purchased this book. I have had so many problems that I actually wrote to the bakery looking for guidance. They responded quickly and politely, but gave no suggestions that I had not already tried myself. I am no stranger to alternative ingrediants. I was Vegan for years, than raw, and now I am wheat & gluten free. While the baking has been a bit more hit and miss for me along this gluten free venture, I have not yet run across so many disasters. The cupcakes were not even eatable! And they were presented to a gluten free crowd. They went right into the trash. The biscuits I made twice. I had to double the recipe to get anything resembling a biscuit. I could not get them to brown either time, unlike thier golden color in the picture. I had some gluten free friends who said the flavor was not bad, but I thought they were as flavorful as flour paste!. I made the cornbread and it was so greasy my parrot would not even eat it, and he has never turned down a peice of cornbread in 25 years! I thought the flavor was not to bad, but it was just too greasy. I followed the recipes to the letter, I went out and purchased all new measure cups, traveled high and low, and to several stores, over the course of several days to gather the ingrediants. All of this only to be completely dissapointed. I do not mind spending money on quality ingrediants, but beware...these recipes cost a small fortune to make. I am baffled. The bakery is a hit obviously, so I am with most of the reviews on here.....something has gotten lost in translation. I won't even give this book away. I have never written a review before, but felt I had to in this case.
B001AVCFK6|3.0|Disappointing illogical story. Just as Hulk #1 failed b/c of liberties taken by Hollywood, discarding decades of fans, so too did this movie discard fans as well as logic.  We know from prior Star Treks that time travel is possible.  We know that Spock (elder) is aware of these strategies as well as being in possession of red material to allow space travel.  Despite watching his planet destroyed, he failed to invoke time travel to reverse the genocide!!!    Kirk was promoted from cadet to captain!!!! Only in real life is lack of experience recognized to allow promotion to the most demanding job position.  (Sorry for the political slide!)    Spock is shown to be arrogant yet suddenly becomes submissive to illogical Kirk!!!    Nero has enormous power and technology as his disposal but he elects to kill instead of preventing his homeworld's destruction!!!    Scottie has the enormous skills but he is marooned on a remote world instead of applying those skills for the Federation!!!    Innumerable plot holes reveal another Hollywood mistake.  It's the story that we seek, not the special effects.
0802130208|1.0|This is the first, and may certainly be the last review I will write and post online. I can think of no book more deserving than A Confederacy of Dunces, the most horrible book I have ever had the misfortune to be forced to read.     Sitting in a college \\"Dark Humor in American Fiction\\" class, I was told that this novel was going to be the funniest thing I had ever read. I would be sitting there howling with laughter while reading. I was excited, considering myself well-read in terms of humor, eager to pick up another book to add to my collection of awesome reads. Something in the back of my head told me, though, that I was going to be sorely disappointed. I have to admit I was wrong... I was more than disappointed. I was betrayed.     I have read every single one of the 394 pages in my copy of the novel, and have re-explored most of them through class discussions. I think that perhaps three times throughout the entire novel did I even crack a smile. Ignatius J. Reilly is without a doubt the most disgusting, grotesque, horrific, lazy, worthless, annoying, insufferable, God-awful character that I have ever had to endure. This book is not worth the ink it took to print it nor the time it takes to read it. My only wish is that I could purge my brain of every element of this novel and never, ever think of it again.    If you have even an ounce of good taste, stay far far far away from this novel.
078513915X|5.0|I was very pleased with this comic book style version of P&P. It was true to the book and also true to the 2005 movie. I really loved the cover art made to look like a fashion magazine.
B00177YA1K|5.0|came right on time, in good condition, & very well enjoyed  100% happy with service
B0000041Z6|5.0|I've never heard the entire Mahler symphonies in one package and this  one is extra special. The renditions by Solti and the Chicago Symphony are  superb. The soloists in the selected symphonies are moving and incredible.  I have already transferred the pieces onto my Blackberry for my morning commute  into Boston. Thank you!
B0002KVULG|5.0|had this on vhs, wanted to up date. arrived on time & in great condition.
B000026OW3|5.0|I did not appreciate these recordings when I first heard them in the mid 70s.  I initially found that other pianists were able to add their personalities to Chopin and make the music more showy and exciting.  However, Rubinstein does something far more sublime.  He finds the essential musical feeling in almost every phrase without being showy or ostentatious.  They are recordings to be savored.  Over time, it has become difficult for me to listen to any Chopin recordings other than these.
B001PR0YDA|4.0|For the purposes of this review I won't bother getting into the on-going debate about \\"realistic\\" vs \\"creepy\\" in the CGI animated characters such as those here or in Zemeckis' other famed holiday film, [[ASIN:B000AGTPUK The Polar Express (Widescreen Edition)]], other than to say coming out of the full theatre I heard many comments along the lines of \\"HOW did they make that look so REAL? You could see every whisker... and the cracks in the leather!\\" and I heard no comments along the lines of \\"those characters just didn't quite look right...\\"<br /><br />This new version of Dickens' classic marries much of the original prose with the ability to do eye-popping scenes with computer-aided animation.  I waited to see the chestnuts that mark a faithful presentation, beginning with Old Ebenezer's opening interaction with nephew Fred:<br /><br />SCROOGE:  What reason have you to be merry? You're poor enough.<br /><br />FRED:  What right have you to be dismal? You're rich enough.<br /><br />Dickens' original text is rather faithfully followed, and many scenes that previously relied heavily on the audience's imagination are more than fully fleshed out.  At appropriate times Zemeckis concentrates on important details in a way a stage adaptation could not: Marley's appearance is heralded by a single bell that begins to sway to and fro, then gently clinking, then finally loudly clanging, accompanied by every bell in Scrooge's house.<br /><br />We know that Scrooge is guided about by the three ghosts - the Ghost of Christmas Past carries him out of London and over snow-covered countryside to the home of his youth.  The Ghost of Christmas Present gives a new take on Scrooge's looks at events taking place: the floor of Scrooge's parlor is rendered invisible and the Ghost magically moves the floor over London - to the Cratchit home, then to the party going on at Fred's.  The Spirit of Yules Yet To Come is ingeniously manifest as only a shadow, taking solid form only when the Spirit needs to point an eery black bony finger at the next ghastly site in Scrooge's future.<br /><br />But the filmmakers must have been intoxicated with the animated ability to zoom us back and forth.  The trips listed above are interesting and, given the spirit of the tale, appropriate.  I'll even fail to criticize the transition between \\"Past\\" and \\"Present\\", a segue that involves Scrooge mounting the cap of Christmas past - a \\"hat\\" that looks like a stainless steel megaphone.  The cap blasts off towards the moon like the Space Shuttle and we get to see the silhouette of Scrooge flailing across an E.T. inspired broad moon face.<br /><br />I cannot give a similar pass to another \\"chase\\" scene - Scrooge is chased halfway across the City by a ghostly hearse pulled by demonic black horses with fiery red eyes.  You remember that scene from Dickens, right?  No doubt you recall that Scrooge escapes by being magically shrunk to six inches and diving into a drain-pipe.  Mini-Scrooge is deposited into the scene where his housekeeper is rifling through his bed curtains - perhaps most distracting, six-inch Ebenezer is given a voice about three octaves above Alvin and the Chipmunk - for the LIFE of me I could scarcely understand a word he squeaked before being chased out of the room with a broom alongside a mouse.<br /><br />A word must be given in praise of the voice actors: Jim Carrey is frankly magnificent as not only Scrooge, but also as the various spirits.  If you're going to make a Holiday tradition of a Jim Carrey film, choose this one over [[ASIN:B00006AFF5 Dr. Seuss' How The Grinch Stole Christmas (Deluxe Edition)]]. Gary Oldman brings the male Cratchits and Jacob Marley to life.  You can feel the jolliness Bob Hoskins brought to old Fezziwig, and Colin Firth is perfect as the kind-spirited Fred.<br /><br />The heart and soul of A Christmas Carol involves Scrooge's transformation from lonely old skinflint to \\"and it was always said of him, that he knew how to keep Christmaswell\\".  Our theatre was full of satisfied customers - but I wish Zemeckis had been slightly MORE inspired by Dickens, and slightly less by George Lucas' mantra of \\"movement through the frame.\\"meckis had been slightly MORE inspired by Dickens, and slightly less by George Lucas' mantra of \\"movement through the frame.\\"
B0024FAR5M|5.0|Me and my friends get together every tuesday to watch SOA. I've recommended SOA to others and they got hooked just as much as I have. Definitely the best show on t.v. right now. Season 2 just ended and will be coming to dvd in a bit I imagine, get caught up and get ready for the ride!
B00006L83N|1.0|1 1/2    With rare flights of fancy that exceed many symphonic-prog cliches, technically minded soloing cannot breathe life into washed out, throaty riff-rock encapsulated by an over-bloated finale that cannot grasp the ambition it may have in mind.
0312370849|3.0|I must admit that I found this book a surprise page-turner - sort of like a really junky, Lifetime movie when you're home with a cold.  It's very melodramatic, overly plotted but does shine a light on the French complicity in the Holocaust. Some historians might have us believe that all French citizens worked for the resistance but this certainly tells another,and probably more accurate, view.      The story is predictable, the heroine's motivations seemed a bit obessive, but it was still a touching tale - especially, as other reviewers have stated, before Sarah herself dropped out of the story.  There were lots of plot lines and the author tied them all up very neatly - a bit too neatly for my taste.      It was my book club's choice this month - not really the quality of writing we try to read but a good book for a \\"semi-junky\\" read.  Can't wait to see the Lifetime movie.
0061649694|5.0|Coraline by Neil Gaiman is the story of a girl who only wanted adventure, which her boring and bland parents failed to even acknowledge. Coraline Jones is that girl, and after moving from her home in Oregon things turn out to really stink. She has no friends, no fun, and she lives in a run down house filled with bugs and mice. When reading this book your imagination is stimulated so much you can create life like images in your head. You can see the house, and even feel it's creepy essence. One night while in bed, Coraline wakes up and sees a mouse scurry across her room. Desperate for excitement, Coraline races to keep up with this mouse. It leads her to a small door, which Coraline had always seen locked but now it was unlocked. The door opens and a creepy portal appears. The mouse jumps in and Coraline eagerly crawls through the portal after that mouse. Then, Coraline is welcomed by her mothers voice. Thats odd. But her mother is different. She has buttons for eyes. And she encourages adventure/excitement. She calls herself Coraline's \\"Other Mother\\". She is not boring like real Coraline's mom. The same thing with the \\"other\\" dad. They even have a garden that looks like Coraline's face. And both \\"other\\" parents promise to do something fun everyday. But, in order for Coraline to stay here, she has to do one thing: become one of them... As you can tell, this story has quite the unique touch. It has a plot line that reeled me in from the first page. In my opinion the book takes many twists and turns, keeping you from putting this 5 STAR book down. Plus, it has one killer ending. If you like Adventure/Action/Fantasy/Thriller books, you should definitely think about picking up one of Neil Gaiman's finest masterpiece's, Coraline.
0743289692|5.0|Infidel, by Ayaan Hirsi Ali, is her autobiography.  It includes her stories of living in Somalia, Kenya, Ethiopia, Saudi Arabia, and the Netherlands.<br /><br />Ali tells a story of growing up in a Muslim household.  She goes into great detail reminiscing about her religious indoctrination at home, school, and in her community.  From experiencing female genital mutilation, to wearing a full length robe to hide her skin from the gaze of men, to her lessons on Islam, Ali was a full participant in her clan and her religious community.  However, following an arranged marriage to a Somali living in Canada, she escaped to Holland and requested asylum.  She was granted refuge status, and eventually received both an undergraduate and graduate degree in political science, even being elected to the Dutch Parliament.  During this time, her views on women and Islam crystalized into a cautious attack on multiculturalism when it involved the abuse of women and children.  She wrote a screenplay for a short film, Submission.  The producer, Theo van Gogh, was later murdered, and a letter threatening the life of Ali was left stabbed in his chest.  She has lived under heavy security and secrecy ever since.<br /><br />This is really a book about one person's voyage through a religion.  Many others have left the religion of their mothers and fathers, but Ali argues that only Islam promises death for the apostate.  She now confesses to atheism.  As Sam Harris writes in [[ASIN:0307278778 Letter to a Christian Nation]], \\"\\"The entirety of atheism is contained in this response. Atheism is not a philosophy; it is not even a view of the world; it is simply an admission of the obvious.\\"<br /><br />Ali discusses the obvious, through her eyes and experiences.  As a Dutch translator, she also experienced first hand the trials and tribulations (and beatings) of others.  She rebels against the acceptance of abuse under the protection of religious dogma.  Obviously, abuse isn't limited to Muslims; Christians, Jews, Hindus, and even \\"Jedi Knights\\" can abuse women and children.<br /><br />What is most valuable about this book is the evolution of Ali's belief system, going from where she is told what to think, to thinking on her own.  Here is a sampling:<br /><br />\\"When I was born, my mother initially thought death had taken me away.  But it didn't.  When I got malaria and pneumonia, I recovered. When my genitals were cut, the wound healed.  When a bandit held a knife to my throat, he decided not to slit it.  When my Quran teacher fractured my skull, the doctor who treated me kept death at bay.  Even with bodyguards and death threats, I feel privileged to be alive and free\\" (p. 347).<br /><br />[While considering a run for Parliament in Holland]: \\"What was I trying to achieve?  Three things: first, I wanted Holland to wake up and stop tolerating the oppression of Muslim women in its midst; the government must take actions to protect them and punish their oppressors.  Second, I wanted to spark a debate among Muslims about reforming aspects of Islam so that people could begin to question, and criticize, their own beliefs.  This could happen only in the West, where Muslims may speak out; in no Muslim country can there be free discussion on such a subject.  Third, I wanted Muslim women to become more aware of just how bad, and unacceptable, their suffering was.  I wanted them to develop the vocabulary of resistance\\" (p. 295).<br /><br />\\"The kind of thinking I saw in Saudi Arabia, and among the Muslim Brotherhood in Kenya and Somalia, is incompatible with human rights and liberal values.  It preserves a feudal mind-set based on tribal concepts of honor and shame.  It rests on self-deception, hypocrisy, and double standards.  It relies on the technological advances of the West while pretending to ignore their origin in Western thinking.  This mind-set makes the transition to modernity very painful for all who practice Islam\\" (p. 347).<br /><br />And what does Ali recommend?  \\"The message of this book, if it must have a message, is that we in the West would be wrong to prolong the pain of that transition unnecessarily, by elevating cultures full of bigotry and hatred toward women to the stature of respectable alternative ways of life\\" (p. 348).  And finally, \\"When people say the values of Islam are compassion, tolerance, and freedom, I look at reality, at real cultures and governments, and I see that it simply isn't so.  People in the West swallow this sort of thing because they have learned not to examine the religions or cultures of minorities too critically, for fear of being called racist.  It fascinates them that I am not afraid to do so.\\"<br /><br />Sobering, and well-suited to initiate discussion.  I also recommend [[ASIN:0201632217 The Veil And The Male Elite: A Feminist Interpretation Of Women's Rights In Islam]].is that we in the West would be wrong to prolong the pain of that transition unnecessarily, by elevating cultures full of bigotry and hatred toward women to the stature of respectable alternative ways of life\\" (p. 348).  And finally, \\"When people say the values of Islam are compassion, tolerance, and freedom, I look at reality, at real cultures and governments, and I see that it simply isn't so.  People in the West swallow this sort of thing because they have learned not to examine the religions or cultures of minorities too critically, for fear of being called racist.  It fascinates them that I am not afraid to do so.\\"    Sobering, and well-suited to initiate discussion.  I also recommend [[ASIN:0201632217 The Veil And The Male Elite: A Feminist Interpretation Of Women's Rights In Islam]].
0385504225|2.0|Mr. Brown's story is 509 pages long but reads like 709.  Did he get paid by the page??
B000002AT6|5.0|The album 'Legends of the Fall' came quickly and in top shape. Very satisfied with service.
B002VRZEYM|5.0|Any American should watch this film... You DO have a voice, use it and buy locally and closer to the original source the better! Or shop the perimeter of the store, these are the foods that are less processed.
B001GCUNWQ|5.0|Loved this movie.  It was very funny and fun from beginning to end.  It was the best of the three, I think.
B00004Z400|5.0|The Deftones' \\"White Pony\\" is a bizarre mix of angst, dissonant rock and hip-hop sensibilities that is still hard to define after nine years.<br /><br />The lyrics are most ground up, vague messages of fury. Honestly, it's hard to even conceive what Chino Moreno means in the song \\"Korea\\" when he screams \\"Night time! Cavity! To come in! Downtown! Pony! Work your pitch!\\"<br /><br />However, the band exceled in turning the rap/rock sound into an unusual mix of blasting anger, echo effects, and larger-than-life mixing sounds. The guitars grind ferociously. Moreno whispers with pent-up emotions bottled up, before yelling in his strange, otherworldly dialect.<br /><br />The single on this album which broke the band onto mainstream radio was a song of abstract symbols, \\"Change (in the House of Flies).\\" The band makes their message simple and clear, as Moreno whispers, \\"I took you home/Set you on the glass/I pulled off your wings/Then I laughed.\\" It's a song about getting the rug pulled out from underneath you. The quiet mood is broken when Moreno yells \\"I watched the change in you!\\" while Stephen Carpenter blasts guitar chords to a smashing drum beat by Abe Cunningham.<br /><br />However, the song that made The Deftones immensely popular was the hit single, \\"Back to School (Mini Maggit).\\" It's disputably one of the greatest rap/rock songs of the 2000s, before disco punk took all over. The song is a chaotic blend of industrial-sounding drums, growling electric guitars and killer rap vocals.<br /><br />And when one thinks that this song is about how school sucks, Moreno then rips some thoughtful rhymes about the importance of school. He attacks like a murderer on the mic, yelling, \\"You just can't go on, rockin' the clothes, copyin the stance/Cause really is everything that you're not!\\"<br /><br />The Deftones whole-heartedly changed the face of hip-hop-styled rock by mixing in echos, low-fidelity vocal effects and unconventional guitar grinds. Sure, the sound would change entirely after bands such as Arcade Fire and Death Cab for Cutie took the stage, but back in 2000, the Deftones were the defining band to beat.Cab for Cutie took the stage, but back in 2000, the Deftones were the defining band to beat.
B002QEXN2K|3.0|Some have given 1 star - that's a bit rough since the CD is listenable. However, since Continuum, Try and Where the Light is are so great, this CD pales in comparison.    John, stick to the blues and funky guitar playing and not this over produced type of plop music....
B0029XFN8A|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite comedies.  And at long last it's made it's way onto Blu-Ray, and it looks great.  An excellent addition to a Blu-Ray collection.
B002GZQYMK|4.0|A bit over produced and theatrical but its not as bad as some would make out
B001AVCFJM|5.0|As a life-long Trekkie/Trekker, dating back to the days of TOS in first-run, I've earned the right to call this movie BRILLIANT!!!! I know from whence I speak. LOL! I particularly enjoyed the little inside jokes and throw-backs to previous shows and movies, and I just can't seem to get enough of this movie. I watch it again and again and have yet to tire of it. I considered taking half of a star away for 2 reasons: 1, Scotty  doesn't come into the show until so late; and 2, somehow the new Chekov just doesn't seem to be the spot-on perfect fit that the others are. In the end, though, I just enjoy the movie too much to have the heart to even take away half a star.<br /><br />The subtitles in the movie are particularly good, and all of the extra stuff I've watched so far is all subtitled too. At this point I can't say whether captions are included or how good they are because I haven't remembered to get up and go set the TV to show them. I'll try to check this out and update the review later, though.<br /><br />THANKS Paramount and all who have brought us another ST movie worthy of the name!!!
0786868724|5.0|Books arrived in condition listed and in the time scheduled.  No hesitation to use this service again.
0143038583|5.0|I love corn, but i had no idea that so much of what i eat - what i think of as non-corn, is at times 100% corn. The good thing about the book is that Pollan doesn't pull up a soapbox and preach as a converted zeolot.  He readily admits to jonesing for a trip to McDonald's and veers away from the extremes on both ends of the spectrum.  engaging style and while at times he gets a little heady, there is lots of balance with in the mud (literally) type experiences.  of course, now i see corn everywhere! there are some very funny chapters where Pollan's ability to expose his own pretensions and hangups of liberal middle class upbringing come out and this to me is journalistic writing at its best. there is some very practical advice as well - esp toward the end when he discusses mushrooms - been there and feared them, but he offers up the 'why' and the 'how' to overcome phobia - get out and talk to people!
B002QGUFWE|5.0|ok so, i got this album cuz i'm a lady gaga freak. Her music is just so good! I also got it cuz my mom wouldn't let me buy the fame cuz this new one was gonna come out. I tricked her into buying the deluxe version cuz i get the fame! ahaha! she knew that I loved gaga so she doesn't really care. ;)    Highlights from The Fame:    Poker Face-my auntie introduced me to poker face  ind i got down to it and it became our jam for a month. really catchy and dancable.    Starstruck-she was talkin' bout \\"groove. slam. work it back. filter that. baby bump that track.\\" she came hard with this one! it should have been a single for real! it features flo rida and space cowboy. another dancey track!    I Like It Rough-this beat will get in your mind for weeks! it's my favorite on the cd. click on the little preview thingy so you can hear the song. its a must hear.    Highlights from The Fame Monster:    Dance in the Dark-my favorite on the Fame monster. it sounds kinda retro and gothic whitch she was aiming for and soluits Marilyn Monroe and Judy Garland, Sylvia Plath, Princess Diana, and JonBenét Ramsey.     Telephone-another hot dance track that features who? Beyonce? yes. that's right, Beyonce. she adds a little more flavor to the track but i felt it could have been longer.     Teeth-sounds like a gothic, churchy, vamipe anthem. I wanna see the video for this jam. it makes me wanna jump around and stomp. love it.    Altogether these Cds could take you from LA to Fresno in a heart beat. pump this in your cd playa
B000UNYJV8|5.0|I first watched This is England after the video case caught my eye at a local rental store.  I fell in love with the film and now consider it my favorite movie for both what it does and doesn't do.<br /><br />This is England is one of the greatest efforts I've yet discovered to completely capture a time and place.  Admittedly I'm an American who never visited 1980s Britain, but the film's gritty yet poignant visuals of urban decay and anti-authority fashion make This is England's self-contained world fascinating and engrossing.<br /><br />The story of Shaun coming of age in a time and place where love is scarce and comes in sometimes horrific forms is fascinating and told with remarkable restraint.  Beautiful performances make every character, no matter how minor, believable and fascinating.  Shaun comes of age in a way that displays his own turbulence while never losing sight of the ugliness of those already living in the adult world of war and hatred.<br /><br />This is England is ambitions without being overly contrived.  It tells a small story very well, and takes a very un-pretty idea and makes it immensely compelling.<br /><br />If you have any interest in coming-0f-age stories, check this one out.
B001ILHY2C|4.0|I love the original Death Race 2000 for its truly warped sense of humor, and while this one can't touch it for laughs, it is all told a better movie.<br /><br />I was surprised, in fact, by how entertaining and even smart this film is. It certainly looks amazing in blu-ray, especially Martinez, who almost justifies blu-ray tech all by herself. Statham is at home in this kind of grim but tongue in cheek action blaster, and he's perfect in his role. The rest of the cast is also solid, but McShane takes the cake, as usual. This guy is always great, in everything! Why he isn't yet as ubiquitous as Michael Caine is a mystery, but count on seeing a lot more of him in the next few years as producers see his value. He can make a bad film watchable, and take a good film like this into near-great territory.<br /><br />I particularly appreciated the intelligence of this script, and its willingness to lay the social commentary on, but not too heavily. The original presaged our present, pathetic addiction to mindless reality shows by 25 years, and this one continues to point out how close we are to the days of Romans feeding folks to lions for #1 Neilson ratings.<br /><br />On top of that there is a whiz-bang action flick here, reminiscent of Road Warrior in its wise decision to use mostly live stunts instead of CGI. It works, and in high-def this thing is non-stop in-yo-face action.<br /><br />Not sure I liked the somewhat cheese ending, but all in all I was pleasantly surprised by how good this remake is.
B00005EAXF|5.0|I only heard and watched this DVD a few weeks ago at my son's house. My first reaction was the lead singer's unique voice. Brilliant. The aoustic arrangements for this concert as well as the choice of tunes was also brilliant. i particularly loved the emphasis with the twelve string guitars.Can't stop listening. Many thanks for the discovery.
B000OCZD5G|4.0|4.2 stars<br /><br />I remember seeing this with my Dad the day it came out. Then we saw it again over 20 years later in Austin's classic movie house, the Paramount, just before my old man went to the great fuel depot in the sky. I've shelved my dvd since then but I'm glad I checked out this version; it's a very fine transfer.<br /><br />Not much to add to the rest of the reviews here. It's one of the great action films and has all the things that make a superior b-movie great, minus the bad. It does feel like a b-movie, in all the right ways. The next Max felt like a studio blockbuster and that killed it; this one keeps to its Ozploitation roots, to its credit and benefit.<br /><br />I'd sure like to have seen a making-of doc, etc on this blu-ray version---the studios sure can be cheap. Just commentary and a weak Maltin intro? Pathetic; this film deserves a lot more, as do blu-ray buyers. But hey, times are tough for the studios: so many pirates that they're only having yet another year of record profits. So, clearly they must skimp. Wouldn't mind seeing Max take on some of them studio CEOs, actually...
1597801577|4.0|This is one of the best books, certainly the best novel, I've read this year. A wonderful story of an asian nation's future in the post-oil, post-globalisation world when the old forces are starting to return. This time they're using genetic engineering, wind power, megadonts and dirigibles, but their goal is the same as in the age of oil - profits at any cost, market ownership and the overthrow of any government that stands in their way. The poor are still pawns, racism is still killing innocents, and there's always another group of people everyone feels free to hate. But this time they may be the ones that inherit the Earth as it's becoming increasingly uninhabitable for the people who made them.    The world is the future the author first introduced us to in his two superb short stories, 'The Calorie Man' and 'Yellow Card Man' (see his collection 'Pump Six and Other Stories', it's a treat). This book is full of interesting characters and involving storylines, it never seems to go in the predictable direction and always takes you somewhere interesting.
B00001U0GQ|1.0|This is a truly great movie that's been scalped and hacked by Mann and his personal vision. Plain dumb that Mann didn't release the original theatrical version and his director's cut version on 2 DVDs in the same packaging. Or even as separate releases.     When you gonna release the original on DVD, Mann?! It's 2010 already!
B000TCEU4Q|5.0|The Saitek Three Lever Pro Throttle Quadrant works just as well if not better than its higher priced counterpart. I installed 2 of them in my flight simulator side by side. They set up and adjust very easy and the throws and ranges are very precise. I would recommend the saitek line of equiment to anyone looking for realism in flight simulation. You just cant beat this price and the quality is amazing. Amazon is great to deal with. They stand behind everything and ship super fast.                                                                 Thanks Amazon
0385504225|5.0|Although the author takes many liberties, it is a very active, engaging read.  Anxious to see if a movie is on the way.  I am sure the movie will parallel the book with excellent reviews.
B000MQC9H4|4.0|Many previous reviewers have given you the basic plot here, so I will concentrate on the acting.     Despite Cameron Diaz's performance (about which more later) this is one of my all-time favorite romanticomedies. Kate Winslet, as Iris, is absolutely wonderful--down-to-earth and believable. Her transformation from weepy-wimp-in-love-with-loser in the beginning of the movie, to someone with a lot more spine and self-esteem in the end is satisfying to watch. The kind and sweet relationship that develops as Iris determinedly coaxes the very funny Eli Wallach out of his solitary lifestyle--finding her own strength along the way--made me want to cheer for both of them.     I have previously avoided movies starring Jack Black, simply because the trailers looked so stupid. But after seeing his performance as the gentle and optimistic Miles, I'm willing to give him a chance in movies like this. Himself involved with a self-absorbed and cheating girlfriend, you wonder if Miles is going to come to his senses and do something about what's developing between Iris and him. Although Jack is certainly nobody's idea of the classic romantic leading man, he gives a very endearing, sweet, and credible performance here.     Jude Law is...well...just plain yummy as Graham, coincidentally Iris's brother. He has a sad romantic history of his own, and a personal life that he keeps (understandably) secret from Amanda (Diaz). If you can suspend disbelief that an emotionally healthy person can fall so deeply in love in such a short time, you'll love him.       I haven't been able to figure out if Diaz was just doing an over-the-top performance of a spoiled little rich girl, or whether she can't act, but she was anything but believable. Although I enjoyed the scene of her shopping in the local village, too many scenes were overplayed, with wide-eyed, open-mouthed, scrunched-face reactions, and foot-stomping tantrums way too close to slapstick for my taste. She was marginally better near the end of the film--maybe her idea of her character's emotional growth?     However, don't let my general dislike of Diaz's performance keep you away from this movie. The others more than cover for her. You might recognize your own romantic mistakes in Iris's cad of a boyfriend--I know that I did!--and Graham's daughters are complete scene-stealers!    So, all in all, well worth the price of admission.
B000002IZ4|5.0|Purple was and still is my favorite STP record. It combines Led Zep riffs with monster distortion to create an amazing, melodic sound that is still 100% fresh today. STP will last forever in the minds of alternative rock fans that lived the movement.
B002UXRH10|5.0|I didn't know what to expect, but I am loving this cd.  My favs are \\"Stupid in Love,\\" \\"Cold Case\\", \\"Russian Roulette,\\" \\"Fire bomb,\\" to be honest it's not a song on the cd I don't like.  Nice c.d....don't sleep on it. Oh and I love \\"Photographs\\" too.
B000000WA4|5.0|Mellon Collie is my second favorite record by The Smashing Pumkins right behind Siamese Dream. I am a fan of the hard rocking, sonic distortion side of S.P. and there are plenty of jams here. This album was made at a time when bands still created actual \\"albums\\", and people still cared. Put the two discs in your player, get some good headphones, and get taken to Pumpkins land.
B002W6Z0UK|5.0|I received this CD from Amazon today.  The case and CD itself are labeled \\"Lady Gaga the Fame Monster\\" but the music matches the tracks from Lady Gaga \\"Paparazzi Remixes\\"!  It is a great CD and I like it very much, but I want the \\"Fame Monster\\" CD that I ordered! This must be a mix-up from the factory.  Does amyone have any idea of what I can do about this?
0385504225|3.0|****Spolier****    I was enjoying this book until I got to the part where we are told that the huge, horrifying secret is a video of top goverment officials in a secret Mason initiation.  Okay so it was not how we would want our leaders to spend their off time but really!! was it all that world shattering?!  I only have about 50 pags left and I just put the book down and away.  I have been reading these reviews and I did not realize that Zachary was Mal'kh.  I quess I was just distracted by all the \\"Is he kidding with this awful plot?  Brown's villians are always so paper thin, always so mind numbingly sociopathic.  I thought the wole idea of discovering we really have soul was going somewhere.  When we thought Robert was drowned that seeemed to be approaching that idea and it was intriquing but then in the next chapter the whole Abyss thing was explained.  This was dissapointing at the end but began as a good read.
B002LBGBR2|5.0|You go girl once again! I love all the songs on this cd except for one. The dvd disc is awesome too. All my favorite songs are the featured videos.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Ok! Here's the deal.  My 89 year old mother calls me and says I MUST, repeat MUST buy the latest CD by Susan Boyle, the lovely Scottish lady who made Simon Cowell's jaw drop when she started to sing on \\"Britain's got Talent.\\" I mean who couldn't love that visual?<br /><br />Well I am not so much into music these days, especially after Elvis' death a hundred years ago, but I am talking to my mother, so I say \\"OK Mom I will buy it.\\"  So, not being one to break a promise to my sainted mother I ordered it from Amazon and reluctantly dropped it into my PS3 just in case Mom asked me what I thought.  WOW! I was Simon Cowell'd on the first note.  My jaw dropped.  This lady can sing!!!  I was captivated by that magnificent voice and overwhelmed by \\"How Great Thou Art\\" a song that I once thought no one could sing better than Elvis!<br /><br />So, all of that being said I must admit that Mom was once again right.  This is a delightful collection of music that will soothe your soul and make your heart soar all at once.  Thanks Susan (and you Mom) for making my life just a wee bit brighter.
B00004TS0E|3.0|The original 1947 version of Miracle on 34th Street is an absolute classic. It gives a warm feeling for the holidays (just like It's a Wonderful Life and How The Grinch Stole Christmas), and it's one of those perfect movies that everyone in the family can enjoy. The remakes, however, have tried to match the qualities of the original, but all of them have failed. The TV remakes are pretty bad, but the 1994 version is a bit of a step-up. It's not really awful, but it isn't great, either. It's well-directed, with some very good cinematography and music. But my biggest problems with this version is the script and the performances. First of all, the script really lacks substance. I know it's a family film, but sometimes the dialogue sounds dull and uninspiring. It doesn't really have the charm that the original had. Then, there's Richard Attenborough as Kris Kringle. I think that Attenborough is a brilliant actor, but here he doesn't give anything new. It feels like he was brought in just because he was in Jurassic Park, which was released a year before this film. And finally, the worst thing about this remake (at least in my opinion) is Mara Wilson as Susan. She is ANNOYING! She's way too adorable, even as a kid character. I don't know about you, but she can never top Natalie Wood.<br /><br />This really is mediocre at best. How anyone would think they could top the original is beyond my imagination. I don't even know why Miracle on 34th Street keeps getting remade. What next? Robert De Niro as jolly old Saint Nick?! I wish film producers would just leave the original alone. It's still a dazzling film, even if it is in black and white.<br /><br />Grade: C
B0012CJQY6|5.0|I've watched just about every cop show (The Wire, Homicide, Law & Order, Law & Oeder: SVU, Boomtown, CSI: Miami, CSI: NY, Southland)and this by far is the best!
B0029O08WA|4.0|I'm not remotely interested in the Twilight saga. I tried watching the first one with my ex-girlfriend. I fell asleep.   This album is great, every artist and band brought their best to the project. The songs flow well right into each other and the last song provides a great finish. I'll leave the verbosity to the others here, I'll just stress if you like good creative music, put this on your holiday list.
B000ZINGIK|4.0|This is a good CD.  Combination of Scorpions and Queensryche.  This band just doesn't have the sharpness and clarity that these other 2 bands have.  Nonehteless, I received in perfect condition.
B0025KVLRO|5.0|Not bad for a debut albut that contained 8 original compositions at a time when nobody wrote their own material(at least not as a norm)! The other amazing fact is that the Beatles recorded all 10 songs in mere 10 hours of 1 day (the other four were the first 2 singles included in the album)! Today most people spend the same amount of time getting a decent drum sound! Anyway, the remastered stereo CD souds great, a few musical surprises that were previously buried in the mono version of the 1987 CD, great little booklet, and a nice mini documentary. No outtakes, but didn't expect to hear any, anyway!
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|The CD is awesome and what I like about it is that you can hear everything Michael is singing and the sound is crisp and clear, even though I own almost every cd he has out. I love the poem and the prerecorded release of this is it. I give it five stars plus.
B0025KVLRY|5.0|This second offering from the Beatles is a must have for anyone who is a music lover. Classic 1963 at its' best, and with the remastered stereo versions one can hear a few things previously buried in the mono mixes of 1987. I am replenishing my entire collection with the remasters, currently up to Help!, but they do sound warmer and somewhat punchier than the older version. The booklet is also very informative, and the mini-documentary is a nice bonus. Overall, 5-star! Wish they would have included a few outtakes, but knowing the self-imposed standards with which the group worked, didn't really expect to hear unfinished/incomplete recordings.
B001PA0FFO|3.0|I know many people really liked this film, but despite having some good performances, this film just didn't completely grab me. The story is interesting, but I found it to be predictable and slow. The cast is very good, but certainly not any of their best work, although I found Streep's character to be amusing at times. The story goes where I expected it to go and if not for the last few minutes the film wouldn't have gotten that extra half a star. I liked the ending and it helped me to appreciate the film for what it is.
B001FB55HQ|4.0|I was a bit leery about this entry in The Terminator franchise, but I found this film to both entertaining, but also better than the last installment. I can understand why they wanted to make this film as when the first two were made they either didn't have the money or the FX just weren't up to speed for such a futuristic story. Bale is sort of waste here as this is a sci-fi action film and he really doesn't get to show his chops. That's not to say I don't appreciate an excellent actor to help make the film more convincing. Terminator Salvation is not the best in the series nor the worst, but if you're in the mood for so good sci-fi fun then this might do the trick. I know it did for me!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Every American needs to see this expose of our corrupt food industry protected by corrupt politicians. Citizens from coast to coast should be outraged at the liberties taken by people who have no business in the food industry like chemical companies and who manipulate and poison our food supply.  As a health professional I mention this film on my NY/Calif talk radio show weekly and will be hosting screenings of it throughout central New Jersey at such prestigious places as Georgian Court University.      It's not too late, America.  Wake up!
B0028K3192|5.0|Ever since Maxwell stepped on the scene with Ascension in 1996, you knew he was a leader.  Not to sound like I have a man crush or anything but he just has the talent and ability to craft musical masterpieces and quite honestly there is no such thing as a bad Maxwell song.  If you've heard one I'd like to know.  All of his songs are good at minimum.    Having long thought that the man had retired and rode off into the sunset as an undisputed legend (I mean really...when was the last time you heard Maxwell on a song or any news about him before this comeback album???  and when was the last time you heard a female say they dislike Maxwell??? That's right NEVER), I was doubly excited to learn he was making a comeback.  Afterall, he's the only singing man that could make a grown man cry or as Jamie Foxx so eloquently put it at the BET Awards \\"the only man to make straight men question their sexuality\\".  Not to mention that he had just disappeared without a peep for so long.    Having cut the locks off, he was almost unrecognizable at first glance but soon as he starts singing you will notice that nothing has changed.  He's simply the Truth.  While I don't think there's anything on this album as powerful as Something Something or Fortunate or any of his other stuff, this album still has strong material on it.  Pretty Wings is a modern classic and Bad Habits is just an all out jam.  I know the term is getting played out but the album is \\"grown & sexy\\" with beautiful instrumentation and songwriting and magnificent singing to go along with it.    BlackSummersNight is one of the best, if not THE BEST, album(s) of the year and if you are a fan of Maxwell you no doubt already have this in your collection.  If for some odd reason you were sleeping or ignoring...WAKE UP AND PAY ATTENTION!!!  5 stars.
B002NRX1MC|5.0|That is right this is a novel about the history of philosophy. It was written by Norwegian professor Jostein Gaarder. Gaarder Now writes other novels and has a large following. I personally found it fun to read and intriguing.<br /><br />Some readers may think the ending is a little strange however it fits the story perfectly. This novel is used as an introduction point to philosophy. So it would not be appropriate for those that already have a background in philosophy to dismiss this as sophomoric. Everyone has to start somewhere. If you are already a philosopher then it is still an interesting novel with an interesting twist.<br /><br />Receiving a mysterious letter in the mail, Sophie Amundson is about to embark on a mysterious journey that is mosty correspondents and may become mutch more. We get to join her on her discoveries.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001R88C6I The Thirteenth Floor [Blu-ray]]]
B002MU4NL8|5.0|Not every movie is Gone With the Wind and not every movie should be.    I rate a movie according to whether it does what it was supposed to do and whether I enjoyed watching it.    On a 1-10 scale with ten being highest, that puts this at a solid ten (and in my top ten movies of all time).    My most hated movie ever, The English Patient, could never be rated as it would get a deeply negative number.
160024842X|5.0|The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold is a heart wrenching account of a young girl's untimely death and how it not only affects her but also how it affects all those around her. It gives us a possible inside look at what happens to those that are left behind and how they cope over time with the ugliness of rape and murder.<br /><br />This story is graphic and to the point. I have to admit I cried during the second cd and my heart was breaking for this imaginary child. Once past this I was able to listen to a well written story that really gave me real insight into what goes on after the fact. What happens to those who are left behind and robbed of the love of a child. How siblings deal with this devastation and learn from it. How the entire populace that may or may not have known this child deal with the stark reality of the ultimate cruelty.<br /><br />The author has told the story from the murdered young girl's point of view as she resides in Heaven. A story that is rich with possibility of a better life to follow full of happiness beyond measure. A story of how this young girl watches her family on earth wishing she could let them know that she is okay and happy so as to end their pain and help them move on with the lives they should have had. A story so rich in emotion, perfectly crafted in literary style as to capture you with each word, sentence and paragraph to keep you needing to hear more. A perfect example of a storyteller doing what they do best.
0811866351|3.0|Welcome back Disney!      The book is a great companion to the new 2D flick \\"The Princess and the Frog\\".  The book is full of character designs and preproduction artwork with comments from the essential creative people.  My only gripe is that for a reboot of 2d animation I was expecting more artwork and more material ie model sheets of the characters and voice artist write ups.  minus this,  I still found the book enjoyable and a keeper to anyone who is a fan of animation or art in general.
B002QB1910|5.0|It's nothing like a break-up cd.  It was fantastic!!!!  Rih Rih pulled it off and let us inside her world.....Bravo!
0312360258|3.0|Imagine if you were a vampyre... and unlike urban legend, becoming a vampyre isn't transmitted by a bite, it's a natural process that happens to a small percentage of teenagers as they transition to adulthood. The House of Night is a finishing school to help fledgling vampyres negotiate the change they are undergoing. The school sounds more like summer camp and what many teens who don't have the opportunity to have an exclusive boarding school experience might crave: lessons in Equestrian studies, drama, economics and modern English classics with smart, challenging, vampyre teachers who treat their young charges with the independence and respect usually only accorded to successful college students. (They're even allowed to drink beer.)<br /><br />After the distinctive tattoo-like markings common to vampyres appear, Zoey Redbird is ostracized by everyone in her family except for her Native American grandmother. Zoey has to leave behind her human high school and deal with the unusually strong gift of magic powers given directly by the vampyre goddess on her own. Almost immediately, she's invited to join the Dark Daughters, an exclusive sorority, and befriends her roommate Stevie Rae and as well as a few select outcasts. Together, they form a new nexus of influence at the school, upsetting the delicate balance of politics and machinations that develop amongst the vampyre cliques there.<br /><br />I was unsure what to make of Zoey's Native American heritage. Some of it seemed to be accurate and specific to the place (Oklahoma) but much else of it seemed a mish-mosh of traditions from paganism, and Greco-Roman myths. Part Harry Potter, part Twilight, this series promises to be extremely popular with teens.
0810983915|5.0|My son (10) just got the book today for St. Nikolaus day and he is loving it. So is his little sister who is seven. She already spend over 30 minutes reading it. Can't wait for the next one to come out!
B002QGUFWE|1.0|This CD is an edited piece of crap.  I thought edited CD's were only found at [...].  This deserves to be burned (as in set ablaze with all material infected with artistic repression).    Song quality is acceptable.  Clean mixes and nice studio processing.  Nice album artwork.  The deluxe edit includes The Fame.
B000ZN8036|4.0|A great effort by Penn. This is an artful film without being over the top or sentimental.<br />But, what I would really like to address, after reading the many 'bad' reviews here (and of the book) is something else entirely - something about the nature of Chris Mcandless, and the story that's being told here.<br />Many people I have talked to, and who's reviews I have read are quite upset by Mcandless.<br />They have called him idealistic and spoiled, mean spirited and selfish.<br />Ultimately this is not about his upbringing or his parents or his selfish nature.<br />Usually what we do outwardly only reflect the deeper issues that we all face as human beings. Perhaps this is the fault of Krakauer or Penn for illuminating this more - but I don't think so.<br />If you cannot see the universal struggle for man in this story (for that is what the story is all about) then this film is definitely not for you.<br />Although the film tells the story of Mcandless's life and the outward things that bother him  - the things that ultimately motivate him are something else altogether. I'm suggesting that the things that motivate him are the things that motivate all of us.<br />At the end of the story Chris becomes forgiving, truly lets go, and I believe becomes truly happy - a life well lived in my opinion. How many people do you know that die in this way? Is it how long we live, or how we live that matters?<br />The climax is the single most important element of the story. This is not just 'selfishness and idealism, but the need for a redemption that is only found when one truly gives up everything seeking it. And I do mean everything.<br />The book is superior to the movie in my opinion, but the film does capture the spirit of Mcandless' struggle very well.
B001TKKAGY|5.0|I'm not reviewing the music because in my opinion everybody should know it already. I'm also net reviewing the medium because everybody know's what an lp is, and anybody who will buy an lp does know how it sounds on his hifi.  So What to put here? The package was good protected, and arrived in good condition in Europe (the Netherlands to be precise)  It was even faster then amazon predicted.
B002VKE1K2|1.0|Wow, this was a really BORING movie.  I'm not easily scared but ghost movies freak me out, since...I think I've seen a few weird things in real life, paranormal if you will.  This movie was hyped to be SO SCARY, but it was nothing more than a couple thumps, opening doors, footprints, etc...  The action was minimal and the talking was never ending, BOOOOOOOOOOOORING!  Seriously, I've seen scarier Goosebumps episodes, LOL!
B001DSNG1I|5.0|I'm not reviewing the music because in my opinion everybody should know it already. I'm also net reviewing the medium because everybody know's what an lp is, and anybody who will buy an lp does know how it sounds on his hifi.  So What to put here? The package was good protected, and arrived in good condition in Europe (the Netherlands to be precise)  It was even faster then amazon predicted.
0393061310|5.0|I bought the book to use as a reference in writing a college paper and for my own information. The book itself was in top condition for a used book. I was very pleased with it.
B001TKKAGO|5.0|I'm not reviewing the music because in my opinion everybody should know it already. I'm also net reviewing the medium because everybody know's what an lp is, and anybody who will buy an lp does know how it sounds on his hifi.  So What to put here? The package was good protected, and arrived in good condition in Europe (the Netherlands to be precise)  It was even faster then amazon predicted.
B00288KNJU|2.0|I saw this movie in theaters with the real 3D technology, which was outstanding. The 3D Blu-Ray transfer does not do the film justice.    The preview prompt says that it take 3-5 minutes for your eyes to adjust, but after putting on the green/red 3d glasses and watching over half the movie, I could never get accurate color from the glasses. My eyes either saw a green or red tint throughout the movie. At times, the color accuracy looked fine but my eyes could never fully adjust to the glasses. The viewing experience was highly uncomfortable and it felt like I was about to have an epileptic seizure while taking a really awkward eye exam throughout the movie. Even after turning off all ambient lighting in the viewing room and adjusting my TV to darker movie settings(which the disc recommends), nothing worked. I would much rather watch the 2D version with accurate color rendition. If they're going to market the 3D version, at least get it right. The 2D version looks good, but considering this was the 1st movie to be completely shot in 3D, I was hoping for a good 3D version. I'm really disappointed with the purchase.
0316789798|5.0|My son just turned seven and really enjoys this book. He does enjoy How to Draw books in general, but he really liked this one a lot. The images are fun and Emberley breaks them down into very simple steps. This is an important concept for a child to grasp. Small doable steps can lead to something that may look impossible.
B0000B1OFN|5.0|I was satisfied with the seller and how they handled my situation. It was very much appreciated. I plan to order more from them again in the future. They were very professional.
B001S6Y0AQ|5.0|I've worn out a couple of 33s, an 8 track, and a cassette version of Time Out.  Somewhere along the line I lost my CD and mistakenly deleted two tracks, so I jumped at the chance to get this Legacy Edition.  Outstanding sound from a true pioneer of jazz.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Been a fan since the U tube frenzy but the album takes her voice to a whole new level.  I could play \\"Wild Horses\\" over and over and do.  \\"How Great Thou Art\\" gives me chills. One of the very few albums where every song is a winner, not just the usual one or two songs.  Everyone that has listened to my album has left wanting a copy for themselves.  Truly this one is a global winner.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|Hard to believe this is the first effort of this young director  A truely excellent film
B0000TAZYM|5.0|I was so excited to get this CD because it had just about every song that I really love of Diana Krall.  Unfortunately, the CD would not play on my Bose music system.  It would play on my computer with Windows Media but I could not RIP it to install it on my IPod.  Amazon was terrific in assisting me to return it.  The sender admitted that \\"it would not play on all devices\\" which I don't understand but now I am looking for another copy.
B000PC0U1W|5.0|V for Vendetta is a visually striking, politically challenging, memorable film. Natalie Portman plays Evey, a very vulnerable \\"everywoman\\" who gets caught up in forces she doesn't understand or appreciate. Portman is in almost every scene, and for much of the film is the only character you can truly see (there either are no other characters, or other characters are masked). For those who only remember her as Padme in the Star Wars films, she has a chance to show a much broader range of abilities, and is impressive.    The plot draws heavily on contemporary themes, including uneasiness over Britain's very highly developed video surveillance system as well as the US Patriot Act limitations on civil rights. Add in some not-so-veiled references to Guy Fawkes, and movie trailers that gave away much of the action, and you have a film in which you know how it turns out (you think), but are constantly wondering how it will get there. The visual images, the political issues, and the unease stay with you long after the film is finished.
0385504225|2.0|The Lost Symbol early-on worried me with its PhD heroine concluding that her break-through research has \\"proven without a doubt\\" that prayer and the mind-alone can cure diseases. For more on this futuristic technology read the 1875 book, Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures, by Mary Baker Eddy. Worse, after all the truly absurd escapades are finally resolved, Dan Brown sermonizes a lengthy diatribe about man-God-nature and vague musings on how the Bible is a misinterpreted lost symbol. On the plus side, Brown vigorously absolves Freemasonry from any wrongdoing, and acknowledges that all religions are essentially equal. Thanks, Dan.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle is an inspiration and a gifted, normal woman who has agreed to share her gift with us. She's not a spoiled brat rich kid dabbling in drugs and alcohol and parties and self-worship. Her wholeness is what I feel when I listen to her incredible CD. Thank you, Susan Boyle, for your inspiring music.
B000HIVQK8|5.0|After his much acclaimed \\"All things must pass\\" filled with unused compositions of George from his Beatle past this one is filled with fres new songs, recorded with about same artists as on his previous album.<br /><br />George had settled im his big mansion Friar Park in Henley-on-Thames, UK but was still busy with the dismantling of Apple Corps and his Beatle past, this is illustrated by the song \\"Sue me, sue you blues\\", a rock song with some great guitar work.<br /><br />The album starts of with the beautiful \\"Give me love ...\\" with beautiful guitar riffs that was the single from this album, a great track.<br /><br />Than follows the most beautifull track \\"The light that has lighted the world\\", a religious track and there are some more tracks about religiuon, not so nice as this one though and of moderate quality.<br /><br />Another great track is \\"Living in the material world\\", think this was also a single in the past.<br /><br />What I also liked is the extra track \\"Miss O'Dell about Chris O'Dell a girl from Tucson that worked for Apple but also for George and Ringle fromo. You should read her book that is also available at Amazon.<br /><br />All in all a great album in Beatle tradition!
B002SAUCBC|5.0|Years ago, I found this work by someone named Bachman on a table with other books with their covers torn off on sale for a quarter. It was a quarter well spent. Of all of King's works, this has most often appeared in my dreams. Something elemental is touched. Life as a journey, with the watchers and participants, thebest and the worst of us. I find it unforgetable.
B002H3F7F6|5.0|I knew when I purchased this CD it was not a \\"Christmas \\" album. Living in Florida I miss the snow and peacefulness that comes with a winter's day. This album transported me musically back to those evenings of beauty. It is relaxing and beautiful. Sting purists will probably find this a bit alarming--not quite the way they know him. I loved it and will play it often, especially in my car channeling the winter.
B001FB55HQ|5.0|I really enjoyed Terminator 4 aka Terminator Salvation, and I hope that if Terminator 5 comes out, it has all the future scenes from Terminator, T2, and T3. This was a radical movie. I got to see new forms of robots that Skynet created. I thought that this movie was a nice departure from bad cyborg-good cyborg fights. it was cool to see Roland Kickinger with a CGI of Arnold's face, as Arnold played a T-800 in all 3 Terminator movies. it was freaky how the cyborg gun turret recognized Marcus Wright, but did not shoot at him, because it knew that he was a Terminator cyborg. it didn't matter to me that Arnold was not in this movie, because I got a good thrill out of it none the less.
B00004SZWD|5.0|SITKOL never gets old and out of date. I love this album because it celebrates love, live, its original, the melody of the music is as beautiful as Stevie's voice and it makes you feel GOOD! It also gives notice of social and political hypocrisies that exist even now and i think that kind of thing is missing nowadays in mainstream music. If you have a voice you should try to make a difference in the world.
B001TODCII|2.0|The story line doesn't come close to being plausible.  The action scenes are absurdly exaggerated.  It's hard to get into this film because it's so silly.
6304712936|4.0|Fast purchase, quick delivery.<br />Bought movie for a class..but turns out to be a very intriguing movie none the less!
B002ZG995Y|5.0|have seen the movie yet to be released Janurary 22nd 2010.  The trailers look great! saw the movie in production.  What a nice lovestory.
B001QXE0OC|5.0|I love the cd, Kiss and Tell. It's a very upbeat cd. My faverite songs, are Naturally and I Promise You. Selena did a magnificent job, on the cd. Selena Gomez is a beautiful young lady, with a lot of talent, and a great role model for teenages.
B0006J28MI|3.0|Despite this movie being played over and over on regular TV i still think it is worth getting.    It's cheap and a good movie for any kids who have never seen it before. I bought it for nostalgia. It was my favourite movie to borrow from the video shop and i was ecstatic to finally own it on DVD. (Anyone from AUS - it is available in R4 in AUS itself this DVD is R1)
B001PL4HZW|2.0|You do not get some bonus tracks that you get when you buy the álbum in Itunes, not fare
0756655730|5.0|This is an excellent compendium on the<br />evolution of life on earth. The book<br />describes and shows full color samples of<br />fungi, plants and animals.<br /><br />The origin of the earth was described at<br />length. This consisted of cold gas,<br />protosun, rings and planetesimals, rocky<br />planets, gas giants and debris.<br /><br />The earth core consisted of the solid<br />inner core, the liquid outer core,<br />the mantle, crust and primitive oceanic<br />material. There is an extensive<br />Mid-Atlantic Ridge in Iceland, volcanoes<br />and plates, the San Andreas Fault and<br />other fantastic land masses.<br /><br />The evolution of life is further described<br />as Eukaryotes, seaweed, plants and animals.<br />This is an excellent research volume for<br />students and faculty everywhere.
B0000CABBW|5.0|beautifully filmed, beautiful moral. i watched this movie when it first came out when i was 11. i didn't pay much attention and thought it was boring. after watching free willy with my sister about 2 months ago, they mentioned a story about someone who rode a whale. i didn't think much of it until i had a dream that night about the whale rider. so what did i do? research! i realized i had seen whale rider before when i was small. anyways got it, watched it, cried tears of joy. WORTH EVERY PENNY. plus the new zealand accent is amazing, makes the American one sound horrible. :)
0061735817|5.0|You may be a fan of Neil Gaiman's writing or maybe a TP fan.  I happen to be both.  Nothing pleases me more than listening to a witty, satirical and rollicking story about the end of the world, as foretold and foreseen by one Agnes Nutter, witch.  I will probably listen to the story several more times and then donate the cd collection to my local library, for other people to enjoy.
B00006AG5N|5.0|Elvis 30 #1 Hits, is a great cd. If you liked Elvis Presley you'll love this cd.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|Joss Whedon, Felicia Day, Nathan Fillion, Neil Patrick Harris - What more could you want???    Any Joss Whedon Fans - buy  Like comedy that involves nerd topics - buy  Enjoy good old fashioned bad guy versus good guy shows - buy  Enjoy people breaking out into song - buy    This DVD is worth it. For those who don't know this was an internet show released and then gone in a matter of weeks. Own it on DVD!!    It's funny and even my mother thought it was funny. That's saying something. Usually she thinks these shows are stupid and dumb but i made her watch this claiming it had that guy from Firefly in it and BOOM! She laughed and gave it 2 thumbs up!    Worth it! Trust me.
087349976X|5.0|The shipping was done in a timely fashion, and the product was what the promised. Well done. And at a wonderful savings! Thank you.
B000UX6THK|4.0|Gave this item as a gift, and was mortified when recipient opened to discover the case was cracked and broken around the edges.  Little pieces of plastic everywhere.....  The DVDs were okay, however, and we have thoroughly enjoyed watching them.  We had been big fans when the series was on television originally.  Amazing all the changes that have occurred since then.   The most intersting thing is the \\"technology\\" Agent Cooper seems to have...  At one point it seems like he is typing on a blackberry - 20+ years ago!!!!     The damage occurred because item was shipped in a padded envelope.  Thanks!!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Amazon rocks! I purchased the True Blood First Season.   I was thrilled when I received it so quickly in the mail. I was emailed when the product was shipped out and when I received my package it was packaged very well. For all you Vamp lovers, the series was great. Looking forward to ordering Season 2. I was so happy with Amazon I have since ordered other items which should be coming in the mail in a couple of days. Thank you Amazon!
0439023483|5.0|\\"The Hunger Games\\" takes place many years from now, in North America. The land has been split into districts, and so many people are poor and can hardly get their hands on some food. The Hunger Games come along every year, and a boy and a girl are chosen from each district. These kids are placed in a setting where they fight for survival. The goal is to be the last one standing. It is a fight to the death in the Games.  This story was an extreme page-turner. It showed some friendship and loyalty, as well as determination to stay alive. I would recommend this to any teenager any day.
B000F1IQMS|4.0|I hadn't previously investigated Munich and its aftermath, so I can't judge the accuracy of this movie.  But that doesn't matter, for three reasons: (a) perhaps no one outside the world of espionage knows what really happened, (b) the movie is self-described as only \\"inspired by\\" real events, and (c) what matters is the broader message, not the details.<br /><br />And that broader message is quite obvious, indeed commonplace, if you can rise above a strongly partisan viewpoint.  The message is that when two distinct and clannish groups desperately want the same piece of land as their home, and neither group can eliminate the other, conflict and violence will tend to be perpetuated, resulting in a lose-lose outcome.  At the same time, there's some hope of compromise and peace if each group comes to recognize the faults in its own ideology and actions, appreciates that the other side isn't entirely wrong, and recognizes a shared humanity.  So there are two tensions operating in parallel: (a) between the two groups, and (b) within each group, between making concessions in order to compromise versus continuing to fight (at whatever mutual cost) until the other group has been utterly defeated.  At a more specific level, a related message is that assassinations and terrorism may keep pressure on the other side, but they ultimately only contribute to perpetuating the conflict rather than resolving it.<br /><br />The movie depicts all of this quite clearly, and thereby does a service in helping us better understand the problem.  At nearly 3 hours, it's quite long, but it kept my attention, so I didn't mind.  As some reviewers have noted (ignore the extremists), it isn't a perfect movie (hence my 4-star rating), but I still recommend it to people who want to better understand why these types of conflicts are so difficult to resolve.<br /><br />Finally, here's my proposed solution to the problem.  Forget about the current Palestinian territories and instead give the northmost third of Israel to the Palestinians.  Provide the Palestinians with quality infrastructure, fully cover their relocation costs, and provide them with plenty of seed money, all of this paid for by Israel and international aid.  Help the Palestinians establish a credible democratic government with adequate military backing.  Last but not least, place Jerusalem under UN control, with everyone having guaranteed safe access to it, including a dedicated highway from the new Palestine to Jerusalem.  That's all it takes: allow each group to continue to exist, physically seperate the two groups, allow each group to have quality land within the current territory, and throw some money at the problem where needed.  Can we please implement this solution soon, so that everyone can move on to other issues?Palestinians.  Provide the Palestinians with quality infrastructure, fully cover their relocation costs, and provide them with plenty of seed money, all of this paid for by Israel and international aid.  Help the Palestinians establish a credible democratic government with adequate military backing.  Last but not least, place Jerusalem under UN control, with everyone having guaranteed safe access to it, including a dedicated highway from the new Palestine to Jerusalem.  That's all it takes: allow each group to continue to exist, physically seperate the two groups, allow each group to have quality land within the current territory, and throw some money at the problem where needed.  Can we please implement this solution soon, so that everyone can move on to other issues?
B001C3KCSY|5.0|I buy only 1 or 2 albums a year..this is one of the best rock albums of our time.
B002QEXN2K|4.0|Battle Studies is a beautiful step away from Continuum. Where Continuum was a broad, sweeping, and generally entertaining and easy to connect with, Battle Studies is a more personal, intimate view of how John Mayer views his own life, experiences, and lessons learned.    Right off the bat, I will say that this record is Continuum. It's just not even trying to be what Continuum was. Battle Studies steps away from what Continuum did and opened the pages of John Mayer's diary to bring us probably one of the most intimate looks at an entertainer's life, laid open for the world to see. This album is filled with references to past loves, flings, and other similar situations. If you've been following Mayer for awhile, this album tells stories through music that John has only alluded to in interviews.    I very much enjoy this album for the reasons listed above. It's a personal look at Mayer himself. Sure, it's not the most musical, but its real, its personal, and it's honest.    It's interesting to see what different people take from each song, but I think if you watch a lot of John Mayer interviews and read other interviews a lot of these songs make a lot of sense. I've never met John. I've been to one concert, but through his music and his interviews, it's amazing how intimately it feels like I understand him. I think it be hard to appreciate Battle Studies without first understanding the man behind the words.    Battle Studies is about the lyrics. Everything it is lies in those. The music is secondary to the very specific things Mayer is trying to convey in every word, and in that sense it is less than and greater than Continuum.    I gave it 4/5 stars. There's always room to improve, and it's not Continuum... but it's a step away in an intriguing and fascinating direction.
B001FB55HQ|3.0|John Connor could not prevent Judgment Day from happening; he could only delay it. Now the war has arrived, and John (Christian Bale), along with his wife (Bryce Dallas Howard) and any other surviving humans they run across are part of the Resistance, a group fighting for survival against the machines.<br /><br />Marcus (Sam Worthington) is part man, part machine, a rejuvenated murderer who was put to death before Judgment Day. The machines created him to combat the Resistance, but his human soul makes him loyal to that side of himself. After sneaking into a base, John Connor orders him to be destroyed, but an amorous female (Moon Bloodgood) helps him escape. Marcus barters with John; he will infiltrate Skynet to save Kyle Reese (Anton Yelchin), John's father.<br /><br />As a stand-alone movie, Terminator Salvation is a mediocre action movie which follows a formula set up by others of the genre. It has exciting moments, its predictable moments, and boring stretches. However, as a member of the Terminator series, it is incredibly disappointing, and has such a different mood, it stands out like a wrong note.<br /><br />Somehow the post-apocalyptic world does not seem as scary and desolate as it did in Reese's flashbacks in T1. There is too much daylight in this movie, and the Resistance has too many resources. Furthermore, these actors' renditions of famous lines from the previous films come out cheesy and cheap, like the film makers just threw them in to keep fans happy.<br /><br />There are also several continuity problems. How does Alice in Chains begin playing in the Jeep after Marcus hot wires it? I find it hard to believe that a CD, let along a car, survived the nuclear explosions, but lets just assume they did. How, then, does Guns and Roses play over the radio when there isn't a radio station around to broadcast it? Also, how did Sarah Connor's tapes survive Judgment Day? I found it annoying too that they've been re-recorded, although audio obviously exists of them from previous films.<br /><br />I find it rather annoying that the cast changes with each film; maybe the film makers should take a hint when all of their stars refuse to reprise their roles. The characters seem very shallow in comparison to the previous films. We have spent years getting to know them, John Connor particularly, and suddenly he's completely different, a hardened shell of who he used to be. Bale plays the part like he never saw the other movies in the series, which is made all the more obnoxious because he is a celebrated \\"Method\\" actor. His involvement seems is a gross miscasting. The most fascinating character is Reese, who is a bit of a mystery anyway, but if a sequel is made (and I hope one isn't), let's hope Reese is the focus.I find it rather annoying that the cast changes with each film; maybe the film makers should take a hint when all of their stars refuse to reprise their roles. The characters seem very shallow in comparison to the previous films. We have spent years getting to know them, John Connor particularly, and suddenly he's completely different, a hardened shell of who he used to be. Bale plays the part like he never saw the other movies in the series, which is made all the more obnoxious because he is a celebrated \\"Method\\" actor. His involvement seems is a gross miscasting. The most fascinating character is Reese, who is a bit of a mystery anyway, but if a sequel is made (and I hope one isn't), let's hope Reese is the focus.
B0013USZHG|5.0|The Youth Symphony more than makes up for Hugo Chavez when it comes to Venezuela's reputation abroad.
B001FB55HQ|4.0|It 2018 and Judgement Day has happen the war between man and machine raged on for years, but on man Marcus Wright doesn't know anything about it, all  he remembers is being put to death for killing two men. Coming to Los Angeles, Marcus meet Kyle Reese and a girl named Star. Across Califoria for told leader of the resistance John Conner is battling the machine and those in command who don't belive that Conner will in the end lead the humans to victory. But Conner's and Wright's path are going to cross with a shocking discovery that may the eend mankind for ever and cost Conner his life.<br />\\"Terminator Salvation\\" is the lastest installment is a Terminator Saga and as good as the second movie. Christian Bale plays John Conner just right as a man who has a great burden is trying to help others survive, when he couldn't stop Judgement Day from happen. Sam Wentworth is also great a man who trying to make-up for past sins. Bryce Dallas Howard doesn't get much screen time as John's Kate, a role she took over from Claire Danes. Moon Bloodgood plays Blair Williams a fighter pilot who begins to have feelings for Wright even after she learns who and what his is. Director McG doess overall great job with the movie giving a the audience lots of action. The DVD itself could have been better. There are no extra features, we can only hope that they will be  second release of the DVD that will have some extras in the future.
B002T9H2LK|5.0|Brad Pitt (FIGHT CLUB; OCEAN'S ELEVEN), Eli Roth (CABIN FEVER; HOSTEL), Christoph Waltz (the upcoming GREEN HORNET starring Seth Rogen), Melanie Laurent, Til Schweiger (BODY ARMOUR), Michael Fassbender, Jacky Ido, Diane Kruger, Daniel Brühl, Omar Doom, B.J. Novak (THE OFFICE), Sylvester Groth, Mike Myers (SHREK; AUSTIN POWERS), Paul Rust (I LOVE YOU, BETH COOPER) and Martin Wuttke star in my favorite Tarantino movie to date. I have a lot to say about this movie but I will say my favorite moments. I love it when Eli Roth (who plays the Bear Jew) keeps having to introduce himself to the Nazi (played by Christoph Waltz) because of him saying Margirini in such a strange Italian accent voice and there are a lot of other ones too but I will most likely talk more about them in a YouTube movie review I plan to make. I am going to buy this when it comes out and nothing will stop me! Infinity of infinity star rating.
B000RJO578|2.0|This 2007 British movie totally confused me.  It starts out slow and sets up a situation that is supposed to be funny.  Nicholas Angel (Simon Pegg) is the star.  He acts and looks like the latest James Bond actor, a combination of Steve McQueen and Clint Eastwood.  Nicolas Angel is an over-achiever cop in London.  His fellow cops are embarrassed by his perfection as it makes them look bad.  His arrest record is 400% higher than any of them.  He makes them all look bad, like they are not trying to do their jobs.  Angel's supervisors send him to a small remote village outside of London.  The name of the town is Sandford and Angel starts out doing trite and routine police work.  The feel of the movie is that it is a dry comedy, but you begin to wonder as Angel's crime sensing skills keep jolting you.  At first it is small crimes.<br /><br />He becomes partners with Danny (Nick Frost), the son of the the Police Chief, Frank Butterman (Jim Broadbent).  Danny is a wanna-be gunfighter, action-oriented guy, and becomes fast friends with Angel.<br /><br />The story unravels from being fairly pleasant and tongue-in-cheek funny to a horrifying realization that practically the whole town is involved with murders, violence and sociopathic behaviors.  The blood and guts is not that funny and shocked and gagged me.  Many killings that were set up to look accidental were really murders planned by the town's \\"Better Good\\" shadow committee.<br /><br />As the mystery deepens, and grisly deaths continue through scene after scene, Angel and Nick work together to clean up the town - it morphs into a Western of sorts when Angel rides into town on a horse with enough guns to kill a platoon.  Some of the dark comedy gave me a laugh, but the last part of the movie dragged on and on, as one fight after another erupts, deaths mount and everyone that can double-cross another has had their scene.  It is supposed to be surprising but it only made me look at my watch - when is this overwrought fairy-tale hero going to win and move on?  He finally does, the town settles down, and it is a relief.<br /><br />If you like a lot of gun-totting frumpy villagers, car chases, bombs, back-stabbing, and grisly scenes this is for you.le hero going to win and move on?   He finally does, the town settles down, and it is a relief.     If you like a lot of gun-totting frumpy villagers, car chases, bombs, back-stabbing, and grisly scenes this is for you.
B0010358D0|5.0|I love Appleseed and the Creator the talented and very cool Masamune shirow<br />sadly when i ordered this dvd set i never received it the seller who used Amazon.com<br />screwed me over Gohastings screwed me over.<br /><br />But i was able to see it with Netflix!<br /><br />Damn good story.<br />damn good CG.<br /><br />A+ all the way!
B001UV4XTC|5.0|My take on the opening scene is that it's the Coen Brothers version of the \\"Messiah\\" visiting us in human form. Like Jesus he is considered a threat and is prompty stabbed in the heart by the wife of the couple in the cabin. In case you didn't know it a dybuk is someone's dead sprit posessing a living person. This \\"person\\" came back to life after he died as the same person i.e. another Jesus\\". He was not affected in any way by being stabbed and his last words are \\"it's the last time I'm going to help anyone\\". I just love the Coen brothers sense of humor. I am positive this is what they had in mind as a prelude to the movie.    IMHO this is one of the Coen Brothers best films and one that is unique in our time. I grew up in the period shown in the film and it really hit home, both as message about the fustrations of how life treats us and the futility of looking for answers from others (including rebbes and lawyers). Some people might consider this film anti-semetic and a bad representation of Jewish community by showing their frailities and obnoxiousness. However, if one looks beneath the serface and puts prejudice aside, I feel you will begin to see how we are all alike in our frailities and helplessness by how fate deals with us both as individuals and the people around us. This is a universal concept for all people. The open ended finale of the film is a testiment to this concept.      Also I think that the Coen Brothers have created a fantasy world based on Jewish allegories much like many of the famous story tellers in the past. In my mind they have updated the story of Bontshe Shveig from the \\"The World of Sholom Aleichem\\" (1959) (TV show). Its about a simple man who goes to heavan and is treated as the second coming of Jesus for his piety and innocence. Bontshe is played by the actor Jack Gilford. If you look at the facial expresions of Larry and Gilford they are almost identical. Also, during Bontshe's trial in Heavan it seems he was a pushover in life ie. everybody took advantage of him including his wife who divorced him and then kicked him out of their house forcing him to live in the streets as a begger. Sound familiar. After passing his trial in heaven, God asks Botshe if he would like anything in his kingdon as a reward for his humility and faith. Bontshe answers \\"Dear God, could I please have everyday a piece of bread and a glass of water\\".
B00004RJ74|5.0|George Clooney (BATMAN & ROBIN), Harvey Keitel (RESERVOIR DOGS), Quentin Tarantino (PULP FICTION), Juliette Lewis (CAPE FEAR), Salma Hayek (DESPERADO), Tom Savini (DAWN OF THE DEAD), Fred Williamson (SILENT HUNTER), Danny Trejo (THE DEVIL'S REJECTS), Cheech Marin (CHEECH & CHONG'S UP IN SMOKE), Kelly Preston (TWINS), John Saxon (A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET), Michael Parks (STRANGER BY NIGHT), John Hawkes (NIGHT OF THE SCARECROW) and introducing Ernest Liu star in the Tarantino/Rodriguez classic; FROM DUSK TILL DAWN. The plot is 2 brothers on the run from the law trying to go to Mexico, in hiding. They encounter a preacher and his 2 kids. The brothers hijack the preacher's RV and go to the Titty Twister bar in the outskirts of Mexico. Before they can save Richie, one of the brothers, they discover the bar is owned by vampires. Now the preacher, Richie's brother; Seth, the preacher's kids, a Vietnam vet and a biker with a gun strapped to his crotch must stop the vampires before they unleash death in Mexico. This movie is full of gore and fun violence, give it a viewing, I beg of you. Infinity out of 5 star rating.
1412960991|5.0|As a doctoral student, I purchased this book when a research professor at my university recommended it. I can see why! Since I am considering using the case study process for my dissertation research, this book helped me visualize how it might work. Yin filled the book with cogent examples from many fields, with references to find the original study. These examples were both relatively current and from decades past; this range of times helped me see the growth in the case study process and its breadth of applicability.     The book is not a follow-the-numbers process by any means, no cookie-cutter here. Instead, it contains a structured process from beginning to end, including analysis and reporting. Along the way, Yin forces the reader to ask questions and consider the applicability of the case study approach to one's own work.     All in all, very helpful and no doubt, it will be a reference for me in years to come.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|I am very pleased with this product, as well as the delivery time.  THANKS!
B00000DRYI|5.0|I recently purchased the OZZY series \\"Diary\\" and \\"Blizzard\\". I see where the original pressing of \\"Diary\\" is available here but not \\"Blizzard\\". Older \\"Blizzard\\" only an import \\"remastered\\" edition. For those of you audiophiles out there, how does the sound, mix compare on the original pressings vs the remaster OZZY series? Thanks....
B002IYEQR4|1.0|The real ending was shot, so why not give it to us in the \\"Ultimate\\" version?  For a movie that tried so hard to stick to the source material, changing the ending is a travesty.  And giving John's line to Laurie also sticks out as odd.      It doesn't matter if you like the movie ending and hate the squid, without it being present this is far from an \\"Ultimate\\" edition.
B002ECJZ76|5.0|Movies like this one make me wonder what other great films have I missed from other countries. I don't even think I would have noticed the dubbed voices, if someone else hadn't pointed it out to me. Our family loves holiday movies, especially this time of year, and we all enjoyed [[ASIN:B002ECJZ76 Christmas Story]].<br /><br />The story opens with a little boy named Nicholas, orphaned after his family fell through some ice at night. The brief scene opened a flood of questions from my 4yr old, but it was easy to handle since we've already discussed death and the afterlife with our son. (Not sure if that counts as a spoiler, but I thought some parents might want to be prepared for any questions.) The other villagers decide to take turns looking after him; he spends one year with each family, and then moves to a new household on Christmas day. During this time, Nicholas starts to make toys for the children, as a way to say \\"thank-you\\" for caring for him.<br /><br />However, after six years, there is a food shortage in the village. The families can no longer take care of Nicholas, but a carpenter offers to take him instead. The carpenter, Isaac, is a mean-tempered man that wants to put Nicholas to work in his woodshop. He even renames Nicholas, \\"I will call you Brat!\\" Despite his nasty personality, Isaac is able to teach Nicholas the wood-working trade.<br /><br />When the year is up, Isaac learns about the toys that Nicholas makes for the village children. Isaac tells him that he too lost his family, and explains why he is so mean to children. That disclosure changes the relationship between the carpenter and the boy.<br /><br />As Nicholas grows up, he begins to resemble the Santa image we are familiar with. We see him put together his team of reindeer, and we learn why he wears a red suit. (The entire scene with the reindeer had my son laughing his head off.) Unfortunately, there is more sadness in the adult life of Nicholas, which only strengthens his resolve to uphold his tradition of handing out presents. I liked the supporting chracters, and the different dimension they gave to the Santa story. The ending was quite a surprise.<br /><br />This is a great family movie with a beautiful story that will entertain all ages. The sentiment is comparable to [[ASIN:B000AGTPUK The Polar Express]] and [[ASIN:B000R7G6KO Santa Claus Is Comin to Town]], but in live action. Our other Christmas favorites include [[ASIN:B002LII6D2 Emmet Otter's Jug-Band Christmas]] and [[ASIN:B000R7G6KE Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer]].presents. I liked the supporting chracters, and the different dimension they gave to the Santa story. The ending was quite a surprise.    This is a great family movie with a beautiful story that will entertain all ages. The sentiment is comparable to [[ASIN:B000AGTPUK The Polar Express]] and [[ASIN:B000R7G6KO Santa Claus Is Comin to Town]], but in live action. Our other Christmas favorites include [[ASIN:B002LII6D2 Emmet Otter's Jug-Band Christmas]] and [[ASIN:B000R7G6KE Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer]].
B00005NB8J|4.0|This is a great movie, even if you just watch it to see James Spader in pre-Boston Legal days. The copy we received was defective and started skipping about halfway through the movie. I went on line, reported it as defective, and printed out the free return label. The replacement arrived the next day, before I had a chance to ship original. That's good service!    I would have given this movie 5 stars except is seems to be incompatible with today's 6:9 wide screen TVs. No matter what display setting we chose, the image was compressed slightly from top to bottom, making people look short, and round things, like the Stargate, oval.
B002GZQY6Q|5.0|It is hard to write a review for Porcupine Tree without trying to figure out why they are not more popular then they are... This cd continues to grow on me with each listening. I try to see them live each year they visit the states and the N.Y.C. area and have never ever been disappointed, this year at Terminal 5 in the City was no exception.Porcupine Tree is the Best touring band currently without exception... used to be Floyd, then Gilmour, but since niether tours it is the Tree. Enough on that, this C/D is amazing as four songs on the second cd are amazing . It is impossible to rate one song over the other as I believe this is a concept piece and must be played together. Do yourself a favour and listen to the music ,listen to the lyrics , listen to the total piece a few times and give yourself a treat.Been listening to the Tree for years , this is outstanding music, as was Deadwing, In Abstenia, Voyage etc etc... My only hope is they come around again and again and keep releasing material... They are incredible.
1576754227|2.0|Eh this book was ok. I had bought this book a year ago and I finally got around to reading it- (can we say procrastinator?) so anyway, I finished the book and I was kind of dissapointed, it seemed like every concept given was really repetitive throughout the whole book and I kept seeing similar concepts and strategies in the other chapters. So it was like reading about a topic over and over again- which maybe the author had the idea of hammering it into our heads but for those of us who want a lot of different options to tackling this problem then I don't think this book is for you. So for me, instead of 21 strategies I got maybe 10 out of them.     Overall this book didn't make me leap into action to complete my tasks I have been putting off but i got a tiny bit out if it. I would recommend to read self discipline in 10 days, that book was a lot better in comparison for motivation and discipline. I would recommend that book instead. It doesn't exactly tackle a lot of procrastination issues but it did have better content than this book did. I would like to find the end all procrastination book. I'll keep looking.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I have nothing more to add to the reviews...it's Michael Jackson, for crying out loud...just amazing. I never knew I would miss him so much.
1563894696|4.0|The way Loeb & Sale blended in the bas-fonds of Gotham's mafia with Bruce/Batman is so delightful that even the \\"clowns\\" just seem to fall in place and leave the stage in a natural way.
0205313426|5.0|This reference, thouh neary a century old, still wears well and is a must have item for anyoyne interensted in effective composition.
B0025KVLTW|3.0|It's a fun album \\"Weird\\" as Lennon said. The five songs they wrote for the film aren't great (except for \\" I am the Walrus\\") but I guess it was more like scoring a silly film so they weren't aiming high. The other five songs of course include the best from this psych/pop period \\"Strawbery Fields Forever\\" \\"Penny Lane\\" \\"Baby your a Rich Man\\" \\"All you need is Love\\" \\"Hello Goodbye\\". The sound remaster that \\"you won't believe your ears, we spent four years remastering these\\". I have to say that the Beatles catalog to my ears has always sounded great on CD. I did a heavy A/B comparison between these songs and the same songs on the Blue CD (best of 1966 to 1970) In the most subtle rare seconds of some sound there was a bit more separation/clarty. But I mean berely discernable. In fact the Blue cd has more bass punch to it, and I prefer it. I'd heard that the Blue and Red Double CDs were actualy remixed when they were mastered. The '66 and older material may actualy not sound as good as the early stuff because George Martin would fill four tracks and re-record them all to one or two tracks of another tape and kept doing that up to four times, thus degrading the sound a bit in the process. Not so with Rubber soul and earlier.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I was never a big fan of MJ.  I never owned one of his records.  I did really like his videos whenever I saw them on MTV, way back in the 80s.  But other than that...  Fast forward to 2009.  I went to see this movie just because I love music and I was saddened to hear of Michael's passing.  Curiosity and remembering that I did like his singing & dancing.  WOW, WOW, WOW!  As someone said, he was sooo real.  We get to see Michael while he was working, you know, just being himself, not \\"performing\\" - and what a wonderful, warm, humble, caring human being he showed himself to be.  And he never knew that any of us would ever see this video footage.  But by us seeing it, I know that he won those of us over, who had never payed attention to his brilliance.  And that is what I now know of him, he was BRILLIANT, he was a GENIUS!  So now I have bought, and watched so many times I lost count, his live performance in Bucharest, and I've seen the movie \\"This Is It\\" 4 times.  I've cried during it twice.  And I can't wait for it's release because I will surely have it in my collection and be glad to now know who was Michael Jackson.  And I have also purchased the music from the movie, \\"This Is It\\" on CD. And I LOVE  it!  Every single song is just fabulous!  I can't make myself listen to anything else! Over & over.  I only feel sorry that it took his death for me to pay any attention to MJ.  But just imagine, even in death, he is still gaining new fans!  And we will always, always miss you, Michael.
B002BIULQ2|4.0|Even though this generally appeals to pre-teen and teenagers, my husband and I watched it tonight on DVD and thought it was an upbeat, cute movie. Hannah goes back to her roots in Tennessee and finds some interesting old friends, and ultimately her true self. The music was fun, too. It wasn't the best movie I've seen, but it certainly wasn't the worst.
B002KQOCJ2|1.0|Très très mauvais emballage. Le carton est plié et avec des coups. TRès nul!!!! Honteux!!!!!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle's debut album is magnificent and creates a longing in me for more!  I cannot wait for her next album.  Her voice is crystal clear and passionate.  Bless her as she has blessed us with her gift.
B001FB55I0|5.0|No!  This is not ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER'S Terminator.  And NO, James Cameron's hand was not involved directly with this film.  The lore of the Terminator Franchise has actually grown beyond requiring Arnold's presence or James Cameron's input, although a very good CG version of a younger & buff Governator DOES appear in the film.  I was ecstatic that we FINALLY got to see Chapters from the war of the last remnants of humanity against the machines, whereas the other films only teased us with brief glimpses of the conflict.  THIS storyline sets the stage for FUTURE chapters.  While THIS Terminator movie lacks some of the tounge & cheek dialogue that the previous movies contained, it is JUST as good in terms of action, mission, storyline, & acting performances, especially from the newcomer, Sam Worthington, who portrays Marcus Wright and actually has as much if not, more screen time than Christian Bale.    I actually wondered if Christian Bales' on set tirade or political maneuvering not only resulted in lackluster reviews for THIS movie by the \\"Critics\\", but also resulted in the cancelling of one of the most intelligent and action packed sci-fi series to come along since \\"Firefly\\", \\"Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles\\".   Unfortunately, it ENDED with the same results.  A show \\"TERMINATED\\" before its time.  I'm just glad that we will at least see another installation of this film franchise, as this movie was contracted along with a sequel.  I thought McG did an excellent job and I look forward to seeing what he does with the next instalment!      If you enjoy the Terminator franchise, you will most likely enjoy this movie too.  It's not as good as T2, but IMO is a lot better than the 3rd movie.  I gave Terminator Salvation 5 stars because its a movie that I will watch and enjoy many times over, not necessarily because its the best Terminator movie.  I also like the fact that the Director's cut is INCLUDED instead of being repackaged 3 times (like \\"Watchmen\\") and theextras are cool too.
0140157352|4.0|this book was recommended through a management class.  so far it looks like what i was expecting.
B000050XEI|4.0|THe dvd arrived in a timely manner.  It was in good shape you can tell  it was gently used.
B00006CXXU|5.0|i bought this cd when i was just high school freshman. this is definately the best cd of this decade. it does bring deja vu to janet's the velvet rope with the tat/piercings, depression/abuse, and feeling the need to be sexual and rebellious; and they both came out with happy themes on B2B and all for u. at this time, i did however felt that xtina went overboard with her image and trying to prove to everyone that she's not this little saint. it was definately a dark era for her. i remember she would have these superthin, pencil drawn eyebrows and wearing clothes that leave little to the imagination. even though i didn't like that trashy image she was trying to portray, i still think this is her best album overall. i can't believe this album had mostly negative reviews just because xtina choose not to live in some delusional fantasy world like the critics. i don't blame her for wanting to rebel that time. i would be pissed too if people expect me to be this perfect, bubbly, smiley, bimbo all the time! i hate it when great artists like her gets overshadowed..it's just like with adam lambert and crystal bowersox. both talented people and they lost on idol. it has great themes about woman empowerment, sexism, abuse, and overcoming low self esteem.<br /><br />1. Can't Hold Us Down\\" (featuring Lil' Kim)- a song about how women are not allowed to be sexual as men are. they are labeled as \\"sluts\\" and \\"whores\\" while the guys are labeled as \\"heros\\". she does make really good points here. 5/5<br /><br />2. \\"Walk Away\\"-i can relate to this on so many levels. 5/5<br /><br />3. \\"Fighter\\"-this is my FAVORITE song!!! instead of being the victim, she would rather be a \\"fighter\\". instead of being bitter and resentful to her past lover, she's thanking him for making her a much stronger and wiser person. WELL DONE, Christina!!!! that is the smartest thing anyone could come up with. 5/5<br /><br />4. \\"Infatuation\\"- it's a cute song that talks about being infatuated with a puerto rican boy. i can definately relate to this song. love the latin guitars. 5/5<br /><br />5. \\"Loving Me 4 Me\\"-i love this song, it's very soothing and soulful. it's very laidback. it just makes you want to sit in a bubble bath, lit the candles, and be at eased. 5/5<br /><br />6. \\"Impossible\\" (featuring Alicia Keys)-xtina and alicia sound awesome together. 5/5<br /><br />7. \\"Underappreciated\\"-another one of my favs. she talks about she fully committed to this relationship but never gets a \\"thank you\\". 5/5<br /><br />8. \\"Beautiful\\"-this is the best song she has ever written. it's a song for people who has self-esteem issues. the video was excellent. i can relate to this song because it was during that time i had alot of self-esteem issues while i was still in high school. it reminds me of janet's \\"special\\" thank you, xtina. 5/5<br /><br />9. \\"Make Over\\"-sounds very pschydelic/60s rock. 4/5<br /><br />10. \\"Cruz\\"-nice song. 4/5<br /><br />11. \\"Soar\\"-sounds pretty similar to keep on singin my song. it's gospeful influenced.5/5<br /><br />12. \\"Get Mine, Get Yours\\"-this is the only sexual song on this album. very nice. 5/5<br /><br />13. \\"Dirrty\\" (featuring Redman)-the STANDOUT track from this album. i love, LOVE this song. it's probably her best comeback, transitional song. one of the greatest party songs of this decade. 5/5<br /><br />14. \\"The Voice Within\\"-it reminds me of \\"Hurt\\". nice, little ballad. 4/5<br /><br />15. \\"I'm OK\\"-it tells a sad, heartbreaking tale of her abusive father. this is her most personal song. 5/5<br /><br />16. \\"Keep On Singin' My Song\\"- see \\"Soar\\". 5/5oy. i can definately relate to this song. love the latin guitars. 5/5<br /><br />5. \\"Loving Me 4 Me\\"-i love this song, it's very soothing and soulful. it's very laidback. it just makes you want to sit in a bubble bath, lit the candles, and be at eased. 5/5<br /><br />6. \\"Impossible\\" (featuring Alicia Keys)-xtina and alicia sound awesome together. 5/5<br /><br />7. \\"Underappreciated\\"-another one of my favs. she talks about she fully committed to this relationship but never gets a \\"thank you\\". 5/5<br /><br />8. \\"Beautiful\\"-this is the best song she has ever written. it's a song for people who has self-esteem issues. the video was excellent. i can relate to this song because it was during that time i had alot of self-esteem issues while i was still in high school. it reminds me of janet's \\"special\\" thank you, xtina. 5/5<br /><br />9. \\"Make Over\\"-sounds very pschydelic/60s rock. 4/5<br /><br />10. \\"Cruz\\"-nice song. 4/5<br /><br />11. \\"Soar\\"-sounds pretty similar to keep on singin my song. it's gospeful influenced.5/5<br /><br />12. \\"Get Mine, Get Yours\\"-this is the only sexual song on this album. very nice. 5/5<br /><br />13. \\"Dirrty\\" (featuring Redman)-the STANDOUT track from this album. i love, LOVE this song. it's probably her best comeback, transitional song. one of the greatest party songs of this decade. 5/5<br /><br />14. \\"The Voice Within\\"-it reminds me of \\"Hurt\\". nice, little ballad. 4/5<br /><br />15. \\"I'm OK\\"-it tells a sad, heartbreaking tale of her abusive father. this is her most personal song. 5/5<br /><br />16. \\"Keep On Singin' My Song\\"- see \\"Soar\\". 5/5
B002L3RVCY|4.0|Star Wars, ever since I've been a kid, has taken my life and flipped it right-side up. The mesh between drama, action and science fiction has such a unique quality only someone as brilliant as George Lucas could create. I'm proud that he has expanded his universe from as far as toys to video games so his fans can cherish more and more wonderful moments. Every movie and every comic book introduces numerous amounts of characters. One in 'general' catches my eye...    Now Lucas has produced and supervised something revolutionary for Star Wars: a show that runs daily. I have to admit, I had wished Lucas would put the 'Clone Wars concept' to rest and make the show's time-line during the Empire's time, but I decided to let it go, seeing one of my favorite characters in the trailers.    I watched the show and was fairly impressed. Every episode held the same great writing that smooths along the bread that is the Star Wars universe. Lucas had said before that he had wanted to introduce new characters, as well as dive into less-famous ones. In fact, in \\"The Clone Wars'\\" 22 episodes, the show spread all over the galaxy, exploring new worlds and characters. That being said, I can now honestly say that I did not look forward to any new planets, new weapons or new characters. I looked forward for someone in particular.    The DVDs by itself is well worth the buy, oozing with special features and commentary most die-hard Star Wars fans like myself will be drooling over. It has even been released in Blu-Ray, offering a richer and more visually-appealing experience for fans willing to cough-up an extra $20-or-so. I've covered the show, how great it is and what the DVD has to offer. Now I'll discuss the main reason why I even bother with this show, and Star Wars, in the first place.    *THE FOLLOWING IS MY OPINION EXCLUSIVELY OVER THE MANAGEMENT OF MY FAVORITE CHARACTER*    Throughout the Star Wars saga, I've had my share of obsessions over Star Wars' many bad-asses: Boba Fett, Darth Vader, Durge! But no one captures my imagination as much as the one and only General Grievous does. Since his first epic entrance in the cartoon series, I've wanted to see him more and more. In his first appearance, his character is portrayed as a military genius capable of wielding, at the most, 5 lightsabers at a time (4 in each arm and one in his foot)! Grievous was head-strong, practically unstoppable and annihilated everything in his path.    Along with the cartoon series, George Lucas was preparing the final missing chapter: Episode III. Figuring that Grievous would be a confirmed character, I'd stay up all night sketching battle-scenes and wondering how many Jedi's sabers Grievous could add to his collection. But, to my disappointment, Episode III came out with half of Girevous. He still had the same visually-appealing look and an even-cooler commanding voice, but he was so toned-down his awesomeness was nearly transparent.    It made me question logic. Surely Lucas saw Grievous in the cartoons, which came at least a year or two before the movie. Couldn't Lucas keep consistency? It broke my nerdy heart to see Grievous hacking up hairballs for his 30 minutes of screen-time. Or maybe Genndy Tartakovsky, the creator of the cartoons, should have made Grievous less over-powered so he hadn't given people high expectations and anger fans such as myself?    Regardless, I looked forward to watch Clone Wars. I looked forward for Grievous to be redeemed and to finally be able to brag to my friends about how many faces he'd step on. Then things just got from bad to worse.    Grievous was introduced in the season's second episode (I won't go on to spoil anything for people who have yet to see it) and I wanted to literally beat the snot out of Lucas. Now, more than ever, Grievous fits into the tiers of bumbling droids. He's clumsy, he's 'fleeing' by the end of every episode he stars in, and he might have to be treated with the best anger-management courses offered in thegalaxy.    Not only that, but Grievous was only featured in 7 out of the 22 episodes. Now obviously, he can't be in every single one, but you'd think that the Separatist's \\"Supreme Commander\\" would be present in major battle situations that the show is revolved around (it is the Clone \\"Wars\\"). Also, Lucas and his 'expanding universe' might be on the verge of buckling under its own weight. With fans contributing their own pieces of history to Star Wars every year, timelines grow confusing. Anything not officially confirmed is just rejected and labeled as 'canon' (even Genndy Tartakovsky's cartoons stray away from story lines already established). But now, Clone Wars has the right to expand. It 'needs' to if it wishes to hold up against other Cartoon Network programs. I'm not necessarily angry at the show itself, I just wish a show that promises expansion and character-development would stop being narrow-minded and focus on characters already established. Grievous, for instance.    *I'M DONE RAMBLING LIKE AN ANGRY NERD. THE REST IS PURELY OVER REVIEW ON THE DVD BOX SET*    Getting to the real point, the show is great and has a good reason for being so successful. It's thought-out well and offers new bedtime stories for the kiddies this show was intended for. Everyone has their place: the Jedi are the heroes, the droids and Grievous are the victims of their success.    As for Grievous, this has been the 'second' time Star Wars has failed to realize it's full potential with their murder-crazed, psychotic cyborg. Nevertheless, I can only tell myself four simple words that help me sleep better: \\"There's always season two.\\"
B002NHIK1E|5.0|I LOVE it! And I'm talking from the overall viewer's point of view! New actors (I don't care how old they really are - they do a great job!), new plot (not that old-fashion vampire \\"scared of the cross, diabolical figure\\"), and hot guys and gals! My whole neighborhood and family watch it. I'm a science fiction lover, and the show Supernatural was my favorite, but now The Vampire Diaries is it!
B00000JQFM|5.0|5 Stars = Masterpiece<br /><br />Joe Satriani along with his prot&eacute;g&eacute; Steve Vai, are probably the best known shredders, though they were not the first. The big difference though between Joe, & most others (including Vai) is that he respects the structure of a song, whether it be instrumental or with vocals. The man can not only play, but he can write also, & he writes very well! You see, Joe knows when to play lead guitar & when to play rhythm, & when to shut up. He does not go on noodling forever, saying nothing, which is the big down fall of the shred genre. Joe is at once concise, but also possesses an extensive guitar vocabulary second to none, & equaled by only a few.<br /><br />I have several Satriani albums, but there are two for me that are a guitar neck above the rest, \\"Surfin' With the Alien,\\" & \\" Flying in a Blue Dream.\\" Both are masterpieces, & both completely different.<br /><br />On \\"Surfin' with the Alien,\\" Satriani provides the shredder genre with it's first masterpiece, an all instrumental attack on the ears! Not really a fusion album, but a \\"shred\\" album, & on it, Satriani plays like he is a fusion guitarist hopping over to the more structured side of rock. He cuts it through out the album magnificently, announcing a new force to be reckoned with, & a new genre, \\"shred,\\" coming of age. \\"Surfin' with the Alien,\\" is the standard in shred, for all other shredders to be judged by. Just an awesome piece of work!
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|i really like the title song; the poem and the demos. nice to hear mj's voice. just wish these songs were from his rehersals. a must have for mj's fans!!! he will always be the king of pop!!!!!! a true legend!!
0786915749|4.0|I don't normally give four stars just one or five but I felt that that may be misleading in this case. You should read this book. I have trouble reading due to several learning disabilities and if you can relate to that then you know how seldom readable books are found, this is one of them. I didn't give it five stars because the authors made the same mistake that was made in the second season of Lost the TV show: they introduced new characters. This would no be a problem in moderation, but they just throw too many new ones at you. Its too bad because the whole time you really want to get back to what founded the book. In defense of the authors, this is part of a trilogy so they needed to make us ready, but it still steals some momentum from the narrative. Fortunately, this happens in the latter part of the book so I say pick it up because you are going to love it. Even sections of the book where the characters are resting or having some down time are fantastic; what a testament to the abilities of these marvelous authors.
B00064X3FO|5.0|This is the album that really started it all for Elton John and the SACD format brings a totally new listening experience.At the hands of producer Gus Dudgeon the original was brilliant and now in surround you are immersed in the music like never before.It's a shame that the SACD format never really achieved popularity outside the audiophile community and being late to the joys of surround myself I'm finding titles either very expensive or discontinued by the manufacturer so while these Elton John discs are available at a very good price get in and buy them all now.They really are worth it.
B0001I561E|3.0|I bought this product for $30 and when it arrived it had a sticker for a chain store with the price of $19.99.  Please next time at least remove the price tag.  The box was a bit beat up as well.  The movie itself was just fine though so, overall, I'm satisfied with my purchase.
B002OFWG7O|5.0|I bought this for my boyfriend because I already have almost every Foo Fighter song there is.  It is a really great introduction and I especially love the DVD with all the videos because they are hilarious!!  You know what you're getting with this CD, and you already know it's great.  I would recommend this for new fans of the Foos, as an introduction, or just something for a casual fan to listen to. Not one bad song on this CD/DVD.  I love it!
B002RI9ZQ8|5.0|A disgraced journalist and a quiet goth punk like girl who is under the Government's welfare - what do they have in common? Threaded across the book is a theme of abuse of trust, position and power, friendship and baseless assumptions, we follow Mikael Blomkvist, a disgraced journalist who works his way through his \\"sabbatical\\" year \\"writing a biography\\"... there is more than meets the eye.<br /><br />For people who like mysteries and good scares, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is it. I won't go into too much details because alot of it has to be experienced. On the good side, I love it. there's mini cliffhangers throughout the whole book, both mini and big twists and enough questions (raised by you as the reader) to push you along the whole book. It's heart pounding because of the cliffhangers, and plenty of jaw dropping thoughts lined throughout the book.<br /><br />I absolutely fell in love with it. of course, there are very few books that I have chosen based on their summaries and recommendations that I would dislike, with the massive exception of Ian Irvine whom I still loathe - but I digress.<br /><br />On the minus side, which isn't a big issue for me, it seems that they have found those books unpublished and just go \\"woah i see something good in it\\" and threw it into the publishing without too much editing. Granted that because it is a 3 book series, there should be plenty of descriptives involve so everything is easily fleshed out. At one point though, it did feel like it was information overload. There's also plenty of Apple vs PC references (main characters uses Macs while villians were stupid pc users HAHAHAAH) which I laughed to death about, and adore (as you can see, I am an Apple fangirl). There are many people who did complain about it though and the descriptions, much less the branding, was completely unnecessary.
044654146X|4.0|We climbed into a cab in Jerusalem early one morning and after asking where we were headed, our driver launched into an impassioned monologue about the wrong-headed thinking of some low-level bureaucrat to send the street cleaners off to work at 8 a.m. on a work day.<br /><br />\\"They should be cleaning the streets in the middle of the night,\\" he yelled. \\"They don't know what they're doing in this government. They're doing this street clenaing all wrong!\\"<br /><br />I chalked his insistent tirade up to the chutzpah that permeates Israeli society. But Dan Senor and Saul Singer, the authors of Start-Up Nation: The Story of Israel's Economic Miracle, would see his insistence on voicing a better way to do things as key to what has made this 61-year old state become a major player on the world economic stage. Israel has more companies on the NASDAQ than all of Europe, Korea, Japan, Singapore, China and India COMBINED.<br /><br />Senor and Singer explore the unique culture created by persecution, mandatory military service, the melting pot of immigration, lack of shame for business failures, cross-pollination of ideas and people, and the urgent need to learn how to survive when surrounded (and occasionally attacked) by enemies. Israel's business successes seem nonsensical - impossible, even. Start-up Nation explores the cultural, educational, social, emotional, and commercial factors that have allowed this beleagured nation to bloom in the desert. One small beef: the authors omitted the place of faith in the mix in their study of Israeli business/culture. Because faith is foundational to Israeli existence, even secular Jews are shaped by the faith culture all around them.<br /><br />This highly readable, well-researched 300-page hardcover book should be mandatory reading for anyone involved in a non-profit organization or for-profit business. It is possible to foster a culture of innovation within an organization if those in charge have the chutzpah to flatten hierarchy and fight institutionalism. Recommended.ended.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|In the world of on-line service this product was shipped swiftly & and in flawless condition.  I was very impressed and I do believe that even Sheldon himself would have been positively dazzled by this sellers service and integrity. Unlike Sheldon however; this buyer needed a thesaurus to compose this endearing review! After all Sheldon is not only his MeMa's Moon Pie but masses of others, I must not cut he nor the seller short!
0765322889|4.0|This is an extremely complicated and ambitious novel...<br />dear lovers of fantasy,<br />... on the scale of the Lord of the Rings and Dune, although, as far as these elves are concerned, not as engaging. None the less, while it evoked our imagination less than the fore mentioned books, it was interesting and we did not abandon it part way, nor really feel the urge to do so. It is primarily the story of an Empire striving to conquer its neighbors told through the lives of soldiers, mages, thieves and assassins on both, or really all three sides. It also, much like Greek myth, included the machinations of the gods. It is a confusing book and much goes unexplained, which seems impossible considering how long it is and yet, we liked it. What more could we say?<br />kyela,<br />the silver elves
0452284392|2.0|After reading this book, actually quite sooner than that, my reaction was: is that all there is? As one reviewer has said: there is a lot of fluff here.  Instead of lingering, his arguments and explanations could have been stated more succinctly; instead of repeating, his descriptions and references could have been expanded. This is a fascinating topic that warrants a substantial treatment.  However, its execution is more like a long-winded journal article than a monograph.
B00005PJ8O|5.0|this movie presents somewhat of a paradox. All of us are asked to align with our true passion, our true love. Patton knows that his destiny is something to do with being a warrior, today and yesterday. Its not a loving selection, throwing young kids out in front of tanks, or picking one up shaking from fear, and throwing him from the hospital, but the world was being challenged by the fanatical Hitler, and ignoring his actions was not an option. The same goes from the peaceful Hindu's years ago: they had to eventually defend themselves from the fanatical Muslims that tried to exterminate them.    Patton exemplifys a man totally adhered to his passion; a rogue, a maverick, only someone like himself can get the job done that no one else dare tackle. Patton demonstrates his passion, his destiny and never lets fear challenge it.  Patton's character challenges us all to reach for our ultimate love, our ultimate passion, and push fear aside.
B000001FKY|4.0|The trials and tribulations of Def Leppard post `Pyromania' and pre-`Hysteria' have been related ad nauseum in many other forums so I will not rehash them here.  That this album became such an enormous success and made the band the kings of a predominately American genre - hair metal should not have been a big surprise, but it was. The album sold very slowly in the States for the first year or so of its release but then came the phenomenon known as \\"Pour Some Sugar on Me\\", the epitome of rock excess in one four and a half minute song and album sales soared eventually passing the previous records monster success. All of that considered, `Hysteria' has not aged as well as the other albums from the Leps rise to rock superstardom. Probably the biggest reason for this is that the album is a technicological marvel but what does that have to do with rock n' roll? Also, Def Leppard to the chagrin of heavy rock fans intentionally wanted to bury their past as a \\"heavy metal\\" band and become a pop supergroup which was a success, but at what cost? The album has a boatload of hits but very few of them are songs that I continue to play with relish some twenty years later. \\"Love Bites\\" was a number one single in the USA but.....eeesssshhh! Much of the songs on the second half are not that great with the exception of \\"Hysteria\\" (a much better song than \\"Love Bites\\") and closer \\"Love and Affection\\". Most of the hits are early and often on the LP, with opener \\"Women\\" being among the better of the first six songs and of course \\"Sugar\\" which got the chicks to the gigs. Overall I am sure the band will not cry about the millions they made from should be considered the key albums of the late Reagan era but they would no longer be considered a metal band...which won't keep them up at night!
B000W7JWUA|5.0|The game is so much fun. I played with my husband and brother (three adults) all day the first time. We truly loved it. I highly recommend it as something to do during the cold winter months.
0812977246|5.0|This 1981 crime novel is the first in a series highlighting the Soviet detective, Arkady Renko.  These books have become very popular but I usually resist these plot-driven police procedurals.  They tend to feature a horrendous crime and the whole book is about following the clues as the story unfolds to a satisfactory conclusion.  This is true of this book too but I must say that there was something special about it that kept me reading and kept me fascinated.  It was set in the Soviet Union and I was absolutely mesmerized by the details of a way of life that I have only heard rumors about.  I felt it all as I read the book - the cold of the Russian winters, the intrinsic corruption, the taking for granted of the purges that sent thousands of people to Siberia, the acceptance of a lifestyle that includes drinking copious amounts of vodka to ease the hundreds of inconveniences and general dismay of everyday life.<br /><br />The story starts with the discovery of three unidentified bodies in Gorky Park in Moscow.  It unravels slowly as Arlady Renko has to deal with the politics of the times and the monolithic character of the Soviet Union.  There is the dissolution of Renkos marriage followed by a serious love affair with a young woman from Siberia who is loosely connected with the three murdered individuals  We also meet a wealthy corrupt American in the fur trade as well as numerous civil servants, investigators, gangsters, and friends who all wind up brutally murdered.  Arkady himself survives beatings and gunshots and internment in an institution where he is interrogated constantly.  There is also a final section that takes place in New York City and I found myself indentifying with the time and the place in a city I know so well. Renko might be a caricature but I couldn't help but like him as he remains strong in the face of adversity and naturally lives through it all to become the hero of a very successful line of books that follow.<br /><br />In spite of my misgivings and my general impatience with the incredulous details of the plot, I couldn't put the book down and quickly discovered why a book like this is so popular.  It's because the reader gets so caught up in the plot that it becomes a little vacation from the reality of the everyday life and lets a person indentify with the heroism of the lead character.<br /><br />I therefore have to highly recommend this book although I seriously doubt if I'll read any more in the series.general impatience with the incredulous details of the plot, I couldn't put the book down and quickly discovered why a book like this is so popular.  It's because the reader gets so caught up in the plot that it becomes a little vacation from the reality of the everyday life and lets a person indentify with the heroism of the lead character.    I therefore have to highly recommend this book although I seriously doubt if I'll read any more in the series.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Love this movie. The video and sound are amazing. Have a 46inch Samsung with 5.1 surround...this movie really draws you in.
B000056HE9|5.0|This is as good as it gets!! My favorite Christmas movie!  A classic. So elegant and fluid a storyline that you yearn for a dozen more like it! But there is nothing like it.  Filled with the wonder of childhood, of faith restored, of a relationship healed. Of the Divine entering into human lives and changing them for the better. Beautiful. It will move you to tears and have you filled with quiet joy. It will encourage you to trust more and remove the destructive impediments of selfish will and Lean Back into the Everlasting Arms that are G-d.
B000056HE9|5.0|This movie is in my humble opinion, the best Christmas movie ever made.  It has humor, lots of it, and sensitivity to the true meaning of Christmas.  Cary Grant, Loretta Young, and David Niven are incredible in their roles.  This is not only my favorite Christmas movie, it is one of my all time favorite movies in any genre.  I cannot recommend this movie enough.  Heartwarming, funny, caring, wonderful acting, it has it all.  If you are looking for a Christmas movie to warm the heart, \\"The Bishop's Wife\\" is the movie for you!
0684171600|5.0|Originally published by Charles Scribner's Sons  in 1911,with Newell Convers Wyeth illustrations ,this reissue of Robert Louis Stevenson's TREASURE ISLAND is a joy to behold.N.C. Wyeth made seventeen canvases reproducing the book's main events .Outstanding  is the illustration (reproducing his painting) representing Blind Pew (or Old Pew)when the horror of sightlessness is intensified by the diamond - sharp clarity of the wintry night.Through Jim's eyes,we confront the blind beggar under a bright-as-day moon outside the Admiral Benbow Inn.Tapping with his stick,calling out in a voice \\" cruel,and cold,and ugly \\",Pew gropes for us from the dark recesses of his cape with an enormous outstretched hand.This last words are from David Michaelis ,who wrote a wonderful biograpy of N. C. Wyeth,published by Alfred A. Knopf (1998).We congratulate ATHENEUM BOOKS FOR YOUNG READERS for reissuing the Charles Scribner's Sons edition with the utmost care,reuniting two great talents made for each other  : ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON and NEWELL CONVERS WYETH.
B002I9Z8B2|5.0|The plot is pretty simple. Kahn (from the original series) is back and he's not to happy. Once he escaped from his exile, he could go anywhere he wanted to. Instead of doing that, he wants to go after Jim Kirk.  Kahn's obsession leads to his downfall.<br /><br />I really liked how Kahn's need for revenge is his down fall.  When Chekov is in the Botany Bay, you see that on the shelf are a lot of book. One book that really stands out is Moby Dick, kind of forshadows what's going to happen to him.<br /><br />With all of this is doing on, it seems that some scientists have created something called, \\"Genesis\\". Genesis can literally create life from nothing. However for this to happen, it has to destroy whatever life in on a planet or moon for this to work. In the wrong hands, it can be a weapon.<br /><br />It's up to Kirk and Company to stop Kahn and to save Genesis.<br /><br />Seeings how this is such a old movie, the transfer to blu ray is beautiful. The sound is crisp and clear and during the battle scenes is very impressive.  The images on this blu ray are fantastic! The images are sharp, crisp and very clear. I was really impressed with how smoothly the transfer really went.  It has some really neat extras that I haven't seen before. I really liked it.<br /><br />I just have one small complaint about the blu ray. The menu screen wasn't all that great. It seems that all of the Star Trek movie menu screens just have the Star Trek symbol, that's it. I feel that they could have but anything up there, but they didn't and really dropped the ball.<br /><br />Again, this is a fantastic transfer, I highly suggest it. If you know a Star Trek fan in your life, they'd love to have this.
B0026P3G12|5.0|As I listen to Susan sing \\"Who I was born to be,\\" the song that was written especially for her, I wonder how many of her critics can truthfully say that.  Susan is not afraid to add to her debut album songs that portray her faith in God, such as Amazing Grace, alongside the songs that made her famous.  For those who lament that such songs are there, you must realize that, by her own statement, Susan's faith is the backbone of her life.  Susan cannot be wholly represented without that, nor should we desire her to be less than who she is.  Her voice is magnificent, and she has used this gift to teach us to the value of hard work and hope.    Susan sings our story.  As she sings, \\"I dreamed a dream,\\" I ask, Who of us has not dreamed a dream?  Yet many of the songs on this album tell another story, hers and ours, of broken dreams.  Susan shows us in song how these broken dreams helped her persevere and grow stronger through her tenacious spirit of hope.  Susan has been faithful to care for her aging mother and put others first, true to her faith in God, and and persevering in her quest for her dream.    It's time for the world to hear these valuable lessons in song from this humble village woman who chose to believe.  Thank you, Susan.
B002I9Z8DK|5.0|The plot of the movie is pretty simple.  The Klingons (Man I'm such a nerd) are on the verge of extinction. Starfleet want's Kirk and company to go on a diplomatic mission to meet with Klingon officials  to work on peace between Starfleet and the Klingon empire, the Undiscovered Country. However, that being said, not everyone wants peace between the two cultures. It seems that when the Klingons beam back to their ship, the Enterprise fire two shots at the ship and disables it. Then two officers beam aboard the Klingon ship and killed the Klingon Chancellor. This pretty much kills the chance for peace. Kirk and company have to find out what really happened and who doesn't want peace between Starfleet and the Klingon Empire.<br /><br />This really is a wonderful transfer to blu ray. The sound is crisp and clear and the images are sharp, vivid and clear. I can't say enough good things on how this was transfered over. I just have one small issue with the Star Trek blu ray's. The main movie menu is really lame. It's the same image for all the movies, it's the Star Trek symbol, and that's it. The Star Trek symbol. They could have done so much and put anything they wanted there. That's the only issue I have with the Star Trek blu rays.<br /><br />I highly suggest you get this movie. It has some wonderful plot twists and will keep you guessing right up to the end. If you get it for yourself, or a Star Trek fan in you life, you won't be sorry. I know I'm not.
B002OEBMN4|5.0|This album is exceptionally aggressive and raw, another example of how a band without radio airplay has stayed on top of their game after 25 or so years together.  Do yourself a favor and get this latest effort from the boys hellbent on driving, riveting riffs accompanied by lyrics/vocals consistent with doom and gloom.  All I can say is that every offering from Slayer makes it's way into my musical catalog.  What else can I say, this is clearly a strong, powerful, hateful, dark, instant classic that will be sure to assault your senses.  With Rick Rubin at the helm, you're guaranteed a perfect product every time.  But then again I dig everything they've ever put out.  Slayerheads REJOICE!!!!
B000UR9QHQ|5.0|When I bought my blu ray player, I couldn't get this movie fast enough. This is hands down my favorite horror move.  What makes this so fantastic is that is has very little blood, and a ton of suspense.  My favorite parts is when a character is doing something, then the camera pans, then you see that Michael is there....lurking in the shadows. Fantastic!<br /><br />For those of you who don't know, this is about a boy that was institualized for killing his older sister on Halloween night. The one day, he escapes and heads back home to continue the killing. He picks one teen ( I wont' say why) and goes after her. If anyone gets in his way, then that's their problem. Along the way, his doctor, Dr. Loomis heads back to Michael's hometown in order to stop him.  That's all I really want to say on the plot.<br /><br />This is such a fantastic movie! It was a lot of suspense that will keep you glued to your seat. I can't say enough good things about Halloween.<br /><br />The transfer to blu ray is wonderful! The sound is crisp and clear. The images are vivid and sharp. This is the way Halloween was meant to be seen.  This has a fantastic extra. It's called \\"Fast Facts\\". If you set the setting's for the \\"Fast Facts\\" you get to see little facts about the movie (about the stars, production ect) that add a wonder aspect to a great movie.<br /><br />This is a classic and a must have.
B0000029AP|5.0|Probably the second very best Aerosmith recordings. This was my first introduction to the band and I still have the good time feelings when I play it. These songs were the reason for being a \\"Rocker\\" and picking up a guitar. Great songs, great band, good times.
B000DN5W4I|5.0|If you enjoy Electric Blues (i.e. SRV) and you enjoy entertainers who (unlike Kenny Wayne Shephard) play their instruments AND sing there own songs, then you can't go wrong with \\"anything\\" Bonamassa. Ever since the demise of SRV, I've been looking for someone to come along that pleases me near as much as SRV did and I believe that I've found that person in Joe Bonamassa. I now own several of his Cd's and when I ordered this DVD, I was a bit apprehensive... Live performances are not always a credit to the performer, BUT this DVD is worth every penny spent to acquire it.  When you do, be sure to turn up the volume.  You're gonna love it !!
B002QB1910|4.0|The \\"Mad House\\" Intro is the best intro I have ever heard!!!  In fact, it should have been two minutes longer.  The beat is great, and the melody is awesome.  Good intro into the contents of the album.  I wish I could give this album 4.5 stars, only because the \\"Te Amo\\" song threw me for a loop, and did not match quite well with the contents of this album.  This album is the bad girl in all of us that is raging deep inside.  Men don't shy away from this album, because the songs are not girly at all.  The best album from Rihanna yet.  Keep rockin' it!!
159562015X|5.0|If you want a book that will define who you are as well as help you better you life, then BUY THIS BOOK!
0920668364|5.0|When my 27 year old son was in Kindergarten, his teacher read this book to all the kids and their mothers in Celebration of Mother's Day if I remember correctly. What ever the occasion, this book brought tears to all the mothers eyes. As my son grew over the years, the verse in this book: I love you forever, I like you for always, became our words to each other in all our cards & special gifts and we still use it and say it to this day. I purchased this book for him when he became an adult as a special gift. Now I have another son in Kindergarten again. I am purchasing this book for him for Christmas. I can't wait to read it to him. I'm sure I will cry all over again. This is a must read if you have children. It is a very special book!
0385341075|1.0|Despite all my friends' recommendations, I found this story to be highly implausible. It is set in a real place (Bougainville Island, Papua New Guinea) and the miners' strike and the military actions are also real. But - it is a stretch too far to suggest that isolated village children could comprehend the complex English of a Dickens' novel. The author goes to great pains to point out the community's lack of sophistication and limited connection with the outside world. How, then, could they possibly understand Dickens' world or his language? Sorry, I gave up after about 30 pages.
B002VKE1K2|1.0|lucky enough i got a downloaded copy from a friend and am watching as i type this. Had characters that could have really gone thrugh those emotions if it really happened but really not only im i bored to DEATH i havne't seen the point in this film sad sad day that they actually let this appear in theaters. Well worth a download do not buy unless you want to hear a couple bore you to death with their mindless chatter. i gave this a 1 star rating since you can't give it a zero star rating pointless to put it on blu-ray. I suggest you download this movie if you dare to see it
B001EAWMGA|3.0|The dumbing down of film making continues. There's just too much about this film that's predictable. The novel effort aside there's nothing to recommend on this variation of yet another Grendel tale. Yes the beast is kind of cool. I'll also pretty much watch anything with Ron Perlman but those factors aside there's no bravery or innovation here. I applaud the casting director and the director for not using pumped up actors to play the Vikings (there's nothing worse than Vikings with bodies by Gold's Gym). My problem stems from the main story, the poor settings, dialog and the lead by James Caviezel which is just not riveting. He's not a bad actor but he's not given enough to pull this off. The dialog is not memorable and while some of the action is nice it requires the whole film to work with it.   The back story was the best part about the film's story line and I noticed a few people actually faulting it. That's too bad. While I'm not a fan of the basic premise (I was much more excited before it became apparent that Beowolf was being channeled AGAIN...)of the main story I did enjoy this added point about the repercussions of the arrogance and the price sometimes paid as a result of that arrogance. It wasn't PC. It was karma.  Is this a bad film. No, not really. But it could have been better had the director just been more daring with his lead casting and overall execution. The finale had a lot of potential that just fizzled for me.  No spoilers. I won't advise anyone to avoid it but I also cannot with good conscience recommend it.  Maybe it will wear better with a second viewing, but I'm not rushing off to do that.
B00009NHC5|5.0|I have always loved this movie.  I am so happy it is still available and that I could get in on DVD.
B002VECM40|3.0|12/06/09 my selective viewing of black cinema as well as selective readings of black books generally  dispel the myth that \\"only $money can depict class and style. (I've seen the movie \\"Precious based on the book Push\\" filmed by director Lee Daniels)but have not read the book \\"Push\\" by Sapphire. (The era is 1987, a time after faith based leaders as well as other noteables,inclusive of artists,authors and actors and \\"quality of life experts\\" have already became more involved with solutions for the black society's woes from external forces(civil rights) with less emphasis  due to the unrealized need for the \\"clean sweeps needed from within its psyche\\"(e.g. needs for :self construction not self destruction) ..the fact that the movie script gave an extra twist \\"out of the blue\\" to \\"alternate life style\\" as to \\"who were really 'the Good Samaritans' to \\"Precious\\"..seems to fits right in with the author's line of thought throughout the various situations presented....For it(the movie) to end \\"tidy\\", with \\"Precious\\"(actress Gabourey Sidibe)to have her diet in place(her children somehow looked after by someone), even \\"her mother Mary\\"(artistan MO'Nique) put in some sort of mental health consortium....( a smooth evolution just wasn't in the script).. the movie's shred of hope: a \\"sequel\\" (?)perhaps ,which has \\"Precious\\" do better for herself within her life's journey.
B0026P3G12|2.0|this SO-called, Susan Boyle talented singer from the north of England or Scotland or Iceland.. ?!? who went cuckcoo during the X-factor during 2008 or 09 now has her \\"eagerly anticipated album\\" which she did'nt write by herself at all..?? I just can't believe they simply pull vulnerable people off the streets and throw them into television and mainstream media to point and laugh at, then out of all the publicity comes a). the book, b). the music album or dvd!! This is a waste of airtime in my opinion pure exploitation!    Agree or diagree but respect MY opinion please folks..    : )
B0002DXEPI|1.0|When I ordered the DVD from an american company I didn't realize that it only played in the UK.
B000KKPN5C|3.0|This is a very well constructed flash unit, easy to use, affordable, compact and light, I would rate this higher but it lacked a few features, but you should evaluate first what your using it for before you purchase it, if you need or use multiple flash units, need a fast recycle time, or going to use a remote this is not for you, This works for the occasional indoor shooter, It functions very well with my D200 and a 70-200 VR, In fact when I tested this unit, I said to myself if it does not function with this particular lens I would move on to the SB 6,8 or 900, but to my surprise it worked better then I had expected! If you over read this review or have any doubts then just move on up to the SB 600 or higher, you won't go wrong with any of them.
B000GUJYLU|5.0|This movie is realy good. it's a great love story i reaI recomend this movie lly enjoyed it. :)
B002MW50KY|5.0|As a long time Dylan admirer (bought \\"Like a Rolling Stone\\" as a single and most albums since then)I always said a Bob Dylan Christmas album would be a sign that the end was near. Nevertheless, when I heard about this album I ordered it immediately.  I'm glad I did.  I expect the raspy voice and sometimes even look forward to it.  But what I really liked and have always liked about Dylan is the honesty.  And hearing him shout out Ho, Ho, Ho was the icing on the cake.  And donating all the profits is a nice touch.
B0006Z2LP6|5.0|This two disc special edition of Apollo 13 is awesome one the best two disc movies you'll ever own. this movie is awesome. I recomend this movie :)
0143036556|3.0|INTERESTING INSIGHTS ON OUR ENVIRONMENT AND HOW IT WILL EFFECT US ALL.  THOSE WHO THINK WE HAVE NO \\"EFFECT\\" ON OUR CLIMATE THIS BOOK IS A MUST READ, AND FOR THOSE WHO THINK IT DOES NOT MATTER...THE END IS NEAR MY BROTHER AND SISTER, THE END IS NEAR...(WELL AT LEAST NOT WEEK OR NEXT MONTH..)
B002HWRYJE|3.0|I've been a 'Trek fan' since the very first TOS aired in 1966, and have always looked forward to each film release, and new TV series... I've gotta say, this one disappointed me.... actually, lemme just say \\"Woe is me\\", regarding this film, and the future of Trek. Why? Because all of the 'consistancy' and 'continuity' of Roddenberry's 'Star Trek', from TOS, to all of the films with Kirk, then TNG and it's films; and DS9, Voyager, and even Enterprise... all of the producers/writers like Berman, Pillar, and Bragda, have maintained a steady flow, keeping the entire story of Trek, pretty constant, and maintaining Trek's own historical-storyline true. Even filling-in voids of the past... like: In the original series, why the Klingons looked more human than anything else... was thoughtfully a skillfully explained in the Enterprise series, so that it made sense, and much more believable and authentic. It was this, the writingm the 'care of details and consistancy' which set Star Trek appart.<br /><br />And now, we see the original Enterprise (NCC-1701) with little resemblence, except for the saucer-shape primary hull, and the secondary hull with the two nacelles. The entire bridge looked way too advanced for it's place in the 'Trek timeline' (alternate timeline, or not)... and the Engineering deck looked like what one might see below deck of a present-day ocean liner, beneath the swimming pool(s)... huge, vast, looking probably larger on the inside, than the outside... but not seeing much of the engines. And the large water-pipes Scotty got stuck in... wound around and around, looking more like a giant child's game (some assembly required). I dunno... maybe it's just me... but then, I'm kinda 'old-school', and therefore have some expectations of quality, not just quanity. And, ya can't watch a new Trek, without seeing how they're gonna do the 'transporter' effect. IMO, \\"Enterprise\\" had the very best 'transporter effect' of them all. To me, it actually looked... 'real'... as I would expect it to look if their atoms were being disassembled, and reassembled.... Much better than any of the past films, or TV series. Although TOS, for the era, was pretty good... and, \\"The Motion Picture\\" (Trek 1) was probably the longest, as well as the worst. In this film... the 'transporter effect' looked...  I dunno... unlike anything seen before... white swirls, circling arms, legs, head and body... 'round and round we go, where it'll stop, nobody knows'. Perhaps looking like it was better suited for a sci-fi cartoon, than a film. I guess it could be worse. But it certainly didn't fit-in with the established 'Trek technology' of any era... from TOS, to 'Enterprise'. And... those little details are important.<br /><br />I found the little 'hootchie-coochie'-thing between Spock and Uhura quite unbelievable... and no good reason for it (again, alternate timeline or not)(wasn't it Nurse Chappel who loved Spock?!)(And Kirk and Uhura did the first interracial kiss on network TV). I felt the entire story-line to be far, far below the traditional 'Trek standards', being weak, at it's best. Here (once again), we find the Federation having to deal with a naughty, pissed-off Romulan (for the umteenth time)... Romulan's, whose ears are now completely different than their common-ancestral cousins, the Vulcans. And (of course) they speak perfect English without a UT (universal translator)... but more- they speek just like 20-year-old members of their counterparts of present-day America, from most any street corner, bar, or trendy night-clubbers. \\"Hello\\"... being their opening greeting, sounding like he was going to invite everyone over to his ship to 'jam'... and the Romulan arogance, which they are so well known for, was now where to be found. And to write-in the story that both Romulas and Vulcan are both destroyed... kinda makes me think that most of the writing (and producing for that matter), was done at a high-end crack-house/club.<br /><br />I will give credit with the casting... expecially for Scotty and McCoy. IMO, both were totally believable, as the younger versions of the TOS crew... and, they (evidently) did their homework, as far as studying their character's mannerisms and speech. I think that Kirk looked a bit too young... like fresh out of high school (or, would that be a GED???)(I couldn't resist). Chekov... I dunno... he seemed way, way 'brighter'... and a little too 'bubbly'... as if the crack-pipe was hidden in the ash-tray in the dashboard of his console. Spock?.... hmmmm.... I dunno... I'm kinda 'sittin' of the fence' regarding him (Zach). I couldn't shake the feeling that one of the other 'Heroes' was gonna somehow pop-in. But I did kinda like the scene of the ship being constructed on the ground... looked kewel... (despite that Starfleet built all their ships in spacedock, either orbiting Earth, or another planet(s)... but in space rather than on the ground. Still- it gave the sense of a massive ship (perhaps way-larger than any previous NCC-1701)(maybe even too large), seeing it thata-way.<br /><br />To sum it all up (as an old-school, old-timer)... I felt disappointed in this film... in addition to the above mentioned 'Trek inconsistencies'... but in the lack of good writing and storyline, in favor of way, way, WAY overdone special-effects, especially in the battle scenes. It was like... 'you couldn't see the forest for the trees'. And, like I said about the bridge... here we have this very large, spacious room, adorned with heep-big-plenty transparent displays & controls (something that even Picard's NCC-1701 D didn't have)... all white, looking a bit like a winter-wonderland, manned by ghosts and polar bears.<br /><br />To me, it would be a near perfect film for those, who have a very short attention-span, and/or just wanna see action, action, action... and 'who cares about the story... or how well it fits within the established Trek ensemble. Additionally, even though this is supposed to be an 'alternate timeline thingy', or 'alternate reality whatever'... I couldn't see where they had given any forethought to leaving any openings for any other films (which after this, I doubt there would be)(Since Gene Roddenberry can't \\"roll over in his grave\\"... I'm guessing that his ashes released in space, are now headed back to Earth... Hollywood... to reassemble for revenge).<br /><br />If I were you... I'd rent it first... and see if you think you can live with it being in your library... placed next to all of the others, with decades of the 'Trek-flavor', that this one, just doesn't seem to care anything about. Of course, I realize that I'm probably in the minority (having a 3-digit IQ)... with 'expectations'. It's just that I 'really did' want this film to be great, and instead, I'm having to watch reruns of 'Enterprise' (in Hi-Def) \\"In a mirror, Darkly\\" to scratch that 'Trek-itch'. (Oh!....Oh!.... reminds me... Scotty did say that he'd transported (and lost) Archer's beagle, \\"Porthos\\"... kinda done as a humor-bit). But I wonder... how friggin' old would that make Porthos?... and, wouldn't that make Porthos several decades old????  Hmmmmmm.....?<br /><br />UPDATE! I-VIII-MMX<br /><br />After watching and re-watching... and watching on top of that (just to make sure I had not been fair in my first review of Star Trek (2009))....  I've got some additional info, facts, and opinions that surely, 'some' of the true Star Trek fans will be interested in. I honestly don't think any of 'them' understood Star Trek... what the underlying idea of Gene Roddenberry's, was.<br /><br />Actually, I do not resend anything I've said on my first review... but would like to back-up my statements with some 'facts', and the benefit of additional viewings. I watched the film setting the audio mode to listen to J.J. Abrams & the editor's commentaries, as the film ran.<br /><br />It was so, so painfully obvious that no one \\"in the captain's chair\\" of this film, was ever a Star Trek fan, andmost didn't even 'bother' to watch all of the series and films, noting the 'continuity issues' I've mentioned, regarding how this film, in no way, fits within the 'Star Trek Spirit' of Gene Roddenberry. And also, let me say for the record... I am NOT a hard-core, uniform wearing, fan club membership card carrying 'extremist' (pardon the phrase). I'm just someone who started watching with the very first episode in September of 1966... and have watched every single episode, cartoon, and film, since them. There are certainly those, who know much more about Trek than I... and are into Trek much more as well. However...<br /><br />There's no excuse for J.J. Abrams saying on the commentary track, that \\"he was NEVER a Star Trek fan... and in fact... \\"Hated Star Trek\\"! And yet... he's producing/directing the latest Trek film????!!!! There were many little 'tidbits' of info which suddenly made it obvious why the film (in my opinion) a 'Trek Fake'. Good ol' J.J. couldn't recall if Mr. Spock ever 'ran' in the original series... in fact, there are way too many things about Trek that he did not know, and had no idea why they were the way they were, or what was what, for what reason. (Again... total lack of Trek-continuity).<br /><br />More 'bones' to pick:<br />Good ol' J.J. is speaking of all of the \\"thousands of little peons\\" down in the lower 'bowels' of the ship(s)... well hell... everyone knows the crew complement or the original NCC-1701 USS Enterprise was 425-430 (+/- a couple)... and Picard's Enterprise had around 1,100-some-odd crew... just depending (and families, too). Anyway- the reason the engineering decks look more like current-day power plants, breweries, and factories, is because that's where they shot a great deal of the inside of the ships... (and it looks like it, too.)(They stuck a couple of computer screens in a Budweiser brewery, and called it 'Engineering'. \\"ENGINEERING\\"... and your hard-pressed for find controls, or panels, or anything other than plumbing and steel supports. And that peculiar water reclamation-tube that Scottie was beamed into... that just went on and on and on.... almost like some futuristic 'Mouse-Trap Game'!....  obscured!<br /><br />Even the 'notion' that the time-line is changed because of the events... that doesn't explain the things BEFORE the time-line is affected... like the overall appearance of the Enterprise (which looks like it was designed by the same people who used to design kitchen appliances back in the 30's and 40's. Additionally- J.J. says he never made-up a 'story board', and would decide what they would do, and what would be in (or out) of the script 'on-the-fly', the same day they filmed the scenes.<br /><br />J.J. explains that his story was actually much longer... but editing the film down to a manageable level (for the production staff, and the audience) meant that critical sections had to be left on the cutting-room floor. Yeah... that's done often enough... but in this case, key elements explaining the story are left out. Of, he tells ya about what 'they WERE going to do'... but that doesn't help the film. Oh yeah... J.J. is molding Trek to fit his impression(s) of all of the films HE grew up with... Star Wars and others, but doesn't even come close.<br /><br />I'll say again... areas which are all too well known to anyone who has ever watched Star Trek... the bridge... the transporter room... engineering... none of these critical areas are anywhere close to resembling anything Star Trek... \\"TOS\\", \\"Enterprise\\", or any of the series or previous films. The theme music is used over and over and over (being a composer and sound-designer, I listen for such things)... and the only 'quiet' part of the film is when Kirk, Sulu and the other officer 'sky-dive' from orbit (failing to ignite when hitting the atmosphere)... there's a few seconds of silence.<br /><br />But as I said in my original review- This film is for the young people, who have short attention-spans, and absolutely MUST have back to back action, all of the time, and don't worry about the story, or continuity. (Sorry- but I call 'em like I see 'em). I cannot believe... for the life of me that Paramount, or any of the Star Trek Franchise owners are 'proud' of this film... and if they are, and plan more just like it.... well.... \\"woe is me!\\". I've resold my copy (something I never do with my collection, no matter how many times I've watched a film.<br /><br />If ya gotta see it... rent it... rent it cheap. If ya got a double-digit I.Q., you'll probably like it. I doubt I'll ever pay good money for anything he's had a hand in.<br /><br />Sorry-tinuity issues' I've mentioned, regarding how this film, in no way, fits within the 'Star Trek Spirit' of Gene Roddenberry. And also, let me say for the record... I am NOT a hard-core, uniform wearing, fan club membership card carrying 'extremist' (pardon the phrase). I'm just someone who started watching with the very first episode in September of 1966... and have watched every single episode, cartoon, and film, since them. There are certainly those, who know much more about Trek than I... and are into Trek much more as well. However...      There's no excuse for J.J. Abrams saying on the commentary track, that \\"he was NEVER a Star Trek fan... and in fact... \\"Hated Star Trek\\"! And yet... he's producing/directing the latest Trek film????!!!! There were many little 'tidbits' of info which suddenly made it obvious why the film (in my opinion) a 'Trek Fake'. Good ol' J.J. couldn't recall if Mr. Spock ever 'ran' in the original series... in fact, there are way too many things about Trek that he did not know, and had no idea why they were the way they were, or what was what, for what reason. (Again... total lack of Trek-continuity).    More 'bones' to pick:  Good ol' J.J. is speaking of all of the \\"thousands of little peons\\" down in the lower 'bowels' of the ship(s)... well hell... everyone knows the crew complement or the original NCC-1701 USS Enterprise was 425-430 (+/- a couple)... and Picard's Enterprise had around 1,100-some-odd crew... just depending (and families, too). Anyway- the reason the engineering decks look more like current-day power plants, breweries, and factories, is because that's where they shot a great deal of the inside of the ships... (and it looks like it, too.)(They stuck a couple of computer screens in a Budweiser brewery, and called it 'Engineering'. \\"ENGINEERING\\"... and your hard-pressed for find controls, or panels, or anything other than plumbing and steel supports. And that peculiar water reclamation-tube that Scottie was beamed into... that just went on and on and on.... almost like some futuristic 'Mouse-Trap Game'!....  obscured!    Even the 'notion' that the time-line is changed because of the events... that doesn't explain the things BEFORE the time-line is affected... like the overall appearance of the Enterprise (which looks like it was designed by the same people who used to design kitchen appliances back in the 30's and 40's. Additionally- J.J. says he never made-up a 'story board', and would decide what they would do, and what would be in (or out) of the script 'on-the-fly', the same day they filmed the scenes.    J.J. explains that his story was actually much longer... but editing the film down to a manageable level (for the production staff, and the audience) meant that critical sections had to be left on the cutting-room floor. Yeah... that's done often enough... but in this case, key elements explaining the story are left out. Of, he tells ya about what 'they WERE going to do'... but that doesn't help the film. Oh yeah... J.J. is molding Trek to fit his impression(s) of all of the films HE grew up with... Star Wars and others, but doesn't even come close.    I'll say again... areas which are all too well known to anyone who has ever watched Star Trek... the bridge... the transporter room... engineering... none of these critical areas are anywhere close to resembling anything Star Trek... \\"TOS\\", \\"Enterprise\\", or any of the series or previous films. The theme music is used over and over and over (being a composer and sound-designer, I listen for such things)... and the only 'quiet' part of the film is when Kirk, Sulu and the other officer 'sky-dive' from orbit (failing to ignite when hitting the atmosphere)... there's a few seconds of silence.    But as I said in my original review- This film is for the young people, who have short attention-spans, and absolutely MUST have back to back action, all of the time, and don't worry about the story, or continuity. (Sorry- but I call 'em like I see 'em). I cannot believe... for the life of me that Paramount, or any of the Star Trek Franchise owners are 'proud' of this film... and if they are, and plan more just like it.... well.... \\"woe is me!\\". I've resold my copy (something I never do with my collection, no matter how many times I've watched a film.    If ya gotta see it... rent it... rent it cheap. If ya got a double-digit I.Q., you'll probably like it. I doubt I'll ever pay good money for anything he's had a hand in.    Sorry-
B000007O9L|3.0|Sure, it's always fun to hear the original \\"Bad Boys\\" of Rock N Roll stroll, or in this case, hobble down memory lane. But here, they sound so tired and bored. Even the novelty \\"Unplugged\\" approach isn't enough to resuscitate these exhausted, nearly expired attempts. Perhaps if they were to restage this stunt in the year 2025, maybe then it will have some relevance and even some edge. But as it is, its balls are dragging.<br /><br />The original version of every song done here is far superior, these are all so drained of energy. Even the absurdly overdue stab at \\"Like a Rolling Stone\\" is just mediocre. The engineering and audio quality may be superlative, and the approach interesting, sure. And even pleasant, but who the F*** needs the The Stones to be PLEASANT? Honestly, you withering, burnt out yuppies have SO overrated this sad, lame financially inspired hoax, it's no wonder the world's in the shape it is. It's all your fault...
0451209338|5.0|A great weekend read. Daniel Silva is a superb storyteller, building complex characters in the Middle East area. I did not have this book, the first in the Gabriel Allon series. I can't wait for the new book. Alas, I have to wait for a year, but the wait is always worth it.
B002ECN4P0|3.0|You Chumps that complain about what is or isn't on a compilation are pathetic. If you really like the Stones then you already have everything good. If you rely on someone else to tell you what's worth having or important, then you're just a sucker that's ripe for the taking. Buy, borrow or steal the original whole albums(remastered) 'cause there's ALWAYS great stuff on 'em that doesn't make the \\"greatest\\" hits or box sets. Seriously, it's like talking to children...
B001FB55HQ|5.0|I'll agree with other reviewers that this will probably be a movie most will either love or hate. Personally, I loved the movie and thought it was a great followup to the other Terminator movies. Be warned, however, that if you go into this movie expecting it to be like the past films- well, you be the judge. Whereas the other films dealt with alot of storyline about the Terminators, Cyberdine and Skynet; this film does very little to push that envelope along. In its' place, all we see are alot of action sequences with different types of machines and some Terminator action but not alot. Other than that, the cast was well chosen with all giving solid performances.<br /><br />The story takes place in 2018. Judgment Day has come and gone. John Conner is hard at work trying to convince the rest of the world that he is the key to their salvation from the Terminators. Marcus Wright is a death row prisoner who submits his body to experiments as penance for crimes he has committed(yet only hinted at in the movie). Awaking in 2018, Marcus discovers that the world has been destroyed and is no longer as he remembers it. Along his way, he meets up with Kyle Reese and that's where the movie pretty much starts.<br /><br />While I think Termintor Salvation is a great movie, it was pretty much done in McG's over the top style of filmmaking that he did in Charlie's Angels/Charlie's Angels:Full Throttle.
B001F0VHEM|5.0|l love this product! thanks!!
B000092Q8K|5.0|The album is a masterpiece by all aspects. It's not only about \\"sledgehammer\\", \\"big time\\" or \\"don't give up\\", which were massive chart hits in the 80s. It's the totality that hits you. Every song has its own value, which sums up as a unique experience.        The depths and details of the arrangements can be experienced in this SACD format with a proper sound system. If you have a standard setup, I can not blame you that you couldn't find any difference with the CD version. It's so sad to see that this 2 channel SACD version is discountinued by the manufacturer.
B000RW3VD4|5.0|\\"Wall Street\\" is basically a condemnation of the \\"go go\\" era of the 1980s.  Prior to the early 1980s the Dow Jones Industrial Average had been rangebound between about 600 and 1000.  Suddenly it took off towards 2000 and never stopped.  Fortunes were made and lost. Corporations rose and fell.  Capitalism's \\"creative destruction\\" was in full swing.  When it was over, we had created the world we live in today.  In this film Michael Douglas plays corporate raider and greenmailer Gordon Gekko.  Budd Fox (Charlie Sheen) is a motivated young stockbroker who falls into Gekko's orbit with its promise of big money, beautiful women, and all the power that big money brings.  The only catch is, for Budd Fox this required him to engage in insider trading and selling out the company that his father works for.<br /><br />This film includes numerous memorable scenes that have passed into folklore.  Gordon Gekko's \\"Greed is Good!\\" speech at a stockholder's meeting is a classic--brutal -- but it is also true, and more or less explains the competitive nature of capitalism.  Michael Douglas won a well-deserved Academy Award for his portrayal of the amoral and immoral Gordon Gekko.  Gekko has not only lost all sense of morality, but he has crossed the line and in the film he is systematically violating the law for stock market gains.<br /><br />\\"Wall Street\\" is a cautionary tale about losing sight of morality for money.  As such, it succeeds in conveying its message while at the same time being hugely entertaining.  Michael Douglas turns in a fantastic performance as Gordon Gekko, and Charlie Sheen is superb as Budd Fox.  The supporting cast is uniformly excellent.  This film deserves every one of its five stars.  Highly recommended.  RJB.
B0001ZXM54|5.0|This is one of the best CD's the Three Texans of ever made.  Sweet licks, lots of jammin' guitar riffs.  I love this CD!!!
0312370849|3.0|Good for the author for writing about a subject so rarely explored in Holocaust fiction, that of French complicity in the deportation of France's Jews to Nazi death camps during WWII.  I didn't know details of the Vel d'Hiver roundup, so I have to thank de Rosay for bringing them to light.  I do, however, have to agree with other reviewers about the melodramatic tone and predictability of the narrative.  The characters engage in so much dramatic introspection that it actually serves to diminish the story about 11-year old Sarah's experiences during the awful events of July 1942, whereas a more matter-of-fact account would have done more for the story.  Still, there were parts that left me in tears, and while the characters of the modern part of the story were cookie-cutter, the characters from 1942 felt all-too-real and moved me.     This book is worth reading for the first half, but every time I read a so-so book about the Holocaust or Nazi-occupied parts of Europe, I can't help thinking about [[ASIN:0375842209 The Book Thief]], which managed to find a unique and moving way to bring home the horrors of being a child during this tragic period of history.  Sadly, Sarah's Key isn't up to this standard of writing, but kudos again to the author for her research and passion.
B002QEXN2K|4.0|There aren't many male artists around of the young age of John Mayer who possess such obvious musical gifts and perform with pure artistry as he does.  He has managed to become bigger than life after the release of only a couple of albums.  His career has not been that long for the respect and admiration he has earned within the industry.  His last album CONTINUUM may forever be the best of his career if not at least a major milestone.  What should people expect from an artist after a release like that.<br /><br />CONTINUUM was so rare for John Mayer created it from his heart and soul.  He had a message, a purpose and all the parts melded together magically.  Here we have a totally different side of Jahn Mayer.  It's a set of tracks where John shares with us the ups and downs, troubles and sorrows of life, love and relationships.  In no way does this compare to CONTINUUM and I don't think it is fare to expect every release to be at that level.  What I ask of any artist when they release a cd is that they release a project with purpose that is important to them that they put their heart into.  John Mayer certainly did that here exactly as he did with CONTINUUM and the results are different.<br /><br />The range of emotions in these songs are very dramatic and can be quite dark as told in the title BATTLE STUDIES.  That is a very negative title for a cd about relationships.  Then we get the lovely, melancholic and revealing ALL WE EVER DO IS SAY GOODBYE, HALF OF MY HEART and DO YOU KNOW ME.  We get John the sad loner on PERFECTLY LONELY and CROSSROADS.  Only with HEARTBREAK WARFARE and WAR OF MY LIFE which are so over the top with negativity do you stop and wonder who hurt this guy so bad.<br /><br />I think what he attempted as an exploration of relationships turned into a heated venting therapy session which led to tracks of varying quality and a lack of true cohesiveness.  Listen to WHO SAYS and FRIENDS, LOVERS OR NOTHING and you will see the John Mayer you know and love is still there.  I say give the guy a break.  So people are disappointed with this project.  At least he attempted a new project from the heart and soul which is what any true artist does with every release.  And will each attempt be a full success?  Of course not.  I really enjoy this cd for what it is and appreciate John Mayer being so honest in his music.I say give the guy a break.  So people are disappointed with this project.  At least he attempted a new project from the heart and soul which is what any true artist does with every release.  And will each attempt be a full success?  Of course not.  I really enjoy this cd for what it is and appreciate John Mayer being so honest in his music.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|I think this movie is one of the best animation movie for 2009.  However, I think this movie is more appropriate for those mature viewers.
B001TODCII|4.0|Remember last year when you seen NOTHING but previews for this film?  I remember this VERY well.  The hype this movie received was almost too much to take!   It got to the point where the hype alone was turning me off.    Well it's been a year later, and I watched Taken tonight for the very first time trying to forget about those annoyingly repetitive commercials.    I started out VERY disappointed.  I have to be honest about that.  The very beginning of the movie shows the single father having memories of his daughter's birthday party from when she was just a little girl.  We've seen the same thing a MILLION times in other movies.  I was preparing myself for a very overrated and predictable film.  Some of the scenes even had a low budget feel to them.    The next 20 minutes didn't win me over either.  The father goes to his daughter's birthday party (he wasn't dreaming about it this time) to bring her a gift.      Then the fathers ex-wife enters the picture.  The two of them start talking and obviously they don't get along (filled with sarcastic little shots in between of course!)    Of course, her new husband enters the picture as well, pretends to be friends with the daughter's father, but you know very well they could never be friends because they talk in a way where it's plainly obvious they don't care about each other in the slightest, and then the father leaves the birthday party and returns home.    That's the first 20 minutes of film- horribly predictable story-telling we must have seen a million times.  So it's VERY important to keep watching past those 20 minutes.    When the actual story kicks in concerning the daughter having to get her fathers approval to take a vacation to France (by way of a signature signing taking place in a restaurant) *this* is when the plot development really gets interesting.    The father is reluctant to send his daughter to a foreign country for safety reasons, but eventually he gives in.  Otherwise he'd been considered a horrible father.    When the daughter arrives to France with her one friend, you see them having fun and dancing around in a hotel room.  The daughter walks into another room, and through a window she sees her friend being attacked and kidnapped by three or four strange men that walked into the room.  She panics, so she hides under a bed.    This is where you have to take into consideration the storyline is fictional, because the daughter calls up the father while hiding under a bed, and tells him what's going on with her friend.    The father then calmly and precisely gives his daughter instructions on how to handle the situation.    I was like \\"Are you SERIOUS!\\"  Most fathers would become emotional, confused and worried if such a situation were to present itself.  Apparently this father thought he was some kind of superman who not only knew how to tell a darn good well-prepared speech, but also had an ability to remain completely calm over the phone WHILE the daughter was being taken away by the bad guys!    How is this possible?  Only in Hollywood.  Besides those little problems, the rest of the storyline is rather amazingly action-packed and features lots of shootings, violence, and killings, which is the norm for these kind of films.  I really enjoyed the movie after getting past all those predictable and impossible to believe moments.    So the film is great in the end.
B000A2WT7K|5.0|Probably Wong Kar Wai's best film, slightly ahead of \\"Chunking Express\\".     Zhang Ziyi's performance as Bai Ling is beyond her years.  Phenomenal.  One of her very best.    Faye Wong is also excellent.    And no one comes near Tony Leung Chiu Wai's consistency: incomparable.    This DVD release has excellent print.  As it should: there are three from this publisher, two single-disk with different covers, and a 2-disc special edition.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|Well, after all the hype, I can say with complete honesty- this movie moved me in the way I was hoping it would.    For the last several months I've been trying to find a way to watch Gran Torino.  All year long it was like the number one movie on my mind that I felt I simply HAD to watch.    All the awards the film won, all the frequent mentions of Clint Eastwood blowing us away with his performance, and...    the film was actually as good as most people said it would be.  This doesn't happen very often!    I was seriously moved by the engaging storyline from beginning to end.      Clint Eastwood playing the role of a stubborn old man that none of his family seems to care about and becoming bitter and angry at the world as a result was delivered *flawlessly*    I'm a bit surprised the storyline focused so much on Clint's character building a relationship between his neighbors and himself, and less on the part about trying to protect his home from the never-ending gang fights taking place outside.    The actual gang fights were about 50% of the film, while the other half dealt with Clint and the young boy from next store getting to know each other better and building a friendship through patience, hard work and a willingness for Clint to finally open up and accept his neighbors.    This is truly a great movie with an ending that might move you in a way you've never felt before.  It's a bit of a shocking ending to me, but I guess the more I think about it while typing up this review, it's the kind of ending to be expected.      I can't think of another way to make the outcome more realistic, while also keeping in mind that the intention of the writers while putting together this film was to make an impact on the viewers, let's put it that way.    There's a couple hidden messages behind the storyline as well- always accept others, don't be so quick to judge, and never follow through with your initial reactions.   There's also a message that you can in fact change people who are always in trouble with the law.    Overall, yeah, this movie is simply terrific the entire way through.   A brilliant job by everyone involved.
B002VWOMN6|4.0|While I'm happy this work is now on Blu-ray, I do wish the sound could have been reworked to be a better friend to surround sound. I don't understand the technology of mixing sound, but it was the way Mozart washed over me in the theater that gave gave me the feeling of being in the period theater during the performance scenes.    That being said, I found the Director's cut to be interesting.  I did enjoy the extended opera scenes, but didn't care too much for the addition to the scene with Salieri and Constanze - however, it was very interesting to see the scene in an informational kind of way.    If you are a lover of the original movie, this is still a wonderful piece for your collection.
0446567337|5.0|Dear John was amazing! I cried and laughed throughout the ENTIRE book! Best book ever! No book has hit me this hard. I've read A Walk to Remember and The Notebook. Even though The Notebook is my favorite movie, Dear John was my favorite book. I cannot wait until the movie comes out!!! I recommend this book! :)
0385532458|2.0|The short stories in this book were a little disappointing. I expected more from John Grisham.At the end of the stories I am thinking,\\"So what next?\\".I expected endings that surprised and wowed me but it didn't happen. It was an ok read is all I can say.
B002T45VX6|4.0|It was SO much better than i believed. Songs have matured, and some are true Columbian.   \\"Gypsy\\", though odd and peculiar, is a fun track that mellows the soul with beautiful lyrics in the first verse.  And flip to the next songs and get the in your face jam \\"Mon Amour\\", hoping curse comes and the worsts come over her love. And the regret song \\"Did it Again\\" has a witty chorus that serves both techno and dance.   Great album, Shakira, you truly delivered.
B0007O38XU|5.0|The FUNNIEST movie ever made! In my opinion. But I gotta say, you'll \\"get it\\" only if your brand of humor tends toward the ludicrous and you are at least somewhat familiar with Star Wars. If you are also familiar with Star Trek and the original \\"Planet of the Apes\\", you'll \\"get it\\" 100%. And that's why I was reduced to helpless mirth while watching this gem of lunacy. Some unforgettable highlights (if you can call them that): 1)The Druish Princess and her out-size hair-dryer. 2)The unlisted wall. 3) The Winnebago Space Ship. From the opening credits to the closing scene, it's slap-stick funny all the way. I LOVED IT. Thank you, Mel Brooks.
0030839939|5.0|This is still one of the best books on Solid-State Physics. Very well written, easy to follow and with a wide range of topics. I would suggest it to any student interested in learning the basics.
1400079179|4.0|I don't really know why I was so reluctant to read this book. I've seen the movie, but I liked the movie. It was apparent within the first few chapters though, that the novel was going to be SO much better than the movie version. As is the case with most book to movie conversions. I wasn't prepared to like this book as much as I did!  This seems to be one of those books you either love or hate.  I usually try not to read reviews of books while I am writing them, however, this was one I wanted to get a good feel for what others thought before I reviewed it.  I wanted to make sure I covered points other reviewers brought up.  While some reviewers have very good points on both the love and hate sides, many of the negative reviews are from people who haven't even read the book, who just object to the slant taken on the religious aspects of the book.  That frustrates me. If you have read the book and didn't like it, then that's fine.  Don't rate the book based upon your view of the topic or amazon's customer service!!!<br /><br />This book was full of action and adventure, secret societies, murder, mystery, and codes and clues.  It was one of those books that kept me on my toes thinking about what people said and did.  The whole thing, in my opinion was very well thought out and meshed well together.  Some of the plot twists and turns, I never saw coming.  Even though I've seen the movie!!<br /><br />The takes on religions and secret societies didn't bug me.  I was raised Catholic, but I would consider myself an average Christian now.  Keeping in mind that this is work of fiction is imperative.  It isn't real people!  And for you conspiracy theorists, if you want to belive it is...more power to you.  If it makes you happy, just do that.  I can see why it would offend some people, but that is the same reason it is a bestseller.  Interesting and controversial subjects sell books!<br /><br />One point that a few reviewers brought up was Brown's writing style.  They criticized the way he tells you instead of showing you.  For example, we know the main character, Robert Langdon, is a brilliant Harvard symbologist.  Why?  Because Dan Brown says he is brilliant instead of showing with descriptions.  I can see how this could bother some people.  In my opinion, it was a minimal problem and one that was easily overshadowed by the greater scheme of the novel.  Was it the most brilliant novel I have ever read?  No, not by a longshot.  Did I still enjoy it?  Yes.<br /><br />Overall, really enjoyed this book.  I hardly ever read mystery/thriller books and this was a nice intro.  I'm glad I borrowed this from a friend!instead of showing you.  For example, we know the main character, Robert Langdon, is a brilliant Harvard symbologist.  Why?  Because Dan Brown says he is brilliant instead of showing with descriptions.  I can see how this could bother some people.  In my opinion, it was a minimal problem and one that was easily overshadowed by the greater scheme of the novel.  Was it the most brilliant novel I have ever read?  No, not by a longshot.  Did I still enjoy it?  Yes.    Overall, really enjoyed this book.  I hardly ever read mystery/thriller books and this was a nice intro.  I'm glad I borrowed this from a friend!
B000P12LWY|5.0|This is a captivating show that transports you to the time of King Henry VIII.  At times very graphic and disturbing, it's not for the squeamish.  The cinematography is beautiful and the acting is excellent.      Amazon had the best price on this product and delivered it quickly.
B0001932ZA|4.0|For now I'll just briefly mention that Richard Bachman's novella was tons better than this flick (Bachman being, of course, a pseudonym for Stephen King). Having said that, the loosely-based film adaptation of THE RUNNING MAN is still a fast and furious futuristic thriller and, I think, worth checking out. Its premise turns out to be a timely one as well, what with the plague of reality shows currently on television. Arnold Schwarzenegger does what he does best, which is play the invincible, stone-faced warrior with a knack for black humored one-liners.<br /><br />THE RUNNING MAN takes a page from THE MOST DANGEROUS GAME and plonks its story sometime in a near and dystopian future. In this world, freedom is an illusion spoon-fed to the public by a corrupt, totalitarian regime. The masses are made docile not only by egregious government propaganda and fabricated news but also by the proliferation of reality game shows on television. And no programming is more violent or higher rated than the Running Man (although \\"Climbing for Dollars\\" is probably close). In this show, convicted criminals and enemies of the state are given a head start before being pursued and executed by the game's most sadistic (and popular) \\"stalkers.\\" Very few felons have survived the Running Man game, and those who have are often referred to as now basking somewhere under the Maui sun, free and with their transgressions forgiven. Do you buy that?<br /><br />Something you don't see too often is Arnie sporting a beard. He flaunts one here, playing Benjamin A. Richards, a notorious former cop known as the Butcher of Bakersfield for cold-bloodedly slaughtering sixty unarmed civilians. On the lam, Richards is captured and forced to compete in the Running Man, and the audience gleefully oohs and aahs and boos and hisses as his murderous \\"credentials\\" are touted by the game show's host Damon Killian. It's a bit obvious, this bit of social commentary which condemns our addiction for media entertainment, but the impact is undeniable. At first the studio crowd cheers on as various members from the audience are brought up to chat with Killian and win a prize or two and, oh by the way, also determine which stalker would be sent out to chase Richards.<br /><br />The tide turns when Richards persists in surviving, keeps on killing the killers and doing it with a heavily-accented post-kill quip or two. However, for my money, the film's best, funniest, and most quotable line goes to one determined granny who, when Killian asks her to guess which stalker would make the next kill, instead picks Richards. \\"That boy's one mean mutherf*@#$%,\\" she says. Heh.<br /><br />The film unveils a who's who of vaguely familiar faces. THE RUNNING MAN came out in 1987, when Richard Dawson was still relevant. The kissy kissy host of Family Feud, Dawson is at his creepiest and smarmiest as Damon Killian, weasely host of the Running Man. And, really, every time I see this flick I still get that bump of contentment when he finally gets what's coming to him. Maria Conchita Alonzo turns up as fiery Amber Mendez, a composer of network jingles. She's cute and looks good in her yellow game show tights, but her griping carrying on eventually does get vexing. Several of the stalkers are recognizable. Legendary running back Jim Brown (Fireball) and ex-wrestler Professor Toru Tanaka (Prof. Subzero) play two of the stalkers and eventual victims of Richards and his zingers. Jesse \\"the Body\\" Ventura is the retired Captain Freedom, who was once the greatest stalker to play the game, and just check out the wig he's styling in. A bit disappointing is that these stalkers come off like assorted odds and ends pulled from the MAD MAX set and that each bruiser comes with a pretty hokey motif (Buzzsaw wields a chain saw, Subzero shoots out deadly hockey pucks, etc.).<br /><br />Heck, Mick Fleetwood even shows up, playing the head of the underground resistance.<br /><br />Not too surprisingly, the future tech looksa bit behind the times and not as sleek as what we see onscreen nowadays. The special effects have lost lots of luster. And Schwarzenegger gets saddled with the most ridiculous, most unhip sets of wardrobe, but at least he rolls with it. During the wearing of a particularly loud Hawaiian outfit, when Richards' reluctant companion, Amber Mendez, threatens to vomit on him, Richards responds with: \\"Go ahead. Won't show on this shirt.\\"<br /><br />Arnold Schwarzenegger is really into his element here, but guy knows his limits and has always been savvy about his film career. He seems at home in most of his movies. There's rarely any depth to his characters, and that applies in THE RUNNING MAN. But the elements of fun, humor, and whomping action which we've come to expect from Arnie, they're all here, even if this movie now feels dated. The plot uncoils at a whiplike pace; the fighty fights are classic Arnie, mostly brute strength and an occasional hail of bullets or two. About to be chuted down to the game arena, Schwarzenegger glares at Dawson and works in his trademark \\"I'll be back.\\" To which Dawson replies: \\"Only in reruns.\\" But in the world of reruns THE RUNNING MAN is a cult classic and an ahead-of-its-time satire. Maybe it's not as important a movie as [[ASIN:B000CNESU8 Network (Two-Disc Special Edition)]] or even [[ASIN:B0009UC7QQ The Truman Show (Special Collector's Edition)]], but, you know what, those pictures didn't have a foul-mouthed grandma to make my day. THE RUNNING MAN, worth 3.5 out of 5 stars, in my book.a bit behind the times and not as sleek as what we see onscreen nowadays. The special effects have lost lots of luster. And Schwarzenegger gets saddled with the most ridiculous, most unhip sets of wardrobe, but at least he rolls with it. During the wearing of a particularly loud Hawaiian outfit, when Richards' reluctant companion, Amber Mendez, threatens to vomit on him, Richards responds with: \\"Go ahead. Won't show on this shirt.\\"<br /><br />Arnold Schwarzenegger is really into his element here, but guy knows his limits and has always been savvy about his film career. He seems at home in most of his movies. There's rarely any depth to his characters, and that applies in THE RUNNING MAN. But the elements of fun, humor, and whomping action which we've come to expect from Arnie, they're all here, even if this movie now feels dated. The plot uncoils at a whiplike pace; the fighty fights are classic Arnie, mostly brute strength and an occasional hail of bullets or two. About to be chuted down to the game arena, Schwarzenegger glares at Dawson and works in his trademark \\"I'll be back.\\" To which Dawson replies: \\"Only in reruns.\\" But in the world of reruns THE RUNNING MAN is a cult classic and an ahead-of-its-time satire. Maybe it's not as important a movie as [[ASIN:B000CNESU8 Network (Two-Disc Special Edition)]] or even [[ASIN:B0009UC7QQ The Truman Show (Special Collector's Edition)]], but, you know what, those pictures didn't have a foul-mouthed grandma to make my day. THE RUNNING MAN, worth 3.5 out of 5 stars, in my book.
0375703764|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read in my life. I give it two thumbs up, and strongly recommend it to anyone looking for an avant-garde piece of literature.  I'm still amazed by the fact that this is Danielewski's first novel.
B000QCTNIW|5.0|As the title implies, \\"The Brain That Changes Itself\\" is an extensive and thoroughly enjoyable look at the history of neural plasticity, albeit from the point of view of a staunch supporter.  I found the book to be very well organized, and Doidge's arguments to be very cohesive.  The book chapters are filled mostly with stories and case studies regarding a common theme in the study of neural plasticity.<br /><br />  Doidge begins by relating the story of Paul Bach-y-Rita's research and efforts to debunk the widely held localizationist theories of the 20th century.  He presents some more dramatic case studies such as Cheryl who used her tongue to learn to stand after a debilitating brain injury or Barbara, a seemingly retarded woman, who ended up with advanced degrees and a successful research career (these stories are every bit as interesting as they sound). Doidge relates again and again how massive and usually debilitating brain injuries were overcome by physical and mental therapies.<br /><br />  Following his analysis of catastrophic brain injuries and defects, Doidge gives examples of more everyday plasticity. He relates how common disorders such as autism, ADHD, and dyslexia can be attributed to (often minor) traumas and incidents during the critical childhood period. He talks about several schools which have had great success rehabilitating victims of those and other disorders through concentrated and prolonged efforts to retrain the brain. He also gives examples of how plasticity can affect even our emotions or sexual tastes.<br /><br />  In the final chapters, Doidge relates what he calls the \\"paradox of plasticity.\\" He explains that, while plasticity can be used to treat crippling injuries, it can also be responsible for equally crippling mental disorders such as obsessive compulsive disorder. He explains how rewired neural circuitry can create phantom pain in amputated limbs, reinforce bad habits into addictions, and give rise to compulsive behavior. He further delves into the field of psychoanalysis and reveals the power of thought. He describes many cases where psychoanalysis and new ways of thinking provoke measurable changes in the structure of the brain. He relates one study where a group of people were able to strengthen their finger muscles just by imagining daily finger exercises.  As Doidge puts it: \\"...But now we can see that our \\"immaterial\\" thoughts too have a physical signature, and we cannot be so sure that thought won't someday be explained in physical terms. While we have yet to understand exactly how thoughts actually change brain structure, it is now clear that they do, and the firm line Descartes drew between mind and brain is increasingly a dotted line.\\"<br /><br />  Finally, for those that make it past the last chapter, the appendices and notes section actually contains a wealth of interesting information. Doidge annotated and explained all of the case studies and references that he uses in the preceding chapters, and included some interesting additional arguments about the nature of culture and its effects on the brain.<br /><br />  As with any book that isn't a textbook, \\"The Brain That Changes Itself\\" is filled with opinions. Fortunately, many of these opinions are well supported, but readers new to the field could benefit from some time spent in the notes section. Overall the writing style is casual, easy to follow, and very engaging. I particularly enjoyed Doidge's heavy use of case studies to prove his points. Most of the case studies were tremendously interesting, and I regard them as one of the book's best features. I would say that this book is a good read for any audience, but less interesting for those that already have an extensive background in neuroscience.  As a final note, I would highly recommend the Kindle version of this book. Unlike some electronic books I have read, the formatting was great, there were no typos, and the book was organized in such a way that I didn't waste time constantly scrolling or flipping pages back and forth.crolling or flipping pages back and forth.
B001AQTWF2|5.0|I bought this CD when it first came out back in September of this year and gave it a listen.  After 3 months since its initial release, I am still in love with this album.  Whitney Houston's latest venture brings back the musical styles that put her on the map over 2 decades ago with something for everyone on this album---Pop, R&B, ballads and some dance tunes, all in the Adult Contemporary style that Whitney has always done best.    Yes, her vocals may have been compromised as time has gone on, but she can still sing circles around today's crop of current female singers.  And the production is smooth and sharp on nearly every song.    And if you are an \\"Old School\\" music fanatic like myself, you will simply adore the first track, \\"Million Dollar Bill\\", which very nicely samples a classic Loleatta Holloway/Salsoul Orchestra tune from the disco era.    Whitney has indeed matured musically with this album and many of the tracks should have no problem finding a home at Urban Adult Contemporary and Adult Contemporary radio formats.    Bravo! Bravo Whitney!!  Our Diva has come home!!!!!
0385532458|3.0|Not Grisham's best, but I love short stories and these are fun to read and put down to read another day.
0143144448|5.0|I got this as audiobook on advice from a friend. It is engaging and thought provoking.  You should know that this is the first of at least 2 books, with the second promised next year 2010. the plot is about distributed cybernetic artificial intelligent created by a dying computer genius. A taking over the world sort of thing but very complex well done down to many of the geeky details with good character development and many twists and turns. In general a very good read, maybe it is not neuromancer but it is also closer to the real world, more science fiction than fantasy.
B002UZ3M8U|5.0|Best album I have purchased in 2009. I started to choose new artists by album cover, taking chances on groups to experience groups I never would have. I am extremely happy I purchased this album. It is fun, energetic and heart-felt (The Gambler). Stand out songs for me are The Gambler, Walk the Dog and Barlights.    Fantastic group, I highly recommend. Do yourself a favor and purchase this album.
B002ECJZ76|4.0|Christmas Story by Katherine Borowitz; was a very good family film. I enjoyed it very much. I hope others can too.
B002VECM40|4.0|To my surprise, this soul-baring 2009 drama is neither as painful nor depressing as the subject matter would imply. In fact, director Lee Daniels' treatment alternates so fluently between gritty realism, social uplift, and fanciful episodes of fantasy that the end result is as much enthralling as it is emotionally draining. First-time screenwriter Geoffrey Fletcher does a solid job adapting the 1996 source novel by Sapphire, [[ASIN:0307474844 Push]], but the strength and honesty of the cast is what sears in the memory. Daniels could have been otherwise charged with stunt casting had he not drawn out such powerhouse work from the out-of-left-field likes of comedienne Mo'Nique and pop diva Mariah Carey. Granted Daniels in his second directorial effort is not the most subtle of filmmakers (his first film was the strangely exotic [[ASIN:B000HRMAUY Shadowboxer]]), but he does bring a level of florid passion that the subject desperately needs to alleviate the unrelenting bleakness of the title character's existence.<br /><br />Set in Harlem in 1987, the story centers on sixteen-year-old Claireece \\"Precious\\" Jones, a morbidly obese girl so void of self-worth that she refers to herself without irony as \\"ugly black grease to be washed from the street\\". Nearly illiterate, she finds herself pregnant for the second time by her father, and the school principal arranges to enroll Precious at an \\"alternative\\" institution. She recognizes this as an opportunity to better herself, but her mother Mary discourages it and forces Precious to apply for welfare. The unenviable mother-daughter relationship is the crux of the film, and it is here the film gives an unblinking  account of monstrous physical and psychological abuse that explains the sharp contrast between Precious' inner and outer lives. On the outside, she is a forlorn yet formidable presence with a face so full that she can't express emotion without a great deal of effort. On the inside, she is loved and admired unconditionally. The two slowly come together at Precious' new school where she finds acceptance and redemption through a dedicated teacher (improbably named Blu Rain), who must get through to a classroom full of girls all disadvantaged in their own ways.<br /><br />The birth of Precious' son, along with the bonding she feels at school, signals a harrowing showdown between mother and daughter and ultimately a confrontation between Mary and Mrs. Weiss, the no-nonsense social worker who seeks the truth behind Precious' home life. In the title role, Gabourey Sidibe is ideally cast given the film's semi-documentary approach. An untrained actress, she is able to elicit empathy by giving herself completely to the inchoate character, and when Precious breaks down from the weight of yet another seemingly insurmountable development, Sidibe gives the scene a halting honesty. Paula Patton ([[ASIN:B001ILFUBE Swing Vote]]) gets to play the Sidney Poitier role of the elegantly transformative teacher as Ms. Rain, but she gives the too-good-to-be-true character a palpable sense of passion. As Mrs. Weiss, a role originally slated for Helen Mirren (who co-starred in Daniels' \\"Shadowboxer\\"), Mariah Carey, bereft of her glistening make-up and diva mannerisms, brings an audacious toughness to her smallish but pivotal role.<br /><br />However, it is Mo'Nique ([[ASIN:B000FUH35U Phat Girlz]]) who gives the film's most shattering performance. I don't know what emotional reservoir she is tapping into, but she nails Mary with a fury so startling and realistic that it's impossible to trivialize the source of her villainy. She never compromises the hardness in her character, and her self-justifying monologue is an impressive piece of work. There is also solid work from a couple of other unusually cast performers, comedienne Sherri Shepherd (of the morning TV talkfest \\"The View\\") as a tough school administrator aptly named Cornrows and Lenny Kravitz as a sympathetic male nurse, and a scene-stealing turn fromXosha Roquemore as the ebullient Joann (\\"My favorite color is florescent beige\\"). Not all of Daniels' left-turn devices work, for instance, using Sophia Loren's [[ASIN:B0002PYSYM Two Women]] as the basis of one of Precious' fantasies seems contrived given only a die-hard cineaste would understand the connection. Regardless, it's no wonder that Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry put their stamp of approval on the film as executive producers since Precious ultimately finds a personal triumph despite the hand life has dealt her.ebullient Joann (\\"My favorite color is florescent beige\\"). Not all of Daniels' left-turn devices work, for instance, using Sophia Loren's [[ASIN:B0002PYSYM Two Women]] as the basis of one of Precious' fantasies seems contrived given only a die-hard cineaste would understand the connection. Regardless, it's no wonder that Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry put their stamp of approval on the film as executive producers since Precious ultimately finds a personal triumph despite the hand life has dealt her.
B000ZECQ08|3.0|There was alot to shove into this HBP movie, as with all of the movies, to do some sort of justice to the books. Saw the movie and  I have pre-ordered it to add to my collection, but there isn't as much anticipation with this one. There was plenty to like about this movie,I guess there were pivotal moments in the HBP book that I assumed would have made it into the movie, but didn't. Also there were add ons that didn't quite fit.    Like the prior post, Dumbledore with the Dursleys was absent,and instead it shows Harry in the beginning planning a hook up with a muggle waitress? It would have been enjoyable to see Dumbledore and Vernon Dursley sqare off in Muggleland on the big screen. Then there is Hermoine having a yelling spat with Lavender Brown over an inert Ron Weasley in the sick ward. Again in contrast with the book.  I did not get any romantic connection between Harry and Ginny at all, probably due to the waitress at the beginning of the book, it seems to have dampered that possibility, and made it seem like they were just getting jumbled in together instead of showing a more believable connection. The burning of the Burrow made no sense, and they could have used that waste of time to dedicate to Dumbledore at the end of the movie and try to show a better effort of keeping to the book on that level. It would be in Warner Bros best interest to not switch around the release dates for the last 2 movies like they did to the HBP, due to the fact that the hpye was not justified, and this movie had too many add ons that clashed too much with the book.
B001FB55I0|5.0|&lt;&lt;&lt; A few continuity errors (spoilers?) follow the Octothorpes >>><br /><br />Earlier this year I enjoyed \\"Terminator Salvation\\" on a big-screen digital theater with a group of sci-fi friends and we all loved it. Then, being a huge fan of the Terminator franchise, I jumped at the chance to buy the 2-disc Blu-ray release. I just finished watching the \\"Director's Cut\\" and must admit to you all that \\"I Forgot How Good This Movie Is\\". It is a good sci-fi story, as well as a good sci-fi movie.<br /><br />But let's be realistic, it was the only sci-fi movie of 2009. \\"Transformers 2\\" was a fantasy and \\"Star Trek (reboot)\\" was a futuristic soap opera with one of the poorest sci-fi plots I've ever seen in a movie theater.<br /><br /> #########################################################<br /><br />&lt;&lt;&lt; Tiny Continuity Errors >>><br /><br />1) in both releases, there is a noticeable annoying gap between the time that John Connor \\"exits the rescue plane\\" then \\"enters the submarine\\". This could have been easily fixed.<br /><br />2) in the Director's Cut, the rain mysteriously stops between the time that John Connor leaves Blair Williams then returns to save her from attack by three men. This could have been easily fixed.<br /><br />3) one possible plot weakness: all throughout the movie, people (including John Connor) are using two-way radios. You would think that Skynet would have been able to home-in upon these signal sources, and maybe Skynet did. Now if you think of Skynet as a chess-playing gaming system (TSCC fans know what I am talking about here), then even the voice of John Connor on the radio may not have been as valuable to Skynet as the destruction of the submarine which represented the top of the Resistance's command-control system. (think of a gambit in chess when one piece is bypassed in favor of a possible superior future outcome)<br /><br />4) This is not a complaint, just a statement: Many people think the naked Terminator seen in the last part of the movie was played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. The actor was really Roland Kickinger with Arnold's face tweaked onto Roland's body via CGI.<br /><br /> #########################################################<br /><br />Two Blu-ray discs along with a digital-rights DVD (to download a Digital Copy to your PC) for less than $20. I hope bargain prices like this remain after the economy recovers.and Kickinger with Arnold's face tweaked onto Roland's body via CGI.     #########################################################    Two Blu-ray discs along with a digital-rights DVD (to download a Digital Copy to your PC) for less than $20. I hope bargain prices like this remain after the economy recovers.
B000JBWWQ0|4.0|This was verygood movie, it made me think about whats beyond what we can see.
B001KVZ6G6|4.0|Great package at $20 with four ways to watch the the movie. I thought the extra featues were a little thin overall for this title, but the expedition to South America by the production crew was pretty neat.
055350259X|4.0|In this installment of travel writing, Bryson shares with the reader his love of and fascination with the island/country/continent of Australia.  Anecdotes ranging from his intense fascination with all creatures and flora capable of killing him in this empty space, to the often friendly but occasionally confusing encounters with the residents of the outback's small towns provide amusing insight into his adventures and the clues to understanding why he loves the country so much.<br /><br />This is my third Bryson book, and my second audiobook, and I think I prefer the audiobook format.  There is something about his delivery...so dry and matter-of-fact...that just helps to enhance the hilarity of his storytelling.  His voice really enabled me to imagine the odd situations he found himself in, and I felt that I was sitting at a dinner table swapping tall tales rather than just listening to someone read words on paper.<br /><br />I've long wanted to visit Australia myself, and though I don't have the same fascination with the crocodiles or box jellyfish that he seems to, listening to the stories had me rushing to Google image animals and trees mentioned so that I could picture it better and dream of when I might see them for myself.
B002RSDW8A|5.0|A wonderful film and another obviously stellar performance by Meryl Streep. Once again I will skip the plot dissection as I figure most are reading this to know about the Blu - short summary before the text: totally worth it.<br /><br />The Blu quality is beautiful, as is the DTS clarity. The interior colors looked finite, even during the somewhat muted/lack of palette scenes with Streep. The languages are English and French only, and I have heard better audio description tracks, but it sufficed. Even if you were to rate the film lower, the supplements are outstanding.<br /><br />* 27:45 minute making-of. A fluffy how-great-everyone-is feature, but still worth the time because it shows some funny moments behind the camera.<br />* 47:39 minute family & friends remembering everything Julia. A great piece, almost worth watching by itself if you skip everything else; true fans of hers will want this for the home collection.<br />* 22:26 Julia's Kitchen. The process behind getting her kitchen into the Smithsonian. If the dry behind-the-scenes of museum stuff does not appeal to you then skip this one - but I loved it, especially when the interviewees describe Julia's reaction to seeing the final product before her at the Smithsonian.<br />* Cooking of Julia, 5 clips totaling 22 minutes. Each topic shows a brief clip from the film of what dish was being made followed by a clip of either Julia or a famous chef who worked with her detailing how the viewer can make it. They show the poached eggs, hollendaise sauce (both with Julia and Pepin from his show - she was classic even in those brief clips), scramble eggs, the braised beef ribs dish and lobster. When I played these clips in the store, customers loved watching how easy it was to make the great dishes from the film (because apparently almost everyone has seen this film - and liked it).<br />* Commentary with Ephron. She is a very articulate and professional woman and I know fans of hers will enjoy what she has to say - even if it gets heavy on how phenomenal Streep is, which how can you argue otherwise?<br />* movieIQ. You get the usual spattering of material familiar to this program plus actual recipes can be accessed.<br /><br />A beautiful film and product that contains plenty of worthy material. Region A/B/C coded single BD disc.nomenal Streep is, which how can you argue otherwise?  * movieIQ. You get the usual spattering of material familiar to this program plus actual recipes can be accessed.     A beautiful film and product that contains plenty of worthy material. Region A/B/C coded single BD disc.
0385340575|5.0|Have all Lee Child's novels and love and share them.  My friend and I see Viggo Mortenson in the lead role.
0061537969|3.0|Although I am a dog lover, having had many during my lifetime, this book was a bit too saccharine for my taste.  The relationship between Enzo and his owner,Denny,was well developed with pathos and humor.  The ending, however, seemed too cooincidental as well as sentimental.
B0000DJE9R|4.0|Haven't opened yet, but great transaction.  I am sure my boys will enjoy this for Christmas
B002W6Z0UK|5.0|I like many others, am disappointed that this CD is edited however I couldn't give it any less than 5 stars.  It is PHENOMENAL from start to finish!!  Lady GaGa is a genius and this CD kicks Ass from beginning to end!!
B00000DHR0|5.0|This is a beautiful Christmas album.  I have so many special holiday albums in my collection that remind me of growing up and my youth, but this is my favorite Christmas album that has been released since I was an adult.  It is simply beautiful.  Song choices, sound engineering, etc.  Dion is not one of my favorites non-Christmas, but this CD is a real gem.  Already as an adult I have many memories associated with it.  A must have.  Enjoy!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|We have shown this excellent film for an adult discussion group at our church.  Folks really got into it and we plan to show it again for more people to see it.   Our local library has also shown it.  My son liked it so much he asked if he could take it back to college to show friends.  We let him and offered to donate it to his college (Juniata) library; the librarian was happy to have it.  We are buying another copy for others to watch.  Everyone needs to see this film and act on the concerns it lifts up.   Bruce Gillette, Co-Pastor, Limestone Presbyterian Church, Wilmington, DE
B001684L0A|4.0|I love this series, but this blu-ray was a bit disappointing. There is a bit more noise and the black isn't as deep as I'd expect. Also, the voices sound muffled at times - particular Paul Giamatti as John Adams. But this is still an amazing series about an important time in our history. As historical fiction, it's second to none. Excellent acting and plot development that stays remarkably close to David McCullough's biography [[ASIN:0743572424 John Adams]]. Definitely worth the purchase, especially at Amazon.com's price.
0671449028|5.0|When I was a toddler I requested my parents read me this book so often that they actually had to hide the book!  Now as the mother of a young baby myself I can assert that this is one of my son's favorites as well.  We read it to him every night as part of his bedtime routine and he's completely engrossed.  Not to mention the last two pages especially engender a certain rhythmic drowsiness all on their own!  By the time we've finished reading this book to him, all we have to do is say goodnight and leave the room and he doesn't even fuss--just goes straight to sleep.    As both the readee and reader, I adore this book!  It also comes in a Spanish version--I have both and alternate because I'm trying to teach my son Spanish.
B00003CXCD|4.0|Received within a week of placing the order. Classic story.  Sound quality not the best, but for an old movie, still enjoyable. We'd just spent a week in Rome and it was fun to watch this movie and to re-visit the sites we'd seen in person.
B0000CDJPQ|3.0|Like many other reviewers, I purchased this Sonnet adapter to connect an FW 400 external hard drive to my MacBook Pro. It does the job, but the male side of adapter doesn't fit firmly into the laptop's FW 800 port. So I have to be careful not to move the cable too much or the connection is lost. The other side (cable into adapter) appears to be a nice snug fit.
B00069FLC2|5.0|To see The Shadows perform again together, and relive their younger days is quite wonderful. Their skills in their guitars and drums have not faded beyond the years. I am looking forward to buying a DVD of their show reunited with Sir Cliff.
0385504225|5.0|If you've read angels and demons and the da vinci code, then this is a must read. I give it 5 stars. He mixes fact and fiction into a heady mix that makes you almost believe it happened. Its a pity I bought my copy at Costco for [...] bucks when I could have got it on Amazon for $[...].
B0026P3G12|5.0|I love this CD. I read some of the negative reviews about the selection of songs, but when you read why Susan chose the songs she did, it makes perfect sense. I had also read about \\"How Great Thou Art\\" just repeating the same thing over and over, but the chorus is my favorite part anyway, so it's OK with me. The song that was written for Susan, \\"Who I Was Born To Be,\\" is my favorite. If you're trying to decide whether to buy the CD, and have been reading the negative reviews, I honestly don't agree with any of them. I think this is a fantastic first CD, and I can't wait for the next one!
B002JTHFUS|5.0|I bought this a month ago. This package is really great! It comes with a book with many pictures and commentaries about the album from The Edge, Brian Eno... Then there is a DVD with live footage like the Live 8 show in 1985 and 3 songs from a gig for Conspiracy of Hope in 1985 (Pride, Bad and MLK). Plus, the Pride videoclip in sepia version. Finally, videovclips from The Unforgettable fire, Bad, Pride and a Sort of Homecoming. And that making of the album that comes on the \\"U2 Go Home\\" dvd.<br />The package comes with the album itself and another cd with various B-sides.<br />If you have the Joshua Tree package, you know how good this is going to be.
B001TODCII|3.0|Bryan Mills (Liam Neeson) is a retired and divorced ex-spy, who now lives only for his estranged daughter.  The trouble is, while she seems happy enough to see him when he manages to meet her, usually she won't give him the time of day.  She's got all she wants from her enormously wealthy stepfather, and all she wants from her real father is permission to go to Paris.  He's reluctant because, as an ex-spy, I guess, he knows that Europe can be much more dangerous than most people think, especially for a naive young woman.  It turns out he's right, because the moment his daughter arrives with her friend in Paris, she's targeted and kidnapped by sex traffickers.  She manages to get a phone call off to her dad before she's abducted and immediately he's on the case - figures out who they are and plans do do much more than kick butt on his way to saving her.<br /><br />Directed by Pierre Morel, this film has all the marks of its producer and writer, Luc Besson.  Mills is a classic Bessonian hero - who does what he does without remorse, and ruthlessly, but all in the service of good old-fashioned family values.  Luc Besson's heroes tend to be jaded professionals, highly competent at killing but without direction in their lives until they discover that they are meant to save some innocent, to fix some kind of family crisis.  It's a weird mix of visceral violence and sentimentality.  He takes on anyone who gets in his way, anyone who threatens his daughter, anyone who even refuses to help him on his way, and, according to the bizarre but effective Hollywood action film logic that Bresson distills to its essence, it's all okay, it's all morally acceptable, and it all comes out in the end.  The basic principle is that the ends always justifies the means, especially if family is at stake.  In films like [[ASIN:B000O77SRC Die Hard]], there's something else at stake (lots of innocent lives, money, national security), but family is at the heart of it, and in this film that becomes the whole of it, sex trafficking merely becomes the vehicle, the focus for a father's rage.  Of course if you stop to think about it, you have to realize that this guy is a psychopath, and that there are proper channels for a reason, given the number of innocent lives he puts at risk on his quest to stop the bad guys - even though most of the bad guys he actually dispatches are truly bad.  Still, it's strange how easy it is, watching a film like this, to buy all that, and how hard it is not to.  It's a precise, taut, effective, action thriller, and Liam Neeson brings just the right mix of emotional intensity and ruthlessness for the audience to care about him and his emotional quest in spite of themselves.hole of it, sex trafficking merely becomes the vehicle, the focus for a father's rage.  Of course if you stop to think about it, you have to realize that this guy is a psychopath, and that there are proper channels for a reason, given the number of innocent lives he puts at risk on his quest to stop the bad guys - even though most of the bad guys he actually dispatches are truly bad.  Still, it's strange how easy it is, watching a film like this, to buy all that, and how hard it is not to.  It's a precise, taut, effective, action thriller, and Liam Neeson brings just the right mix of emotional intensity and ruthlessness for the audience to care about him and his emotional quest in spite of themselves.
B002JIOQCO|4.0|\\"Pitch-perfect demonic wail.\\"  There, I've said it.  The standard take on Andrew Stockdale's chief contribution.  \\"Dimension,\\" among others on the first album, was incredible.  Raw, punchy, chunky....the absolute stripped-down yet complete rock-and-roll song.  I'm more of a standard indie-rock kind of guy. So why do I love Wolfmother?  Not quite sure.  Surely part of it is that it's a total piss-take.  I mean, come on.  How can you write a line like \\"Can you see the joker flying over....As she's standing in a field of clover\\"?  This was not lost on the sold-out crowd of mostly bespectled short-hairs at blazing Wash DC 9:30 Club show recently.  (Which opened, rightly, with \\"Dimension.\\")  Andrew's having fun with it, as shown in glimpses of a couple recent interviews.  All in good fun.  And with all the bottom-heavy rawk he's got a cheery grasp of melodic Anglo songwriting.  Cosmic Egg -- again, come on, look at the cover art -- can be seen as a Spinal Tap-y survey of a range of metal/rock styles over the last couple decades.  There's Priest, hair bands, Zep, Yes, Bad Company, what, Marillion?, not sure what else -- because again, not really my bag....Awesome T-Rexy breakdown on White Feather.  (At 9:30, they started grinding out the chords to 20th Century Boy [Placebo?  T-Rex?] but unfortunately didn't finish it up.)  Pilgrim rocks.  You've got your Axl Rose yelling, etc.  Killer Tempo change-ups.  Why do I love this band? I still don't quite know.
0385504225|4.0|Dan Brown must be a bit mystified if he reads through the reviews on Amazon.com. In many ways \\"The Lost Symbol\\" is a superior book to \\"Angels and Demons\\" and \\"The Da Vinci Code\\".  Brown has matured as a writer and has honed his craft. Mainly there is less author intrusion . i.e. poor dialogue or scenes that case the reader to break from the spell that has been cast by the author and think \\"What? That seems silly/corny/gimicky/stupid\\" - in short, it knocks the reader back to the reality that they are reading a book. \\"The Lost Symbol\\" has fewer such \\"Author Intrusions\\" than Brown's previous novels.<br /><br />Why the bad reviews? I guess there are lots of reasons, but top on the list is that his last two books were quite shocking. Without giving too much away \\"The Lost Symbol\\" is just not as shocking. It offers many of the same ingredients but the pie just isn't as filling.<br /><br />The story focuses on Masonic tradition and the geography of Washington D.C. Robert Langdon has been asked to give a keynote speech on the symbolism of DC only to find that he is being pulled into a plot by a madman. Sound familiar? Langdon unlocks clues that have been entrusted to him by his friend in order to save his life.<br /><br />Other Observations<br />- The last 30 pages are pretty anti-climatic<br />- I agree with the person who said that Dan Brown should consider a new editor- this story was bloated by about 50 pages - which served as a distraction.<br />- Nice plot twists - Dan Brown broke from his formula (see my other Dan Brown reviews) and found a new way of introducing plot twists.<br />- As always, Dan Brown introduces to a series of arcane facts about geography, history, word orgins and such - \\"The Lost Symbol\\" is an interesting read strictly based on Brown's explanations.<br />- I really don't see \\"The Lost Symbol\\" being made into a movie - it just doesn't seem to flow well for a movie.<br /><br />Final Verdict- 90% of \\"The Lost Symbol\\" is the best book written by Dan Brown, however I think a majority of Brown fans will disagree.<br /><br />4 Starsl disagree.    4 Stars
B002KGKH0U|3.0|The show is great but this review is for the 'Casting Session' alone. As the title for this review says, it is interesting. A real fan of any show always wants more information about the show. It would have been allot better if  the casting details would have been extended to the rest of the crew (Bobby, Tig, Chibbs, Juice, Opie, Piney & even the prospect Half Sack), main girlfriends(Tara & Luanne), the Charming PD (Chief Unser & Deputy Chief Hale) and ATF (Agent Stahl). This only focuses on the 3 main characters of Jax Teller, Clay Morrow, and Jemma Teller. This 9 minute clip is free so why wouldn't any fan of \\"Sons Of Anarchy\\" download it real quick and learn behind the scenes knowledge of how the 3 main characters were casted?
B000EXZI1Y|5.0|Still Waters is my favorite Bee Gees body of work.  I cannot understand why this was not a mega hit.  Still Water's represents them at their modern and updated best.  I became interested again with the Bee Gees when Robin hit the scandal sheets with his new daughter, Snow.  During this time, I heard Robin's \\"Another Lonely Night in New York\\" and loved it. I then purchased the compilation, \\"Tales of the Brother's Gibb\\" and loved the songs on the fourth cd.  I decided to get more.      I ordered all of them, from ESP, Size Doesn't Matter, well, I think they are all good, but \\"Still Water's\\" is my favorite.      These songs are well thought out, upbeat, and right up there with today's music.  Each and every song is a winner.  I simply cannot choose one over the other.  I love them all.  Still Waters is a testimate of how very talented and gifted the Bee Gees are.  After listening to this cd, I had an even greater appreciation of their many talents as singers, composers, arrangers and producers.  They are an International force and this cd shows why.     Any one of these songs could have been a #1 hit.     1.  Alone - I love the bag pipe sound and the harmonies.  Quite enjoyable  2.  I Surrender - One of my favorites.  I hope someone will have the insight and good fortune to cover this song.  It is very sexy.  The beats are nice and contempory.  I can not get enough of this one.  I play it over and over again.  This, in my opinion is one of their best.    3.  I Could Not Love You More - very Bee Gees like and good.  Good harmony as always and also good lead by Barry.   4.  Still Waters Run Deep - Another good one.  Harmony, message, good rhythm  all good.  Between the old and the new; this has a new feel.  5.  My Lover's Prayer - lyrics lovely, good song overall.  Barry's falsetto  6.  With My Eyes Closed - Goodness personified!  This is another song I am truly hooked on.  I was speechless after I heard this one.  Barry's lead and Robin and Maurice in the background, this is a mysterious song, very soulful.  I really love this song.  I love the lyrics as well.  I can't say enough for this.  I hear it every day.  Another very sexy song!  7.  Irresistable Force - Robin's lovely lead!  Great Song!    8.  Closer than Close - One of the Bee Gees best!~  Antoher sexy make you melt song! These old guys can \\"cook and groove!:)\\".  This one has Maurice on lead!  He is a good choice for this loveable groove!  I agree with what someone else said, this could have been the lead song off of the cd.  We will all miss Maurice.  I still cannot believe that he is no longer with us.    9.  I Will - Very clear harmonies and a lovely groove!  Nice song, I LIKE IT  10.  Obcessions - I don't know why some of the people who reviewed this CD were not impressed by this song.  I love it.  It reminds me of the Stylistsics or some of the soul singer's works of that era.  I love the chorus  I like the sound, this is very innovative and shows their versitility.  10.  Miracles Happen - Another goody!  I love the sound effects in this song.   11.  Smoke and Mirrors - Very spiritual song.  I like it a lot.     In my opinion, all of these songs are wonderful.  I do not know how they could top this.  I may as well get another copy of this cd because I know I will wear it out.      The Bee Gees are far well and above all the rest.  They are the Miracle.  I do not think that the world will ever witness another group like them.  I think, after hearing this, that they have been underrated.  They did not get the props they should have received for this wonderful cd.
B000BCE918|2.0|Jurassic Park ADVENTURE Pack - I do NOT \\"recommend\\" the Jurassic Park III DVD of this pack.    In Jurassic Park III the Sound in a few scenes of the DVD is not as good as the VHS of it.    SOME IDIOT decided to play SOUND god!    When the action is LOUD    THEY    decided to turn it down when the DVD was made, & then turn it UP when it was no longer loud, so the sound goes UP and DOWN!!!  VERY annoying!    This TOTALLY ruined Jurassic Park III DVD that I got for my birthday!  I'll go back to my VHS of it.  IT was FINE!    LEAVE THE SOUND ALONE WHEN YOU MAKE ANYTHING!  WE have fingers that can turn it down on OUR controller if it's too loud!!!!!!!!!!
0786868724|5.0|I love everything that mitch albom does and this book did not let me down.  In fact it hit such a note for me with the homeless.  I have purchased this book for several of my friends as christmas gifts.
B001UUY3A2|5.0|This is anoutstanding film!  Great action and not too corny like some others. One of my favorite martial art films!
B002XZOVOQ|5.0|Bram Stoker's vampire novel has been remade dozens of times, but one of the best adaptations is the classic Bela Lugosi version. Fairly faithful to the novel and dripping with gothic atmosphere, what really makes \\"Dracula\\" stand out is the bone-chillingly charming performance by Lugosi -- he's charming, powerful, and eerie in every scene, and the entire movie is brimming over with classic horror atmosphere.<br /><br />A solicitor, Renfield (Dwight Frye), is travelling to Count Dracula's castle for a real estate deal, despite the locals freaking out and crossing themselves whenever Dracula's mentioned. He soon finds out why -- the Count (Lugosi) is a vampire, who enslaves a mad Renfield to his will. Soon after, a ship with a dead crew (and Renfield and Dracula in the hold) arrives in England.<br /><br />Soon Dracula has moved into his new home, Carfax Abbey, and is insinuating himself with the Seward family -- and especially with pretty Lucy Westenra, who dies of blood loss and is reborn as a vampire. Only the intervention of the mysterious Dr. Van Helsing (Edward Van Sloan) can stop Dracula's attacks in London.<br /><br />Then there's the Spanish-language one, which is virtually identical and was filmed on the exact same sets, during the hours when the English-language one was not being shot. Same settings, same marks, same cinematography, many of the same scenes -- although it's much longer. It's excellent, and although it lacks that iconic intensity that Lugosi brought the English-language film, it's full of atmosphere and good acting.<br /><br />Technically \\"Dracula\\" wasn't the first adaptation of \\"Dracula\\" -- that honor belongs to \\"Nosferatu\\" -- but it was the first to actually tackle the storyline in Stoker's book. And to date, it's perhaps the only to portray everyone's favorite vampire with the necessary atmosphere -- ominous, dignified and creepy.<br /><br />Tod Browning sets it in all the necssary places -- crumbling castles, savage mountainous villages, foggy London streets, and sumptuous Victorian drawing rooms with eerie noises from outside. Granted, a fair amount of stuff is changed -- Jonathan Harker is partially replaced by the mad Renfield -- but none of these really detract from the storyline.<br /><br />And Browning pours the creepiness on thickly, such as Dracula's seduction of young women, which keeps up the whole idea of vampiric sexuality. But Browning also knows how to pour on the subtle horror, without blood or violence -- like any scene with Renfield.<br /><br />The script is just as great as the direction, with some unspeakably good dialogue (\\"For one who has not lived even a single lifetime, you're a wise man, Van Helsing\\"), usually from Dracula. But the best scenes and dialogue are made up of highlights from the novel (such as Dracula saying dreamily, \\"Listen to them, the children of the night. What music they make!\\").<br /><br />But the star of all this is Lugosi himself, one of the two quintessential vampire actors (the other being Christopher Lee). While he doesn't resemble the book's Dracula, his hypnotic stare and charming, intense manner make him an ideal vampire count. And Frye deserves a nod for one of the nastiest, maddest, creepinest performances in cinema history. Sort of a nuttier, bug-eating Gollum (\\"Not when I can get nice fat spiders!\\").<br /><br />The original \\"Dracula\\" is still the best, more than seventy years after it was made. Dripping with Gothic atmosphere and seductive charm, this is a magnificent piece of work.ctorian drawing rooms with eerie noises from outside. Granted, a fair amount of stuff is changed -- Jonathan Harker is partially replaced by the mad Renfield -- but none of these really detract from the storyline.     And Browning pours the creepiness on thickly, such as Dracula's seduction of young women, which keeps up the whole idea of vampiric sexuality. But Browning also knows how to pour on the subtle horror, without blood or violence -- like any scene with Renfield.     The script is just as great as the direction, with some unspeakably good dialogue (\\"For one who has not lived even a single lifetime, you're a wise man, Van Helsing\\"), usually from Dracula. But the best scenes and dialogue are made up of highlights from the novel (such as Dracula saying dreamily, \\"Listen to them, the children of the night. What music they make!\\").     But the star of all this is Lugosi himself, one of the two quintessential vampire actors (the other being Christopher Lee). While he doesn't resemble the book's Dracula, his hypnotic stare and charming, intense manner make him an ideal vampire count. And Frye deserves a nod for one of the nastiest, maddest, creepinest performances in cinema history. Sort of a nuttier, bug-eating Gollum (\\"Not when I can get nice fat spiders!\\").     The original \\"Dracula\\" is still the best, more than seventy years after it was made. Dripping with Gothic atmosphere and seductive charm, this is a magnificent piece of work.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|This is a dark, brilliantly written and exquisitely directed drama.  Breaking Bad is simply one of the best shows that has ever appeared on television.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|Hayao Miyazaki is one of those rare directors who can take the magic of nature and childhood, then somehow capture it for the screen.<br /><br />And his tenth Ghibli movie \\"Ponyo\\" is no exception -- it's a reimagined tale of a \\"little mermaid\\" who wants to become human so she can be with a little human boy she loves. It's a simple story told in a simple manner (occasionally TOO simple), but it has a lush oceanic beauty and an innocent sweetness that really capture your heart and imagination.<br /><br />A little boy named Sosuke finds a tiny \\"goldfish\\" with a human face on a beach, trapped in a bottle. He names her Ponyo, and goes to great lengths to care for his little fishy friend.<br /><br />But then the sea wizard Fujimoto, Ponyo's overprotective dad, appears and snatches Ponyo back into the sea -- and she decides that she wants to become human so she can be with Sosuke. Having tasted a bit of Sosuke's blood, she sprouts chickenleggy limbs and starts to change, but inadvertently disrupts a magical well that causes the moon to drop, the seas to rise over the land, and prehistoric magic to rise once more.<br /><br />Sosuke and Ponyo are delighted to be reunited, despite the raging storm that is engulfing the city and causing ships to go missing. While the children go searching for Sosuke's missing mother, Fujimoto struggles to fix the balance of nature before the entire world is destroyed, with the help of Ponyo's sea goddess mother. The only hope of restoring balance lies in Ponyo and Sosuke -- and if Sosuke's love is not true, then Ponyo will be reduced to sea foam.<br /><br />Compared to Miyazaki's other movies, \\"Ponyo\\" is a very simple story -- it's basically a boy-meets-fishgirl story, with lots of children running around being adorable and exquisite looks at the sea. Even its theme is simple -- the story is dependent on on true selfless love and how it knows no boundaries of age, experience or even species. Not to mention parents letting go of their children.<br /><br />If there's a downside to the story, it's the lack of internal conflict. Example: the \\"test\\" that Fujimoto and the sea goddess use for Sosuke... well, it's far less impressive than it seems.<br /><br />And Miyazaki does not disappoint animationwise -- he conjures a waterworld of luminous sea life, sparkling ships, prehistoric creatures, finned submarines and a town that has been swallowed by the sea (complete with boats floating over the rooftops). It's an exquisite piece of work that turns the ocean into a magical, otherworldly realm where wizards work in coral-encrusted towers and shimmering jellyfish take little mermaids to the surface.<br /><br />Ponyo herself provides a lot of the movie's charm -- she's effusive, hyperactive, has a babylike fascination with the human world (\\"HAM!\\"), and an array of handy magical powers. Sosuke is a likable lad who is fascinated by Ponyo and her world, and Fujimoto makes a enjoyable anti-hero -- spindly, gaunt and with a mane of messy red hair, he's like a rock'n'roll embodiment of parental stress.<br /><br />The extras are pretty promising on this particular edition, as you'd expect with a Ghibli film -- a slew of documentaries and interviews (including with Miyazaki himself), storyboards, explorations of the story's background. And most striking is the \\"World of Ghibli,\\" an interactive creation which apparently allows people to \\"enter\\" the worlds of various Miyazaki movies -- \\"Ponyo's,\\" \\"Kiki's,\\" \\"Castle in the Sky's,\\" and so on.<br /><br />\\"Ponyo\\" is simpler and more childlike fare than most of Miyazaki's past films, but it's still a sweet and lushly-animated piece of work. At the very least, it will transport you to a magical childhood.tory, it's the lack of internal conflict. Example: the \\"test\\" that Fujimoto and the sea goddess use for Sosuke... well, it's far less impressive than it seems.     And Miyazaki does not disappoint animationwise -- he conjures a waterworld of luminous sea life, sparkling ships, prehistoric creatures, finned submarines and a town that has been swallowed by the sea (complete with boats floating over the rooftops). It's an exquisite piece of work that turns the ocean into a magical, otherworldly realm where wizards work in coral-encrusted towers and shimmering jellyfish take little mermaids to the surface.     Ponyo herself provides a lot of the movie's charm -- she's effusive, hyperactive, has a babylike fascination with the human world (\\"HAM!\\"), and an array of handy magical powers. Sosuke is a likable lad who is fascinated by Ponyo and her world, and Fujimoto makes a enjoyable anti-hero -- spindly, gaunt and with a mane of messy red hair, he's like a rock'n'roll embodiment of parental stress.     The extras are pretty promising on this particular edition, as you'd expect with a Ghibli film -- a slew of documentaries and interviews (including with Miyazaki himself), storyboards, explorations of the story's background. And most striking is the \\"World of Ghibli,\\" an interactive creation which apparently allows people to \\"enter\\" the worlds of various Miyazaki movies -- \\"Ponyo's,\\" \\"Kiki's,\\" \\"Castle in the Sky's,\\" and so on.    \\"Ponyo\\" is simpler and more childlike fare than most of Miyazaki's past films, but it's still a sweet and lushly-animated piece of work. At the very least, it will transport you to a magical childhood.
B00102FELM|4.0|I bought this along with their Gold 2CD set and found Live at Wacken Open Air a little off with the sound. It could have been the placement of the microphones when it was recorded. But if you love the Scorpions you'll still enjoy this DVD.
0192802380|5.0|\\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is undoubtedly one of the most beloved classic novels in history -- it's had countless adaptations, sequels and homages lavished on it over the years.<br /><br />And Jane Austen's grand opus is still beloved for a good reason. While it's rather stuffily written much of the time, it has a vibrant core of witty dialogue and strong characters that shine like lanterns in the night -- and the best part of it is the interplay between the two strong-willed main characters, whose initial dislike of one another blossoms into love once they learn how to overcome his pride and her prejudice.<br /><br />The Bennett family is in an uproar when wealthy Mr. Bingley moves into the neighborhood, and Mrs. Bennett is especially happy when he takes a liking to the eldest Bennett daughter Jane -- since their estate is entailed and there is no Mr. Bennett Jr., a good marriage is considered essential for at least one of the girls. But her forthright, independent sister Lizzie immediately butts heads with wealthy, aloof Mr. Darcy, who scorns the rural village and seems haughty about everything.<br /><br />A flurry of proposals, road trips and friendships happen over the course of the following months, with Lizzie fending off her slimy cousin Mr. Collins, and befriending the flirty, hunky Wickham, who claims to have been wronged by Darcy. Lizzie believes Wickham's account -- and she's in for a shock when Darcy unexpectedly proposes, and reveals what Wickham won't tell her about both of their past lives, and what Wickham did to offend Darcy.<br /><br />And finally things take a scandalous turn when Lizzie's idiotic younger sister Lydia elopes with Wickham, while staying with a friend in Brighton. The family is plunged into disgrace, which also wrecks any chances of a halfway decent marriage for the other daughters. The only one who can set things right is Darcy, who will do whatever he must to make amends to Lizzie -- and unwittingly establish himself as the man she loves as well...<br /><br />Reading \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is a bit like watching someone embroider a piece of cloth with subtle, intricate designs. Lots of balls, dances, visits and drawing room banter between Lizzie and virtually everyone else, and interwoven with some rather opinions from Jane Austen about haughty aristocrats, marriages of security, entailment, and the whole idea of what an ideal woman has (intellect and strength).<br /><br />The only real problem: Jane Austen writes very much in the style of her literary era -- it's rather formal and stuffy much of the time, and the narrative is kept distant from the characters. So, not for casual readers.<br /><br />But despite that formality, Austen's brilliance as a writer is evident -- she slowly unfolds the plot one act at a time, with several intricate subplots that tie together and play off each other. She also wrote some unbelievably sharp-edged dialogue with plenty of witty banter between Lizzie and Darcy (\\"I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine\\"). But Austen also weaves in startlingly romantic moments between them (\\"No one admitted to the privilege of hearing you, can think anything wanting\\").<br /><br />It's hard to imagine a better fictional couple than Lizzie and Darcy, despite their rocky start (a major-league snub at a dance). Both are witty, smart, and a bit snotty in their own ways, with quick minds and even quicker tongues. Darcy is a selfish, rather haughty man man who gradually becomes warm and kind, while Lizzie is strong, independent, and Darcy's equal in every way. And neither will marry for anything but true love.<br /><br />It also has a solid supporting cast: the painfully practical Charlotte Lucas, slimy clerics, virtuous-looking rakes, sisters ranging from saintly to snobby, and the lovable Mr. Bingley and perpetually optimistic Jane. Lizzie's family also adds plenty of color to the story, including the screechy and hilariously mercurial Mrs. Bennett and the barb-tongued Mr. Bennett (\\"Your mother will never see you again if you do not marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again if you do\\").<br /><br />Despite its mildly stuffy style, \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is the ultimate Jane Austen novel -- a powerful and romantic story about two people who grow and change because of love. An absolute must-read.ongued Mr. Bennett (\\"Your mother will never see you again if you do not marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again if you do\\").<br /><br />Despite its mildly stuffy style, \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is the ultimate Jane Austen novel -- a powerful and romantic story about two people who grow and change because of love. An absolute must-read.
B002NOAF9W|3.0|The original remastered disc is great!!! \\"Little Queenie\\" might be the best cover of a Chuck Berry song I've ever heard. What is it, the second solo...when Wyman runs his bass up? Pure magic!!! Packaging and hype a bit overblown. DVD is way too short, but pretty cool. CD of same DVD tracks is superfluous. BBK I&TT disc is mediocre. I saw The Stones in Chicago this tour and Chuck Berry opened (Terry Reid too??) would've much preferred his set - even with \\"My Ding-a-Ling\\" - YIKES!  Overall, $50 is a rip-off. If my ex-girlfriend hadn't run off with my old CD, I never would've bought this. Just another reason to be pissed at her. Like I'm still pissed at Yoko.
B00005JKCH|5.0|2002 saw the start of the era of the comic book movie, one that was heavy on tight storylines, great special effects and cunning direction.  Spider-man fit that bill.  Marvel Comics prime superhero, his story is interesting, his facts everyone can relate to.<br /><br />Everything Peter is, Norman Osborn is too, except the Goblin is not a hero.  As the Goblin said, \\"We are what we choose to be!\\"<br /><br />Norman's company is about to die a slow death.  He's not getting the military contracts he needs to keep the business going.  The board of directors is stonewalling him and demanding his resignation.  He must do something.<br /><br />Peter's life in high school is full of humiliation and fear.  He's not getting the respect he needs to keep his life going.  His \\"friends\\" are stonewalling him and demanding he get out of their way.  He must do something.<br /><br />Through the fate of a radioactive, genetically enhanced spider, Peter gets the power he needed to make some changes in his life.  Ah, what the Goblin would not do to possess such power.<br /><br />There is humor in the piece, but also a lot of raw human emotion.  If you have ever gone through teh grief process, you can relate to Aunt May and Peter's loss of Uncle Ben.  However, you can also relate to Harry Osborn's grief process with his father (not knowing Norman is the infamous goblin).<br /><br />Favorite scenes include the kissing scene, MJ's wet shirt, some funeral pathos, some New Yorkers getting angry, and Peter clueless about women.<br /><br />Sam Raimi put together a great story here, taking the basic elements of the original Marvel Comics tale and made some changes.  However, I still miss Gwen Stacy!<br /><br />The double-disc of the widescreen edition is really hot.  You have the film in Disc 1 and the usual scene selections.  In Disc 2, it's full of interviews, screen tests, special effects mysteries revealed and so on.  It's a cool package.<br /><br />A must-see.  Recommended.<br /><br />See the trilogy together:<br />[[ASIN:B000UR9T82 Spider-Man - The High Definition Trilogy (Spider-Man / Spider-Man 2 / Spider-Man 3) [Blu-ray]]]<br /><br />Also see some other Tobey Macguire films:<br /><br />[[ASIN:6305308659 Pleasantville (New Line Platinum Series)]]<br />[[ASIN:B00003CXDJ Wonder Boys]]n Trilogy (Spider-Man / Spider-Man 2 / Spider-Man 3) [Blu-ray]]]    Also see some other Tobey Macguire films:    [[ASIN:6305308659 Pleasantville (New Line Platinum Series)]]  [[ASIN:B00003CXDJ Wonder Boys]]
B000BYA5G4|4.0|Since I gave the movie four stars, it's obvious that I liked it a lot.  Nicolas Cage portrayed an admittedly cynical and amoral gun runner (Yuri).  The movie could, arguably, be thought of as a capitalist success story in the Horatio Alger tradition.  The movie was full of scenes of gritty realism.  The street scenes in various third world countries and the contrast to the lifestyles of the local ruling despots merit particular mention.  There was unusual cinematography, as well - particularly the \\"life of a bullet\\" sequence at the beginning of the movie, that ends with the bullet entering a child's brain.<br /><br />However, I found Yuri's wife Ava's betrayal of him to be unrealistic in the extreme.  After all, she had been a dutiful \\"trophy wife\\" who had been living off of Yuri's so-called \\"ill-gotten gains\\" for years.  Why would she, all of a sudden, out of the blue, develop a \\"conscience\\"?  It made me wonder, was she having an affair with the cop who was investigating her husband, or what?  Or maybe the authorities were going to charge her as an accessory or even a co-conspirator, and she \\"flipped\\" to save her own skin.  Hey, it's happened enough with the mob in real life; why not here, as well?
B00005JNJV|5.0|What a great start to a new franchise!<br /><br />The previous Batman films were getting a bit hokey, kinda like the camp of the Adam West sixties TV show (of which I was an avid fan) but not nearly as entertaining.<br /><br />Christopher Nolan and Dave Goyer came up with a new origin story with a mix from the comics' origins.  Let's take Bruce Wayne, we'll keep the tragic loss of his parents shot by Joe Chill (thank you Bob Kane) and mix a little Ras Aghul (from the 70s comics) and throw in some martial arts.<br /><br />The League of Shadows, the cult group that pulled Wayne out of the suicidal funk he was in, found and purged his fears but wanted to use him as a pawn to bring down Gotham just as it brought down other civilizations over thousands of years.  Not agreeing to their methods, Bruce destroyed their camp, but in the process saved Neeson, who himself carried on the LOS name and mission.<br /><br />The Falcony gang continues unopposed to rule Gotham, with its Mafia standards.  Batman puts a crimp in his style.  The Scarecrow, aka Dr. Crane, with his own methods of insanity and destruction, also a pawn in the LOS game.<br /><br />Chase scenes, a bit of James Bond utility devices and a real, character-driven story that surpasses earlier attempts at telling the story of the Bat.  Katie Holmes is not too bad as the kinda sorta girlfriend of Bruce -- could have been a little more emotional, but that's hard when the Bat gets in the way.  Like MJ and Spiderman, the Bat or the Spider get in the way.<br /><br />Recommended!<br /><br />Other Bat Stuff:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000B5XOY8 Batman (Two-Disc Special Edition)]] [the Tim Burton/Michael Keaton version, not bad at all]<br />[[ASIN:B0002W4UXE Batman - Holy Batmania]] [Adam West years, Bam! Pow!]<br />[[ASIN:B000AQOHNA Batman - The Complete 1943 Movie Serial Collection]] (The original 1940s series)<br />[[ASIN:B001CTXUTQ Batman - The Complete Animated Series]] (a Must-Have!)
B002NWRMVS|4.0|Excellent recording and performance by Nora! Sassy, warm sound with great laid-back guitar work with pristine vocals. Look for a Grammy nod on this one. Candy to the ears. If you expect \\"normal Nora\\" on this, you will be surprised. If you want her to stay within the framework you expect ... you may be disappointed ... but kudos for Nora for breaking out, experimenting and driving for more. Enjoy.
0739313126|5.0|Paul Michael brings this book to life by his mastery of accents and voices.  I will not review the actual book; that has been done enough already.  What I will comment on is Paul Michael's \\"reading\\" of this book.  With the advent of the Kindle's \\"read aloud\\" feature, some audiobook narrators are afraid that they will soon be out of work.  Paul Michael has no need for worry.<br /><br />Paul Michael narrates the story by shifting into each character based on their accent - and there are plenty here: American, British, French, even Scottish.  His method mirrors that of American movie actors - to represent a Frenchman, he acts the dialogue in English with a French accent.  When I first started listening to him, this effect was a bit off-putting, but before long, I found it to be very natural.  Deep into the story, I even forgot he was \\"reading\\" the story because of his mastery of the various accents, which helped immensely in keeping the many characters straight.<br /><br />If you enjoy Dan Brown's work, and you enjoy listening to audiobooks, you will be very happy with this edition.  In fact, I see that Paul Michael has been chosen again to narrate Dan Brown's newest book as well.
0316017922|4.0|\\"Outliers\\" by Malcolm Gladwell is a well-written collection of studies into several areas of human activities from hockey players to air traffic controllers examining why some persons excel and others fail.  While some of the author's analyses and conclusions may be open to debate, he has obviously done considerable scholarly research into a wide variety of subjects and has presented his material in a higly-readable manner.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|Michael Jackson's ultimate collection is a must if you are truly a Jackson fan. It has songs from when he was with the Jackson five and when he went solo. you will enjoy from disc one until disc five. the sound is very clear and precise.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|An instant classic. I cry every time, I laugh until I am sick. Watch it. Ten times.
034547581X|5.0|I was an Officer Candidate School (OCS 4-65) classmate of Rick Rescorla, Joe Marm, Henry Herrick, Larry Hess , Robert Taft, and later became friends with many others written about in this book. I was priviledged to serve with the 1/7th Cavalry along side of the survivors of the Ia Drang fight as I arrived in April 1966 as a replacement. I continue to maintain contact with many of them at reunions.     It is almost impossible to relay the full horrors of combat into words, but Joe Galloway (who was there) definitely gave his best shot at it.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who wishes to share some of the memories and feeling of our United States fighting forces. The men in this fight conducted themselves in the highest degree of valor and dedication to their fellow soldiers.    To learn more about Rick Rescorla (pictured on the cover), I recommend the book \\"Heart of a Soldier\\" which portrays his entire life.  Knowing what kind of a man Rick was, it was no surprise to me when I found out he had given up his life to save so many on 9/11
B0000C6K09|1.0|I was really anticipating this album. But after listening to the first CD (or trying to listen), it's just plain awful. I won't even attempt to listen to the rest of the set because it will make my speakers cry.          Half the instruments are out of tune and the brass is all over the place. The strings are out of sync, and the music is void of emotion. This would sound OK if you were in a drunken stupor. Don't get me wrong. It would be alright if the set cost $10 and you were using it as background fodder (like what most Christmas music usually is). But $40 for this trash? Come on. I wasn't expecting the world as I knew these weren't original recordings, but the orchestra sounds like they just arrived off the slow boat from Antarctica.          I guess I will give it away as a freebie to someone else who is deaf in one ear and doesn't know what a real instrument sounds like.           You're better off grabbing 4 $10 Williams albums than this insult to a great American composer.
1423113497|5.0|My granddaughter loves this series. That's saying something, since all her friends can talk about is the Twilight books and movies. I'm giving her the boxed set so we can enjoy them together. She loves Riordan's funny-sentence chapter titles. They get us talking about mythology, and I can't imagine what else would get us into such a cool conversation! Thanks, Rick :)
B001JQ0PDG|5.0|A great guide to yourself. Feel more connected to others. Try also the 10 radio shows of the soul series on Oprah.
0061914177|5.0|This book is a fast read.  Easy, written in everyday language (not geek talk), and to the point.  Not a lot of fluff to fill more pages!  Great information and a real learning experience.  I highly recommend the book!
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|This product came quickly and was very enjoyable.  I will purchase from this seller again with no hesitation!
B000002KOO|5.0|I have a play list titled \\"always\\"  that includes songs I will want to hear anytime and never grow tired of; 4 songs from this album are on it. Do a $2 test run , load \\"Fighting for Madge\\" n' \\"Searching for Madge\\"  play them as a suite a couple times.  This is NOT mellow later F Mac   this moves.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|This one actually gets better the more you watch it.  Every 6 months or so, I pop this one in and swoon.  The story is amazing, a bit dark, but not the worse for it.  And there are a few scenes which really stick with you.  \\"Look back, look back at me...\\"  Richard Armitage's voice alone is reason to purchase.  Hours of enjoyment for those times when you want to escape.
B000FL7B5Q|5.0|One of my fave AFI disks. If you do not own this yet, you should.
0312370849|5.0|I had not known how involved some of the French had been in the holocaust.  I was so very moved by this book and loved the style, going from 1942 to 2002 to learn about the vel d'hiver.  I loved Julia and was so involved in Sarah's story that I , like Julia couldn't get her out of my mind.  I found myself sobbing over her suffering and am moved to visit this place in a way I had never before imagined possible for me.  Thank you, Tatiana,for my book of the year!!!!
B001UXJQHE|5.0|Andre Rieu and his amazing show finally made it to Australia in November 08  and the joy on 40 thousand faces was testament to Rieu's style of entertainment.It was a warm Melbourne night and the mammoth stage was spectacular,almost like being in Vienna ,a life size reproduction of the of the Schonbrunn Palace, Overall the content was similar to that of the experience in Vienna , but with a unique Australian flavour , the standout here was Mirusia singing \\"Botany Bay\\",to Australians this is almost like a hymn and there were few dry eyes,as the song echo's the leaving of the Old Motherland in May 1787 and reaching Botany Bay on January 19-20-1788. There were eleven vessels which carried about 730 convicts and 250 free settlers all starting life anew in the Unknown land of Australia.  I felt that Andre hit the mark with this,and other Australian content too, and i was also fairly happy with the sound quality given that preforming in huge stadiums of this kind can be very hard from an audio standpoint.  At the time of writing this Dec 16th 08 this DVD is already breaking Australian sales records in the lead up to Christmas.Total running time is 2hours 9mins  so you get a good deal!
B00003CX96|5.0|In short a super movie about growing up and breaking free in midwest America.  Loved the comradeship of the boys \\"the Cutters\\" and the star whose adolescent, happy-go-lucky, was such a comic relief and nicely counterweighed by the gloomy Dennis Quaid as young as you ever seen him on film.    The soundtrack was especially memorable and never has Puccini been put in such good use in a film before.    I have seen many movies, in many different genres and this is in my top ten for sure! I cannot but smile thinking of this movie.
031606792X|1.0|I read the entire twilight series.  All in the books were original and interesting, until the 4th and final book.  It was just a huge disappointment.  Of course the entire series is fiction with many life themes implicit in the story, but the 4th book was just too much and too frivolous (in relation to the life themes).  I don't want to give the story away but Renesmee was fiction on steroids and all to prove a point or express a view about life.      Oh well - still glad I read the books and you do have to read the 4th if you read the first 3.  But for me it was a big let down.  Now to be fair - my wife said number 4 was her favorite.
B000286RNY|4.0|It is a hilarious movie of Soccer and Kung Fu.  For all that love Stephen Chow's humour and movies it is a must see.  The quality is ofcourse much better than his old movies such as \\"From Beijing with love\\", better put together and really a very good movie all around.     But it is not as entertaining as Kung Fu Hustle and has even more of that sad coolie story that went a little too far in his latest children moral tale \\"CJ7\\" (which any Stephen Chow fan has to see anyway).    In short a must see for everyone!
0307455874|1.0|I am politically \\"in the middle\\" most of the time.  This book is a lousy read if you ask me.  The politics in it are totally boring and I guess I really didn't get it.
1580084621|5.0|I just bought this as a gift for my father and now I want one of my own. I recently spent time traveling in Thailand and this book had recipes for all of my favorite foods.
B00005KKC8|4.0|I'm a big ABBA fan, but was initially disappointed in this CD.  I, however, learned to really like it because it was pretty strange.
B002HWRYJE|2.0|J.J. Abrams's new Star Trek movie functions as an unlikely primer in one contemporary movie-making technique: the lens flare. No, I have to admit that I wasn't hugely familiar with lens flare before I saw Star Trek -- I'd heard of it, and I'd also heard that Star Trek was absolutely infested with it, but I wasn't 100% sure that I'd know lens flare when I saw it.<br /><br />I shouldn't have been so tentative; Star Trek is a wonderfully designed tutorial in the uses and abuses of lens flare, suitable for bringing even the most dilettantish of Big Summer Movie watchers -- myself for example -- into a state of utter awareness of, and complete jadedness with, the Cosmic All of lens flare.<br /><br />Every single surface in Star Trek is shiny, not excepting the ridiculously young and pretty lead actors themselves. And, since those surfaces are shiny, it only stands to reason that they must emit light at random times -- and so they do!<br /><br />I pick on J.J. Abrams -- and he definitely does deserve it -- but this movie was planned as a way to bring a new audience to the Trek movies, and it has definitely done that. This Star Trek is definitely a reboot; it starts over from the beginning to make it new-viewer friendly.<br /><br />At the same time, it reboots itself as part of the plot of the movie, which uses some of Trek's most skiffy (and least SFnal) time-travel tropes, and vast stretches of the dialogue and situations are more \\"Easter Eggs\\" for long-time fans than engines to move the plot forward. It's big and shiny and overwhelming, but it's also hollow, with the shiny bits not actually doing anything -- to be a massive Trekkie about it, this is a V'ger of a movie.<br /><br />Also, the villain is a massive disappointment. If I followed the growling dialogue correctly, Eric Bana's Nero is the random Romulan commander of a mining vessel who was really pissed off when an attempt to save his home planet failed and then somehow blundered a hundred and some years into the past, where his non-military craft had overwhelming power. (And massive numbers of guided missiles, which would seemingly be of little use to a mining craft.) He's a whiny nobody with a huge snit against Spock just because Spock didn't manage to save his planet. (Nero, of course, didn't even try to save his own planet, and there's no sign any Romulan did -- or even tried to evacuate the place.) Abrams is clearly trying to make Nero into Spock's Khan, but it just doesn't work.<br /><br />If I had been the development executive in charge of Star Trek -- and there's no conceivable universe in which that would be the case -- this script would be the one we'd all laugh at, say positive things like \\"you're really getting the characters down now,\\" and then ask for something new and original with a real plot and slightly less genocide. (Filmed skiffy has been on a genocide bender for several decades now, but it's about time to put it on the wagon.) The movie we have is OK, and probably was quite impressive on the big screen, but it indulges itself in at least a dozen ways, to the detriment of its strengths as a movie.overwhelming power. (And massive numbers of guided missiles, which would seemingly be of little use to a mining craft.) He's a whiny nobody with a huge snit against Spock just because Spock didn't manage to save his planet. (Nero, of course, didn't even try to save his own planet, and there's no sign any Romulan did -- or even tried to evacuate the place.) Abrams is clearly trying to make Nero into Spock's Khan, but it just doesn't work.    If I had been the development executive in charge of Star Trek -- and there's no conceivable universe in which that would be the case -- this script would be the one we'd all laugh at, say positive things like \\"you're really getting the characters down now,\\" and then ask for something new and original with a real plot and slightly less genocide. (Filmed skiffy has been on a genocide bender for several decades now, but it's about time to put it on the wagon.) The movie we have is OK, and probably was quite impressive on the big screen, but it indulges itself in at least a dozen ways, to the detriment of its strengths as a movie.
B000006YMM|2.0|This CD is not bad, but not good either.  It is one of Agnetha's post ABBA era CD's.  She was much better in the ABBA years.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|What a pleasure to hear this collection of so many different styles of music come together so cohesively. The joy of the performers is contagious.
B000006YMN|3.0|This was one of Agnetha's post ABBA era CD's.  It is fair, but nothing compared to her ABBA days.
0061735817|3.0|\\"Good Omens\\" is one of my favorite books that I have read more often than is probably good for me.  This comedy about the end of the world is not only uproariously funny, but a ruthlessly critical yet still affectionate look at human nature and its foibles and a deep meditation on the nature of life, death, good, and evil, with an exciting plot and lovable characters thrown in as bonuses.  I heartily recommend it.    The only downside is that I've now read it so often that I've got quite a bit of it memorized, with the unfortunate side effect that reading it no longer affects me quite as strongly as it did back when it was new.  The best thing about the new audiobook is that Martin Jarvis's reading seemed to make everything new again.  Hearing it in his voice instead of my own brought back it's original freshness, and I found myself laughing out-loud over bits like the \\"Buggre Alle This Bible\\" for the first time in years.  Jarvis does an excellent job voicing the different characters, especially the ones from the past, and his enthusiasm and affection for the work shows through in the narration.    However, I did have a few problems with his reading, the major two being that I did not like the voices that he chose for Adam Young, War, and Death.  Death especially was off-putting:  you know that low, purr-y voice typically given to the fantasy talking cat?  That's what Death sounds like.  Which is completely different than how Death sounds in my head (in which he's got a Vader-era James Earl Jones thing going on, except flat and emotionless rather than dripping with evil menace).  Plus, Jarvis's Death voice is quieter than that of any other character or the narration, which is weird for a character who, in the text, SPEAKS ONLY IN CAPITALS LIKE THIS.  War sounds kind of like Terry Gilliam might if he were both very sleepy and trying to parody a low, seductive drawl.  He's got Crowley and Aziraphale down wonderfully, though.    Another problem is that Martin Jarvis has a tendency to get a little too into trying to do ethnic accents, so much so that it seems kinda racist.  The scene on the Japanese whaling ship is particularly bad.  You at the end of \\"A Christmas Story\\" when they go to the Chinese restaurant and the people are singing \\"Deck tha Harrs wit Boughs of Horry, Fa Ra Ra?\\" The first mate sounds like that, except his accent is Japanese and twice as thick!  It's cringe-inducing.    So that's what brought my review down to three stars.  But that said, still worth buying.
B00005CDNF|4.0|I really love this CD.  It highlights the fun ABBA had making music in their early days.  If you like up-beat pop, you'll like this CD.
0470477237|5.0|Erik Qualman tells it like it is. Not like it use to be. Companies who do not wake up and listen to the core messages of this book are doomed to become marketing dinosaurs. There is a profound, radical, paradigm shift in consumer logic and the way consumers are spending their money and finding the information they seek. This book clearly defines the changing of the times and the new thought process that is emerging in our world today. Those who listen to Erik Qualman will have a greater impact on the people they need to reach. Social media is the new frontier for all future generations. It's here right now and if you are smart, you will embrace it and Socialnomics will show you how. I only wish I had read this book before publishing my own: [[ASIN:0615140491 OCD: A life Among Secrets]] It would have changed the way I marketed my own book and it will in the future. Thanks Erik!
B001AVCFK6|5.0|This Blu-ray movie is incredible.  One of the best movies I've seen in years.  Probably the best Star Trek movie ever, as well.
0375836675|3.0|It is a well-written book, regarding its description and language. But some parts of the plot are not credible enough and the ending appears out of the blue.
B000WQWPJQ|2.0|I love this movie, but in the blu-ray format you see too much.  You see all the film grain in the opening scenes and other artifacts throughout the movie.  Maybe there is a way to take this out and then put it on blu-ray?
B000V9KFLY|4.0|I purchased this item because I enjoy Celine Dion and I had heard one song, but what I got was an album full of fantastic songs!
B000093BDX|5.0|This CD is full of the hits of the Beach Boys.  In my opinion, one of the greatest groups of all time.  The harmonies are heavenly and have been an inspiration to many other groups.  I HIGHLY recommend this CD.
B002Q9VPFM|5.0|Here it is, the Ultimate Cut in all its g(l)ory. Watchmen is definitely not for everybody. The comic book is an absolute classic, that is not even up for debate. However, you either love it for the story and detail or find it all a total drag. That part is up to you. If you adore the book, though, the movie should not disappoint. Znyder took a brave step when he decided to change an essential part of the movie. Luckily, that change manages to make more sense even compared to the original book. The Tales of the Black Freighter is also very well done and has been expanded a little. Watchmen obviously mops the floor with 300, and Znyder proved to be exactly the right man for this movie. There is no reason not to fall in love with it IF Watchmen is for you. Is it?
B002KSPKRS|4.0|I think that the headset could have been a bit better for 200 dollars.  The sound cuts in and out quite freaquently during gameplay.  Usually it is a sharp static noise. Also, the cord that goes from the headset to the xbox 360 controller falls out quite easily just by moving around and creating a little tug on it.  If you can deal with that then this headset is otherwise great from durabilty, comfortable, and great sound.
B001EN1R3Q|5.0|MOTLEY CRUE'S best album. this is another one of those albums that is helped tremendously by remastering.it was originally one of the albums recorded as everything was going completely digital.now it sounds raw.
B002MW50KO|5.0|If someone had told me six months ago that Bob Dylan would a) make a Christmas album and b) sing the words \\"ho, ho, ho\\", I would have thought that person out of their mind.  I mean, Dylan clearly has his whimsical side as we can see by the whole Traveling Wilburys experience, but still he kinda has a serious, high minded reputation.  My mistake, of course, would be thinking that a Christmas album cannot be high minded and fun at the same time.  This album is both.  The instant classic, \\"Must Be Santa\\" is a fun tribute to St. Nick (I recommend the video on You Tube) while at the same time, his reading of \\"Little Drummer Boy\\" is reverent and reminds us that Jesus is the reason for Christmas.  Another stand out tune is \\"Christmas Blues\\" which is the only song Dylan records in the blues style of his recent albums.  It is fabulous tune about a guy who has no one to share Christmas with.  The album as a whole is mostly classics, but they are so fresh as they are filtered through Dylan's own unique style and vocals.  Dylan is underrated as an arranger of music.  He is in his element on \\"Christmas in the Heart.\\"  I highly recommend this album, you will be glad you got it.
B00005V0X5|5.0|never really liked this album,always sounded cheap and crappy. but this remixed and remastered version shows what early MEGADETH were all about.the first 7 songs on this cd make this worth purchasing.DAVE'S pissed and angry and that's when he's at his best.i know they had to severly edit THESE BOOTS,probably should have just left it off this re-release.
1594488878|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. I'm a huge fan of Nick Hornby and I was probably a little bit biased going in to read Juliet, Naked, as I thought I'd love it immediately. And I did.   I really enjoyed the book and thought it was a great read up until Tucker comes to England. After that point I felt it deteriorated a bit - the story wasn't as good as it was when he and Annie were exchanging emails.   I loved the detail in it and the whole persona of Tucker. I felt as if Tucker really was this great rock star that I maybe could have heard of and the wikipedia articles help that.  Overall, the majority of the book is fantastic, and while I feel that the ending fails a bit, so did the ending in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows and I stil think that's an amazing book.
B000AOEN2C|5.0|Star Trek-Enterprise has been taking a lot of fire. I don't see it...I am going back through the entire series and all I've seen \\"bad\\" are one or two episodes that I think are weak, personally. I have found Star Trek-Enterprise to have plot depth and craftsmanship, series continuity, and character development.  I think they are excellent and very well done.   This complete series collection is well done. I found no video or sound problems and a lot of extras. The menu presents a short learning curve and there is a minimum of overpackaging. Wish there could have been a fifth and final season to tie everything up and make for a more complete story.The series should have been given that chance. In today's market,with cheap reality shows and cheaply produced entertainment shows being the way most networks are going,doubt if we will see the budget committed to do another series.
B002LK3DUQ|5.0|Wonderful movie on so many levels. The grandkids loved it and so did we. Cried the first time, the 2nd time, and even the 3rd.  This movie is a classic.
B00009L1UP|5.0|It is amazing what 24-bit re-mastering has done to this album. It feels incredibly fresh now just as it was back then. Great production, Prog-metal at its best, for sure. The bonus tracks are not the greatest, but the original 11 tracks has definitely come alive in an incredible way. Don't hesitate and pick this one up - yes, it IS worth it if you already own the original copy.   This album will always be a classic. It is full of great musicianship and Geoff Tate is obviously one of the great rock singers of all time. However, it has never sounded this good before. The production of this album is exceptional and Chris Degarmo was really writing some amazing material at this point in the bands career. For those who are fans of Progressive Metal this is an album that is essential for your collection.    This is their most successful release to date,even though MINDCRIME will always be considered their best.
159562015X|5.0|This was a great gift from my manager. I recently purchased for my team to use as a team building and provide insight in managing the group.
B001DHXT6G|5.0|what else can be said about the original STAR TREK?either you like the fact that they redid all CGI scenes or you don't. i personally think it's about time this franchise was updated in this way.for the purists that don't like this sort of thing,you can hold onto your original sets,no harm -no foul.i remember watching the original series on tv as a kid(first run as i'm of that age)and thoroughly enjoy these new sets.
B000SZH8LQ|5.0|This being Bailey Rae's first album, \\"Put Your Records On\\" was nominated for Best Song and Best Record Grammy of 2006, as well as the album garnering Bailey Rae's nomination for 2006 Best New Artist. For some reason that I don't quite understand, the single \\"Like a Star\\" was also nominated for a Grammy in 2008 - even though it was part of the 2006 album. Both of these songs and the album did well in the charts as well as in other award shows in American and England.    Corinne's voice is like a gentle, warm breeze in the world of jazz/soul/r&b music - very easy to listen to.    It being included for a daily special of $1.99 in Dec 2009 is probably partially to awaken interest in her second album coming in Feb 2010.    I heartily recommend it.
B000089RV6|5.0|while i've always listened to FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK more,this is the album that all ACDC albums are measured by.not a bad song on this cd.i'll keep it short because there's nothing i can say about album that has not been said already.
B00003CX8N|5.0|This is one of my favorite films of all times.  A good friend is an avid book reader and she loves rummaging through old book stores for great finds.  She had never seen the film, so this DVD made the perfect gift.
B0002JJBZY|5.0|while these sets are still available(used),people not wanting the remastered versions with al new CGI scenes need to purchase this while you still can. nothing can be said about the original STAR TREK series that hasn't already been said.the best sci fi franchise ever...
B002Q4U9YU|4.0|I always enjoy ordering from Amazon, but, feel the shipping rates are awfully high for the item ordered. I knew this before I ordered, but, had no choice.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|Grabs you from the opening scene and doesn't let go until the end. Truly a great movie. Can't see how people could rate it less than 4 or 5 stars.
0452289963|5.0|This is one of those well written books that you can easily agree with intellectually, but takes some work to make part of your everyday life. Has helped me enjoy life more, reduce stress, and embrace special moments everyday. Can be read and re-read.  I still re-read a few pages every day.[[ASIN:0452289963 A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose (Oprah's Book Club, Selection 61)]]
B0026P3G12|5.0|Want to give someone a very nice Christmas gift?  Get this CD.  Susan understands, as few--very few--young artists do, that the voice is an instrument.  Her heart and soul are in these songs, and I love all of them, especially Wild Horses.  There's so much emotion there, it's just wrenchingly, hauntingly beautiful.  A great collection of tunes from a great lady who deserves all good things.
0061120081|5.0|This powerful novel examines racial injustice in the Deep South during the 1930's Great Depression.  The narrator is young Scout Finch, a six-year-old white girl who lives with her brother Jem and attorney father Atticus.  They live a fairly normal small-town Alabama life of school, playmates, and fearful fascination with a reclusive neighbor.  Things heat up when Atticus is assigned to defend a black man named Tom Robinson who is accused of raping a young white woman.  A man of principle, Atticus takes the job despite angry reactions from neighbors and potential danger. As the trial unfolds in the segregated courtroom (blacks in the balcony), it becomes clear that Robinson is innocent.  Equally clear is that the alleged victim (a friendless young white woman) made a pass at Robinson, her roughneck father saw it, beat his daughter in a rage, and then pressed false charges against Robinson.  Thus the story examines taboo subjects of interracial sex and white womanhood, plus social isolation, family violence, even drug addition.  Remember this book arrived in 1960, when certain subjects went undiscussed and the still-segregated South had poll tests and openly racist lawmakers.  As one might expect, Robinson stands little chance with the all-white jury, but hope may exist via appeal.  The story thus continues in riveting fashion, with varying plot lines and climaxes.             Author Harper Lee (born 1926) based her story on childhood events and neighbors from her native Monroeville, Alabama.  To her surprise the book became a bestseller and was soon adapted into the powerful 1962 film.  And the book still inspires censorship and controversy a half century later.  Some say it portrays blacks as unrealistically timid, others say it's unfair to white southerners or wrong to use rape for controversy.  Ever more reason to read it.  I recall us liking it in high school English.  Ms. Lee never has published another novel, but this one has sold over 30 million copies in several languages.
B0029LHX1W|3.0|I like to keep my reviews extremely brief.  Taste is subjective.  Two words characterize this read:  thrilling and dark.
B001GCUER0|5.0|Great actors, good storylines written for major as well as secondary characters, a fingerlickingly good looking historical setting, this is one of the best shows I caught this year, and in this decade. I note this with Sons of Anarchy and Terminator Chronicles season II as the best show this year ( not counting the awesome John Adams miniseries from HBO because it is a miniseries). I see no difference in quality between season 1 and 2. John Hamm is superb as the lead character, but further kudo's have to go to the characters of Roger Sterling, Pete Campbell, Salvatore, Peggy and most certainly the incredibly attractive Joan.    5 stars fully deserved, very pleasing to see this show from the former Sopranos writer, another show I enjoyed a great deal. Season 3 on dvd please, and please don't let it take 9 months again ( and it probably will, undoubtedly due to foreign rights).
0385335997|4.0|I like to keep my reviews extremely brief.  Taste is subjective.  This read was swashbuckling, rollicking good fun--and sexy, historical and romantic, like the previous two books in the series.  Seriously hard to categorize.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|I was really surprised by how strong this show is. Interesting storylines, terrific acting from Hunnam, Perlman, Sagal, Siff, the whole secondary cast. It's a serious drama, with a very cool setting. It's a very easy watch, keeps me interested throughout and I am very much looking forward to season 2. I would say this is one of the best tv shows in the last decade. Just caught the first episode of season 2 and it throws a very intriguing new group into the bunch, it seems to up the ante compared to this 1st season.
B001V7YWTQ|4.0|This show could have been a really schmaltzy affair done as a money grab by two legends who have been mostly coasting for decades. But there are some inspired moments here - even on some of thier '80s hits: Winwood's \\"Split Decision\\" (which I think originally featured Joe Walsh on guitar) and Clapton's \\"Forever Man\\" (sung as a duet) are both pretty great.    But the best moments, unsurprisingly, are when they revisit Blind Faith - you can't really call it a \\"catalog,\\" as they only had one album. Opening with the track that kicked off their self-titled album from 1969, \\"Had To Cry Today,\\" you can hear the \\"unfinished business\\" that Clapton mentioned when they originally announced the duo shows. \\"Presence Of The Lord,\\" also sung as a duet (on the album, Winwood did all the vocals, with Clapton sticking to guitar) is pretty moving, considering all the things Clapon has been through over the decades. But Sam Myers' \\"Sleeping In The Ground,\\" Buddy Holly's \\"Well All Right\\" and of course their greatest song, \\"Can't Find My Way Back Home\\"... there's not a bad moment there.    Read the rest of my review at my not-for-profit, just-for-the-love music blog, No Expiration.  [...]
B0019FOC5E|5.0|What's not to like?  The music is catchy and it was fun to hear an established actress like Meryl Streep singing the songs of Abba.      If you enjoyed these tunes the first time around, you definitely will enjoy this edition.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It was often said that early sci-fi shows were just westerns in outer space. Well, here is one that not only doesn`t try to hide  it, but embraces the idea. It was really a pretty good tv show. Considering the awful quality of modern tv, you might even call   it outstanding. Which probably explains its cancelation. They simply can`t allow anything on tv worth watching. Why Hollyweird`s  reputation might be ruined forever if they allowed anything to be on the air that anyone might actually want to watch.
0321356683|5.0|Content wise this is one of the best if not the best book on Java I have ever bought. It is highly recommendable.    Writing style wise it is at times wordy. By that I mean that it sometimes takes a long time to deliver the point. In addition, sometimes important points are buried making it more difficult that necessary to find later (e.g. if you remember some scenario but not the details). This is, however, only minor shortcomings.
B002OHDRF2|4.0|The film is in no danger of ever becoming a classic, but it was much better than I had expected. It had some goofy moments and some  really blatant ripoffs of earlier films, but by modern hollyweird standards that`s not half bad. Most are far worse.  Unlike most recent sci-fi films that hollyweird has inflicted on the public, this one at least had a plot even if it was a fairly  predictable one and a story line that at least mostly made sense.  How far entertainment has fallen in the last few years. Here I am praising a film because it`s not nearly as bad as most of the  trash put out in the last few years.
B00008CMR6|4.0|Rio Lobo, El Dorado, and Rio Bravo are all John Wayne films and all three have the same plot. Each has a little different story line,  but basicly they are the same film. But that doesn`t harm they as much as you might think. All are good fun westerns, just don`t  watch them all back to back.  Rio Lobo is a good old fashion fun shoot up the bad guys against long odds western. It doesn`t try for social commentary on the  human condition, just a good guys vs bad guys western adventure. John Wayne is the hard nosed larger than life hero who with the  help of the supporting characters wups up on the bad guys. While immortal western comic Jack Elam injects a healthy dose of  comedy relief when needed.  While it`s not one of John Wayne`s best films, I still highly recommend it.
B000OVLBF8|4.0|Fast shipping. I would like to know if there are subtitles in English because my husband is hearing impaired. I have found that it is hard to read the details. Thank you.
B000UX6THK|5.0|This was truly an event with my wife and myself...then and now. We lived in North Bend, Washington for six years where David Lynch transformed the town as well as Snoquallame(sp?)and the lodge at the falls into the world of Twin Peaks. We couldn't help ourselves identifying the locations as they came up while watching this surrealistic oddity on network TV. We couldn't believe it made it on the air. We both loved it. Remember, this television evolution started with Hill Street Blues...St Elsewhere...Thirty Something...Letterman etc etc as the ultimate Stupid Human Trick!!!    We moved to Seattle while the crews were still filming, but it sure made our stay in rural western Washington memorable. It sure is great to have the whole TV series, including the pilot, all in one package. I noticed someone gave a single star rating for leaving out the motion picture, but the film wasn't really part of the TV project .....and wasn't very good I says!                                     Peaks.
B002K0WBXW|4.0|This was a funny movie, I enjoyed very much. Sandra Bullock is a very funny lady.
B0025KVLUQ|5.0|But this is a masterpiece of production.  Well, ABBEY ROAD always was a masterpiece of production, but the work done to it has only enhanced the Beatles' most polished (and possibly best?  It's 1/1A with this and REVOLVER to me) record.  Worth getting for the rework of \\"Come Together\\" alone.
B000TGCR38|5.0|I have seen many hiding-from-the-Nazis films, but this is by far the best.    The acting is superb.      In the after-credits, Verhoeven says Carice van Houten is a force of nature, and it's true.  The number of chameleon-changes she goes through in the film would be stunning all by itself.  But she also lends to each new incarnation a depth and resonance.  A wonderful actress.    The other actors are all fine, too.  Even the Germans come off as human, and not just sadistic fiends.    The writing is equally superb.  It combines elements of tragedy, suspense-thriller, wistful romantic ending--all flawlessly, all believably.    The filming is graphic and gritty, but never sensational.    I have also seen Paul Verhoeven films before, too, and never liked them much.  He seems to wallow in gore and sex-for-sex's sake: that is, he makes gore comical (which it isn't) and sex grotesque (which it isn't).    But he outdoes himself here.  Things are gory and sexy, but always in the service of the greater tragedy and pathos.
B00009N83Y|4.0|Clint Eastwood and Bert Reynolds star in this light hearted spoof of the hard nosed private eye and cop movies.  Reynolds is the smart a$$ private eye and Eastwood is the hard as nails cop in this romp into the 1930s as they battle bootleggers,  gangsters, and each other. Eastwood often plays straight man to Reynolds wisecracking character.  There are many gags and laughs in the film, but it`s what I call a soft spoof. It`s not a wild crazy spoof like \\"Airplane\\", It`s   more along the lines of the western spoof \\"My Name is Nobody\\". Rather than go for wild crazy gags, they exaggerate the tough guy  movie just enough to make it funny. And it works well.
B0000549B0|5.0|I remembered this movie from AMC. The whole family watched it and it was a good night. Good movie for the whole family to watch on a rainy day with popcorn.
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|This item was delivered on time and i am happy of its quality.    just one thing. I ordered 3 more books and received 2 of them in a month's time.    However, it's been more than two months time for the last book and i still didn't receive it yet.    can i know what happened?    Thannks,    J.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I had to return my copy I bought for my wife at Christmas as her mother gave it to her at Thanksgiving.  However, when I first heard Susan Boyle with my wife, I can understand her excitement.  Susan Boyle is so clear, crisp, and a voice pitch as if one of God's angels were singing to you.  Tonight we watch Andrea Bochelli and although Mr. Bochelli is very good, we both agreed that if Susan Boyle did a Christmas album, it would probably sound as if an angel was singing Christmas songs to you.  I have to admit, as a man with no musical talent, you haven't heard singing or songs as sweet as Susan Boyle can deliver them.  I would recommend this album to anyone, especially husbands looking for a special gift for their wife.
1934429376|5.0|I am a fan and collector of Charley Harper's, and, that being said, this book is truly a beautiful and wonderful representation of his work.  Also, I want to say as an owner of the large $200 dollar edition of this book, I have to admit that I like this one better.  The big one is really tough to physically handle due to its size and weight.  Plus the pages in the big book are matte and really don't do Charley's work justice.  This smaller version has glossy pages which allows all the images to really pop off the page.  Please note that this version of the book has every single image and page that is in the larger version -- EVERY PAGE.  So, buy this for yourself and buy one for a gift...everyone  will love this book.
B001TOD92C|2.0|I really wanted to like this movie.  I expected depth and a meaningful story, but it's just not there.  Rourke does little more than look bizarre and purse his lips a lot in brooding fashion.  I think he's getting a pity vote because of his grotesque appearance?  Maybe people don't remember that he plays the same guy in every movie....the sulking, soul searching, guy.  Usually the point seems to be that his inner poet matches the beauty of his Adonis like looks, and he's still clinging to that device, only now it's his ragged, battered soul matching his wreck of a face and body.  The writing and plot were pretty cliched, which was dissapointing.  The beat up slab of meat, the hooker with a heart of gold, a father wanting to do the right thing only it's too late, the estranged kid who wants daddy out of her life for good.....there's probably a few I'm missing but frankly I lost interest and quit counting cliches.  To me Tomei is really just an after thought. I'm not even sure why she's in the film.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|It's hard to watch this stunning series quietly. I find myself exclaiming every few minutes over one astounding image after another. The colors! The details! The footage they got! The charming, cute, and spooky animals! Even the \\"topic areas\\" that I thought would be of less interest to me, say, the fresh water one made me retrospectively feel silly for even trying to choose an area I thought would be the coolest. The BBC team really captured some unique moments and I love the combination of aerial, underwater, and ground level shots. The variety of animals they managed to film is truly incredible. I agree with the reviewers who say that this is the kind of treasure that children should all get to watch- it really inspires a sense of wonder about the world that I'd love to share with someone younger than me. That said, I've watched it with family of all ages on my brother-in-law's amazingly large TV and it was, dare I say, better than being in an iMax theater. On my own more modest HDTV I am still enchanted and could watch this repeatedly- hence buying a copy. I think the most enchanted of all of us was the oldest- my father in law, who marveled over what technology can do now.<br /><br />The current price makes it a great Christmas present buy, and I'm recommending it as such to everyone I know with a Blu-Ray player (I can't imagine it being as cool in just DVD, though I am tempted to snag a copy for my father and find out.)<br /><br />Some highlights- the astounding waterfalls, the white birds against the blue and green earth as seen from the sky, bears swimming underwater, a panda munching bamboo, the tropical birds dancing, huddling penguins, baby polar bear cubs etc etc.<br />Can't say enough good things, really. They spared no expense and gave me an experience of the world that is utterly different from what I know. I'm so glad that someone captured this world, as I fear it is vanishing rapidly, and at the least it's always changing.
B00005LOUQ|1.0|Very dark, very creepy. 2 of my 4 children cried watching it and kept asking why are we were watching this.... and where is the real Grinch (the original cartoon with Chuck Jones lovely animation and the true to the book narration by Boris Karloff). This on the other hand is a far cry from the original Suess. I love Jim Carey in most of his movies, amazingly talented man, but in this movie his make-up was so grotesque and the tone of the film was so terribly dark that it really did not do well with my 4 young kids. Two thumbs down on this one.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Great movie! My kids have had it almost a year and they still watch it every week!
B000001BZT|5.0|Classic Earle. Little country with a load of rock. Toe tappin good music. Loved this so much as a cassette, had to get it in CD and share with my husband. He is now a died in the wool fan.
B0029O08WA|4.0|At first listen I wasn't impressed, but it really grew on me.  It was so different from the Twilight soundtrack.  I loved seeing the movie and being familiar with the music.  It enhanced the experience.
B002WTC8RA|4.0|I had this book for such a long time, sitting there on my shelf of \\"to read\\" books. I finally picked it up the other afternoon and couldn't put it down. It is a true pleasure to escape into this wonderful little book. The story, told through letters, allows the reader an intimate glimpse into each character. I have read other books that unfolded through letters and thought they were lacking, but this one was just lovely and the characters came to life. I found myself wishing I had a letter from each of them in my mailbox.
0553381687|1.0|Although this is mostly a well-written series, do not read it until the author has the full set of books completed, which at the rate he is working will be in about 10 years. He is already about 4 years behind on the next installment (A Dance with Dragons), and two more novels are supposed to be added after that. Just on content, this book is worth 4 stars, but the lack of completion for the series ruins it.<br /><br />Also, be sure to note that the content is for adults only, with some sexually explicit material.<br /><br />It also seems that the latter books in the series tend to ramble, making me long for the more concise, action-oriented content of the first two books.
0739342754|4.0|The audiobook's title \\"Blade Runner\\" is only for the movie tie-in. This is a reading of \\"Do Androids...\\" and not a rendering of any novelization of the film. Scott Brick produced mixed results as the narrator, fitting wonderfully as Rick Deckerd, with his somber, tough outlook, and not so well with some of the other characters. He didn't really capture Rachel, for example, to my liking. And his tone for Isidore reminded me of Henry Gibson on \\"Laugh In\\" from 1960s TV, which was not a plus.    Dick's view of circa 2020 has flying cars, video phones, humans on Mars, and mood-altering devices, besides androids. One amusing miss was \\"carbons\\" for traditional document copies, managed by secretaries. The speculative science fiction was not Dick's core purpose here anyway. Instead, it is the relationship between humans and androids, and what it means to be either, caught in the transition when empathy was the key distinction and animals had more rights that artificial life, no matter how complicated.    Read other reviews of the novel to help decide if you want the audio. It's an excellent story, and ten CDs make for a reasonable length. Images of Harrison Ford as Deckerd and Sean Young as Rachel won't hurt as you follow along (in fact, Ford was a natural fit), even in the much-different original novel.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Her phrasing is nothing short of fascinating. What's more,she doesn't as much sing the songs but acts them out (listen to her version of Cry Me A River).<br /><br />Ms. Boyle shocked the world when she first opened her mouth to sing. Her YouTube clip has been viewed, and adored, by almost everybody. Could she really be that good?<br /><br />One word:  Yes.<br /><br />Whether singing hymns (How Great Thou Art, Silent Night) or pop (Daydream Beliver), Susan Boyle exhibits the smoothest, silkiest set of vocals ever captured.<br /><br />Room for improvement?  Well, when you have a raw, natural talent like hers, I don't think the next album should be so over-produced. On every track, you struggle to savor Susan Boyle's voice above the too-slick and way too technical effects that abound. Also, the selection was (to be polite) ecclectic (Wild Horses? Why waste a talent like that on something as trivial as that number?)<br /><br />It is to the singer's credit that her powerful vocals, and sincere voice, rise above it.
0446618306|4.0|I really liked the story line.  I actually didn't like that Savannah is so perfect.  It's tough to feel sorry for a girl that is perfect and whom everybody would fall for.  Her best friend is too perfect also.  I would rather have a writer add at least one flaw to each main character.  John Tyree, on the other hand, is the character with the most flaws and the one I love the most.
B0026P3G12|4.0|I knew there was a lot of hype about this album and of course I knew this woman could sing after hearing her on \\"Britain's Got Talent\\"....but I thought this might be only just passable. Was I wrong!! This is a really enjoyable album and while some songs are not as powerfully sung as when she was on the TV, the quieter songs are beautifully sweet and almost childlike in their purity of voice. I would highly recommend this abbum to anyone. I'm looking forward to a second album.
B002WTC8RA|5.0|My favorite part about this book is that you learn so much about the war without having to deal with all of the technicalities like you would with a war history book.  The characters occupy you and you learn something in the process.  It reminds me of the movie Titanic where fictional characters are in a factual setting.  If more books were written like this, I may have retained more from History 101.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle has brought us all back to what music should be - true, unadorned, unproduced, untampered-with talent. What a refreshing change to the so-called production stuff of today. Her choice of songs is inspired. I cannot stop listening to this album. God bless you Susan. You are exactly the sort of person who deserves success.
0800177975|3.0|This is certainly not one of the good Schwarzenegger movies.  Arnold plays a parodie of himself in this movie.  His \\"partner\\" is a 12 year old boy, and together they decided to fight crime in their town.  Really, that's about it for the plot.  And the acting just isen't any better.  When I saw this back when it came out in the 90s I was really disappointed.  I mean this is the guy who did classics like Terminator I & II, Total Recall & The 6th Day, just to mention a few of his glorious movies.  This is comparatively a real let down, don't believe the hype of most of the other reviews.  If your expecting something even remotely close to the just mentioned movies, then forget it, you won't find it in this movie.
B002K5FJOU|5.0|I took 5 kids to the theatre to see this movie.  The kids' ages were 13, 11, 8, 8, and 5.  Everyone loved this movie, including me!  I usually can not stand animated movies.  This one was beautiful, moving, understated.  I loved it and can't wait to buy the DVD.
0142414557|4.0|I bought this book for two reasons:   1. I'd just seen a preview for the movie and thought it looked pretty funny and I liked the animation style   2. I've enjoyed the Roald Dahl books I've read previously    With regards to the movie influence, I haven't yet seen the movie.  Based on the reviews I've read, it sounds like a fun little film but definitely a bit different than the book.  Eventually I'd like to watch it.    As to the book itself, it was a very quick read overall although we did read it over the course of a week or so reading a chapter or two each night with the kids.    As with the other Dahl books I've read, this one is full of great writing and fun artwork.  The kids made sure to remind me to show them the pictures on every page while I was reading and they really got after me if I forgot.    The characters were lovable and humorous.  I loved the matter-of-fact nature of Mr. Fox as he works through the numerous problems that come his way.  I really enjoyed the caricature-like portrayal of each of the three farmers that Mr. Fox must outfox.  The other members of the fox family are great and I enjoyed the other animals we get to know as well.    The story itself is fairly simplistic and rolled out like an old animal fable from Aesop or others.  As such, I think I expected it to take more of a moral high ground.  At the same time, knowing it was Dahl, I should have expected the tongue-in-cheek nature that I found.    As the foxes were cornered in their burrow and desperately worked to escape, I enjoyed the dialogue between the family.  It was well portrayed and felt fairly realistic.  Once they finally had a semblance of safety, it was fun to watch Mr. Fox take charge and go forward with a new plan.    The main detractors for me took place in the last ~third of the book.      First, there is a point where Badger and Fox are talking about the morality of their actions...of stealing food from the farmers.  The discussion was framed rather strangely especially considering the general nature of wildlife surrounding farms.  While the discussion ended up concluding 'well-enough', I really would have preferred either a bit more elaboration from Fox, a bit more debate from Badger, or a general removal of this morality sequence.    Second, when Mr. Fox, his young Fox, and Mr. Badger end up in the cider house, it's pointed out that the cider is indeed alcoholic.  Furthermore, all of the animals there (including the child) take a pull off the cider and revel in the wonderfulness of it.  Later the cider is taken back home for a feast and there is more joy in its consumption.  The alcoholic nature isn't played up exceedingly and I honestly don't think my kids picked up on it (or if they did, they didn't make a point of it...Jason just told Julia that \\"cider\\" was \\"apple juice\\" and they left it at that).  Still, I see some concern portraying the wonderful nature of liquor in such a young, fable-like book.    Third, although we are to believe and understand the carnal nature of these carnivorous animals living among farmers...there is also the strange juxtaposition of a family of rabbits attending the feast.  If the food supply was in danger, I can't imagine the rabbits surviving for the number of days that they did.  This just felt like a strange inconsistency.    In the end, this was a very cute book with a fun cute little story and was an entertaining read.  While it read like a Fable, I'm not exactly sure which direction we should look to find a clear moral.   Obviously we are intended to relate with Mr. Fox and the other animals.  The farmers are presented as particularly odious, vengeful and despicable.  At the same time, we have the morality conversation between Badger and Fox that isn't clearly resolved and leaves question as to the morality of Fox's actions...which then presents some justification for the actions of the farmers.    On the plus side, this book is definitely geared towards young readers and as such I'm certainly overthinking the need for a moral.  The kids enjoyed the story and saw Fox's victory over the farmers as inspiring and funny.    Which is just as it should be.    ****  3.5 out of 5 stars
0671250671|5.0|I ordered a used book \\"The Road Less Travelled by M. Scott Peck, M.D.\\" from Amazon.com and the book was like new. I am happy with the service provided by Amazon and its other service providers.
160094048X|5.0|Great recipes. I bought it to suprise my daughter with it, as she is vegan and I am changing to vegan and she suprised me with the same book at the same time . Love it!!!
B000LAZDQA|1.0|Back in 2007, I was having a passionate dinner conversation with   some artsy friends of mine who are film students.   They swore by all that they held holy that I WOULD JUST LOVE this   indie film called \\"Shortbus\\", which they said was so clever, well-written,   well-acted, etc., and I bought their recommendation (quite literally!)   hook, line & sinker! (-: (I guess P.T. Barnum was right about suckers!)    The next day, I ordered this film from Amazon and couldn't wait to get it  to see just what all their raving was about!   They had guided me to some really good indie films in the past,   so I had no reason to doubt their taste...  THAT IS, UNTIL I POPPED THIS SEX-FUELED DIRECTIONLESS FAUX ARTISTIC HODGE-PODGE  into my DVD player and immediately thought after 15 minutes...  What the hell is this??--NO, REALLY!!  Now I'm not a prude, I have no problem with nudity, various sexual   preferences, etc., but c'mon!!--That's all this film is really about   is shock value based on a myriad of different people of different races,   varied sexual persuasions, from all over NYC having sex 1-on-1, in 3-somes,   groups, dominatrix, and all other manner of swings & things!   There is a sparse plot that is liquid & murky as quicksand and sinks twice as fast!  No real substance, no real story, just writhing, moaning, undulating bodies---  drab dialogue--rinse & repeat. It gets lost in all the sensationalism.  Which I have found to be a sure fire indicator when any substance or   true artistic merit is lacking! They try to have a moment of revelation  and light towards the end, but by then, it's all just so misguided that you don't even care anymore!  I watched the whole thing all the way through, then called up my   artsy friends and expressed my severe disappointment in ways that I could   never repeat in this review and expect to get it published!   They insisted that I completely \\"missed it\\", and gave back as good as they got!  We didn't speak for 2 weeks afterwards! (LOL!!)Myself and most of my friends are high strung, passionate,   stubborn artistic types, so these passionate discussions and   mini blow-outs are standard fare within our circle!  Just like family! (-:    In my summation though, NOPE, I don't recommend this movie to ANYBODY   who values cinema or stories with plots which are well-written, well-told,   directed or acted with an semblence of credibility!  In fact, my friends wound up buying the copy of this DVD   that I bought from Amazon from me for a slightly discounted fee! (-:   All is forgiven now...
B002P4VUMQ|5.0|This is what all true Mraz fans look forward to; another live concert recording! Jason starts off by taking us into his daily life whether it be seeking out life experiences to write about or taking us on the road; we are given something to be inspired about.  His wit, fun humor, and sincerity charm and entertain us. Then he wows us with the show! In my experience of 10 shows at crouds of 250 to thousands, each one is better than the other and all are unique, always with him getting audience participation and always performing at his best! The DVD allows us to experience the fun over and over visually and the cd I keep in the car. This is a great gift to his fans expressing his gratitude for the support from us all over the years! Go out and get yourself into a Beautiful Mess!
0316001821|4.0|try \\"Forgiving Ararat\\" by Gita Nazareth. \\"Forgiving Ararat\\" [[ASIN:0982560516 Forgiving Ararat]]is a unique and inspiring afterlife adventure! The book's heroine is Brek Cuttler, a 31-year-old lawyer, wife and mother who happens to be recently deceased.   Leaving behind her new baby daughter and her TV reporter husband, Brek suddenly finds herself sitting in a deserted train station, not yet aware of her own passing. She meets Luas, who reveals she has come to a place called Shemaya, the place between life and death, Heaven and Hell. Luas looks like a combination of people she knows; he appears to each soul as they expect or desire to see him. In fact, much of what Brek sees is only because it's what she wants to see. When she wants, she sees herself dressed in her favorite black silk suit but alternately she's naked and bloody, three bullet holes in her chest. She can't remember how she died and won't until she's ready.    We travel with Brek as she explores Shemaya, a place where all four seasons exist at once, where her long-dead great-grandmother waits with open arms, where God judges arriving souls and decides their eternal fate. Luas tells Brek she is to join his team of elite lawyers, charged with representing souls in the Final Judgment. As she clings desperately to her earthly life, in agony longing for her family, she struggles with her new job in the afterlife. To learn her new trade, she observes the trials of other souls, viewing glimpses of their lives through their own eyes. As she watches their lives unfold, connections form, leading her to solve the mystery of her own death.  Meantime, she recalls pivotal moments in her own life; she puts childhood friends \\"on trial\\" for crayfish murder, she struggles to accept her parents' divorce, and she confesses her deepest and darkest secret. And we see it is justice she's been after since childhood, that's why she became a lawyer. And it is justice she seeks in death.     Religious themes are prevalent throughout the novel, mostly Judeo-Christian with some hints of Buddhism. Raised Catholic, Brek is drawn to Judaism, the religion of her husband. With Brek we visit the Garden of Eden and sway on the deck with Noah.  And it is the afterlife after all, so she eats whatever she wants without gaining an ounce, she shops without money, she climbs mountains without breaking a sweat, and she travels to whatever destination she imagines. Well-drawn characters from her life and those she meets after death are woven in adding to the suspense.     I thoroughly enjoyed this book! The author drew me in so deeply, I felt Brek's emotions as if they were my own. The author creates an image of the afterlife that is altogether beautiful, frightening, gory, inspiring, mysterious, joyful and sad. I think anyone regardless of their beliefs, can gain something from this book. It's a murder mystery, supernatural thriller and a theological debate all rolled into one. Clever and imaginative, \\"Forgiving Ararat\\" is a fulfilling read!
B002MEW7YY|3.0|I am a great fan of Donizetti's 'Lucia di Lammermoor', harking back to the late 1950's Dame Joan Sutherland portrayal of Lucia.<br />I do not care for the Sutherland DVD of the early 1980's, though, and any one who considers that 'that' performance represents Dame Joan's Lucia would simply be way far off the mark.<br />Of the available DVDs, Jose Carreras/Katia Ricciarelli/Leo Nucci/Gardelli offered a very first rate performance recording in the 1982 Bregenze theatre. Even though Ricciarelli's voice was already on the downhill trend in that performance, she is still the BEST Lucia on DVD in terms of vocal acting, stage presence, and ultra-fine stage acting. I would even say in terms of looks, she had a definite edge over Anna Moffo. The best all-round portrayal of Edgardo, Lucia and Enrico in that Bregenze performance, even if Ricciarelli did not have the high notes to perfection.<br />This is NOT to mention Maria Callas' 1953 recording with Giuseppi di Stefano under Tullio Serafin, which remained the benchmark of performance despite Dame Joan Sutherland's illustrious portrayal later.<br />There is a third DVD of this opera that is worthy of mention - the La Scala recording in 1992 of Mariella Devia.  Though not visually a great Lucia, Devia's coloratura is simply the BEST around in this era. Hers is the idiomaticity, the nuances, the width and breadth of expressions required of this title role. A spine tinging performance in the first Act and the Mad Scene.<br />Back to this MET 2009 production.<br />Musically it isn't bad at all.<br />Even though Anna Netrebko in the title role failed to deliver a distinguished Lucia, hers is still a sterling performance in that the top notes are loose and free, and the vocal delivery of the Mad Scene among the most secure EVER, and rightfully the best CURRENTLY available.<br />What troubles is her characterisation in the first Act.  Netrebko is a trival too vivacious as the Lucia mourning her mother, troubled by her love, and apprehensive of her own future, even though she is very much in love with Edgardo. The light-heartedness as portrayed in this Act is clearly off the mark.<br />The duet in the second Act with Enrico is one of the high lights of this production, and Kwiecien and Netrebko rise to the occasion admirably. even though they do not surpass the absolutely great performance by Nucci and Rcciarelli in the Bregenze live performance.<br />The sextet is the biggest flop of this MET production.  The dramatic tension, the pathos, the conflict...all worn down by the photographer in the form of an aimless busybody.  WHAT A WASTE!<br />Then the great Mad Scene.  Netrebko is great here vocally, but again, not so great visually.  Instead of mapping out her actions with the music, Netrebko has adopted other gestures and movements that are theatrically sound, but musically distracting. If you compare her gestures with those of Katia Ricciarelli, you would be surprised that how much more 'with the music' was the latter's movements and gestures.  In this respect, early bel canto specialists like Leyla Gencer, Monserrat Caballe, and even Katia Ricciarelli, were more attuned to the musical script AS WELL AS the libretto's demands in their portrayals, a feat that is seldom seen these days on stage or on DVD any more.<br />Last but not least, Piotr Beczala's Edgardo is some what of a revelation these days, as a beautifully timbered tenor and ardent interpretor. His last scene rounds off an otherwise mediocre production with an heroic note that should under no circumstances be taken for granted.n though she is very much in love with Edgardo. The light-heartedness as portrayed in this Act is clearly off the mark.  The duet in the second Act with Enrico is one of the high lights of this production, and Kwiecien and Netrebko rise to the occasion admirably. even though they do not surpass the absolutely great performance by Nucci and Rcciarelli in the Bregenze live performance.  The sextet is the biggest flop of this MET production.  The dramatic tension, the pathos, the conflict...all worn down by the photographer in the form of an aimless busybody.  WHAT A WASTE!  Then the great Mad Scene.  Netrebko is great here vocally, but again, not so great visually.  Instead of mapping out her actions with the music, Netrebko has adopted other gestures and movements that are theatrically sound, but musically distracting. If you compare her gestures with those of Katia Ricciarelli, you would be surprised that how much more 'with the music' was the latter's movements and gestures.  In this respect, early bel canto specialists like Leyla Gencer, Monserrat Caballe, and even Katia Ricciarelli, were more attuned to the musical script AS WELL AS the libretto's demands in their portrayals, a feat that is seldom seen these days on stage or on DVD any more.  Last but not least, Piotr Beczala's Edgardo is some what of a revelation these days, as a beautifully timbered tenor and ardent interpretor. His last scene rounds off an otherwise mediocre production with an heroic note that should under no circumstances be taken for granted.
B002NPUCP8|4.0|I have real like the CD.  I had not heard of her but I saw a review  and an ad about her new CD and I listen to the first track I liked so I bought it. I was not disapointed.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|I love this!  It's perfect for keys, beverages (mine and baby's), as well as a quick place to put any toys that baby has thrown to the ground!
B001EYGOEM|1.0|I FIND TAYLOR SWIFT TO BE A BORING POP SINGER,IF THIS IS COUNTRY THEN THEY HAVE LOWERED THERE STANDARDS,SHE NEEDS TO GO,AND,STAY ON THE POP CHARTS,SHE DOES NOT QUALIFY FOR ANY KIND OF COUNTRY MUSIC AWARD,AND, GIVING HER A GRAMMY IS INSULTING,VERY BORING PERFORMANCES,HER CMT CROSS ROADS WAS FLAT,BOTH CD'S ARE BORING,VERY BUBBLE GUM POP,NOTHING COUNTRY ABOUT HER,SHE HAS NEVER LIVED IN HER OWN,SO MOMMY,AND,DADDY SUPPORTED HER SO SHE COULD SING IN CLUBS,SO IF IT CAME DOWN TO IT SHE HAS NO SURVIVOR SKILLS,SERIOUSLY GO TO THE POP CHARTS,OR,ELSE BK TO PENNSYLVANIA,AND,GIVE IT UP VERY BORING
B000VR824S|4.0|Great show from a great showman and his friends, playing solos, in duos, and in jams. This was a benefit for drug and alcohol addiction recovery at the Crossroads Centre, which Eric Clapton founded on the Caribbean island of Antigua. Legendary bluesmen Albert Lee, Sonny Landreth, Hubert Sumlin, Jimmie Vaughan, Robert Cray, Johnny Winter, and B.B. King all appear in multiple performances, as well as rockers Los Lobos, John Mayer, Robbie Robertson, Sheryl Crow, Jeff Beck, and Steve Winwood. A tip of the hat goes to jazz and country, as John McLaughlin, Vince Gill, and Willie Nelson are also in the lineup. Clapton pays tribute to his dear departed friend George Harrison and, since Beck and Winwood are present, a number of the tracks revive hits by the Yardbirds, Blind Faith, and Traffic. Chicago-blues icon Buddy Guy wraps up the show with an all-star jam.<br /><br />Since Amazon hasn't seen fit to post the tracks on these DVDs, allow me:<br /><br />Disc 1<br /><br />  * Introduction - Bill Murray<br />  * Uberesso - Sonny Landreth<br />  * Hell At Home - Sonny Landreth with Eric Clapton<br />  * Maharina - John McLaughlin<br />  * Rosie - Doyle Bramhall II<br />  * Outside Woman Blues - Doyle Bramhall II<br />  * Little By Little - Susan Tedeschi with The Derek Trucks Band<br />  * Anyday - The Derek Trucks Band<br />  * Highway 61 Revisited - Johnny Winter with The Derek Trucks Band<br />  * Nobodysoul - Robert Randolph & The Family Band<br />  * Poor Johnny - The Robert Cray Band<br />  * Dirty Work At The Crossroads - Jimmie Vaughan with The Robert Cray Band<br />  * Sitting On Top Of The World - Hubert Sumlin with The Robert Cray Band & Jimmie Vaughan<br />  * Paying The Cost To Be The Boss - B.B. King with The Robert Cray Band with Jimmie Vaughan & Hubert Sumlin<br />  * Rock Me Baby - B.B. King with The Robert Cray Band with Jimmie Vaughan & Hubert Sumlin<br />  * Sweet Thing - Vince Gill<br />  * Country Boy - Albert Lee with Vince Gill<br />  * If It Makes You Happy - Sheryl Crow with Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br />  * Tulsa Time - Sheryl Crow with Eric Clapton, Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br />  * Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain - Willie Nelson with Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br />  * On the Road Again - Willie Nelson with Sheryl Crow, Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br /><br />Disc 2<br /><br />  * Belief - John Mayer<br />  * Gravity - John Mayer<br />  * Don't Worry Baby - Los Lobos<br />  * Mas y Mas - Los Lobos<br />  * Cause We've Ended As Lovers - Jeff Beck<br />  * Big Block - Jeff Beck<br />  * Tell the Truth - Eric Clapton<br />  * Isn't It A Pity - Eric Clapton<br />  * Little Queen of Spades - Eric Clapton<br />  * Who Do You Love - Robbie Robertson with Eric Clapton<br />  * Presence Of The Lord - Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton<br />  * Can't Find My Way Home - Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton<br />  * Had To Cry Today - Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton<br />  * Dear Mr. Fantasy - Steve Winwood<br />  * Crossroads - Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood<br />  * Mary Had A Little Lamb - Buddy Guy<br />  * Damn Right I've Got The Blues - Buddy Guy<br />  * Sweet Home Chicago - Buddy Guy with Eric Clapton, Robert Cray, John Mayer, Hubert Sumlin, Jimmie Vaughan & Johnny WinterHappy - Sheryl Crow with Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br />  * Tulsa Time - Sheryl Crow with Eric Clapton, Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br />  * Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain - Willie Nelson with Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br />  * On the Road Again - Willie Nelson with Sheryl Crow, Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br /><br />Disc 2<br /><br />  * Belief - John Mayer<br />  * Gravity - John Mayer<br />  * Don't Worry Baby - Los Lobos<br />  * Mas y Mas - Los Lobos<br />  * Cause We've Ended As Lovers - Jeff Beck<br />  * Big Block - Jeff Beck<br />  * Tell the Truth - Eric Clapton<br />  * Isn't It A Pity - Eric Clapton<br />  * Little Queen of Spades - Eric Clapton<br />  * Who Do You Love - Robbie Robertson with Eric Clapton<br />  * Presence Of The Lord - Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton<br />  * Can't Find My Way Home - Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton<br />  * Had To Cry Today - Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton<br />  * Dear Mr. Fantasy - Steve Winwood<br />  * Crossroads - Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood<br />  * Mary Had A Little Lamb - Buddy Guy<br />  * Damn Right I've Got The Blues - Buddy Guy<br />  * Sweet Home Chicago - Buddy Guy with Eric Clapton, Robert Cray, John Mayer, Hubert Sumlin, Jimmie Vaughan & Johnny Winter
B00005QW5X|5.0|Moving, entertaining, bittersweeeeeet!!  This is the story of Hedwig, born Hansel, who got the short end of the stick in life, love, and sex change operations...<br />We follow Hedwigs life story filled with disappointments, heartache, confusion, but never loss of spirit.  He/she trudges through life holding his/her head up high using his/her biggest talent- music.<br />The imagery in this movie is awesome, I do not think I will ever forget seeing Hedwig as a little boy honing his singing craft with his head in the oven, as tomatoes are being thrown at him, or lying naked on the ruins of a fallen church, with gummy bears strewn around him.<br />The music in this movie is also awesome!!  A little campy and cheesy, but glam rock has never been so soulful.  Pay particular attention to the crown jewel of the soundtrack \\"The Origin of Love\\" which is an emotional, heartfelt, rocking song about Plato's Symposium on how we were once separated from our other half, and spend our lives looking for them, to find true love.<br /><br />You will fall in love with Hedwig!!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Although I had reservations about what I was feeding my family before seeing Food Inc., I still did not expect it to be a life changing experience.  Seeing this movie will open your eyes.  This movie is not trying to make Americans abandon meat and switch to vegetarianism as the DVD cover might suggest, but rather it  makes you question what you are eating and the way its produced.  I intend to only purchase meats that are produced the way nature intended, i.e. free range chickens and grass fed beef, as opposed to corn feed and factory processed.  This movie will make you so disgusted by what you are actually eating, it will at the very least make you stop and think and possibly make some different choices about what you are feeding to your children.
076781326X|3.0|Why would the DVD company buy rights to an Oscar winnning movie, only to put it on 2 seperate sides of a single disc?  Who knows, and frankly who cares.  Hopefully a better company will remaster this DVD someday so I do not have to flip over the DVD after 90 minutes of a classic film.  For this reason alone, I still watch my VHS copy of this because you do not need to break the continuity of the movie while you're watching it.
B000002KY8|5.0|I bought this double album back in the day because I was addicted to the single \\"1999\\" when I heard it on the radio. This album blew me away..it was unlike anything I heard at the time. It was so PRINCE; I didn't fully understand the political/social/sexual commentaries within the songs, but the textures and beats and the grooves pulled me in, and I was a loyal Prince fan for the rest of the 80s.
B002KSPKRS|1.0|I purchased Turtle Beach X41 Headset on October 31, 2009, at first my friends complained of hearing echo and feedback when I join the XBOX 360 chat party, then two weeks later the headset started to buzz loudly and power off, I had to repeatedly remove the battery to power it on but it continued to buzz loudly and power off. The buzzing made the headset useless, I couldnt listen to music or use then with any games. One of my friends also purchased the same headset the same week as me, he also had problems with his headset, he had the same echoing when he was in an XBOX 360 party chat and the left speaker had a distorted bass. We both contacted Turtle Beach support, it took 2 weeks before I received a response, then two weeks of back and forth troubleshooting emails before they would give me an RMA number to send it back. My friend was more lucky, he had his original packaging so he just sent it back to Amazon when Turtle Beach couldn't troubleshoot it via email. We both received our headsets this week, my friend was fortunate the new headset Amazon sent didnt have the same problem, but time will tell if it will continue to work. I wasn't so lucky, Turtle Beach sent back to me the same defective headset with the same problems, I fired off a very angry email to Turtle Beach and I will report them to the BBB for stealing people's money with this defective product. I will never ever buy a Turtle Beach product. I should have purchased the Astro A40 Headset instead. BUYER BEWARE!! DO NOT BUY THIS HEADSET!!
0307716988|5.0|I am so happy that I've bought this book. It is really amazing and I like Michael's writing-style very much.  It definitely worth reading!
B000035Z1Z|5.0|Very good, funny, romantic love story. The stars in it are great. Good old fashion love story. You will love it.
B002IVLH60|5.0|After seeing Pearl Jam put on a wonderful show in Perth, I went back and listened to Backspacer and must say it is a definate grower. The following Monday, Unthought Known opened up Flashforward and I was sold on this album. As far as consistancy goes this must rate highly amongst Ten, Vs and Yield.     (1) Gonna See My Friend  Powerful opener but a little one paced and one of the weakest on the album. Sounds great live though.    (2) Got Some  You can imagine someone screaming down the face of a massive wave when this song opens with its surf safari feel. Nicely constructed, powerful and catchy and likely to become a crowd favourite. Vocals and guitar are brilliant throughout    (3) The Fixer  Brilliant single and one of the most upbeat Pearl Jam songs of all time. Very catchy, and a certain mosh pit favourite. Catchy, and \\"Yeah Yeah Yeah\\" works brilliantly. A song likely to generate a new legion of fans. My 19 month old son goes off to this!    (4) Johnny Guitar  Guitar driven and gives Mike a chance to cut loose a little. Pretty good song overall but not quite as catchy as some of the others. Powerful vocal performance from Ed.    (5) Just Breathe  Nice vocals, music and a likely crowd pleaser after a frenetic concert opening. When I first heard this it sounded like something from Into The Wild. A little one paced so they should be careful about playing this song to death.    (6) Amongst The Waves  A great song and one that has grown on me. A surf song but without the Got Some surf safari twang. Is this to Backspacer what Given To Fly was to Yield?. One of the most complete and satisfying songs on the album    (7) Unthought Unknown  This is set to become a Pearl Jam classic. What a brilliant and beautiful song that builds and reaches a wonderful crescendo. Only early days but this song is to Backspacer what Better Man was to Vitalogy. Enough said    (8) Supersonic  A fast paced grower and another potential crowd favourite. Mike's guitar on this is quite heavy inparts but is much cleaner than Spin the Black Circle or Do The Evolution.     (9) Speed of Sound  For one of the weakest songs on the album this can creep up on you but unlikely to have any serious longetivity.     (10) Force of Nature  The Wah pedal gets a work out and this is a pretty good song and consistant with the rest of the album.     (11) The End  Great song to wrap up proceedings. Heartfelt vocals and a song that will go down well live once Vedder needs a rest. A song likely to be played in the middle as opposed to the end that is reserved for Pearl Jam classics.    This is an album that you can play from start to finish without skipping any songs. It is far more commercial sounding than other Pearl Jam albums but that isn't a bad thing at all. This is not selling out, but who wants Pearl Jam to produce 11 versions of Bugs. Hard core fans want to see obscure music, however with their back catalogue this just adds to Pearl Jams appeal to a new generation. The songs sound brilliant live, and with Unthought Known we have a future classic that will be sung with gusto until they finally give touring away. Kids these days are right into Green Day (as witnessed at their recent Perth concert) but why not lash out and buy them this wonderful album?
B00003CXDD|5.0|Love this movie-watched it first so many years ago. I think it was Val's first or one of his first movies. I love this kind of movie. Fantasy movies are the best. It is funny, romantic and you will love it.
B001684L0A|1.0|The camera work was worse than my kids are capable of producing (like a hand held recorder being held by a drunk) and I was very disappointed to hear David McCullough's endorsement of this film. I too feel strongly that we should all know our history better than we do but Hollywood isn't the place to get an accurate portrayal of history. I suggest David McCullough's book, Benjamin Franklin's autobiography, The Boston Massacre by Hiller Zobel, anything the Founding Father's wrote themselves, and not a horrible movie like this one.
B000MQC9H4|5.0|This movie has came on cable about 15-20 times and I have turned it every time!!! Thinking this movie had no real plot and a definite chick flick I kept on turning  the channel, boy was I missing out on a great film!!  I finally watched this movie one night and absolutely loved it!! It is definitely a chick flick, but well worth the watch!! This movie made me fall madly in love with Jude Law, oh my goodness, he is soooo hot!! Cameron Diaz, Kate Winslet, and Jack Black are also great in this movie.  I really enjoyed this movie, it is well worth watching!!!
B002R68U7K|5.0|Iv'e been a Britney Spears fan for 10 years, since the start of her carrer, and there is no way I wouldn't have this collection in my private music library!  The collection gives you a chance to have ALL of Britney's singles, each one printed with original cover-art on a Cardboard. The box itself is simple - made out of Cardboard as well.  The price is over-rated, but if you are a true Britney Fan, you simply must have this Box Set.
B002QEXN2K|5.0|Since I bought this album I can not stop playing it.  I liked John Mayer since his first album and bought all his albums.  He is a very talented singer, songwriter and musician.  His albums, especially Continuum, were new, fresh, creative and melodic.  This new album, Battle Studies, is his masterpiece.  After many listenings, he is beginning to remind me of another John, John Lennon.  The voice, the writing, the meloncholy, and just the sheer talent and ingenuity to make an album of pop music that has finally transended the last four decades and brought back the excitement of listening to contemporary pop music again. Kudos!!!  After hearing this album and seeing John's last DVD of his concert in L.A. I believe he is the next superstar.  Can't wait to see him in concert next year in Chicago.  All the best to him!!!
B002GZQY6Q|5.0|I didn't know what to expect when I had read, prior to this release, that the new CD would be one song ... for the entire CD.  It is one song, but in 14 movements.  They are related thematically, but distinct enough that one can enjoy a given movement almost like a stand-alone song.  But I really enjoy listening to the entire CD together, because it is so beautifully crafted and flows well together.  I am a relatively new PTree fan, owning [[ASIN:B00006IU73 In Absentia]], [[ASIN:B0007XT87G Deadwing]], [[ASIN:B000O75F7C Fear of a Blank Planet]], and then lately one of their earlier release, [[ASIN:B002NUZ93I Stupid Dream]].  I would have to say that this latest release is perhaps my favorite PTree CD.  If you like quality music, with top-notch composition, music-scapes, and overall production value, then give Porcupine Tree a try!
B001FB55H6|5.0|I am a huge fan of Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons's astonishing masterpiece and had been really upset about learning that the comic to end all comics was being made into a movie.  I had hoped that if it was going to be made at all, it would be as the miniseries that Terry Gilliam has briefly hoped to make.  But a two or three hour movie?  How could that take place without becoming a travesty?  Then I heard and read all the reviews when the film came out.  The film was passionately hated by huge numbers of fans of the book.  So I decided to avoid the film.  Almost as an afterthought, however, I put the Blu-ray on my Netflix queue.  Even after it reached the top of my queue and arrived in my mailbox, for several days I avoided watching it.  But when I finally put it on to watch, I was pleasantly -- indeed, very pleasantly -- surprised at how much I enjoyed it.  Was it as good as the book?  An absurd question.  Of course not.  Was it a truly great movie?  No.  But by the standards of today's big budget movies, which are as a rule pretty mediocre affairs, I thought WATCHMEN a very good movie indeed.  I think most of the people hating it do so out of a misguided devotion to the book, to an unconscious and mistaken idea that to enjoy the film would somehow be an act of infidelity to the original.  I enjoyed the film.  I might even put it on the list of the ten best superhero movies I've ever seen.  It may not be a masterpiece like the book, but that doesn't mean that it isn't a good film in its own right.<br /><br />The film begins spectacularly and thereafter slows down a bit, even dragging a bit at the end.  But overall the film does a nice job of translating a book into film, despite the conviction that the book was unfilmmable.  I had heard the standard critiques of the film, that it left too much of the book out, that too much of it was merely a frame by frame recreation of the book, but while I knew that some parts were missing (I did get a kick out of seeing the kid reading THE TALE OF THE BLACK FREIGHTER by the newsstand), but I personally didn't feel that the missing parts lessened the narrative laid out before us.  I loved the look of the film, though it had a great soundtrack (I especially loved the use of bits from Philip Glass's SATYAGRAHA during the Dr. Manhattan back story) and liked that they used Leonard Cohen's version of \\"Hallelujah\\" during Nite Owl and Silk Spectre's love scene when most films and TV shows use cover versions).  And I especially enjoyed the cast.  Jackie Earle Haley was extraordinary as the sociopath Rorschach, Patrick Wilson as the un-masculine Nite Owl, and Malin Akerman as Silk Spectre.  There were a couple of misses.  Matthew Goode was pretty flat as Adrian Veidt / Ozymandias and Billy Crudup was wasted as Dr. Manhattan, a role that required as little human emotion as possible.  I was once again amazed by Jeffrey Dean Morgan, who is one of the most remarkable actors around, a complete chameleon who can play, apparently, any kind of role.  In an age where most leading actors tend to play the same kind of role over and over, Morgan has no type.  I love actors who can continually surprise you with what they are capable of.  He is very fine here as the misanthropic and violent Comedian, the first of the former \\"masks\\" to die.<br /><br />There are many who simply will not allow themselves to do anything but hate and detest this movie.  But being objective, I think it was a lot of fun and a very decent movie.  Perhaps those who, like me, are huge fans of the book and have been putting off seeing the film because of the bad press are perhaps the group of people who are most likely to enjoy the film  I frankly enjoyed this so much that I now plan on buying it.<br /><br />On a sidenote, if you are, like me, a fan of the TV shows filmed in Vancouver, it is pretty easy to recognize this as a British Columbia product.  Once you see people like Allesandro Juliani, Jerry Wasserman, Robert Wisden, Don Thompson,Fulvio Cecere, and Rob LaBelle (all of whom, for example, appeared in BATTLESTAR GALACTICA), you know you are watching a Vancouver production.  You almost never see any of these actors in Hollywood productions.  But they all show up in shows like THE X-FILES, SMALLVILLE, DARK ANGEL, the STARGATEs, and EUREKA.  It is like watching a ensemble theater troupe act out their plays.d Rob LaBelle (all of whom, for example, appeared in BATTLESTAR GALACTICA), you know you are watching a Vancouver production.  You almost never see any of these actors in Hollywood productions.  But they all show up in shows like THE X-FILES, SMALLVILLE, DARK ANGEL, the STARGATEs, and EUREKA.  It is like watching a ensemble theater troupe act out their plays.
B0000CDLA7|3.0|Although it is pretty depressing to see such poorly calculated nu-metal mediocrities infect the band's dynamic synergy to this point, many a fiercely extended instrumental passage and a strong finish helps keep the album from becoming a total mess.
B0013ND30W|5.0|Disney was passionate about the restoration of this movie. The visuals and details of the picture are simply BREATHTAKING in Blu Ray on a good projection screen.  But the audio is simply astounding. Disney wanted the best audio possible for this film, and it was recorded in Germany (the vocals were done in the US)  The original recordings of the orchestration still exist, remarkably,and were incorporated with a 'cleaned up' voice and effect track.  The result puts almost all modern day soundtracks to shame. The Master Audio soundtrack is rich, sonorous, noiseless, and VERY high fidelity... and in 'living stereo'  On a good set of electrostatic loudspeakers (my reference monitors) the audio has to be heard to be believed...   As for the movie itself..forget the kids, every frame is a masterpiece. This is art!... for adults!!
0786868724|5.0|I am almost finished with the book.  It is great.  I have learned alot from reading it.  I have read all his books and they are great.
B00005B1W5|5.0|Captivating. From the moment this concert begins, you are transported  by Yanni's music.  Not only that, but the performers themselves are a marvel to watch.  How can so much talent fit onto one stage?  The Taj Mahal, gleams in the background, as well as scenes from China, \\"the forbidden city\\".  There are many instruments introduced that I've never even seen or heard before.  Completely captivating.  The music stayed with me for days.
B002HWRYJE|4.0|I am a fan of the original Star Trek series and liked a few of the movies.  However, I don't do conventions or Spock ears or toy phasers, so I am less concerned about canon than whether I am entertained.  Overall, this was an entertaining movie, if you can look over the warts and nonsensical elements.    The characters were developed well enough, with Spock being the most interesting and credible. I did not find Kirk to be a sympathetic figure at all, and I was thoroughly put off by the \\"good 'ole boy\\" network that landed him at the head of a starship just because someone in power liked Kirk's dad. The \\"bad boy\\" image of Kirk is completely overdone, to the point of annoying.  Other characters were decent reflections of their TV-show archetypes, though none were especially necessary to flesh out beyond Kirk, Spock, and Uhura.  The Romulan antagonist, unfortunately, did not cut it.  He was ruthless and sulking enough, but in the end, he was like the thousands of other bad guys in most any generic sci-fi movie.  The best villains, despite their roles, should strike a chord of sympathy or evoke something visceral with the audience (like Khan in Star Trek 2 or even the Borg woman in First Contact).  This guy utterly failed to do either. Aside from the uneven acting and characterization, the crew of the Enterprise generally captures at least the spirit of the original series.  The guy who placed Spock is a spitting image of Leonard Nimoy (and a fairly decent actor).    Story-wise, the movie left much to be desired.  The time-travel theme has been done to death in Star Trek movies already; why a need to do it again here?  And it's done rather poorly.  No need to rehash the several examples, but one that was particularly bizarre involved the \\"old\\" Spock actually meeting the young one. I know it's a sci-fi movie, but is it physically or logically possible to meet and greet yourself? Anyhow, the \\"untested crew defeats a horrible threat to the universe\\" trope is the fare here.It's predictable and unimaginative, but it's the stuff of these kinds of movies.    Special effects, sound, and visuals are fine.  There are a few cheesy sequences, such as a young James Kirk destroying a perfectly good Corvette and some skydiving foolishness.  But this is counterbalanced by some first-rate imagery, such as a shot of the Enterprise emerging through the rings of Saturn.      Overall, if you are looking for a movie that sticks close to the Star Trek canon, be prepared to see a lot of license taken in this film.  This flick is mostly about breathless action sequences, explosions, and characters that appeal to the MTV generation.  It will entertain the average person enough for 2 hours, as long as you don't ask too many probing questions about the boilerplate plot.
B000G8NY4U|5.0|Astounding.  No one can take you places through music like Yanni.  The music is captivating, and the performers are a delight to watch.  I was completely enthralled, watching this DVD.  Once again, Yanni amazed me with the performers he chose...truly the world's best.  I was particularly amazed when the harpist lifted the entire harp off the floor while he was playing...then I could see that he had many harps all of different sizes.  I didn't know they could sound like that!  Wow!
B001G7SS9G|1.0|Decent boxed set with good extras, but the digital copy is expired...how lame is that?  WB sucks!
0385504225|3.0|It is an interesting book and I've always be intrigued by this particular subject matter.  However, Dan Brown has a formula and it is blatantly obvious which characters have translated over.  If you like his writing you will like this book, but if you are a bit tired of the formula you can skip it and not feel like you've missed out on too much.
B002WY65VU|5.0|As zombie movies go, this one is a lot of fun. If your concerned about gratuitous violence, well it's a zombie movie. The violence factor is high, but the gore factor is low. If you like dark humor with a lot of violence, this movie is for you. Eisenberg and Harrelson play off each other very well and there's some subtle humor that some may find even more entertaining then the obvious stuff. I had anticipated cameo appearances and was only slightly disappointed when there was only one, but a good one. Zombie fans, eat up! Pun definitely intended.
B0011KQSZ4|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time.  I rented just to see what it was about and I remember laughing through 90% of the movie.  What was even better was watching it again.  It doesn't get old.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Arrived when seller said it would and was in excellent condition, thank you, highly recommend this seller.
044654146X|5.0|This book is one of the most interesting books I've ever read. I had a hard time putting it down because of the information and the well way it was written.    I was amazed at the information about Israel that I didn't know! I had no idea about all the innovation and progress that have happened in Israel since they re-established their nation in 1948. Honestly, I was shocked that this information is not more widely known. It's truly amazing how far this little nation has come in 60 years. They are far ahead of us in so many ways. I was also amazed at how many well known companies have an office in Israel and consider them their best people with the most innovative ideas.     I wholeheartedly recommend this book. It is such a good book and such an interesting read. You'll be like me, I'm sure, and have a hard time putting it down. One suggestion - don't read it before you're going to sleep - you'll stay up too late. :)
B000FS9FCG|4.0|A very apt movie for the current times.An upgrade on 1984 that presents the important message with pieces of warm emotion ie love and music !
1423119509|3.0|We purchased the book set for our son for Christmas. The first set was sent back because the \\"treasure chest\\" carton was torn in several places, even though the shipping container appeared undamaged. The replacement \\"treasure chest\\" was in even worse shape, even though the second shipping container appeared undamaged. Rather than fuss with shipping it back again, we purchased a wooden \\"treasure chest\\" from a world market to place the book set in. We're satisfied now and the books look even nicer stored in the wooden chest.
076535618X|4.0|The Last Colony is the final installment of Joe Scalzi's science fiction trilogy, following Old Man's War and The Ghost Brigades.  Suffice it to say, if you enjoyed the first two installments, you won't be disappointed.  In a nutshell, after years of colonizing planets with Earth inhabitants, the subsequent colonies have matured to the point that many wish to have their own colonies.  In an effort to quell cries of favoritism, the Colonial Defense Force cobbles together a seed colony, consisting of colonists from many of the existing colonies.  The colony will be led by John Perry and Jane Sagan, the main characters from the preceding two novels, who have subsequently retired from active duty with the CDF.  Conflict with other intelligent life forms and intrigue within the Colonial Union ensues.<br /><br />I've read quite a bit of science fiction lately, and this novel is a jarring contrast to one I recently finished, River of Gods (Ian McDonald).  Whereas the latter was, at times, difficult to follow and understand (I would term it literary, intelligent science fiction), Scalzi's work is far more accessible to the average science fiction fan.  After reading River of Gods and Saturn's Children (Charles Stross), I needed a break and this novel was a perfect breather.  It is easy to follow, well developed and enjoyable to read.  Not groundbreaking or award winning in my opinion, but if a good science fiction story is what you're looking for, and you're not in the mood for deep, philosophical Philip Dick, Frank Herbert style sci-fi, you could do far worse than Scalzi's trilogy.  As with Old Man's War, I felt that some of the dialogue was contrived, but not to the extent of detracting from the story.<br /><br />Bottom line, if you're looking for classic Isaac Asimov style science fiction, this is just the ticket.  Conversely, other authors are pushing the boundary of science fiction into the literary realm.  This is not one of those, deep philosophical, complex works.
B002VKE1K2|5.0|After see this film i could easily say without a doubt  i was never more scared by a movie in my life.    I think mixed opinion is made on this movie  however i am writing to clarify a few misconceptions so many people made that possibly made them think the film was terrible     1. This was NOT A HORROR FILM  it was never categorized as one and did not need special effects or gore, the film was if you need to categorize it   more so a mockumentary of sorts  as the characters are regular people just like you or i  they werent going to save the world or battle some undead zombie  because it was supposed to feel like they were regular people  and i very much doubt in alot of your own lives you battle zombies and save the world each day.    2.They intentionaly didnt have a script  this is something i see alot of people complainig about how there wasnt a seemingly made script, and the director said so himself he didnt want one  reasons being  that, for 1, while this film was originaly made just for a low budget film festival, the success of it plotted it to be taken to big time theaters, hence the kids had no idea this would be seen worlwide and become what is it today  also, not having a script works better at believing the characters are more realistic and seemingly are just a couple who moved into a new home, just like many of us are and do these days.    they were made to resemble people just like us   not super heroes  the entire point and concept of the film was to make you believe you werent watching a film, but more so a recording a couple made of events in their home, that they had no intention of showing the whole world to.   or just like if you or your own friends went ghost hunting and filmed your experiences.      3.Childhood fears   a huge misconception in this film is that this is supposed to be some over the top special effects monster that walks into the house and jsut causes hell. No that was never the case, in fact the director   if you look on wikipedia has said that he wanted to make a film   about the childhood fears all of us have had about  the dark  creaking sounds in the night you hear when it is really late and everyone else is asleep    and all the images our imaginations ran with as a child of what is hiding in our closet, under our bed or in the dark in general    4. what happens when you are asleep  fact is NOBODY KNOWS despite what you say  no one really does know  this film is taking the camera and making you see everything that could happen when you are asleep and esentialy making you believe that all the stuff you feared as a kid in the dark   is indeed very REAL    5.Its all in what you believe spiritualy  many people on here are saying the characters are stupid  and didnt get help if all that stuff was happening   well fact is the psychic said so himself that no matter where the girl goes it will follow her. This film can be put in the category of similar films like the exorcist or the exorcism of emily rose  as it is dealing with spiritual forces we can not see  can not fight with our fists and most of all cant just not believe they are there, i think until either creationism or evolution is finaly considered to be the one true theory, then the world will never trully know of what lies beyond this world, i believe there are spirits in the world, some good some bad, we cant choose which ones pick us much like the fate of the girl katie in the film.     so basicaly if you are an athiest who doesnt believe in any afterlife or spiritual forms then you probably will find this movie a bore.    6. Let down your guard of \\" i know how this is done\\" and view the film with the openness and wonder you had as a child    Yes obvioulsy this was just a film and mika and katie are on ET cover now, but thats beside the point the point of this entire film  is to let down your guard of how you think you know everything  and get a glimpse at the possiblity that everything you ever feared about being alone in the dark and monsters under your bed  COULD BE TRUE.    please if you see this film with an open mind i promise you will be scared out of your mind
B001UN1KVE|5.0|Much maligned parody.  Time has wormholed back on it and conveyed the warp of cult status that only hindsight and Einstein can provide.  The blu-ray transfer is great and pops out at you.  One of the best casts Brooks ever put together (especially the coupe of the cameo by John Hurt) and now that the Star Wars franchise has sputtered and limped across the finish line it seems even funnier in retrospect.  I laughed my fool head off thru-out the film and my grandchildren became greatly annoyed at having to re-attach it every few minutes, that is when they even noticed between their guffaws....<br /><br />Worth every penny for the upgrade!!!  Listen not to the naysayers...they're just jealous of the big Candy Dog.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|The cable does not fit on my 42''inch tv (joke) it was so inexpensive that I ate it.
B001FB55KS|3.0|The trailer for 'Brothers' presents an interesting premise : the brother of a fallen Marine takes up with the widowed wife and children. When the Marine turns out to be alive, he returns to a home that doesn't perceive as home anymore, either on the surface nor beneath it.<br /><br />Natalie Portman and Jake Gyllenhall each turned in good performances in leading roles, as did Sam Shepherd in his supporting role, but the performance that most impressed me was Tobey Maguire's. I've never viewed Maguire as an actor with a lot of range or depth. In fact, it took me a while into this movie to get \\"Spider-Man\\" out of my head. But his turn as the returning war veteran was the standout of this film. Not Oscar-caliber, but definitely noteworthy, and he showed much more depth than I expected from him in his role.<br /><br />The pacing of the movie is slow, but not terribly slow. The story is very well-written, and there is some excellent metaphorical usage throughout, but the execution of it all simply falls flat. This movie could have easily slipped into \\"message film\\" mode, but it avoided that trap. We are reminded, however, that the price of war isn't measured in dollars. It's worth noting that I found the ending to be appropriate and satisfying in its subtlety.<br /><br />The mark of a good and/or memorable movie is one that you're able to discuss long after you've left the theater. My friend and I had stopped talking about it less than five minutes after we walked out. This is not a bad movie, but it's just not a movie that stays with you. An excellent cast, and certainly not a bad movie, but not a must-see film.
B002W6Z0UK|4.0|Seriously, people, grow up. Anyway, Lady Gaga's star hasn't fallen; still, I was surprised to hear a song called \\"Bad Romance\\" because I didn't remember hearing that song on [[ASIN:B001GM28HO The Fame]]. When I saw the video, I learned that the song was on an album called The Fame Monster, which I simply thought was just going to be a re-release of The Fame. That's actually what it was supposed to be, but instead Gaga released the eight new tracks on a standalone EP.<br /><br />For fans looking for more sexual tunes, the best example of that is the final track \\"Teeth\\", where I'm sure it took a lot of balls to write \\"take a bite of my bad girl meat\\". \\"So Happy I Could Die\\" is also quality, and the aforementioned \\"Bad Romance\\" is one of those examples where you like a song but you have no idea why. \\"Monster\\" is also pretty good until you get to the part about the man eating her heart and then eating her brain.<br /><br />In fact, the songs I can do without are \\"Speechless\\" and \\"Telephone\\" (sorry, I tried my best to like that song). Lady Gaga obviously isn't for everyone (and I think comparing her to Madonna is a little premature) but The Fame Monster is still a good buy.<br /><br />Anthony Rupert
B00000JLWW|5.0|I thought this was a great movie. Winslet and DiCaprio are phenomenal as the leads of the movie and the special effects are outstanding. Overall a good choice and will probably be considered a classic one day.
B00192IV0O|2.0|Ever since [[ASIN:B00009V7RF Elephunk]], the Black Eyed Peas have straddled the line between mainstream and hardcore. How? Their language and subject matter still lean toward the adult set but the songs are still radio-friendly. After [[ASIN:B00096S3RC Monkey Business]] the group took a break, and will.i.am and Fergie both issued solo releases. While [[ASIN:B000H4VV52 The Dutchess]] blew up, I think I'm the only person that picked up [[ASIN:B000V9KE3I Songs About Girls]]. Anyway, now the group got back together for The E.N.D. (Energy Never Dies)<br /><br />First off, even before Fergie joined the fold, BEP never were the most amazing rappers; still, there are a couple of gems. \\"Boom Boom Pow\\" is one of those songs that I tried really hard not to like, but it grew on me now (maybe it's because of the beat; more on that later). And \\"I Gotta Feeling\\" is a catchy tune that is the album's highlight. \\"Meet Me Halfway\\" is okay even though apl.de.ap's verse isn't the most creative.<br /><br />As usual, Will handles production, but the problem is that he seems to be aiming for some futuristic house music-type stuff with an incoherent mix of auto-tune, vocoder AND chopped-and-screwed. Such tracks include \\"Imma Be\\", \\"Rockin to the Beat\\" and \\"Out of My Head\\". But things aren't much better when they shoot for \\"standard\\" fare either: \\"Now Generation\\" initially sounds like a metaphor for Generation Y until you realize they really ARE talking about computers, and the sexual \\"Ring-A-Ling\\" is just plain wack. And Fergie's solo \\"Electric City\\" features the line: \\"Bitches on my d/They on my d***o\\". Um...<br /><br />Mistakes continue: \\"Rock That Body\\" lazily lifts Rob Base's \\"It Takes Two\\", and the obligatory end-of-album we-are-the-world song \\"One Tribe\\" is pretty okay. The E.N.D. is the kind of disc that would only sound good in the club because it's really another one of those at-least-they-released-the-right-songs albums.<br /><br />Anthony Rupert
6305882592|5.0|Managing to be depressing and hysterical at the same time, this film embodies the word \\"existentialism\\". Not everyone will like or understand this film, but those who do will love it.
B002T45VX6|3.0|Ever since Shakira's English crossover back in 2001, she hasn't had much trouble selling albums in the American market. Still, after listening to all those albums, I have never been able to give any of them higher than three stars. And it's the same story with She Wolf.<br /><br />Now, Shakira's vocals have always had an acquired taste (and she's still a sight for sore eyes), but aside from that, the songs themselves aren't all that interesting. In my review for [[ASIN:B000EQH2QK Oral Fixation Vol. 2]] I said maybe she needed to STOP writing her own material, but it turns out things aren't much better when she lets others write for her either. Well, actually, the tunes written by the Bravery frontman Sam Endicott are hit-or-miss: the title track is fine (the howling is a little cheesy, though), but \\"Men in This Town\\" is pretty average (especially the way the chorus kicks in). \\"Mon Amour\\" is also pretty childish.<br /><br />Wyclef Jean comes back to, I guess, try for another dope collabo like \\"Hips Don't Lie\\", but he ultimately fails with \\"Spy\\", where his adlibs actually make it sound like a wannabe Neptunes song. But Pharrell shows up too -- with four songs in a row; alas, they don't excite either, especially \\"Why Wait\\". The only one that really stands out is \\"Did It Again\\".<br /><br />And speaking of did it again, Shakira did something on this album that she (and many other Spanglish singers) often do: tacked on unnecessary Spanish versions of songs earlier on the album (\\"Did It Again\\", \\"Why Wait\\" and \\"She Wolf\\"). After those tracks is the obligatory song featuring Lil Wayne, \\"Give It Up to Me\\". The song is produced by Timbaland, and you can tell because it sounds exactly like \\"Give It to Me\\" (did you even TRY to think of a new title, Timbo?). In short, She Wolf is an album that only diehard fans will be hunting for.<br /><br />Anthony Rupert
B000YXMMAE|5.0|This is the greatest album of all time and I can't stop listening to it. Thom Yorke does it again.
B000ZELISO|4.0|This review is for the [[ASIN:B000ZELISO Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy & BD-Live) [Blu-ray]]]<br /><br />It is a combo pack that includes a Blu-Ray movie, a DVD movie, and a Digital Copy.  I like that the pack comes in all the flavors of video, and thank goodness:  We only have one blu-ray player and HDTV (in the living room), my wife and daughter watch their movies in SD (DVD) in the bedroom, and I watch on the computer.  I also enjoyed some of the extras that came with this set.  I liked the additional scenes, and the lightning-round Q&A with the cast and crew.  There are also exclusive features for blu-ray viewers, if you have a BD-live enabled player.  I am also looking forward to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal Orlando (sneak peek in this set).<br /><br />\\"A boy who grew up in a cupboard, not knowing he is a wizard, destined to fight the most evil wizard of all time.\\"<br /><br />Having not seen the movie when it came out in the theaters, I was pleasantly surprised with how the movie was put together.  The characters are all coming of age, and henceforth so must the plot.  The movie starts with Harry getting a date with a muggle waitress, while the rest of the characters similarly suffer teenage hormonal rage and sexual tension.  Oh, and they also do magic, battle bad wizards, and plot a way to destroy the evil Lord Voldemort.  If you expect it to be just like the book, be prepared for the disappointment.  However, if you keep an open mind and understand the director's/writer's prerogative, then the movie will surely be a pleasure to watch.  It is a great feel-good movie, but you sort of have to know the entire saga to understand this.  One can see that as the series progressed, so did the dark theme.  This movie is quite gothic, and drips of doom.<br /><br />My disappointment is in the lag time between the books and the movies.  This movie has drained much of the urgency from the screen adaptation, which seemed to have come across as an afterthought, significantly more so than the previous films.  This is the source of the missing star on the rating.<br /><br />For the time being, I will not review the movie plot since there are tons of movie reviews for HP 6 and the Half Blood Prince.<br /><br />A strong 4 out of 5 stars (not fully earning the 5 star rating).oss as an afterthought, significantly more so than the previous films.  This is the source of the missing star on the rating.      For the time being, I will not review the movie plot since there are tons of movie reviews for HP 6 and the Half Blood Prince.      A strong 4 out of 5 stars (not fully earning the 5 star rating).
B002MW50KO|3.0|Honestly, I grabbed this CD because I snatch every Dylan I can off the racks.  I can't say it's my favorite Dylan or my favorite Christmas CD, either.  If Bob was going to give me my Christmas wish, I would like for him to write a holiday album of original music and get Jakob to work with him on it.      On the other hand, there are two songs on this CD that are not to be missed. \\"Christmas Blues\\" rocked my socks.  It's a perfectly venue for Dylan's scratch-on-a-record voice.  And \\"Must Be Santa\\" is obvious that Bob's having a blast doing this song.  The remaining thirteen of fifteen total songs are okay-to-good, but these two make the CD.        Rebecca Kyle, December 2009
0786868724|5.0|I read this book in one day! Just couldn't put in down. I consider it one of the best books and highly recommend it.
B002RSDW80|4.0|This is a very good movie.  The acting is great, the story catches your attention, and the overall effort is just a lot of fun.  I wasn't sure what to expect when I agreed to see this film with my wife, but shortly after it started I was glad I went.    Meryl Streep is an awesome actress.  Her impersonation of Julia Child may even be Oscar-calibre.  She nailed the voice and the mannerisms of Julia.  If one didn't know it was a movie, you would swear you were listening to the real Julia Child.  Amy Adams also turned in a fine supporting role.  When she succeeded you felt her joy, when she failed you felt her pain.    At times the movie dragged a bit, I think a little too much time was given to cover Julia's book efforts, but overall effort is well worth the time spent.  I appreciate the film's originality in that it really can't be made into a sequel.  It is what it is, a stand alone film based on two true stories.  It really should be considered for Academy Award nominations.
0393312836|5.0|I read this book in high school and loved it. Once you decipher the slang it becomes a really deep, thoughtful read. A word of warning to those of you who are thinking of reading it based on your like of the movie: the books is very different. I like the movie as a movie but not as an interpretation of the book.
B002C1BHIO|1.0|Shame on Amazon for joining the Monster Cable club of overbuilding and overcharging for HDMI cables.  This cable is an opportunistic ripoff preying on the ignorance of people new to digital video.    HDMI is a digital standard. ANY cable that allows the signal to be turned on and off (think light switch or telegraph) will work. You don't need special gold conductors etc. anymore than the telegraph operators of 1880 did!!     The bottom line is that a $2 HDMI cable will work just as well as this cable assuming no conductors are broken and the cable is under a given length (let's say 20'). Yes 1080p requires a higher bitrate and bandwidth, etc. but ask yourself how it is that you can receive high speed internet over your crummy old phone lines?  Digital my friend, digital.  I won't dive into the technical details as another reviewer has already waded into that pond here.    Do a search on any AV forum for cheap cables and you will find a web site (or even Amazon) where you can buy 10 HDMI cables for this price and toss out any you feel aren't working for you.
0143113100|5.0|When it comes down to learning the basics of all things neuroscience, past and present, Doidge's \\"The Brain That Changes Itself\\" should be number 1 on the list of top books to accomplish said task. The central theme in the book involves a theory known as neuroplasticity. In a nutshell, neuroplasticity is an idea that parts of the brain are not \\"set in their ways.\\" Rather, they can change, if trained, to complete tasks that were not originally their duty. As simple as it sounds, how do you get others to understand a relatively new concept? Doidge has accomplished this task through the way he organized the book.    The book is structured into case studies, which showcase this theory by delving into different topics such as pain, old age, . For example, a woman who can no longer stand straight without falling over has a tongue insert \\"implanted\\" which has corrected her problem. Why? The part of the brain responsible for impulses received from the tongue have been rewired to correct her balance. It also delves into the life of a 90 year old retired professor who undertook taking auditory memory programs in an effort to sharpen brain maps and stimulate the mechanisms that regulate brain plasticity. After seven weeks, he found himself more alert, active and responsive. It even delves into neuroscience mysteries such as the case of phantom limbs and explains the neurological basis behind them.    I took away one main point from this book, which is neuroplasticity has the potential to do amazing things. However, you get out what you put in. In all of the case studies, the patients had to work VERY hard to get results, which is something that I don't think I would be able to have if I was put into any of those patients' shoes. It's very difficult to keep faith in yourself or technology when you can't stand up, experiencing phantom limbs or are facing the inevitable aspect of life known as aging. For me, especially, when something stands between me and a task, I tend to takethe shorter route, even if it will result in less success than taking the more difficult path. It's especially difficult to accomplish changing the brain because the brain is so adept at protecting us.     There are several case studies in this book that blew my mind, figuratively of course. First, there was a case study of a girl born with a severely underdeveloped left hemisphere. While her vision in her right field is compromised, her hearing has become \\"supercharged.\\" However, she does have some problems including unable to understand abstract ideas in a story. The ignorant person I am thought that if you are born without a hemisphere, you would basically be brain dead. Second, as was previously mentioned, was the case of the girl who could not stand up without falling over due to an interaction with a drug. The idea that the tongue could be used to correct balance issues was incredible and really demonstrates the power of the brain and how fortunate of a species we are to have such an advanced tool at our disposal.    As a whole, Doidge writes the book in a very normal speak way. I'm in no way an expert in neuroscience but Doidge does a good job of using terms that most people should get and he'll explain terms that are new to the reader. I learn best through examples so the fact that he used case studies in each of his chapters was a tremendous help to me, as a beginner in neuroscience. Although I'm a huge fan of the case study format, it does create some choppy reading... one moment you're on a 47-year old woman and the next it's about a 90-year old professor. To me, this is a must-read for anyone interested in the brain, struggling with old age and the theory that as you age, your brain turns to dust or anyone just bored and in the mood for a scientific novel.
B002N1AEN2|5.0|When I came upon this group for the first time, I didn't know what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised after listening to the CD first time through.  The music was in a word, soothing.      The tracks didn't have much clutter within each song.  It seemed as if only the necessary parts were there.  I love the album, it's great to listen to.  Biggest thing is that when you listen to this it seems like it's just right.  Just enough in each song to make it different, but still un-cluttered.
1592289444|2.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book, but was surprised I had never heard of the story. After doing a bit of research, I learned that though the historical context is correct, the events did not occur as described. There was much controversy when the book came out in the 50s, and the story was debunked when Soviet records of the era were made available in the 90s. References to substantiate this farce are too numerous to mention.
B00005A0RI|5.0|Though some of these are Cuban ballads, the overall effect is certainly not Latin. These are very quiet, contemplative, downbeat pieces with gorgeous accompaniment by all involved. Rubalcaba is a pianist whose every note is worth hearing. I love this and have played it over and over.
B002HWUU2C|5.0|I highly recommend this collection. It is an outstanding body of work. A definite for all Glen Hansard fans. You won't be disappointed. Two thumbs up!!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I do  not write long reviews, and though I am sticking to that here, I cannot begin to say how much I loved this book! Great characters, great story, riveting excitement, a little love and a ending to keep me going to the next in the series. Katniss is my new heroine!
0920668364|1.0|OK, not only is this book creepy in all the ways numerous negative reviewers point out, but the artwork is unintentionally hilarious.   The boy grows from a 9-year-old in the 1970s or so to a teenager in the 1950s (soda bottles, a turntable, and a zig-zag sweater) to a man in the 1980s (microwave, computer).  Vile and incompetent both in storyline and artwork.
1591841666|4.0|I've never before read any of the couple of dozen popular Seth Godin books with whacky titles. Not even the famous Purple Cow. So I was interested to discover what all the fuss was about. The Dip: The Extraordinary Benefits of Knowing When to Quit (and When to Stick) or in the US The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit (and When to Stick) is a very enjoyable 80 page paperback.    Godin argues that winners do quit and quitters do win. Success depends on knowing when to quit. Most people quit when they are in a dip (\\"the long slog between starting and mastery\\"). He explains in detail that \\"quitting in the face of the Dip is a bad idea\\" but \\"quitting when you're facing a Cul-de-Sac is a great idea\\". So you need to know which is which. Lots of clues and questions to ask yourself are given.     Some of the examples given are backed up with facts. But at least one has no statistical underpinning whatsoever - a graph showing what the drop-out curve of a marathon foot race might look like (with very few dropping out after the 25 mile mark). This is headed: \\"It's not hard to imagine what the drop-out curve for the marathon looks like. Probably something like this.\\" Probably? This got me wondering about the accuracy of some of the other examples.    This is a book has no contents page, no chapters and no index. It does have sections that run for a page or so, and some illustrations (mostly line drawings). Nevertheless, most of the arguments are sound and it is a great read. You can almost read it in one sitting (or flight).
B002T921AC|4.0|Justin is a cutie pie.  I bought this cd for my daughter and we are enjoying it a lot.  His music reminds me of Jesse McCartney's.  This young man could sing.  It makes me wish I was a teenager again.  Oh well, it is nice to dream.
0316017922|4.0|By now most communication professionals will understand The Law of the Few and know that to communicate change you need only to identify and connect with Connectors, Mavens and Salesmen, those few who can tip ideas into popularity (often unexpectedly). You'll appreciate that contagious behavior of little changes can have big effects that tip into a dramatic movement (the \\"tipping point\\").     Yes, Malcolm Gladwell's The Tipping Point (Abacus, 2000) has been around a while now. It's essential reading for communicators as it explains how \\"ideas and products and messages and behaviors spread just like viruses do\\" (p.7).    Gladwell's second popular book Blink (Penguin, 2005) is a fun read about \\"those moments when we `know' something without knowing why\\". Experts can develop a \\"gut-feel\\" that goes beyond rational analysis. There's a lot of useful information of value to HR people (e.g. about making judgements of people), but it's not essentially about communication.     Outliers: The Story of Success (sold as Outliers: Why Some People Succeed and Some Don't in some markets) is Gladwell's latest social research effort. In this he thoroughly examines the reasons for the success of some famous people (e.g. Bill Gates, Robert Oppenheimer and The Beatles) and others who achieved great success although not so well known. He also explores why some clever and talented geniuses did not achieve success. He examines some ethnic traits and the importance of putting in hard work (10,000 hours to become expert), and discovers that being born at the right time in history helps.     There are ten chapters over 300 pages in two parts - \\"Opportunity\\" (about having the chance to succeed at the right time, and putting in the hours) and \\"Legacy\\" (about the impact of societal traditions you are subjected to). As with the other Gladwell books there is an excellent index and lots of additional notes.     It's a long while since I read a book so hard to put down. It's absolutely fascinating. It's not directly about communication and, yes, I know that research conducted in this way is not that rigorous (although he does quote some studies which are). But it is a great and convincing read, especially for HR people faced with decisions about people (e.g. how to develop high-fliers).   Outliers is strongly recommended.     Incidentally, I realise that some readers, like me, will have sat at Gladwell's feet and heard him explain his research and conclusions. If you get the chance to hear this very talented young genius I'd suggest you jump at it.
0321543726|5.0|The book is very good , written in a manner that any reader can understand.Very good for beginners - written by the man who is known as the \\"creator\\" of C++.
0307454541|2.0|It amazes me the acclaim this book has received from critics and general readers alike. Glowing 5-star reviews are common here on Amazon. I expected a real gem of a book (perhaps a more mystery centric Smilla's Sense of Snow), one that would be captivating throughout and have a great payoff at the end. Sadly, THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO just doesn't deliver. Overlong by at least 100 pages, it is filled with amateurish writing mistakes (exposition masquerading as dialogue, cliches galore, repetitive references to dated technology that adds nothing to the story, repetitive beats like making/drinking coffee, mixed metaphors, etc...). From a first time novelist many of these are to be expected and even tolerated, but not when the book is being touted as amazing by critics!<br /><br />Aside from beginner writing blunders, THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO also suffers from a very poorly constructed protagonist. Carl Mikael Blomkvist is fairly one dimensional. A finance reporter specializing in uncovering dirty businesses and corruption, he seems to have only two notable personality traits: he is conflict avoidant (as are virtually all the characters in the story, but more on that to follow)and irresistible to all women pretty much all the time. Set aside the Eastern European laissez faire attitude towards sex advocated for by the novel, and you are still left with a male-centric escapism perspective on human sexuality. Blomkvist may have as many lover as he likes without repercussions of any kind--and he expects the women to each be 'mature' enough to not care. Coupled with some very graphic scenes of sexual violence and sadism, this book's perspective on sex is not one that I enjoyed much at all.<br /><br />Blomkvist does very little to move the action forward. He generally reacts and always in predictable ways. Lisbeth Slander, the other protagonist, is far more compelling. However, she doesn't seem to be able to make rational choices half the time, while the other half she works with the steely resolve and cunning of a Jason Bourne. She is all too willing to put herself into situations where she cannot win, despite having a tremendous set of skills that she could use to protect herself.<br /><br />The novel is also littered with situations where Larsson builds conversations to moments of conflict, but ALWAYS resolves them with one or another character backing down or dialouge that sounds like something from an HR manual on conflict management. Characters frequently say things like \\"I can understand why you feel that way but I disagree,\\" or something similar. Larsson seems unwilling to let his characters stay out on the end of precarious branches and always gives them a ladder to climb down from. Everyone is just so damnably reasonable! Even the antagonist ultimately is willing to explain their feelings and actions in rational terms!<br /><br />The book is remarkably taught and compelling towards the middle, but that momentum is completely squandered as the book reaches the final and mostly unnecessary last 100 pages. This would have been a great 200-300 page novel. It feels very bloated at 450+ pages.<br /><br />2.5/5 Stars.ith the steely resolve and cunning of a Jason Bourne. She is all too willing to put herself into situations where she cannot win, despite having a tremendous set of skills that she could use to protect herself.    The novel is also littered with situations where Larsson builds conversations to moments of conflict, but ALWAYS resolves them with one or another character backing down or dialouge that sounds like something from an HR manual on conflict management. Characters frequently say things like \\"I can understand why you feel that way but I disagree,\\" or something similar. Larsson seems unwilling to let his characters stay out on the end of precarious branches and always gives them a ladder to climb down from. Everyone is just so damnably reasonable! Even the antagonist ultimately is willing to explain their feelings and actions in rational terms!     The book is remarkably taught and compelling towards the middle, but that momentum is completely squandered as the book reaches the final and mostly unnecessary last 100 pages. This would have been a great 200-300 page novel. It feels very bloated at 450+ pages.     2.5/5 Stars.
B000B5XOSO|4.0|Batman Returns is more of a Tim Burton movie than a Batman movie it is a good sequel you still had Micheal Keaton as Bruce Wayne/Batman Pat Hingle stuck around to play Gordon again Micheal Gough reprised his role as Alfred you had really good villains Danny DeVito as the Penguin Michelle Pfifer as Catwoman/Selina Kyle & Christopher Walken as Max Shreck. Ok we start off with Penguin who is thrown into a river when he was a baby he arises 33 years later & has plans to use Max Shreck for his agenda Shreck has his own plans for a power plant Shreck is captured & Penguin & Shreck begin to work together Shreck's is to get Gotham's unpopular Mayor recalled so Penguin under his real name Oswald Cobblepot to run for Mayor so Shreck can control the city. Penguin tells everybody that he is trying to find who his parents were & his birthname Bruce Wayne sees more to it while investigating the Red Triangle circus & missing & killed children. Selina Kyle is killed by Max Shreck when he finds her going through his files.
0307454541|5.0|This book from cover to cover is well written with a story that twist and turns so much it will keep you reading till your eyes hurt! I could not put it down. You are introduced to a number of key people to remember what roll they have, and with them having Swedish names, some are very similar so its good to keep track who is who from the start! It is a mystery that so many times I thought I had figured out only to find out I was way off right down to the last page. There is always something you would never imagine happening, and it keeps you on your toes. I am glad I ordered the 2nd book at the same time, and if this one is half as good as the 1st will be sitting on edge till the 3rd is released spring next year! I recommend this if you love mystery. It is complex, however an easy read that is well written!! One of the best books I have read this year!!
B001CP4VNE|4.0|Continuing (I'am not making this up) Selina Kyle is brought back to life by Cats then she becomes Catwoman. The Penguin's gang places a bomb on the Batmobile Batman  is then  framed by Penguin for kidnapping & killing the Ice Princess Batman overcomes it like always & during this Penguin has control over the Batmobile Batman records what the Penguin says & later uses it to ruin his Mayoral bid. Penguin goes ahead with his plan all along to kill all 1st born sons of Gotham.Batman Returns is a good sequel it's enjoyable it's not as good as the 89 movie or The Dark Knight but a good sequel. Back in 92 there was some controversy about the dark tone to the movie thanks to soccer moms & I liked the  tone to the movie. It was teens & adults that made up the audiences for the 89 movie & Batman Returns anyway. BTW do some d**n parenting soccer moms.
B00005RHGL|5.0|Tombstone is a fantastic western with great characters, action, dialogue, cinematography and direction. Val Kilmer's performance in this movie was nothing short of amazing. I do not understand how he was not nominated or did not win a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for this role. Kurt Russel also gives a very solid performance as Wyatt Earp. This is one of my favorite westerns of all time but certainly it is the best to come out in the past 20 years. A Blu-Ray release would be awesome and is overdue.
B000PKX2KA|5.0|Computer acquired within 15 seconds and fix established even though I was indoors. Using with Chart Navigator Pro and works as advertized. I am running with Windows Vista 64 bit and experienced no problem with setup or running. Would definitely recommend this solution for GPS positioning.
B001IHJ97E|4.0|Just an observation about the various aspect ratios and screen sizes used in this film (and associated DVDs.)      (I'll confess, I'm going from memory, here, but it's from a presentation I saw about the film.)      Brainstorm was the first film ever filmed, edited, and completely processed in 70mm.  The 70mm prints of the film (and only the 70mm prints.  If you saw the film in the theater, you saw a different movie if you saw it in another format.) had a special feature.      All of the \\"Brainstorm\\" sequences were filmed in \\"first person\\" (where the camera is the character), using an almost \\"fish eye\\" lens (so that the camera had \\"peripheral vision\\".      All of the \\"reality\\" sequences were deliberately printed down to 35mm, then re-enlarged back to 70mm, (to make the resolution worse).  The print was leterboxed (the image only filled part of the theater screen).  And the sound was monophonic, and only issued from the speaker behind the screen.  (The \\"center channel\\", so to speak.)      What Trumbull wanted was, when people \\"put on the helmet\\" was for the picture to expand, pulling you into the screen.  The sound would expand to the sides.  The images would become more vibrant, and clearer.      In short, the folks pointing out that in the remastered edition, most of the movie only uses part of the screen, and the sound isn't spectacular, are seeing the film as the director intended them to see it.      Now, you may not WANT to see it that way.  Just because something worked (and, IMO, this effect worked very, very, well, in the theater) doesn't mean that it's what you want to see at home.  (For example, most people's homes have screens that are just a tad smaller than in the theater.)      So, this effect may or may not be what you WANT.  But it ISN'T an error of the transfer.  This is a deliberate decision which was made by the film's director and producer, back when the film was originally released.
B00005JLRT|4.0|Star Trek Nemesis isn't new by any means... In fact I vaguely recall checking it out back in 2003 when it first arrived on DVD and though it did nothing to offend, the prose hadn't really stuck out in memory either.  As such I recently added the DVD to my collection in effort to complete my tour of the Star Trek motion pictures.  It has the distinction of being the tenth major motion picture of the Star Trek franchise despite the fact that Roman Numerals in the titles used to identify the films fell out of favor at Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country.  Based on the timeline, character development, and full continuity of the Next Generation television series, Nemesis also (unfortunately) has the distinction of being the fourth and final film based on this crew.<br /><br />Released originally in 2002, Star Trek Nemesis was directed by Stuart Baird, written by John Logan from a story initially developed by Logan, Brent Spiner (\\"Data\\"), and producer Rick Berman. The music score was composed by Jerry Goldsmith, a man oft credited as being to Star Trek what John Williams is to Star Wars.<br /><br />The story, though a bit complex for a couple-paragraph summary, goes something like this: Within the Romulan Imperial Senate, an argument is presented by the military that the time to strike the Federation is finally at hand. The Praetor (Romulus' version of a president) not only dismisses the aggressive proposal, he goes on to rebuke the military for their foolishness. In a very cool special effects filled sequence, a female senator arranges for the assassination of everyone in the chamber, including the Praetor himself.<br /><br />In the mean time the crew of the USS Enterprise celebrates the wedding of first officer William T. Riker (Jonathan Frakes) and Counselor Deanna Troi (Marina Sirtis), a ceremony that promises to conclude fully nude on Betazed.<br />On their way to complete the ceremony, the crew discovers a positronic energy signal on a planet in the Kolaran system (near the Romulan Neutral Zone) that warrants investigation.  An away team consisting of Picard, Worf, and Data take a shuttlecraft down to the planet's surface then tool around in a really cool all-terrain-vehicle while discovering remnants of an android resembling Data.<br />Considering the ship's close proximity to the Romulan Neutral Zone, the Enterprise is then ordered by the Federation to conduct a diplomatic mission to the Romulus as apparently the Romulan government has undergone a military coup and is now controlled by a mysterious Reman named Shinzon.<br /><br />Upon their arrival to Romulus, the crew learns that Shinzon is actually a clone of Captain Jean-Luc Picard, apparently built by the Romulans to replace the real Jean-Luc at the right moment. While he claims to want peace and freedom for the Remans (who raised him as a fellow slave), he also happens to occupy a most deadly warship called the Scimitar.<br /><br />The film's greatest strength, were I to isolate a single trait, would have to perhaps be its ability to take the elements that made The Next Generation television series so successful and apply them directly to the realm of the motion picture medium.  A seemingly simple task that somehow manages to become lost in translation with the three Next Generation-based films that preceded it.  Possibly coincidental (as I do believe scripting has as much to do with it as does the directing), Nemesis represents the first in three Next Generation films where Jonathan Frakes did not serve as director.  As such, Paramount decided to go with English film director Stuart Baird, who confessed to having no prior knowledge of the franchise before coming on board.<br /><br />The decision pays off in my opinion as the film is rife with solid pacing, interesting visuals, and some really slick editing (Baird's primary area of expertise happens to be editing).<br /><br />At this stage in the game, the cast and crew of The Next Generation had the show's formula rolling like a well-oiled machine and it shows.  The character interaction is second to none and perhaps even more impressive is the actors' mastery of the tiny nuances of their character's personalities.  There's a relaxed vibe to the acting that \\"grounds\\" the usual suspension of disbelief associated with enjoying science fiction.<br /><br />The visuals are surprisingly low key for the genre but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  The era of the film's production was rife with computer-generated overload (perhaps no greater an example than Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones which was done entirely digitally).  Star Trek has traditionally been a franchise that prided itself on resisting falling into becoming a \\"digital showcase\\" by relying upon practical effects, even at painstaking time and difficulty.  Nemesis carries on with this tradition and the making-of bonus features contained on the DVD are certainly worth a look.<br /><br />In all there is a bit of a twist at the end of the program that is sure to upset longtime devotees of the mythos but in keeping in mind that this film represents the final voyage of the crew, some sense of finality is to be expected.<br />There have been criticisms to the film stating that the formula was simply too \\"long in tooth\\" to continue any further and perhaps there is a hint of truth to such complaints within the prose.  However, as far as sendoffs go, Nemesis delivers with the right blend of believable technology, fiction, and drama to ensure that fans will think fondly of The Next Generation for generations to come.teraction is second to none and perhaps even more impressive is the actors' mastery of the tiny nuances of their character's personalities.  There's a relaxed vibe to the acting that \\"grounds\\" the usual suspension of disbelief associated with enjoying science fiction.    The visuals are surprisingly low key for the genre but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  The era of the film's production was rife with computer-generated overload (perhaps no greater an example than Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones which was done entirely digitally).  Star Trek has traditionally been a franchise that prided itself on resisting falling into becoming a \\"digital showcase\\" by relying upon practical effects, even at painstaking time and difficulty.  Nemesis carries on with this tradition and the making-of bonus features contained on the DVD are certainly worth a look.    In all there is a bit of a twist at the end of the program that is sure to upset longtime devotees of the mythos but in keeping in mind that this film represents the final voyage of the crew, some sense of finality is to be expected.  There have been criticisms to the film stating that the formula was simply too \\"long in tooth\\" to continue any further and perhaps there is a hint of truth to such complaints within the prose.  However, as far as sendoffs go, Nemesis delivers with the right blend of believable technology, fiction, and drama to ensure that fans will think fondly of The Next Generation for generations to come.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Ms. Boyle is an example to our youth oriented society, which is one that is peppered with ageism and which is unforgiving to 40+ women starting a career or working toward a dream late in life (because of it's appetitite for youth and beauty), that age doesn't matter, extreme beauty or lack of it, does not matter, as long has the talent and the determination are there.  I always saw a pristine beauty in Ms. Boyle before her makeover and there too was something unaffected about her, when she went up to sing on the American Idol stage.<br /><br />I remember seeing the faces of some of the young people in that audience that seemed to believe that her being on that stage had to be a joke.  But Ms. Boyle stood there and looked back at the audience with a strong unapologetic attitude and when she belted out her amazing notes, the rest is history.  It was the voice, the determination and the attitude that she belonged there, the reasons why people listened and respected her and why they have opened their hearts to Ms. Boyle's sweet angelic soprano voice.  Break-a-leg on the world's stage Ms. Boyle and take your bows. You made it and I am proud that you are yet one more example, of the fact that there is still so much that someone with your talent and determination can offer to the world.  You fill the over 40s women with pride and hope that it is never too late to \\"Dream a Dream.\\"  I love your voice!  We know you won't quit or take no for an answer again.<br /><br />Ms. Boyle you inspired a friend that I know from Parsons School of Design to follow her dreams. She is an artist of sorts too.  Her name is Carmen Amoros and just like you, she released a two song CD here on Amazon.Com, entitled \\"Journey to the Past.\\"  But before she got up the nerve to record her own CD, I remember her reaction when I told her she should pursue a singing career, after all she is doing this little gig singing on Broadway with her husband.  She thought I was joking and felt that she just didn't think she could do it at her age.  She did not know how it would be received and this is a woman who sang solo with a choir some years back at Carnegie Hall.  I told her about you and she watched how you soared. You were her inspiration for recording that CD Ms. Boyle and she released it this past summer.  She has you to thank (and me for telling her about you).  God bless you and keep inspiring us with your marvelous voice.  You're doing GREAT!o it at her age.  She did not know how it would be received and this is a woman who sang solo with a choir some years back at Carnegie Hall.  I told her about you and she watched how you soared. You were her inspiration for recording that CD Ms. Boyle and she released it this past summer.  She has you to thank (and me for telling her about you).  God bless you and keep inspiring us with your marvelous voice.  You're doing GREAT!
B001FB55I0|2.0|I have really liked the the first three movies, even the goofy third. This one was difficult to follow. The individual acting was good with very nice especial effects. However, the plot was really simple with few surprises and figuring out why some of the important characters were important was distracting. It turns out that aside from Conner and Reese, they weren't. Not really. Then, we have the end. I felt it was straining for some deep moral/ethical statement, but just struck me as empty, loose and amateurish. I think it's really time to Terminate this series :)
0618680004|1.0|This book is written in lies don't read it I warn you.  Read the Bible for yourself before you make a rash decision in reading this garbage.
0061864153|5.0|This book was worth the wait!  Absolutely love it!  Also loved ordering it ahead of time and having it arrive at my door.
0385532458|4.0|although I found most of them on the depressing side. I keep searching for good short stories, and am usually disappointed. These were well written, without the abrupt/nonesensical endings I've found in so many. This is not \\"hometown/Fanny Flagg\\" type stuff, which is probably what I was expecting. I thought the last one, about a guy with AIDS, was especially good.
B0017HEX76|3.0|It would have been nice to know beforehand that I was purchasing a Korean version of Fantasia. Sure, I can add English subtitles, but as I don't read/understand Korean- it's annoying to sort through the options randomly. What if this was a gift? Ugh.   3 stars because at least it works.
B002QGUFWE|1.0|I was excited to purchase this album.  Lady Gaga is simply awesome!  But if you're going to release it CENSORED, it's not going to HELP album sales, it's going to HURT album sales.  Censorship is for Wal-Mart! Censorship is unnecessary, and there's a segment of the population who WILL NOT TOLERATE OR SUPPORT it!  I'm one of those.  Release an uncensored version, or I'll find a pirated one.  It's that simple.  Lady Gaga, at this point, you should consider switching labels.  There's not one who wouldn't want you. I luv ya.
0810983915|5.0|Both of my kids read this book in one night.  This is a great series.
B002I9Z8CG|5.0|A space probe is approaching earth. Its requests are causing great havoc. They can not be answered. That is unless Kirk and his crew can go back in time to fetch the intended parties.<br /><br />Of all of the post series original movies, this one captures the essence of the series best. Yes it carries an important message, as that is the purpose of sci-fi. The technology is consistent with the series. And the charters conform to type.<br /><br />But what makes this movie stand out is the character interaction. You have seen it many times in episodes like [Star Trek - The Original Series, Episode 28: \\"The City on the Edge of Forever\\" (1966).] Oh, you say that was history but it was also love, not humor. O.K. how about \\"Spocko\\" and Kirk trying to drive in the twenties [Star Trek - The Original Series, Episode 49: \\"A Piece of the Action\\" (1966).] Yes you say there are exceptions but it would never happen on the enterprise. What little you know. [Star Trek - The Original Series, Episode 42: \\"The Trouble with Tribbles\\" (1966)] and there are quite a few more examples.<br /><br />I will not bring up all the fun scenes as it is more fun to watch them unfold. There is a lot of trivia that make this film interesting. What I found interesting was the scenes at the Institute in Alameda, because I was there and it is really the Monterey aquarium.<br /><br />---------------------------------<br />Now as with all major and a few minor films, we have the Blu-ray high definition revolution. By the time, you read this review Blu-ray is the norm so I will not regurgitate the technical details.<br /><br />However, you can see all kinds of details as the differences in Kirk's hair firm top to bottom, and someone wearing shoulder pads that are indicative of the 80's.
0399230033|5.0|My son received this book at 1 year, and now at 2 years, it's still one of his top books. Can't recommend it strongly enough.
0972169504|5.0|Jorge Cham has a very creative way of illustrating challenges in graduate school in a humorous, yet charming way. I think that one of the challenges in graduate school is that students are isolated, and they think they are the only ones dealing with a certain problem. When they recognize themselves (and their advisors!) in this comic strip they not only laugh, but feel relieved that others have dealt with the same issues. I remember always looking forward to this comic strip while I was a student! Entertaining and creative!<br /><br />Dora Farkas, Author, \\"The Smart Way to Your Ph.D.:200 Secrets from 100 Graduates\\"
B00003CWN3|4.0|This is a gutsy portrayal of prejudice, ignorance, and intolerance among a small clique of disenfranchised white trash. The cast all perform well, especially Hilary Swank as the gender dysphoric youth, Brandon, and Peter Sarsgaad as the simmering sociopath who boils over once he discovers Brandon's secret. There's a grim inevitability to the tale as Brandon runs headlong into disaster; she ploughs on regardless of the fact that it's patently clear what will eventually happen, and this refusal to recognise her fate makes it a tad difficult to sympathise with her at times. Nonetheless, this is a sobering and harrowing take on the inability, or unwillingness, of some people to empathise with those who they perceive as different, and consequently, in their ignorance, as a threat.
B0008237BO|5.0|this album is the best album by 2pac IMO, and by far my favorite album of all the 1's i got or i've heard.  2Pac simply changed my life, thnx 2 his music i learned english (i'm Latino) and inspired me 2 alwayz do the right thing and never give up no matter on which situation am i.    favorite tracks:  Every Single Song of This Album! i never skip a song while i'm listening to Makaveli.    peace!
0446619078|5.0|I recently started reading Michael Connelly's books in chronological order.  Like his first three books, The Last Coyote features Harry Bosch, a LAPD Detective, who is clearly a complicated and somewhat troubled fellow.  In The Last Coyote, the reader gets a deeper insight into Harry's psyche.  You can not help but empathize with him and Connelly has a way of making Harry's troubles seem very real.  Even thought Harry is on involuntary leave from the Department, he can not resist pursing a cold case from 1961...his mother's murder.  Connelly did a nice job laying the foundation for this book in his earlier work...it is so well integrated I have to wonder if he didn't already have an outline for The Last Coyote when he was writing his first book, Black Echo.  I've noticed a pattern with Connelly...there is always a significant twist right at the end...he does not disappoint in The Last Coyote.
B00005AQE8|5.0|All Eyez On Me is a classic album by the late Tupac Amaru Shakur, even though there are 2 tracks that i really didnt like that much (California Love Remix & Whatz Ya Phone #) i think this is an album that every Hip Hop fan should have. It's very sad how kid's nowadays get \\"inspired\\" by artist like Lil Wayne,Kanye West or Drake, and even compare them to the late 2Pac and to other Legends of Hip Hop. It's incredible how Pac could make 3 powerfull classic in a row (Me Against The World,All Eyez On Me & The Don Killuminati The 7 Day Theory).  thankz 4 the good music you left to us.  R.I.P. Makaveli The Don
B00005MP58|5.0|Follows the book almost exactly.  Liked it a lot, but would think of trying to make my husband sit through any of it.
0765350386|5.0|This trilogy should be made into a movie. It is not only one of the best Fantasy stories I have EVER read, but also one of the most well-written books I have ever read. This should become a classic. I recommend it to everyone. Fantasy fans or not.
B001F12J3Y|1.0|The answer is yes.  The story itself is wonderful.  The 3D version has to be the biggest piece of 3D junk ever produced.  No matter how I tried, move the glasses closer to my eyes, further from my eyes, whatever, there were obvious ghosting of images still visible.  The 3D should stand for 3 \\"D\\"oses of Excedrin because that is what you'll need for your headache after trying to watch this train wreck (yes the pun is intended).
B000YABIQ6|5.0|I love the characters.  Jon Hamm is terrific.  I can't wait for Season 3.
B002XSP16A|5.0|A totally unexpected and absolutely phenomenal album. I was expecting to hear a series of \\"I Dreamed A Dream\\" type songs which show off the power of your voice. However, you decided to surprise us all yet again and put on a diverse spectrum of songs that demonstrate you are a well rounded and truly extraordinary performer.  Susan, you blew me away. Thank you
B001GCUER0|5.0|I had not watched the series when it was on \\"live\\" but was interested when I heard all the good comments and reviews.  I was not disappointed.  I am totally hooked and have pre-ordered Season 3.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This cd has to be one of the best Simon has produced. Susan has such a range and the clarity of each word is without a doubt impeccable, I'm sure her mom is looking down on her with tears of excitement.  I cannot wait for Simon to create another cd for Susan.  I have never felt so strong about 1 person as I do for Ms. Susan Boyle.  I truly hope all her wonderful innocent dreams DO COME TRUE.    THANK YOU SIMON.
0786868724|5.0|If you want to read a book that will leave feeling warm and good inside, read this one. It is beautifully written and Mitch Albom is certainly a very gifted writer who can make words come alive. He evokes feelings of hope and inspiration, and sometimes tears along with smiles. I could hardly put it down before I finished it.    I borrowed it from the library but this is one of those books you can read again and again and come away with something new each time. I know I'll be buying it.
B000006NPY|4.0|All the reviews have established that Adore is overlooked and of course it's amazing, but I have to give it 4.5 to be fair. Gish was a solid 4 star debut, and Machina was a  3 star whimper with only Stand inside your love being top quality. I still listen to Adore on a semi regular basis, especially when it's cold outside and I'm feeling melloncollie.
1401323820|4.0|I watch the TV show every Monday night and found the book alittle hard to get into reading because I do watch it.  Once I got into reading it though, it was a great book.  It kept you guessing till the end.  I love the show and I will read the books.
B00005JPAO|5.0|This is another depressing, yet phenomenal film.<br /><br />Very quickly, you really need to see this film with hindsight to appreciate it fully.<br /><br />The film begins with Tony Blair's rise to power. And we can see that Tony's wife does not think much of the queen. (Her translation of the queen's words would probably not be allowed here!)<br /><br />From here, we see Dianne's fatal accident, and while the queen acknowledges the tragedy, Prince Charles is the only one who feels that Dianne has to be treated with royal respect even though she is an X princess.)<br /><br />The major plot of this movie is that the royal family has an unprecedented circumstance here. The death of an X princess who was popular. Add to that that Tony Blair is just settling in, and he knows that certain parties are wondering as to the usefulness of the monarchy. (So things are unstable.)<br /><br />Without going on for too long, her majesty Queen Elizabeth II has legitimate reasons to dislike Dianne. And to complicate things further, she tries to gain control of the situation the way she has in the past. (Remaining unaffected.)<br /><br />Prince Charles receives gentle treatment in this film. He seems to know 2 major things. (1) For the monarch to survive, it must be willing to be flexible with the times. (2) Even more important, unlike his mother, Charles is aware that the Dianne they knew is NOT the Dianne the majority of people knew.<br /><br />While the movie is called \\"The Queen,\\" one could easily argue that the true star is Tony Blair. He's a competent young Prime Minister who agrees with progression, but he also has a respect for traditions as well as the monarchy. While his wife is anti monarchist, Tony knows that England has a need for the monarchy and they (for the most part) want the monarchy: \\"Spare me the 'off with their heads' routine.\\"<br /><br />At one point, Tony has to (with some regret) 'strong arm' the Queen to take required action about Dianne. Perhaps the most moving point in this film is when after doing this difficult action, Tony Blair faces down the hostile press and explains that Queen Elizabeth II never wanted this job, that she watched it kill her father King George VI, and that she did the job she never wanted with dignity and grace for almost 50 years.<br /><br />Tony also reminds the 'wicked press' that Dianne: \\"...threw everything the queen offered back in her face, and for the past few years dedicated her life 24/7 to destroying everything the queen held dear.\\"<br /><br />Keeping this final and climactic speech of Tony Blair in mind, makes watching this film a 2nd time all the more interesting.<br /><br />If you are a fan of English History, you MUST have this film.lt action, Tony Blair faces down the hostile press and explains that Queen Elizabeth II never wanted this job, that she watched it kill her father King George VI, and that she did the job she never wanted with dignity and grace for almost 50 years.     Tony also reminds the 'wicked press' that Dianne: \\"...threw everything the queen offered back in her face, and for the past few years dedicated her life 24/7 to destroying everything the queen held dear.\\"     Keeping this final and climactic speech of Tony Blair in mind, makes watching this film a 2nd time all the more interesting.     If you are a fan of English History, you MUST have this film.
1433502410|5.0|This is one of the best additions to my biblical library in the past 20 years.  A true scholars bible with tremendous notes, insight, diagrams and more!  Also, one of the most historically accurate translations from the Hebrew text.  This bible is fantastic and is perfect for anyone looking for a true study  bible.
B002UPA4ZY|5.0|This Christmas DVD is incomparable. It has a superb Christmas feel good factor.    Andrea's singing is so versatile throughout and there is something for everyone here. Fun and humour with the muppets, majestic singing with the Mormon Choir, modern renditions of old carols, A Child is This is absolutely beautiful with Andrea and Mary J Blige, Ave Maria stately and sung with such brevity by Andrea, Blue Christmas, with Reba McEntire and Andrea gives a haunting quality, not to be missed.    In conclusion anyone who loves Christmas and tradition will love this DVD and I would recommend this to lovers of good music. This DVD will be enjoyed for many years to come by me and my family.
0316069906|5.0|Eating Animals is a very good book.  It's well-researched and is an accessible read for most people.  I've been vegan since reading Skinny Bitch and Omnivore's Dilemma.  Skinny Bitch suffers from being over the top, while Omnivore's Dilemma is too dry or technical for many.  This is based on my interactions with family and friends.  Everyone will getting Foer's book from me this Christmas!  Everyone needs to be aware of the ethical, environmental, and health issues posed by our current food system.  While many folks will not convert to veganism after reading this book, at least they will be compelled to reduce their animal product consumption.
B002NPUCP8|5.0|This is a rocking guitar player. Believe is a little less guitar though, likely due to being more produced than her prior work. More guitar would be better yet, but still great music. I would like to see a DVD of her video's and live performances ASAP.
B000SZH8LQ|4.0|Corinne has a wonderful voice and a low key but emotive delivery.  I really liked this album when I first started listening to it, but the songs are all a bit similar and by halfway thru I was getting a little restless.  It would be great material to include on a mix tape (I really am impressed by her voice and style) but listening to the whole album in one shot gets a little monotonous.  Sorry Corinne, please keep with it, you have the voice of an angel.  A very sexy sounding angel, but an angel none the less.
B00123KF54|5.0|If you went to college in the 1970s, this album was the background to your life.   Beautiful, soulful and interesting.  Extraordinary harmonies, fabulous melodies, compelling narratives.
0446615625|5.0|Great cast of characters, a Kindle button-pusher.  Highly recommend to a Baldacci fan, along with First Family and The Winner.
B002VKE0XA|5.0|I'm usually more of an action type of movie lover, or maybe all the summer blockbusters, and the kids' movies.  However, this one was playing on base this weekend, and it was free.  Why not?  I'll tell you this movie is a mind-freak, and you'd better get ready for some sleepless nights after watching it! Enjoy :)  or not.....
0385504225|5.0|This is an exciting read, a hard-to-put-down book that I enjoyed even more than Brown's previous novel, The Da Vinci Code. There is one significant aspect, however, that transcends the intrigue of the story. The research that one of the characters is doing is more important than the tale itself. This is the practical spiritual message of the book.<br /><br />The research lab in the story is working to prove that \\"human thought, if properly focused, had the ability to affect and change physical mass\\" (55). This suggests that concentrated thought can affect anything, such as \\"the growth rate of plants, the direction that fish swim in a bowl, the manner in which cells divided in a petri dish..., and the chemical reactions in one's own body\\" (56). These studies show that loving thoughts impact the structure of water and negative thoughts create a chaotic, disorderly form.  The ideas come from ancient wisdom.<br /><br />There is more to this story, of course. There is the drama about what is hidden beneath a building in Washington D.C. It would spoil the story to say more. What doesn't ruin the story, though, is the importance of Brown's research. While some of it is based in fact and some may be simply his projections of possibilities, I feel there is a significance hidden in the pages that forces us, once again, to remember that the power is within us, not solely in some hidden symbol or object yet to be found. What is to be discovered may be what many already know, as Brown suggests, that the power and secrets we search for are within.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|Startlingly good \\"vampire movie,\\" which is really a love story, with beautifully done cinematography. Get this, or at least see it.
B00127RAJY|1.0|When I got this video it was a blank disc-I could not get it to play on the computer or in any dvd player. Unfortunately it was a gift so I could not return it. I was very unhappy with this!
B001EOQWEO|5.0|Just a really lovely story this, but more than that, a really nice DVD package, the extras are really nice and make this special edition actually worth getting, especially if you like the Pixar movies.
B001UXJQHE|5.0|40,000 people gather to hear master artists in music.  Andre Rieu brings all ages together, and they enjoy what they hear, in fact, they don't want to leave.  Andre and his musicians have a unique way of showing how much they enjoy what they do, and they want the listener to enjoy it as well.  This DVD demonstrates how Andre combines the universal with the local -- he is a natural as a master showman. Don't miss this gift!
B0006IIPIK|3.0|Jude Law and Gwyneth Paltrow are paired as a pilot and a journalist in conquest to save the world from the mad scientist.  This scientist has created robots who are overtaking New York.  There is a mysterious assassin trying to kill off all the remaining scientists who can prevent the apocalipse.<br /><br />Part adventure, part romance, part nostalgic movie set in art deco style, this film has feel and touch of the old era.  Although at one point there is a clip of the movie \\"Wizard of Oz\\" which must have been filmed more that 30 years ago.  That confused me a little bit.  If it was supposed to be a metaphor for Paltrow's character in this movie, I have not quite got the message.<br /><br />This movie is cute and unpretentious but easy to let go of once you've seen it.
076532413X|3.0|A group of scientists conduct a cutting-edge experiment at the CERN facility on the French-Swiss border. At the precise moment the experiment begins, every single human being in the world blacks out. For two minutes they experience a lucid vision of the world as it will be in 2030, twenty-one years from now, before returning to the present. In those two minutes thousands of people were killed as planes crashed on take-off or landing, people fell down stairs and cars crashed.    For the scientists, other questions are raised. One saw himself with a woman other than his fiance, and becomes intrigued by her identity. Another saw only blackness and discovers through others' visions that he was murdered, and becomes obsessed with preventing this event. But can time be altered, and can - or should - the experiment be repeated?    FlashForward is a science fiction novel by the Nebula and Hugo Award-winning Canadian author Robert J. Sawyer, originally published in 1999. It's a high-concept book which the blurb terrifyingly likens to Michael Crichton, although thankfully baselessly. It also serves as the basis for the current new American TV show of the same name, the arrival of which was the catalyst for the book's recent re-release.    This is a very old-school SF novel where the author has come up with an excellent premise and sets about exploring it and setting up an interesting storyline based around the mystery, somewhat at the expense of characterisation, which is where I'm guessing the Crichton comparisons come into play. Luckily, the book actually features some interesting and sympathetic characters rather than just author-insertion heroes and strawmen opponents, but the characters are not developed very far, serving as they do more as a simple POV on the unusual scientific phenomena and its ramifications. This isn't an overt criticism - in-depth character-building is simply not the book's goal - but it does make the book feel a lot older than its ten years would indicate.    Putting that to one side, the book is a pretty good SF story, fast-paced with lots of intriguing ideas. One slight problem is that it was written in 1999 and set ten years in the future, so it's set this very year but a lot of the ideas in it (such as the holographic Windows 2009) haven't come to pass, dating the book before it's out of its first decade. However, some of the ideas discussed in the book, particularly at the end, can actually explain this, so it's not a huge issue.    The exploration of the premise is mostly well-handled, although it takes a while for the author to address some of the questions the reader may be asking immediately after the incident takes place (it takes quite a while before someone thinks about checking CCTV footage taken during the incident, for example), and in some areas actually goes into areas which the reader may not have immediately considered (for example, what happened to animals during the event?). The result is an interesting puzzle which the author provides some possible, but not necessarily definitive, answers for during the unexpectedly epic climax.    FlashForward (***½) is a readable and effective old-school SF novel which comes up with a great idea, explores it intelligently, and doesn't outstay its welcome. Those looking for in-depth characters or themes should probably look elsewhere, but for a decent and easy SF read, this book does its job well. It is available now in the UK and USA.
B0000DJE9R|5.0|I enjoy this CD in my car, on my iPod and at work.  The music is wonderful and timeless.  The kids love it too!
B002QEXN2K|5.0|John Mayer does not repeat himself.  Each of his albums/cds  from the beginning have been stand alone creations.  There is something available now for most musical tastes.  If you want excitement, play \\"Try\\"; if you want \\"Continuum\\", play \\"Continuum\\"; but if you want JM 2009, then play \\"Battle Studies\\".  It does not knock your socks off with sustained histrionics (although there are some)  -- it soothes your soul with beautiful melodies and brilliantly descriptive lyrics and amazing voice control.  It explores the dynamics of relationships in different ways and dimensions.    \\"Battle Studies\\" is, in many ways, a subtle, sophisticated creation from a masterful composer and musician.   Was not sure whether I would like it at first, but am now as addicted to it as I was to \\"Continuum\\" and his other creations, and play it continually.   It grows on you.  The more you play it, the more you appreciate its subtleties and intricacies and musical melodies.  There are upbeat numbers, and there are also plaintive melodies.      I would not be surprised to see some of these numbers show up on the country charts (\\"Who Says\\" for example, or \\"All We Ever Do is Say Goodbye\\", perhaps \\"Half Of My Heart\\", or others).    Personal favorites include \\"Do You Know Me\\", which is ethereally beautiful.  \\"Edge of Desire\\" is another favorite. The ending to \\"Friends, Lovers or Nothing\\" includes a beautiful melody from an unpublished favorite of his fans with updated lyrics.  Great finale.  Fantastic finale, in fact.    John Mayer has shared himself and his thoughts through his songs from his first demo, and that is not a small thing.  The music and the words of his creations are his own and mirror wherever he was or is in his life's journey at that time.  He is a one-of-a-kind artist and has been graced with exceptional talents.    \\"Battle Studies\\" is a different chapter of his life and his musical journey.  I suspect it will be ever changing and evolving through the years.  I look forward to when his next creation arrives in another two or three years.  And, in the meantime, am enjoying the most recent.  My suggestion:  Enjoy it for what it is, not what it is not, or what you might have wanted it to be.  Appreciate it as the most recent gift from a gifted musician.  And Enjoy!
1569242739|5.0|Amazing recipes, made three different kinds for my son's first birthday and the party guest couldn't believe that they were all vegan! Can't live with out this book!
B001TODCII|4.0|Well, it is safe to say that this is Liam Neeson as you never seen him before--as a death-dealing, super James Bond field agent who comes out of retirement to rescue his daughter who has been kidnapped into the international sex slave trade. There's not much plot here that's not predictable, but that's not the point of this movie. It's an opportunity for Neeson to play a super-cool secret agent who can hand out more death and mayhem in one day than your typical American company on the skids can hand out pink slips on a Friday afternoon. Who's to say which is deadlier? :-)<br /><br />Well, for now I'll go with the mature Neeson as he sends dozens of Euro-nasties to an early grave in this unabashed, rock-'em, sock-'em revenge thriller that is sort of like the AARP meets \\"The Bourne Identity.\\" I give it four stars for all the interesting and ingenious action sequences but don't expect much in the way of nuanced acting from Neeson who is certainly capable of much more.
B002NXSRVG|4.0|This was a great action movie, but if you are familiar with the comic series and/or the 80s cartoon, you will be disappointed with the differences. I realize that it's hard to turn an ongoing series into one movie plot, or to make a cartoon look good in live-action, but they should have realized that most of the people who choose to watch this movie are already fans of G.I. Joe (and they will notice every little detail).<br /><br />First of all, G.I. Joe wasn't part of NATO or the UN - they are \\"real American heroes\\" because G.I. Joe is suppose to be an American orginization. I guess they were trying to be politically correct. I did get a kick out of Brendan Frasier as Sgt. Stone, but kind of silly. Scarlett is suppose to be Snake Eyes woman, not Ripcord - give me a break...and they portrayed the Baroness as Duke's ex-fiance *rolls eyes* I was really disappointed with Cobra Commander - he looked and sounded more like Destro than the actual Destro character (Christopher Eccleston wasn't convincing). The worst part was casting Arnold Vosloo (from [[ASIN:B00000JQB5 The Mummy]]) as Zartan - they pretty much ruined that character...and those just are few of the problems with the movie discrepancies.<br /><br />I did like the scenes with Stormshadow and Snake Eyes, and even the flashbacks weren't too bad (although Stormshadow didn't kill their master). Their fight scenes were some of the best action sequences. In general, lots of explosions, fancy high-tech weapons, etc, as G.I. Joe fights to stop the forces of COBRA from using nano-technology to wreak havoc...lots of flashbacks for several of the characters.  As I said, a great action movie, but a not-so-great crossover from the comic and cartoon.<br /><br />P.S. The CGI polar bear made me laugh - it's as if Dennis Quaid can't be in a movie with live animals (re: CGI wolves in [[ASIN:B00005JMXX The Day After Tomorrow]].
0316035904|5.0|An easy to read collection of essays about the holidays.  This book was so much fun, laugh until you cry fun.  Because it's a collection, it's perfect to pick up and read when you need a break from the chores that surround the holidays... all of them.
B001I5M9SC|5.0|As my title says, I'm not an over-the-top \\"everything he does is wonderful\\" (in fact, my spouse and I had floor seats at his Madison Square Garden conert a few years ago and thought it was terrible) fan of Andrea, butI have to say this Blu-ray DVD is beyond a homerun from both his performances and the quality of the Blu-ray itself.    First, the concert.    His singing and his performances have never been better, and the assembled stars (Kenny G, Elisa, Laura Pausini and of course Sarah Brightman, to name just a few) make this an incredible show.  Each is outstanding in its own performance, and being introduced, as an American, to the European sensation of Laura Pausini is worth the cost of the Blu-ray by itelf (check out her dress !)    Now the Blu-ray    The production values, both the PQ and AQ are virtually reference quality.  If you want to show your friends what a blu-ray does both picture-wise and audio wise, this could be one of your best choices to demonstrate the top quality.  The dolby 5.1 is at it should be, not overdone, but placing you squarely in the first few rows of the audience.  The picture for a live performance is unequalled, with the blackest of blacks contrasting with the performer costumes and dress.  Quite an accomplishment when you see Andrea and Sarah in the brightest of whites yet no evidence of washout on darker colors or parts of the stage.    Finally, at the finale and curtain call, you'll be treated to a pleasant and surprising video and audio treat.    Money VERY well spent.    Grazie...
032147404X|5.0|I'm totally new to photography.  This book provides some very good, practical advice, especially for beginning photographers.  It's not an extensive how to book, but it gives you some good info how to achieve certain shots.  Definitely recommend it to anyone starting out in photography.  It's not a techy kind of book.
0810993139|1.0|Diary of a wimpy kid? What kind of book is this???. The words moron, jerk, dork are used all the time. It is all about bully, appearance, and pre-conceive ideas that have to change in the nowadays school. It's so sad that this book is sold by school scholastics paper but hey that explain a lot the school tolerance on bullying. Just plain sad!
B002PL8SWY|5.0|Granted, this super deluxe version is a bit on the pricy side, but all in all worth it to me.<br /><br />A very nice box set.  You do have to be careful with it though.  As one commenter mentioned before, it could break if you're not very careful.<br /><br />Awesome book, so cool to get the 3 vinyl records, very beautiful packaging.<br /><br />The music sounds great, definitely it was a classic concert which deserves its own box set!  It's hard to believe that in 1969, Mick said they were so old and couldn't do this forever.  Here we are 40 years later, and they're still in the game.<br /><br />This Ya-Ya's box set is must have for the hard-core Stones fan.
B00005JKHP|1.0|There's no theatrical cut product available to review on Amazon, so I have to merge the two here, as I have not seen the Director's Cut entirely, but only managed to skim through certain bits to see what was improved upon.<br /><br />Of course everyone really should know about how this movie was the final result of the attempted new Star Trek TV series \\"Phase II\\" which would have the Original Series crew reunite with some new characters for new adventures.  They took a plot from one of the episodes and expanded it into a full-length movie.<br /><br />For it's part, I greatly liked the V'ger idea, and the final reveal of V'ger as a force-evolved sentient entity from the old human Voyager 6 probe.  But that's about it, and could be covered in a Star Trek episode not even a full 50 minutes in length.<br /><br />The bad is just overwhelming.  For one, the theatrical version's special effects border between spiffy but unconvincing, and just atrocious.  The absolute worst offender is the Enterprise in drydock, where Scotty and Kirk spend a full 3-4 minutes in a transport moving alongside it, and showing us the front viewscreen with the two of them there.  The juxtaposition is so jarring, it completely rips you out of immersion and beats you over the head with \\"Oh God this looks unbelievably horrible\\".  For the life of me, it looks exactly like a special effects shot of everything, with an old-style television pasted onto the front of the transport!<br /><br />The Director's Cut doesn't really fix this so much as lower the quality of the surrounding scene while darkening the television so it doesn't look so utterly out of place.<br /><br />The design choices for the Enterprise are also atrocious.  The old uniforms are done away with for what someone compared to pajamas.  It not only looks entirely unprofessional, but it's a horror on the eyes that the uniforms are all shades of gray and beige, full-body, contrasted against a bridge that is the exact same color, and it looks less like Star Trek and more like an old post office or a bank.<br /><br />The visual effects is what this movie banks on.  So much so that it's to the utter detriment of the plot.  While it's spiffy to show off the Enterprise, it's entirely overwhelming to spend FOUR CONSECUTIVE, UNINTERRUPTED MINUTES spanning its entire surface.  While it's neat to show V'ger's cloud and the Klingon ships exterior and interior, it utterly dominates the first 10 minutes or so and gives us virtually nothing except to say \\"This cloud is kind of strong\\" leaving aside the sheer idiocy of firing weapons into a cloud 2 AU large, and hoping to hit something inside it.<br /><br />I'm no mathematician or astronomer, but I'm pretty sure firing torpedoes into a cloud twice the size of Earth would be like trying to shoot someone in Canada when you're in Morocco, and firing up into the air, looking to have the bullet fall on them.  While you're blindfolded.  And there's heavy wind.  And that person is in a car moving at fast speed.<br /><br />Then there's the entire entering the cloud sequence.  And from here begins a few sequences that I feel, unfortunately, are shameless ripoffs of \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\", from Spock's spacewalk, complete with closeups of his face and screams of pain that are painfully obvious in their comparisons with Dave Bowman's spacewalk in \\"2001\\", which managed to pull this off with a length that nevertheless was taut, and the visuals were never oblique or boring, as they constantly changed and looked incredible for the year it came out.<br /><br />Here, they decided not to copy the content, but the execution.  As such, we have some five minutes of nothing but the exact same cloud effects, while cutting to shots of the Enterprise crew JUST STARING OUT THE WINDOW!  DOING NOTHING!  MORE THAN FIVE MINUTES OF WATCHING PEOPLE WATCH STUFF!  MORE THAN FIVE MINUTES OF STARING AT CLOUDS THEN STARING AT PEOPLE STARING OUT A WINDOW AT THOSE CLOUDS!<br /><br />There's another minute or two of nothing but Spock's vessel boarding the Enterprise.  And so on.<br /><br />Only a franchise like Star Trek or Star Wars could get away with that sort of total catastrophe of cinema.<br /><br />Even then, those are seemingly just bits of minutes and scenes that don't really dominate the film, but are among the most sluggish and pointless that bring the film's already slow pacing to a grinding halt for an entire period of time.<br /><br />Then there's pointless things like the wormhole sequence.  In TVTropes terms, this is almost a Big Lipped Alligator Moment, as it is something that comes out of buttf&*k nowhere, takes up five or six minutes, then is totally gone with no damage or casualties, and the only plot element this introduces is Decker (rightly) undermining Admiral Kirk's orders.  That entire waste of special effects and screentime just to give us another instance of Kirk being the brash, stubborn manchild who plays by his own rules to the detriment of everyone else, and turning Decker into the proverbial buttmonkey.<br /><br />But the special effects failures and time-wasting aside, the reason this movie is utterly irredeemable to me lies with Admiral Kirk and his conflict of command.<br /><br />As the Admiral comes on board and gets chummy with his friends, right away, even as someone whose seen the Original Series and some of the movies beforehand, you feel completely left out.  Yay, it's great seeing the old favorites get together again, but it feels completely like an Old Gentlemen's Party you're not invited to.  You get to see your distant friends reuniting with one another while you stand awkwardly in the doorway waiting to be noticed.<br /><br />And this is exactly how Decker is portrayed---the outsider unwelcome in the Old Gentlemen's Club, but intruding anyway because he's been ordered to.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Captain Decker is kicked off his command so Admiral Kirk can sit his ass on Enterprise and keep it for himself.<br /><br />This raises an entire main plot point---Kirk and his company are getting old, and new people are coming on to add to their group.  And Kirk cannot accept anyone getting in his way.  He pushes Decker aside so he can captain the Enterprise, despite having absolutely no experience with the Refitted ship, and having not logged any star hours in two years.<br /><br />But dammit, man, he's Kirk!  So therefore he can do whatever he wants!<br /><br />As I mentioned in my review for Wrath of Khan, this is one of the earlier points of the movie: Kirk finally seems resigned to accept that, as he says \\"Galloping around the cosmos is a game for the young\\", and he's even reluctant to accept command of the Enterprise over Spock.  But he accepts it anyway.<br /><br />This becomes a theme that is finally resolved (though rather messily) in \\"Star Trek Generations\\".<br /><br />Maybe it wouldn't have been better served here, but all it serves is to make Kirk into a jerkass and then have the movie's plot and moviemakers side with Kirk against Decker and McCoy.<br /><br />And in fact, this problem of Kirk's obsession, even addiction, to the Enterprise, is only exacerbated by this movie, and finally resolved in the most immature and childish way imaginable.  The movie could have made an amazing plot element by having Kirk exert a dark, wicked sort of control in FORCING Decker to relinquish command to him, which may be out of character for Kirk, but make for an interesting character development of Kirk as an ADDICT---ADDICTED to the Enterprise and space exploration, reaching higher and higher levels until he's wielding political power and cronyism to eliminate all those who stand in his way.<br /><br />Instead, Kirk basically learns nothing, and the audience learns that Kirk should be captain of the Enterprise, now and forever, as Decker basically abandons command by choosing to merge with Ilia into V'ger to form his consciousness or whatever.  With Decker out of the way peaceably, Kirk can just sit back and enjoy unrestricted and unchallenged command.<br /><br />But this movie serves one essential purpose: It killed Star Trek Phase II, and it kicked Gene Roddenberry out of the command chair for \\"Star Trek\\", much in the way it would later do with Kirk.<br /><br />Argue all you like about Gene Roddenberry being the heart and soul behind Star Trek, but quite frankly, even a series' creator can do harm to it.  You want an example of what Star Trek could possibly be like if Roddenberry continued to churn out Star Trek movies like this one?  Look at George Lucas with the Star Wars prequel trilogy.  That is an example of a series creator gone out of control with total creative control.<br /><br />Lucas did great with Star Wars, but unfortunately he was in total control of the project, so that \\"The Phantom Menace\\" was not his \\"The Motion Picture\\" in getting him excised from the franchise.<br /><br />But for Star Trek, that was the case, and with this movie's abysmal critical reception, new hands came into play, and we got the masterpiece that is \\"Star Trek II: Wrath of Khan\\"eir group.  And Kirk cannot accept anyone getting in his way.  He pushes Decker aside so he can captain the Enterprise, despite having absolutely no experience with the Refitted ship, and having not logged any star hours in two years.      But dammit, man, he's Kirk!  So therefore he can do whatever he wants!      As I mentioned in my review for Wrath of Khan, this is one of the earlier points of the movie: Kirk finally seems resigned to accept that, as he says \\"Galloping around the cosmos is a game for the young\\", and he's even reluctant to accept command of the Enterprise over Spock.  But he accepts it anyway.    This becomes a theme that is finally resolved (though rather messily) in \\"Star Trek Generations\\".      Maybe it wouldn't have been better served here, but all it serves is to make Kirk into a jerkass and then have the movie's plot and moviemakers side with Kirk against Decker and McCoy.      And in fact, this problem of Kirk's obsession, even addiction, to the Enterprise, is only exacerbated by this movie, and finally resolved in the most immature and childish way imaginable.  The movie could have made an amazing plot element by having Kirk exert a dark, wicked sort of control in FORCING Decker to relinquish command to him, which may be out of character for Kirk, but make for an interesting character development of Kirk as an ADDICT---ADDICTED to the Enterprise and space exploration, reaching higher and higher levels until he's wielding political power and cronyism to eliminate all those who stand in his way.      Instead, Kirk basically learns nothing, and the audience learns that Kirk should be captain of the Enterprise, now and forever, as Decker basically abandons command by choosing to merge with Ilia into V'ger to form his consciousness or whatever.  With Decker out of the way peaceably, Kirk can just sit back and enjoy unrestricted and unchallenged command.      But this movie serves one essential purpose: It killed Star Trek Phase II, and it kicked Gene Roddenberry out of the command chair for \\"Star Trek\\", much in the way it would later do with Kirk.      Argue all you like about Gene Roddenberry being the heart and soul behind Star Trek, but quite frankly, even a series' creator can do harm to it.  You want an example of what Star Trek could possibly be like if Roddenberry continued to churn out Star Trek movies like this one?  Look at George Lucas with the Star Wars prequel trilogy.  That is an example of a series creator gone out of control with total creative control.      Lucas did great with Star Wars, but unfortunately he was in total control of the project, so that \\"The Phantom Menace\\" was not his \\"The Motion Picture\\" in getting him excised from the franchise.        But for Star Trek, that was the case, and with this movie's abysmal critical reception, new hands came into play, and we got the masterpiece that is \\"Star Trek II: Wrath of Khan\\"
B000YJ85BI|5.0|This book was amazing and one of th best I have read in along tine. It had everything action, suspense, drama, love, political &#34;mishief&#34;, and everything else in between.
160024842X|4.0|The book, or audio book in my case, opens with the death of the narrator, Susie Salmon. Walking home from school, 14-year old Susie is brutally murdered by her neighbor who artfully covers his tracks. Susie watches from heaven as her parents are told about an elbow found by a local dog, a hat, but no body. As she adjusts to or learns to tolerate her new surroundings, Susie's family is stricken by grief and driven in different directions. Susie observes her mother's undoing, her father's relentless pursuit of the killer, her sister's quite sorrow and her young brother's slow understanding that she's not coming back. She's right there with them all and yet so far away, watching them change, begin to heal, grow old and grow up, as she remains forever the same.<br /><br />\\"Lovely Bones\\" is breathtakingly sad, and yet surprisingly uplifting. In the audio book, the flourishes of music at the end of chapters only added to heart wrenching tone of the novel. A few times, I found myself driving with tears in my eyes. On the other hand, I found Susie's heaven to be a comforting idea. There are few people who haven't wondered about life after death, and Sebold's description of a heaven based on one's needs and wants definitely gave me a lot to think about.<br /><br />Having listened to the audio of \\"Lovely Bones\\", I feel it is neccesary to comment on the narration. \\"Lovely Bones\\" is narrated by the author herself, which I thought was an interesting and different choice. At times, Sebold added the insight into the story that only an author could. Other times, her narration made it difficult to distinguish between the different characters and seemed somewhat unsuitable as the voice of the 14-year old Susie. I've heard from many listeners who enjoyed Sebold's narration, so it's a matter of personal preference.
B000MZHW40|1.0|I had a feeling from the critical response and the trailers alone that I wasn't going to like this movie much.  I am a fan of DiCaprio and I actually like Connelly despite her lack of range, and both actors had impressed me already this very year (`The Departed' and `Little Children' also being released in 2006) and so I was at least hoping they would elevate this film for me (although the spotty and awkward accent donned by DiCaprio was even distracting in the trailer).  I have lost the faith I once had in Hounsou, the one I have now knighted Sir Screamsalot.<br /><br />So, it's safe to say I expected this to be underwhelming.<br /><br />I didn't expect to see ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN though!<br /><br />I don't know if there is enough time in the world for me to express all that I find distasteful about this wretched film, and I don't know if I would want to subject any self-respecting reader to my tirade (nor do I think you would have the patience to bare with me on this one) so I'm going to try and be as brief as I can be.<br /><br />The film attempts to shed light on a very dark and troubling epidemic of sorts in Africa.  The harrowing truth behind conflict diamonds is heartbreaking and cruel and completely devastating.  That is lost in this mess of a film.  It gets lost in pointless violence (don't even try and justify this) and awkward speeches.  It gets lost in aimless direction and clich&eacute;d performances.  In fact, there is nothing to commend about this film.  The only thing that is worthy of mention is the message the film is trying to relay; the problem being that it just doesn't relay it well.<br /><br />Danny Archer is a selfish diamond smuggler who wants a giant raw diamond found by fisherman Solomon Vandy who has recently escaped enslavement by a ruthless rebel leader.  Maddy Bowen is a journalist who wants Archer to give her the inside scoop on the diamond smuggling operations.<br /><br />Vandy uses Archer to get his family (war torn) while Archer uses Vandy to get the stone while Dowen uses Archer to get her story.<br /><br />The film isn't quite certain where it wants to be.  I remember similar issues with `Beyond Borders' and I see a similarity here (although that film is far from this horrible).  The film is essentially a mindless action film that decides to (awkwardly) insert messages of enlightenment to the viewer.  In between countless scenes of bloodshed and screaming there is a fact driven monologue of how these stones are transported, and then there is more screaming and bullets.  The film opens with violence and it ends with it.  I remember looking at my wife and rolling my eyes about halfway through the film because it seemed as though no one could get through a single conversation without dodging a bullet.  It was relentless and it took away HEAVILY from the films core.<br /><br />I also felt that the interactions between characters felt forced and unnatural.  This is a result of poor scripting (the definition of POOR!), but it is also a direct result of lazy acting.  The standout here is Hounsou, and not in a good way.  His idea of acting is a simplistic approach.  When he is sad is cries.  When he is angry he screams.  When he is happy he smiles.  That is all.  Apparently he is mad a lot because all he does here is SCREAM, SCREAM, SCREAM.  It is so over-the-top and irritatingly ridiculous.  DiCaprio suffers from an awkward accent and insufferable dialog (I mean \\"bling bang\\"?  Really?) but he actually portrays the emotions correctly (and I was happy that he remained selfish throughout most of the film).  Connelly is a boring stereotype here, enough said.<br /><br />The script was just a hodgepodge of unrealistic encounters and scattered bullet fire.  The way Archer approaches Vandy, the way Vandy jeopardizes his life and the life of his son MORE THAN ONCE, the way Bowen chokes up on the phone...it ALL READS FALSE and ridiculously manipulative.<br /><br />The only (small) redeeming factor (no redemption really, just a well played part) is anything involving Kagiso Kuypers, who plays Dia, Vandy's missing son.  His scenes are a powerful testament to the darkness that engulfs this epidemic.  Sadly, his scenes are few and his presence is masked heavily by the horrific direction taken by Edward Zwick, whose haphazard vision single handedly botched what could have been a somewhat intelligent feature film.<br /><br />So, yes, this is a mess...a horrible mess that I would never wish upon anyone, even my worst enemies.ng Kagiso Kuypers, who plays Dia, Vandy's missing son.  His scenes are a powerful testament to the darkness that engulfs this epidemic.  Sadly, his scenes are few and his presence is masked heavily by the horrific direction taken by Edward Zwick, whose haphazard vision single handedly botched what could have been a somewhat intelligent feature film.    So, yes, this is a mess...a horrible mess that I would never wish upon anyone, even my worst enemies.
B002NXSRVG|3.0|Decent Movie. seems like the actors have never acted before. Also seems too slow and ju bled of a movie story, thats supposed to be based off the cartoon. If not for the action scenes, this could have went straight to DVD/bluray. Do movies go straight to Bluray or am I over stepping my bounds? Anyway, better as a rent than a buy.
B002VECM36|3.0|It's safe to say that \\"Ninja Assassin\\" won't win anything come award time but that doesn't mean it's not worth watching. Especially if you're into blood soaked martial arts films. The plot, in a nutshell is a rouge ninja named Razio faces off against his former clan after he refuses to follow their code of emotionless cold blooded murder. Elsewhere, a pretty, young Europol agent named Mika investigates the murder of a Russian diplomat and suspects ninja involvement, Ninja's that happen to be Razio's former clan. Needless to say, said ninjas don't like her meddling in their affairs and set out to take her out of the picture. Razio catches wind of thieir plans and uses it as an opportunity to sever some heads and act as Mika's personal bodyguard. As the ninja's attacks increase, Razio and Mika join forces to keep each other alive and to take the clan down once and for all. \\"Ninja Assassin\\" seems to take itself seriously but more often to than not it comes off as an action/comedy. When you watch ninjas fighting in the streets of Berlin as terrified Germans in their Volkswagen try desperately to swerve out of the way, you can't help but laugh out loud. The acting is pretty bad though \\"Rain\\" does a decent job playing the stoic ninja Razio. The best performance is by Razio's master and clan leader. He has a very interesting voice and his presence on screen demands attention. \\"Ninja Assassin\\" in a very pretty movie. The flight scenes in the rain and in the burning dojo are pure eye candy. The CGI inserted blood splatters help the fight scenes the same way they helped \\"300\\" so cool(and this movie is bloooooody). Basically, the movie excels at what it's meant to be, and that's an entertaining, ultra-violent slug fest and comes up short in the acting department. If you love action or more precisely martial art action, Ninja Assassin has what you're looking for in aces!
0385504225|1.0|No character development, plot moves forward only through coincidence, a vehicle for Brown`s pontificating and self-aggrandizement of his personal philosophies.      Where was the editor? Book could have been half its length.    A one-star rating is a gift.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|After viewing the movie that bears the same name of this Cd, I understand why this musical genius needed help sleeping at night. The stuff that he had to keep in his head for this upcoming concert would keep most people tossing and turning with this type of stress. In the movie I think he was in total control of his surroundings, and made sure everyone knew he was the boss, and wanted it to be as perfect as possible for the fans. I rate this Cd very highly because this is considered his final work. If you haven't seen this movie make sure you check it out, when it comes out on DVD. The Cd is a wonderful addition to any collection.
0439813786|5.0|This is an excellent novel. It is about 500 pages but half of it is pictures.<br /><br />It goes by real fast and is well worth the read. Reminds me of when I was a kid...<br /><br />I would recommend renting rather than buying (unless you have children I suppose).
B001AQTWF2|4.0|it's a shame that she lost her powerful voice that she was once known for. poor soul. how does one go from whitney houston to mary j. blige. even though this album falls short from her first two albums, it's nice to see her getting her life back together and she looks great. Some of the songs are good and do kinda remind me of My Love Is Your Love era and I do enjoy listening to them, but I found I Look To You to be bland. it has great lyrics but the piano sounds lifeless and dull. i'm happy that her new album is having great success, she's been through so much. good for her.<br /><br />TOP 5:<br /><br />1) Like I Never Left-best song on the album, imo. her and akon sound great together. it's a nice comeback song.<br /><br />2) Million Dollar Bill-it has an old school/70s sound to it. nice<br /><br />3) I Didn't Know My Own Strength- sounds kinda similar to I LOOK To You, but I like this one better.<br /><br />4) Nothin But Love-i like how she's givin shoutouts to people who had supported her and the ones that had bring her down.<br /><br />5) Salute-great song.<br /><br />Honorable Mention: I Got You
1573228737|4.0|Tonight I will sleep fitfully, haunted more by a young spiritualist than by her spirits.  Artfully crafted, using imagery that springs to mind so vividly one would think it a memory, Sarah Waters has fashioned yet another masterpiece.    The year is 1874.  Selina Dawes, a mysterious and powerful young spirit-medium is imprisoned in a monstrous and daunting women's gaol, Millbank.  Jailed after a botched spirit-communication lead to the death of her patron, Selina is visited by no one but her spirit friends until a local mistress comes to visit the prisoners.    The visitor, Margaret Prior, is a young lady of London, highly educated and brought up as assistant to her late father, an arts professor.   Despairing his absence from her life, Margaret travels about in something of haze--looking for something she knows not what.  When she encounters Dawes, Margaret is simultaneously scared witless by the girl and entranced by her power.  The women's relationship builds with Margaret learning more about Dawes from newspapers and first hand accounts, than from her fleeting and bewildering encounters with Selina.    Interspersed with short journal entries from Selina's days as a burgeoning spirit-medium conducting séances, the story follows Margaret's research as she seeks to uncover the mystery of Selina's past, her powers, and why she is so affected by her.  Although the reader is not privy to Selina's current thoughts, her journal entries, coupled with her unexplainable powers and knowledge of the spirit realm make her enticing and irresistible.  In stark and painful contrast to her exciting prison visits, Margaret's everyday life unfortunately is constantly rearing its ugly head.  Her sister is getting married and the preparations fill her days with a dreary stupor.    Although Affinity could hardly be called frightening, it is nevertheless haunting.  Descriptions of landscapes, buildings, rooms, etc. feel so intensely ominous that they end up being far scarier than accounts of the spirit encounters.  Affinity's characters can be trusted to illicit your empathy, pity, sorrow, hatred, wonder, love and lust (and in my cast jealousy).  Being at once a tale of impropriety and youthful indiscretion between girls, and a bildungsroman of Margaret's spiritual and sexual development, one cannot but feel compassion toward its struggling young lovers.
B002PMPTIO|3.0|As a generic action movie, this one is pretty good.  Everything is fast, everything is urgent, everything blows up in spectacular detail, and bits of comedy lighten it up.  It's Transformers but scoring a few points higher on the IQ scale.  That said, being a little smarter than Transformers doesn't do justice to Gene Roddenberry's world.  Characters are shallow and petty, action scenes are comically exaggerated, the plot is full of holes, and props are so inconsistent that it's distracting.  Too often a bad character portrayal (bumbling idiot Scotty and his anthropomorphic sidekick as comic relief) or a bad prop (concrete walls in the Enterprise) jolted me out of the weak grip that the story held.
B001AVCFK6|3.0|I am a TOS Trekker to my soul, and like my brethren, I was devastated to see Spock's mother actually die, to see the planet Vulcan destroyed right before my eyes, and to see the Enterprise's nacelles with hips!  There I was... mouth gaped open, hoping for a paramedic to yell \\"Clear\\" and hit me with the paddles!  I realize that all will be explained away via the alternate timeline theory, and while I consider that to be somewhat of a cop out, I will accept it.    But that's not what my review is about.  I gave 3 stars, and my exact reasons are 1 star for young Spock and 2 stars for young Bones (should be 5-Stars). I was violently dish ragged by the plot, but in my opinion, there were 2 brilliant silver linings!  If someone were to have a contest on how well the new actors portrayed the actual TOS actors and characters, I would rate them as follows:    I couldn't really feel Uhura (Saldana), Sulu (Chow) or Chekov (Yelchin).    I could feel Scotty's (Pegg) voice and temperament, but visually it was a stretch.    Chris Pine did a good job, but I feel a little picky to say he wasn't quite there.  His brashness, and willingness to engage did seem right, so I actually don't know what was missing?  But there was a little something missing!    Young Spock (Quinto) was just plain perfect, as well as the very young Spock (maybe 10 years old Jacob Kogan).    However, I was prompted to write this review, because every time the Paramedics failed me, the young Bones McCoy (Karl Urban) absolutely saved me.  There were certain shots and angles when I had to simply blink... and reset my brain!  With all the talk about time travel, I could have sworn that DeForest Kelley (God rest his soul) had a twin who had used a time machine.  Even his voice sounded right!  I had to blink again!  I felt as if Urban had actually studied every TOS episode with Bones in it, and really, really did everything he could to fulfill his character!  I could easily see the young McCoy age into the real McCoy!    Quinto and Kogan were simply perfect as Spock, but Urban was absolutely outstanding!  Every time the movie started feeling a little non-Trek, those 3 guys froze me to my seat.  I'd give pine 75 points.  I'd give Quinto and Kogan 100 points, and I'd give Urban four point seven trillion points for a job well done, and thoroughly blowing me away!
1401323820|5.0|If you are a fan of the show, you will be able to hear the sarcasm and wit with the characters. I just wish it was longer, I hated for it to end.
B002NXSRVG|4.0|I grew up with G.I Joe on T.V and the toys my brothers had laying all over. I am somewhat familiar with the characters, not much about their background in the series. It's awesome that they finally made a movie that was action pack and had alot going on. I did however get confused by the Zartan character and was disappointed to see Cobra Commander put to shame like he was. However, this movie for the new generation,(who hasn't seen the original series) will be awe at the special effects and cool gadgets. I would recommend buying this movie for movie collectors, but for the Die hard Joe fans I am sure they we're disappointed.
0143114085|4.0|No one believes Alice when she insists that baby Florence has been swapped. But when Alice and Florence, or Little Face as she's been nicknamed since the incident, go missing just a week later, Detective Simon Waterhouse is on the case.<br /><br />This first in the Simon Waterhouse, Charlie Zailer series, is a suspenseful read that brings to mind Ruth Rendell and Minette Walters. With such huge authors as comparison, I think that Hannah does a great job of weaving an interesting story that really makes the reader wonder who is telling the truth.<br /><br />Overall, a very good read for fans of the genre. Definitely will be reading more of Hannah's work in the future.
B001AVCFK6|2.0|The first five minutes are terrific, and I thought to myself, \\"This movie has no business being this good.\\" And guess what -- it isn't. Right after that we get a cute little kid driving a fast car, and from there it hardly ever gets any smarter. Great look, great effects (and the Blu-ray looks vivid and sharp), but what was the story again? Oh yeah - we're putting the band back together, and there's a big ugly ship we have to go blow up, because it's already blown up our ships, and a planet too. And it came from the future through a black hole - though that really doesn't matter (because in a movie, evil ships can come from anywhere). Except that the half-assed time travel and alternate universe hooks do give us a convenient excuse to take our Muppet Babies characters and file them down to the most rudimentary clichés (e.g. Kirk is a passionate human, so he rides a motorcycle, get in barfights, and sleeps with any random green-skinned slut he can bed down), and then claim that they were \\"reimagined.\\" Bring these clowns together by a series of stupid coincidences, and what do you have? High-priced crap.     I'm no pointy-eared conventioneer, but this made me feel sorry for what the show originally was.
055357342X|5.0|What can be said that hasn't been said already?  Even so, I feel like throwing my two cents into the pot: this is the best of the series so far (out of the four books available as of this writing).  I absolutely loved it, as well as the rest of the series, but this is the crowning achievement in my opinion.  The finale to this epic novel was amazing.
B00260HH3K|2.0|I approached the film Dragonball with no preconception of the Dragonball franchise, and evaluated it as a film.  American teenager Goku is depicted as an outcast of sorts in high school, for his unusual background (lives with asian grandpa, rides a scooter when everyone else has a car, etc.).  And he is head over heels for a asian girl named Chi-Chi.  Basically, you need to approach the film as a typical boy-saves-the-world kind of film, that just happened to have names and backdrop of the Dragonball manga/anime franchise.<br /><br />Another way of looking at the film is that it became \\"Americanized.\\"  It's not an unusual approach.  For example, the anime show Cardcaptor Sakura was shown on TV years ago, in English track, with Americanized names and dialogue.  I think Twentieth Century Fox, the movie studio that produced this film, figured that having an Americanized version of Dragonball as a film would be profitable, and draw consumer interest from fans of the anime/manga franchise.  Of course, interest was drawn, along with boos and bad reviews from disappointed fans over this Americanization.<br /><br />The film itself is mediocre.  I don't think the plot was fleshed out enough to create a decent story.  Goku basically goes from one quest to another, in search for all seven Dragonballs, and defeat Piccolo.  The director tries to make the film interesting with all the fight scenes, and special effects.  But the fight sequences seem to stutter in a go-and-halt like fashion, rather than run smoothly.  Compare the fight scenes in this film with that of Mortal Combat, for example, and you'll see exactly what I mean.<br /><br />In my view, Dragaonball: Evolution is not the worst film of the year, as many reviewers proclaim in their reviews here.  But it is certainly a disappointing one.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I have never been a Huge fan of Star Trek. I did like the Next Generation movies. I went to the movies to see this movie and this version is good for anyone, fan or not. I highly recommend this movie for any collection.
184212675X|2.0|Marcus Aurelius was Roman emperor from AD 161 to AD 180. Edward Gibbon regarded him as the last of the \\"five good emperors\\". Marcus was succeeded on the throne by his son Commodus, commonly regarded as a tyrant. Indeed, Commodus was one of the few Roman emperors denied the posthumous honour of deification. It seems the proverb \\"like father like son\\" wasn't true in this case.<br /><br />The primary reason for the good reputation of Marcus Aurelius is his philosophical work \\"Meditations\\". It's still considered a classic of world literature. Indeed, Marcus Aurelius is sometimes cast as a philosopher-king, a person who accomplished what Plato assumed was impossible (or at least highly improbable).<br /><br />In reality, Marcus Aurelius seems to have been a pretty average Roman emperor. He carried out the usual wars against Parthians and Germanic \\"barbarians\\", persecuted Christians and even fought a short civil war against an imperial pretender. \\"Meditations\\" was written in Carnuntum and close to the river Hron during the Marcomannic wars.<br /><br />What really struck me when reading \\"Meditations\\", however, was the depressive, pessimistic and downright morbid character of the last good emperor's philosophy. How many people who pay tribute to this work have actually read it? Marcus Aurelius sounds like the Buddha on a really bad day! The emperor, of course, was a Stoic. Well, I'm not.<br /><br />The Stoic philosophy of Marcus claims that everything that happens, including evil and suffering, is for a good cause. Evil and suffering have always existed and will always exist. Fighting it is therefore meaningless. It's part of Nature and probably serves a higher good. (Although Marcus cannot really say what this \\"higher good\\" might be.) Soon, we will all be dead anyway, so why bother about evil, suffering and other trifles of life? Life will always be as bad as it is today, so we won't miss anything if we die prematurely. Besides, the dead can't feel anything, so what's the point of fearing death? We either disintegrate into atoms, or are reincarnated in a life similar to this one, or are transformed into something higher. Either way, there is nothing to worry about. At one point, Marcus exclaims that no evil can hurt the community, and since the community cannot be hurt, why should evil bother him?<br /><br />Because he's emperor...?<br /><br />Imagine being ruled by an autocrat who believes that he doesn't have to bother about evil in the community!<br /><br />Naturally, there is an unhealthy ascetic streak in \\"Meditations\\" as well. Sex is meaningless, eating good food is like feeding on carrion, even philosophy itself is bad if you indulge yourself too much in it.<br /><br />True, this Stoic ethos of living your life like an unperturbed marble statue is to some extent mitigated by an emphasis on treating others with love, kindness and justice, including people who don't really deserve it (they just don't know better and should therefore be pitied rather than condemned). This is presumably the part that commends \\"Meditations\\" to Christians, who long admired the work.<br /><br />In general, however, I can't say I was thrilled by \\"Meditations\\". Frankly, I stopped reading it after a little over 100 pages. There is something hypocritical about a powerful emperor saying that nothing can be done about our predicament. Nor do I think that a consistent Stoic can become a very likable person. Occasionally, Caesar Marcus Aurelius sounds a bit clinical. He needs to get out more, I think.<br /><br />I always wondered why the good Marcus Aurelius had such a bad son. I think I finally got it. I mean, it can't be easy having a father who actually believes the contents of his own Stoic meditations.<br /><br />Small wonder Commodus snapped.h? We either disintegrate into atoms, or are reincarnated in a life similar to this one, or are transformed into something higher. Either way, there is nothing to worry about. At one point, Marcus exclaims that no evil can hurt the community, and since the community cannot be hurt, why should evil bother him?     Because he´s emperor...?     Imagine being ruled by an autocrat who believes that he doesn´t have to bother about evil in the community!     Naturally, there is an unhealthy ascetic streak in \\"Meditations\\" as well. Sex is meaningless, eating good food is like feeding on carrion, even philosophy itself is bad if you indulge yourself too much in it.     True, this Stoic ethos of living your life like an unperturbed marble statue is to some extent mitigated by an emphasis on treating others with love, kindness and justice, including people who don´t really deserve it (they just don´t know better and should therefore be pitied rather than condemned). This is presumably the part that commends \\"Meditations\\" to Christians, who long admired the work.     In general, however, I can´t say I was thrilled by \\"Meditations\\". Frankly, I stopped reading it after a little over 100 pages. There is something hypocritical about a powerful emperor saying that nothing can be done about our predicament. Nor do I think that a consistent Stoic can become a very likable person. Occasionally, Caesar Marcus Aurelius sounds a bit clinical. He needs to get out more, I think.    I always wondered why the good Marcus Aurelius had such a bad son. I think I finally got it. I mean, it can´t be easy having a father who actually believes the contents of his own Stoic meditations.     Small wonder Commodus snapped.
B00009NHC5|5.0|I've always remembered this movie as amazing, and seeing it again for the first time in many years confirms that it still holds it's title as my all time favorite suspense/scary movie.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|Everything I thought it would be amazing!!! Brand new in perfect condition. This series is truly something you have to watch.
B002OHB2TK|5.0|For some reason, amazon is recognizing my review for the wounded bird edition as a review for the Cherry Red edition and won't let me post another review of the different version, so I'm going to review both disc in the same review.<br /><br />WOUNDED BIRDS<br /><br />With all of Samantha's 80s albums getting the reissue treatment, Wounded Birds did a great job with this hugely successful sophomore album--both in sound quality and track selection. The full album is presented intact, and the six bonus tracks are all the right ones--the full 12\\" mixes of all the singles, including Naughty Girls, the Stock Aitken Waterman produced Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now, and I Surrender (to the spirit of the night), a fantastic dance rock track that was actually the b-side to Naughty Girls way back when. You also get the b-side \\"Even the Darkest Hours\\", the \\"new mix\\" of True Devotion, and the hot house track \\"All I Wanna Do\\", which was actually a track from a Full Force album that Samantha joined them on, so it's a treat to have it included on her album as well. It would have been even better to have the 12\\" version instead of the single mix, but the CD is already full packed, using all but 20 seconds of its eighty minutes!<br /><br />CHERRY RED<br /><br />Vastly expanded to 2 discs, this seems like the one to get if you want only one edition, but there are a couple of things to note. While it is LOADED with 12\\" mixes not on the Wounded Bird single disc release, some tracks have been left off that ARE on the Wounded Bird version. The \\"new mix\\" of True Devotion and the single All I Wanna Do are both absent. However, ALl I Wanna Do is included on the double disc reissue of \\"I Wanna Have Some Fun\\" in this mix and a remix. Also, on this edition, instead of the 5:29 version of Even the Darkest Hours, we get the extended version clocking in at 7:31.<br /><br />TRACK LIST FOR THE CHERRY RED RELASE:<br /><br />CD1<br />I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night)  3:56<br />I Promise You (Get Ready)  3:54<br />Naughty Girls (Need Love Too)  5:10<br />True Devotion  4:37<br />(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction  5:35<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now  3:45<br />If Music Be The Food Of Love  4:49<br />That Sensation  4:22<br />Dream City  4:53<br />The Best Is Yet To Come  4:50<br />Even In The Darkest Hours  7:29<br />The Right Stuff  3:59<br />Hot Tonight  4:06<br />I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night) (Original Mix)  4:56<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now (Jump & Jive Mix)5:21<br />(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (Bastone Radio Mix) 4:21<br />Naughty Girls (Need Love Too) (Jon's Savage Edit) 3:14<br /><br />CD2<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now (Extended Version)  7:03<br />I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night) (Extended Version)  6:37<br />I Promise You (Get Ready) (Extended Version)  5:57<br />Naughty Girls (Need Love Too) (Special Extended Version)  5:53<br />(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (Extended Version)  7:23<br />I Promise You (Get Ready) (Stan Shaw Mix)  6:00<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now (Cub Mix)  7:00<br />Naughty Girls (Need Love Too) (Full Force Naughty House Mix) 6:36<br />(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (She's Gotta Have It Mix)6:57<br />I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night) (12\\" Remix) 6:55<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now (Instrumental)  3:45<br />I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night) (Instrumental)  5:02<br />I Promise You (Get Ready) (Instrumental)  4:12Ready)  3:54<br />Naughty Girls (Need Love Too)  5:10<br />True Devotion  4:37<br />(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction  5:35<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now  3:45<br />If Music Be The Food Of Love  4:49<br />That Sensation  4:22<br />Dream City  4:53<br />The Best Is Yet To Come  4:50<br />Even In The Darkest Hours  7:29<br />The Right Stuff  3:59<br />Hot Tonight  4:06<br />I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night) (Original Mix)  4:56<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now (Jump & Jive Mix)5:21<br />(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (Bastone Radio Mix) 4:21<br />Naughty Girls (Need Love Too) (Jon's Savage Edit) 3:14<br /><br />CD2<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now (Extended Version)  7:03<br />I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night) (Extended Version)  6:37<br />I Promise You (Get Ready) (Extended Version)  5:57<br />Naughty Girls (Need Love Too) (Special Extended Version)  5:53<br />(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (Extended Version)  7:23<br />I Promise You (Get Ready) (Stan Shaw Mix)  6:00<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now (Cub Mix)  7:00<br />Naughty Girls (Need Love Too) (Full Force Naughty House Mix) 6:36<br />(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (She's Gotta Have It Mix)6:57<br />I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night) (12\\" Remix) 6:55<br />Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now (Instrumental)  3:45<br />I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night) (Instrumental)  5:02<br />I Promise You (Get Ready) (Instrumental)  4:12
B0008KLVG4|2.0|\\"Jaws\\" was something of a classic already when I was a kid. I didn't like the movie back then, and I still don't. My best friend was also very sceptical.<br /><br />For starters, \\"Jaws\\" isn't particularly exciting. With the exception of one or two scenes, you *know* when the shark is going to show up due to that loony tune tam-tam-tam-tam-tam-tam-tam... Most of the movie, there is no action at all. And when Great White started attacking Steven Spielberg's ridiculously small boat, I yawned. Cujo was more scary in that Stephen King movie. And Cujo was just a puppy back then, right?<br /><br />Perhaps me and my buddy were precocious or something, but we also criticized \\"Jaws\\" for being unrealistic. I doubt Great White Sharks can become this large. I mean, he's the size of a killer whale! Basking sharks can become very large, but they are harmless. (Yes, we knew about basking sharks. Common knowledge, alright?) And why would a guy looking for the world's most vicious shark use such a ridiculously small boat?<br /><br />Naturally, there are several sequels, including one called \\"Jaws 3D\\". I never saw it as a kid. Maybe it was X-rated or something. I wonder why? Apparently, you needed a special kind of specs to watch it. Since I'm near-sighted, I would probably just have gotten a bad headache anyway.<br /><br />I know that I'm in a minority here. One of my workmates (let's call him Happy Chappie) actually likes \\"Jaws\\", claiming it's a real classic and one of the best films ever made. Chappie says I'm not getting it. I guess I don't. \\"Jaws\\" didn't scare me even as a kid. \\"Alien\\" is a real horror movie. It scared me as an adult, even when I was watching it the second time on TV, with commercial breaks! I suppose I'm more afraid of xenomorphs in my closet than Great White Sharks in my bath tub. Or something. Every time I see \\"Jaws\\", I want to feed Spielberg to the xenomorphs!<br /><br />I'll give it two stars for old times sake.<br /><br />Tam-tam-tam-tam-tam-tam....<br /><br />Gee, I think Mr. White is coming.
B000000WA2|4.0|This album was pleasantly surprising to me.  I say \\"album\\" because I bought it after hearing the main singles like \\"Charmless Man\\", \\"Stereotypes\\", \\"The Universal\\" and \\"Fade Away\\".  The other songs on the album are also enjoyable, for the most part.  I can't decide if the overall sound is different than the two previous albums, as they share a mix of mostly poppish songs with some ballads and more rock-like songs.  I really like the bass and percussion of Blur, and Damon's vocals are great, he sings over a broad range and pitch.  Some of the songs like \\"Mr. Robinson's Quango\\", are hit or miss, the lyrics can get a bit repetitive and I find that irritating.  Other songs like \\"Dan Abnormal\\" and \\"Ernold Same\\" are kinda boring to me, just sad songs that do fit the mood of the album.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|I am using this cable to connect my PC to an Onkyo receiver.  It works perfectly.  You can't beat it for the money.
0446698342|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. Once I started to read it, I couldnt put it down. I think Nicholas Sparks always delivers wonderful stories. This story was filled with love, adventure, thrills, and kindness. I loved how all the characters were connected to each other, one way or another. The story was interesting and I would definately say, BUY IT!!! READ IT!! Enjoy it :) because I know I did!!!
B002KDUDG6|4.0|This is a wonderful audio cd containing the smooth, velvety voice of Michael Buble. He has a distinctive style, who is personally one of my favoite artists!
B000A6T1JU|5.0|I can understand some of the complaints about the director's cut using campy comic book scenes in breaking up sections of the film - but as the Director states in the film - this version is closer to the novel and closer to to the director's vision.  The film is very accurate in portraying New York City gangs in the late 1970's - but the film's plot and portrayal crosses the line into a pure comic book world in several areas - hence I think the comic scenes are OK.      This is one trippy film. I was born in the 1970's in a lower middle class part of New York City and I can just remember gangs roaming around like the ones depicted in the film.  You can really see how the American diet has changed over the years because everyone in this film is skinny as a rail and lean.  You could not create a film now and recreate the 1970's anymore because even if you made up accurate film sets - americans really do not look the same anymore.  (Spike Lee did a good job in 'Summer of Sam' but its still not close).      I put this film on and I think of myself and my family over 30 years ago.  The film drags you in when the subway picks up the Warriors in Coney - seeing the old Wonder Wheel lit up - ahhh.  The music is great as the Warriors rocket through the subway tunnels up the Bronx and we hear the names of some great gangs like 'The Van Cortland Rangers' all dressed in camaflouge.  (Van Cortland park in the northern Bronx has large swaths of woods).  Back in the 1970's gangs still had some type of Honor Code and some education - for instance, the gang members uses the word 'conclave' to describe the meeting called by Cyrus.  Gangs were able to send emissary's into other gangs turf under truce to deliver information.  They use the term 'Parlay' in the film without explanation.  (In the movie 'Event Horizon' they actually have to explain that CO2 gas builds up when humans breeth!) - gangs had some education - now your typical gang member cant tie his shoes.      In any case - a rival gang member shoots Cyrus (for laughs) \\"I like doing stuff like that\\" and blames the Warriors for it.  The Warriors are then hunted by every gang in the City as they make their way back to Coney.  The police break up the meeting right after the shooting.  Cyrus' gang even uses coded language over a jazz radio station to tell everyone in the City to 'bring in' the warriors.  \\"You better be looken' good Warriors - you better be looken real good - all the way back to Coney.\\"      The Warriros then fight off several gangs - \\"we bop are way back.\\"  For instance, the 'Punks' who take a beat down in an old New York City subway bathroom.  (I remember those OMG!)  The 'Punks also all wear 4 wheel roller skates.  I can remember going to disco style rollar rinks as a kid!      I think that the people that appreciate this film the most are those who can remember and grew up in New York City circa 1973 to 1983.  The feel of this film, the locales, the way the old street lights used to look and the trippy music - it brings back a lot of memories.  Back then gangs were still ethnically made up but all gangs were more or less American.  There were also  'white gangs' not all made up of bikers, nazis, or kkk guys - the white gang just happened to all come from a 10 block area of a lower middle class neighborhood - the film traces an old New York City subway map as they goto the Bronx - they talk about making subway transfers along the way.  Been there - done that.      In reality, these gangs did tens of millions of dollars of property damage, dealt drugs, shook down businesses for protection money, etc. Incredibly - the film crew shooting the parts of this film in Coney Island paid protection money to the gang down there at the time.  When a payment was missed - film equipment was trashed.  Read online about the history of the film!    This film is part of my collection - its a window on my past and window on New York City's past, for good or ill.  Its a good story, albeit a yarn.  There were a lot of throw-away kids back then - there are now just a different kind.      Kudos to the Warriors!
B002ECJZ76|2.0|I received this DVD through the Vines program and immediately set it up to view the video.  After all, what better time of year to see the origins of Saint Nick?<br /><br />If you have a high def or large screen TV, this video can be distracting as the voices are dubbed in and as such, the facial movements do not match up with the voices.  While not a big issue, it is distracting and becomes more so the larger your TV is.<br /><br />This is a very sad story that does not particularly inspire.  The movie attempts to explain the childhood of the person who would become Saint Nick and casts him as an orphan after his father, mother, and sister perish on thin ice while attempting to go to a doctor in a snow storm.  Nicholas is then cast about from one family to another in a poor fishing town because no one can afford to adopt him and provide enough food to support him and their families.  He eventually winds up with an outsider who initially is cruel to him, but then warms up to him.<br /><br />After 72 minutes of running time, Nicholas (an old man now) disappears on a Christmas Day after delivering presents for his last time due to his age.  He then magically reappears on the next Christmas (with no explanation of how or why this happens) driving a sleigh up in the sky and wishing everyone a merry Christmas.<br /><br />This is not a film that leaves you feeling good; rather, it leaves you a bit confused and depressed at the end.  Perhaps if the producers had made this a 90 minute film instead of a 78 minute film they might have been able to fix the film, but then again, maybe not.  Perhaps it is more merciful that the film is not any longer.
B001PPLIFU|1.0|After seeing Casino Royale I couldn't wait to see Quantum of Solace.  However, the work schedule prevented me from seeing it in theatres, and the Blu-Ray price kept me from purchasing it until 'Black Friday'. Thank God I didn't pay full price for this awful movie.    Craig is still good as Bond and so is Dench as M.  The story would have been passable if only you could watch the movie.  The cuts were so fast and frantic it was worse than reading Poe's the Tale Tell Heart.  The movie just raced past you and yet had the arrogance to think that as the Bond viewer it was your problem to keep up.    Not.      The look of the film is superb and you are relieved to see the Dench parts because the camera is allowed to sit on a tripod and be still.  The director of this film should have been given the boot after the first day's dailies and the producers who say that they take so much care must have taken a holiday and left the decision making up to people who thought that Michael Bay needed some competition.    Unfortunate.  The silent action scene at the opera in the restaurant/kitchen was inspired however it was so confusing that you were left not caring.  The Bond girls were also uninteresting.  The 'tough' Bond girl was reduced to cowering in a corner after offing a bad guy.  Hard to believe? Well, like a lot of this non-viewing Bond experience, who cares.    When the next Bond film comes out I'll wait for the dollar show, and I certainly will wait before I lay down money for a 'new' Bond (Craig) Blu Ray.
B002K0WBY6|4.0|This is a fun, entertaining movie which has some depth to it as well.  Enjoyed it!
0739384171|5.0|Both my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  We have to caution you, though.  You must read the first book (The Girl with the Dragon Tatoo) before you read this one. The author tries to give the background information you need in case you pick up this one first, but it is much better to take them in order.  The plot has depth, the characters are multi-dimensional.  You are bound to be surprised more than once. The narrator on the audio books is a pleasure to listen to.  His characterizations are consistent and easy to follow.  We understand that the author, Steig Larsson, wrote a third book before his death. I certainly hope so.
0345456343|5.0|The three books in this volume are all AMAZING, and I'm proud to say that they are some of, if not my favorite books. They have so much substance to them, so much complexity and emotion. I haven't felt nearly as emotional while reading a book as I did while reading these. The characters dig into your heart and stay there forever.  Out of the three, I might say I liked \\"Queen of the Damned\\" the best, but only because there were just so many happy reunions and I loved how it had a nice, clean ending.. (Why, oh why couldn't it stop there?) I liked \\"The Vampire Lestat\\" too, a close second. \\"Interview with the Vampire\\" was just as good, but I have to say Lestat is a much more fun narrator. Lestat and Louis have got to be my favorite fictional characters of all time. Oh, I just love them both so much, I could go on forever! Their relationship is so tragically adorable.  This is a superb trilogy, with a solid ending. I laughed and I cried. They made me think, and I found so much inspiration in them. I will forever treasure them!  A note on this edition: I think it's perfect. In my opinion, the three books included in this are the only ones worth reading. :P
0307716988|4.0|This book is from Michael at a different time in his life. He still looked gorgeous and had color in his face. He was sooooo fine back then. You can see, even back then, that Michael was a very sensitive person. He was a deep thinking and passionate individual. The sad part is that with all that he had, he did not like himself. Michael did not see the natural beauty god gave him and in turn played himself and looked like a clown when he died. I still love Michael Jackson. He and his music will be with me for life.
1423101499|5.0|Purchased for my son (13) - he has enjoyed all the others in this series and I expect he will enjoy this one also!
B0000CDJPQ|4.0|The Sonnet adapter, though pricey for a little piece of plastic, works well, and I'm pleased that I'm again able to use my old Lexar FW400 CF card reader after Apple eliminated the FW400 port(s) on the latest desktop Macs. However, I have my Firewire devices (two FW800 hard disks and a Drobo with FW800) daisy-chained, as is customary, and the Lexar wouldn't work as the last device in the chain if the Drobo was right before it. I switched the daisy-chain order of the hard drives around, ultimately plugging the Sonnet (and thus the Lexar reader) into one of the regular (LaCie) FW800 drives. The Sonnet adapter, again at the end of the chain, now works fine. The initial glitch might be the Sonnet's fault, or it might have something to do with the Drobo, not sure -- but I figured a couple of people out there would like to know and save themselves some headscratching and hassle.
0060853972|5.0|This is without a doubt the funniest book I have ever read. I simply adored Aziraphale and Crowley and wished there had been more of them throughout the book. At times it felt like it didn't flow, but it all came together nicely at the end. I just loved it. ^_^
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|What can I say? With \\"This Is It,\\" now I have every CD Michael has ever made. I don't care how many times songs are repeated on different CDs by Michael Jackson, I have six Michael Jackson CDs in my car, and I love listening to them over and over. I was this way about Michael when he was alive, but more so now. I think about the concert that never was and know that the best concerts are the ones I saw with Michael and his brothers and Michael as a solo artist. I love telling people stories about the times my sister Gina and I went to see Michael Jackson live. For those who were not fortunate enough to have seen Michael live, go pick up the Dangerous concert from Bucharest DVD. It is close to the amazement of the real thing. Also, I love both versions of \\"This Is It.\\" I love Michael...
1423101472|5.0|Purchased for my son - he has enjoyed all the others in this series and I expect he will enjoy this one also!
0345457692|5.0|Richard K Morgan is the real deal.  He doesn't flinch when it comes to following his premises where they plausibly lead.  Making Kovacs (his protagonist) a sympathetic character, as ruthless as he is, is a challenge unto itself.  Morgan achieves this very thoughtfully, with the originary, formative narrative that he sketches in small vignettes that don't overwhelm, and with his accounts of Envoy conditioning that are provided as needed but don't feel too pat or ad hoc.  I'm thoroughly impressed by this combination of narrative skill and literary craftsmanship.  I appreciate the little intervals of comedy--the snappy repartee, e.g.--as much for the breathing space they afford as for any other reason.  The story grabs you by the throat, but he's careful not to let it choke you too much.  It's a dangerous line, and Morgan hangs onto the reins admirably.  Kovacs' character explains himself, subjectively, but you never feel like he's justifying himself.  The reader needs to understand, not approve.       At the heart of that understanding, for Kovacs character, is a struggle with his humanity and with his ambivalence about his status in that category.  Sometimes you revel with him in the purity of his particular phenotype and its aptitude for unmitigated havoc; at other times, you follow a more challenging existential struggle, or find unexpected warmth.  The character self-describes as a sociopath, but his is an imposed condition, not a pure type.  He cares a great deal for those he connects with, e.g., and for reasons that resonate as moral and humane, as well as merely professional.  Likewise with those he detests: they are often the actual and unambiguous sociopaths. And while he finds their elimination disconcertingly redemptive and satisfying, you get why this is so.  It jibes with what you know about his own condition.  It never feels simply gratuitous.     I love that experience of stumbling on a writer who inspires immediate obsession.  That's one of the coolestthings about the medium, to me.  Every once in awhile, you sample something so startling and resonant that you just have to mainline it for awhile.  Bravo, Mr. Morgan.
B0027BOL4G|4.0|The Food, Inc. story is interesting and insightful but only tells part of the story. It is certainly something people need to know. I have a bison ranch in Colorado and raise totally grass-fed bison so I have been aware of the issues with the Corporate feedlots. I am glad to see more and more people becoming concerned about their health and about the food they eat.
B001JRB16U|4.0|Our daughter is 4 and she enjoys this movie.  She loves songs and we thought Mary Poppins would be a great movie to watch.  For example, she also loves Sound of Music songs.  To be fair, its hard to maintain the attention of a 4 year old and she doesn't quite get the whole story, so after a couple of attempts, we just use the section of the DVD that plays only the songs.  Its like a video jukebox.    I think when she is older, she can appreciate the story more but the dancing and singing sequences are still very entertaining.  They are dated but still classic.
0452295548|3.0|Introduction:    \\"My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientists Personal Journey\\" by Jill Bolte Taylor examines the personal journey of a stroke survivor as she explores how the brain functions and struggles  to recover the abilities she lost. This review seeks to provide a synopsis of the book, as well as present an opinion on the arguments and writing style of the book. \\"My Stroke of Insight\\" demonstrates the roles of the left and right hemispheres of the brain in determining who we are, and Taylor makes her book easily accessible to a wide audience with her ability to combine neuroscience with an inspirational message of recovery and rehabilitation.    Synopsis:    Jill Taylor is a thirty-seven-year-old neuroanatomist who experienced a stroke as a result of a blood vessel rupture in the left hemisphere of her brain caused by an arteriovenous malformation (a form of hemorrhagic stroke cause by a congenital disorder where the artery is connected directly to the vein without a buffering capillary bed in between). Her stroke resulted in the loss of her motor control and her skills of higher cognition, including language and memory retrieval.  This book chronicles her personal experience during the stroke as she observed her cognitive abilities and motor skill deteriorate as well as her inspirational, eight year struggle of recovery and rehabilitation.  In addition to her personal account of the stroke, Taylor provides insights into the lessons she learned from the stroke on how to access the right hemisphere of the brain and achieve a feeling of nirvana. As a neuroanatomist, Taylor provides a valuable and unique perspective on how it feels to have a stroke as well as what happens to the mind during trauma to the brain.    Review:    The first half of \\"My Stroke of Insight\\" is very intriguing and compelling because it offers a unique perspective on the devastating effects of a stroke on cognitive function. Taylor is able to successfully communicate her gradual deterioration and loss of function staring form the time she awoke to the point where she was finally able to focus her attention and call for help. Her personal narrative as well as the thoughts that crossed through her mind as she  fought to gain control of her motor and cognitive functions enable to reader to understand how the increase in blood loss in the brain slowly destroys the ability to talk, recall memory, walk, and see.  Her personal narrative follows her recovery as well as her description of the way she had to train her brain to re-establish all of the neural pathways she lost during the stroke. This book is a valuable example of what happens during recovery, especially what is needed from caregivers to facilitate patient recovery. She also does an excellent job of describing the state of mind necessary to facilitate recovery, because Taylor essentially became an infant in an adult body, and she  had to retrain herself and rebuild her knowledge.    In my opinion, the second half of the book completely destroyed the credibility and value of the book by transforming it from a journey of personal recovery to a self-help motivational book about achieving deep inner peace. The last couple of chapters in which she describes the insights she obtained from her stroke centers around her belief that you can awaken the consciousness of the right-hemisphere to achieve nirvana and universal peace. It describes how she was able to remove all of her negative thoughts, and prevent herself from relearning jealously and anger during her recovery. The metaphysical nature  of the last few chapters and overall message that the stroke was the best thing to happen to Taylor because it taught her that everyone can uncover feelings of well-being and oneness with the universe by quieting the left-hemisphere of the brain and living through the right-hemisphere.    Style and Structure:    This book is both informative and entertaining, and the author's writing style, while not always clear or concise, makes the book accessible to the layman. This book is targeted to individuals who are stroke survivors, caregivers, or have a family member or friend who is a stroke survivor, and the personal narrative effectively communicates the author's message. Taylor uses simple and clear explanations to describe the neuroscience behind strokes, and the incorporation of illustrations clarifies the scientific content of the book.  The author's writing style for her internal dialogue during both her stroke and recovery is repetitive and at times, difficult to follow. Taylor writes to a general audience and she successfully simplifies the scientific content, but it is evident that she is not a professional author because the book reads more like fiction than a personal account of recovery.    Although the style of the writing is not always effective, the organization and structure of \\"My Stroke of Insight\\" enhances the book's central focus and the chapters transition well from one topic to the next. The general structure of the book consists of four sections: Taylor's life before the stroke, the morning of the stroke, the recovery, and Taylor's personal insights from the stroke.  The first portion of the book provides a brief synopsis of Taylor's life prior to the stroke as well as a basic review of the neuroscience of strokes in order to establish the scientific framework for the remainder of the book. The chronological structure of the book enables the reader to better follow the author on her road to recovery. The narrative during the stroke and recovery is often repetitive, and Taylor's ability to recall her thoughts with such great detail as she was losing her higher cognitive functions is questionable.    Interesting Quotes:    \\"I was momentarily privy to a precise and experimental understanding of how hard the fifty trillion cells in my brain and body were working in perfect unison to maintain the flexibility and integrity of my physical form (39).\\"    \\"Withoutthe linearity associated with the constant brain directives of my left brain, I struggled to maintain a cognitive connection to my external reality (48).\\"    \\"No longer capable of perceiving temperature, vibration, pain, or proprioceptions, your awareness of physical boundaries shift (79).\\"    \\"It was as if I had an infant brain again and had to learn virtually everything from scratch (93).\\"     Recommendations:    I thoroughly enjoyed reading portions of \\"My Stroke of Insight\\"; however, I believe the latter half of the book, which describes achieving deep inner peace by accessing the right hemisphere of the brain, reduces both the value and credibility of the book's information on strokes and the brain. By combining neuroscience, a personal journey of recovery and the author's personal insights as a result of her stroke, this book examines the devastating effects of strokes on the neurocircuitry of the brain as well as analyzes the steps required for rehabilitation. \\"My Stroke of Insight\\" appeals to all readers on some level, whether it is the inspirational message of recovery and finding inner peace or the science behind strokes and brain trauma. I recommend this book to anyone interested in how strokes alter the mind and brain, especially in regards to recovery of function and understanding strokes from the patient's perspective. However, if the reader is looking for a more scientific analysis of the impact of a stroke on the brain, I would recommend a different book or suggest skipping the latter half of the book where the author provides her personal insights.
B0016BWACI|5.0|I've loved this movie since I was a child. I own the DVD version, and recently got a Blu-Ray player. This is one movie I definitely wanted to own in HD. This is definitely a higher quality transfer than the regular DVD version. Not only is it more detailed and crisper than the DVD version because of the increased resolution, but they also seem to have taken time to clean up the image some. There is less artifacting, and colors seem more natural and vibrant than in the DVD version.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|I bought the Deluxe Edition after hearing \\"Bad Romance\\" only once, and since then have listended to the entire album many times.  I LOVE it.  How anyone can dislike any of her songs is beyond me.  She is equivalent to the 2000's version of Madonna.  I didn't like her that much till I Heard \\"poker face\\" from her \\"Fame\\" album.
B000OPOAJS|3.0|The 1st Official  BR Release of Ronin<br />Sound like a Great Must have BR Disc<br /><br />Just on it's own the BR is Very Good The PQ is Stunning, Crisp & Clean!<br />The Audio is also very good DTS 5.1 Close 2 Perfect @ Times Though dialog is a bit Low<br />Great Transfer<br />But, If u are looking to get all The Great Extras from the second Version of the Standard dvd brought over to the HD Format<br />Don't hold your Breathe The BR Disc is Naked w/ NO Extras<br />Which is Dreadful<br />MGM Tends 2 do this with some of there Fully Loaded Films when  doing the Special Editions to the BR Format<br />Example 2 Great MGM Films also have been Transfered to BR with Nothing!<br />(Robocop & Usual Suspects)<br /><br />The Film is so good it deserves the Special Edition BR Version<br /><br />  Movie/HD Transfer  8.5/10<br />  Extras  0/10
B002HWRYJE|5.0|As a teenager I was sitting in front of the tv for the premier of the first StarTrek episode. And I've been watching it on tv and in the movies ever since.    It would be impossible for the casting to get any better.     The story is great. While treating the old Trek with the greatest respect it provides itself with a future without restraint. This may (and reading some of these reviews it apparently does) set some of the more orthodox Trekies on an Inquisition, but if you're not actually into holding services you'll probably love it.    I'm looking forward to (hoping for) more.
B00004VVND|4.0|If I went into the plot here I'd almost certainly give something away, so I wont. What you will get is a 70's special effects flick with Yul Brynner as a villain. This movie would be right at home with Vanishing Point and Jaws as examples of indespinsible 70's film making.<br /><br />The presentation is flawless. A nice print shown in widescreen. The colors are gorgeous and the sound is good. The special features are sparse, but that doesnt bother me much. Buy with confidence.<br /><br />As a sidenote, I hate those stupid cardboard DVD packages with the little plastic tab thing on the right. FYI, this movie comes in one of those.
B000MQC9H4|3.0|The movie is a bit long for the story, but overall has a few bright moments.  I thought that the part with the 91 year old Eli Walach was one of the bright moments to enjoy.<br /><br />The two female romantic leads are Cameron Diaz (a southern California advertising VIP that creates movie trailers) and Iris Simpkins (Kate Winslet) an English wedding column writer who lives in a quaint cottage in the English countryside.<br /><br />They both need a break from the men who complicate their lives.  By chance both Amanda and Iris find each other through an Internet site that specializes in home exchanges for short-term get-a-ways.  Amanda and Iris are thousands of miles away from each other but both are excited to change homes and cross continents to move into each other's homes for two weeks.<br /><br />Iris lands in Amanda's Los Angeles home, and Amanda lands in Iris's English cottage.<br /><br />Each young woman has a eye-opening adventure and learn of new and deep relationships in their unfamiliar settings.<br /><br />Iris helps Arthur (Eli Wallach) who is a screenwriter from Hollywood's golden days.  He has her watch movies of strong female lead and Iris helps him find the confidence to face his past and accept some praise from his peers.  Iris also finds true love in Los Angeles (Jack Black).<br /><br />Amanda meets Iris's handsome brother (Jude Law) as he comes knocking at the cottage door.  She learns that he is a widower with two small children, and discovers that even though she does not want to risk vulnerability, she finds love and trust to ask for the family she wants.
B002HWRYJE|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised by this movie.  I have never been a fan of the TV show \\"Lost\\" and had low expectation for J J Abrams as a Star Trek movie director.  But he pulled it off--an exciting homage to Star Trek: The Original Series.  The casting of the young Star Trek heroes was well-done.  Not that the film is perfect, to be sure.  The soundtrack music is much too loud and annoyingly manipulative.  The ease of the destruction of the advanced futuristic Romulan ship is a bit hard to believe--Star Wars deja vu.  Young Jim Kirk as Luke Skywalker.  In fact, change the characters and basically this is as much a Star Wars movie as a Star Trek one.  Star Wars was great, so I guess the liberal stealing from the Star Wars movie is also high praise.  I don't have time or space to elaborate, but consider the alien in the early bar scene and Mr. Scott's wookie-like sidekick.  Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery?  Anyway, I am up for a sequel to this prequel.
0385532458|4.0|I liked this book, but actually prefer the lawyer stories to these short stories.  This was different and has it's pros as well.  Interesting characters that only Grisham can create.  Funny and sad at the same time.
B000OVLBHG|5.0|On the surface this is a sci-fi action movie with awesome special effects. Below the surface, it's a great piece of social commentary. A gory inter-galactic war movie pitting humans against a race of advanced insects, this film focuses on the idealistic aspects of youth and the role of gung-ho attitudes and propaganda in military recruiting. As well as themes of social responsibility, sexual equality and high school relationships. Sound like a head rtrip? It is!     Ultra-violent, funny and well acted (for the most part), you must see this film are a critically thinking adult who doesnt mind gross-out humor. As an added bonus, you get to watch Gary Bussey's (sp?)son, Jake Bussey who looks and acts much like his dad!    As adolescent as it is in parts, it is absolutely not for kids!    The DVD looks great, but this version is light on the special features. There are a blue-million DVD versions of this out there though (I was replacing an old full-screen version I had with all the special feature documentaries).     If youve never seen this before, you must.
1400031354|5.0|Tears of the Giraffe is the second book in Alexander McCall Smith's No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series. In this outing Mma Ramotswe is principally concerned with two cases. An American woman seeks her help in finding out what happened to her son, who disappeared ten years earlier while working on a farm in Botswana. Mma Ramotswe's assistant Mma Makutsi, newly promoted to the position of assistant detective, acts as the lead investigator in the second case that crosses their desks: a man hires them to find out where his wife has found the money to send their son to an expensive private school. At the same time big changes are sweeping Mma Ramotswe's private life. She's agreed to marry Mr. J.L.B. Maketoni of Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors--a decision neither of them regrets the morning after the decision is made--so there is an engagement ring to think of. Her fianc&eacute;, meanwhile, kind man that he is, finds himself agreeing to do something he fears may threaten the impending nuptials.<br /><br />As usual, McCall Smith's writing in this book is simple and perfect and very readable, the story sweet and moving. His characters are real people, if I suppose idealized, seen as if through a gauze that softens the rough edges. This is not to say that everyone in the series is good, by any means. McCall Smith alludes to the evils of men, both large and small, and Mma Ramotswe sometimes comes up against true wickedness. Certainly she regularly confronts very real heartbreak. But somehow her approach to life and to other people keeps despair in check. Tears of the Giraffe, at any rate, is a beautiful little book. A delicious read.<br /><br />-- Debra Hamel
B002I9Z8B2|5.0|This film looked so beautiful in the blu-ray transfer, I enjoyed it all over again as if I was seeing it for the first time in a theater. I'm amazed a film this old can look so good. I compared it to the DVD version and you can see SO MUCH more detail!     This film is a classic and the best Star Trek movie of all time. I'm not familiar with the \\"longer\\"/director's cut version some folks are wanting. This is the version I grew up with and the one I remember, and it's the one I wanted. I'm perfectly happy with it.
0061885452|4.0|I enjoyed his story, and his wit, insight, and candor.  I bought this because I heard him interviewed on NPR and appreciated his story about battling alcoholism and living life with humor.  I'm a bigger fan than I was before.
0385504225|2.0|Tedious!  If you're expecting another DaVinci Code, you will be very disappointed.    Like the pulp writers of the last century, Brown seems to be getting paid by the word,  as this thing just slogs on and on and on with too much exposition and far too  much repetition.  By the end, you'll know a lot about nothing.    Also, Brown's desire to do this unending CYA about what great blokes the Mason's  are sounds all the world like it was edited by nervous trial lawyers...
B000W746GK|5.0|I NEVER WAS A FAN OF HARRY POTTER UNTILL DECEMBER 4,09. I WATCH THIS ON TV AND IT WAS AWESOME AND VERRY FUNNY TOO. SO I BOUGHT IT AT WALMART AND STILL WATCHING IT TODAY.I DON'T LIKE HOW YOU SEE MORE PARTS ON TV THAN IN THE DVD.OTHER THAN THAT I LOVE IT. HARRY POTTER IS AWESOME.I PLAN ON BUYING THE FIRST ONE AND THE REST OF THE HARRY POTTER MOVIE. I CAN'T WAIT FOR DEATHLY HOLLOW I THINK IT CALLED. MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY BYE.
B001VPJYZK|5.0|I have been a fan of Desperate Housewives since Season 1, and although Season 2 was a huge disappointment, I still held on as a viewer. And it paid off. When I started watching Season 5, I was so impressed how the writers took a sagging show and spun it into a whole new light, as well as level. It is really interesting and refreshing to see the characters 5 years later on Wisteria Lane. Season 6 (playing now on TV) is just as good- I look forward to it every week!
0060853972|5.0|Thank you so much for this book- although it was used, I could hardly tell. There weren't any dog ears, for which I was grateful, and the small scratch on the cover added to its appeal (Lord knows this book is going everywhere with me, so I'm going to beat it up all the more.)  This is the fourth time I've bought this book, for as the authors said, friends conveniently forget that they have it or lose it or it walks away on its own.
B002H3F7F6|4.0|Sting really departs from his usual style of music but I like this the more I listen to it. Reminds me of Loreena McKennitt.
B000A6T262|5.0|i'm not a trekkie but it would be nice to own a complete box set of all star trek movies released to date.   Paramount have finally finished re-editing and refurbishing all ten movies and have finally released \\"Star Trek-The Movies Collection\\" all ten movies and for the first time, all in double disc special editions.   Movies are:-1. The Motion Picture,2. The Wrath Of Khan,3. The Search For Spock,4. The Voyage Home,5. The Final Frontier,6. The Undiscovered Country,7. Generations,8. First Contact, 9.Insurrection,10. Nemesis
0061733199|4.0|This is a very thorough book.  I bought it for my husband, who is using it for a survival club he started.  Contains lots of interesting stuff worth knowing.
B000001ES9|5.0|\\"Before Neil Peart entered the Rush scene this album was released. It's not as good as all the other early Rush music, but it still has got some really solid songs. The only thing absent is Neil's excellent drumming and Neil's beautiful song writing. The guitar and bass are amazing on this Cd. The drumming isn't bad, but Neil is much better\\". Yes this is all true,but what makes this album so good are the songs like \\"Finding my way\\" and \\"Working man\\".Probably took Geedy and Alex most of their lives up till then to write these songs,but it's all classic rock and a solid beginning
B000001F7R|5.0|This album is freakin' sick....plain and simple.  Most people have never even heard of any of these old school Def Leppard songs.  In my opinion this is their most unique, original, and raw piece of work.  Their other albums did not have the same type of sound that this one did.  This album had a more Iron Maiden type sound to it that their later albums did not have.  If you're a fan of the older hard rock and metal of 70's/80's your collection is not complete unless you have this album.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I am not a trekkie so to speak.never wore the costumes,never been to a convention,but i love eveything STAR TREK(battlestar gallactica also).  I didn't want to see this movie because I thought it couldn't possibly be a good as the first series. Well, it was an amazing movie ! It's definitely a big screen film and I can't wait until they make another film with the same new cast. The movie told the story of how the crew met which was very well done, and very humorous. People forget there was a lot of funny episodes in the series and I'm glad they put it in. There was great action and special effects.  To me, the best part of the film was how the new actors really captured the characteristics of the crew - and you felt like they really were the same people, just younger. The selection of the new cast was excellent! GREAT FILM! Wonder if we'll ever get another series??
B00005JMFQ|5.0|One of my favorite holiday movies!  But even better is that it doesn't have to be Christmas time to watch it!
B002JIOQCO|5.0|After what seemed like forever , Wolfmother is back with their second release that is even better than their debut.  Andrew Stockdale has proven he was the driving force behind Wolfmother from the very beginning. His new band consisting of Ian Peres on bass and keyboards, guitarist Aidan Nemeth, and Dave Atkins on drums compliments Stockdale's style perfectly.
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|Absolutely love this soundtrack!  Has a great mix between Christmas music and love songs.
B001FSDOZO|5.0|but someone is buying the cd's.Nickelback have always been a band people love to hate because they write catchy songs and sell millions of albums. Well the trend continues because they have delivered another album here with 11 songs that are catchy and well-produced.  Some credit must go to producer Mutt Lange. He's the rock producer that knows how to get the popular and polished sound while still maintaining that rocking vibe.
B00006J3WH|5.0|I brought this soundtrack as a gift for my mother and she loved it. This product was in great condition and not a scratch on the cd. I was completely satisfied with this product.
B000000OAC|5.0|We all know \\"We Are the Champions\\" and \\"We Will Rock You\\" which are classics, but the rest of the album is just as timeless. I liked the songs \\"We Will Rock You,\\" \\"We Are the Champions,\\" \\"Sheer Heart Attack,\\" \\"Spread Your Wings,\\" \\"Who Needs You,\\" and \\"My Melancholy Blues.\\" I don't think I need to tell you how much I love \\"We Will Rock You\\" and \\"We Are the Champions.\\" All I'll say is \\"Classic!\\" \\"Sheer Heart Attack\\" is a really cool song.\\"It's late\\" rocks and \\"Fight from the inside\\" pure Roger Taylor! I like \\"Spread Your Wings\\" because it's about determination to find a better life. I love the song \\"Who Needs You.\\"  It's a song you can really get into.\\"Get down Make love\\" gets better every year.\\"Sleeping on the sidewalk\\" is one my all time fav Brian May songs. I think this is a great album, so if you're a Queen fan go and add it to your collection! This has always been one of my favorite QUEEN cd's.
B001OQCV24|5.0|Quite a few \\"end of the world\\" movies have been done in recent years and \\"2012\\" rises above them all, mainly due to breath-taking CGI work, good and believable performance of the cast and moving personal stories.<br /><br />The premise of the film is the global catastrophe the Mayan calendar predicts on December 12, 2012. Signs of the impending disaster appear already in 2009 and are brought to the awareness of several head of states worldwide. Led by the U.S. government, they form a plan to deal with the upcoming calamity - and the way they choose to react is one of the most surprising, interesting aspects of the film that is fully disclosed only in its last part. As \\"Judgment-day\\" comes to a close the story veers to focus also on the getaway of American, Russian and Tibetan families and highlights acts of unselfishness and personal bravery in the wake of the self destructing earth.<br /><br />It is recommended to watch \\"2012\\" in the theater in order to experience the full extent of the amazing special effects of mayhem and devastation that are abundant throughout the film.
B000EQ47GS|5.0|Boston's debut is one of the best debut albums I can think of.This fine album has sold more than 17 million copies worldwide on strengths of classics like \\"Smokin'\\",\\"More than a feeling\\",Rock and roll band\\" and \\"Peace of mind\\".Dont listen to the one star reviewers as you will be missing out on of the greatest rock albums.
B0019LY5IM|5.0|I'll make this short...  Lost is well worth watching, and Season 5 is well worth buying.  Heck, buy all the seasons if you don't have them already! The ending stinks but...
B000000OAL|5.0|The debut album from Queen contains a few of the elements that would eventually define the band, but is very much a early 70's Prog-rock/metal album.  Freddy Mercury's distinct voice and Brian May's original guitar tones are in evidence throughout. The legendary excess and theatrical flair is a mere tease at this stage.     The key tracks are the ones usually plucked for the many Queen anthologies, \\"Keep Yourself Alive\\" and \\"Liar.\\" The Kings and medieval themes prevalent in the era are available on \\"Great King Rat\\" and a tease of Queen II is offered when the album closes with \\"Seven Seas of Rhye.\\" For the most part, the show is May and Mercury's, with a quick peek at Roger Taylor's vocals on  \\"Modern Times Rock and Roll.\\" The band has not quite gelled and the Queen everyone knows and loves emerged in full on the second album.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|I never watched this on TV. Saw it at Best Buy (shame on me as I am a huge Amazon customer!) but just couldn't resist I bought it.    The characters are amazing and there is a total osmosis between them. The stories are simple but very efficient. I got hooked! D&D movies should get a lesson of what has been done here....Thank you Mr. Director for a work very well executed.     If you seek.... great entertainment... D&D 'genre' the seeker is for you. I hope this show will go on for a along time and I am really looking forward to buying season 2 (on Amazon this time!)
