B00004Y7SF|4.0|The most gifted singer to come along in a long time is obviously Christina Aguilera. She ahs proven she can sing anything with that powerful belt. On her Christmas CD she chooses christmas favorites  and a few original songs. Her rendition of Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas will blow everyone away. Other highlight include The Christmas Song and This Christmas. One thing she needs to do is calm down a bit. Her version of O Holy Night is a vocal rollercoaster which easily could have been the highlight of this album, but she feels the need to prove that she really can sing. She already has and I'm sure alot of people would agree with me when I say she should just hit the high note and hold it, that would send shivers up and down my spine. To me it is not appropriate to do vocal acrobatics on standard Christmas songs, but she has an amazing voice and she sings her heart out. I just wish she would calm down.
B000000OYQ|2.0|Jimmy Page's guitar playing on this album is pretty good. However, it wasn't laid out pretty well. The vocal tracks on each songs were laid out very poorly. The instrumental tracks were pretty good. The vocalists on this record except Robert Plant were terrible. Robert Plant's vocals on &quot;The Only One&quot; wasn't at his best. Jason Bonham's drumming were pretty good. He played pretty much the same technique his father, John Bonham did. The bassists on this record weren't very good either. Overall, this record is very disapointing. If you're a true Led Zeppelin fan, you'd be very disapointed with this record.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|The most gifted singer to come along in a long time is obviously Christina Aguilera. She ahs proven she can sing anything with that powerful belt. On her Christmas CD she chooses christmas favorites  and a few original songs. Her rendition of Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas will blow everyone away. Other highlight include The Christmas Song and This Christmas. One thing she needs to do is calm down a bit. Her version of O Holy Night is a vocal rollercoaster which easily could have been the highlight of this album, but she feels the need to prove that she really can sing. She already has and I'm sure alot of people would agree with me when I say she should just hit the high note and hold it, that would send shivers up and down my spine. To me it is not appropriate to do vocal acrobatics on standard Christmas songs, but she has an amazing voice and she sings her heart out. I just wish she would calm down.
0804106304|5.0|At first I was really sceptical about his book, I had to read it for an Ethnic Studies Class, but it turned out to be a great story of two cultures, Chinese and American. It playes with several hot topic issues in our american society today such as immigration and the problems fromm the immigrants point of view. This book really made me think about things in a new way, and I would recommend it to you. Its a mind-opening and captivating story.
0780629450|5.0|I thoroughly enjoy the full-text productions of Hamlet: my initiation to Hamlet itself was watching the BBC's production (interestingly enough, with Derek Jacobi--King Claudius in Branagh's version--playing the role of Hamlet for the BBC).   Though the star turns and length sometimes serve as detractors (or distractions), the play is chock-full of stuff, so one can find parts to like somewhere therein.  I particularly like the scenes with the two-way mirrors built into the audience hall doors, to facilitate the King's and Polonius' spying on Hamlet and Ophelia--a wonderful device.   The widescreen version is, of course, the only way to go.  Also just as essential a consideration (to me), is that I would LOVE to see this movie come out on DVD.
B000002U8G|5.0|Echos really leaves its mark more so than any other tune on the album and at almost thirty years old could have been released sometime in the 90's But not by a long shot, few musicians were making epics as grand in scale as this in the 90's The only other song that can hold a candle to it is One of these Days the opening to the album, songs like A Pillow of Winds are light and aiery and remind me of earlier albums. Fearless is a pretty strong work none the less with a kind of folk/rock feel. San Tropez and Seamus are great fun and really are a true credit to Roger Waters genius. Some of us realize that Pink Floyd really doesn't exist    anymore without him, and Floyd music doesn't have that true creative edge that Waters alone brought the Floyd, the others only capitlise off of all the popularity the band has had in the past, and with Gilmore at the helm they haven't really produced anything nearly as oddly compelling... Overall the album scores 4.5 stars and another worthwhile effort by Floyd.
B000002BUY|5.0|I first discovered Incubus only a couple of months ago when I first heard Make Yourself.  However, the first time I experienced S.C.I.E.N.C.E. I was absolutely blown away.  I can only name maybe four bands in my life that have totally changed my outlook on music and even life.  Incubus is the most recent addition.  The fusion of metal, techno, funk, and hip hop proves to be amazing when put out by this band.  Anyway, stop reading this and buy it!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|It'd be superfluous to discuss the quality of the songs... if you aren't sold on the Beatles by now, this CD won't matter one way or another.  All I'll say is it's a great bargain for someone wanting a general survey of the music without buying the albums or the 2-disc greatest hits compilations.  I missed some cuts -- inevitably they can't all be here -- like &quot;Strawberry Fields,&quot; &quot;A Day in the Life,&quot; &quot;Here Comes the Sun,&quot; and &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps.&quot;  But perhaps none of those went to #1.  Putting this CD on is an interesting experience because you can see, in a kind of sped-up motion, the musical growth of the band.  From the competent, energetic bubble-gum pop of &quot;Love Me Do&quot; and &quot;I Want to Hold Your Hand,&quot; to the intriguing and increasingly ambitious middle-period tunes (&quot;Help&quot; with its canonical harmonizations in the verse, &quot;We Can Work it Out&quot; with its Lucy-in-the-Sky-esque tempo/meter change), to the sheer perfection of &quot;Hey Jude,&quot; &quot;Something,&quot; and &quot;Let it Be,&quot; this disc takes us on a familiar but ever-beloved musical journey.
B000050XEI|5.0|I am so thrilled that Enya has released another cd! I wondered how she could possibly top her previous work, but she has!  It is an incredible collection.  I taught 5th grade for eight years and I would play Enya's cd's quietly in my classroom while my students did independent work.  They told me that they were less stressed and more focused while it was playing.  I know based on their work that they were much more productive.  ENYA'S MUSIC IS BRAIN FOOD and it helps lower your  blood pressure.
B000001GAO|5.0|This is the only recording from Bernstein that delivers ultimate satisfaction.  I think this time Bernstein put aside his remarkable personal thoughts about conducting and just simply focused on the music.  The voices from solos and chorus are magnificent and the sound from the orchestra is brilliant, giving a really peaceful and enjoyable performance.  The ending is superb which makes me feel that the music will never end.
0767903811|4.0|I read A Walk in the Woods last year and laughed from cover to cover, so when I picked up this book I expected nothing less, and I was not disapointed. It's observations about the US and England may not have been quite so funny if they didn't hit so close to home (I am an American, from New England no less, living in England), but they did and I could personally identify with just about everything he said. It wasn't as funny as A Walk in the Woods but I don't suppose I would expect a collection of essays to be.
B00004XONN|5.0|ok, before you read this keep in mind i was literally counting down the days for months waiting for Kid A to come out, so I might be a little biased. but i just have to say, this is such an incredible album, it quickly became one of my favorite cd's. it definitely isn't a rock record, which seems to be the problem most people have with it. but its one of the most unique things i've heard in a long time. i think 30 years from now, when we talk of major ground-breaking records, Kid A will be right up there with Sgt. Pepper and Dark Side of the Moon. everything they do on it seems to have some sort of hidden meaning or something. even &quot;Treefingers,&quot; a bunch of keyboard noise, seems to be hiding something deep that the rest of us havent picked up on yet. how many bands could take a 3-chord repeating melody and turn it into this weird hypnotic journey into the subconsious? (&quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot;) To wrap things up, if you want something completely different, that's both mellow and intense at the same time, that grows on you with every listen, this is for you.
0449002632|3.0|I am living in London at the moment and thought it might be nice to read a book set in the streets I now walk everyday so I picked this up. There were some great moments in this book, that I liked just because of the familiarity of the surroundings 'oh so that's what the Charing Cross is' and I might actually be able to win a few thousand pounds on British 'Who wants to be a Millionaire' with the trivia of Kings and Queens I picked up, but I have to admit the story was lacking. I kept waiting for something to bring it all togethor but alas I was constantly disapointed everytime a new century started in the book. To call it a collection of short stories is more accurate, with some of the stories better than the others (see the foundling Ducket jump off the bridge to save the women he loves, my personal favorite). all in all I picked up quite a bit of London history, and the book was usually entertaining but I was dissapointed that is did not flow better.
B00004XONN|5.0|ok, before you read this keep in mind i was literally counting down the days for months waiting for Kid A to come out, so I might be a little biased. but i just have to say, this is such an incredible album, it quickly became one of my favorite cd's. it definitely isn't a rock record, which seems to be the problem most people have with it. but its one of the most unique things i've heard in a long time. i think 30 years from now, when we talk of major ground-breaking records, Kid A will be right up there with Sgt. Pepper and Dark Side of the Moon. everything they do on it seems to have some sort of hidden meaning or something. even &quot;Treefingers,&quot; a bunch of keyboard noise, seems to be hiding something deep that the rest of us havent picked up on yet. how many bands could take a 3-chord repeating melody and turn it into this weird hypnotic journey into the subconsious? (&quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot;) To wrap things up, if you want something completely different, that's both mellow and intense at the same time, that grows on you with every listen, this is for you.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|My two teen sons asked me to view and review this flick as objectively as possible since my taste in movies tends to lean toward foreign, epic, mainstream or romance. The first thing I noticed is that this 30+something mom was tapping her feet and getting into things even as the beginning credits were rolling.<br />With that said, if you're looking for a film-piece of Shakespeare, stop here. Don't get me wrong, I adore some of the Bard. However, if you crave eye &amp; ear candy as fine as a schweeet cherry Porsche's whineee--lock &amp; load this DVD pronto.  Ya see, &quot;Gone In 60 Seconds&quot; (a remake by action master Bruckhiemer) is all about the Benjamins baby--fast cars, sleazy bars, and heady crimson-lipped women. True, plots run a bit thin, though Memphis' (Cage) brotherly love and loyalties are heartening. His mad boosting, and driving skills to save his little bro's pitiful criminal life, are heart stopping.<br />I even found the clever illicit mix of hip-hop generation vs. old way thievery engaging; techno-popping-lock-tools, computer hacking scams joined with wit, common sense, and savviness allow these guys &amp; gal (Ms. Lips Jolie) to get in and out of trouble faster than you can munch down any &quot;skid-dles&quot; slappy. Admiring professional car thieves may be perplexing, but hey, you're supposed to. Besides, there's an entire set of foreign bad buys to despise.<br />Humorous bits, (waiting on a dog's sh**), non-stop action, a myriad of exquisite cars, and one superb soundtrack including: War's &quot;Lowrider&quot;, Moby's &quot;Flower&quot;, The Cult's &quot;Painted On My Heart&quot;, (including their video in the DVD enhancements), to mention a few---all allows you to vicariously put the pedal to the medal and be goneeeeee--in more ways than 60 seconds
B00003CWL6|2.0|This film has been so immoderately praised that it is time, perhaps, for a more sober assessment. And when you get below the hype there is not much here to get excited about. Take the acting. Kevin Spacey does not act particularly well in this film, in fact he hardly acts at all - he walks through the part, looking every bit as smug as he does when interviewed. To suggest that this role merited an Oscar is to lose any sense of what acting is all about. Similarly with the script: it is not bad, but hardly a masterpiece. In fact it is full of tedious, shop-worn, caricatures, the most unpleasant of them being the martinet father who turns out to be a repressed homosexual (natch!). Shades here of Lawrence's Prussian Officer. But if a writer has to resort to this kind of easy target then he is really not working hard enough. But then the whole script is just too easy. Does the film end up telling us anything new about a mid-life crisis? Not really. Poor Lester Burnham rediscovers the power of lust and a good workout. Good for him. Only the cinematographer, Conrad Hall, really deserved the Oscar that he got. The film looks good - unfortunately this beauty is really only skin deep.
B0000004V2|5.0|Over a decade on from the Manchester scene which spawned the Roses, the Happy Mondays, and various other lesser bands, &quot;The Stone Roses&quot; is pretty much the only album from that time which survives with its dignity intact.  From start to finish, every track is still an absolute classic, infused with John Squire's inventive guitar and the pulsating genius of the rhythm section.  There are albums which are called 'timeless' but fail to cross generational lines or break across predefined musical genres, but this album effortlessly bypasses both of the aforementioned hurdles.  Its appeal is practically universal, its songs still sound as bright and optimistic as the day you first heard them, and it IS timeless in every definition of the word.  There are bands that want to influence music and there are bands that talk about having an influence on music, but this is a band that really DID influence and forever alter the musical landscape.  Its influence can be heard in practically every guitar-based British band of the nineties and its presence still towers over those who have tried to copy its blueprint.  I'd give it six out of five stars if I could.  Essential.
B000001E18|1.0|I bought Zooropa on the strength of U2's other recordings.  Put it on the CD player and after five or six tries, gave up.  I can't imagine how anyone can listen to this -- let alone call it one of U2's best. . . I've read that the band went into the studio without any written material.  Sounds to me like they swept this stuff off the cutting room floor and put it into an album because they knew millions of fans would buy it on the strength of their previous stuff.  So much for their commentary against commercialism!  I want my money back.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Well, I have read all the reviews for this album, and it seems that everyone is concerned about the profanity, especially with one of the songs where Fred Durst swears at least 100 times.    In my personal opinion I liked the album,(especially Take A Look Around and Stripper) it is definatley different from their first two, but that's what makes it their best one, you can actually tell that they took their time with this one, and actually thought it through.    For the one's that didn't like the album that's your opinion, but don't try to push your opinion on other people, and don't assume that anyone who liked it is a 13 year old.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Once you wade through all the glamour and hype, this album just doesn't make the cut. Aside from the thrilling information on how the Beatles swiftly became the dominant force in pop music, there's nothing special about this disc. I believe firmly that greatest-hits compilations are for lightweight and newer listeners. A true Beatles fan won't fall for all the propaganda: This is, by far, the worst Beatles disc I own. All I can say is, &quot;Thank God it's the Beatles,&quot; because if it weren't... I wouldn't give it the time of day (let alone valuable listening space). If you're huge on the Beatles, don't bother looking into this album. If you're new to the whole Beatles deal, I suppose this would be a good place to start. Disappointed? Remember that no group makes music to be later patched onto a compilation CD. Listen to this first, and once you've caught onto the new wave of Beatle-mania, go buy the real records.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first heard Dido in a movie theater, of all places, tucked in among the dull pre-movie elevator music. I'm a devotee of most &quot;chick singers,&quot; including Sarah and Indigo Girls, and Dido immediately stuck out as someone I would enjoy. So when I left the theater I ordered &quot;No Angel&quot; right away, and when it came I...put it on my shelf and forgot about it. This was in late 1999 or early 2000. Then, in June 2000, a friend recommended it to me, and I've been hooked ever since. I've always compared her voice to Sarah's, but when you hear them back to back you realize that there's more of an edge to Dido, a distinction that is very clear in her lyrics. Her songs are a little angrier and lean a little more toward empowerment and strength than Sarah's typical go-gently-into-the-night sorrow songs. They deal with real-world issues like love, breaking up, cheating, and even abortion rather than Sarah's angels and mysteries. Someone else here compared No Angel to Sarah's song &quot;Possession,&quot; and I would agree; I would say it's much more like that entire album---Fumbling Toward Ecstasy. But Dido puts a spin on it that is all her own. I'm looking forward to her next album.<br />Oh, and I try to ignore her connection with Eminem. It makes me feel better.
0201633612|5.0|Truly, after reading this book, you won't ever think about object-oriented design in the same way. (Maybe a little bit exaggerating if you are pattern guru). You would be able to solve specific design problems and make object-oriented designs more flexible, elegant, and ultimately reusable using these patterns. These patterns help designers reuse successful designs by basing new designs on prior experience. The whole design process will be much faster (without reinventing the wheels) and reliable (with proven technique). It also increased common communication ground between designers and developers.<br />Somebody suggested to use them(the patterns) with caution, and he argued why \\"everyone seemed to be trying to do EVERYTHING at run-time, and nothing at compile time\\", the answer here is FLEXIBILITY, EXTENSIBILITY. If you can finish your every task at compiling time and there is no need to interface with other(external) systems and make enhancements(changes), that is great. You gain the performance with \\"rigid\\" code. There is really nothing wrong with it. However, in software industry, \\"Change Request\\" is its middle name, nothing can be guaranteed but changes. If you bind everything at compile time, you end up with tightly coupled system without any adaptation capability. And the similar situation why \\"Work was ALWAYS delegated off to some object far far away\\", and keyword here is DECOUPLING. As to some \\"13 layer inheritance\\", that is nothing to do the patterns (I think it is really due to system analysis), actually some patterns will be able to help you to reduce the inheritance tree. I suggest Using these patterns with NO FEAR (If you truly understand what is behind the scence).<br />Don't be surprised that you can even make client/server (or distributed) system out of these patterns (i.e., Observer (Stock price notification), Command (remote execution), etc.) with minimal efforts, even though the authors claimed these patterns are not for network models.<br />I believe every designer and developer would benefit from authors' wisdom and insights about OOD with patterns. Please do not argue the sample codes were not in JAVA (EXCEPT you don't know JAVA at all and can not understand what the pattern means, in which case I think it would make this argument self defeated.) It is really the concept that works here not the programming language.<br />BTW, this review refers to the CD version which works extremely well for cross link(reference).
B00004SCX6|1.0|I recieved this CD for my birthday for some reason. I listened to it all the way through and was very unhappy. All the songs on here are very catchy and hard to resist to sing along to. But when it all comes down to it...The lyrics sound like a 13 year old girls poems..or letters..or in some case diary entries. Ive seen Britney Spears perform and she can dance, but obviously cant carry a simple tune. Her voice is very annoying on this album. All the songs pretty much sound the same. And I would not recommend this album,unless of course your 13 years or younger. I can recognize talent when i hear it, and i dont hear any of it on this CD. People comparing Britney with Christina? I dont think so. Im not a fan of any but clearly grab Christina's latest CD &quot;Mi Reflejo&quot; and TRY to compare them. I think you'll know which is the one with the actual talent, and not just looks. I'll tell you..its not Britney, thats for sure. This album is even worst than her debut.
B000050XEI|5.0|Some people may think that Enya has kept her music the same.But that is why we like her so much,because she can be consistent with her music and still produce a sound that is second to none. The CD is top notch.
B00000J7SS|5.0|I bought this record already in the early 80s, as a vinyl record, and finally I bought it as a CD, because without this record a jazz collection is not complete. This music is so different from anything else, inside and outside jazz. I still remember clearly how surprised I was by this unfamiliar fabric of sounds, like not being the result of jazz influences at all.
B00005221M|5.0|I truly loved this movie and all of its magnificents, You couldn't ask for a better War, Romance Film.  I love how it showed the true meaning to war and what it did to win a battle for love and freedom. The scenery in this film is simply captivating how it showed natural habitation of the Mohican people.  Don't get me wrong I love this movie but what  Charles. R. Clack said about how DVD cut out all the great lines and added new lines to chingachgook at the end &quot;He was right&quot;.  Overall I deffinitely recommend this movie to people who love a great History,Romance.
B00004TH83|5.0|To those of you who are fans of good, quality music sung by artists that really are passionate about what their music says, I highly suggest that you purchase the self-titled, first English-release by Lara Fabian. Her first release, &quot;I Will Love Again&quot; became a Top 40 release earlier this year, giving Lara enough exposure for anybody to listen. After hearing this song, I went and purchased the CD, and I was blown away. The strength, passion, and power in Lara's voice was incredible. Though many of her songs on this CD are love ballads, the style in which they are written and performed would make any recording artist drool. &quot;Broken Vow&quot; combines contemporary music with old-time flair, with a dash of old-fashioned romantic heartache to create a serious, passionate ballad that would make any listener drop his jaw. Then there is my favorite, &quot;Givin' Up on You.&quot; While this song also is a &quot;heartache&quot; ballad, the vocal power and finesse comes out to melt your heart. Combined with the instrumentation to set the mood, Lara gives her all on this song. Being a fan of non-mainstream music, this CD is a perfect example of what MTV, Top 40 radio, and other mainstream sources are missing by playing their usual assortment of garbage over and again. Lara Fabian is an outstanding artist that after one listen, will melt your heart and soul.
0062502182|1.0|This book belongs to the newly-fashionable trend according to which, the worse-written and emptier a book is, the more &quot;wisdom&quot; and &quot;life teachings&quot; it is reported to contain! Please! It didn't tell me anything I didn't know since I was five - and it's not even as touching and delicate as &quot;The Little Prince&quot;!
B000056N8X|4.0|...in order to make it fit into an 84 minute time frame. This DVD release will reportedly restore a lot of the missing sequences. Since I enjoyed the theatrical release, flaws and all, I anticipate that this edition will be even better. The music was magnificent, Adrian Paul was a classic hero reminiscent of a younger Sean Connery, with the martial arts/swordplay skills to back it up. Lambert turned in a heartwrenching performance. I was a fan of the HIGHLANDER TV series and found this to be a great tribute to the characters and the HIGHLANDER saga overall. A must-see.
0811826848|5.0|For us baby boomers, it's a wonderful book, and would be a fabulous gift.
B000002UAU|5.0|Trying to write a review of the Beatles' &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; album is pretty pointless these days---we're talking about an album that practically the entire UNIVERSE agrees is a classic milestone recording not only for the Beatles &amp; for pop music, but for music in general. The praise for this 1967 album, and for what the Beatles achieved with it, has already been said a zillion times before, so I don't really have anything new to add. Still, I'd like to make a comment about this wonderful album, anyway.Just WHY is &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; so universally revered? Quite simply, it's because the Beatles, who had started out with simple pop tunes like &quot;Love Me Do&quot; &amp; &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand,&quot; had now graduated into the BIG leagues of songwriting, singing, playing, and production. Don't get me wrong, I love the catchy songs of the early albums like &quot;Please Please Me&quot; &amp; &quot;With The Beatles&quot;, but by the time John, Paul, George &amp; Ringo had gotten to &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot; they had totally taken the world by storm by transforming themselves from a fun bubblegum group into an absolutely *phenomenal* music-making collective. Their musical growth displayed on &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; was simply astonishing.Of course, the Beatles' maturity in their music-making had been a gradual thing over the past several albums, and I don't really NEED to convince you on how brilliant the band had become on &quot;Help,&quot; &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; &amp; &quot;Revolver&quot;---you can hear quite plainly on these albums that, by this time, these guys wanted to create songs that carried just a TAD more musical weight than the boy-meets-girl variety they started out with (as good as those songs are). Heading towards &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot; the Beatles were constantly climbing up a ladder &amp; pushing up the bar---EVERY album was better than the one that came before it. And by 1967, when the band had officially retired from touring andwere strictly going to make the recording studio their laboratory, their next album was *destined* to be something that was going to be truly extraordinary....Quite simply, &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; is the Beatles' greatest achievement, as all the songs, from the classic, rousing opener of the title track to the gorgeous Lennon/McCartney masterwork &quot;A Day In The Life,&quot; are such great works of art. Nobody had ever heard the Beatles like THIS before---this sure was a far cry from the moptop &quot;Hard Days Night&quot; version of the group. They had oh-so-obviously come a VERY long way as a band, indeed. With a pop album as musically stunning as this, how could the world NOT fall in love with it? And the world did.I'm not going to analyze for you every single song on &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;---that's already been done before. I'm just going to say that John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison &amp; Ringo Starr gave the world a very beautiful gift with this truly magnificent album. From the rousing first notes to the stunning, legendary final note that concludes &quot;A Day In The Life,&quot; the Beatles' songwriting, singing, musicianship, and studio production on &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;---with a little help from their producer chum George Martin---is simply a joy to behold. You'd have to be a REAL Ebeneezer Scrooge to not like this album. Needless to say, &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; truly is an outstanding classic that's worthy of all the praise bestowed upon it. A real &quot;every home should have one&quot; kind of album. Thank you, Beatles.
0694003611|5.0|This is a great bedtime book.  The words are so simple and melodic.  My son loved this book.  This book fits into a successful bedtime routine very well. You'll love this book.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|Some very funny bits including those dealing with the Killer's problems with his victims and the clever references to other recent horror movies like Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer are totally overshadowed by too many other scenes that are just down right disgusting. How this movie ever received a R rating is beyond me.
0679736646|5.0|I read this book about a month ago and it keeps coming back to mind over and over - a sign of a good read!  I was reminded this evening by various Internet popup ads how commercial messages can make their way into the semi-conscious.  This particular book was interesting but not as gripping as some other PKD books - perhaps the effect was more subtle (and that's not entirely bad).  I managed to put this one down once, whereas other PKD books I read in one sitting.  I wish I'd read this before seeing &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; - it may have effected my take on the book, which shared a couple basic twists.
0880381736|4.0|OK, so it's not high art, but it is a pretty good fantasy series. It is unusual in that it is the first fantasy series I know of that was directly based on the Dungeons &amp; Dragons role-playing game. If you think about it, it implies that fantasy has come full circle. Fantasy gaming was in large part originally based on Lord of the Rings and similar, later fantasy books. Some fantasy series before this one seemed to be based on D&amp;D, but at least pretended to be original works. The Shannara books spring to mind in this regard. But Dragonlance Chronicles was unapologetically based on D&amp;D (actually Advanced Dungeons &amp; Dragons, or AD&amp;D, but it's basically the same), and published by TSR, the company that produced D&amp;D. It chronicles the adventures of a party of characters in a home-made D&amp;D world setting called Krynn. As such, I thought it was well-done and very interesting. I may have been partial to it because I've been a long-time D&amp;D player, but I find it no worse than most other fantasy series out there, and better than many I've read before and since.<BR><BR> Each character shares a bit of the spotlight in the story, and characterization is detailed and consistent. The characters themselves are interesting, from the bouncy and amusing kender thief Tasslehoff to the dark and brooding mage Raistlin. There's something for everyone, really.<BR><BR> The writing itself is not great, but not bad for a first novel. There are a couple parts where it seems a bit clunky, but nothing that interferes with the overall storytelling. The story itself was interesting enough to keep me reading. Like most other fantasy stories, what's at stake is the future of the world. But this saga is well executed with enough focus on the characters and their quest to make it an original story.<BR><BR> I didn't really care for the gully dwarves or the tinker gnomes in the world of Krynn. But they will probably appeal to some readers more than they did to me. Apart from that, the rest of the world of Krynn is enough of a departure from ordinary D&amp;D that gamer/readers won't get hung up on the game stats of the characters or monsters. <BR><BR> In short, the series should be pretty enjoyable for gamers, and I suspect non-gamers might find it a good story and a good introduction to the fantasy concepts of D&amp;D.
0446677450|5.0|Wow, this is a great read, a good book for a parent to give a teen or adult child.
079284470X|5.0|Laugh if you must, but this film is one of my all time favorite films. I saw it in the theater, twice, when I was eleven year of age, then rented it about a million times (on BETA!) when it came out on video. Yes, I know it is cheesy and not a work of art, but it is a CUTE movie that I loved at eleven and continue to love at twenty-five.<br />Maybe I'm just a romantic at heart, but films where two people who find each other to spite all odds make me feel good. Movies like this make you believe in romance, and even a pescimist like myself needs to believe in some kind of hope and love.<br />Now with Kim Cattrall's fame being skyrocketted with Sex And The City I'm hoping more people will discover what a great movie this really is. Most of Kims are, I've seen a lot of them (even the early ones which are beyond scary...and then there's Porkys...)<br />Also, one must not forget that even with all the bad reviews this film recieved, it made a lot of money at the box office and on video and even spawned a sequal; (which was pretty bad, but still cool to see nonetheless)not to mention the fact that it was nominated for an Academy Award in 1988 (for Best Original Song but STILL :)<br />This is also a good movie to watch when you want to see some great actors early works, such as James Spader, and it also let you see what Estelle Getty looked like when she wasn't in a lot of makeup playing Sophia Patrillo on &quot;The Golden Girls&quot;; not to mention Mesach Taylor who doesn't seem to be doing that much acting now, but did appear in the sequal and Designing Women for the extent of it's run.<br />In the end, every movie has it's devoted fans and I'm one of them.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I think people should be a little more open. I mean they get on, most having no clue what she sounds like, and make total judgements on the CD. I mean this is not the best CD but it is by far not the worst. What really bugs me is that some people get on judge her on her on how she dresses or what she looks like which is totally bogus. If someone wants to dress like her they do it for themselves not for anyone else, so people should just leave her alone. Now, I have listened to the CD several times and I don't get what is wrong with it. So what If she doesn't sing as high (and loud) as Jessica Simpson who wants to hear that crap anyway? And what is this I would rather listen to Christina Aguilara? What do you people see in this follower. People diss Brittney but who says Christina is any better. Who here saw her at the VMA's and since when is Christina miss perfect. As for Christina's outfit people where more to the beach. I just think people should listen more to the music, not just looking at the person who sings it. So everyone out there if you like the CD don't go off and not get it because your friends say so, get it because it's alot better than that other teeny bopper crap out there!
B00003Q43A|4.0|Let's face it, Independence Day was a whole load of hype.  The movie itself wasn't too bad, it just wasn't that very good either.  All the hype gave this movie a lot of popularity and made the movie a lot of money.  Thank God Fox decided to release the movie in such a nice DVD package, I mean we should expect these kind of DVD's from Fox, they gave us hit DVD's such as Fight Club and The Abyss.  They came through again, realeasing a great DVD package that will boost this movie up sci-fi charts.  Another two-disc set from Fox, the first disc contains the feature.  Great picture and an excellent new Dolby 5.1 mix are just the beginning.  From the menu, you can choose to play the theatrical version, or the new Special Edition which has 9 minutes of additional footage(nothing too special though).  The movie also has two audio commentary tracks.  One from director Roland Emmerich and producer Dean Devlin, and another from Oscar-winning special effects supervisors Volker Engel and Doug Smith.  That's only the beginning.  The second disc is loaded with features.  3 documentaries!!!  One is a 30-minute documentary on making ID4, the second is a 22-minute mockumentary that is quite entertaining, and the third is the 30-minute HBO First Look documentary.  The disc also has the original ending to the movie(thank God they didn't stay with it), Storyboards, artwork, and production stills.  Disc also has a DVD-ROM game and a DVD-ROM weblink.  Some trailers and tv-spots also appear.  Even if you did not like ID4, but want to give it another try, go with this excellent DVD package, it might change your mind.  Thanks again Fox!
B000000OUJ|4.0|gza of the wu tang clan releases a classic hip hop album with bad ass beats courtesy of the reliable producer,rza of the wu tang.the lyrics are intelligent and complex.the album starts off with &quot;liquid swords&quot;,which has a continuous bass line and gutitar that makes it a favorite of the album.thats rza's secret,throwing in unexpected beats that make his style one of a kind in the rap scene.from guitars to piano and even bombs going off are used.as usual members of the wu tang clan guest appear making the album more enjoyable.especially on the song &quot;4th chamber&quot; where ghostface killa,rza,and killa priest get down.other great tracks are,&quot;duel of the iron mic&quot;,&quot;living in the world today&quot; and &quot;i gotcha back&quot;.an excellent album.
B000001Y9I|4.0|This album really shows that DP does not need Blackmore to make great music. Progressive, and with fresh blood in their veins the boys just dig in to thier instruments and deliver a melodic and groovy album in the finest DP spirit! The song &quot;Sometimes i feel like screaming&quot; is one of their best ever (Check out the live version with the London Symphony Orchestra)!
6305696071|5.0|Was the title for one of the best reviews I read for Pretty Woman back when I was only fifteen years of age. I was forbidden to see the film, my mother thinking I would instantly be standing on street corners looking for Lotuses, but I saw it anyway. Three times. When it came on video I watched it until the tape died and I needed to buy another, and another. Then, I bought a DVD player JUST for it. I've gotten into many heated discussions about how this movie degrades women and gives young girls the wrong ideas about things. But that is NOT how I look at it at all.<br />My favorite scene in the movie is when Vivian and Edward are in bed, talking and Vivian goes on about how she ended up in Los Angeles to begin with by following a &quot;bum&quot; that her mother called her a &quot;bum magnet&quot; &quot;If there was a bum within a fifty mile radius I was completly attracted to him.&quot; But the line that stuck with me the most was &quot;When people put you down enough you start to believe it&quot; and Edward replies &quot;I think you are a very charming, very beautiful woman&quot; Vivians reply is full of emotion when she replies &quot;The bad stuff is easier to believe...have you ever noticed that?&quot; Which is true.<br />Maybe it's just me, but I think that this movie is just a fairytale, and fairytales are there to make you believe in something that is totally unbelievable. This movie gives you hope, show's you that even if you're life is misserable, that even if you are a bum magnet; if you don't give up hope a millionare in a Lotus might be just around the corner.<br />&quot;Welcome to Hollywood, what's your dream? Some dreams come true, some don't, but this is Hollywood, always time for dreams so keep on dreaming&quot; Words that ring so true.
0451169514|5.0|The book I read was IT by Stephen King.  I think this book definately classified as a horor/suspense novel because of the content.  In this book a group of children try and conquer an age old evil that haunts their litle town of Derry, Maine.  The book switches points of view which makes it more suspenseful and interesting.  This book has stories on the side of the main tale that tie in with the plot throughout the book, it makes you realize the control this evil has on the town.  I would reccomend this book for people with high maturity levels and high reading level.   I found this book at the Winnetonks School Library.  A quote I would say that most explains my reaction to the book would be &quot;Life is like a box of chocolates, you NEVER know what your gonna get&quot;- Tom Hanks, Forrest Gump
0399146253|3.0|Patricia Cornwell is one of my favorite writers, and even her less sterling works make for a darned good read.  The Last Precinct, however, was disappointing.  Instead of a new, compelling situation, Scarpetta is still muddling about in an old one.  Not only are the characters largely the same, but the current text makes the reader feel that the writer has reneged on the closure of Black Notice.  At the end of The Last Precinct, one is left with the impression that the next book will simply be Black Notice, 3rd edition.  Kay Scarpetta is a fascinating character, in an ideal occupation to solve the puzzle and identify the bad guy/gal, and the technical detail Cornwell provides the reader adds immesurably to the reader's enjoyment.  However, I believe Cornwell does a disservice to her readers when the protagonist does more than a modicum of wallowing in the past--both the personal issues and plot development rely entirely too much on back story; the reader is left uninterested and confused by all the backtracking and the rehash of old news.  Cornwell is superior at her craft, but readers look for new situations in new books, and The Last Precinct fails to provide a new mystery that readers care about.  In the final analysis it is readers who care about what happens to a character who will buy future books.
B00003CXDF|1.0|I cannot believe this movie made more money than the original which was far far far far better.  This isn't mission impossible style, it's action crap that doesn't make much sense and was a waste of people's money.  How in God's name did this movie do so well, better than the Perfect Storm and that was a wet piece of garbage too.  It did twice as good as X-Men and that movie was amazing...action combined with good story-telling.  I want to let everyone know that if you're planning on buying this, I feel sorry for you and your hard earned money.  Good luck.
B00004YZFR|3.0|As a documentary, one could not argue that this is fantastic. Unfortunately, the Stones live performances are hardly inspiring. Keith Richards said himself that it was like learning how to play all over again. This was the first time the Stones used PAs (Power Amps). That's why you hear all of that awful feedback. At this time, the Stones were reportedly into their heroin phase, and for some odd reason (yes, they tuned their instruments themselves) but not one damn song is in tune. Nonetheless, Satisfaction is the true highlight music-wise. Under My Thumb is the pitts, but under the circumstances, the whole Altamont show sucks. Keith at the time played a glass-body guitar known as a Dan Armstrong, notorious for not staying in tune. He later switched to Fender. If you want to see better performances of the Stones, you're better off w/ &quot;Ladies and Gentlemen, the Rolling Stones (w/ Mick Taylor)&quot; and &quot;Let's Spend the Night Together (w/ Ron Wood - &quot;technically&quot; not as good as Taylor, but far more of a Stone, who fused with Richards' rhythm-lead style (both influenced by Chuck Berry) - and Ron convinced Keith to switch to Fender Telecasters (Thank God).
B000002UAO|5.0|&quot;Rubber Soul&quot; changed the Beatles Music into another direction.Brian Wilson wrote the Classic,&quot;Pet Sounds&quot; after hearing the record in 1965.The First cut,&quot;Norwegian Wood,&quot;was a big mistake for John.His wife at the time,Cynthia,knew he was having an affair after hearing this beutifull number.There's so many well know songs,&quot;Nowhere Man,Michelle,Drive my Car,(My Favorite)In my life, and &quot;You won't see me.&quot; I love the song &quot;Girl,&quot; with John's deep nose breathing.He did the same thing on &quot;Happeness is a warm Gun,&quot; from the Beatles &quot;White Album.&quot;Ringo even has a great country song,&quot;What goes on,&quot; and George's &quot;IF I needed someone,&quot; is Brilliant.After &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot;the Beatles kept growing to higher levels,with &quot;Revolver,&quot; and the one album were still talking about,&quot;Sgt.Pepper.&quot; If you are a Beatle fan,you have to experience this fantastic CD.
B000050IMG|3.0|Scary Movie is a spoof of the recent horror movie, Scream.  Throw in a little of &quot;I know what you did last summer&quot;, &quot;The Matrix&quot;, &quot;Sixth Sense&quot;, &quot;Blair Witch Project&quot;(one scene that we have all seen spoofed far too much, but funny if like looking at someone's nasal drippings), Scream 2, oh...i know there's more and there's one spoof I don't want to mention cuz it would give away too much. I didn't love this movie, although I am a fan of the spoof movies of the past.  It had alot of funny parts, but some of them were just plan stupid.  Shannon Elizabeth (of American Pie fame) gets the stupid part in the film when she is killed off. I certainly wasn't offended at this movie.  I think one needs to go into this movie completely open minded and game for anything gross and funny, at the same time.  It does have some truly hilarious parts.  I have to say that Lochlyn Munro, who plays Greg, has got to be one of the best parts of this movie. He has a great energy about him. All the actors did a pretty good job.  It isn't an oscar winning script by any means, but if you were looking for that you wouldn't be watching this.  In closing, Scary Movie is fun.  It's a good spoof film with alot of humor, whether gross or just plain funny. It's worth the rental fee, but I wouldn't buy it.
B000000OU4|5.0|I just want to add something not really mentioned by the other reviewers.  Pat Metheny is one of the most melodic improvisors living today.  For anyone not really familiar with his music this would be an excellent place to start.  Many players in jazz/rock/fusion are technically brilliant but forgettable.  Not Pat.  His solos are unfailingly melodic and this CD is full of friendly grooves to support him.  You'll like it.
B000005RT8|5.0|....  This follow up to his debut post-beatle collection is Mccartney at his most experimental and playful. Its a real home -made effort and he uses synthesisers to great effect. The vocoder effect to his voice on the brilliant COMING UP creates a sound unheard of  on any other of his other recordings . Together with quirky instrumentals, his BEST BALLAD of all time(INCL BEATLES!) -the stunning WATERFALLS, the incredibly catchy TEMPORARY SECRETARY , the dreamy bluesy ON THE WAY, along with the laid back ballad ONE OF THESE DAYS(with a lovely LINDA harmony) this is an ESSENTIAL PURCHASE for any real lover of music!
B00000IP2L|5.0|After what he's done with this album, I could care less if Zakk and Ozzy ever did another thing together again.  The core of this album is a medium-paced, bluesy-metal (see Ozzmosis, My Jekyll Doesn't Hide): it creates starts and stops which will hurl you to the stars or drop you off a cliff.  Combined with commendable vocal work, outstanding melodies, and his signature guitar-whistle throughout, the overall impression is something akin to finely honed(brewed?) and brilliantly orchestrated(blended?) madness.  It's what I've been searching for in every album I've ever owned.
B00003CXDG|4.0|One of the things I like about this DVD is that as soon as you put it on the disc tray, it starts right away, without any commercials, warnings, etc. The sound is good, not excellent but very good, and it's pack with many extra features including &quot;Mission Improbable&quot; from MTV (wich is very funny), a Metallica Video, behind the scenes, J. Woo commentaries, stunt and difficult shots (Tom Cruise himself does many of the stunts in the film, incredible), etc. The movie in its own self is the very signature of John Woo: ACTION. Whoever who expected it to be more than an action thriller, really needs to loosen up. This is a forget-your-problems-and-enjoy-the-movie-with-some-popcorn kind of flic. And it does an excellent work on this. I have almost 200 DVD's and Mission Impossible 2 is on one of the most watched in my collection. Highly recommended for those action fans.
0064471837|4.0|Though I've long since passed the &quot;appropriate&quot; age to read young adult fantasy books, I try to read all of the ones that have come out since I entered aduldhood. I found out about Sabriel on amazon -- it was listed on many people's favorites lists. What a find! I finished the book in one sitting, completely entranced. Mr. Nix's imagination shines in the pages of Sabriel. While the basis of the plot is farly standard -- young orphan-like girl has adventures, finds strength she didn't know she had, experiences love -- it's the details that really stand out. The story of the Abhorsen, in particular, is fascinating. I don't, however, give the book 5 stars because it left a few loose ends here and there, and could have used a tad more editing. It's a fun read, though, recommended for anyone who enjoys Robin McKinley, Lloyd Alexander, Philip Pullman, and C.S. Lewis.
B00004WF68|1.0|When the UK reissued MR FANTASY last year, it contained the stereo and mono versions of the album. When it hits the U.S., you're forced to buy two different cds to get basically the same single disc (several of the tracks are carry-overs from the UK reissues of TRAFFIC &amp; JOHN BARLEYCORN). In the end, to have all three releases, you'll have to purchase four separate discs! This is why I buy imports, they come out earlier, and are usually better deals both price wise and in content. Compare the versions and you'll see what I mean. As for the music contained here - BRILLIANT! One of the top twenty psych albums of the 60's.
6305909326|5.0|The Ninth Gate is one of my favorite movies that came out this year for the following reasons. First of all, the cinematography of this film is absolutely brilliant and establishes a heavy dark mood throughout fitting for an investigation of this nature. The boundaries of reality seem sketchy and blurred. Secondly, I always love the acting of Johnny Depp, and cannot say enough great things about the mysterious woman who shows up frequently throughout the film. Thirdly, Like The Blair Witch, this film does not spell everything out but rather lets you draw your own conclusions. In this film, unlike &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; the technique really works well. Also, the artwork incorporated into this rare book is so cool looking and awesome. Yes, the pace is slower than the current trash Hollywood pumps out, but if you surrender your preconceptions, the Ninth Gate will move you.
B00004Y87I|5.0|If this can happen to me, a freshman, it can happen to you. &quot;The Secret Life of Walter Mitty&quot; is one great movie that I suggest every cynical person out there should sit down and watch. Mr. Kaye is hillarious and he'll make you a believer. I never thought that anyone was as funny as Ryan Stiles (one of my favorite actors), as talented as Mark Hamill (another favorite), and as lovable as Michael J. Fox (another favorite). The best number in this movie is...well, which could I choose from? I'd have to say that the scene where Mr. Kaye is imitating an old teacher of his. It got my class laughing...tell your kids to watch this movie. The younger ones may not get it, but you should still let them watch it. To this day, every time I read my Walter Mitty story in my reading book, I always think of my research teacher saying, &quot;So, how's Walter Mitty doing?&quot; I have to get this movie for my friends to see!
B000001ELP|4.0|In 1981 KISS decided to go for \\"arena rock respectibility\\" with a concept album. It worked beautifully for the Who & Floyd. However, the concept LPs of those bands were personal projects: \\"Quadrephenia\\" was about British street life of the 60s while \\"Tommy\\" delt with the taboo subjects of child abuse, drugs, religious cults and pinball. And Pink Floyd's concept pieces were all about their LSD-popping founder Syd Barret.  For their concept Kiss chose a Dungons n Dragons story which isn't easy to follow. Story aside, though, the music is proof that their creativity didn't lie in their makeup. (NOT singing about sex helped!) For the first time ever Gene caries a tune without growling on \\"world without heros\\" (co-wrote by ex-Velvet Lou Reed), \\"only you\\" and the incredible \\"under the rose\\". Even Paul has a beautiful moment with \\"just a boy\\". Ace provides his proudest song with \\"dark light\\". There are flaws: \\"Mr. Blackwell\\"  (suposedly the \\"story's\\" villan but, really, an obviously attack on a certain fassion critic who dubbed them \\"worst dressed band\\") and the symphonic \\"oddessy\\". This unsuccessfully album still, unfortunately, wins distain from Kiss fans -and Kiss themselves-today. (Gene dismissed it as \\"a bad Genisis album\\"!) But, much like the Stones' \\"satanic majisties\\", this album has a cult following amoung non-fans. And, unlike their solo LPs and their pop/dicso flirtations (\\"Unmasked\\", \\"Dynasty\\") \\"The Elder\\" got better with age (like a fine wine). Give it a chance!<BR>(Receintly I met Gene at an in-store appearence. I told him what a masterpiece I thought \\"The Elder\\" was- you should have seen the dirty look he gave me! And he wasn't wearing make up either! He STILL hates this album- and he's the one who wrote it!)
B00004THAY|5.0|Collaborations are always tricky. Purists complain that one or the other of the artists has been compromised, that somehow the mixture isn't 'pure', and who needs it anyhow, there are plenty of CDs by each of them. Hogwash. Collaborations are pure fun, and when they are done by established hall-of-famers, the totality is almost always greater than the sum of the parts.<br />I first saw BB King in 1968, and Clapton a few years later. This CD is for the memories as much for the music. And the music is great. Nothing new, but who needs something new from Clapton playing with King? These guys have nothing to prove, they're just jamming and having a good time together. And we get to listen. That should be more than enough for anybody who has followed either or both of these musical geniuses over the years.
0800141865|5.0|Do you know that Larry Flynt himself plays in the movie as Judge Morrissey (Cincinnati Court) ? That's Milos Forman's trademark.
B0000524CY|5.0|This will always be the greatest horror Movie of all time. Maby not the best MOVIE of all time but the greatest horror movie.<br />I don't care what anyone says but IF YOU MISSED this in theaters on its re release you just missed a GREAT masterpiece! You missed out on something VERY special.
B00004XONN|4.0|I LOVED The Bends and OK Computer (despite some people being put off by the experimentalism of the latter, I actually preferred it). <br />Kid A took time to grow on me, and I still think the other two are better. Still, there are some absolutely sublime moments on the album (`How to Disappear Completely' holds its own against any of Radiohead's previous work) and it rewards the proverbial patient listener.
0446677450|3.0|I read this book translated in Korean.<br />If you read any financial book, you would find yourself not too much impressed by this book. If not, then you will be. <br />The book is a collection of writings of Kiyosaki, but written by Lechter, so there is not a good order of organizing informaion. That might disappoint many readers.<br />The main idea of this book is easy to understand, and the rich dad's teaching is valuable. You read this book for these points.<br />After reading, you will find that you like to play Cashflow 101 &amp; 202 game. It is available at eBay. How expensive they are! But you could be inspired to play that game after reading this book.<br />In conclusion, I will give 3 stars if you ever know personal finance; if not, the book is worth 4 stars for you.
B00001QEE5|4.0|Peter Pan is one of my favorite all-time Disney movies. It's a very good example of the wonderful sense of humor and imagination Walt had when he was still alive. It was marvelous to see the film again that as a child I had rented and re-watched so many times my father finally bought it for me.<br />The film has gone through some restoration work and the colors on this DVD version are vivid and beautiful, unlike the faded and sometimes scratchy film I remember from the earlier release I owned as a child. Perhaps it's also a marvel of DVD compared VHS. I would definitely consider this the collector's version of Peter Pan.<br />However, I was hoping for a bit more in the way of special features. I feel this way about most of Disney's releases to DVD. I would loved to have seen more about the development of the film, perhaps a trailer or new reels for its first release, anything. However, the only feature included is an alternate soundtrack in French.<br />I still think that it is worth the extra price for the DVD (but then, my original VHS video was eventually shredded by a broken VCR, so I'm glad to know that will never happen again). It's certainly a movie I still plan to watch again and again.
0451450523|5.0|When I was seven, my mom got me a copy of this book, for some reason, i had always liked unicorns a lot.  this is one of the best researched novels on unicorns i have found.  i have used this book many times in my own research to use as helpful reads for many of the people i talk to about unicorns.  it goes into detail about many Different Mythologies, not just one specific type, and covers a broad spectrum of ideas and theories pertaining to mythology and its origin, meaning and its meaning in daily life.
0380788624|4.0|CQ<br />I have worked in cryptography off and on for going on 25 years and this book, in my opinion, is the best approximation of the field in the novel form. To me this was a five star read, BUT I expect that for readers without a current subscription to Cryptologica it might be considered a difficult read. <br />I would therefore rate it with 5 stars for those with a computer science and cryptography background, 4 stars for those with a computer science background alone, and 3 stars for those willing to dedicate the time to learn both on the fly.<br />GVS OM
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I have never been a fan of the Beatles. It's not that I didn't like them, I just never thought too much about them. But when I saw this CD of number one hits advertised on TV, I was amazed that I knew all the songs (thanks to repeated airplay on oldies stations, I'm sure). It finally hit me that these songs formed part of the soundtrack of my life; and with all these songs together on one CD, I could buy a CD where I knew and LIKED all the songs. With the way the record industry stuffs CDs with so much dreck and filler, I can't remember the last time I bought a CD and liked more than two songs.<br />For the Beatles purists out there, I'm sure this CD is not all that great. But for someone like me, it's a perfect capsule to introduce me to the Fab Four. By buying this CD and reading the reviews on this site, I've learned that the Beatles can be better appreciated by listening to their entire albums. So now I'm more inclined to go out and look for other Beatles music. But without the &quot;1&quot; CD as an intro, I wouldn't know that.<br />I'm impressed by the harmonies, lyrics, and overall musicianship of the Beatles. I never knew how good they were!<br />Although there's not a bad song on the CD, my favorites are &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot; and &quot;Hey Jude.&quot; The surprises were &quot;Lady Madonna&quot; and &quot;Eleanor Rigby.&quot; I had heard Aretha Franklin's version of &quot;Eleanor Rigby,&quot; which is excellent; but it was good to hear the original. &quot;Lady Madonna&quot; has such a funky groove to it. I really like it, too.<br />The accompanying booklet is valuable to a new Beatles fan. It gives you a list (and pictures) of the albums the Beatles released when they were together. <br />For those who may be ambivalent about the Beatles, this CD of number one hits could possibly convert you to fans--I know it did for me! I've listened to it almost everyday since I bought it.<br />Happy listening.
0767802659|5.0|I've read more reviews than I can count that criticize Starship Troopers for being goofy and pointless.  They say that the characters look like they've come straight from Teen magazine, the whole thing reeks of cheese, and the love story is overly sappy.  This is all true.  However, it is also the REASON that this movie is so appealing (at least to me)!  ST is not only a satire of the military, it is a satire of the sci-fi genre as a whole!  It is a satire taken to the extremest of extremes, and although it's gory and violent, it is all done in such a lighthearted manner that it's almost impossible to be offended by it.  So yes, it is a cheesy movie.  But it never claims to be serious!  It must take an incredibly stupid person not to realize that the whole thing is meant to be a silly, fun roller-coaster ride.  Get the point, people!
B00004Z4WR|4.0|Cage es extremista, Angelina esta ardiente. La mejor combinacion para esta temporada, el resultado te tendra araando el sofa.<br />Lo unico malo es la pobre actuacin del torpe de su hermano.
B00004XQ83|5.0|This is the music I fell in love with when I found myself stuck in West Virginia.  Not quite bluegrass, not quite popular country, not quite anything else.  This is a style of its own.  It is a spectacular selection to show off the roots of American music.<br />You got, it baby - this is where our music comes from.<br />This is not a studio-recording perfect, digitally remastered, flawless sound.  This is the sound of life.<br />Close your eyes, ignore the snow outside, and you can imagine you're walking down a dusty country road listening to women on the front porch shellin' peas or men in the fields mowin' hay.  (both of which I've done way too much of...)<br />The spirit of the music is fulfilling, the vocal quality is high.  I've heard most of the music before (county fairs and music festivals), and I enjoyed it just as much again.  This captures the essence of a live performance - without actually being one.<br />For those who think EmmyLou Harris or Garth Brooks are &quot;country music&quot;, take the time to listen to this select of our musical roots.<br />If you only buy one country album this year - pick this one.
B00004U5SS|3.0|Well, for a video &quot;highlighting&quot; the Bungals, it's as good as could be expected.  Nothing earth-shattering, and certainly not an essential watch for anyone.  But, if you're a true die-hard, and continue the shouts of &quot;Who-Dey&quot; despite neverending 3-13 seasons and the worst NFL record of the 1990s, then I suppose you'd be interested in this.
0393317552|5.0|A satisfying read for anyone interested in history, anthropology, or the origins of man. Mr. Diamond treats historical analysis as a scientific journey, while adding personal perspective derived from spending significant time in rather diverse cultures.     There is some focus on the author's life experiences (as the many reviews mentioning New Guinea point out). But these are anecdotes used to strengthen theories put forth based on reasonable evidence. On the theory side, the author's varied life experiences and academic cross-training allow the creation of a work with unusally broad perspective.    Subjects are treated in a reasoned and balanced manner. From my reading, reviewers' concerns of political bias are largely unfounded. For example, regarding the book's statements about \\"the potential for superior natural selection of raw intelligence in New Guinea\\" -- if the author wanted to glorify New Guinean societies as the pinnacle of human achievement, he probably wouldn't have spent so much time discussing their tendencies cannibalism.     This is not an exhaustive treatment on the origins of man, the rise of societies, or anything else; the author says many times that he's painting with a broad brush to illuminate patterns. He does a good job of maintaining a high-altitude view that avoids getting lost in the details, but some may feel that important details are glossed over.    The book won't change your life, but it is an interesting read that may give you a new perspective on some aspects of it.
B00003CWTI|2.0|This film is exceptionally well-acted, and beautifully made.  I just found it rather tiresome.  After the film had built to a climax for about the twelfth time, I got frustrated, and quite frankly sick of all the repetition.  If I had seen Julianne Moore choke back the tears once more I was going to put my foot through the screen!<br />Like Paul Thomas Anderson's earlier Boogie Nights, Magnolia follows a group of people around for an extended period.  And that's about all it does.  It goes from expertly intercut five-way scene to expertly intercut five-way scene to expertly intercut five-way scene to expertly intercut five-way scene to expertly intercut five-way scene to expertly intercut five-way scene to expertly intercut five-way scene to expertly intercut five-way scene to expertly intercut five-way scene and on and on.  It adds some stuff about randomness and coincidence, so that Anderson can tell us that he is doing all of it on purpose, that he is deliberately not tying all the elements together.  How convenient.  It saves Anderson from having to do any of the real work of shaping the elements that he throws on screen, and as a result, his final flourish, involving a rain of frogs, seems more born of desperation than any kind of artistic impulse.<br />Inevitably, the film loses something in the transition to video.  In a theatre, on a big screen, the film had a very real impact that is considerably lessened by moving to televison.  The film's considerable strengths were increased on a big screen.  The film's even more considerable weaknesses are more profoundly evident on video.
B00003CX8J|4.0|When I went to see &quot;X-Men&quot; in theaters I was a little nervous because it had a lot of potential to make for a really awful movie. But I'm happy to say that I was pleasantly surprised to find that this movie is very good. I would recommend it to anyone who likes science fiction or action movies. And people who have no prior exposure to X-Men should give it a chance - my sisters didn't even want to see it and they liked it just as much as I did. There are some changes from the comic book and cartoon series that serious fans may object to, but I thought that in the end they worked out for the better. The casting was perfect, even though Halle Berry's performance was a bit off the mark. Character development is a bit of an issue for the lesser parts, but each character was interesting enough to keep your attention and make you look forward to seeing them again in the sequel (especially Rebecca Romijn-Stamos' surprisingly good turn as the wonderfully wicked, though a bit underused, Mystique). Hugh Jackman was a wonderful find as Wolverine - he has wonderful chemistry with the other actors and makes the difficult range of Wolverine's emotions believable. I can't wait for the sequel!
0881030376|1.0|I wouldn't recommend this book if you like to read things that make sense. Certainly, this book had any point to it whatsoever. The fact that a man would kill his supposed 'friend' just because people are after him is absolutely horrible. There was absolutely no plot to this story and you knew exactly what was going to happen next. This book was a waste of time and a waste of money.
0375501851|2.0|Dreadful fin-de-siecle 'pop-novel'. I had the dubious honour of coming across jean-clad Ms. Smith at a literary awards ceremony the other day and her Oasis-like grunge dress sense reminded me of her writing. <br />White Teeth is a 'cool Britannia' novel for the Blairite age: superficial and pretentious. They can try as hard as they like, but the Oxbridge-brigade can't write authentically about the trials and tribulations of life on the povery line. Caviar anyone?
B000002N2P|5.0|I am a total Green Day fan. I have every one of the six albums and am proud of it. This is arguably my favorite. This review won't be too helpful if I just talk about me though, so here goes...<br />Armatage Shanks- It surprised me at first, sounded distinctly different from 1994's Dookie, but I got used to the slightly heavier, catchy punk sound that is maintained throughouth the recording.<br />Brat- A fun song mostly due to its feisty, irreverent lyrics that magically capture the whole spirit of Green Day. It opens with nothing but vocals and then suddenly burst into a horde of crunchy guitar chords.<br />Stuck With Me- One of my favorite songs by the guys, mostly for the way the words perfectly illustrate how a teen can feel sometimes. The thoughtful yet fast-paced angst makes the song a real keeper.<br />Geek Stink Breath- Great live. Its hard to catch some of what Billie Joe is saying, and he sings it like he been dead for a few days.<br />No Pride- I originally didn't carre for this particular number but grew to like the quick beat and catchy melody.<br />86- Some great lines in this one and a killer chorus that had me hooked from the start. Definitely another one of my faves.<br />Bab's Uvulva Who?- Don't let the odd title distract you from a super and wonderfully negative track that generally produces a feeling of hyperness that is probobly not healthy.<br />Panic Song- I love this. Once you make it through the drug out beginning instrumental, you dive into a song full of lyrics that are above my head but nonetheless terribly enjoyable: &quot;The world is a sick machine/breeding a mass of ...&quot; And how can you not treasure BJ tailing it all off with &quot;I wanna jump out&quot; over and over again?<br />Stuart and the Avenue- Catchy yet not repetitive, you could listen to this 3,000 times in a row and not get sick of it. Please don't test my theory, though.<br />Brain Stew- This huge hit was written at the time of BJ's newborn baby's screaming in the night, hence the tired lyrics and album title. It has a more than memorable base line that was rudely stolen by 2000 raprock superstars Papa Roach. Toooo bad.<br />Jaded- THis quickie is best directly following Brain Stew and plays well blaring mercilessly on the stereo with volume to the max. From what I can tell, it bashes evolution and the human race.<br />Tight Wad Hill- THis was an actual place in Berkely or Oakland or somewhere that could be seen from Billie's school. A fun, fast song that certainly ends too quick. But then, isn't that how all Green Day songs are?<br />Westbound Sign- I've listened to this less that anything on the album. I don't know why, its still a great song to listen to.<br />Walking Contradiction- Wow. I live for this song. Thole thing is just great. All it is is a bunch of contradictory phrases mixed together, back to back. The opening line is the best: &quot;Do as I say not as I do/cause the *'s so deep, you can't run away.&quot; <br />Well, that's it. Buy it! Buy it now! Before the world ends! You'll need all the time possible to listen to it!<br />visit greenday.net for cool stuff on the band if you don't know much about them...
0553288105|4.0|When I was in my early teens, I read virtually all Asimov's science fiction, and I welcomed his resumption of the genre when `Foundation's Edge' first appeared in 1982.  `The Gods Themselves' was one of my favourites at the time, but in retrospect I am struck by what seems a serious plausibility problem with the much admired tri-sexual extra-terrestrials.  They are described as having two phase life cycles with an early, reproductive phase and a later, non-reproductive phase.  Asimov never gives us enough evidence of how the organisms in the second phase promote the reproductive success of their particular descendents in the earlier phase to make this pattern of life a plausible product of evolution through natural selection.<br />If you can surmount this problem, then the book is fun to read, but I think that the shortcoming is significant in suggesting a tendency on the part of Asimov (a physical scientist) to be less rigorous in his level of scientific plausibility in the biological sciences.
B0000009SY|1.0|One of the greatest disasters in modern music is the way a peerlessly gifted and intelligent musician like Frank Zappa could end up frittering away his talent and career on garbage like this triple &quot;concept&quot; album. Did I say concept? That would just confer more dignity on this sophomoric nonsense than it deserves.<br />Too much of the music is bog-standard US AOR rock tarted up with occasional Zappa-esque touches just to remind you who you're listening to. This music is so dated it's almost prehistoric, but then it was hopelessly out-of-touch when it was released, so no great surprise there. &quot;Why Does It Hurt When I Pee&quot; is a funny hard rock parody - but is this really the best you could do Frank? Some of the jokes on Part I, are actually quite funny even if they display Frank's middle-aged rock star's sexism. The title track is a listenable three chord trick (one can almost hear Frank sneering at the simplicity of it all), and almost borders on the nostalgic but for Frank's customary inability to display anything that could reasonably considered a human emotion.<br />Parts 2 and 3 constitute two of the most dreadful sides of music you will ever have the misfortune to sit through: antiseptic, sterile music and puerile homophobic humour, all the while Frank sniggering at how funny he is - honestly, it could make you puke or cry or both. The one saving grace of this farrago is the track &quot;Watermelon In Easter Hay&quot;, which is a lovely, moving piece of music (no lyrics of course!). That track shows what Zappa was truly capable of, the rest shows why anybody with any sense gave up on Zappa long ago, leaving him to pathetic Zappaphiles who are incapable of admitting to any of the great man's (numerous) faults.
B000003TA4|5.0|I was highly impressed when I first heard this CD when it came out.  I am 36 years old and having graduated from high school in 1983 I never heard this type of rock and roll before.  Yet when I first heard &quot;Come as You Are&quot;, I knew that a new genre of rock and roll was being established, I was excited yet had a sense of foreboding when I heard the lyrics.  Nirvana headed by the late Kurt Cobain was the definitive band of the 1990s, and their influence on the sound of &quot;grunge&quot; and now in the new millenium mainstream rock and roll music is still influencial today.  Without Nirvana, classic bands like Pearl Jam, Alice N Chains, Soundgarden and others would not be around to capture the energy Nirvana created.<br />I am an old school rock and roll fan (give me Led Zeppelin, Aerosmith, Styx, Boston and other classic bands of the 1960's and 1970's), yet when I heard this I immediately bought it, and it plays on my stereo many times.  From &quot;Come as You Are&quot; &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; &quot;Stay Away&quot; and other classic songs, this is a CD that is a must get to fans of rock and roll.<br />It is a rare CD that influenced a generation.  Unfortunately, Kurt Cobain lost the fight with his personal demons, like many legends of rock and roll, yet the music he made is still influencial today, and I have a feeling for many more years to come.
0451167716|5.0|This book was put at an incredible disadvantage considering that I already saw the movie more than once and I knew everything that was going to happen.  That's a tremendous handicap for an adventure story.  But it was still a very good read.  The movie makes my short list for greatest movie I've ever seen, so far superior to that horrible Citizen Kane which was voted, inconceivably, the greatest movie of all time.  The book is not the greatest book ever written but it deserves five stars here.<br />Advantages of the movie over the book:  First, that amazing finish, when Michael Corleone settles everyone's hash.  It plays a lot better in the movie than in the book.  Second, the portrayal of Don Corleone by Marlon Brando wins my All Time Oscar Award for greatest acting performance by anyone ever.  Brando makes a selfish, violent mafia leader into a magnificent and wonderful character.<br />Advantages of the book over the movie:  The women in the book, particularly Don Corleone's wife and Michael Corleone's American wife, are so much better in the book than in the movie.  The women are much smarter, much stronger, much more interesting, and in the older lady's case, immensely funny, in the book.  The movie gives the don's wife almost no attention at all, thus losing my favorite character of the book, and it makes Michael's girl a bit weak, credulous, stupid.  In the book, both the don and Michael have nothing but respect and honor for their wives, and don't in the least look down on them as Michael certainly does in the movie.  I'd much rather see, or read about, an intelligent and strong woman who isn't being fooled for more than a second, than a dope who is excluded and successfully lied to.<br />Another advantage of the book is that it makes the case against society a lot stronger than the movie does.  The book makes it clearer just how corrupt society is, how corrupt our national leaders are, and how little difference there is, when it comes to virtue, between themafia and the government.  In some ways the mafia is more attractive and offers more justice than our courts and our government does.  Let's not forget, though, that the mafia in the real world isn't Marlon Brando.  It really doesn't pay to idealize either the mafia or the government, because selfishness rules both, and you don't add up to a hill of beans in the eyes of either one.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is one of the best DVD's out there and well worth the money. Hearing T2 in DTS is awsome it's got both Dolby Digital and DTS Digital Surround sound formats. Turn this movie up very loud and sit back and enjoy. The interactive menus are great the video is very clear. It's got plenty of extras to keep you busy I highly suggest adding this to your DVD collection.
0380730405|5.0|I have to read this book for high school and i wuz just wondering if anyone can help me with reading it. In the reviews some people really like it and some hate it.....
B000002N3J|2.0|If you are a true Madonna fan, then DON'T buy this album. It includes all of the ballads that she released ever since her debut in 1982. The only songs that are listenable are the ballads that she  released as singles in the 1980's (Crazy For You and Live To Tell). &quot;This Used To Be My Playground&quot; is also a great song. However, the album mostly has songs that are from the mid 1990s, which I thought was a very slow time for Madonna's music. <br />I prefer Madonna's dance music. If you really like Madonna, then I recommend either &quot;Music&quot; or &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot;.
B000002LN9|4.0|Great sounds, better than expected after his 80's studio albums but somewhat incoherent (as it was designed to be). <br />His guitar playing is still great after all these years, and to this reporter, that means a lot...
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolic is going to go down in history as one of the top 10 movies of the 20th century. This movie is for everybody. For the people that look for technicality, the direction is beautiful, the acting is phenominal, the only realy tragedy of this movie is that it didn't get any more Oscar nomination then it did. And for all the people that want an interesting movie, you will get your money's worth. I would give this movie 10 stars if i could but the highest is 5. Darn.
B000002UC5|3.0|...by Beatles standards that is. As a solo artist Paul was more successful than John, but this album does not much to prove why. Some nice tunes, and a great, relaxing step back from Let it be, but Paul in total control did not prove too successful at this point.
B000051VQR|4.0|This is a realy good CD. Not as up beat at their earlier CDs but it is more mature and in this you can tell Green Day has grown  from garage band to a realy respectable band. I give it 4 stars.
0380788624|5.0|best fiction I have ever read
0553213105|5.0|It was with wonderful anticipation that I sat down with Jane Austen's seminal work, Pride and Prejudice. I had previous knowledge of Jane Austen only as a giant of Western literature, but I resolved to read her work after seeing the delightful Emma Thompson movie Sense and Sensibility. I briefly entertained the notion of reading the novel Sense and Sensibility, but decided instead upon Pride and Prejudice. Mainly because Pride and Prejudice is widely considered to be the better book, but also because I wanted to read one of Austen's works that I had no previous familiarity with the characters and plot. I can happily say that this book has awakened within me a voracious beast of a reader who has every intent of devouring every Austen novel he can get his hands on. It is a testament to Austen's incredible prowess as a writer that she is able to breathe life into a historical period that 21st century readers are far removed from, and by the end of the book you have come to look upon Elizabeth Bennet and Mr.Darcy, not as the heroine and hero of a book 200 years old, but as completely fleshed out characters who could exist in any time, in any novel. The reader comes to understand their joys, their pain, their defeats, and their ultimate triumph, as if these emotions were his own. The hallmark of all great literature is an ability to awaken in the reader a true sense of understanding for what the characters are thinking and feeling, and that is certainly the case in this wonderful book.
B000002HMH|5.0|I first heard this album on the radio the day it came out.  I thought: &quot;interesting, but it's not for me.&quot;  The next time I heard the album was three years later, but that time something about it captivated me.  By then I had already had four of their earlier albums.  Gradually, with each listen, I began to like Load more and more, until one day it became my favorite Metallica album.  Why, you ask?  I just think that the melodies and the lyrics are much deeper here than on their other albums, and also that this album is more consistent and coherent than the rest.<br />Many reviewers claim that Metallica sold out, or that they were trying to appeal to this group or other, and other things.  Well, I don't know what they were thinking when they made this album, and quite frankly I don't care.  I just know that the music impacts me.  Though, I must admit, this is not the album I play when I want to bang my head and jump around - that's what Justice is for.  I play this album when I just want to listen to good music.<br />So, in the end, is this album for everyone?  Definitely not.  But, I think everyone should give it a chance.
B000002MU3|5.0|As a practically day-one (since 1983) fan of this remarkable band, like many other early adherents I started to get somewhat less interested in R.E.M.'s output starting with Out of Time.  This one brought me back with a jerk, though: what great sound, diversity and daring.<br />This album reminds me of Rust Never Sleeps, and indeed seems to draw from the Neil Young playbook (although I have no evidence R.E.M. ever looked to Young for inspiration): top-selling, established marquee name, settled into a comfortable mainstream groove, decides to tear the whole thing down and make an eclectic, high-sonic album deeply involved with the current music scene, alienating many old fans and gathering a corps of new ones, and in the process reinvents itself.  And Monster succeeds in the best tradition of Neil Young, bringing the band to (another) new level. Most notable are &quot;Crush With Eyeliner&quot;, a stylish groove with overtones of sexual ambiguity; the aggressive &quot;Star 69&quot;; Strange Currencies, often described (correctly, I think) as the better-worked-out sequel to &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot;; the mournful, angry and beautiful &quot;Bang and Blame.&quot; In my mind, the standout is &quot;Let Me In,&quot; a relentless wash of overdrive and fuzz, with a lyric that is barely discernible, but has grinding pathos.  And while I'm volunteering unfounded theories, here's another to think about: does anybody else out there think that Dinosaur Jr borrowed from this album in writing Hand It Over? I hear &quot;What's the Frequency, Kenneth&quot; all over J Mascis' &quot;Nothing's Going On,&quot; and the footprints of &quot;Let Me In&quot; in the falsetto-vocal-over- distortion of &quot;I Don't Think&quot; and &quot;Can't We Move This.&quot; If you think this is crazy, listen to &quot;Whatever's Cool With Me.&quot;  Just a thought.
B000001DYD|5.0|RID OF ME is a classic<br />Rid of me is the greatest break up song ever.  You will be scream I wish I never met her as you think of that Evil X  Great dynamic and tempo changes make this song shocking and exciting.<br />Rub Till it bleeds is about sexual attraction way out of control You get to hear the full range of her voice here and you will love it.<br />High Way 61 is the greatest Bob Dylan Remake Ever (BETTER THAN THE ORIGIAL)  This song is ment for PJ Voice and control and change of Pace, melody and volume.  Quiet finds scream, calm finds agression and passion.<br />Dry is my favorite song by PG.  It will leave you thirsting for more.  <br />Me-Jane is a twisted tale of Tarzan and Jane.  The song has drive and energy that is matched in its crazy speed.<br />Snake is about Eve confronting the snake in the garden of Eden.  It is full of anger and venom.  GREAT SONG<br />Escatsty is a haunting song that is a perfect way to end a record like this.<br />A MUST FOR ANYONE WITH A SLIGHTLY TWISTED OPEN MIND.
0790743213|5.0|I have always been a big Alfred Hitchcock fan and \\"North by Northwest\\" was in my view his most entertaining and important film. There are so many memorable lines in this movie (brilliantly written by Ernest Lehman) that one doesn't know where to start when recollecting favourite gems. How about Jessie Royce Landis asking the would-be assassins if they plan to kill Cary Grant. Or when Grant meets James Mason for the first time after being kidnapped. Mason: \\"Not what I expected - a little taller, a little more polished than the others\\". Grant: \\"I'm so glad you're pleased Mr Townsend\\". Mason: \\" ... but I'm afraid just as obvious\\". Grant: \\"Not that I mind a slight case of abduction now and then, but I do have tickets to the theatre tonight and it was a show I was looking forward to and I get, well, kind of unreasonable about things like that\\". Mason: \\"With such expert play-acting you make this very room a theatre\\". Or Cary Grant trying to explain to Eva Marie Saint why the police are after him: \\"Seven parking tickets!\\". Grant introducing himself to Saint on the train: \\"Jack Phillips. Western sales manager of Kingby Electronics\\". Saint: \\"No you're not. You're Roger Thornhill of Madison Avenue and you're wanted for murder on every front page in America. Don't be so modest!!\\".<br />Grant to Mason: \\"Apparently the only performance that's going to satisfy you is when I play dead\\". Mason: \\"Your very next role. You will be quite convincing, I assure you\\". Grant (to Leo G. Carroll): \\"I'm an advertising man, not a red herring. I've got a job, a secretary, a mother, two ex-wives and several bartenders dependent upon me and I don't intend to disappoint them all by getting myself slightly killed. The answer is no\\". James Mason discussing how to get rid of Saint: \\"This matter is best disposed of from a great height - over water!\\". And Mason again to a police officer: \\"That wasn't very sporting, using real bullets\\".<br /><br />This is a fast moving witty thriller in magnificent Technicolor with Cary Grant as Roger O. Thornhill giving the performance of a lifetime. Grant is mistaken for government agent George Kaplan and is thrust into one life threatening situation after another on the run from both the police and the bad guys! It's a roller coaster ride of thrills, suspense, comedy and romance skilfully put together with the expert Hitchcock touch.<br /><br />\\"North by Northwest\\" was Cary Grant's fourth collaboration with legendary director Alfred Hitchcock and in my opinion it was definitely THE BEST! Everything came together in this one - the acting by the principals was first class, the brilliant script by Ernest Lehman was packed with sparkling and witty dialogue and the music score by Bernard Herrmann was outstanding. Cary Grant as Roger O. Thornhill was at his most elegant and although nearly 60 at the time threw himself into this very physical part with the energy and vigour of a much younger man. James Mason as the chief heavy Phillip Vandamm was particularly good in a smooth and menacing portrayal. Eva Marie Saint (Eve Kendall) was the archetypal ice cool blonde favoured by Hitchcock in so many of his films. There were some fine supporting roles of note including that wonderful actress Jessie Royce Landis as Grant's mother (although in reality only a few months older than him!). This actress also appeared with Cary Grant in another Hitchcock film \\"To Catch a Thief\\" in which she played Grace Kelly's mother. Martin Landau (in his first screen role), Adam Williams and Robert Ellenstein were excellent as Mason's sinister and threatening confederates. Veteran actor Leo G. Carroll was making his sixth appearance for Hitchcock as the CIA/FBI Agent known only as the \\"Professor\\". One of my favourite actresses Doreen Lang had the small part of Grant's secretary Maggie and can also be seen in other Hitchcock films such as \\"The Wrong Man\\" and \\"The Birds\\".<br /><br />\\"North by Northwest\\" returned to Hitchcock's favourite theme of the innocent manon the run from both the villains and the police and being trapped in one tight corner after another. There were some marvellous and professionally photographed Hitchcock set pieces in unusual locations such as the United Nations Building, New York's Grand Central Station, Mount Rushmore and who can forget the famous crop dusting sequence at Prairie Stop on deserted Highway 41. There was also a long train sequence which is another Hitchcock trademark. Other Alfred Hitchcock films using the \\"man on the run\\" idea were notably \\"The 39 Steps\\" (1934) and \\"Saboteur\\" (1942).<br /><br />Some favourite lines from the film:<br /><br />Cary Grant (to group in Townsend's house): \\"What a performance!\\".<br /><br />Jessie Royce Landis (to Cary Grant): \\"Roger .... pay the two dollars\\".<br /><br />Cary Grant (to Eva Marie Saint): \\"Why are you so good to me?\\".<br /><br />Malcolm Atterbury (to Grant): \\"That's funny, that plane's dusting crops where there ain't no crops\\".<br /><br />Cary Grant (to Adam Williams): \\"Sorry old man. Too bad. Keep trying!\\".<br /><br />It has been suggested that James Stewart constantly pestered Alfred Hitchcock for the lead in this film but Hitchcock held out for his first choice - Cary Grant - who was, in retrospect, the ideal actor for this role. What a fantastic film - a Hitchcock classic - one that can be enjoyed over and over again with increasing pleasure. Surprisingly, \\"North by Northwest\\" did not win any Oscars that year and Hitchcock, Cary Grant and the film itself were not even nominated which in my opinion was a regrettable oversight.villains and the police and being trapped in one tight corner after another. There were some marvellous and professionally photographed Hitchcock set pieces in unusual locations such as the United Nations Building, New York's Grand Central Station, Mount Rushmore and who can forget the famous crop dusting sequence at Prairie Stop on deserted Highway 41. There was also a long train sequence which is another Hitchcock trademark. Other Alfred Hitchcock films using the \\"man on the run\\" idea were notably \\"The 39 Steps\\" (1934) and \\"Saboteur\\" (1942).    Some favourite lines from the film:    Cary Grant (to group in Townsend's house): \\"What a performance!\\".    Jessie Royce Landis (to Cary Grant): \\"Roger .... pay the two dollars\\".    Cary Grant (to Eva Marie Saint): \\"Why are you so good to me?\\".    Malcolm Atterbury (to Grant): \\"That's funny, that plane's dusting crops where there ain't no crops\\".    Cary Grant (to Adam Williams): \\"Sorry old man. Too bad. Keep trying!\\".    It has been suggested that James Stewart constantly pestered Alfred Hitchcock for the lead in this film but Hitchcock held out for his first choice - Cary Grant - who was, in retrospect, the ideal actor for this role. What a fantastic film - a Hitchcock classic - one that can be enjoyed over and over again with increasing pleasure. Surprisingly, \\"North by Northwest\\" did not win any Oscars that year and Hitchcock, Cary Grant and the film itself were not even nominated which in my opinion was a regrettable oversight.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Hmmm.....let's see....MTV worthy riffs, not exactly thought provoking lyrics, and an ultra whiny voice could only mean one thing....Limp Bizkit's back!! And boy am I not happy! Buy this cd only if you wanna make Fred Durst and his flunkies even richer.
0380730367|5.0|Dennis Lehane's works are those which lingered even after you finished the pages. I'm so happy I discovered him. <br />After Gone, Baby, Gone, which the ending left me quite speechless, I wondered how in the world the trio Patrick, Angie, and Bubba, are going to work together again. Keep wondering after this book arrived in my hand and once again, Mr. Lehane, from the bottom of my heart, I saluted you!! Your choice to explore more Bubba's side was excellent. And I was so delighted you made Angie back with a plot that was perfect enough...considering the end of Gone, Baby, Gone.<br />I need to read more of this series. I'm addicted, and it's your fault, Mr. Lehane...
0920668364|5.0|i have loved this book ever since i was a young child.It always made me happy to see that the parents love is unconditoinal.I will share this with my children as they learn and grow in to young women.                  Thanks,                 Megan Swenson
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Look at the name of the first song on this album, and then look at my name.  That alone should let you know how I feel about this album.  It is 67 minutes of awesome heavy metal.  Not the heaviest stuff you'll hear, but some of the best.  Unfortunately, I do not have any other Iron Maiden albums at this time, so I can't say how it measures up to &quot;Powerslave&quot;, and the other classics.  I'm only 17, okay?  I will get them!  But anyway, I would guess that it at least comes close to those albums.  There are tons of great songs on here, such as &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;, &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot;, &quot;The Mercenary&quot;, and of course, &quot;The Wickerman&quot;.  If you have not heard this album, quickly change that.  It is possibly the best album of the year.  The only thing from this year that I've heard that even comes close is Nevermore's &quot;Dead Heart in a Dead World&quot;.  Well, nothing much else I can say that others haven't.  You have to experience Bruce Dickinson's high-pitched wails and the awesome power of their three(!) guitarists for yourself.  Unless you have no concept of what good music is, you will love this album.<br />Hey, all you Irons out there, if any of you haven't heard Iced Earth, check em out, you'll love em.  Viva la metal!
B000050XEI|4.0|The only complaint I have of &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is the lenth of of the CD, which apparently only clocks in at 34 minutes?  What's up with the 2 minutes songs, Enya?  When you wait this long for an original recording by an artist of Enya's magnitude, you expect alittle bit more. If Jessica Simpson and Britney Spears can crank out endless cd's of disposable garbage, why on earth can't Enya give us a &quot;double album&quot; of epic porportions like she did on &quot;The Celts&quot;?  I think there is a definite market for Enya, and one can never get enough of her trademark sound.  She remains consistant and never deviates from her mystical yet familiar sound.  Enya's angelic vibe prevails on her latest release &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;.  Ironically speaking, the title of her album calls for sunshine when Enya's music clearly evokes a more moody, solemn aura.  I believe a darker, edgier album would have more effectively captures her sound, but you can't discredit Enya's newly found optimism. Rather I applaud her apparent &quot;I can see clearly now&quot; inspired revelations, although I long for sounds of her earlier works.  &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is a perfect follow up for &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;, an almost formulatic replicant. One track celtic, the next track radio friendly Enya pop (if there is such a thing), there is nothing remarkable or distinguishable from the other.  There is one advantage for this newest release from Enya.  If you happen to have a disc-exchange system on your CD player, you can load all the previous Enya albums in, and play them back to back.  &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; will blend beautifully.
B000001IPP|5.0|this is an absolutely amazing CD, probobly my favorite cd of all time.  It's got 23 unbelievable songs, i bought this cd in 4th grade, and now i'm in 11th, an it's still my favorite cd.  I'd even say it's better than out comes the wolves, which is amazing also.  If you don't have this cd, you MUST get it, no cd collection is complete without this.
B00003CXE6|3.0|The premise for Galdiator was supposed to be based on the gladiator fights in the Coliseum. Having done a report on the Coliseum, I was very exited about this movie. But it is a major disappointment. The movie is 2 hours and 35 minutes long but there are 15 minutes of battles or less. Most of the movie is a bunch of dialogue and more than half of it has no significance to the story. The special effects are OK but not spectacular. Some of the more ambitious shots look about as realistic as a CG cinema from a video game.  I don't see how a lot of citics think it's one of the best movies ever made. It's not a perfect film. I seem to be the only one who agrees with Ebert who gave this film 2 stars out of 4. The only Acadamy Awards I would give this film are Best Actor for Russel Crowe, Best Director(the screenplay is not Ridley Scott's fault), art direction, and costume design. Gladiator will definitely be nominated for Best Picture but I hope it doesn't win. If it does, you'll know why the Acadamy Awards building will be on fire the next day.
B000002J09|1.0|This album is crap. Can anyone seriously claim Black Dog, Four Sticks, Misty Mountain Hop and Four Sticks aren't the exact same song with different yet equally meaningless lyrics. Stairway to Heaven was never that great but it was at least listenable the first oh 700 times. Going To California is the only decent song on this album. The Battle Of Evermore and When The Levee Breaks are mind-blowingly boring. Why classic rock radio feels the need to play this dull little band's catalog to death I shall never understand. The geniuses who claimed this to be &quot;the definition of Rock 'n' Roll&quot; or &quot;the best album of the 70's&quot; should check out what's out there. If you want some real Rock, not uncreative, repetitive and boring drivel, check out bands like the Rolling Stones, the Who or even Aerosmith. Led Zeppelin couldn't could their guitar picks. Save your money! I wish I had.
B00004YMVG|5.0|Henri Salvador, the artists who brought us Le Lion Est Mort Ce Soir (known as The Lion Sleeps Tonight in the US), has just released another jewel.  This very romantic album contains thirteen mellow songs, each one as hypnotic as the next.  Close your eyes and you may even see the Mditerane!  A pleasant mix of jazz, blues, and Salvador's enchanting voice, satisfaction is guarenteed.
B000050XEI|5.0|Upon hearing Enya had released a new album I was dubious as to its quality following the somewhat flat 'Memory of Trees.' I was however absolutely delighted to find no such disappointment in this artful album. Though no 'Watermark' this album gives the best cross section of Enya's work yet. Though sticking with the more positive vibe of 'Trees it includes some darker pieces, illustrating the scope of this brilliant woman.<br />Another thing to note is a return to continuity. I believe that much of the success of 'Watermark' can be attributed to its seamless transition from piece to piece, forming a tapestry of sound. 'Trees parted from this method but 'A Day Without Rain' provides a brilliant listening experience with easy transition from song to song.<br />Most notable on this album are 'Wild Child' and 'Only Time' for thier star quality. It is good to hear Enya attempting to craft tunes with star quality, capable of reaching the heghts of 'Orinoco Flow' whilst mantaining such an excellence of sound, far greater than any of the more mainstream efforts from 'Trees. Enya has achieved an excellent blend of pieces which will please the masses and pieces which encapsulate her true depth and essence.<br />Overall an absolutely excellent effort by Enya to provide relaxation, spirituality and enlightenment. I hope we hear from her again soon.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I have to say with out a doubt this is by far my favorite Anime film yet.  It has totally taken over the Industry and I think will be the anime standard for years to come.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|OK- Disappointment does not begin to convey the point. Even heavy duty star quality with a supporting cast of fine exotic cars cannot save this movie. The story is grated cheese: a cheesy plot that has been so shred-up for Hollywood consumption that it might as well be baby food. I will not provide an appropriately defaming metaphor for the acting, only out of respect for Cage, Lindo, Jolie, Duvall, and Ribisi. I love action flicks, I love talented actors, I love cars. There was not enough of any of the above to make this movie worth watching. Not even the FX, or the pretty car shots were that notable. DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS ONE FOR ANY REASON.
B000050X31|4.0|If anyone has managed to find this listing, this is the Met production with the sets by David Hockney.  Pamina is sung by Kathleen Battle and Sarastro by Kurt Moll.  Other singers are Luciana Serra (the Queen of Night), Francisco Araiza(Pamino), Manfred Heim (Papageno), and Heinz Zednik (Monostratos); conducted by James Levine of course.  The DVD has subtitles in German (hallelujah!), English, French, and Chinese, but no other extras.  The singing sounds weak, but that may be because I'm used to other recordings in which the singers are over-miked.  Otherwise, it's good performance of &quot;The Magic Flute&quot;.
B000002UB6|5.0|Don't listen to what they say about the averege being 4 stars. I mean, who could say &quot;Let It Be&quot; could get four stars? They sure have something wrong with their brains (no offence). Trust me, you'll absolutley love this CD. And what's the point of grading a Beatles CD when everyone knows the minimum will be 5 stars? (Not that you need to know this, but &quot;Let It Be&quot; is my favorite)
B000050X31|4.0|If anyone has managed to find this listing, this is the Met production with the sets by David Hockney.  Pamina is sung by Kathleen Battle and Sarastro by Kurt Moll.  Other singers are Luciana Serra (the Queen of Night), Francisco Araiza(Pamino), Manfred Heim (Papageno), and Heinz Zednik (Monostratos); conducted by James Levine of course.  The DVD has subtitles in German (hallelujah!), English, French, and Chinese, but no other extras.  The singing sounds weak, but that may be because I'm used to other recordings in which the singers are over-miked.  Otherwise, it's good performance of &quot;The Magic Flute&quot;.
6302759110|2.0|Perhaps if I had not seen Frank Langella's &quot;Dracula,&quot; I could have at least given this 3 stars. Instead of a dramatic but subtle start, we have an absurd implausible start. (When the start is implausible, the movie loses a big portion of its ability to frighten.) Instead of us gradually finding out who and what Dracula is, we are told at the very start. (No subtle unfolding as Frank Langella did.) Instead of the soft beautiful scenery in Langella's version, we have garrish and overdone backgrounds. Another thing that damages the movie is that Oldman lacks Langella's malignant charm. It is understandable why the girl falls in love with Langella, but it is not so with Oldman. Without ruining the ending, I can only say it is absurd and preposterous. I can sum things up this way. Oldman tries (and fails) to scare you with overblown effects and blatant gore. Langella tries (and succeeds) to scare you with subtleties that gradually unfold into terror. I will admit it is unfair to compare Anthony Hopkins to the legendary Laurence Olivier. So I will say that in all honesty, Anthony Hopkins is the ONLY element in this movie that saves it from being a complete disaster.
0553208845|5.0|Overview:<br />The name &quot;Siddhartha&quot; which is a Sanksrit word is composed as &quot;Siddha&quot; + &quot;Artha&quot;, Siddha meaning great achievement or perfectiom and Artha could denote wealth or meaning. All in all it conveys the idea of a man who is a seeker of Truth or even more accurately one who has actually acheived the ultimate wealth of the true meaning (of life). Herman Hesse's Siddhartha is one such soul who was born with an &quot;unquenchable thirst&quot; - in his own words - to know and realize the meaning of life. Even his early childhood years are spent with an acute suspicion and later - a deep belief that there is more to life than just what one sees, eternal Truth beyond the &quot;Maya&quot; or illusory world of sensory and sensual experience, or even differently put, that realization of the True Self is the ultimate goal of a human being.<br />What the author does is trace his spiritual journey, the years he spent in forests in self-denial practising the Shamana way of seeking the Self, his truly momentous meeting with the Englightened One (Gautama Buddha), and his subsequent conviction thereof that a full immersing experience in the real world is paramount to spiritual ascent, and then his wordly experiences, travails and tragedies, and ultimately of his finding peace and elusive existential bliss.<br />Synopsis:<br />Young Siddhartha's intellectual consciousness is uneasy and usatisfied in the mundane mantra-repeating Brahmin community, and the Upanishads unfailingly sow in him the seeds of passion to discover Atman or the Universal soul - knowing which all is known, and to attain Nirvana (in more conventionally popular terms),...The book traces his subsequent leaving of home and chronicles his years spent in self-denial with the Shamanas in the forest. The Shamanas' doctrine teaches that once the senses are conquered and their consciousness is transcended, the True Self can be effectively communicated with. What he did realize from his experiences was that such terrifyingly numbing &quot;flights&quot; from sense and reality did nothing but take him further away from his Self - which he was really seeking.<br />Siddhartha's time with the Buddha is very important since he (Siddhartha) realizes that True Knowledge cannot be communicated, and that it has to be experienced, that it cannot be taught by a teacher or written down in a book; it has to be a lone spiritual journey undertaken by the individual soul itself. Siddhartha spurns the Buddha's spirited following and embarks very determinedly to immerse himself in worldly experience. Firstly, discovering his sexuality by communing at all levels with Kamala - the courtesan, and then living for several years as a successful businessman and productive member of the community - but with the driving goal to still stay detached from material accretions and achievements, and even from egos and satisfactions derived from pure professional or solely intellectual successes. His gambling tendencies quite adequately highlight this very motivation of his - to stay afloat like a Lotus flower even while thriving in gutter water. But several years of prosperous worldly existence dilutes his intellectual acuity, numbs his senses, breeds tremendous ennui, and leads to a spiraling recrudescence of petty and diluting human emotions. His flight from that comfortable living, his meeting with his son (begottten of Kamala) who he is unable to relate to, the ensuing heartburn, and his finding of peace and tranquility by the shores of a river, form the remaining of this enthralling and thought-provoking tale.his experiences was that such terrifyingly numbing &quot;flights&quot; from sense and reality did nothing but take him further away from his Self - which he was really seeking. <br />Siddhartha's time with the Buddha is very important since he (Siddhartha) realizes that True Knowledge cannot be communicated, and that it has to be experienced, that it cannot be taught by a teacher or written down in a book; it has to be a lone spiritual journey undertaken by the individual soul itself. Siddhartha spurns the Buddha's spirited following and embarks very determinedly to immerse himself in worldly experience. Firstly, discovering his sexuality by communing at all levels with Kamala - the courtesan, and then living for several years as a successful businessman and productive member of the community - but with the driving goal to still stay detached from material accretions and achievements, and even from egos and satisfactions derived from pure professional or solely intellectual successes. His gambling tendencies quite adequately highlight this very motivation of his - to stay afloat like a Lotus flower even while thriving in gutter water. But several years of prosperous worldly existence dilutes his intellectual acuity, numbs his senses, breeds tremendous ennui, and leads to a spiraling recrudescence of petty and diluting human emotions. His flight from that comfortable living, his meeting with his son (begottten of Kamala) who he is unable to relate to, the ensuing heartburn, and his finding of peace and tranquility by the shores of a river, form the remaining of this enthralling and thought-provoking tale.
6304078102|5.0|Richard Dreyfuss plays a musician and composer, Glenn Holland, whose ambition is to write an opus that will be his gift to the world. Unfortunately, such dreams don't pay the rent and utilities, so Holland is forced to take a job as a music teacher in the local high school until his legacy is composed and put to music. However, as is so often the case because of unforeseen circumstances, the stopgap job becomes permanent. In Holland's case, the critical event is the unplanned pregnancy of his wife Iris, played by Glenne Headley, and the subsequent birth of a son. So, a year or two becomes three decades, and, in the end, Holland faces the realization that his legacy is of a different sort than originally envisioned.<br />Filmed in and around Portland, Oregon, OPUS defines Holland through his relationships: his long-suffering wife, his paternally neglected son (ironically born with a significant impairment), the happy-go-lucky gym teacher (played wonderfully by Jay Thomas), the crusty school principal, the weasely vice-principal, and the phenomenally talented student (played by the lovely Jean Louisa Kelly) who, unlike Holland, has the determination to act on her own dream now.<br />The movie's conclusion is pure schmaltz. However, it works, I think, because the audience has long since conceded Holland's contribution to the young lives he's touched, and because there's maybe a little of Holland in each of us. How many can truly say that they've realized the dreams of their youth, much less been of usefulness to the community, rather than living lives of quiet desperation. For Glenn Holland, at the end of OPUS, I was tempted to stand and shout out \\"Yes!\\"
B00004TRD8|2.0|The best thing that can be said for  *Terminator 2*  (I'll omit the subtitle, if you don't mind)  is that, ten years on, it doesn't look at all dated, which I guess is pretty impressive for a sci-fi/action flick.  The worst that can be said for it is much the same thing:  this film, in my mind, more than any other, really got the  &quot;action-films-that-look-like-animation&quot;  movement rolling.  Just in case we didn't get it in  *The Abyss*, director James Cameron pours on even more liquid mercury in this film, to the point where we're drowning in it.  This movie cost a staggering amount of dollars, and it shows:  it's all special effects, and very little else.  But there's something worse:  the real subtext behind all this sturm and drang seems to be the need to not only SPEND money, but EARN a hell of a lot of it.  Think of some other blockbusters that preceeded this one:  *Star Wars*, *Raiders of the Lost Ark*, to name just two.  Of course Lucas and Spielberg wanted to make money, but they also seemed to have enjoyed making their movies.  There's nothing in Cameron's film that suggests anyone involved had the slightest bit of fun.  (In fact, Linda Hamilton is encouraged to act like a linebacker with  'roid rage . . . but in a thoroughly humorless way.)  *Terminator 2*  is an incessant barrage of setpieces and effects that frantically try to astound the audience -- with only fitful success, in my opinion.  Bigger the splash, the bigger the cash.  This movie's most recent offspring includes films like  *Mission Impossible: II*, *The Phantom Menace*, *The Matrix*, even *Gladiator* . . . all huge moneymakers, all resembling computer animated cartoons rather than movies, all BAD.  Noisy messes, every one.  *Terminator 2*  may very well be to blame for the sad state of action pictures today.<br />By the way -- before I sign off, I'd like to say that I much preferred the original  *Terminator*, not only because it was a better-written movie, but also because the Terminator himself was a killer villain.  I knew I was in trouble with  *T2*  when Ahnold appears, for no discernable reason, naked in the opening scene with that godawful  *Bad to the Bone*  thumping in the background.  Scenes like that have all the resonance of a  *Married With Children*  episode. . . .
B000002MG1|5.0|Automatic for The People is R.E.M.'s follow-up to their greatest commercial triumph, Out Of Time.  The success allowed R.E.M. a bigger forum to get their message out.  Automatic For The People finds the band exploring such subjects as suicide, euthanasia, Republicanism, lost stars, groupies and pop culture.  The album opens with &quot;Drive&quot; which riffs on the David Essex classic &quot;Rock On&quot;.  &quot;Try Not To Breathe&quot; deals with the subject of euthanasia and is sung from the perspective of an elderly person asking for understanding in his request.  &quot;The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonight&quot; lightens the mood a bit.  Michael Stipe has fun with the song singing it in a &quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues&quot; style, even affecting an Elvis Presley imitation.  He can actually be heard laughing on the track.  Things get serious again with &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; in which they broach the subject of suicide.  They could've sounded preachy on the song, but Mr. Stipe sings with such compassion and understanding that song reaffirms life.  &quot;New Orleans Instrumental No. 1&quot; is a throwaway track and &quot;Sweetness Follows&quot; is a very pretty number.  &quot;Monty Got A raw Deal&quot; is the first song on the album about a late misunderstood actor. It's about Montgomery Clift and is quite powerful with some stirring music.  &quot;Ignoreland&quot; is a hard-edged rocker that speaks out against the indifference towards people created by Republicans in their White House years of the 80's and early 90's.  &quot;Star Me Kitten&quot; is their ode to groupies and is done in almost sleepy sound.  &quot;Man On The Moon&quot; is the second actor song and probably the most famous song from the album. It is about the late Andy Kauffman and served as the title for the recent biopic starring Jim Carrey.  It's got a honky tonk sound and some good slide guitar work by Peter Buck.  The album closes with two slow numbers.  &quot;Nightswimming&quot; is heavily laden with strings and is about longing for days gone by while &quot;Find The River&quot; closes the album on high note.  The band finally seemed to be comfortable in the spotlight and they created a personal and enduring classic.n with strings and is about longing for days gone by while &quot;Find The River&quot; closes the album on high note.   The band finally seemed to be comfortable in the spotlight and they created a personal and enduring classic.
B000001E18|4.0|&quot;Zooropa&quot; was one of the bravest albums made in the 1990s. While most notable pop transformations (Madonna, for example) have in truth relied more on hair dye and wardrobe, here on &quot;Zooropa,&quot; U2 completed an unexpected metamophosis by turning its musical and ideological values inside-out. Suddenly, the do-gooding arena rockers were both titillated and horrified by consumer culture and mass media. The guy who once sang the praises of Martin Luther King fell in love with a porn queen on his VCR (&quot;Babyface&quot;). The guy who once sculpted a soundscape of the Grand Canyon with his guitar drowned his spirits by channel surfing (&quot;Numb&quot;). Mr. Amnesty International admitted that, some days, he couldn't stand the sight of a puppy (&quot;Some Days are Better Than Others&quot;). And just when you thought they couldn't lean any harder on the &quot;weird&quot; button, they recruited Johnny Cash to sing a post-apocalyptical cowboy song in the spirit of Hop-a-long Cassidy (&quot;The Wanderer&quot;). And, incredibly, it worked, mostly because U2's gift for melody and drama survived the transformation. The Edge replaced the nerve-tingling guitars with nerve-tingling electronica. Bono rushed from the arms of America to the arms of the local Seven-Eleven, and found some even more compelling stories to tell. &quot;Zooropa&quot; remains my favorite U2 album because it sounds nothing like a U2 album--confused, turned on, and really enjoying it.
B000002MU3|5.0|On R.E.M.'s previous two albums, Out Of Time &amp; Automatic For The People, the band created quiet classics by employing a wide array of beautiful instruments including mandolins, harpsichords, strings and the like.  They did a complete 180 on Monster, which is anything but quiet.  The album is steeped in the glam-rock of the 70's and the grunge music of its day.  Peter Buck threw away the acoustic stuff, plugged in and turned the volume up to 11.  The band shows off their musical aptitude as this album sounds like nothing they've done before or since.  &quot;What's The Frequency, Kenneth?&quot; opens the album awash in buzzing guitars and undesciprable Michael Stipe vocals.  &quot;Crush With Eyeliner&quot; is a glam-rock classic and sounds like it could be out of the David Bowie songbook.  &quot;I Don't Sleep, I Dream&quot; is a pulsating track while &quot;Star 69&quot; is straight ahead, tongue-in-cheek rocker.  &quot;Tongue&quot; is probably the band's sexiest song done in a bump and grind style.  &quot;Let Me In&quot; is their tribute to the late Kurt Cobain.  &quot;Bang And Blame&quot; is the best song on the album, with its synthesized sound and popping guitars.  Monster was the band's first album to debut at number one and with it, they continued to push the envelope and shake up their identity.
B00004XPP0|4.0|Forget DVD, I'm still waiting for Beta.  I mean, what better way to view this amazing trilogy then on the technology that was available at the time of the original theater release?
B000002UW1|5.0|Document was the album that helped elevate R.E.M. from kings of college radio to the mainstream.  Buoyed by the catchy (and misunderstood) song &quot;The One I Love&quot;, Document hit number 10 on the album charts.  That's not too bad for an album made up of some highly political songs and some very non-commercial ones.  &quot;Finest Worksong&quot; &amp; &quot;Welcome To The Occupation&quot; open the album on a politically charged and powerful note.  &quot;Exhuming McCarthy&quot; starts off with the sounds of a typewriter and then slides into pounding Bill Berry drumbeat and jangling Peter Buck guitar.  &quot;Disturbance At The Heron House&quot; has a fine Michael Stipe vocal while &quot;Strange&quot; is an abbreviated number that has some good backup singing from Mike Mills in an almost doo wop style.  &quot;King Of Birds&quot; has a deep south, r&amp;b feel to it. &quot;Lightnin' Hopkins&quot; and &quot;Oddfellows Local 151&quot; are the strangest songs on the album with the later being drenched in feedback.  &quot;The One I Love&quot; became the first song by the band to gain major radio-play and actually peaked at number 9 on the charts.  On the surface, the song seems like a love song, but it is really a barbed attack.  &quot;It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)&quot; is the centerpiece of the album though.  Michael Stipe sings at a breakneck speed and the song is one of the best of the 80's.  Many ardent R.E.M. fans dismiss this album as the band selling-out, but that is hardly the case.  R.E.M. remained true to their roots and actually released a typically non-commercial album that became a commercial success due to people finally realizing the greatness and talent of the band.  They show that you can become superstars on your own terms.
B00004ZD69|5.0|What is music to me? What is music to you, or to anyone? How can one define music within the context of words? When music like this produced by nine gifted individuals can touch me in so many various ways. Yet again, who I am? I'm merely one person. What could I possible say or do to justify the beauty of this recording.<br />From the opening of 'Storm' to the ambient ending of 'Antennas To Heaven', GYBE! take you on a musical journey like no other. This is perfection within itself; every note, every drumbeat belongs to create this perfect noise. Essentially all music is noise. Never though has this noise made so much sense, yet i can't say anything to justify this noise, it's just perfect.<br />Some say this music is overblown, and in a way pretentious, after all GYBE! consider this art. Yet again, how can this music be a catalyst for all the feelings I experience every time I listen to it or the feeling I get every time I hold the dear packaging in my hands, and not be considered art?<br />In a way, GYBE! and 'Lift Yr. Skinny Fists...' represent the most significant recording of our time, and we'd be fools not to let it grace our existence. This is art, and I wouldn't accept it to be called anything else.
0671867369|5.0|Excellent depiction of the comraderie of line infantrymen throughout over a year of intense combat.  They were an elite unit,and lost their buddies over the course of the last year of the war, starting on the jump into Normandy on D-Day and going through the siege of Bastogne and the final battles of WWII in Europe.   As an infantryman in Vietnam, it was very interesting for me to see how little the lot of the ground-pounder had changed when comparing the experiences of these guys and my own and those of my fellow infantrymen. Ambrose is a great chronicler.  Hard work on the ground, even when not getting shot at; even worse when the bullets start flying.  See also &quot;Citizen Soldiers&quot;.
B0000025GW|5.0|It doesn't matter if  you are a fan of Bob Dylan for his relevent lyrics, his blues roots, or his country influences, there is something here for you. Mark Knofler of Dire Straights fame plays lead guitar on this album. If you have never heard of him, you will look him up after listening to his work here. Buy this!
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie an old man, a young man, and the last great lesson.  A book you'll read over and over again. This is one book that should be required reading for the entire human race. A small, easy book that is so profound, so introspective it's just incredible. The person who would not like this book can't possibly exist. Most of you will love it and come to cherish it as a favorite.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|All around great time. The only reason I would say don't buy the DVD is because mine has a 17min30sec long FBI warning at the begining and there is no way to get around it. The movie is non-stop laughter. some parts are kinda dumb humor but it's still a great movie. Gunslinger
6303972810|5.0|This is one of the best films our family has ever watched.  It is action packed fantasy that entertains the grandparents and kids as well.  We have owned a copy of this film since its release and can't tell how many times we've watched it since.  We need to get a newer copy and are having difficulty finding one.  Hopefully this film will soon get the recognition it deserves like other acclaimed films by Ron Howard.  Our sons grew up watching this film and now in their teens and early 20's, they still pull it from the video library to watch it.  We love the characters, but mainly those precious pecks!
B00004T9UF|5.0|For anyone who likes to actually listen to the lyrics of an album you will get no better than this offering.  The Marshall Mathers LP has got to be the album of the millenium. Though I didn't think it was possible, it is better than his first album. Th lyrics jump out at you. Everytime you listen to it you won't be able to decide which track you like best. This album should not be taken too seriously because if you are sensitive it will be taken the wrong way. Everyone who I know that has listened to this album has enjoyed it. I defy anyone to knock it, Listen and laugh!
B0000062GE|5.0|This is easily one of the best cd's that i have in my collection. This is one of the rare discs that every single track is good on. In this cd you get songs that rock hard and ones that take it down a little. There is a track on this disc to listen to that will perfectly fit your mood no matter how your feeling. As you listen to this disc you get to experience anger, regret, sadness, and even to a certain degree happiness. The title of the disc pretty much sums up how memebers of the band were feeling at the time that most of the tracks were written. I beleive that this is a must have for anyone's cd collection. Stabbing Westward quite possibly blends electronic music with rock better than any other band out there with the possible exception of NIN. This is easily one of my all time favorites.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I am what is called a &quot;first generation&quot; fan...meaning I was actually THERE when the Beatles invaded the US! I was 15 years old, and boy, were we ready for something DIFFERENT! There is no way to explain how the world changed when the &quot;Boys&quot; came on the scene! They were so alive, and we had never heard ANYTHING like them before! For new fans, this CD is great because you can witness the evolution from &quot;She Loves You&quot; to &quot;Something&quot;. They didn't need gimmicks, they just wrote and felt and loved their music. Thanks guys, this a great Christmas gift!
B00004Y6RO|3.0|Slipknot is a bad band.  They look like the kids who attacked me on Halloween and stole my shoes.  Their masks are so fake...everyone knows that they aren't real.  I like Bait &amp; Cheese cause that is a good song.  GUTTER! I'm going to fly outta here...ROCKSTEDDY!
0060245867|5.0|Laura Joffe Numeroff and Felicia Bond have teamed up on several children's stories.  Many people will tell you that this is their favorite in the series.  I slightly prefer When You Give a Moose a Muffin, but you'll have to decide for yourself by reading them both.<br />Having had two sons, I always found them most delightful when they were the most physically worn out.  Oh, if only I had had this mouse to keep them occupied!<br />The boy is sitting in his front yard eating a cookie.  He spies a mouse, and gives the mouse a little bite.<br />This is a forward mouse, though, and he asks if he might have a glass of milk to go with the cookie.  The boy takes him inside and obliges.  Then the mouse inquires about having a straw.  The boy finds him one.  Then the mouse requests a napkin.  That means that he is concerned about having a milk mustache.  So the mouse wants a mirror to check.  While looking in the mirror, he notices that his whiskers need some trimming.  He requests some nail scissors from the boy.  Considerately, he then wants a broom to sweep up.  But if you're going to sweep in one area, you might as well do many.  While you're at it, the floors could use a good washing.  That makes the mouse tired, so he needs a nap.  The boy makes him a little bed out of a box and a tiny blanket and pillow.  But the mouse cannot sleep without a story.  Seeing the pictures, the mouse thinks what fun it would be to make some pictures.  Paper and crayons must be obtained!  After the picture is done, he must naturally have a pen to sign his name.  Then, the boy has to get some Scotch tape so that the picture can go on the refrigerator.  Then, of course, you get thirsty from all that activity.  You get some milk from the refrigerator . . . and of course, it's a good idea to have a cookie.  And off we go again!!<br />The contrast between the increasingly exhausted looking boy, and the sprightly mouse make for much good humor.  Also, the boy is better at getting things for the mouse than putting them away, so the house is soon filled with messy piles of what the mouse wanted . . . sort of mouse droppings as it were.<br />The absurdity of a tiny mouse running a boy ragged is quite hilarious to youngsters.  By reading the book faster and faster, you can add a note of semi-hysteria that increases the fun.<br />The words are easy to follow, and closely track the illustrations.  Children can easily begin to memorize the story, decode the words, fill in the blanks, and later begin to read aloud to you (first from memory, and later in reality).<br />The book is beautifully illustrated in a semi-Dr. Seuss style by Felicia Bond that adds much to the enjoyment.<br />One thing I like about the story is that it gets into how one thing can lead to another.  That's one of the best ways to stimulate intelligence and imaginative thinking.  It is also good for problem solving later in life.  Now, where did all these mouse whisker shavings come from?  What caused them?<br />After you have had fun with this story as written, you might want to have a little more fun with your child or grandchild and occasionally change one of the words.  For example, when the mouse wants a napkin, you might substitute &quot;diaper&quot; for a young child.  I guarantee gales of laughter with that one!<br />Have fun from beginning to end, and through the repeating refrain, for ever and ever!e mouse than putting them away, so the house is soon filled with messy piles of what the mouse wanted . . . sort of mouse droppings as it were. <br />The absurdity of a tiny mouse running a boy ragged is quite hilarious to youngsters.  By reading the book faster and faster, you can add a note of semi-hysteria that increases the fun.  <br />The words are easy to follow, and closely track the illustrations.  Children can easily begin to memorize the story, decode the words, fill in the blanks, and later begin to read aloud to you (first from memory, and later in reality).    <br />The book is beautifully illustrated in a semi-Dr. Seuss style by Felicia Bond that adds much to the enjoyment.   <br />One thing I like about the story is that it gets into how one thing can lead to another.  That's one of the best ways to stimulate intelligence and imaginative thinking.  It is also good for problem solving later in life.  Now, where did all these mouse whisker shavings come from?  What caused them?<br />After you have had fun with this story as written, you might want to have a little more fun with your child or grandchild and occasionally change one of the words.  For example, when the mouse wants a napkin, you might substitute &quot;diaper&quot; for a young child.  I guarantee gales of laughter with that one!<br />Have fun from beginning to end, and through the repeating refrain, for ever and ever!
B00004ZD69|5.0|and when it comes, i'm going to put my lawn chair on the roof (just like in tv!), drink beer, and listen to this cd.
B00003W8NM|5.0|There were a lot of movies in the 90s that were excellent (though relatively few compared to the piles and piles of crud churned out), but Fight Club was the best of them.<BR> No other movie really pulled in all the right elements to deliver a fantastic end product.  David Fincher as director, Ed Norton and Brad Pitt, a soundtrack by the Dust Brothers, and Meat Loaf.<br /> I stumbled on Fight Club by accident.  The Sixth Sense was sold out, it was opening night for Fight Club, so I went.  There were only about five people in the cinema.  In fact, almost nobody saw Fight Club at the cinema.  In Australia it came and went in a matter of days, and most people never heard it even existed.  But word spread, and when it hit video every copy in Australia was out for weeks.<br /> There seems only two schools of thought on the movie, people who loved it absolutely, and people who loved it except for the unbelievable twist at the end.<BR> Personally, I found the twist to be only a slight stretch, since it was just an exaggerated example of something everybody does, and the story is made more brilliant because of it.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|This is one of thoes CD's that you can listen to the whole thing and like every song. Alot of the cd's i buy only have maybe 3 or 4 good songs (like N'sync or Back Street Boys, which i am still regreting for buying them. ) and the rest are terrible but not this one.Lenny Kravitz music and lyrics are out of this world on his CD the song Again,and Fly are my fav ones. I hope he keeps it up. Buy the CD!
B00003CXIY|5.0|Road Trip has got to be one of, if not the, funniest movie of the year 2000.  It will keep you laughing the entire time, and would make a great gift for any Tom Green fan for the holidays!  If you haven't seen this movie yet and you need a good laugh, I seriously suggest checking this movie out now!  If you have seen it and you don't own it yet, why are you reading my review, you should be at a store picking up your copy right now!
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is an excellent work.  I can really see Creed evolving since thier first album.  They are truly becoming a force in the recording industry.  I hope they keep up the excellent work and don't let the &quot;industry&quot; influence thier songs or lyrics.
B00004Z459|5.0|First off, I have to agree with Dudemandustin's review in that this cd appeals to both alternative and rap music fans.  There are elements of industrial rock as well, but the combination of a vocalist and a rapper is unique and works well for Linkin Park's sound.  Track 1 is an excellent opening track which leads into the radio hit (which also appears on the Dracula 2000 soundtrack) &quot;One Step Closer.&quot;  I also prefer the heavier stuff but even the rap stuff is good and those who prefer rap will probably like the later songs better but they are all great.  I hope this is only the beginning and their sophomore effort and future releases are as good, if not better.
B00003CXA6|4.0|I can't add anything more to what other alrady said except I was glad it came out on DVD. Only I have experienced a problem and wondered if anyone else had a similar problem. On the third day of the battle where Armistead gives his speech on &quot;Ole Virginnie&quot; the movie freezes for just a second as if I paused it. Has anyone else experienced this?
B00000295A|5.0|The Amazon review is more than a shade off and quite misinformed. This is the definitive Jamiroquai album replete with a utopian vision and funk grooves to boot. No pandering to the pop charts on this issue, just brilliant horns, memorable hooks and straight high octane funk, on the lines of the maiden Brand New Heavies effort.
0792156684|5.0|I saw this movie during its original 1997 release and I vowed never to see it again- not because it was a bad movie, but because it was the most incredibly moving film I had ever seen.  I couldn't bring myself to cry at the theater for fear that I wouldn't stop.  So, I went home and cried for two hours- after the late show.  <br />I found this film riveting, not just for the story itself, but for the brutally honest imagery James Cameron used to depict the tragedy and torture of death and dying.  Granted, most of it was special effects- AMAZING special effects!- but I couldn't say that the trauma of the sinking could have stayed with me had they spent less money and used a cheaper outlet of film making.  In the end, I wasn't thinking about the money, the commercialization, or the pretty face of Leonardo...I was aching inside for the 1500 needless deaths, cast out to freeze in the icy water of the Atlantic.<br />One last thing.  About a year after I saw this film, I attended the Titanic Exhibit in Minneapolis, and my eye happened to catch something on open display in what appeared to be a large sand box.  I walked over to it and there was a sign on the front which said, &quot;Please Touch.&quot;  So, I reached out and put my hand on the large, spatula shaped object, rusted from years of decay.  It was then that I realized I was touching a boat davit recovered from the wreckage of the Titanic, and, in unison with this realization, a man came over to the display and put his hand on the davit next to mine.  Then, he looked at me, and in a very small voice, said, &quot;May God have been with them.&quot;  <br />I burst into tears.
B00004U2HK|5.0|This wonderful movie, known by virtually all in America, is an inspirational movie.  Julie Andrews brilliantly acts as the star of this classic.  It shows that one's vocation is not always what they expect it to be.  Even though one may think they're called to the religious life, they may be trying to hide a problem or fear by living in the monastery or convent.  That's what the character in this movie did, but, after a conversation with Mother Superior, she went back to the Von Trapp house and fell in love with the head of the household.  They then got married, and she was grateful that Mother helped her to discern her real vocation.
B000003TAL|5.0|Chances are if you are reading this review then you are at least a little bit familar with the buzz that surrounds this album and all the praise it gets as being a classic. Knowing this you should already be going out the door to buy it but if you need one more opinion to convince you then I will do so.  This is an underground classic and mentioned as one by anybody who knows what they are talking about, all this is well deserved you must realize, it is not just a couple of people who like the album. Every aspect of this album is absolutely perfect from the style and quality of the songs, to the the epic length of the whole CD (over 70 minutes). Starting off, you obviously have heard of Teenage Riot or you should go hang yourself. This is one of the most brilliant songs ever created and starts the album off to a start few others can dream of. But it doesn't stop there. In fact everything gets progressively better as it goes on until the absolutely breathtaking Trilogy which ends the CD with an even bigger bang then it starts out with. Everything in between is great too, with special props going to the epic Crossing the Breeze, the instant-classics Hey Joni and Total Trash, to the beauty of Candle and the pounding Silver Rocket. To sum things up, this one is a true classic in the sense of the word, and anyone whose heard it will agree. This is an album you need to own to fill a gaping whole in your collection. Rolling Stone put it best by saying &quot;Ignore at your own peril.&quot;
0688101364|5.0|This is the first place I look to when people ask for a cookie or bar recipe.  It's simple yet not your ordinary recipes.  I especially like the storage tips.  I'm glad that I'm not the only one who's book is falling apart.
B00000K19E|5.0|Great special effects, breathtaking, really worth watching 10 times at leasst
0811826848|4.0|I know the sheer size of this volume would probably make this idea unworkable, but I WISH they had been able to caption all the photos.  I have been a Beatles fan since 1964, and so recognized most of the people and places, but I still would have enjoyed the confirmation complete captioning would have provided.
630575067X|3.0|I really liked this movie, but there are a lot of things that could have been added if it came in DVD format. Like director/actor commentaries, Web links, image slides and all those fun stuff that you can squeeze in a DVD disc. Don't take this in a negative way, but if only people did not buy the VHS version and demanded for a DVD, they will surely come up with one.
0375501851|1.0|Did you enjoy &quot;Satanic Verses&quot;?  Well, neither did I.  Salman Rushdie gives &quot;White Teeth&quot; high marks, so if you thought Satanic Verses was a hoot, I guess you'll like this.  Trying to read this was a snore.  I skimmed, hoping in vain it would get better.  It never did.
B00003CX6P|4.0|Patricia Highsmith's classic suspense novel is gorgeously transposed onto the screen in this glossy, expertly-constructed Hollywood adaptation. The tale contains a mixture of themes: murder, the assumption of another man's identity, sexual lust and repressed homosexual leanings. Matt Damon is the villain of the piece, who manages to convince as both a harmless nobody eager to advance on the rungs of the social ladder, but who then sheds his chrysalis to emerge as a brutal and consummate murderer. Critics have objected that the film's major shortcoming was the miscasting of Damon in the title role -- (he looks far too inncocent, too &quot;good-school-boyish&quot; to carry much weight as Highsmith's sociopathic villain.) Perhaps Leonardo DiCaprio, whose features bear a touch of cruelty, might have been more suitable. Still, this objection is unjust as there are a few scenes (such as the horrifying murder in the boat with the oar) that prove that Damon, just for once, is capable of getting out of himself and acting against type. The greatest performance of the piece was Jude Law, however, while Gwynneth Paltrow just seems to sit around and look pretty. Generally recommended for buffs of the crime thriller, as the fifties backdrop seems to uncannily evoke some of the vintage suspensers of Hitchcock which also feature Mediterreanean settings -- (e.g. &quot;To Catch a Thief&quot;, 1955). A glaring implausibility of the plot, though, was the way in which Ripley managed to pull off such an obvious confidence trick without being found out sooner.
6302799066|5.0|The names of the characters in this movie, right off the bat, will have you cracking up:  General Jack D. Ripper, Dr. Strangelove, Bat Guano...it's so funny!  <br />THIS IS PETER SELLERS BEST FILM!  He plays 3 central characters- Strangelove, Mandrake, and the President.  Who would have thought that George C. Scott could be comical?  The chemistry between him and the Russian ambassador is hilarious! The guys in the fighter planes are a crack up, espcially Kong- &quot;shoot, a fellah could have a pretty good night in Vegas with all this stuff!&quot;  Dr. Strangelove has to be just about one of the funniest characters I've ever seen.  If fact, I love this movie so much, I am going to legally change my last name to Strangelove when I turn 18!  My favorite part has to be the end...the bombs go off as the world blows up with a happy song playing in the background..<br />We'll meet again, don't know where,  don't know when, but I know we'll meet again some sunny day!
B000002LFZ|5.0|It's obvious that most of the record labels make a &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; compilation of their stronger artists to sell a lot of copies and win a lot of money. But a &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; collection always represents a really nice option for the &quot;casual fan&quot; to begin the listening experience with a certain artist or band he barely knows from the radio.<br />And it's a pity, but here in Chile we don't get enough Fleetwood Mac in the radio stations. &quot;Little Lies&quot;, &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot;, &quot;Sara&quot; and &quot;Dreams&quot; were the only Fleetwood Mac songs I actually recognized before I got this CD (as a birthday gift coming from my sister), and the omissions made me ignore completely that songs I knew like &quot;Big Love&quot;, &quot;Seven Wonders&quot;, &quot;Gypsy&quot;, &quot;Everywhere&quot; and (most notably) &quot;Don't Stop&quot; were from the same band!<br />Guess I was missing a lot. This CD is a great compilation of good songs. Although the booklet misses the composer credits and some of the history of the band (that would be necessary for beginners: I had to take it from the Internet), the music and, particularly, the lyrics, are stunning. You can hardly find a band talking SO deeply and sicerely about their own problems like Fleetwood Mac (and I'm always talking about the &quot;Rumours&quot; line-up). The big loves, the dreams, the little lies, the rumours, the crystal visions, the feelings from the inner souls of the composers are showing here, like they were opening their hearts for us to see.<br />That's why Stevie Nicks' songs are always removing and special. &quot;Dreams&quot;, a particular masterpiece, showcases Stevie's simple, sometimes painful, sometimes bitter, but always pretty poetry. It's a beautiful anthem telling the story of a break-up in the eyes of a woman, a very emotional song driven magically by Stevie's sweet, deep and so special lead vocal. She's leaving his love, although it's only her who wantsto &quot;wrap around his dreams&quot;.. &quot;Sara&quot;, on the other hand, talking about &quot;the poet in her heart&quot; is an intriguing song with strange musical arrangements, with strong and abstract lyrics. The hippy-ish &quot;Rhiannon&quot; tells us the story about the woman we've always dreamed about, the one who's &quot;taken by the wind&quot;. &quot;Gypsy&quot; is autobiographical and &quot;Seven Wonders&quot; (it appears on the European edition of this CD) and &quot;No Questions Asked&quot; show Stevie as a great songwriter, and a very successful hit-maker. Everybody should love her for those bunch of songs.<br />Christine McVie's tunes are also beautiful, but in other way. She may not be as mystical or poetic as Stevie, but she's optimistic and uplifting. I will thank her every day of my life for writing &quot;Don't Stop&quot;, a song that helped a lot to change my mood in some hard mornings of my life... &quot;Say You Love Me&quot;, &quot;Everywhere&quot;, &quot;As Long As You Follow&quot; and &quot;Little Lies&quot; are extraordinary samplers of how pop music should be made (don't even start comparing them with today's pop standards), and show yet another great style of lead vocal, this time being enchanting and soft. &quot;You Make Loving Fun&quot; is a funky and well-made record and the duet between Lindsey and Christine on &quot;Hold Me&quot; is simply amazing. Note also that she's one of the greatest keyboardists in the history of pop music. (Listen to her on &quot;Say You Love Me&quot;!)<br />A few words for Lindsey Buckingham. Sure he's a great guitarist, but his work, I think, has to be a lot more than what he shows here. Of course there's the great &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot;, his sincere and deep way to see the breaking up of the same relationship Stevie talked about in &quot;Dreams&quot;. But &quot;Tusk&quot; is so weird that shouldn't even have been a hit at all... &quot;Big Love&quot; is a good song with exagerated arrangements (it's better on &quot;The Dance&quot; album) and &quot;Oh Diane&quot; (it also appears on the european edition of this album) is easily the worst song on the CD. I must say, though, that he shines as an instrumentist, just like Mick Fleetwood and John McVie do.<br />This review should not be helpful for Fleetwood Mac fans. This is for the average music listener, like me. I discovered this band only this year, and I was amazed by them. If you ever want to hear some good music, made by a trio of good composers, extremely well-arranged and with deep, sincere and meaningful lyrics, simple poetry talking about the simple things of life, buy this record. Plus, Stevie Nicks' and Christine McVie's lovely vocals are worth the price of it. Don't stop!
6304119046|5.0|I'm 15 years old, and I just recently saw this movie. I just have to say a couple things about it, besides the fact that it is the greatest film ever made and it's perfect in every way, because we all know that.  I have a message for all the viewers...if you watch this movie and expect something entertaining then, you should just not watch this film at all...it is not meant to be entertaining.  It is like a work of art.  &quot;CITIZEN KANE&quot; is like Piscasso's Old Guitarist painting...it's not exactly the happiest most entertaining painting in the world but...IT'S GOOD!  This movie is one you don't just go to Blockbuster and pick up for a good Saturday night movie..NO NO! It is a film which needs to be studied ahead of time, watched very carefully, and probed into. This is a film which calls for the human mind to function on a higher level...much higher than the normal standard of thinking.  The camera shots- we know they are beautifully mapped out and have such an artistic value to them that you could take almost any still from this movie and hang it in a art museum! You need understand this movie...study each character...especially Kane...the title of the movie is &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; because underneath all that money, power, greed, and corruption- he is just a citizen, like you and me.  So, I suggest to anyone who wants to see this movie to ask someone about it...who has studied it before...ask them to explain it...My dad helped me alot in the understanding of this movie, as he does with many movies.  Once you understand this movie, it becomes MORE than a movie...it helps you understand all movies...and how character is crucial to plot, and how the camera angles and lighting is what makes a movie different from a play....it adds an artistic element to a motion picture that you cannot acheive in a play..and Orson Welles understands this, for he is the most important and brilliant film director to ever grace the screen with one of his films.  This picture single-handedly rises above all other pictures as a masterpiece of film...and it will remain that way forever because Welles is the Shakespeare of the motion picture, and just as there will never be another William Shakespeare, there will never be another Orson Welles.
B000056N8X|4.0|Fans of Highlander will not be disappointed in this DVD.  Here we have the two MacLeods, Duncan and Connor together, sharing so many aspects of their long lives with us.  We watch, in superbly done flashbacks, their early years together, the humor, intense and passionate love, loyalty, passion, ethical conundrums, betrayal and tragedy.  There is something for everyone - even humour,  amidst the heart-breaking angst. And the music is to die for. It is particularly pleasing to see another incredible MacLeod woman - Connor's Mother.<br />I found myself laughing and crying at various times throughout the movie.  There is no doubt that fans who have a deep knowledge of the Series will particularly enjoy this DVD.  But even new viewers will not be disappointed. <br />This DVD will incorporate a number of scenes from the Workprint and this will flesh out the too short movie release.  It is a must for  those who have not been able to find another TV show or movie with the high production values, fascinating story concept, rounded characters, history, outstanding musical accompaniment, set design. clothes quality, sword and martial arts skill, tragedy, humor, farce, ethics, full-blooded eroticism, strong female and male characters - in short, Highlander: EndGamecontinues to deliver.<br />As an actor, Adrian Paul has always had a way of bringing out the best in those around him.  This certainly seems to be the case here, with Christophe Lambert turning in an outstanding performance as Connor - a man wracked with guilt and pain. Some of the most intense moments in the film are scenes where Connor says little, but his expression says it all and we feel our hearts breaking.  His love for his bonny Heather is one of the great love stories and spans centuries.  His recounting of how he once saw his Heather, cutting her hair in order to preserve a part of her for Connor that would never age was heart-wrenching.  It is the film's ability to keep posing these types of questions thatdelights.  What *would* it be like to have a gorgeous lover who never ages - who cannot die...and who loves you so intensely that he promises to watching you age and wither, to care for you and to love you until his own dying day?<br />Lisa Babuscia is another real find for me.  Her story was so tragic - so wasteful.  Indeed, there is so much that speaks of wasted opportunities, immature judgments that come back to haunt and to ultimately kill.<br />Adrian himself turns in an outstanding performance as the ravaged and distraught Duncan.  His continuing ability to work through the pain and the constant tragedy that surrounds him continues to inspire. Duncan's message is one of eternal hope for something better, that evil must be fought no matter the cost, and it is one that he never deviates from.  There are a number of scenes in particular where his performance is excellent - in particular, the rooftop scene with Connor, and a harrowing scene with Kate.<br />Whilst there was a little too much in the way of gore for my taste, I always enjoy a good sword fight and outstanding martial arts - and yes, the martial arts sequence with Donnie Yen, I am reliably informed,is shown at actual speed!  It is no technical trick - it really was that fast.  Again, full credit to Adrian and Donnie - and F. Braun Ashe who admits that he knew enough to simply get out of the way of these two and let them choreograph and do what they do so well.<br />'There can be only one!&quot;  New viewers and long time fans will not be disappointed with this welcome addition to the Highlander universe.  We have followed the journey of Duncan MacLeod for over six years - this film offers further insights into how painful that continuing journey is, for Duncan himself and those who love him and those who aspire to capture his spirit and his soul.
6304342160|4.0|entertaining story about two women who make off with the mob's money, not to mention putting the make on each other...i got more into the action and the diologue rather than the two lovers, but the sex scenes between them are hot...and graphic... gay and straight people can get into this flick. give the wachowskis  credit for being daring...
B00003CXE7|2.0|When I first saw the battle scene and heard the battle cry of the Germania barbarians, I had to replay that scene a couple of times to make sure of what I was hearing. I thought that somehow a soundtrack from another movie made in 1964 had been accidentally included with this film. The 1964 movie I'm referring to is called &quot;Zulu&quot; and is based on an actual battle in January of 1879 between British troops and Zulu warriors in South Africa.<br />So based upon this &quot;historically inaccurate&quot; event, what are we to deduce? That the Zulu nation of 1879 used the same war cry as the Germanic tribes of 180 A.D. because they were somehow descendents and migrated from North Central Europe to South Africa?<br />I wonder if the same people responsible for this gaffe had worked on &quot;Zulu&quot;, if they would have had the Zulu warriors yelling &quot;Banzai&quot;?<br />&quot;Gladiator&quot; was OK. I probably had preferred that Commodius had been dispatched as he actually had been from the historical point of view, and that Maximus had escaped, been reunited with his army and returned to Rome to battle Quintus and then found out he had been cheated out of his revenge with Commodius.<br />Another point between &quot;Zulu&quot; and &quot;Gladiator&quot; - in 1964 there were no computer enhancements done for &quot;Zulu&quot;. What you saw was real, not digitally done to show the overwhelming force of Zulu warriors. Also the battle scenes were more &quot;stable&quot;....shot in real time....not done in 3 different speeds then spinning from here to there and back again.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit as a group and their music is THE aggression we feel towards people who push our buttons! They sing and play OUR emotions when we don't know what to do with them or can't do anything about them. &quot;Break Stuff&quot; is particularly good! Need anger management? Forget dem' borin' seminars, throw on this cd baby--you'll feel better in 2 snaps. Having a bad day, week, month? Listen to this cd, ALL of it, and by the end of it,you won't know what the heck you were so bothered by!
0425173895|5.0|Only the brilliant mind of Agatha Christie could have thought of this ingenious murder mystery. The facts are all there but who would have guessed. Being British myself this book describes the setting as well as the language of the characters and surroundings to a tee. An emotional ending which leaves one thinking about life in Kings Abbot after....Must read to fill in my missing words.Its appeal still holds even after reading it so many times since its publication in 1926. After reading the book perhaps you will agree with me that to create this into a movie (which I would hope one day to be possible) would be a great challenge.
B000002C4J|5.0|CELINE DION IS THE VOICE OF THE WORLD. I HAVE LOVED NO OTHER ARTIST THE WAY I LOVE THIS AMAZING LADY. THIS PARTICULAR ALBUM IS SO GREAT, WORDS WILL NEVER DO IT JUSTICE. MY FAVOURITE TRACK IS &quot;US.&quot; THE POWER AND RANGE IN HER AMAZING VOICE IS UNLIKE ANYTHING I HAVE EVER HEARD BEFORE. TO THE REVIEWERS WHO CALL THIS ALBUM GARBAGE, IN PARTICULAR THE ONE WHO CALLED CELINE AN 'INVASION FROM OUTER SPACE' AND 'TALENTLESS,' I SUGGEST YOU THINK ABOUT THE REASON WHY YOU WROTE THOSE RIDICULOUS, MEANINGLESS, HORRIBLE WORDS. WHO IS YOUR FAVOURITE SINGER, YOKO ONO? CELINE HAS MORE TALENT THAN YOU OR ANYONE ELSE CAN IMAGINE. ONE WORD TO DESCRIBE YOU WOULD BE &quot;JEALOUS&quot; BECAUSE YOU KNOW THAT CELINE HAS A HEAVEN SENT VOICE. GET YOUR MINDS OUT OF THE GUTTER AND REALLY THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU WROTE. YOU WILL DISCOVER THAT THOSE TERRIBLE WORDS YOU SAID ARE TRASH AND DON'T MEAN A SINGLE THING.
0312952813|5.0|Michael Connelly consistently delivers exciting hard-boiled police procedurals with Harry Bosch in control. In Black Ice Bosch is cut out of an investigation of an apparent suicide of narcotics officer Calexico Moore by the bigwigs of the department.  They want to do what is pc and Bosch is definitely not that. At the same time Bosch's supervisor Pound feels compelled to increase the percentages of his homicides solved so Bosch is elected to solve some cases of an  out on stress leave detective, Porter.  Harry realizes that Porter's case, his own and Moore's &quot;suicide&quot; are all tied together.  As usual Bosch cuts corners and goes out on his own to make the pieces fit.<br />An excellent read for any fan of mystery and suspense. Connelly is always exciting and hard to put down.  I am ready for a new one.  For anyone unfamiliar with Connelly and Harry Bosch, read them in order and not spread out over years as I have done.
B000050GAW|5.0|My favorite three movies! This set include three of the best motion pictures of all time. Do not miss it!
B000005ALP|3.0|This and the first Rage Against the Machine CD both have strong, funky beats. The difference between the two is the guitar riffs. If the Eels had added another guitar player and not used keyboard as much, this would be a great album. There are some songs like Susan's House and Rags to Rags where the guitar parts are good, but most of the guitar parts are mediocre. However, Tommy is one of the best bass players ever. Too bad he had to leave. Guest List had one of the best bass lines ever...
B000051VWW|5.0|This album is an elegant output. Her voice caress the song/ballard like no other. Her music emotional touches your spirit. I love this album, it frees your mind and enlights your soul. Get this one, this is vintage SADE. Also pick up Jill Scott,MUsiq and Pru. This is music for the soul. One of the year's best performances.One.
B000006TRV|4.0|While this album isn't quite as good as some of Pink Floyd's other recordings such as &quot;Meddle&quot;, &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;, or &quot;Animals&quot;, it is still a wonderful album that tells a great story. First of all, this is a concept album. It tells the story of &quot;Pink&quot;, a guy who has been driven to madness by the world and his own personal demons. Roger Waters' lyrics are in top form here (as usual) and he describes the human experience with amazing accuracy. This album tells of problems with depression, society, friends, family, drugs, and about every other topic that everyone goes through during their life. That is why this album is so great. &quot;The Wall&quot; is meant to be listened to in its entirety (like most of Pink Floyd's albums) as it flows from one song to another, adding to the story with each note and lyric. Songs like &quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot;, &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky&quot;, &quot;Young Lust&quot;, &quot;Hey You&quot;, &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, &quot;Run Like Hell&quot;, &quot;The Thin Ice&quot;, and &quot;Nobody Home&quot; are the most notable standouts on this album, but the other songs are great too. And besides, even if the song doesn't have really good music to it, it will always have great lyrics. The 3rd best-selling album of all time. No surprise.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Ya see folks this is one of my favorite movies of all time.  So when I first got my DVD player I unfortunately bought the movie only edition from Anchor Bay.  Good edition, but lacking in extras.  A couple of months later this edition comes out and I finally have it.  What kept me from buying it? The price is a little steep, but well worth it for the carnage and truly if you're a \\"Dead\\" fan like I am.  One thing I did like better about Anchor Bay's version was it had far more chapter stops.  Where this one only contains about 16.  Anyway, loved the extras on this one.  You get the same old theatrical trailer.  You get 20 minutes of alternate takes, which I enjoyed and for only twenty minutes it really gives you a knack on how to shoot a low budget film.  The commentary was great.  Sam Raimi's was more serious and informational. Where Bruce Campbell's just made me flat out laugh, but I wish they had done one combined.  Neither of these tracks came close to the gem Anchor Bay released on \\"Evil Dead 2\\" probably the best commentary track I've ever heard.  I've said enough, buy this or I'll swallow your soul.  I give this DVD a 9.5 out of 10.
2218717166|5.0|I cannot say enough about Bescherelle: La Conjugaison pour tous. This wonderful little book is INVALUABLE. It is the ONLY reference you will ever need to learn how to conjugate all 12,000 verbs of the French language.<br />The first part of the book are the Tables of Conjugations, which show by examples all 85 unique forms of conjugated verbs in all the tenses and moods -- these include all the irregular verbs as well as those verbs which vary slightly from the regular forms. In the back of the book is an alphabetical listing of the 12,000 verbs, each with a reference to which of the 85 forms they follow when conjugated. Anywhere where the conjugation is irregular or the stem has changed (for example, the accent is changed), or there are differences in certain persons (e.g. the nous and vous persons), these warnings are printed in red to call the reader's attention to them. Bescherelle takes the extra step of listing as an individual form for certain verbs which may cause doubt. For example, take the verb &quot;apprecier&quot; (accent accute on the first e), which has its own page listing instead of under &quot;aimer&quot;. This verb is in fact a regular -er verb and can be conjugated just like &quot;aimer&quot;. However, because of the &quot;i&quot; in the stem before the &quot;er&quot;, the student may be confused or even forget to keep the &quot;i&quot; when adding an ending such as &quot;ions&quot; in the imperfect tense. Therefore, in the conjugation &quot;nous appreciions&quot;, the double ii's are printed in RED to call our attention to them. This is just one of the many things I love about this book.<br />Additionally, Bescherelle is beautifully typeset in color and is visually pleasing. It is amazing that they managed to pack so much information into each page, yet the condensed information is not tiring to the eyes. And as if this isn't enough, you would be surprised to discover just how small and compact the book is! It weighs less than a pound (I think)and is relatively thin, unlike other references that weigh a ton because of the conjugations of multiple verbs that are conjugated in the same way -- in my opinion this just adds to unnecessary extra pages. And why have only 500 verbs in a reference book, for example, when it is more than likely that one will come across many more verbs that are not listed in the reference?<br />The middle part of the book is a section on grammar and is the one part of the book that I haven't read yet because it is all in French, and although I'm at a level now where I can read French, I'm not quite ready to delve into the technical stuff yet. (For grammar, I have a separate comprehensive reference with explanations in English.) This does lead me to my last point: that you should get the all French version instead of the English one, even if you are a beginner, because you don't need to know any French to figure out how to use the Conjugation Tables and listing. I have used Bescherelle ever since I was a beginner and was able to conjugate verbs very early on even without knowing much about the explanations. This book will carry you through to the advance level and beyond, at which point you can decide to tackle the French grammatical explanations if you would like. With so many books already explained in English, it is a good opportunity to read some French technical text. This version is a real French book printed in France. But keep in mind that I'm recommending this book for the conjugation; and besides, Bescherelle (La Grammaire pour tous) as well as others have separate books on grammar that are probably more comprehensive. But of course, get the English version if you will be more comfortable.<br />So, to conclude, I recommend &quot;La Conjugaison pour tous&quot; highly to all students at all levels of study. Now...if only there is a similar version for Italian!
B000050FEN|5.0|The New Line Platinum series DVD of Seven is the best DVD to be released to date.  This 2 disc set sets the new standard by which all other DVDs will be judged.  Not only is the film one of the best thrillers of all time, but the DVD itself is astounding.  The picture quality is the best I have ever seen.  The entire film (both video and audio) was reworked specifically for DVD.  The picture was improved dramatically in both color and sharpness.  It looks better than the original film release.  The sound was remixed into a near field mix designed specifically for home theater, not a movie theater.  The detail and accuracy of the soundtrack is incredible, it both the DD (EX 6.1) and dts (ES 6.1 discrete).  This will be the new system show of disc for some time, not for its thundering bass, but for it visual superiority, and audio clarity and detail.
B00000IQUT|2.0|this movie wasn't horrible but I guess I expected too much..the acting is pretty good and the production is good but the rape scene was crude and went on for too long and seemed misogynstic...after the rape, the events seem kind of hard to believe {Keaton seducing the rapists}..I can't really suggest this one to anybody
B000002KXO|4.0|Mirage is underestimated... period.  With a band that has an astonishing catolog like Fleetwood Mac, it is hard to understand just what role Mirage played.  Clearly it was not one of the most popular or the most hit making record, but that does not mean that it lacked the quality of good fleetwood mac.  The songs are arranged beautifully and the mix of acoustics and piano are amazing, not to mention the vocals.  While only two major hits came from this album, it does still stand up to what Fleetwood Mac is all about.  It might not be for the occasional fan but for someone wanting to see every aspect of their catalog, it is well worth the purchase.
B00004Y7SF|3.0|Christina Aguilera. What can i say? Two Words: Great Voice. &quot;My kind of Christmas&quot; is the latest album from her, which was released back in october the 24th. This album combines those classic christmas songs with her uncomparable voice, which gives you a great gift for these holydays. This album really shows Christina's singing skills, songs like &quot;Have yourself a merry little christmas&quot; and &quot;Angels We have heard on High&quot; gives you a clue of what this girl can do with her voice, although this is not a good album if you wanna sing along her. A new style in christina's career is shown here, as you can hear in &quot;This Year&quot;, an upbeat and kinda R&amp;B track that you can't skipt when listening to this album. The track listing here is missing the original version of &quot;The Christmas Song&quot;, a good but slow song, which at the end is remixed by Thunderpuss, who made a great job creating a whole different and nicer version of the song. &quot;These are the special times&quot; is one of the hightlights of this album, which is not related directly to Christmas, but it's still a good song to add to this album. And, finishing my review (which i'm sure you'll find helpful), i have to remember you that this is an enhanced CD wich contains the video for &quot;The Christmas Song&quot;, a really cute video you have to watch.<br />If you really like Christina Aguilera, or pop music, i recommend you to buy this album for these holydays, and for the next ones, and next ones, and next. Merry Christmas Everyone!!<br />If you wanna email me to comment on this review, please do it! antonio@spearsuniverse.com
B000053ZRR|5.0|This dvd rocks the songs mostly sound great live and theres a lot of extra content 19 songs a 30 minut backstage program and more well worth the money
B000003TA4|5.0|I didn't buy this CD until a couple of years ago, and now I kick myself for waiting that long.  This album is arguably the most important and best of the 90s.  On top of that, the album is good, really good.  While everyone knows songs like SMELLS LIKE TEEN SPIRIT, and LITHIUM, there are other great songs on the album, including COME AS YOU ARE, which seems almost like an omen of what was coming for Cobain, to the somewhat vapid DRAIN YOU, which, despite its rather weak sound compared to the other songs, is a very catchy tune.  Any true music lover has to buy this CD.
B000020617|5.0|This has got to got to be the most commercial album to date.  Most of the album is radio friendly, yet it still contains that raw edge that the Foo Fighters have always had.  Containing the hit singles Learning To Fly, Generator, Next Year and breakout.  This being their third album has proven that a group who dont really sell by the bucket load  are one of the best groups around.  (see also Foo Fighters and The Colour And The Shape)
0671034065|3.0|This is an easy book to read, filled with wonderful, funny dialogue that makes a reader laugh out loud.  The premise is compelling right to the end, and if there are any holes in the plot, those holes are not apparent; in fact, the story is deeply engrossing.  Like too many romances, the ancillary heroines are not given enough attention--I assume that this is an official publishing industry policy so as not to tax the readers' attention, and to save paper at the same time.  But Linda Howard is a master of her genre, and if you're going to read just one romance novel this year, MR. PERFECT is a...perfect choice.  One warning, however: don't buy this as a gift for a teenage goddaughter or and 80-year old grandmother.  The language is explicit, though not disgusting, and there's lots (and lots!) of racy sex.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Its a shame that i hadnt heard about Blink 182 sooner as i feel that i have missed out on so much.  I bought the album Enema Of The State as, my friend had recommended it, and it is one of the best suys that i have ever made.  From start to finish the album is excellent.  My favourite tracks being Whats My Age Again and Going Away To College.  Blink 182 seem to be able to combine their humour with excellent music to create the perfect album that will make want to listen to it repeatedly.
B000056N8X|5.0|One word sums up this movie - Spectacular! Highlander Endgame was the most compelling story in the Highlander saga. It had an adventurous story, exceptional acting, and an awesome musical score. Every thing about this movie was Highlander at its best!<br />   In 1555, Connor MacLeod returned home and killed the local priest for killing his mother. The Priest's sun, also Connor's former friend, Jacob Kell vows revenge. In 1625, Connor discovers another immortal Highlander named Duncan MacLeod and takes him under his wing. In 1712, Duncan married immortal Kate Delany, but the marriage comes crashing down. In 1992, Kell continues his vengence when he kills Connor's dear friend Rachel Ellenstein. Connor then retreats to the Sanctuary, a place where immortals can be permanantly removed from the Game. In 2002, Kell destroys the sanctuary, but allows Connor to get away. Meanwhile, Duncan goes in search of his good friend and learns of the legacy of Kell's vengence. He also learns that his bitter wife Kate has joined up with Kell. The 2 highlanders come to the conclusion that Kell can only be beat by the power of both of them. But only one can challenge him. In order to defeat the ultimate evil, one of them must make the ultimate sacrifice. <br />   As of yet, I have only seen the theatrical release of this movie, which ran for about 80 minutes. I can't wait for the DVD release, which will run for about 95 minutes. This extra footage will do a lot for character development, which the film was lacking. Not to mention, the alternate ending. Your Highlander collection will never be complete without this DVD. Trust me, you don't want to miss this!
0679601910|5.0|I love this book. It is interesting from the start to the end. All the reviewers before me have written too much about this book, so all is said. Read it!
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is the best Britney cd ever! she has grown a lot since Baby one more time, just listen to it, but if you haven't heard it what's the point about dissing Britney?? if you dont like her, dont buy her cd and go and buy another one, but stop dissing her!
0679601910|5.0|Don't pay attention to all those stretched-minded who say that it is Chinese torture, or something else, read it. If you're intelligent enough, you will find it very interesting and realistic. However, if you don't like it, remember that Jane Austen only wrote to herself, not to all the little minded who found it boring.
B000002HPV|5.0|This is what every album should be. Not just some &quot;sticky&quot; song with good looking &quot;artist&quot; on the cover but an album that really has a high musical value. And that's exactly what Bjrk does in this album. But this album isn't just about good music. Is about revolutionary music. Every song is unique and (at least in my case) like nothing you have ever heard before. Even more &quot;mainstream&quot; songs such as &quot;Alarm call&quot; manage to keep a safe distance from any pop song that could have the slightest resemblance. <br />Listening to the album is a breathtaking experience for the senses. The music is absolutely superb and her voice.....like nothing you've ever heard. For instance, in a song like &quot;Joga&quot; she can go from a very mature voice when she sings &quot;...state of emergency&quot; to a childish voice when she sings &quot;...is where I want to be...&quot;. And the music can be slow and soft as in &quot;Unravel&quot; or fast and strong as in &quot;Bacherlorette&quot; or even &quot;Pluto&quot;.<br />But be warned. This is not some album that you can just put as background music or listen to it as you're doing something else. It demands your whole attention. If you listen to a song like &quot;Neon like&quot; without paying much attention the only thing you'll hear is someone's voice out of sync with the music. You have to sit back, close your eyes, forget about the world and focus on the music.....on every detail. Another thing is that you can't judge the album by your first impression. Bjrk is an acquired taste. You have to take your time. The first time I listened to the album I came close to dismiss songs such as &quot;Hunter&quot;, &quot;Pluto&quot; and &quot;All neon like&quot; but when I listened to them again and again I started to find the greatness in each song.<br />Truly one of my best buys ever.
B00003CXE7|1.0|this movie totally sucked --- someone else agreed on here so i`m not alone--the dialogue the plot everything is ridiculous but i agree too- all the hype had me expecting something great-- not one scene was any good and nothing that even approached that chariot scene from ben hur and that was made a million years ago --- nothing was convincing or beleivable or exciting or anything---hated it ! rip off !
630587493X|1.0|The story stars Robin Williams as a robot trying to learn to become human.  We've come a long a way since 'Mork &amp; Mindy'.  The more things change....<br />Anyway, the acting is terrible, and Williams, true to form stuffs more schmaltzy feel-good warm fuzzies down our throat than you can believe.  Totally predictable, totally puerile.  Even Sam Neil can't save this one.
0446608955|1.0|This book reminds me of a story out of a magazine, such as Redbook or Good Housekeeping.  The print [in the hardback edition] is very large so as to make the book seem bigger than it actually is.  I think it would be a fine read for an eighth grader or maybe someone who wants a quick read while traveling.  I would not recommend it for anyone who wants &quot;substance.&quot;  I definitely would not purchase it.  Take it out of the library.
0671015206|4.0|This book is certainly an interesting read. It is not a technical analysis nor is it  some fancy mumbo jumbo you'd learn in some financial seminar. These are sound,time-proven principles that are based on COMMON SENSE. We are a nation that is drowning in consumer debt because of our constant overspending. The bottom line.........LIVING BELOW YOUR MEANS WILL INCREASE YOUR MEANS!
0805062971|5.0|I was given this book by someone who knew how much I liked the movie.  I was a little reluctant to read the book for the very reason that I was such a big fan of the film.  Everyone knows how different books and movies are.  I figured it couldn't be anywhere near as good as the movie so I was a little hesitant.  But I did read it since it was a gift and I'm incredibly glad I did.<br />Never in my experiences have a book and the movie it was based on gone hand in hand so well.  For the most part there are no huge differences, rather things just got rearranged.  I considered what was left out from the book to be like bonus time with the characters that I wouldn't have gotten otherwise.  <br />And as a bit of a side note... Everywhere I read this book I had young guys in their late teens and early 20's coming up and telling me how much they loved the book, not just the movie.  To be honest I was surprised that any of them had read the book.  And as much as I loved both the book and the movie I wonder if maybe it did appeal to males more.  Maybe it was just more identifiable with them?  So while I'd suggest to anyone to read it, I would particularly to young men.
B00004C4JS|4.0|Experiment... is one of the words that surrods Tony Levin every minute of his life... and this cd is the affirmation... he is in one of most incredible moments (creative moments) and after his aproach to King Crimson, Liquid Tension 1 &amp; 2, Anderson Wakeman Brufford Howe (he plays all basses in this incredible cd) Bozio Levin Stevens 1 &amp; 2 and Papa Bear and lots of things... he is one of the best experimental and creative bass player in the entire world... if you like adventures, this cd was made for you
0425107469|5.0|After I first read Watchers, I went out and bought 7 copies, and mailed them all out as Christmas presents!    Creepy, funny, awe-inspiring.   Go buy this book!
B00003CWTI|3.0|I usually enjoy ferociously original films that are a bit too raw or honest for the masses.  With &quot;Magnolia&quot;, I don't think I got enough out of it.  Altough through the course of the film, we meet interesting, honest people and get to enjoy Mann's haunting songs along the trip, I wasn't fulfilled.  I wanted to know that these characters were either going to rise up and take responsibily or be left miserable and full of supressed angst.  I truly watched the movie, and watched as the bud turned into a flower with its growth spawning a new petal after each rainstorm, but for me it never blossomed to its fulness.  I certainly admired several performances in the film but as a whole piece it didn't satisfy me.  I think this movie is personal but not at all esoteric, I understood what it was saying to all who watched the magnolia flower grow.  I think in trying to be too concealed, P.T. Anderson leaves us with a nodding and depressed flower whose roots are nonetheless strong and intricate.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park--the band that will take the year of 2001 by storm!! This is the debut cd on the market and the first single just rocks; One Step Closer is the epitome of all songs that will top the charts this year.  Expect this band to get a load of awards in the music scene this year, that is a guarantee!! I definitely recommend to buy this cd because it is the best fifteen dollars that I have spent in a long time.
B000021Y77|5.0|One of my favorite films!  I love it's energy and it's just plain fun to watch.  It has great replay value as I've shown it to family and friends who've all been impressed by it.  You can literally sense the excitement the director must have had making this film...and it makes me want to get up and run!  I like how it shows how one person, one star-crossed heartbeat can run into different lives, setting off an explosion of events and consequences.  Also a tip, while viewing this DVD DO NOT watch the optional English Audio version unless you are up for a good laugh.  The original German audio with English subtitles is so much better.  The film evokes humor, excitment, and mabye a tear in a few scenes.  A great all around film, fast-paced and exciting, don't miss it.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I admit I didnt fall in love with Greenday until the dookie fenom was well into swing.  However the rest of america didnt either.  This is by far, their best one yet.  Those I was a little disapointed by how light the sound was, it took a full album listen, for me to understand what a great album this is. GET IT
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|Bjork is an amazing artist always making herself into a bridge so that we can step out onto it and view her deep and intricate valley.  I have been a listener since purchasing her DVD Volumen online, and cannot say how much I appreciate her music.  However, with Selmasongs, you get an extremely personal view of Bjork's interpretation of who Selma (from the film) really is.  The music may seem stark and rather depressing but the more you listen the further you get into Selma and Bjork's artistry.  And also, this CD is rather short, but it is so pakced with artistry that it makes up for it's brevity.  And didn't Shakespeare write &quot;brevity is the soul of wit&quot;?. However, purchase this CD if you are a fan or even if you want to begin to enjoy this amazing lyricist and musician.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Billy Corgan has definatley carved out a unique niche for himself and his band throughout their lifespan on the ever changing musical scale.  After all they have done with alternative rock even now in the new millenium, there most infuential album is still Siameese Dream.  Every song is a gem that comes straight from the heart and with the unmistakable sorrow and open spirit that has become the Pumpkins trademark.
6305358613|5.0|I discovered this film on DVD about a year ago and bought it despite mixed reviews, some claiming how the movie was inept in its attempt to accurately portray Queen Elizabeth 1's reign.  While watching this film, that's not what I was thinking about at all.  The entire drama is an interpretation of the uncertain early reign of this young, brave queen.  And things have been altered but only to enhance artistically an actual historical time and place.  The way director Shekhar Kapur used his sets, filming his lead characters through grates and red veils, framing each scene so equisitely is breathtaking.  He uses everything around the characters in order to give an emotional charge and electricity to an otherwise over-trodden stale tale of her steady and absolute monarchial power.  And enough cannot be said of Cate Blanchett's performance!  She was delicate and then suddenly powerful, and the way she always has another emotion lurking behind her eyes is marvelous.  You see how these four different men in her life struggle to protect, love, serve, and destroy her.  The relationship between Elizabeth and Dudley is wonderful.  It displays themes of how power, trust, and love coincide. Enough said!  The casting is perfect, the locations are sumptous, and the costumes and sets are lavish and beautiful.  One of the best films I have, I've seen it about 15 times.  Stunning!!
B000002A46|5.0|this is the best christmas cd i have ever heard. all of the songs are so beautiful a must buy and mariah carey has the single all i want for christmas is you coming out featuring lil bow wowand with all new vocals also a most buy.
0792151712|4.0|I went to see the Titanic no less than three times. When I saw it for the first time, I was junior. The reason why I saw it more than three times is that, in a word, it moved me. I had never seen in my life such a impressing movie.      When I listen to the music used in the movie, scenes of the story come to my mind. It matchs well with those scenes. Especially, the tune used in the scene when Jack makes a promise with Rose in the cold sea brings tears to my eyes.     I think Rose is a wonderful character, because she accepts Jackfs death and never tries to die following him. I think it is very difficult to accept a painful thing as it is and to try to live after that.     It may be cruel to say so, but I think what makes the Titanic an impressing movie is Jackfs death. When Jack dies, I also feel sad and I wish Jack was alive. But if he was  saved, I think the tragedy of the Titanics foundering could not be conveyed.     Till I saw this movie, I only knew the fact that the Titanic ran against an iceberg and sank. But the Titanic is the movie that  reproduces the fact faithfully. Seeing the movie, I learned many things about the accident and felt how tragic it was.
0783241569|5.0|Love is ... William and Anna on June's bench at the park.
1563896656|5.0|Moore has done a fantastic job of weaving a broad tapestry of the most famous fantasy characters of the Victorian Age.  The story development seems well grounded in each character's original book and serves as a launching pad for a well-crafted tale.  It really stretched my memory of these classic stories.  I cannot remember if Captain Nemo was Indian in the original Jules Verne story.  Does anyone recognize Campion Bond?  Is he a Moore character?  Furthermore, Moore has created a harmonious synergy of the heroes and villains  that develop them far beyond what their creators intended - especially Mina Murray.  Also interesting was the Mars sub-plot that probably deals with Wells' &quot;The War of the Worlds&quot; and sets up the next volume.  It reminded me somewhat of the pirate comic book in &quot;The Watchmen&quot;.  The Allan Quartermain feature is also an enjoyable and quick read.
0553106635|5.0|I read hugely and omnivorously, devouring good, bad, and mediocre alike in my quest for more printed material to stuff into my hopper. This is in many ways one of the best things I've ever read. It's marvelously entertaining, with great characters and a rock-solid world under their feet, and the story is worthwhile and fiendishly complicated and well-crafted. It's a sharp look at a quasi-medieval society unencumbered by much in the way of religion, philosophy or science, where the average man's life is nasty, brutish, and short. Martin tips his hat to dozens of other authors without plagiarizing, and the incredible wealth of detail creates a well-rounded work. But Martin has a thing in common with Stephen King as well: he introduces you to warm, living human beings, then puts them in horrible jeopardy. I literally felt the blood drain from my face as I saw where he was taking his story, and his people. I could rant and rave about the heraldry, and the backstory, and the families and bystanders and the actual fantastic elements of the story, about dragons and shadowbinders and blackhanded zombies with glowing blue eyes, about duty and honor and their obverse as well ... but you'd think I was talking about a Jordan or Goodkind or other Tolkien-imitator. This is the real stuff, the books that go on your short shelf next to Tolkien and Stephen Donaldson. I read once about a trick Eskimos play on wolves by throwing them frozen blubber with a sharpened whalebone doubled over and frozen inside; once in the wolf's belly it thaws and snaps open. This series leaves a similar cold feeling inside for days, as troubling questions about man and society and our obligations snap open and stab at your vitals.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is a great album. Britney has a unique voice and her own unique style which makes her and her music stand out. You people are so cruel to trash her and her music like this. It's a good upbeat pop album. I am in my 30's, yes my 30's &amp; I enjoy Britney's music. I enjoy and appreciate different types of music and various musical artists in all music categories including pop, jazz, R&amp;B, classic rock, classical, Opera, Disco, and yes, even a fan in her 30's can honestly say I enjoy this CD. I think she is a beautiful talented young singer and I look forward to her future releases. Britney - poo on all those who trash your music. Those of us who appreciate music and have a broad admiration to various musical artists will enjoy this album.
0393317552|4.0|This book was awarded the Pulitzer Prize, and, to let you know where I'm coming from, I think that this is in large part due to the generally Left leaning politics that I believe the author adheres to, and with which I mostly agree. The author's premise is that environmental differences and NOT innate genetic differences explain the varing &quot;success&quot; and &quot;failures&quot; of native peoples to expand their geographical reach. (i.e. Europeans came to dominate the world, not due to genetic superiority, but for reasons having ultimate cause in environment). If the reader is aware of the author's bias, then he or she will get a lot out of it.<br />That said, if you want to understand how civilizations arose over the course of the past 10,000 years... how human societies progressed from hunter gatherers, to agricultural societies, to the current state of the world, this book is a great place to start.<br />This is definitely a &quot;popular science&quot; book, and as such, suffers from an unfortunate amount of repetition. Yet, this does give the reader the opportunity to mull over the author's propositions, rather than simply be introduced to them and not have time to reflect. <br />These ideas are chiefly that geological happenstance and coincidence, along with ecological factors played a substantial role in the development of the world's different societies. Some of the most important factors include geological features that facilitated or impeded the diffusion of inventions/ideas and the relative abundance of native plant and animal species suitable for domestication.<br />To cite one typical example from the book, Diamond argues that the America's smaller land mass coupled with the narrow isthmus of panama and the arid/semi-arid region separating southern mexico from the eastern United States effective fragmented the New World into several mini-continents.  By contrast, the relative connectedness of the mediterranean, fertile crescent, India and even (occasionally) China, fostered an exchange of ideas, domesticates, and technology that gave Old World societies significant advantages in terms of technological innovation and increasing cultural complexity.<br />Despite the book's verbosity and occasional dogma, it is still very much worth reading.  I learned a lot about the rise of civilizations and the spread of humans throughout the globe.  Hopefully others will similarly be rewarded for reading this book. Happy reading!
B00004TWZK|4.0|When I saw the movie for the first time, I was a junior high school student. I felt sympathies with the theme of this movie. And I thought that it reminded me of some precious thing. Now I am a university student, I feel the same affection as I felt when I was a junior high school student by the wonderful movie.     The scene of the story is on a town in the county side of the US, in which four boys spend their last summer as elementary school students. For some reasons, they make an adventure during two days to find a corpse to be famous. And they have some problems with their domestic life and their relationships with people around them.They learned many things from only two daysf adventure, and they began to grow up to be men.     One of attractions of the movie is that it makes me remember that I have had similar experiences in my childhood. Atmosphere of each scenes of the movie comes home to my heart, because the music of the movie is great so it arouses our feelings and goes well with scenes. For example, the scene on their way to destination, when they draw water from a well in a timberyard, they are tensed up for they are afraid of being found by a man. I feel a sympathy with their tension, for it seems the tension every children would feel when they visit unfamiliar places. The emotion that they share with best friends is great precious thing and it makes them grow up. I think that adult pepole who spend their lives routinely will be able to go back to their starting points if they watch the movie.
B000056N8X|3.0|It was a sad thing to see that all the expectation of this movie was left in the promises that they decided to cut.  They tried to tie in the first and third installment in this series only barely being able to do so.  If you are a die hard HTS watcher this is a must.  If you are only a fan of the movies, you may be left with a bad taste in your mouth.
B00000DQSS|4.0|Which of progressive music's great mentors has had the better influence over Kate -- Pink Floyd's Dave Gilmour or former Genesis frontman Peter Gabriel?  On the basis of this masterpiece, I plump strongly for Gilmour.  There are some fantastic melodies -- 'Babooshka', 'Blow Away', 'Army Dreamers' and 'Breathing' -- all of them presumably first conceived on piano.<br />It was Peter Gabriel who told Kate that it was better to compose songs first on the drum machine -- a bizarre idea, but it worked for his 'So' album.  The more she stuck with this idea, the harder she found it to write beautiful melodies.  And now she appears to have permanent writer's block.<br />But back to this album: There are the usual British sidesmen: Former Cockney Rebel Stuart Elliott, former Alan Parsons Project guitarist Bairnson, Max Middleton (who played keyboards on Jeff Beck's 'Blow by Blow') and Brand X's Morris Pert.  'Breathing' is a gorgeous tune, and Kate never looked more desirable than in the accompanying video.  A wonderful end to phase one of her career.  After this, it was time for her 'Kid A' equivalent.
0783235607|5.0|PSYCHO has a wonderful script, masterful directing, and some of the best editing I've ever seen.  PSYCHO is a Hitchcock masterpiece with a spine tingling Joseph Stefano script and more brilliant Alfred Hitchcock atmosphere, PSYCHO being perfected on screen from the Robert Bloch book.  The acting is wonderful, too, Anthony Perkins wonderfully creepy.  Janet Leigh is great as the troubled Marion Crane.  Vera Miles is beautiful as Marion Crane's determined sister and Martin Balsam is perfect as Detective Arbogast.
B000001FVL|3.0|This is an important historical document in the career of Trevor Horn, perhaps the most influential British producer of the 1980s.  I have never worked out how Yes decided that he was the man to revive their fortunes, given that this album was the only evidence (at the time) of what he could create.  This album is pure pop, aimed purely at the Top 40 singles chart.  There are two important tracks on the album: 'Video Killed the Radio Star' was a catchy No. 1 that accurately foretold the past.  And 'Elstree' is a great tune in its own right.  (I spent the first half of my life living just two miles from Elstree, and although the spirit of the song doesn't convey the memories I have of the place, it's nice to have people write songs about your home town!)<br />After this, Trevor Horn (and Geoff Downes) were brought into Yes and helped create the amazing 'Owner of a Lonely Heart', complete with all its boxy effects.  Horn repeated these effects, with the help of some of the members of Yes, on the Frankie Goes to Hollywood album, 'Welcome to the Pleasuredome'.<br />This album is nothing like Yes.  It is more like 10cc, Duran Duran, Human League, Depeche Mode and other UK pop bands of the early 80s.  There's nothing offensive here, but the era from which it came has now gone.  For nostalgia and pop history only.
6305265666|5.0|I must admit an Associate gave this DVD to me. It collected dust for months before I finally sat down to watch it. Boy was I blown away by this film, Drew Barrymore has done the impossible -she made Cinderella accessible to today's independent, free spirited women like me.  Her Danielle (Cinderella) isn't sitting around waiting to be saved by some Prince.  She's strong willed, forceful, has her own opinions and is independent. These very qualities are the qualities that made her Unique and intoxicating to her Prince Charming.  She's a true role model for women of all ages. It's a feminist version without being preachy, and it's the perfect light hearted, yet romantic film that both women and men can enjoy.  It's the type of film that you can watch over and over again, no matter what mood you are in. It's perfectly vapid, but charming and engaging at the same time. I watched it 15 times in two months.  This film is highly recommended. <br />This is a rare case where the VHS Edition of a film outshines the DVD Version. The DVD's Letterboxed aspect ratio is too extreme, even for my 60 Inch Widescreen TV, the picture was still way to small, and it's not even animorphic, so zooming in, still doesn't fill up the screen. The Digital transfer is sharp but the extreme aspect ratio makes the color tones on the cinematography look washed out. As far as the added value DVD Junk that we've come to expect from a Fox release, this DVD is barren. <br />The only thing it contains is the Trailer and some cast bios, and for that they want $29? Don't pay it!  Get the VHS Tape. This is one of those films that's truly meant to fill up an entire screen and you can only get that with the VHS version. <br />This was one of Fox's very first DVD releases so I forgive it for the sloppiness and shallowness of this package - only because I love the movie so much.  But an excellent movie like this deserves a &quot;special edition&quot; package to make the DVD purchase worthwhile.
B000001E7T|5.0|I was at first put off by  the slick Flood production and the popularity of &quot;Down By the Water&quot;.  I was definitely more into the rawness of Rid of Me.  But years later i see this as one of her best and certainly in a class of its own.<br /> This album comes off with a blues-based impetus.  Surely PJ's no stranger to confessional song writing but this one has her sounding like an honest to god 50ft. Queenie.  Listen to the title track and  hear her yell from the bowels of hell.  &quot;Meet Ze Monsta&quot; has that deep fuzz bass that permeates a lot of this album.  &quot;Working for the Man&quot; is an incredible sparse groove.  Other notables are &quot;Long Snake Moan&quot; and even &quot;Down By the Water&quot;.  <br /> So many PJ fans just can't get into this record.  They either care for early (Dry, Rid of Me) grunge or the later, (Is this Desire, Stories From the City,) more polished recordings.  This really stands alone for the production and depth of soul searching she does.  A must have.
630518299X|5.0|I saw the Truman show because it stars Jim Carrey. He is my favorite actor. Until I saw the movie. I had thought him a comedy actor. But he is very impressive in this movie. So I found new aspects of him. I came to like him more seeing the movie.     This moviefs story is as follows. Trumanfs life is broadcasted to nation wide. He has only imitation fiends and family. But he has not noticed those things. So he thinks he spends a normal life. But one day he has doubts about his circumference. He tries to discover the truth. In the end, he goes into the real world out of the imitation life.     My favorite scene is the final scene. He goes out to the actual world from the world which gives absolute safety to him. He chooses the actual world. It is very exciting so I took an enormous liking to the scene. Another scene I like is the scene in which people are watching Trumanfs life on television. The description of the people is very real. So it is interesting to me. Besides, there are many nice scenes. So I like this movie very much.
B000005H40|5.0|If you are a John Coltrane or jazz fan, and if you enjoy &quot;Blue Train&quot;, I highly recommend getting &quot;The Ultimate Blue Train&quot... available from Amazon. It has the same 5 original songs, plus 2 alternate takes of Blue Train and Lazy Bird, plus it is newly remastered and is enhanced with many interviews with the other players and Rudy Van Gelder, plus a video of Miles Davis and John Coltrane performing &quot;So What&quot; and tons of photos. This version is great, but the &quot;Ultimate&quot; is so much better and worth the few extra dollars.
B000003N7K|5.0|quite by accident i happened to hear MY ONE AND ONLY LOVE. to put it mildly i was blown away. i cant imagine how i have lived nearly a half  a centurywith out hearing johnny hartman. all i can say is buy this cd, you wont regret it.
B000005H7D|5.0|It is really too bad that more people don't take the time to appreciate true jazz. I have heard it called &quot;boring&quot;, &quot;hard to listen to&quot;, &quot;it doesn't make sense&quot;, or &quot;it all sounds the same&quot;. The fact is, is that too many people just go along with the 'trends'. They listen to pop radio, which is easy to follow, but which also, when a song is played over and over again like all hit pop songs are on the radio, they end up hating the song. I know, because it happens to me too. But that doesn't happen with great jazz. Because it takes a few listens to grasp it, when it finally clicks and has gotten into your mind and soul, it is there to stay. Listen to it a million times, and you will still find something new. Great jazz like &quot;Blue Train&quot; will never die. A thousand years from now it will still be played, enjoyed and marvelled over, while most #1 pop stars and songs will be long forgotten. I am not a jazz expert by any means, but I know without a doubt that this is one, if not, the, best jazz albums ever. And the enhanced feature makes it more special. A must and a necessity for any true jazz fan.
0679879269|1.0|I truly loved the first two books in this series and also was quite taken with this one until the last few chapters.<br />Pullman then seemed to completely switch books.  Some of the most interesting characters completely changed personalities with no apparent motivation or explanation.  It was as if he couldn't  figure out how to resolve all the various ideas, so he just took the easiest possible way out and quit writing.  Perhaps he was getting pressure from his publisher to hurry it up.<br />If he couldn't figure out a reasonable denoument, I would much rather he have continued the story into a fourth volume than wrap it up the way he did.<br />I doubt I'll be buying any more of his books.
0140185232|5.0|I don't believe any other story has moved me quite the way this one has. Larry Darrell's single-minded quest for meaning is told by one of the true masters of prose, Englishman W. Somerset Maugham. Set mostly in upper-class Europe following the first World War, Larry contrasts sharply with his rich acquaintances who desperately seek meaning in their own lives, but never seem to know exactly what they are looking for.    While Maugham makes it clear that Larry has gained unique insight from his endless quest, he also takes pains to detail what Larry has given up - allowing us to wonder about the choices we might have made along the way. He never quite allows us inside of Larry's head, leaving his peaceful state just out of reach, almost as if Maugham is urging us to pursue a quest of our own.    Maugham wrote this late in his career, and he patiently tells this story in a way that demonstrates understanding of both the subject and form.  Unfortunately, in a culture that values 60-minute television dramas and 120-minute films with clear plot-markers, his style of meaningfully building characters who actually live the story instead of being rushed past the various turning points is not well understood or appreciated today. However, any reader who willingly follows Maugham as he learns about Larry Darrell will be richly rewarded.
B00004Z459|5.0|This has to be the best debut of the year.  I buy a lot of CDs and download a ton of underground stuff from online, looking for something new.  I didn't really expect too much when I first heard of Linkin Park, and &quot;One Step Closer&quot; is a good, but not great, song.  However, when I bought the album, I was blown away.  It's not often that I can say a rap-rock album is actually REFRESHING.  These guys have something new here; not the tired Limp Bizkit-style stuff.  If anything, Linkin Park sounds a little like Incubus, but to even compare them to Incubus is limiting.  Go out and buy this album!  Track 1 is amazing, Track 5 is awesome, and track 8 is addictive.  There's definite promise here; I can't wait to see what Linkin Park will do next.
0792153189|1.0|This movie was awful.  The kid and his girlfriend, Tea and her dad.....I just wanted them all to die at the end.  I felt no emotion at all towards their underdeveloped characters.  Woods marrying that girl was unrealistic as were her and her parents, and I was hoping that one of the asteriods would knock them off their bike at the end, or maybe the waves would catch up to them (how were they in the mountains anyway?).  No such luck.  I might have given it 2 stars in that case.  Watch Armageddon for a good asteriod movie.  You can cry at that ending also, and it's for a much more worthy character.
B000021XS0|4.0|I am an early Genesis/Yes/King Crimson fan who came to Dream Theater only recently. I love the instumental parts of this cd,but the vocals bring it down.The Lamb this is not.I still highly recommend buying it,but I prefer Liquid Tension Experiment.The insrumentalists in this band are awesome but the vocals seem melodramatic and the lyrics trite.
B000053VAF|5.0|Dogma was funny from beginning to end, there were totally angels in it, the angels were funny angels and jay and silent bob were funny too, the angels had no private parts so that made them very angry because of the fact that they had none.  Ben Affleck was good in it Jason Mewes was good and when the last scion came into it she had to stop the angels from getting into heaven because the world would end if they did and Ben Affleck and Matt Damon wouldn't be able to make any more super groovy movies like Pearl Harbor and Legend OF Bagger Vance and Black Stallion 2.  I like the best part when matt damon is drinkin beer at the end cuz hes happy that he can get drunk again and he's just chillin and wobbling all over and then alanis comes down from heaven and since she's not a good singer her voice hurts ben affleck and his head breaks open and then the movie is over.  I love this movie it's the best one that came out in the longest time.
0201626632|5.0|Over the years, I have filled most of the roles described in this book, from raw graduate to mentor and reviewer.<br />There are two books, this one, and Peter Medawar's &quot;Advice to a Young Scientist&quot;, that I read now for both pleasure and profit, and only wish I had read (or in the present case, that it had been around for me to read)40 years ago.<br />My only criticism is that this book says nothing about the transition from research to management, although this will be a stepping stone (or a stumbling block) in the career of all but a minority of scientists.
B00003CXE7|1.0|I was excited to see Gladiator, I really was.  I expected a lot from the man who gave us Alien.  Then I actually saw it and thought to myself, what a waste of money (I'm talking about the film, not my six bucks).  In the first battle, the film takes a decidedly &quot;Hollywood&quot; turn.  The battle is shot in a mixture of slow motion and blurred shots that leave everything to the imagination and leaves you hanging before the movie's hackneyed plot even begins to unfurl in its oh so predictable manor.  Compared to Braveheart, Gladiator's battles are nothing more than campy and predictable fight scenes ala John Woo films.  The acting and the characters are paper thin.  Rather than come across as a mean-spirited monarch, Juaquin Phoenix (who's bad in any movie) simply acts like a whiny baby and spends the whole movie trying to get into his sister's pants.  Russel Crowe (pure window dressing) acts like a typical Russel Crowe and spends the movie rather void of emotion.  In Ben Hur, you could see and believe the anger and fury in Charlton Heston's face when he was framed by his best friend.  In Gladiator, Crowe looks like he's trying to remember whether or not he left the oven on.  The best performance in the movie by far comes from veteran actor Richard Harris.  Unfortunately, he's not in it for too long.  The film is basically a carbon copy of oscar winning epics such as braveheart.  Man loses someone close to him and is forced into a position he doesn't want to be in.  He goes up agains tremendous odds, triumphs, earns the respect of his people, and dies in the end, and right before he dies, Crowe sees a vision of his deceased family (Braveheart anyone?).  If you're looking for a good Roman epic.  Wait until March when Ben Hur comes out on DVD.
B00004Z511|5.0|Radiohead couldn't impress me more, but they will.  Just the fact that these guys have the next album already recorded and another record ready to go is unbeleivable.  3 records in 18 months is amazing and they are going to do it!  And you know its going to be good cuz its radiohead.  If you are a devoted fan of Radiohead then you would love their B-sides and unrealesed songs most of which you can find on the net, or at [...] which is the best radiohead site in my eyes.  Please before you die, you must see radiohead in concert cuz there is not a thing on earth that will amaze you more! thank you!
B0000025BL|5.0|Simply the single finest rock-and-roll album ever recorded, featuring the finest performer imaginable. Meat Loaf's emotional and compelling voice offers the ultimate interpretation of Jim Steinman's considerable songwriting talents. A not-to-be-missed experience!
B000050IMG|1.0|Why did this movie get so much hype this summer???? It sucked!!! People said this was the best comedy of the summer, what the hell??!! Road Trip was definetly the best comedy. Scary Movie was nasty and stupid. There was only a few funny parts but not many. I think it should have been rated NC-17. It contained a lot of un-necessasry cursing and nudity. Don't waste your time and money of this terrible movie!
B0000025BL|5.0|Simply the single finest rock-and-roll album ever recorded, featuring the finest performer imaginable. Meat Loaf's emotional and compelling voicee offers the ultimate interpretation of Jim Steinman's considerable songwriting talents. A not-to-be-missed experience!
B000051VWW|4.0|After a long hiatus, Sade returns with her new CD entitled &quot;Lovers Rock.&quot;  From the opening riff of &quot;By Your Side,&quot; Sade lures us back into her hypnotic, smooth sound that conjures thoughts of romantic evenings and sexual gratification.  Familiar sounds abound from the chugging guitar chords on &quot;Somebody already broke my heart&quot; to lyrics that speak of love and loss.  While the songs are new, they seem instantly familiar.  Don't expect a radical departure here.  If you liked Sade before, you'll like her now.  &quot;Lover's Rock&quot; is as good as ever, but not better.
0446310786|5.0|This book is truly an amazing work of art.  Although I titled this &quot;high school reading&quot;, I think that it's a book that can be read and understood by all ages.  It is beautifully written and narrated by the adult Jean Louise &quot;Scout&quot; Finch, as she talks about when she was 8, and how her family(herself, her brother Jem, and her father Atticus) dealt with Atticus defending black Tom Robinson for a crime he didn't committ against a white woman in a racist town.  Atticus is probably one of my favorite all time characters.  He is so sweet and compassionate, and just like that other review said, a perfect rolemodel.  Even though the ending of this book is pretty depressing, I still love it to death.  I'll try to not give too much of the ending away for those of you who haven't read it.  It just seems upsetting to me that Atticus proved so many times that Tom Robinson didn't do it, and the defense had nothing and they still won, just because Tom Robinson was black.  Maybe that's why the book is so good, though.  It doesn't give a Disney ending.  The ending is harsh and serious, but it's realisic.  I have read a few of these reviews, and I was really sad that no one explained the meaning of the title.  I wrote a report on it, so I should know this.  Tom Robinson, the man falsely accused of a crime he didn't commit, and represented by Atticus, is a mockingbird.  When Jem and Scout get guns for Christmas, Atticus tells them the only thing they can't shoot are mockingbirds because they don't do anything but make sweet music for us to hear. This is why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.  Much in the same way, it was a sin to kill Tom Robinson(he dies) because all he ever did was help the girl who accused him of raping her(the crime he was convicted for). I suppose I just ruined the ending, so I'll stop now.  But the bottom line is:  This is a really great book, and you should read it if you haven't already.  Or, if you already have, read it again.  It's a great lawyer book.
0440219078|4.0|I read the book The Giver. The Giver won the 1994 Newberry award.  This book is about a boy named Jonas.  In the community that Jonas lives in everything is perfect.  Everyody is assigned a role and they do what they have to to do that role.  The role Jonas receives requires special training.     I liked this book because it is easy to understand.  This book takes place in the future so I liked to see what the author thought the future would be like.        If you read this book I hope you enjoy it.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|I'm surprised by the number of satisfied people reviewing this movie- especially those who went to see a good car chase flick, which this was obviously aspiring to be.  But car chases make up maybe 7% it's length!  What a ripoff for a film that markets itself as a high-octane petal stomper! I was expecting big budget driving excitement and was left with two decent sequences at the head and tail, but a whole lot of  nothing inbetween- with no decent character development or story to give this movie substance, it needed to at least stink up the theater with the smell of burning rubber... and for me it fell miserably short.
B000002VCW|5.0|I don't have this album on a cd, but I was in my basement one day and I found The perfectly good looking album(on vinyl). After I took the album out of it's jacket I placed it on my turn table, I loved it. I would have to say my favorite song was year of the cat. I'm sorry I don't have much to say but, if you want an album worth buying for this is the one!!!
B00000JPHD|1.0|I have the older version of this wonderful old horror classic and it it truly great.  For some reason the version here has been scored with the modern Phillip Gloss.  The modern score is scarier than Bela Lugosi.  In fact the modern drumming music is often so loud that the actors can not be heard.  How could they ruin this fine old flic?  This is very sad indeed!
B0000399WI|5.0|i don't know if i could add much to what everyone else has said, but this is a classic film about hope. it shows really well that no matter how tough or how degrading things can be, the hope of a better in the future is always there. i love watching this movie all the time and i recommend it to everyone out there.
0446677450|5.0|Too little or too much?  Believe it or not, they can both be a serious problem.<br />This is just one of the many challenging concepts in Dr. Kiyosaki's first of a three book series about taking good lessons from the rich and giving them to the poor (i.e. yourself).<br />Why take advice from him?  Well, he has a lot of money.  And this book tells you the incredible story of the many lessons he had to learn from his best friend's 'rich' dad and his own 'poor' dad&quot; in order to change his belief system and ultimately become a 'rich' thinker.<br />Is this a get rich quick book..?  Nope.  Not even close.  I would describe it as a &quot;get rich by changing your ideas&quot; book.  And after reading it you will almost certainly have to go back and rethink everything you have ever been taught about money.  CAUTION READERS!!  There are some serious paradigm shifts ahead.  That's what I love most about this book.  Dr. Kiyosaki challenges the reader to redefine the foundations of personal finance.  (Is your house an asset or liability?  If you said it's an asset, you need to read this book to find out why you are wrong.)  I think what is also quite appealing about this book is that the author doesn't force his belief system upon the gentle reader... nor does he try to talk down to the reader or shame him for being so darn ignorant sometimes.  He simply says:  Here are the facts.  Here are the choices.  What do you want to do?<br />On a more personal note... most of my adult life I have been flat broke (or deep in debt)... and it wasn't until I read this book that I really understood why.  I had all the wrong ideas about what money is... and what it isn't.  Robert Kiyosaki completely changed my ideas about money.  I like that.  And I like this book.  Are you already a multi-millionaire?  Fine.  Forget about this book.  Otherwise, Buy it, Read it and then decide what kind of money problems you want to have, too little... or too much!
B000000OAL|5.0|'Queen' is the first album of the group with the same name. It was released in 1973, after two years of performing in London clubs. The album contains the kind of music, to which later Queen-fans probably have to get used to. It is the same kind of music Led Zeppelin made in those days. The best song on this album is 'Liar', which is a predecessor of Queen-classics like 'The march of the black queen' and 'Bohemian rhapsody' due to its guitar-orchestrations and vocal harmonies. Another highlight is 'The night comes down' that slides into the fantastic 'Modern times rock 'n' roll' with an acoustic intermezzo. Other tracks on this album are the first Queen-single 'Keep yourself alive' (that never made it into the charts), the Smile-cover 'Doing all right', the strange 'Great king rat', the fantastic 'My fairy king', the Robert Plant-lookalike 'Son and daughter', the nasty 'Jesus' and a musical taste of the later hit 'Seven seas of rhye'.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|This movies is great! A perfect atmosphere of tension and suspense is carried throughout the movie. A team based on a U.S. submarine is sent on a mission to caputure a German U-Boat in tact, so as to steal the Enigma Machine (German code generator); so as to be able to know German orders and positions. They complete the missions, and then things go wrong.... (great tension).  Makes the popcorn taste even better.<br />Now, most people give this a lower rating becasue it is not historically correct. And it is the true the British were the major players in capturing the Enigma machine; and credit is given at the end.  But hey....this is entertainment. Not a documentary. People forget what the are rating. I do not see people lowering their rating on &quot;Kelly Hero's&quot;, becasue it is not factual........It is entertainment, and good entertainment.<br />So if you want a very enjoyable W.W. II Submarine film filled with suspense and tension watch &quot;Das Boot&quot; or &quot;U-571&quot;. Both are good. (and preferred in that order)
B00003CX95|5.0|The most brilliant historical epic ever crafted for film, &quot;Braveheart&quot; packs a wallop of bloody warfare which equals the overpowering emotion and intensity of this cinematic smash. Wrapped within the content of this gorgeous package are a stellar cast of well-known, talented actors who know their characters, a director who does so much with the material he is given, and a story that is as unforgettable as the story of your own life.<br />&quot;Braveheart&quot; tells the story of William Wallace (Mel Gibson, who also directed the film), a Scottish commoner whose father was killed by the English when he was but a child. After leaving with his uncle, Wallace has returned to his homeland to find that the English king, known as Longshanks (Patrick McGoohan), has taken over every aspect of his countrymens' lives. The murder of his wife of less than a week gives him the courage and the added measure to raise a rebellion against the English rule, roaming across the countryside scouting for rebel troops who are willing to give their all for the freedom they have never known. Upon the way, Wallace will encounter many different people: the princess of Wales (Sophie Marceau), and Robert the Bruce, a man who is easily swayed by money and power. Who will he trust, and what will be the ultimate fate of his country?<br />Winner of five Academy Awards including Best Picture of 1995, the film swept itself into the hearts of millions as their favorite film of all time, proving that big, bloody battle epics which a surprise touch of emotion and genuine feeling are not just for certain people. The film is universal in that is has something within its plot that everyone can find enjoyable: the authentic battle scenes, the historical references and subplots, the romance and passion of the main characters, and the themes of neverending strength and courage.<br />Mel Gibson was given a mole hill when he received the script for &quot;Braveheart,&quot; a mole hill easily made into agigantic mountain. Packed into the gorgeous ensemble is a plot that makes sense in every direction it goes. Where there are quite a few subplots that some may find difficult to follow at first, the ending will bring all the neccessary answers needed. The story is also full of strong emotions, and almost every minute of the film will have its viewers captured in a sense of wonder, disbelief and utter awe.<br />Cast members know what they are doing with their characters, truly bringing each one to life and adding integrity to the dialogue. Gibson shines as Wallace, conveying the perfect amount of strength and courage. Sophie Marceau, who portrays the stunning Princess Isabel, is full of nothing but emotion and touching sympathy in all of her scenes. Catherine McCormack is the beautiful Murron, Wallace's wife, whose brightness and cheerful attitude are too short-lived before her untimely death. And McGoohan is excellent as the crafty and devious Longshanks, his wit and witicism adding to the gruelish demeanor of the merciless king of England.<br />Also notable are the stunning cinematography and the haunting musical score, which are the kep centerpieces of the movie. Camera shots from mountain tops as well as inn the middle of battle each help to bring forth the feeling and emotion is intends to evoke. The musical score, written by Academy Award-winning James Horner, is 100% elegance, 100% somber and melancholy, and 100% brilliant. His passion for score writing shows through in his themes of sadness and tragedy for the film.<br />By the end of the film, you will find yourself ready to experience the passion, the courage, the struggle and the glory, as this film takes hold and grasps firm long after it is seen. A big must for any video collection, and quite unarguably the most epic and grand film experience ever made!
B000056N8X|4.0|I saw the movie several times in the theater and enjoyed it more each time I saw it.  I am an avid fan of both the movies and the TV series and my only disappointment was that the movie was too short.  The director has said the DVD will contain more scenes and additional 'making of' material.  I am looking forward to buying the either the DVD (with the Director's Cut) or VHS version.
B00003CXE7|5.0|i thoroughly enjoyed this film when i saw it in the theatres and when i saw it later on DVD. i also enjoyed the extras, and was wondering why some of those scenes were left out, like the meeting between the senators and priscilla's character. it really showed the importance of what was going on. i thought the lion-mauling-a-boy-scene was pretty stupid though and glad that it was left out. it should have been left out of the deleted scene selection. but in any case, even now in december, without having seen crouching tiger, hidden dragon yet, gladiator is still the best movie of the year and i hope it is well honored at the oscars.
0375501851|1.0|just not worth it.  as one reviewer said, &quot;pop novel&quot; of the worst kind.
B000002MIB|4.0|Aside from being suspiciously slick for any &quot;live&quot; album, this CD is a fantastic look at Van Halen's best bits, focusing mainly on the 5150, OU812, and For Unlawful... albums. I was hoping it might be an opportunity to hear a great singer (Sammy Hagar) power through some of the band's classic stuff, but only &quot;Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love&quot;, &quot;You Really Got Me&quot; and &quot;Jump&quot; grace us with their presence from those groundbreaking first albums (ground breaking, but impossible to listen to due to utterly dire production and not exactly sparkling vocal performances from Roth). <br />I love double live albums, because you get a combination of some of the raw energy of a live show with (in this case anyway) excellent sound quality of a studio release. Also, a single CD greatest htis never really covers all the good tracks, but with careful thought, a double album can give a good overview of all a band's best bits.<br />And they're all here. If you're a fan of Van Halen's stuff with Hagar, your ship has come in. All the best stuff is here, sounding, in many cases, better than the album versions. Great stuff.
B000006TRV|5.0|this album is one of the most amazing albums i've ever experienced, and it is a experience. Being semi-autobiographical in content this albums shows how imaginative Roger Waters was in dealing with his father's death.  I would not say this is a upbeat album but none the less it is moving and how much of today's music can we say this about. I would recommend also getting the movie of the same name because there are tracks on the album that are not in the movie and vice versa. I am a big fan of lyrical content and this album has that and more. So light a candle, dim the lights, and sit back and enjoy.
0780631684|4.0|While most will complain about the teenage mentality behind the plot of the movie &quot;Final Destination,&quot; I find it very refreshing that the movie has an entirely new story that has never been used before, and it is executed well. Sure, the characters in the movie may all be teenagers, but at least the ones in this movie are smart enough to figure out what is happening to them and not running around screaming to give themselves away to a killer. <br />Not many movies actually have Death as a character in them. People die, but you never think about Death being the one who is doing the killing. It's always a slasher/stalker, or some deranged psycho who feels he is owed something from the person he intends to kill. That is what makes this movie very inventive and unique, and watchable. <br />Alex Browning and all of his senior class are going to Paris, and all is good. But once on the plane, Alex has a dream about the plane taking off and exploding in flight, killing everyone on board. He wakes up and begins thrashing and screaming that they are all going to die, which begins a fight that takes six people off the flight, five students and a teacher. As they continue arguing in the terminal, they become witness to the horrific explosion of the plane just seconds after it lifts off. Alex is terrified, while the others don't know what to make of the entire situation. Once out of the airport, they are questioned by police as to the nature of the incidents before the disaster, and the detectives begin to suspect Alex of foul play. Soon after, one by one the people who departed from the plane are being killed in mysterious ways, and when it looks like Alex is going to be charged for murder, he runs into hiding and tries to figure out a way to cheat the plan that Death has for them. <br />The movie does have a credible amount of suspense, but ultimately will fall short in the end. One must question why so many horror/thriller movies have bad endings; it seems to be that way with a lot of movies these days. I personally don't know why they did not just leave the ending out completely and leave it at the part where they finally cheat the pattern. It would make a lot more sense. Nonetheless, the movie does deliver on the basis of original plot, acting and intensity, which is pleasant enough. <br />Actors have been selected very nicely, and it's more than refreshing not to have to see teen horror moguls Sarah Michelle Gellar or Neve Campbell pop up here. Instead, the casting director chose to use somewhat new talents like Devon Sawa, Kerr Smith and Ali Larter, who is always a joy to watch onscreen. This method of casting gives the film a much needed breath of fresh air. <br />Despite its flaws, &quot;Final Destination&quot; is a terrific and intense suspense thriller that delivers a unique story and a finely tuned execution of it.
B000050FEN|4.0|On disc 1, the film looks and sounds GREAT!  And with 4 different running commentaries, you'll invest 8+ hours to hear it all. I'll skip the film review and synopsis - if you're reading this you have most likely already seen the film, right? Disc 2 contains only one deleted scene, but does include the &quot;extended&quot; version of some scenes - optional commentary gives you insight as to why cuts were made. Only moderately interesting.  Lots of disc space is dedicated to crime scene photos created as props, but again not terribly gripping, at least not compared to what numerous other Special Edition DVD's have to offer.  After all the goodies we've seen added to DVD's of &quot;The Abyss&quot;, &quot;Terminator 2: Judgement Day&quot;, and New Line's own &quot;Magnolia&quot;, &quot;Austin Powers&quot; movies, and &quot;The Sweet Hereafter&quot;, DVD buyers are used to getting more behind-the-scenes documentaries, out-takes, marketing campaigns, etc.  Or maybe that's just what I was personally hoping for with this disc set. Granted, the 4 commentaries are great and insightful.  But I usually expect New Line Special Editions to go the extra mile with (as in this case) second disc supplemental materials.  I don't think they did in this case.  So, it begs the question -- rent it or buy it? Well, if you rent it, bear in mind that with the movie itself and 4 commentary tracks you'll need to watch it 5 times total to get all you can off disc 1.  So if it is a &quot;One Day&quot; New Release rental at your video store you'll be in for a long night.  But if you are a DVD collector, it's a no-brainer -- shell out the bucks, dude.  But modify your expecations.
B00003CX95|5.0|this is a cinematic masterpiece from beginning to end, except for one part...did you guys catch the camera in the background when the sofia marceau's character visits braveheart in the prison? what's up with that? where were the editors in that? <br />the cinematography in this film was excellent though, as was the music, and the acting. the thunderous rush of the horse attack was spectacular, but the man to man combat did seem too much, the short takes on each english soldier getting his head chopped off, or run through with the sword, or bashed with the hammer. that didn't flow to well. but the message of the film is well placed.
B000050XEI|3.0|As a huge Enya fan, I am disapointed.  The 34 minutes of music was much shorter than the other albums.  (When the CD stopped, I actually thought there was something wrong with my player.) And the music that was on the CD all sounded the same.  THere was no new sound, no new inovation, and each song sounded just like the previous.<br />If you are a new Enya listener, start with Paint the Stars, her &quot;Best of&quot; album.  And if she does a second &quot;Best of&quot; none of these songs will on it.
0440219078|4.0|I read the book The Giver by Lois Lowry. Jonas is an 11 year old boy in the near future. He lives with his family in his dwelling.  Everything is perfect in his community. Everyone is assigned a role to help the community, and no one is left out. Every year there is a ceromony in which each child turns a year older.  Jonas  attends the ceromony expecting to be given a job. But his whole world turns upside down when he is skipped in the ceromony and given an experience he will never forget.  I liked this book very, much even though some parts are confusing. You really have to use your mind to figure out what is going on. It is a good book and i recommend it to every one!
B00003CX8J|4.0|Longtime fans of the Marvel comic series will find Twentieth Century Fox's adaptation of &quot;X-Men&quot; to be quite enjoyable and authentic. I was quite enlightened to see how well it mirrors the characters from the age old comic, as well as the glorious array of special effects, set designs and acting talents that all make the movie more intense and surprising. <br />In a world where differences are frowned upon, evolution begins its course in the creation of mutants, who possess certain physical and emotional powers beyond that of regular humans. Heading a school for the specially gifted citizens is Professor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart), who himself possesses the power to read peoples' minds. Among his many students are Cyclops (James Marsden), whose eye beams can cause massive destruction, Storm (Halle Berry), who calls upon the natural forces of weather, Jean Grey (Famke Janssen), who can look into people's minds and uses telekinesis, and newcomers Wolverine (Hugh Jackman), whose powerful fighting ability is due in part to his razorbalde knuckles, and Rogue (Anna Paquin), who can steal the power of another mutant simply by her touch. Xavier soon learns that his nemesis, Magneto (Ian McKellan), is planning on using a special machine to convert human beings into mutants, and that he needs Rogue in order to make the machine work to its fullest. This sets in motion the intense action that held childrens' imaginations for so many years as the group of mutants band together to stop the enemy from overpowering the world. <br />Being a long ago fan of the comic and all the little perks that went with it, I can say that the film is a faithful and magnificent adaptation. Each of the mutant's powers is recreated with terrific authenticity, and it is very exciting to see it for the first time on the big screen in the age of blockbuster special effects. Cameraman Newton Thomas Sigel and special effects supervisor Michael Fink work together wonderfully in bringing things to life the would have proved impossible years ago, and each effect is perfectly seamless. <br />The acting ability employed for this movie could not have been any better; each actor is perfectly suited to play their character, and each one does masterfully. Patrick Stewart makes for a great Xavier, and this role seems right in line for the longtime Captain of the Enterprize from Star Trek. __ plays Wolverine brilliantly, Janssen is a terrific Jean Grey, Berry does a great job as Storm, and Marsden and Paquin are very credible as Cyclops and Rogue. Each actor looks like the original character, too, which adds a great deal to the momentum of the movie as a whole. <br />A rousing good time at the movies for people of all ages and fans of the comic series, &quot;X-Men&quot; will have you cheering for the good guys and wanting more when the ending comes.
B000001XO3|5.0|I totally agree with other reviews and this one can be considered as a reference. Solti's recording is totally unnatural, while Karajan's obviously lacks some large voices; Bhm is acceptable but the sound quality doesn't convey the emotions as it should and many singers sound very tired compared to the fifties'. People who absolutely need a DDD recording will need to choose... Janowski with a superb recording and characterful singers only marred by the weak Brnnhilde from Altmeyer. Back to Krauss' set: first of all, the mono sound is superb, not totally atmospheric (like the Knappertbusch's melodrams) but with a real sense of theatre and very natural indeed; one immediately forgets some intrusion noises and the fact that it dates from 1953. Krauss' direction is superb and supports the singers wonderfully. Only the beginning of the Gtterdmmerung lacks something in emotion. Varnay's is the best Brnnhilde ever recorded (though she never was commercially). The voice is full up and down of the scale, far better than Nilsson's particularly in die Walkre and Gtterdmmerung. Windgassen's Siegfried is young and passionated (far superior to Bhm's performance) while Hotter IS Wotan, Neidlinger IS Alberich, Kuen IS Mime and Greindl IS Hunding, Fafner and Hagen!! A lot of &quot;IS&quot; but you won't accept any other singers in one of those roles after having heard those! Even Vinay as Siegmund is a reference and Resnik is the fire as Sieglinde (that I would place second after Rysanek only). Consider smaller roles very well undertaken by singers such as Streich, Malaniuk, Uhde etc. and you will recognize that this recording is the one to purchase first and definetely.
B00003W8NM|5.0|this is a disturbing movie, not for the weak-hearted, but one that will make you think about and question your place in society. it will question whether you can really escape that, create another kind of society that will actually work, which it doesn't--fascism is unstable. and it takes this premise at the individual level. the stability of the soul. it's torn apart--literally--in the society we live in, but can anything else really be better?
B000000OSG|2.0|If you're looking to buy this album...do so...for one reason: the song 14 years.  I would put it in my top 5 songs of all time.
B00003CXFG|4.0|&quot;Alien&quot; comparisons are inevitable, but this movie still stands alone in its own way. Gorgeous cinematography, freaky landscapes, decent special effects and a very diverse group of characters  make this quite an exciting movie to sit through.  I'm not a sci-fi fan, nor a horror fan, but the two elements come together quite nicely here.  Only downside is all the tension between the characters...after awhile, you're wishing they could &quot;all just get along&quot;.  This is the only cliched part of an otherwise satisfying film.
0780628551|3.0|What was potentially supposed to be a good movie, as boasted by its promotional ads, is somewhat ruined by something (I say this because I can't quite pinpoint exactly what it is). But that doesn't mean the movie is a complete waste; it does contain a reasonably high level of suspense, and is visually interesting at times. The cast works to the best of their ability to make the characters authentic and believable, and director Rand Ravich creates a moody yet ultimately lackluster atmosphere of thrills with one or two chills tossed in for good measure. <br />Spencer Armacost and his wife, Jillian, live a happy life in Florida, where Spencer is an astronaut for NASA and Jillian is a second grade teacher. The film's opening scene lets us know they are married, showing the couple laying in bed, watching an old movie, Jillian lamenting how she will miss him when he goes up to space the following day to repair a crippled satellite. The launch goes well, and Spencer even finds time to call Jillian from space. Things get tense when Jillian sees a news report about an explosion in space involving Spencer and his partner, Alex Streck, and she is soon rushed to the base by NASA official Sherman Reese. Upon landing, the astronauts are rushed to the hospital ward and are soon released with clean bills of health. Following an awards ceremony to recognize the heroes, Spencer tells Jillian that he wants to quit flying and move to New York to work as an executive for an aerodynamics firm. Jillian agrees, though finding it quite strange. <br />At their going away party, Spencer's partner dies of multiple strokes, and at the funeral, his wife kills herself, supposedly over losing him. But there is more to that part of the story which comes in later in the plot. After the move to New York, Spencer becomes more mysterious in his mannerisms and behavior, and when Jillian soon discovers that she is pregnant with his twins, she feels that something is terribly wrong with the lives growinginside her, as well as with her husband. <br />With so much going on in the movie, you would think the story was solid gold. The truth is, the film is a good example of ingenuity, but there is still something missing, which keeps it from being a total winner. Perhaps it's the few yet ever-present points at which the movie moves slowly without much going on. Or it may be the ending, which will come as a letdown after all of the suspense and intensity that the movie puts forth for the first and second parts. One of these elements, or both, depending on your opinion, keep this film from being a three or four star film. <br />However, this suspense-laden story does manage to make your heart beat at certain times. Throughout the entire movie, there is an underlying of uneasiness through the music, which is constantly playing at points where the intensity is high. Jillian's visions of her children and flashbacks of events in her mind are quite interesting to look at. When things begin to go wrong after the mission ends, the story picks up the pace a bit with the move to New York, and it really never stops moving, not even in the anticlimactic ending. <br />The acting talents employed here are put to good use, though tend to sound a bit forced in the beginning. Johnny Depp, who does not have as much on-camera time as his co-star, does a good job of portraying the sinister Spencer, but it is clear that this movie is Theron's. Charlize Theron does a spectacular job of portraying Jillian, though it must be said that her performance in the beginning is less superior to her acting ability displayed in the end of the movie. <br />Overall, the film is not a total flop; it does have its defining moments, and proves that it can bring an acceptable amount of suspense to the screen. However, the movie does have its flaws, and should not be watched without realizing that there is the possibility of a letdown.
0440539811|5.0|This is the coolest book I have ever read!<br />It's totally undescribable, doesn't really have a plot, and may take a while to get into. However, if you're not an arch-conservative and are reasonably well read, this book is the stuff! While reading it, it sounds like a interesting bunch of crap, which it sort of is.  But it grows on you; it sort of changed my political and religious beliefs. Just sit back and enjoy the ride, and don't take it at face value.
B00003CWL6|5.0|1999 was a great year, if not the best year in movies ever, and american beauty earning the oscar for best picture is debatable by many. all i gotta say about that is it deserved it far more than cider house rules...i don't know how that movie even got nominated, but that's a different story.  1999 had a whole bunch of great movies, but probably none better than american beauty. some have argued that it really doesn't show a mid-life crisis well, but the thing about it is, it's not meant to show a mid-life crisis well; it's trying to show the vanity in materialism, in living a world because we are taught to live in the world a certain way, which causes us to miss the beauty around us. can we truly stop and smell the roses? this movie is great for this point, enjoy the beauty around you. God made us a world to enjoy, let's not just fly by without taking a peek, and let's not ruin it by vainly scratching for the best 4000 dollar couch.
0684853523|5.0|I have never cried reading a Stephen King book until now.  This memoir has inspired me to write more than Ralph Waldo Emerson's &quot;The Poet&quot; ever had.  What we have in this book is a short, concise account of what a master of the craft of writing goes through when perfecting his/her skills.  This is not intended to be a &quot;how-to&quot; guide along the lines of Zinsser and Strunk.  I believe that what King is telling a budding writer is that you have the ability in you, just write.  The reason so much of it is obvious is because so much of writing is obvious.  I, for one, get annoyed when someone tries to write a book telling me how to write.  Who is to say they know how to write?  Writing comes from within and the best writing is that which flows freely.  Look at the writings of Frederick Douglass and other similar slave narratives.  These people barely knew the language, but their writing is some of the most beautiful you will ever read.  Anyone who wants to be told how to write can buy Zinsser or Strunk, but if you want to be truly INSPIRED to write I suggest giving this book a read.  King has once again proven his genius.
B00003CXFG|4.0|&quot;Alien&quot; comparisons are inevitable, but this movie still stands alone in its own way. Gorgeous cinematography, freaky landscapes, decent special effects and a very diverse group of characters  make this quite an exciting movie to sit through.  I'm not a sci-fi fan, nor a horror fan, but the two elements come together quite nicely here.  Only downside is all the tension between the characters...after awhile, you're wishing they could &quot;all just get along&quot;.  This is the only cliched part of an otherwise satisfying film.
0800177177|5.0|It is difficult these days to sit down and watch an adaptation of a classic novel and not be able to pick it apart and criticize it for not following the book. With &quot;Bram Stoker's Dracula,&quot; you don't have to; there is no need to. The story, as well as the set and costume design, are so reflective of the actual novel and its characteristics that one cannot merely look on the surface and analyze it to bits. And with a movie as moving and opulent as this, you wouldn't even want to try. <br />The source for the story comes from the original novel by Bram Stoker. Intense and truly frightening, it tells the story of a Romanian knight named Dracula, who leaves his true love Elisabeta to fight a war to save his country. His enemies send false news of his death to Elisabeta, and she kills herself. He flies into a rage upon his return when he learns that she cannot be saved because of her suicide, and vows to avenge her death when his own comes. The story moves ahead four centuries later, and Jonathan Harker is sent to Transylvania to sell a piece of land to a man by the name of Count Dracula. Upon his arrival, many strange things happen, but nothing stranger than the Count's reaction to a photograph of Jonathan's betrothed, Mina. Dracula immediately makes plans to keep Jonathan trapped in his castle while he ventures to England to woo and win over the sumptuous Mina, who bears a painful resemblance to his past beloved. As he works his way into Mina's heart, a professor by the name of von Helsing begins investigating strange occurrences in town, leading him to a confrontation with the vampire. This begins a frightful race against time to save Mina from the spell of the vampire and Jonathan from his clutches, and to ensure that all are safe again from the curse of Dracula. <br />There is little to be said about the film in terms of negative criticism. It is, by far, one of the most gothic and illustrious pieces of filmmaking I've ever seen, not to mention one of themost frightening. The colors of each and every costume and setpiece are so vivid and bursting that it seems to be the stuff that only dreams are made of. Indeed, these articles all fit the London setting quite well, and work in making this the best adaptation of the Dracula legend to date. Lighting and mysterious camera angles also set up the creepy and very frightening scenes in which Dracula takes on inhuman forms in order to escape his adversaries. The script sticks to the original plot of the novel very well, to the point that even most of the dialogue is exactly from Stoker's pen. <br />Actors are all well-suited for this film, and even Keanu Reeves does a good job here. Gary Oldman was the ideal choice for the infamous Count Dracula, and his performance is so good that it makes the movie. Just try to imagine someone else playing the role... it's impossible to do. His charm, his demeanor, and his handsome good looks make his the perfect choice for the role, and he seems to know this as he plays out the part to perfection. Winona Ryder is a beautiful Mina, and her petite grace and sense of sentiment fit the role perfectly. Anthony Hopkins is, as always, a well placed actor is a fitting role, and he is able to exercise his ability to analyze and interpret throughout his onscreen appearances. And, for those of you who hate him, Keanu Reeves does a good job, too. He knows what he is doing, and for once, his dialogue sounds natural instead of strained. <br />Director Francis Ford Coppola has created a beautiful and articulate masterpiece which will haunt the memories of those young and old for many years to come. Once you have seen it, you will not be able to forget it. It's like that song you just can't get out of your head, only with this film, you won't want to try.
B000007MVM|5.0|For anyone out there thats an early flyod fan this is a must, you should be ashamed if you dont already have it. On this album you will hear a musical (and creative) genius trying to strip himself of all these worldy weights that hold everyone back. musically he's not trying to create a great record, he's not trying to create a record that will sell millions, he simply went into that studio to create! on hearing it for the first time you will be taken aback by his fragility, you will be scared by his tenative hold on paranoia, but you will be blown away by his timeless ability to touch some part of your existance, be it a memory from years ago, a current feeling, anger?. This is my most favorite cd of all time. I consider it pure music because ...(hey, listen to it yourself and draw your on conclusions!) Especially &quot;she took a long cold look at me&quot; take 4.! Let the prince of middle earth live forever.
B00003CXDG|2.0|i am disappointed in paramount for allowing the MI series to go in this direction, the James Bond direction. are they just trying to woo (no pun intended) the james bond crowd? <br />they have taken the central idea in MI and made it into a one man show. the original series was a TEAM effort, and the first movie still had a team effort, even though the team was decimated at the beginning. also, the tv show tested your brain capacity somewhat, which the first MI succeeded very well--how many had to see it three times in order to get what the hell just happened--but this one was so straight forward, it was boring.<br />simply put, it was boring. don't buy it.
6305971153|2.0|An enthusiastic, colorful project about how the \\"real\\" Santa came to be, and the ruthless businessman who wants to take over his trade, \\"Santa Claus the Movie,\\" directed by Jeannot Szwarc, stars Dudley Moore, David Huddleston and John Lithgow.  It's a  movie with an interesting concept and a touch of magic to it, but comes across as something of a contradiction in terms of what specific audience it's trying to reach.  Szwarc serves it up as if it were fare for the younger set exclusively, yet the story beneath all the fluff, color and dazzle is geared more toward the adult mind set, with a plot (especially the way it's delivered) that could possibly be a trifle confusing and beyond the grasp of the very young.  It makes a vivid visual statement (especially the first glimpse of what becomes Santa's workshop), but the overall \\"look\\" of the film is rather cheesy, and the F/X are reminiscent of something out of the `50's T.V. series \\"Flash Gordon;\\" somewhat below the level you would expect, even from a movie made in 1985.  Lithgow plays \\"B.Z.,\\" the toy manufacturer with more than a touch of the \\"Grinch\\" in him, who wants to cut in on Santa's action and take over Christmas.  He approaches the character with zeal-- to say the least-- taking it over the top into what amounts to a combination of his \\"Dr. Lizardo\\" from \\"Buckaroo Banzai,\\" and \\"Dick\\" from T.V.'s \\"3rd Rock From The Sun;\\" a caricature that comes off too sleazy to be much fun.  Dudley Moore is \\"Patch,\\" one of the cleverest of the Elves, who outdoes himself vying for Santa's attention.  He's colorful (just about everyone in this movie is), but Moore makes him so pretentiously droll that it's hard to like him very much.  It's a character that would fare better on \\"Sesame Street,\\" or alongside \\"Barney,\\" rather than in a major motion picture.  Of all the actors involved in this film, David Huddleston (Santa), manages to turn in the most notable performance.  His looks and voice are well suited to the role of Santa Claus, though the grayness of his beard and hair are questionable (perhaps the \\"white\\" comes with age; this is Santa at the beginning of his career, after all).  And Judy Cornwell (Mrs. \\"Anya\\" Claus) also does extremely well with her character; this is the Mrs. Claus I believe most people envision.    The supporting cast includes Jeffrey Kramer (Towzer), Christian Fitzpatrick (Joe), Carrie Kei Heim (Cornelia) and Burgess Meredith in a cameo as the \\"Ancient Elf.\\"  Szwarc tries hard, but never seems to be able to make that necessary emotional connection with the audience that would've made \\"Santa Claus the Movie\\" at least more watchable.  As it is, it's a fairly tedious journey on a road that, for the most part, goes nowhere.  It has all the elements you'd expect in a movie about Santa Claus, but though the attempt was valiant, the filmmakers in this case just spent too much time trying to put square pegs in round holes.
B00000J2KX|4.0|The movie is perfect, the documentarie in fine, the trailer is really spooky, but the film is not in widescreen format.  Warner Brothers should consider improuving their marketing trategies... This superb masterpiece should have a plastic case and all the options
6305897786|3.0|There seems to be an over-abundance of movies that start out good and end up disappointing at the finale. This technique of labeling movies has become mainstream nowadays, as is with films like &quot;The Astronaut's Wife&quot; and &quot;Hackers.&quot; Roman Polanski's latest thriller, &quot;The Ninth Gate,&quot; is a prime example of this, and despite a talented cast and gorgeous settings, it takes too long to deliver a less-than-satisfying ending that leaves viewers with more questions than answers. This is a shame, however, because up until the end, the plot builds up an intense amount of suspense that ultimately fizzles out. <br />The movie opens with a man by the name of Andrew Telfer killing himself in his rather elaborate library of antique texts, and a single book is missing from the shelves. Enter Boris Balkan (Frank Langella), who purchased the missing volume from Telfer and has hired Dean Corso (Johnny Depp) to compare it to others out there in order to be assured of its authenticity. Corso is told that the book is believed to be written by Satan himself, and that there are two copies in different places in Europe. Corso sets out to find them, first stopping by the Telfer estate to question Liana Telfer (Lena Olin) about the circumstances surrounding her husband's death. This leads to attempts by Telfer to retreive the book from Corso, and he flees with the book to Portugal, and then France, in search of the other two books. When he does get his hands on them, he learns that each one is different, but that they each hold a special part of the overall key to hell. <br />Accompany to the plot the menacing Liana Telfer, who is constantly following him, and a mysterious woman who appears out of nowhere at random points to help out Corso. All of this makes for two hours of splendid visuals, and a sense that there is always something spooky going on, even when there should not be. Unlike &quot;End of Days,&quot; this Satanic spoof does not rely on gore and blatant special effects to tell its story. Instead, it uses the viewer's uneasiness to make them feel right at home. <br />However, some might suggest that the film is a bit too long to be enjoyable. I myself found it to be a bit tedious in certain places, but when you think you're about to drop off into a slumber, something will happen to keep you in the story once again. It is the ending, and what comes to pass to Corso because of his work, that will come as a shocking letdown. It will leave you with more questions than answers. <br />Acting talent is terrific. Depp seems perfectly cast as the sleepy Dean Corso, always on his feet without a break. Frank Langella is a good Boris Balkan, the man who becomes so insatiably obsessed with Satanic ritual. Olin gives a good performance as Telfer, who keeps Corso on his feet while she attempts to recover the book. And the guardian &quot;angel&quot; is played with mystery and sinister integrity by Emmanuelle Seigner. <br />Roman Polanski has done a fine job of bringing this very macabre picture of the doorway to hell to the screen, but trust me on this: you'll find yourself wanting to close it.
B00003CXA6|4.0|i thought this was well done...but the only reason i give it 4 stars is that i saw it only once, back in 1994, and i saw it after i saw Glory, which i guess was a bad mistake because that ending in Glory was so powerful that the whole time i was watching Gettysburg, i was bored, except the attack on little round top. it was well done though.
B000002UAX|3.0|If you check out a sampling of reviews of this album you see that any review that dares to suggest this is not a complete masterpiece and perhaps the best album of the 60s gets lots of negative votes. So much for respecting dissenting opinions!<BR>I was 'there' when this album was first released - I believe almost to the day another band named the Rolling Stones released an album called Beggars Banquet, which cut this one to pieces then and now, when judged in its entirety. Let's get rational about this stuff; some of it is quite catchy and memorable; some of it is unlistentable (do people wake up thinking \\"I have to hear 'why don't we do it in the road' before I have breakfast\\"? That is why it is completely ridiculous to call this a masterpiece; a masterpiece should be of consistently superior quality, with NO clinkers. This is more of an up and down affair, with lots of both. If you want a Beatles masterpiece there are several, starting with Sgt. Pepper. This album had its rabid fans back when it came out, and, judging by the reviews here, some of them never gained their critical faculties. They continue to rationize the mediocre and outright garbage third (or so) of this record that should never have been released, except on Anthology 4. While it surely reflects a band trying to \\"expand their range\\" by experimenting with all different kinds of styles, it also was a harbringer of the coming bloat of double albums by other sixties/early seventies commercially successful bands, released with the idea that \\"if we create it, it must be good\\" (and, they will buy it). I don't expect many (any) complimentary comments on this review from the Beatles fanatics, who seriously call this their best album, when it is not even close, but for you younger folks who have not been immersed in this stuff for thirty years, believe me, there are wheel barrows of 60s albums that should go to the desert island with you before this one. If you must take a Beatles album with you, I'd suggest Sgt. Pepper's.
B00000163G|5.0|Once again, Tupac has managed to produce one of the most record breaking, stunning, and earthshattering records with other artists on the album from Snoop Dogg to George Clinton. This album is one of the best rap albums ever produced. This album is more then just of a bunch of offensive lyrics, this album brings attention to America of some of the most important things that the blind president can't see yet. Tupac does this, and still manages to keep it real, and still pack in some real thug passion and pimpin.<br />This album has some of the best beats I've seen yet, plus with great lyrics to back it up, and, it's Tupac! Every time I pick up my CD Player, sit back and listen to my stereo, or take a ride in my car packed with those huge speakers, All Eyez On Me is the first album I put in there, always. 27 tracks full of Tupac telling it how it really is, this is one of those CD's that you can listen to all the way through, never have to change the track, all of the tracks are good.<br />On the first disc, the first thing you get is Ambitions As A Ridah, which has really good lyrics, a cool beat, a cool chorus, and a real cool song.  Then it goes to the second disc all the way to Heaven Ain't Hard 2 find, a great song about Heaven, but it still keeps it playa wise. <br />GET THIS CD MAN! If you don't get any other Tupac CD's besides this one, at least get this. This, Greatest Hits, and Still I rise are the ones you would want if you like All Eyez on Me. <br />Peace, and R.I.P. Tupac!
006016848X|1.0|If your lover insists you read this, run as fast as you can the other way!!  If you really do not know these basic ways to keep in touch with your mate, or need tips on how to talk and listen you should not be in a relationship.  Do adults today really need this information?  What do people who need this book do in any personal relationships?  Do they interact with any other people at work, the store, or anywhere?  If there was anything in this book that was a surprize for anyone over 15 I'd be shocked.  If your relationship needs this books help you are in way bigger trouble than this book can bail you out of.
B00003IPFK|5.0|I was indifferent when my mother first suggested watching a videotaped miniseries a friend had loaned her. All I knew of Larry McMurtry was that he'd written &quot;Terms of Endearment,&quot; and that didn't exactly entice me. Besides, I hadn't seen a good Western in years (this was before Clint Eastwood's &quot;Unforgiven,&quot; of course) and thought of them as a played-out genre, only watched by old men who had no interest in contemporary fiction.<br />How wrong I was. &quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; is an astonishing miniseries about heroism, friendship, dreams, men, women and everything in between. This extraordinary series drove me to the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, which I've read repeatedly (no mean feat, since it's a hefty book). The characters are as real to me as any I've ever encountered in fiction, and even now, years after first meeting them on that tape, they can make me laugh and bring me to tears, every time.<br />Because even though McMurtry and the miniseries do a good job of conveying the amazing sweep of the West, and the action is shocking and brutal, it's the characters that make this work. Robert Duvall has said that Augustus McCrae is his favorite role of all time, and it's easy to see why: Gus and Call embody the two extremes of fictional heroes -- the rogue and the straight arrow -- but McMurtry, Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones bring them to life as fully fleshed-out men, with internal contradictions, fatal flaws while still being extremely admirable and charismatic heroes.<br />Many people have praised McMurtry's women, and I'll echo that sentiment. Diane Lane and Angelica Houston in particular shine in their roles, which may not be starring ones, but are substantial and meaty, loving without being unrealistic. Their characters are plot engines but, as with Call and Gus, they're fully realized people.<br />&quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; stands the test of time as one of the greatest TV miniseries ever and, more importantly, a wonderful American saga. Buy this DVD and watch it again and again, then dive into McMurtry's four &quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; novels.y this DVD and watch it again and again, then dive into McMurtry's four &quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; novels.
0345363132|5.0|I've just finished my second reading of this excellent book and really cannot praise it enough.  All the characters are so real that I literally feel transported to the situations.  I only have one complaint though: Penman has destroyed my interest in reading other writers- I find myself measuring them up with Penman's books (and found wanting!) *slight spoiler* The first part of the book was exciting and interesting, but I think the pace really picks up after Edward (Ned) dies...I practically read the last few hundred pages unstop, feeling for Richard as one disaster after another hit his life.  Highly recommended indeed, although be warned that the ending is incredibly tragic indeed
B00003CXBK|5.0|&quot;Princess Mononoke&quot; is the most magical animated film I've ever seen.  In fact, it's one of the best films I've ever seen, period.  Combined with an epic fantasy story, graceful and beautiful animation, enchanting music, and amazing action, &quot;Princess Mononoke&quot; is &quot;perfect&quot;.  I loved, loved, loved it!  <br />The DVD is a must-buy!  It doesn't contain many extra features, but does that matter?  Once you hear Mononoke in Dolby Digital and see it in anamorphic widescreen, you will realize it's well worth the money.  Nobody who considers themself a movie-lover should be without &quot;Princess Mononoke&quot;.
006016848X|1.0|If your lover insists you read this, run as fast as you can the other way!!  If you really do not know these basic ways to keep in touch with your mate, or need tips on how to talk and listen you should not be in a relationship.  Do adults today really need this information?  What do people who need this book do in any personal relationships?  Do they interact with any other people at work, the store, or anywhere?  If there was anything in this book that was a surprize for anyone over 15 I'd be shocked.  If your relationship needs this books help you are in way bigger trouble than this book can bail you out of.
B000051VWW|5.0|I love this album more with every play. I can't understand why others are saying its formulaic and old; it's not. For one thing, it is more acoustic (kind of like Sade unplugged), and for another, it has a slight reggae-ish edge about it, which must reflect the fact that she lives in Jamaica now. Her voice is still lovely, and the band is as tight as ever. No, this album ain't hip for sure. But it's timeless, like all the best music.
0375501851|1.0|Don't believe the hype!  This tripe may have appeased the politically correct crowd, but My God, give me a break.  Unfunny, preposterous drivel.  Obviously, Ms. Smith must have a very good friend or family member in publishing.  Just abysmal.  Save your money.
6305807086|4.0|I love weird movies.  But I was never ready for this one!<br />What a strange, inventive, strange, original, strange, humorous, strange, and wonderful film!<br />You will LOVE &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; UNLESS: you don't like strange films.<br />It somewhat overwhelmed me because it was so weird.  After seeing it, I too felt like I went through a portal.  But that &quot;weird&quot; feeling I got after seeing it isn't a bad thing-- not many films can make you feel like a completely different person right after seeing it.<br />The DVD is weird.  I wish they had a REAL interview with Spike Jonze, and a commentary track or featurette would be nice.  But there are enough bizarre things on it to entertain you for awhile.  One thing I must mention is this movie had terrible commercials... go check them out, and you can see why many people weren't interested in seeing the film.<br />A strange landmark film that should be owned by anyone who enjoys bizarre movies.
B0000524E5|5.0|This ranks up there with &quot;Animal House&quot; and &quot;Caddyshack&quot; as a good-time, feel-good movie.  It leaves you chuckling, and feeling entertained.  Unlike many of the DVD's my husband and I collect, this one will actually be watched - MANY TIMES.  As an actress, LeeAnn Rimes should not consider quitting her day job, but we're not talking Oscars here, we're talking FUN.  And this movie is unquestionably FUN.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This album is just good. It couldn't get any better than it is now. I'm not going to rate each song on here because they all rock! There is not one song I don't like on this album. Limp Bizkit seems to have alot of talent. They show it alot in this album. Even better, they show it even more in &quot;Choclate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water.&quot; $3 Bill Y'all was excellent! I didn't know that someone could do as a good kob as they did on their debut. My absoulte favorite song on here is &quot;9 teen 90 nine.&quot; They did some nice bass in that song! Also, some good drumming. Now I went to Limp Bizkit's CSATHFW [&quot;Choclate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water&quot;] and saw that it had only three stars. If you're a true Limp Bizkit fan then you will like CSATHFW. You have to. There's no way you can't if you're a fan. I have no clue why that was rated five stars. Well anyway, all of Limp Bizkit's albums have shown that he can progress better in time. Like his first one was great! This one is AWESOME! And CSATHFW, Man I can't say how much I LOVE that album! You will enjoy this album if you're a Limp bizkit fan. But if you've heard $3 Bill Y'all and you think this album is like that one, This album is totaly diverse! And I mean DIVERSE [which means different]. Overall, A really good buy and worht your money AND time!
B000003TA4|5.0|It sickens me when I hear people saying Nirvana was good only because &quot;they were the first to do it&quot; or &quot;it was good during that time&quot; blah blah blah. Before I was a fan of Nirvana, I listened to Korn, Rage, detones, marilyn manson etc. I decided, after years of writing Nirvana off I would actually listen to them. As of now I consider Nirvana's albums &quot;Nevermind&quot; and &quot;In Utero&quot; two of my all time favorites. I loved the way they played their instruments and the honesty and emotion Kurt put into his songs. This band was far superior to some of todays bands-Limp Bizkit (who by the way suck), papa roach and even korn. Just because you're 'skilled' at playing your instruments doesn't make you a great band. Nirvana will always sound fresh to me, and certainly  I think they're one of the greatest bands of all time-besides the beatles and the doors. Bands today are too caught up in their image, not treating music as a medium of true expression and intelligence. Nirvana will be a classic whether you like it or not.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I just can't believe the tremendous success this cd is having. When I first heard about this release I thought it would have a minor impact,especially since there was no remixing like there was in last year's Yellow Submarine soundtrack.Considering that all these songs have been available on previous greatest hit packages for years and have been copied,downloaded, etc.it's a wonder that it has sold nearly fifteen million worldwide.This compilation is by no means definitive but works as an excellent introduction to the catalog and as a joyful listening experience for old heads like myself.I guess marketing and that ole Beatles magic can never be discounted.
0780631684|1.0|This movie is by far and away the most horrific piece of garbage I have ever had the misfortune of being subjected to.  I was forced to watch this turd on a bus trip where I was unable to avoid watching it.  If an entire busload of complete strangers unanimously agree that this was a terrible movie, I can not possibly see how this movie ever made a buck.  It has been said that this movie was an attempt at humor.  If people actually find this humorous, then god help us all.  Friends don't let friends see this movie.
0800177177|2.0|This is the worst dracula movie ever.  There is nothing like the classic Dracula movies. I almsot stopped the movie before it ended. The potential was there but quickly turns sour.  Bad movie.
0780631684|5.0|I would like to express my deepest amazements at this movie and the quality of the acting, screenplay and the conceps are just WICKED! It is up next to the matrix and armaggedon in my rating! these movies are my three faves and I just wanted to say how great Devon Sawa was, (cute or what!)  And Kerr Smith is just an amazing actor. Dawsons creek was great and he plays so well as Jack in it! Great movie! hope theres a second one!<br />TRINITY ANDERSON.
B000002HPV|5.0|The most haunting ballad I've heard in a long time - &quot;Joga&quot; completely blows me away each time I hear it. Lush and mournful orchestration interspersed with deadly trip hop beats - as an instrumental alone it would be amazing, but with Bjork's vocals crying about &quot;emotional landscapes&quot; and &quot;this state of emergency&quot; this is a masterpiece! <br />Oops, I'm sorry, I'm supposed to review the whole album and not just one song, aren't I? Well I really like the first half of the album: &quot;Hunter&quot;, &quot;Unravel&quot;, &quot;Bachelorette&quot; and &quot;All Neon Like&quot; are the ones i listen to a lot  - the rest may or may not grow on me. But because of &quot;Joga&quot; I'd go to a Bjork gig anytime, anywhere just for the chance to hear it live!
B000000Y2R|5.0|By 1953, when this was recorded, Dizzy Gillespie had been the subject of a story in LIFE Magazine. Bird had not. Dizzy was touring and making a good buck. Bird was not. So when the Toronto Jazz Society asked the two of them to play together for a special one-night gig, the gloves came off. This recording more or less explains what it is that people love about bebop: The two players take each other's ideas and try to drive them higher and harder. Bird, even on the famous borrowed plastic alto, is at the absolute top of his game; Dizzy likewise. Given the fierce rivalry, a high point is Dizzy making Bird laugh on &quot;Salt Peanuts.&quot; The recording quality is the best Fantasy's engineers could come up with, given that this was basically a home recording that Mingus made with his own reel-to-reel machine. For illuminating detail on the evening (it was the same night as the Rocky Marciano-Jersey Joe Walcott fight--Dizzy kept leaving the stage for reports on the fight's progress), read Ross Russell's wonderful (if at times factually flawed) &quot;Bird Lives: The High Life And Hard Times Of Charlie Parker.&quot;
0553106635|5.0|As I neared the end, I was afraid there wouldn't be enough room for the grand resolution I was hoping.  Seemed Martin thought so too.  He has said in an interview that this will be a five or six book series with two years between the publishing of each.   This book is even better than the first two.  Cast aside any notions of what you thought was going to happen at the end of Book 2. If you've come this far in the series..I don't need to say more; you know.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Don't get me wrong, because I absolutely love the Beatles.  But even though these songs may be #1 songs, there are many, in my opinion, better Beatles songs than these songs.  Maybe the name of the CD could have been Beatles 2000, or something else and then they could have put in all the other good songs they did that weren't necessarily #1s.  For example, &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot;, &quot;Fool on the Hill&quot;, &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot;, etc...  It just seems like I could have bought one of those K-Mart greatest Beatles Hits and had the same set of songs on that.
B00004XMVH|5.0|Great movie. Non stop action. Intense action.  You will want to watch this one again and again.
B000002KHY|5.0|As a twenty-something who enjoys the metal sound of groups such as slipknot and rob zombie.  I would like to say that I also love to sit down and listen to James Taylor.  His type of music contains feeling that is sorely lacking from today's music.
B000050IMG|1.0|Terrible movie. Raunchy, disgusting. Not even funny. Save your money.
0385311400|3.0|I have enjoyed all the books in the Outlander series. This was the weakest. What was her editor thinking about letting her go on for so long. It should have been trimed down into a normal sized book and it would have been wonderful. Robert Graves where are you now that we need you. (He edited David Copperfield). I will certainly buy the others. She is a wonderful writer, but this book was self indulgent.
0875847706|5.0|I am very satisfied reading this book early in the morning each day. It is a very constructive orientation and help me in guiding my vision of life with the rest of the world. It is a teaching tool that help me in recognizing how important is the life. Congratulations to the authors. Their experiencies is an excellent duo.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|There is no need for an evaluation of this album to turn into a referendum on greatest hits packages.  Obviously, if you are already really into the Beatles, no new ground is covered here.  On the other hand, this collection will be around ten or twenty years from now when a new group of kids can discover the band for the first time.  My first exposure to the Beatles was a mix tape which covered their entire career, so I would highly recommend this CD to anyone who wants to know what the Fab Four were all about,
0345347951|5.0|Arthur Clarke cannot be praised for his literary skills nor for the relatively shallow and underdeveloped characters in all his books. This is book is no exception, but it has other merits that make it one of the best sf novels ever. <br />Alien &quot;overlords&quot; (with an interesting physical appearence, no less) arrive at earth and take over humanity. Under their ruling,  all known great problems of humanity (war, poverty, discrimination etc) disappear and earth finally becomes something close to a paradise. Sounds interesting? No matter what, it is impossible to guess the stunning unforgettable climax towards which the novel slowly builds up. The scale of Clarke's theme is of cosmic proportions. A must read for every sci-fi lover.
0525945636|4.0|Ken Follett is a great storyteller.  This book is great, I liked the flashbacks, and the way there is a couple of sentence intro about the rocket in each of the chapters
0425170349|1.0|Formulaic garbage. Major errors in the plot (i.e. Gives one character the knick name Bear and names another Oso (Spanish for bear) who is sometimes called Bear, it's cold in Australia in the summer...DUH). Clancy, who used to be cutting edge, should have retired about three books ago. What an embarrasment.
B000002UB3|5.0|I can't explain why this is my favorite Beatles album.  There are only a handful of great songs on it, two of which are by George Harrison.  Otherwise, I'd say the reason is that it's almost like a time capsule, where a lot of different styles from a lot of different Beatles eras are represented.  <br />It's a quick trip from their early years with &quot;Oh Darling&quot;, through the psychedelic phases with &quot;Because&quot;, to the pure rock phase with &quot;Come Together&quot; and &quot;She's So Heavy&quot; and it's rounded out very well by the medley and the other songs.<br />As a bass player myself, I do believe Paul McCartney's best bass playing is represented on this album.  Both &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;She Came In Through The Bathroom Window&quot; are scored and played incredibly well on the bass front.  Something is melodic and subdued, not too punchy and not too muted.  Bathroom Window has a level of syncopated playing that Paul had never really showed off before.<br />All in all, this is the album that has a permanent place in my CD changer.  I actually own two copies, one for the home and one for the car. Call me crazy.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is a great example of an artist who is not afraid to be himself and rap about what others want to hear and talk about.  all artists know what there audience wants to hear, but are afraid to be rejected.  Eminem is not afraid to rap and say what he feels. The things he says in his songs should not be taken seriously.  He is just a rapper trying to please his audience. This cd has a great range of beates.  He does not have the same kind of songs on it.  You can honestly sit down, listen to the cd, and have each and every song please you.   Eminem is a true artist, and he will be around for a long time to come.
0060987464|4.0|I thought this book was extremely interesting.  I am not even a Marilyn Manson fan, and had never heard any of his music before I read this book.  I have since bought two of his albums and think the music is great.  This book tells the truth directly from the horses mouth (Marilyn Manson) about the group coming into stardom and the rumors that followed.
B000022TSV|5.0|First a word on DVDs. Reviewing opera on DVD is not easy, with a CD there are several factors to consider, the quality of the singing, the orchestra, the conductor, and the quality of the recording. With DVD in addition you have to worry about the acting, the casting, costumes, the setting, lighting, choreography, synchronisation between video and sound and the quality of digital transfer With so many things to go wrong it easy to pick holes in any DVD offering, but that is not the point, opera on DVD is really a tremendous development. For years I struggled to read librettos, trying to follow the plot while listening to CDs or operas broadcast live from the Met, while at the same time keeping track of the words and my place in the English translation. It was not easy, I never really managed to gain a clear picture of the characters or the plot, missed out on many of the subtleties, and was never very clear as to exactly why the soprano was singing this particular aria at this particular time. With DVDs all has changed, it is like a live performance with surtitles, you can see the drama read the words on screen and link it all to the music, wonderful. In future I will buy two version of my favorite operas, one on DVD to learn the opera and the second on CD to enjoy the recording of pre video-era stars. <br />One word on the sound quality, currently this is really limited by the DVD player, all DVDs contain a sound track that is uncompressed and of higher quality than CD, however as far as I can see at present (Dec 2000) apart from a few high end exotica there is not a DVD player in the world capable of reproducing the sound on DVD disks at even CD quality. Hopefully this will change soon, but rest assured that the sound quality of the disk you buy today will suffice for a very long time into the future, whatever happens on the technology front. One caveat is the possibility that multichannel surround sound will take off, which may mean some current disks will be limited, but personally I doubt it will ever happen.<br />So to Rosi's Carmen, best described as an opera shot on location, the scenery is lovely the drama all the more realistic. A video of an opera house production is often disappointing in the scenery department, what may appear realistic from a seat in the circle, may look faintly ridiculous to the camera's analytical eye; this opera completely avoid the problem. On small criticism is that the company sometimes acts as if they were still constrained by a small stage, one example is where the soldier chorus all take one step forward as they start singing, very unnatural and a bit jarring mainly because the opera looks like a film and hence we expect high quality acting. Julia Migenes is Carmen, she trained for the role for months and for me is perfect in looks and voice. Placido Domingo's singing is terrific as usual even if his acting is bit stiff, on the other hand Spaniards are reserved and Spanish soldiers quite formal and so his approach is probably correct, if severely contrasted to Carmen's liberated lifestyle. Faith Esham's role as Micaela is beautifully sung if self-consciously acted, Ruggero Raimondi is totally convincing as Escamillo.<br />The playing of Orchestre National de France under Lorin Maazel is excellent. Sound and video quality are first class, for me the whole package is exceptional. <br />One note: The introduction contains a grim bullfight scene, even though I have seen several on Spanish TV on the DVD it was very clear, bloody and heartbreaking, I know it is integral to the plot but skip to the next scene.
B0000203YT|1.0|Slow, and very looongg! As screenwriter William Goldman said, if this movie didn't have &quot;Shakespeare&quot; in the title, it never would have done as well as it did. But seeing a movie with &quot;Shakespeare&quot; in the title is like wearing an intellectual &quot;Gucci&quot; label. And Goldman predicted BEFORE the Oscars, that Gwyneth Paltro would win the Oscar. But he said, &quot;If any other actress had played this part, SHE would have won the Oscar, too. It's the part that people voted for, not the actress.&quot; I thought her acting flacid, I thought both she and Joseph Fiennes both TOTALLY lacking in charisma. Tom Stoppard, as in all his writing, has a certain 2-dimensional wit, but no depth whatsoever in his writing (not uncommon among contemporary British writers, sad to say.) The Direction was weak. This is a 2 star film, but I'm giving it one star, because it IS one star, considering all the awards and money it did. And I love Shakespeare, and have played lead roles in his plays, as well as seen or read all his major ones. This movie insults his memory. Shakespeare would never have been as dull as Ralph Fiennes plays him.
0782008372|5.0|Well, I gues everybody know this movie allready. Thus to the DVD: The sound sucks as the other reviews said before but it's not that bad that you can't watch it.BUT the runningtime is wrong. It's not 141MIN., it's 116Min but these are 5Min more than the old version and they are worth watching(some Top of the Pop, hmm sorry - Chop of the Head scenes).Picture is O.K. though I've seen better(try DVD's of the CRITERION COLLECTION!).The specials guarantie some fun especially the picture-gallery All in all absolutly worth the price.<br />Besides:You remember Corgan saying &quot;It's better to burn out than to fade away!&quot;, in the church and wonder what he could mean? Ever heard of the letters I.N.R.I. at Jesus cross? Normaly translatet into &quot;Jesus king of bla bla...&quot; but you can translate it also Igne Natura Renovatur Integra which means &quot;Within the fire everything will be born again!&quot; So we have here Jesus on the cross and witches in the fire. Make your own conclusions. Good luck on all your journys!
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is an awesome cd! I luv every song! It's really good, if you like sarah mclachlan, or actually if you just love music you'll luv this!
B000050HVT|4.0|My CD collection is filled with these fellows.Always a Pavarotti fan (25 years)I naturally purchased the 1st disc,and have kept on buying each one.This CD is quite different.I don't know exactly what I expected,but felt it would be enjoyable.It was.As time has gone by the voices have changed,that is to be expected.What I didn't expect were the musical selections,my error,I didn't look.I assumed the selections would be more of the sacred genre.However endearing these gentlemen are,I don't see them doing crossover type music.They are great at their craft and should they decide to do another Christmas CD I hope it will be on the classical side.In the meanwhile I will enjoy this one,as it stands.
6300183971|3.0|I had my copy of Dune sitting on my bookshelf for I can't remember HOW long before I heard that someone was attempting to turn it into a movie.  I figured it was high time I actually read it...but about 50 pages into, I gave up.  It was another year or so before the movie actually came out, and I once again tried to read this incredibly acclaimed novel...this time I got to I believe page 75 before giving up entirely.<br />I decided to see the movie, and the thing that really struck me as I walked into the theater (yes, I saw it when it first came out in the 80's...) was they gave me a piece of paper containing definition of words and phrases that the movie had that was sure to confuse the watcher IF they had never read the book.  I found that it didn't really help the movie all that much (if at all) and went on to actually enjoy the movie, so much so that I decided once and for all to read ALL of Dune...WOW!  Suddenly this movie which was pretty decent to me, went down a few notches.  To those who have read the absolutely amazingly fantastic novel, NOTHING will EVER do it justice.  Just go and TRY to take 'Gone With The Wind' and reduce it to a 20 minute movie--WITHOUT losing any of the plot...sound impossible?  It IS. The same goes with a valiant attempt on David Lynch's part to turn a sci-fi masterpiece into 2-hours.<br />The one MAJOR plus to this movie is the masterful way they portrayed the magnificent Sandworms.  I was wondering how you could possibly do justice to such an incredible vision as described within the pages of Frank Herberts Dune, but in all honesty, they hit a homerun with this particular part of the movie.  Now with that said, what went wrong with the special effects in the rest of the movie???  Now sure it was made before computer graphics could do a LOT...however remember how well the effects were in OTHER sci-fi movies done even BEFORE Dune, some are LIGHT YEARS ahead of the bulk of the effects seen in this movie.  And you will also remember that at the time this came out it ranked as one of the most expensive movies ever made? You will wonder in a BIG way what they spent all that money on when you see this.  I was impressed with many aspects of this movie, however, it is 100% impossible to be objective after having read the book.  If you see this movie and like it, either do NOT read the book, or just be prepared to eventually be a bit upset at it when you finish reading.  Now if someone was willing to devote say 12 hours and a half-a-billion dollars to a decent movie version of Dune, I think we might be ONTO something...r that at the time this came out it ranked as one of the most expensive movies ever made? You will wonder in a BIG way what they spent all that money on when you see this.  I was impressed with many aspects of this movie, however, it is 100% impossible to be objective after having read the book.  If you see this movie and like it, either do NOT read the book, or just be prepared to eventually be a bit upset at it when you finish reading.  Now if someone was willing to devote say 12 hours and a half-a-billion dollars to a decent movie version of Dune, I think we might be ONTO something...
0192833588|3.0|Jane Austen is remembered fondly for her warmly written romantic comedies.  The comedy is subtle and difficult to spot for the untrained reader; in contrast the romance is thickly spready throughout her books, often too easily spotted.<br />Sense and Sensibility was Austen's first published work.  It is not her most successful novel.  By the time Emma was written, Austen was a more successful author.  Emma is funnier than Sense and Sensibility; it also posesses a more realistic romance.  However, there are positive traits of her style present in Sense and Sensibility.<br />Sensibility, easily slots into the genre of Romance.  It concerns two sisters, unfortunately deprived of their family inheritance, and their search for love.  One sister, Elinor, is sensible, while her younger sister, Marianne, is a passionate and silly romantic.  Austen, in fact admires both her leading ladies contrasting traits, but it is easier to sympathise with Elinor.  She puts up with a lot of torment in the novel but never allows herself to break down, unlike Marianne who almost lets a lost love end her life.<br />Happily, there is a trace of comedy running through the book.  As usual, the principal humour comes from the characters (the delightfully droll Mr Palmer), but Austen herself has fun with her narrative and enjoys creating set-ups to confuse both the reader and the characters.  There is always an element of mystery in her novels.  Who will end up with who?  And this heightens the enjoyment of the novel.<br />Sense and Sensibility has a lot to offer it.  It is a primitive work from a great writer.  It has hampered by the ridiculously happy ending.  Marianne and the Colonel should never have matched.  There is a gloss of reality (often lacking in the book), however when we find out that Willoughby (the bad guy) actually ends up living a happy life.  It is a rarity in Jane Austen's novels that the villian (if you can call it a villian) of the piece finishes the novel in a merry vein.<br />I wish I could tell you it was fantastic or indeed awful but I share Elinor's traits, in that I'm not one for exaggerated emotion.  It's good but not great.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is the second of Creed's doing and it is amazing.  It's far better than &quot;My own prison&quot;.  This album has deep, powerful and meaningful lyrics, backed by incredible guitar riffs.  At first, the lyrics might not mean much but if you read them from the album sleeve and listen to the album at the same time, then you will find they are very deep and you will be incredibly touched by them.  I reccomend this almbum,  I have been listening to it practically non-stop for months.  I've also being playing along to the songs on my guitar and somehow feel that it has made my connection to the song, and to how Scott Stapp (singer) was feeling at the time of writing.
0440219078|5.0|I read this book as a child and the substance really stuck with me, so much so that for years, though I couldn't remember the name or author, I kept vaguely looking for it because I needed to be able to refer to it with the conscious part of my mind. Reading it again was a joy, and I highly recommend it. It's a book which lays a foundation -- it encourages both child and adult to look at the world they live in with more careful eyes, and question the structures and common practices we all take for granted.  While describing a fictional world in child friendly language it grapples with relevant issues; from what it means to take a pill, to the simplicity of choosing comfort and numbness over a more painful awareness and the real cost that choice entails. It amazes me how much the books we read as children shape the way we think and process our experiences. For all those who want a world filled with sensitive, compassionate, and truly aware people, Lowry has given us a great gift to share with our children.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is the second of Creed's doing and it is amazing.  It's far better than &quot;My own prison&quot;.  This album has deep, powerful and meaningful lyrics, backed by incredible guitar riffs.  At first, the lyrics might not mean much but if you read them from the album sleeve and listen to the album at the same time, then you will find they are very deep and you will be incredibly touched by them.  I reccomend this almbum,  I have been listening to it practically non-stop for months.  I've also being playing along to the songs on my guitar and somehow feel that it has made my connection to the song, and to how Scott Stapp (singer) was feeling at the time of writing.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead's Kid A was 2000's most longawaited album, &amp; for a bloody good reason. If any of you haven't noticed, after the release of 1997's OK Computer artists all around the US, the UK &amp; northern Europe started to treat music differently. All of a sudden every single band on the planet was combining guitars with electronic soundeffects &amp; oblique, Thom Yorkesque lyrics in attempt to get the same attention OK Computer got. &amp; the media, particularly the British one, was just as bad. All of a sudden semigood balladrock bands such as Coldplay or Travis were enthroned as the new Radiohead, just for doing the same thing they always did. OK Computer changed the face of music as we know it, forever. &amp; Radiohead themselves, particularly Thom Yorke, loathed every moment of the sudden fame. That's why Kid A was a smack in the face for both critics &amp; listeners- An antipromotional hyped, exceedingly difficult album, who seems to be on a completely another level- Not only compared to OK Computer, The Bends or even the soso Pablo Honey, but also compared to everything else released in between OK Computer &amp; Kid A. Once you get thru Stanley Donwood's astral/appalling artwork (You won't be able to sleep for a while after you'll take a peek in the hidden booklet, which is to be found only on the initial pressings), you'll discover, as one critic put it, what nightmares are made of- As the first track, the unrest &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; plays you'll get the exact opposite feeling- That nothing is in fact in its right place- But without a sense of cynicism. If you still haven't felt shivers when you heard lines such as &quot;Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon&quot; or &quot;There are two colours in my head&quot;, the subsequent electrofreaky titletrack will sure make you cringe, with lyrics such as &quot;We've got heads on sticks &amp; you got ventriloquists&quot;. Just when you thought you can't get darker than that comes &quot;The National Anthem&quot;- A perfect antianthem, that manages to deliver panic once again- Only this time it comes with a catchy guitarriff &amp; a cacophony Charlie Mignus horns ending, &amp; with surprisingly &quot;transparent&quot; lyrics (&quot;Everyone is so near/Everyone has got the fear/What's going on?&quot;). &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot; turns out to be the Kid A equivalent to OK Computer's &quot;Exit Music (For A Film)&quot;, well more or less- A simple yet poignant ballad, reinforced by strings, with stormy lyrics going hand by hand with a tranquil melody. &quot;Treefingers&quot; sounds like meditation music- A nice interlude, but with the everremaining sense of anxiety inbetween the notes. The Kula Shakerish &quot;Optimistic&quot; then follows &amp; makes us all singalong to cahotic lines such as &quot;The big fish eat the little ones&quot; or &quot;Dinosaurs are roaming the earth&quot; in a way only Radiohead can acheive. After the Blurry outro comes &quot;In Limbo&quot;, which seems to be the sequel to &quot;How To Disappear...&quot;, only more lost, musically &amp; lyrically. Then comes the best track in the album, in my opinion &amp; also in Thom Yorke's- &quot;Idioteque&quot;. An electronic, apocalyptic piece that'll remain stuttering in your head days after the first listen. &quot;Idioteque&quot; transfers into &quot;Morning Bell&quot;- A cryptic electronic (Surprise surprise) song which seems to be written about a divorced couple (&quot;Cut the kids in half&quot;- Says commentator Thom Yorke). The ending track, &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;, might've letdown the fans who heard the initial version in Radiohead concerts around 1998, but it still makes a nice, somewhat calm ending (It's the only song here who actually manages to sound like a lovesong- Loads of strings, lyrics that deals with cheap sex &amp; sad films, ya know). After the song ends there's a minute of silence, then a minute of noise, which seems to be the remainders of the famous (Well to fans @ least) &quot;Pearly*&quot; B-side. &amp; that's all folks, it's over. Best, most original album of the year 2000. Is it better than OK Computer then? No. It simply can't be compared to OKC as it comes from a very different place, a darker place, not a better one, not a worse one, just... Itself.
0399146253|3.0|At last! Resolution to Black Notice. For that I was grateful. This is another dark chapt. in Kay's life. Unlike many other reviewers, I enjoyed the introspection. I believe that it foreshadows great changes in Kay's life. If you care about this character, you'll care about this story. If you're a mystery/thriller purist, you may find it wanting. The end comes so quickly!  (Too quickly.)
B00000K2SE|5.0|This is the first movie to ever discuss Anarchist philosophy! The ending of the movie seemed to be an anarchist manifesto:<br />I don't know the future. I didn't come here to tell you how this is going to end. I came here to tell how it's going to begin. I'm going to hang up this phone, and then show these people what you don't want them to see. I'm going to show them a world without you.<br />'You' being the State. The theme of the movie is obvious through the script. Though this movie is somewhat about perception of reality, the Matrix represents how people are unaware of the world around them. The humans being used as batteries seems to be a lot like taxation. Hackers are glorified as heroes, and federal agents are the representation of evil.
074350061X|4.0|Okay, I had a little trouble with the basic premise. I mean, &quot;The List&quot; itself wasn't unique or insightful enough to garner all the attention it received. But once I got over that hurdle, I had a great time with this story. The dialog was delightful, the suspense really built and the romance was provocative. If you're a fan of the thriller genre, you'll enjoy this one.
068818071X|5.0|How is it that Marian Keyes seems to know the events that happen in my life??? Rachel's Holiday sums up the experiences  of Rachel in rehab as well as pre and post rehab life. A very serious subject made thouroughly enjoyable. Keyes once again surrounds our heroine with a lovely cast of characters that support her on her journey.
B000002UA5|3.0|Okay, this album has a reputation for being uneven and a non-essential entry in the Pink Floyd catalog. Nonsense I say, and I'll tell you why. Pull up a chair, here, son. First of all the live album is great. Unlike that crap on &quot;Delicate Sound Of Thunder&quot; the songs on this live disc are superior in many ways to the studio versions. Especially &quot;Astronome Domine&quot; and &quot;Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun&quot;. As for the studio album, sure there are some dull and tedious spots. I didnt say there weren't. Alls I'm saying is that there is some great, experimental music here as well. Sysyphus sounds like the theme music for a 70's cult horror film. I kind of dig it. Grantchester Meadows is very mellow, music to help you wind down and clear your head. I REALLY dig Gilmour's Narrow Way. Alot of acoustic riffing treated with some studio trickery in the spirit of being &quot;experimental&quot;. Too bad he didnt spend a little more time on this piece because it is good but it could have been great with a little more attention. The Grand Vizier's Garden Party is a bore and Nick Mason really shouldn't have bothered. Well, anyway that's what I think about the album. Run along now.
B00000K31V|5.0|IN TYPICAL DAVID CRONENBERG STYLE THIS MOVIE KIND OF LEFT ME SHAKING MY HEAD WHEN I FIRST WATCHED IT.I MADE THE MISTAKE OF TRYING TO ATTACH SOME SORT OF PLOT SENSE TO IT AND IT JUST WASN'T WORKINGAFTER I REWATCHED IT ABOUT 5 TIMES I JUST KIND OF GOT INTO THE HYPNOTIC NETHERWORLD THAT MR.CRONENBERG IS FAMOUS FOR TAKING MOVIE WATCHERS TO AND AM ENJOYING IT IMMENSELY.THE MOVIE ITSELF IS THE PLOT-DAVID KEEPS MOVING YOU IN AND OUT OF VARIOUS REALITIES AND THEN AT THE END DOES ONE OF HIS FAVORITE TRICKS AND KIND OF PULLS THE MENTAL RUG OUT FROM UNDER YOU.ANYONE THAT HAS ENJOYED OTHER MOVIES OF HIS  LIKE &quot;VIDEODROME&quot; WILL FINALLY JUST GO &quot;OKAY DAVE YOU GOT ME AGAIN!&quot;.AS OTHER REVIEWS HAVE SAID YOU WILL PROBABLY ENJOY THIS MOVIE IF YOU LIKE DAVE CRONENBERGS PROJECTS-IF YOU DON'T THAN DON'T BOTHER TO BUY THIS ONE.
B00004XONN|3.0|Pablo Honey, The Bends, OK Computer and who would have expected what is, Kid A. A mind-boggling 10 track maze of what others may term noise rather than music. This is nothing like before. Should I have anticapated this from Thom Yorke &amp; Co.? Most definately! After all, I did here his incoherent mumble-jumble of an interview with Dave Fanning. This album is neither very good or very bad. It features loud rockin' tunes like 'The National Anthem' with easy sad sounding tunes like 'How to Dissappear' which tend to grow on you more and more. 'Idioteque' is the best track on this album, with a futuristic techno sound complemented well with Yorkes high pitched voice. Overall, if you have always been a Radiohead fan, go buy it now,(more-so to keep a full Radiohead collection rather than music content or quality). Otherwise, give it a miss. I have heard rumours that Radiohead are moving out of the lime light and could split, and Kid A was the first sign of fame exhaustion, in producing an album as if they didn't care about their hardcore fans, and threw out this short album of weird noise/music, knowing that it would sell on past merits alone.    Kid(ding us) A.       <br />Ross Donovan
B000003TA4|4.0|Fourteen years after 'Nevermind' has been released, it remains a permanent fixture in my CD player or disc drive, aside from the occasional dust. With all the talentless, whiny, overprocessed \\"wuss rock\\" that infests and infiltrates the airwaves, I can hear what music is supposed to sound like.  <br /> <br />Honestly, 'Nevermind' is one of the only CDs in which I enjoy every single track, even the more obscure 'mediocre' ones. From Kurt's snarling \\"A denial\\" in \\"Smells Like Teen Spirit\\" to Dave's impressive drum solo in \\"Stay Away\\", this CD has helped me through tough times in my life.  <br /> <br />\\"Drain You\\" is, in my opinion, the best Nirvana song ever, with its pulsating drums and lyrics about parasitic love. I won't comment on the usual songs that everyone else is such as \\"Teen Spirit\\", \\"In Bloom\\", \\"Lithium\\" and \\"Come As You Are\\", but regardless of sound...every song evokes some sort of emotion whether melancholy and sadness (\\"Something in the Way\\"), anger/disgust (\\"Polly\\"), melodic/harmony contentment (\\"On a Plain\\") or just plain craziness (\\"Territorial Pissings\\").  <br /> <br />However, I gave it four stars because listening to it reminds me how iconic the record is and how much I truly miss music like this, hoping that it will return someday....although I doubt it ever will.  <br />
B000002KHB|5.0|If Deep Purple's &quot;Machine Head&quot; can't get you going nothing can! This extremely talented British band knows how to &quot;swing&quot; as well as hit you with their patented brand of fat and heavy rock 'n roll. What else can you say about  songs like &quot;Highway Star&quot;? You'll definitely feel like you're going down the highway at about 125mph. I never get tired of that one which doesn't get the airplay that the classic &quot;Smoke On The Water&quot; does. I love &quot;Lazy&quot; and &quot;Space Truckin'&quot;. The ONLY Deep Purple lineup of Gillan, Blackmore, Lord, Glover and Paice in excellent form. Accept no substitutes. This CD is guaranteed to make you a Deep Purple fan or die trying!
0553573403|4.0|Although I am unfamiliar with other fantasy works by Martin, I found this one exceptionally interesting and well written. Swords and sorcery aside, this book is filled with political intrigue, betrayal and backstabbing, as well as a double handfull of well-drawn characters that straddle the line between good and bad. Anyone interested in dense and intricate character driven political fantasy will enjoy this book. Book #2 in the series is even better.
B00003CXA6|4.0|Look, there is so little out there for Civil War buffs that this one rates high just on its production alone.  But don't be confused about its historical accuracy.  The Killer Angels, the book on which this movie is based, is a fictional recounting of the battle.  Sure, it weaves in enough fact that it keeps it interesting, but I fear people will watch this film then think they have a clear understanding of the battle.  It's great entertainment, but if you're interested in having a knowledge of the battle that goes beyond the elementary, this movie is not the place to gather your facts.  Gettysburg is definitely worth the time and money.  Just keep it in perspective.
B000003S0F|5.0|Great, serious music, well played. Sincerity comes to my mind. I love this album, especially the second half which could be considered 'prog chamber music'. Beautiful!!
0393316041|5.0|This book makes you realize all at once that &quot;even Dick Feynman puts his pants on one leg at a time&quot;, unless of course he has figured out a different way to do it.  This book captures the oddity and the humanity of one of the great minds of our century.<br />From his first scientific presentation in a room containing the Who's Who of physics to the death of his first wife at a young age, this book makes you feel as if you know Feynman.<br />This book is not only for physicists, it is for people curious about the life and times of a thoughtful man or just looking for a good, entertaining read.  It is light hearted, fun, quickwitted and hilarious.  I found my self laughing out loud and scratching my head all at the same time.  It is also written in many short chapters, which makes it an easy read.  Perfect for a vacation or a night stand!
B000002I6T|4.0|You could argue that this is a somewhat silly album. Quite easily in fact. But why bother? It must have been fun  (if drug induced) to make and still sounds wonderful. I like it and come back to it a lot. Definitely his best solo album.
0684859106|5.0|You will find this book a great resource on basic baking items such as muffins, cakes, and cheesecakes.  This is not the book for you if you are looking for something completely original, but is perfect if you are looking for really good recipes for standards.  I liked that the instructions were extremely clear, there was no room for error when preparing the recipes.  This is one of the most detailed books in this respect that I have seen. All the recipes that I have tried have come out well.  I also like the fact you do not need exotic recipes for this book.  Most ingredients can be readily found in your pantry.  If you are looking for a resource for classic bakery recipes this book is for you.  The page design is lovely, and there are many pictures to go along with the recipes.
0767853636|5.0|Once you have read all the artsy-fartsy reviews take this into consideration: I have watched whole packs of little girls spin and dance around a room giggle and laugh at this very funny and upbeat musical.  Furthermore, the humor of Carol Burnette makes it possible for parents to tolerate the constant repitition that children demand of their favorite shows.  <br />Maybe it isn't the Broadway play.....but little girls love it!
0783226063|5.0|I Fancy myself a bit of a Dune Fanatic. I've read the entire series of books quite a few times, And feel that I am familiar with the Universe that Frank Herbert Created in his Writings.  Dune is a story that had a long road to make it to the theaters. Almost from it's writing, It was being sold as a great movie to make. And this, I feel is the movie that it was meant to be. While it does suffer from some omissions in plot, And from a 21st Century prospective, does lack in the Special Effects Department, This movie still infuses you with the feeling and tone of Frank Herbert's writings. Having recently seen the new Mini-series on TV, This movie still stays in my mind as the best version made.  While some complain of the voice over thoughts and such in this movie, and how cryptic some scenes and statements may be, This story is one that takes place more in the minds, attitudes, and actions of it's characters, and just how their past, present, and future selves have affected the galaxy around them. I personally missed the thoughts in voice-over from the movie while watching the new Mini series, and actually found myself thinking of the dialouge set into my mind from this film. Also, Considering that this movie was made with the Author along for most of the ride, I feel that this is the best representaion commited to celluloid, of Frank Herbert's Masterpiece work. That said, I want Sequels! Kyle McLachlan is perfectly aged to reprise the role!!
B00004XONN|5.0|I own none of Radiohead's earlier albums, but from what I've read, they had little to do with this one musically anyways.  What i can say, though, is that the music on Kid A is amazing.  The melodies are hauntingly beautiful and the vocals fit perfectly.  The music sounds &quot;right&quot;... and while i can't really say if its because of the mixing of electronic and vocal sounds or if it has to do with the light melodies mixed with deep bass lines, I can say that it has been a pleasure to listen to since I bought it.  For me, this was a CD that felt familiar the first time I heard it, even though it is vastly different than anything else i own.<br />This is the kind of CD that flows--the tracks by themselves are great, but the superb transitions from one track to the next make this a true album--not just a compilation of separate tracks.  <br />I give Kid A 5 stars not just for originality, but for being an all-around good listen.  I recommend this CD for just about anyone--I don't think there's any way to know if you'll like it until you give it a listen
0790743132|5.0|Casablanca is the best, ever.  I have seen the move eneough that I can recite most of the lines, yet I never miss a chance to watch it again.  If you have never seen Casablanca, you have never seen a movie.  Just an interesting bit of trivia:  Q:  The move takes place over three days during WW-2. What historical event happend during those same three days? A:  The attack on Pearl Harbor.  Coincidence? Next time you watch the movie, pay attention to the late night bar scene &quot;Of all the gin joints in all the towns...&quot; and you will hear the date.
B000002AS1|5.0|I watched Forrest Gump 4 times. And i have grown to love and value it deeply. Somehow, i see a part of us present in the journey undertaken by Gump. Everything about the movie teaches you about life and what to expect of it. Contrary to claims that it's about America's social history, i see a deeper if not spiritual aspect to this film. To put it simply, it speaks deeply about the follies we experience in life: its broken promises, mute tragedies and redemptive strength. What's most poignant is that part of this realisation is made manifest in the music offered by Silvestri. The spirituality of such a truth lies hidden in the music. You could almost feel yourself walking down portions of your own life, in its fair share of triumphs and regrets. The music makes you reflect and this is one of the most powerful and lasting value any composer can give to another human being. I've used it to help both teenagers and children in therapy work and it helped them get in touch with their lost feelings again. Such is its beauty. In addition, i must say that this particular soundtrack has far more impact than the first one. The latter, i feel, had been badly damaged by its distracting and twirly tunes. Do Get this one, instead.
B0000203YT|4.0|I felt like watching Romeo and Juriet when I saw this movie. Because Shakespeare, who is the protagonist of this movie, falls in love like Romeo. The woman who Shakespeare is in love with is a lady from the upper class. And she has a fiance who has been chosen by her parents. I imagine Romeo and Juriet might be written some of Shakespearefs real experience. @  I thought Shakespeare was a more wonderful person. But I felt close to him because in the movie he sometimes falls in slumps and falls in love like common people. I was amazed to know that he was around as an actor.     I think that@Viola whom Shakespeare falls in love has courage and that she is a lovely woman. Even if I had a strong desire to be an actor, I would not disguise myself as a man to go on the stage in the time when women were forbidden to appear on the stage. I donft have such courage. But I want to live as I have a strong desire to want to grant my dream absolutely and I feel if it were hard life, I could live happily.     I cheered Shakespeare and Violafs love while I watched this movie. And I hoped a happy ending. But Shakespeare was not mated with Viola in marriage though she break off her engagement. However I was satisfied with this ending. @  How hard and sad they may felt when they ported in spite of their love? But I moved by them who can say gGood-byeh with smile even such time. @  Lastly, I think Ifm glad of watching this movie. This movie will remain in my heart forever. @
B00003A9QI|4.0|If you've enjoyed the movie, you also appreciate the soundtrack  composed by Portman. His music reminds me of the need to find back one's anchors and bearings in a world that's always challenging you to grow up and seek your own path in life. This is what 'The Cider House Rules' mean to me. More importantly, this soundtrack leaves a trail of memory that lingers after you've watched the film. I can't explain it but much of the music carries an interior message of hope: to carry on even when your searching grows dark and empty.
0441003257|5.0|I had never read anything by either of the authors when I bought this book, nor had I heard of Terry Pratchett, who is very well known for his Disc World books (which I later read and also highly recommend--all of them!). But I was soon engrossed in what was some of the best and funniest writing I have had the pleasure to encounter in many years.<br />The essential story is of two angels--one fallen and one not--who have been living on earth for ages, each doing their best to either damn or save souls. Over the millenia, they have developed a sort of professional understanding, and often meet for coffee, in a manner of speaking, to discuss world events.<br />Into this cozy arrangement comes startling news--the anti-Christ has been scheduled for arrival, which means the end of the world is imminent. The problem is, the two angels have grown to love the world and are not ready to have it end yet. They conspire together to thwart the plans, with quite amusing results that come to a head when the anti-Christ reaches the age of 11.<br />This is a very funny and intelligently written book. It has nothing in it to offend; my then-ten-year-old daughter not only loved having me read it aloud to her, but eventually absconded with the book so she could read it to herself.<br />There are rumors that the book is being made into a movie soon, so get a jump on the crowd and read it now. If the movie makers do justice to the book, it should be a great movie. Nonetheless, some of the best humor in the book is through the writing, and would not translate to the big screen. So read the book!
6304712936|5.0|Anthony Schaeffer re-wrote and re-thought his successful and controversial stage play Amadeus and worked with Milos Foreman to create the film.  He softened some of the plays most outrageous moments and added a little more historically accurate details.<br />The central conflict in the film (like the play) between Antonio Salieri and Amadeus Mozart  is of course purely an invention of the play write. It may be somewhat believable a highly respected rich, court composer would be envious to the point of jealous murderous hatred of the the more talented ,but crass and boorish, musical genius, Mozart, but it never happened.  I find the idea a clever device with which to weave a tale around.<br />The location filming in Prague by Miroslav Ondricek, the billowy costumes, and the music lend a beautiful 18th century feel to the film.  The American accents, and some modern slang at times jar us out of the period.  It's easy to forgive the exciting moments of Mozart conducting (utterly inacurately) because of how visually exciting the frame looks while he flails his arms about.  I wonder however why Hulce didn't watch some Bernstein's concerts to be a little more accurate and nearly as dramatic in his conducting.<br />There are some absolutely poetic moments in the film.  One of the best scenes is when Salieri is reading the music Mozart's wife has brought to the palace to beg for her husband's job.  Abraham seems to be tasting the finest food he's ever eaten as he `hears' the music by reading it. He deserved his Oscar on the basis of this scene alone.<br />There are scenes where music is brought vividly to light, from page, to the film's sountrack to the opera house.  Whatever flaws the film has, these scenes are so wonderfully realized it would be easy to forgive almost anything in order to have such a highpoint in cinema.<br />Mozart who is blessed with unbelievable amounts of talent, doesn't know how to behave, breaks the rules, isn't punished for his mis-behavior, but in a manner of speaking is squandering his time and talent on frivolous pursuits.  Composing music is nearly effortless it seems for Mozart, while for Salieri it is hard difficult work resulting in at best above average operas.  He boasts about writing 40 of them, but Mozart can take a piece which has taken Salieri weeks to perfect and re-write it, turning it into a near masterpiece in just a few minutes.  Salieri prayed  when he was a young boy, to be able to compose music, and in return he would offer his chastity.  Fate allowed him to be a composer and Salieri believed he owed God his chastity for his gift.  Alas Salieri's musical gifts are common compared to Mozart's genius.  We can understand how this very crass and ill-mannered boy-man-genius, who has slept with the woman Salieri secretly loves, drives Salieri into a hateful rage.  He has given up his desire as penance for being a composer and now Mozart has made him realize he is only slightly talented at his craft and not a true artist.<br />Mozarts talent is so large,  over-whelming, and threatening naturally Salieri must destroy it, crush it, get rid of it.  It becomes his passion.  Destroy Mozart.<br /> It's a narrative that opens up a story of two 18th century composers to a wider audience.  And most of the time the film works very well indeed.<br />F.Murray Abraham as Salieri is our narrator for this story.  His performance is one of the finest you will ever see in a  film.  It's an appropriately balanced performance which resists going over the top (but comes deliciously close on a couple of occasion).  .<br />Tom Hulce's performance is perhaps a bit too deliberate, and maybe his annoying laugh is an actor being given a bit too much rope to create a memorable performance, yet Hulce amazingly avoids hanging himself.  He makes it work for him and for the film.  When Salieri complains about the `creature's laugh' we understand how annoying and boorish the laugh is to him.<br />Jeffrey Jones gives a slyly comic performance as Emperor Joseph the 2nd.  Elizabeth Berridge as Mozart's wife also gives a memorable performance.<br />Chris Jarmick Author of The Glass Cocoon  with Serena F. Holder - A steamy cyber thriller available January 2001. Please order it today. Thank Youeffrey Jones gives a slyly comic performance as Emperor Joseph the 2nd.  Elizabeth Berridge as Mozart's wife also gives a memorable performance.<br />Chris Jarmick Author of The Glass Cocoon  with Serena F. Holder - A steamy cyber thriller available January 2001. Please order it today. Thank You
B00003CWOL|4.0|First, I love Kevin Smith. He's the reason I decided to become a filmmaker. However, Dogma didn't equal his other 3 films. The reason I think is simple. He wrote this film first of the 4, but he waited to make it. And the story just isn't as strong as the other 3. It doesn't draw you in. Chris rock isn't good in his role and neither is Linda florentino. Jay as always is hilarious. He steals the movie.<br /> It's not the controversy that is the center of this film, but the slow parts. If it wasn't for Alan rickman, a lot of this film would be very boring. He was wonderful. I recommend this film to anyone, but only a true Kevin smith fan should buy the DVD. Me, I'm waiting for the Criterion Collection Dogma DVD.
0140434089|4.0|Clearly written and sprinkled with the vivid eccentricities of Victorian England at its apex, &quot;The Moonstone&quot;--hailed even today as the archetype of the modern detective novel--has been imitated and imitated to the point that it's begun to show its age.  Through no fault of its own, its seminal reliance on unforseen plot turns and carefully hidden clues might seem relatively old hat these days.  But when first published in 1868, &quot;The Moonstone&quot; was utterly and indisputedly new.  Some critics thought it monsterous.  Others found it's gentle skewering of Victorian mores a little too shocking.  Public opinion, however, granted &quot;The Moonstone&quot; almost instant acclaim.<br />Take, for instance, the &quot;cliche&quot; around which the plot thickens:  Explorers in the heart of the Himalayas find and then steal a huge diamond from the face of a Hindu (in the novel, it's quaintly spelled &quot;Hindoo&quot;) statue.  Accordingly--and a little bit like the famed sapphire, &quot;The Star of India&quot;--what might be a curse, and what might also be its pursing Hindu claimants, follows the diamond from owner to owner until a beautiful 19-year-old woman, Rachel Verinder, receives it as a birthday present.<br />If, in a movie, that young beauty was played by, say, Tori Spelling, we'd all be anticipating the grisly details of a rich prepster's murder at an illicit high school keg party, and lots of techno music, some sort of sado-machochism scene and a gang of French guys with long hair, black leather pants, and plenty of flash overall.  But here that's really not the case--because the very night Rachel Verinder receives the diamond...it disappears.  In other words, &quot;The Moonstone&quot; surrounds itself with one of the richest and most intriguing plots in classic fiction.  Which isn't to say it's devoid of any flashiness.  <br />Not surprisingly, the detective, an enigmatic Sergeant Cuff, shambles onto the consequent fracas within the Verinder household.  He's kind of a cross between the inscrutable Sherlock Holmes--an obvious copy of the original--and the always underestimated Columbo.  Seeing things that not even the reader notices, Cuff expertly analyzes the case as his focus ranges through a rogue's gallery of potential theives.  <br />Did Rachel &quot;steal&quot; her own diamond, believing that she can outwit the diamond's accursed pursuers?  Or did her fiance-wannabe, the young dark and dashing Mr. Ablewhite, take the diamond in order to protect the woman he loves from the curse?  Or how about likely-suspect Rosanna--a former prostitute who is in love with another of Rachel Verinder's admirers, Mr. Franklin Blake?  Maybe she took the Moonstone because she wishes so badly to impress the object of her heart.  <br />Like an immense parlor game--brought to our attention by the once-novel device of &quot;testimonies&quot; from major characters--&quot;The Moonstone&quot; gathers from one mannerly outrage to another until, in a quite mannerly conclusion, it rises from the quicksand of a thoroughly enticing plot, its yellow pallor luminescently taking victim after victim into its solipsistic spell.<br />Unlike many novels of what is sometimes termed the Regency period of English literature, Collins, like most novelists and artists of the day, anticipates the breakdown of the Victorian ethic.  Like Cervantes, who wrote of the dying Age of Chivalry in a lighthearted way, Collins takes the mores of the day to task on nearly every page.  Rachel, who is by no means the dispassionate and meek beauty she should be, is a thoroughly modern Millie compared to the average upper class woman of the times.  Franklin Blake, a world traveller, has seen and heard enough in his lifetime to see through many of the suffocating rules and sanctions, and is eternally suspicious because of it.  Mrs. Merridew, one of Rachel's guardians, is perhaps the most comical character.  When she begins going through the Verinder household, concealing religious phamplets in the plants, among the loose papers in the library and even under the napkins surrounding the dinner table, you can't help but laugh a little--especially when every little twinge of eroticism or morally-electric curiosity she might feel is interpreted in light of her quest to bring everyone around her straight to Jesus.      Eloquently a period piece, this popular entertainment from the last days of the Age of Dickens is also pompously rich in Victorian detail and fraught with the cups and teaspoons of life among the privileged in an era where refinement was everything.  Clearly delineated characterizations and strong period detail, however, seem somewhat laughable when we look into &quot;The Moonstone&quot; from our period.  Yet with a willful suspension of disbelief, most readers will find that Wilkie Collins' &quot;The Moonstone&quot; exercises the &quot;intrigue muscle&quot; quite nicely.
B000002LK1|4.0|This is a great DM album. I admit, I do like it pretty much, I like Martin's lyrics a lot and the music is quite good. I liked about more than half of the tracks (seven or eight of them) and I thought the music for both &quot;Blue Dress&quot; and &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; are great. However, I am not giving this album a perfect five as I thought some of the music sounded a tiny bit the same such as &quot;World in My Eyes&quot; and &quot;Halo&quot; may give some people a feeling that they resemble. Overall, this is a great album and Depeche Mode has definitely done a great job on the mixing of styles.
B00004Y7SF|2.0|Christina has a BEAUTIFUL VOICE but she makes too much Oohs and Aahs throughout this album--she's OVERDOING HER SINGING. I like pop, r&amp;b, soul so dont think i'm dissing her music. She needs to lay off the mariah carey act or at least lessen it a bit because her oohs and ahs seems like she's ruining the beauty of the songs..she does this more than actually singing the songs..the songs kinda drags with the way she sings it. And she jumps from one pitch to another it doesnt sound smooth and it doesnt sound pleasant (even mariah or whitney didn't overdo their singing at least when they jump pitches or do oh's and ah's it was smooth and sweet)..like she bursts out a high pitch in the middle of the song it seems like she really didnt have to do that.And she yells/sings too loud when it should stay sweet and calming..We all know she has a great voice, she doesnt need to let us know by her yelling so much. She sounds like she's rather showing off her voice instead of bringing out the beauty of the xmas songs. I only like 3 songs..Have yourself a merry little xmas, chestnut song and the remix. The rest of the songs on this album are pop/r&amp;b versions of xmas songs..it doesn't sound christmassy just pop/r&amp;b songs with the word xmas in it..i guess this is why she called it &quot;My kind of xmas&quot;. This cd is okay for xmas parties/dancing if you don't like the traditional xmas version.
B00003CX7L|5.0|You can't go wrong with this movie!  I actually like this movie better then the first!   My kids have watched this sooo many times that I'm surprised the tape hasn't fallen apart yet!  (hehe, I've watched it with them at least 90% of the time!)  My only regret is not buying the DVD version!  But I didn't have DVD at the time.  DOH!
0671034065|5.0|wow! this book was really good, i just couldn't put it down.  i'm 19, and i am not a big fan of reading, unless i find a book that i really like... and i liked this book, because i read it in five days.  i loved it when they told the juicy details of jaine and sam.  i could just picture then together in my head.  I had no idea this was a murder mystery, and a romance all in one.... great combo!  I would definately recommend reading this book... i bought it from the book store because I read an excript of it in Cosmo magazine and it sounded juicy and interesting, and it was... believe me... pick up a copy today.
0802136834|5.0|Alison Weir has a fine start to a marvelous cycle of history books of the Tudor reign of Henry VIII and his wives and children.  The actual beginning of this cycle would be Ms. Weir's book on the Wars of the Roses but this is the true start of the series that looks at the personal lives of the reigning Tudors.  This book, The Six Wives of Henry VIII, is a fat and delicious book that brings these very different women to life for the reader.  It is the way the author has of drawing the personality out of the sources that is the most rewarding aspect of this book.  History lives and is exciting because the reader feels the life within the history.  Alison Weir is a marvelous writer and makes the past both exciting and accesible.  A fine book of history and a wonderful place to spend a few entertaining hours.
0780020685|1.0|Lackluster HongKong export about a bunch of guys defending a Chinese village from bandits. I would prefer to watch &quot;Wing Commander&quot; rather than this trash. At least WC has some cool special effects and great action. I would give this sad excuse of a movie one star.
0618001905|5.0|This fine book, King Leopold's Ghost by Adam Hochschild, looks at one man's attempt to build a personal empire and the devastating effect that has on an entirely different world only a continent away.  King Leopold of Belgium carves out an empire on the backs of the people in the area he annexes around the Congo, ultimately causing the deaths of upwards of ten million people.  This tale is not his alone and the intense pleasure and heartbreak of this piece of history is to see the struggle to fight against this man's schemes from both within the Congo and from outside the Congo in American and England.  The history of one man's greed and grasp becomes the story of millions of people and ultimately a tale that is as important in its own time as it is today.  A fine piece of historical writing on an important topic.
B00000DCHE|5.0|This is without a doubt the best live album I own. I won't say it's the greatest ever recorded because that would be overstepping my musical boundaries. From the first song to the last, you will find this entire set engaging. Some people do think of Billy Joel as a writer of sappy love songs and he has his share of those, but this album shows him at his absolute peak. The fact that he chooses songs that were never hits just adds to the enjoyment of this record. I recently purchased his new years eve 2000 live concert, hoping to recapture lightning in a bottle but was extremely dissapointed. If you long to experience Billy Joel at his best then this is the disc for you.  And as he says in the liner notes, turn it up as loud as you can!
B00000ILE7|1.0|Of how not to make a sequel in contrast to Aliens (which is a perfect sequel in that it manages to both stand on its own and as a satisfactory continuation of Alien), Alien teeny-tiny 3 establishes itself by undermining its predecessor.  The decision to kill off the survivors of Aliens during the opening credits made a mockery of that film's intense climax which focused on rescuing the little girl.  Not a good move, when you are providing a follow-up to a comercial and critical hit, because then you have to make sure that this movie will be even better.  It also throws out the rules as to the nature of the Aliens.  In the previous movies the facehuggers would be unleashed only when a being is in proximity of the eggs. (It was clearly stated in Aliens that the two rogue facehuggers had been torn from their victims' faces.)  In this movie the facehuggers leave the eggs whenever they feel like it &amp; roam around free.<br />Clearly, the first two movies should be ignored when watching this one.  So, then, how does it stand on its own merits?<br />The answer is:  It doesn't.<br />The pacing is slow, the visuals are murky, the plot is muddled.  A leisurely, unpleasant tale of a lone survivor stranded on a prison planet plays like a bad, pretentious drama until the Alien finally arrives to start killing characters.<br />After watching this movie, the only question is: why didn't they go with their original instincts in Alien 4 and make this incoherent mess into a bad dream?  That is a move which would have tied in nicely to the last line of Aliens (Newt:&quot;Can I dream?&quot; Ripley:&quot;Yes, I think we both can.&quot;)
B00000BKDZ|5.0|Seven deadly sins...<br />with these words, the gloomy journey commences, and its powerful spiral soon will drag you down to the bottoms of your soul as well. This opus is outstanding beyond words. Its power unfolds slowly but irresistably; like every shining gem its light rather glows stronger with every spin than being weakened or fading away. In my eyes, the song &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh Son&quot; is the epicentre of the CD around which everything revolves; when you hear it, you feel like participating in the enthronization ceremony of the seveth, the heavenly, the chosen One. The eye of your mind drifts ahead like an observer on a dreamlike journey, sombre and opaque. You stand in the gloomy torchlight of a dark cathedral watching behooded shadows marching slowly towards a celestial radiant illumination. Th end of the song leaves you silent, reluctant, pondering. Follow the path of the seventh One, step out of place and time for a short still everlasting moment. A huge down on two knees bow to Iron Maiden for this piece of art unmatched and unrivalled. I'd rather destroy hundred different CDs of mine than laying this into the hands of another. It's a juwel in a heap of dung. Join the path of the Seventh Son. <br />Seven deadly sins...
B000050FEN|1.0|Bad acting from great actors.  A predictable movie with gore for the sake of gore.  The characters are so cliche it makes you want to gag more than the bodies they discover. Someone actually spent time porting this total trash to a DVD, and I thought I had a bad job.  Save your money and your time, click on the next button.
630438551X|4.0|I saw the movie because I had heard of Romeo and Juliet as one of Shakespearefs works, but I didnft know the story in detail.  This movie arranges the original story setting it in modern Italy. I was deeply moved by its themes : they are gEncounterh and gDeathh.     Romeo and Juliet first get acquainted with each other for the first time in a party held at Julietfs house. The party is very funny!! In the middle of the party, suddenly Petruchio begins to dance and sing ! I was very surprised  by seeing it, for the Montagues and the Capulets are oppsed to each other. If Petruchio is found out, he will be killed for he is a loyal retainer of the Capulets. (Finally, he was killed by Tybalt, Julietfs cousin.)     While the party continues, Romeo meets Juliet across a fish tank in the powder room by chance. ( The fish tank is very big and beautiful ! ) The scene is very charming! Romeo and Juliet get married in secret.  Their wedding is simple, but they seems to be happy.      After their marriage, Petruchio was killed by Tybalt. Hearing of his death, Romeo rushed to his head, and he killed Tybalt. Because of this matter, he was banished from the country. Although her cousin was killed by her husband, Juliet kept believing and loving him. It is marvelous!  Sad to say they donft be happy, but the Montagues and Capulets make peace by their death. After I saw the movie,I was greatly impressed by it !
0517122707|5.0|I laughed until I hurt.  The writing is wonderful.  The characters are great.  It is my favorite book of all times.
0446605409|2.0|After reading some of Mr. Demille's previous books, like The General's Daughter, Catherdral, and The Charm School, I found this book to be very disappointing. The premise and storyline were fine. His main character was over done. I grew tired of his sophmoric sense of humor. It spoiled the story for me. I think he was trying to imitate the main character from &quot;The General's Daughter&quot;, a much better book and character...
B000056H25|3.0|Visually magnificent, George Stevens' epic retelling of the life of Christ  has much to recommend it, particularly the performance of Max Von  Sydow as Jesus, but it seems so much in awe of its subject that, though it  succeeds in presenting Jesus as God, it fails in presenting Him as God in  human form. Did Jesus really walk this Earth? He certainly did, but I  doubt that the Jesus depicted here would have ever been put to death. It is  entirely too obvious that He was the Son of God. Who would have  doubted Him? &quot;The Greatest Story Ever Told&quot; reminds me of a stained  glass window: It is truly beautiful to look at, yet it never succeeds in  appearing three dimensional. The film's biggest handicap, however, is the  endless parade of &quot;guest stars&quot; (especially such incongruous figures as  John Wayne and Pat Boone) whose appearance cheapens the subject  matter, putting it on a par with such all-star extravaganzas as &quot;Airport&quot; and  &quot;The Poseidon Adventure.&quot; The film is still very much worth seeing  (probably more so in the widescreen edition), but falls far short of its  intentions. Franco Zefferelli's &quot;Jesus of Nazareth&quot; is vastly superior.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Wow.  I first saw Princess Mononoke during its limited theatrical release (twice).  Many people have issues with the dub, but this is by far the best dubbed anime ever to be released -- I, like most anime fans, normally insist on subtitles, but Neil Gaiman and the cast succeeded in putting real emotion into these characters.  The casting of Billy Bob Thornton and Claire Danes might rub some ears the wrong way, but in my opinion the emotional impact is still there regardless of the odd accents.  In any case, the Japanese track is included, and it's phenomenal.  As for its content, most arguments about its violence and length can be dismissed by viewing it as a film, rather than as a cartoon.  It's not Disney.  The plot is a complex and delicate exercise in shades of gray.  Don't expect Akira or Macross either -- it's really not of the same genre.<br />The video and audio quality is the sort that you would use to show off your new home theater system.  In fact, I found the Japanese soundtrack to be richer and better dynamically balanced than the English track (!).  Disney/Miramax really took advantage of the format by including BOTH the Japanese and English opening titles and credits -- they are automatically selected depending on your choice of language via an angle switch.  Transparent and ingenious.  There are two sets of subtitles -- one for the English track, and the other is the literal translation of the Japanese (since some liberties were taken in creating the English script).<br />Disney was originally going to release &quot;Mononoke Hime&quot; without the original language track, which created an outrage among anime fans (who, myself included, signed a massive internet petition which eventually turned the tide).  I applaud this decision, as well as the splendid attention to detail.  It has made this incredible movie an even better value.
6303421563|5.0|This was the movie that made me the Luc Besson fan that I am today. Up until I saw this I had never been so blown away by the camera work and artistic integrity of a film. It really is a work of art. Besson's films are always a pleasure to watch, in the short moments you are able to detach yourself from the plot you cannot help but be overwhelmed by the sheer beauty, the colour, vibrancy and overall ambience of each scene.  It is interesting to see Natalie Portman in such a strong role so young, I think she is one of very few child actors who could have pulled it off.  Jean Reno, a household name in France is just as spell-binding as the hitman with a heart and Gary Oldman is delectably evil as the bent copper. I would not change the casting for a second. Do yourself a favour and if you haven't seen this masterpiece, go now, do not walk, run to your nearest video shop and maybe you too will discover the true beauty of this film.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Wow.  I first saw Princess Mononoke during its limited theatrical release (twice).  Many people have issues with the dub, but this is by far the best dubbed anime ever to be released -- I, like most anime fans, normally insist on subtitles, but Neil Gaiman and the cast succeeded in putting real emotion into these characters.  The casting of Billy Bob Thornton and Claire Danes might rub some ears the wrong way, but in my opinion the emotional impact is still there regardless of the odd accents.  In any case, the Japanese track is included, and it's phenomenal.  As for its content, most arguments about its violence and length can be dismissed by viewing it as a film, rather than as a cartoon.  It's not Disney.  The plot is a complex and delicate exercise in shades of gray.  Don't expect Akira or Macross either -- it's really not of the same genre.<br />The video and audio quality is the sort that you would use to show off your new home theater system.  In fact, I found the Japanese soundtrack to be richer and better dynamically balanced than the English track (!).  Disney/Miramax really took advantage of the format by including BOTH the Japanese and English opening titles and credits -- they are automatically selected depending on your choice of language via an angle switch.  Transparent and ingenious.  There are two sets of subtitles -- one for the English track, and the other is the literal translation of the Japanese (since some liberties were taken in creating the English script).<br />Disney was originally going to release &quot;Mononoke Hime&quot; without the original language track, which created an outrage among anime fans (who, myself included, signed a massive internet petition which eventually turned the tide).  I applaud this decision, as well as the splendid attention to detail.  It has made this incredible movie an even better value.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|I've Watched Scary Movie Several Times At The Theatres And Even On VHS So When I Recently Purchased A DVD-ROM I Thought Why Not Buy Scary Movie On DVD. What Seemed Like A Great Idea Turned Out To Be A Nightmare....Something Is Universally Wrong With These DVDs, When It Splashes The FBI WARNING Screen It Rather Stays There For About 15 Minutes Or Just Crashes All Together, By Trading DVDs Several Times And Reading Other Reviews Here It Turns Out That I'm Not The Only One Having This Problem. So Basically What I'm Saying Is Scary Movie Is A Must Buy And Must See But Save Yourself The Pain And Agony, Buy It On VHS.....
0321012542|5.0|There are very few books that are essential for one's personal library, but this book qualifies.  One can argue the point, but you are pretty safe in saying that Shakespeare is the great writer of all-time.  This collection of his works is magnificently edited by David Bevington.  If you've never read anything by Shakespeare or read and re-read him a million times, you shouldn't be without this anthology.
0380713802|2.0|Whenever I need something to read before I fall asleep, I reach for one of Mr. Bryson's book.  Since I travel a lot, people assume I love travel literature, and give me his ridiculous books as &quot;going away gifts.&quot;  This particular book, &quot;Neither here nor there&quot; certainly doesn't buck the trend of under-educated, under-informed, boring slop.  Although I don't doubt that Mr. Bryson has traveled in Europe, his use of standard cliches has the ring of someone afraid to leave his front door, in case he might have to eat something with which he is not familiar.  He pretends to know the political and cultural history of every country he visits - therefore allowing him to make the rudest and ugliest jokes...but what can we expect from an American afterall?
B00004THAY|5.0|Excellant I recommend Riding with the King 2-3-4-etc.
0060930187|5.0|I hate reading, and usually have to be forced to read for school, but when I sat down with the Bell Jar, I read the first 150 pages in three days! The way that the author presents her stories and situations, not only do you get a detailed understanding of what she is going through, but you start to wonder what is ACTUALLY wrong with her. You come to a point when you don't consider her crazy, but you look at her as misunderstood! I love this book, and I wish that it had never ended! I know that everyone will love it, boys, girls, young, and old! This book should be read by all, although not through school, at some time or another! WOW!!
B00000IAU3|4.0|Well a little help from Roswell and Eminem is really good. Dido should have stood out on her own and though it took a while for the buying public to take to her music, it's catching on rite now especially with Stan by Eminem being released. While u hear Eminem sampling parts of Thank You by Dido, the original is poignant song. The song was also featured on Gwyneath Paltrow's Slidin Doors years ago. Other faves include Honestly Ok and the bonus track Take My Hand. Dido sometimes sounds like Sarah McLachlan and exudes the same quality too. But she holds well on er own, no less. Excellent debut waiting to be discovered, more!
B000051VWW|4.0|After an 8 year hiatus Sade returns with their fifth CD Lovers rock, a CD brings Sade into the 21 century. I have waited with baited brerath for the realese of a new sade album. lovers rock is the answer I have been wating for, and while it's not the old Sade (is it a crime, love is stronger than pride) it's more like the new Sade. (No ordinary love, kiss of life) Lovers Rockis different from love deluxe in that it has a reggae feel to it. in fact Lovers rock is a particular type of reggea music. Lovers Rock starts off with the lead single By your side, which isn't one of my favorites on LR. By your side soungs good but isn't the classic first single i've come to expect from Sade. Lovers rock really gets going with the next two tracks Flow and King of Sorrow. Flow is a sweet track in which you really hear that voice. Her voice and the drum track seem to go together seamlesly. King of Sorrow is accentuated with an acoustic guitar that backs Adu's vocals the two are a perfect matches  giving the song  an urgencey of a sorrow filled lover telling you their tale. Other standout songs on Lovers rock is the melancholic Somebody already broke my heart which seems to almost finalize that she is beyond her love is stronger than pride is it a crime days, All about our love , every word and  my favorite track the hypnotic title track Lovers Rock. This isn't her best album, I'd say love deluxe is but it's still a great album. Welcome back Sade, it's nice to have you back.
B00003CXA6|3.0|Gettysburg is one of my all time favorite movies, but not on DVD. Too many scenes have been edited out of the video tape version. If you want to see the best and most complete Gettysburg get the video.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Como expected an exciting film about a stylish Ferarri thief living on the edge.  What he got was a trailer-park yarn about a broken man who has to ask his haggard mommy for permission to steal cars for the purpose of rescuing his boozing knucklehead brother from an evil foreigner.  Given that all the over-rated action of the film is premised on the salvation of this little crook, the plot was stupid to the point of insult.  Finally, just as the film doesn't like foreign people, it doesn't like foreign cars.  For the most part, the only engine that tacks above idle is a pre-Pinto Ford Mustang.  I guess it remains for someone else to bring the aestheticism of exotic sports cars to the screen.  But that's Como!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I've listen to it all the time and I'm still not sick of it.  If you like Sarah McLachlan you will love Dido.  Enjoy.
B000050XEI|4.0|For me, the excitement of a new Enya release is that I am sure I will get the familiar, cerebral, melodic and intoxicating mixture of sounds I have loved since 1990.  And this album does not disappoint -- it is all here.  Enya's lush self-orchestrated trademark sound soars in another collection of Gaelic delights, moody piano pieces and sad vocals.  Not as thrilling melodically as some her other efforts, but if you love Enya, you will love this record.
B000002B2X|5.0|i got this when it first came out years ago and have always loved it. kind of hard to find so buy online. miles better than jar of flies. a really amazing mini-ep. songs are slow, so if you are looking for some hard-rocking look elsewhere.
B000000W5L|5.0|Many critics, especially post 80's critiques, call this the finest Stones album of all time.  As a huge Stones fan who possesses almost every Stones lp and has weathered their many ups (sticky fingers, beggars banquet, some girls, etc) and many downs (dirty work, steel wheels, etc), I don't buy into current thinking that this is the greatest stones album of all time.  That said, Exile On Main Street is far and away the finest demonstration of the band's breadth of talent and diversity of musical influences.  Exile is disjointed, but with the advantage of 30 years inspection and introspection of this album, it holds up extremely well and truly reflects the heart, sould, and raw talent of the greatest rock and roll band in the world.
6302752337|4.0|This is a true classic.  The movie starts so slowly that I was afraid I was going to drop off to sleep.  The commune breaks things up a bit, but the fun only really starts when Jack Nicholson joins the club.  Truly, Nicholson is one of the greatest actors ever.  From Terms of Endearment to Batman, Nicholson makes almost any movie worth watching.  Same here.  <br />Many scenes are laugh out loud funny.  I was rolling on the floor laughing during the exchage about aliens.  The drug trips are interesting.  The music is a huge part of the culture and so it is in the movie. <br />To tell more would be to ruin the greaetest moments in the film.  It is worth watching.  I should say that there is some nudity, but no language if you are interested.
6303014100|4.0|I was a big fan of Michael Shaara's The Killer Angels, the book this movie was based on, and I was impressed with the movie. It was faithful to the book, to its credit, and the acting is also good. It also has a very realistic feel, you feel you are right there in the action. The characters are very well developed. It is a bit long, but it is a brilliant film.
B00000IFP6|5.0|Zinman's recordings of the First through the Eighth are just awesome. He blows away the competition, and the Swiss orchestra are so fabulous and enthusiastic. The balance of strings and woodwinds is optimal, and this new, more accurate edition of Beethoven's symphonies includes some sections that are missing from the older, outdated edition. For example, a lovely oboe section in the 5th symphony. And the slightly faster tempos are much more satisfying and far more electrifying. The warm digital sound is superb, and the orchestral details in these recordings are simply unsurpassed. Don't waste your money on other sets, this is the one to get. I can't believe Arte Nova is selling them at such a low price. This set is worth ten times its current price. In summary, for 1-8 Zinman is clearly my first choice. For the 9th, however, I still prefer Karajan for the orchestral portion and either Solti or Bohm for the finale.
B0000508U6|5.0|There are a few albums that the only way you can really review it is by telling people to try it.  Every song from the first track to the last will take you to another world.  It has a Neil Young with a Jeff Buckley feel kind to it.  The stand out tracks are &quot;Yellow&quot;, which is already getting some airplay here in the US, &quot;Trouble&quot;... just simply a beautiful song, &quot;Sparks&quot;... a very touching/emotional song, and &quot;Shiver&quot; which is a little more upbeat while keeping their sound intact.  I've seen people calling these guys too depressing... but it's not the case.  It's a softer brit rock but it has a lot of feeling to it.  It's a must try if you like Travis, Doves, Radiohead, or Jeff Buckley.  And yet with all the comparisons that have been made... they have a very unique sound to them.
0064407667|5.0|When three childrens parents die in a fire at their big manshion, the children must stay with blustering Count Olaf who seems nice at first, but beware!, because Count Olaf is a greedy sicspisios man that is a old fool with a big brain trying hard to get the poor orphans forchain.
0140284087|3.0|Carry On, Jeeves is my first P.G. Wodehouse work I've read and, overall, I am not particularly impressed.  This collection of short stories about a rich young man, his valet (Jeeves), and his equally rich (and hapless) buddies.  Jeeves is the savior to his rich employer whenever called to rescue him (and his friends) from some silly calamity.  The stories are contrived and seem cast from the same mold, the setting is the hopelessly obscene upper-class 1920s society of New York and England (where no one works and everyone seems dependent on financial handout by some rich aunt/uncle), and one has to wonder why a clever domestic servant such as Jeeves puts up with such blithering ninnies.<br />Having said all this, there are some clever comedic moments which  are generally derived by the clever delivery of quips by Jeeves.  One can have a pleasurable time reading Carry On, Jeeves.  However it is little more than junk food for the brain, and much of this P.G. Wodehouse material has not aged well.
0060254920|5.0|I had somehow forgotten about this treasure until I worked at a family run bookstore for a few years. It was when cleaning the children's book section that I re-discovered this little marvel. How much do I like this book? How can you tell I love this book, it's simple story-telling and wonderful illustrations? The answer is simple. For the bookstore's annual Halloween party, I went as Max. It takes a special book to get a twenty-year old kid to ask his mom to make him a Max costume. Also takes a special mom. It's not very often that books like this come along, and they should be treasured, and most importantly, shared. Buy this book, read it to your kids, your nieces, nephews, grandkids, or read it for yourself. But don't get to thinking that my mom will make a costume for you too...
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is the greatest ever(hey jude, she loves you, ticket to ride, let it be, ect,ect,ect), and I must really question the cognitive stability of anybody that can give this one or two stars. This deserves a thousand stars, and is on its way to becoming the biggest seller of all time!
B00004XONN|5.0|I read a review where the guy said this disc was overrated. Said he didn't like it at all, then went on to name half the songs on it as songs he loved. Go figure. This CD is great, period. People say it takes a few listens to like it, maybe so... but that's because we are confused. We don't know how to really appreciate what Radiohead is giving us until that 2nd or 3rd listen. This CD is a masterpiece, just like the 3 before it. Keep rocking it out Radiohead, never give us the same thing twice like GreenDay and Limp Bizkit where every song sounds like the one before it. Radiohead is the best band of all time, hands down.
B000002UAX|5.0|Sorry, but comparing beggers banquet to the beatles white album is like comparing a skateboard to a rolls royce(maybe thats why I am on my 7th or 8th copy of the white album since 68, but my one copy of beggers banquet is still like new!).What more can be said? This album is legendary for a reason, and is highly recomended!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|27 of The Beatles' number one songs on just one CD- truly amazing. This Cd is truly fabulous and brings good songs to the old fans and a new generation of lovers like me. This CD will be truly enjoyed by all. This will make a great gift. With songs like Help, I Want to Hold Your Hand, and Yellow Submarine, this is awesome. Buy this gem and enjoy will all of your might. <br />happy listening and happy holidays.
B00004ZDVQ|5.0|Between the strict hitmaking machinery of Motown between 1963-1971,and his MOR 80's and beyond,are these historical recordings from 1972's Music Of My Mind,through 1980's Hotter Than July.Musiquarium focuses strictly on the hits(Superstition,...Sunshine..,Sir Duke,etc)as well as include four new songs,three of which are now regarded as Wonder classics(That Girl,Ribbon In The Sky and Do I Do).Unfortunately,Stevie's gift for making music of this calibre has dissipated,but Misiquarium is a great intro for anyone who thinks his best songs includes I Just Called To Say I Love You,and other 80's songs.The newly Remastered CD is also an essential purchase,especially in light of the previous pressing which is sonically inferior considering that Stevie digitally remastered the old tracks when compiling Musiquarium in '82.
B000051VWW|4.0|&quot; By Your Side&quot;: The most basic back to the roots of &quot; Sade &quot;. Great combination of &quot; Latin American, Folk, and  contemp.  Jazz &quot;.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have been reading the reviews for this album, and I have no clue how you could possibly but these gods with crap like limp bizkit and korn.  This is totally different, RHCP have something any new rap metal doesn't... talent.  Keep on putting out the great music guys.
B00003CXE7|4.0|THIS WAS A GOODER MOVIE. I LIKE THIS MOVIE CAUSE IT WAS GOODER THEN TITANIC. I'M SERIOUS ABOUT THAT TOO. IT HAS A GOODER MESSAGE THAT YOU SHOULD NOT HURT ANIMALS CAUSE THEY LOVE PEOPLE TOO. I LIKED THIS MOVIE BUT ONE THING SCARED ME TOO MUCH TO WATCH IT MORE THEN ONE TIMES. I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT THEY WERE SAYING ALL THE TIMES. I SPEAK ENGLISH BUT I COULDN'T FOLLOW WHAT THEY WERE SAYING ALL THE TIMES. I LIKED THE GOODER SCENERY BECAUSE IT DIDN'T HAVE ALOT OF BLACK IN IT. I'M NOT EVEN JOKING ABOUT THAT EITHER. EVERYONE SHOULD SEE THIS MOVIE FOR THE MESSAGE OF PEACE AND GOOD TIMES.
0671034065|4.0|This book is a very entertaining novel of humor, romance, and suspense. The characters all seem very real, and its easy to identify with them. Jaine is a great heroine- very smart and funny. Sam is H-O-T HOT!!!!! The kitchen scene is one of the best in the whole book. I recommend reading the book just for that scene, lol. Seriously, though, Sam and Jaine's romance moves very quickly from them despising each other to marriage. I found it a little hard to believe that they were in love so soon, but I'd find it hard not to fall in love with a guy like Sam. Read this book if for no reason but to get to know Sam Donovan, I promise you won't be sorry.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|When I went to see Requiem for a Dream, my friends and I were about five minutes late.  Therefore, when we entered the theater, the first thing we heard was &quot;Summer Overture&quot;.  I remember thinking to myself, &quot;Man, this movie is going to be disturbing.&quot;  And so it was.<br />This soundtrack is, by far, the most poignant, beautiful, absolutely terrifying score I've ever heard.  Make sure you've got your wits about you if you're going to listen to it, or it will eat you alive.  Just to psych myself out, I listened to &quot;Summer Overture&quot; and &quot;Dreams&quot; while driving on a badly lighted street at night.  Then I turned my headlights off.  I got so scared that I nearly crashed into a tree.  This soundtrack is dangerous!  It gets in my dreams.  It makes me feel like I've experienced things that I've never experienced.  I never thought a conga could be so utterly frightening.  Watch out.
0783235607|5.0|This is probably one of the most SUSPENSFUL movies ever made!  Alfred Hitchcock's direction is ingenius- he is truly a master at his craft. But beside that, this film all boils down to: Anthony Perkins as Norman Bates.  I have a book that states: &quot;every other role Anthony Perkins plays seems to be haunted by Norman Bates..&quot; simply because he was born to play this role and is so excellent at it!  The best part of this movie is NOT the shower scene but the ending monolouge which &quot;mother&quot; speaks her side of the story.  If you want to watch this movie because you want a nice shocking horror film- do not watch this movie!  This is not a horror film, it is a SUSPENSE film.   Please, by all means, straighten that out in your mind.  This is a great movie, the direction, acting, plot...it's all fabu! WATCH IT!
B000050FEN|5.0|This is an almost-perfect DVD.  Great added features, crystal-clear picture, INCREDIBLE sound.  This is another DVD that belongs in everyone's collection.  It's a testament to David Fincher's ability and dedication as a director that he realizes the job's not done once the film is released in theatres.  More directors should put as much time and love into their films as Fincher does.<br />As a film, Se7en is astounding.  One of the best, grittiest, darkest films ever made.  Pitt, Freeman and Spacey are all teriffic here; some of the best performances I've seen from ANY actors.  And David Fincher hit his stride as a director with this film.  He has raised the bar for other directors for years to come.
078401115X|5.0|i cant forget this movie, so imaginative, so haunting...this is truly a modern day classic, and if u havent seen it, or havent seen it in a while, be sure to check it out! u wont regret it. alan parker is pure genius.
B000001Y5J|5.0|What's the best way to describe Broken? Hmm, the terms ear-blistering, hate-filled, and brain-bending first come to mind. It's basically, every  With Broken, Reznor offers you a taste of his world, and there's no turining back. Quite frankly, after listening to Broken, I'm afraid to find out what his world's like. Broken is the loudest and hardest CD I own. From the opening track Pinion, which is the best NIN opener to date, to the closing Suck, which is a hidden track, is pure NIN. My favorites are wish and last.  There's only six songs, plus two that are hidden. The two hidden songs are worth mentioning, including Suck, and Reznor's cover of Adam Ant's Physical (Reznor does excellent covers, like Dead Souls and Get Down Make Love). But I also love the instrumental, Help Me I Am In Hell, which would make a great theme song if Satan himself were to participate in the WWF. This is a great CD for people to experience NIN, especially if you were put off by the length of The Fragile or The Downward Spiral. Also, at $10, this CD is definately worth the price.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Killer album.Ironic for me to say that, since I don't listen to rap music. But this will be an exception. Standout cuts are<br />PSA 2000 &amp; Kill You--nice album opener<br />Stan--I think we have all heard this one enough to know what it's about.<br />The Way I Am--Slim's way of saying he's a normal human being, too.<br />Marshall Mathers--Tells the truth about those teeny-bopper bands.<br />Criminal--Loved the preacher impersonation  &quot;Please Lord this boy needs Jesus&quot;<br />Kim--Not for everybody. Dark and brutal, and also the best track.
B000000WA4|5.0|It sickens me that people buy crap from bands like The Backstreet Boys and NSYNC (which aren't even real bands!), and when good bands like the Smashing Pumpkins break up, and everyone complains that there's no good music to listen to. Anyway, now that I've gotten this off of my chest, Mellon Collie is one of the most musically interesting albums I own. This could probably compare to the Beatles' White Album in that each has a wide variety of music. I like the fact that Corgan and Co. put so much variety in each song that almost no two SP songs sound exactly alike. While this is one album where you'll almost never get bored listening to, you'll need a good two hours to listen to the whole thing. Almost every song on the first disc is good. I think the Smashing Pumpkins are at their best when they play the heavier songs like Bullet With Butterfly Wings, XYU, and my favorite on the CD, Zero. However, some of the experiments that they try on this CD are good, such as the pop-influenced 1979, or the eerily calm, string-influenced Tonight Tonight, and the excellent piano and violin intro. If you want to experience one of the best bands of the last 10 years, this is a good place to start.
0425107469|5.0|Watchers&#34; is a great story to be read.  Dean Koontz has a superlative genius for depicting scenes with constant and subtle increase of tension. With very tiny elements, a normal engagement, turns into a hair-raising situation.   The dog-human relationship is very dearly and shows a deep penetration of the author on canine psyche. Every dog-lover person will be seduced by the mutated Golden Retriever that is righteously named Einstein.  Even the hideous Outsider has its attractive traits.  It looks like every reader will be satisfied the book contains romance, horror, adventure, fantasy, thrill, monster, wonder-dog, psycho-killer, dogged cop, whatever. The whole story is very neatly tied up and keep you running chapter after chapter until the end.    It is a book that may be enjoyed by thrillers fans and general public too. Reviewed by Max Yofre.
B000002A3T|5.0|My favorite floyd album, and i own them all. Why, The Division Bell, because it is lyrically up their with DSOTM as well as musically. But in some ways probably better though. Gilmours guitar solos are spine tingling and lyrics are unmatched. I owned this album many years before i relized what these words he was speaking really meant, and trust me, if you have ever been in a serious relationship you will probably relate to this album. I listen to it at least twice a day. 5 stars out 5, it ROCKS!
B000000W5P|5.0|Some Girls is the last album on which the Stones manage to get their act together for a full set and make good on their self-proclaimed status as greatest rock outfit in the world. Devoid of the filler that has become a staple of recent albums, Some Girls is the perfect distillation of the late '70s vibe, in which punk, rock and even disco, all vied for commercial and/or critical supremacy. In vintage Stones' fashion, Mick and Keith employed all the styles and more, to create a stunningly diverse, yet cohesive record. Apart from the fact that most of the songs are in the same key, Some Girls never stays in one place for very long. The striding disco of 'Miss You' quickly gives way to straight-ahead rock of 'When the whip comes down' which then moves to the soul classic 'Imagination.' However, the best is definitely saved for last. 'Beast of Burden' to this day remains a slow rock standard, while the unashamedly sleazy 'Shattered' shows the lads mugging and jibing at their best. Recorded in the prime of Richards' heroin addiction and topped off with a classic cover and sleeve, Some Girls sublimely documents the turbulent environment in which it was conceived.
B000053VAF|5.0|This is not &quot;The Ten Commandments&quot;, this is a movie by the guy who made Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy.  If you are expecting some epic religious picture and seeking enlightenment, go elsewhere.  If instead you are looking for a highly entertaining picture with some great dialogue and smart, yet juvenile humor, you are in the right place.  And if you are a true fan, this is the DVD to get, just look at the extras!  Deleted scenes, 3 commentaries - Kevin Smith works hard to let his fans into his movie making process, and he always does a great job.  A great addition to any collection.
B00004ZAV3|2.0|Of course, several things can, and will, be said about this cd. Such as: &quot;Are these songs the best the Beatles ever recorded?&quot;No, where are &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot;, &quot;For No One&quot;, &quot;Twist and Shout&quot;, &quot;Long Tall Sally&quot;, &quot;Happiness Is a Warm Gun&quot;, &quot;A Day in The Life&quot;, &quot;If i Fell&quot; &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;, &quot;Nowhwere Man&quot; , &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;, &quot;Here There and Everywhere&quot; and, last but not least, &quot;I Am The Walrus&quot;. Or a question, such as &quot;Is it a good idea collecting only No.1 hits?&quot; No, the issue of being No.1 is ambigious and leaves out say, No.2 hits, which says nothing about the quality of a song. &quot;Isnt it a shame John Lennon is highly underrepresented on this disc&quot;Its not only a shame it is also tasteless.<br />But lets stick to the music, and its merits, on this cd. In other words, does this cd keep you at the edge of your seat from track 1 to 27? The answer: Not not really.<br />The first 10 tracks range from ok tot excellent. &quot;Love Me Do&quot;, &quot;From Me to You&quot;, &quot;She Loves You&quot; are ok, but can nevertheless be listened to may times without getting irritating. &quot;Cant buy me Love&quot;, &quot;A Hard Days Night&quot;, &quot;I Feel Fine&quot;, &quot;Ticket to Ride&quot;, &quot;I Wanna Hold Your Hand&quot; and &quot;Help!&quot; are excellent, classics which stand up to any song the beatles recordered. The songs slip into each other naturally and form a good sequence.<br />Then however, caught off your your guard, things arent getting better. You hear a certain track called &quot;Yesterday&quot;, a somewhat cheap, sentimental, corny, cliche-lovesong. Luckily it gets followed by one of the Beatles best singles: Daytripper/We Can Work It Out. &quot;Paperback Writer&quot;, &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane&quot; are great too, but the order Eleanor Rigby/Penny Lane doesnt work, it should be Strawberry Fields/Penny Lane. The rest of the songs till track 20 are somewhat mediocre, shamefully commercial, and in no way innovative pop songs: &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot;, &quot;All You Need is Love&quot;,&quot;Lady Madonna&quot; will bore you after a few listens and will be skipped.<br />The last 7 songs also show some lack of risk-taking from the Beatles: all are commercially responsible, almost tradionational, professional hits. &quot;Hey Jude&quot; and &quot;Let It Be&quot;, two of McCartneys best known sentimental lets-all-sing-along- tearjerkers, are excellent for warehouses and elevators. &quot;Ballad Of John and Yoko&quot; is Lennon at his most uninspired (&quot;Cold Turkey&quot; would have been a much better choice as Beatles-single). &quot;Come Together&quot; and &quot;Something&quot; are good songs, though  too slickly produced.<br />About the remastering: sure remastered songs usually makes songs sound better, and give you a new view at the recording of the  song. But it is however, more curious for one or two listens, than that it really sheds a new light at a song: &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; remains a throwaway.<br />Conclusion: an entertaining first ten tracks, but after that it gets unspired too often. Good introduction cd? No, the blue and red album are far better, because they show the development of the band better, and the sequence of the songs is more natural, but this cd is cheaper though, so maybe...
0440234743|2.0|John Grisham is master of the fast paced, all action thriller, or so I thought.  But somewhere among the line he has undergone a transformation.  Starting with 'The Street Lawyer' he became pedestrian.  Why does he now insist on writing books with non-existent plots?  I thought it might just be a one off, but with 'The Testament' it has become a regular feature.  In his defense he is a competent writer and the opening of this book is impressive.  It's just that after the opening, it falls off a cliff.<br />Please, Mr Grisham, if you read this, address the problem.
B00004Z4WR|2.0|YA I BOUGHT THIS DVD THINKING ITS WAS GONNA BE TYHE BOMB BUT IT WASENT ALOT OF ACTION,NOPLOT,BUT IF YOURE IN TO 5.1 IT HAS KILLER DIDIGTAL SURROUND SOUND BUT THATS ABOUT IT TO PHONY HAS NO PLOT I THINK IT WAS A JOKE DONT WASTE YOURE MONEY ON THIS ONE
B000003N8R|3.0|First off, don't see my 3 stars and think badly of this recording. Rather than rate and compare one cd to all other cds I compare cds to other cd's by the same or similar artists. 5 stars being essential, 4 stars being great, and 3 stars being good with off-and-on greatness.<br /><br />To a certain extent I do consider this to be an essential recording because WISE ONE and LONNIE'S LAMENT are two of Coltrane's most affecting ballad melodies. As a whole album though I really cannot say that this is equal with the truly essential (from the first note to the last note) Coltrane recordings such as MEDITATIONS, SUN SHIP, etc...<br /><br />I guess what I am really saying is this... if you are looking to make your first Coltrane purchase I would point you to other cds before this one, but if you are an established fan of Coltrane then you need to add this cd to your collection, though only really for WISE ONE, LONNIE'S LAMENT, and THE DRUM THING.
0393317552|2.0|A little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but a little knowledge and a lot of bias is a very dangerous thing.  Mr Diamond takes some solid scientific facts and some intuitive analysis and then extrapolates this to ridiculous lengths to reach a politiclly correct view of history.  His basic premise is that the natural availability of both high protein cereals and herd and draft animals gave certain societies a competitive advantage. Jared extrapolates this to explain every feature of human history.  His consistent message is that all peoples everywhere in history were not just equal, but identical, and that the European settlers of the western hemisphere were the evil and undeserving benefactors of a natural bounty of grain and goats.  In his fervor to be anti-Western and anti-European, he completely neglects to apply his theory to such civilizations as the ancient Chinese, the Zulus, and the marvel of the Islamic empire at its' height.  His views on epidemics, invention and other areas are interesting but they move steadily away from the facts and his comments become more editorial than analytical.  The closing, in which he contradicts his own theory that we are all identical by extolling the natural virtues and implied superiority of the people of New Guinea, is a fitting end to this jaundiced view of human history.
6302767741|4.0|I like that everyone has some positive comment about this movie and I love that many of the supportive comments come from americans .Its somehow gratifying that on such a diet of mindless sitcoms and soulless blockbusters some of our american cousins can still discern between quality vs quantity. Naive of me I know but there you are. Peters Friends is by no means the most talented ensemble of actors ever cast but it is up there in the top ten. The synopsis of the story has been retold many times so I need not belabor the point except to add that this was an exceptionally good film that deserved better than what the critics gave it...hire it out today.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt's 'Angela's Ashes' comes at a time when literature needs it. Stuck in a time when unique voices are hard to find in the millions of books published every year, McCourt brings us a story told only the way he can tell it. As we follow Frank's childhood from 3 to 19, his language and worldly eye grow as well, allowing the reader to witness his growing up. Perhaps even more amazing is the growth of young Frankie as a human. I know that his words profoundly affected me and made me look at my lifestyle. Living in middle class America is quite different than mid-century Limerick, and it made me look at what I have and appreciate it more. Read this novel (get past the first chapter--it's tough but the good stuff will come) and live in someone else's shoes for awhile. It may do something to change the way you live your life...
B00004T37H|5.0|This is not like any Japanese animated movie or any other animated film.  It is not a lost adventure like Pokemon, neither is it a classic cutesy by Disney or Dreamworks.  This is a film that quickly caught my eyes and ears because of its rare beauty and incredibly poignant feelings(I love anything that is poignant and this film is no exception).  I was quickly captured by the story of a young warrior cursed by a demon god.  The demon itself was cursed by anger and hatred it held towards the destructive humans.  The animal gods and the humans fought many wars against each other, but their hatred only brought destruction to themselves.  There also was the forest spirit who brought both life and death, and could give life to some, but death to others.  The whole story I found to be gripping and thrilling.  The curse, that evil hating curse that could eat people and animals alive.  The conflict between man and beast that did not have to happen.  The wolf girl, San, also known as Princess Mononoke, who was neither wolf or human.  And the mysterious forest god of life and death, pain and relief.  One thing that distinguishes this move from others is that no one is a good guy or a bad guy.  Just about every person has good and evil in them, but hate and anger can infest and destroy anyone.  I have never known of a more captivating movie.  The animation was beautiful and not over done, but very simple and artistic.  The gore and violence is hard to stomache, but it brings more poignant feelings to the viewer.  The music is also very beautiful and ethereal(some might say it sounds very &quot;Enya-like&quot;).  There is absolutely no reason why you should not see this movie.  If you think, &quot;oh, it's just an ordinary Japanese movie&quot;, or &quot;Oh, it's not as great as it sounds&quot;, you're wrong!  This is one of the greatest films I have ever seen.  If you do not see this movie,you are missing out on a lot.
B000003TBP|5.0|Unbelievable. Beck just splices together apparently every genre of music that exists and goes nuts. From country (&quot;Lord Only Knows&quot;) to hip-hop (&quot;High 5 (Rock The Catskills)&quot;) to punk (&quot;Minus&quot;), everything here is grounded in some genre but changes the formula up a lot. Most impressive of all, though, is the fact that the songwriting doesn't suffer. Everything on the album is catchy and well-written. If any complaints can be given, it's that th Dust Brothers didn't make as good an album as &quot;Paul's Boutique&quot;. But then again, picking on an album for not being as good as &quot;Paul's Boutique&quot; is like criticizing a painting for not equaling the Mona Lisa. One of the 90's most creative albums.
B00004XQP4|4.0|I'd have to say that this CD is probably the best one they've put out because of its diversity in style. Some songs are punk (castaway), some are slow (macy's day parade) and then some are just unique (misery). My favorite would definitely have to be Macy's Day Parade. Although I love the others as well! This CD is deifinetly worth the money. (buy it!)
B00004SCX6|4.0|Yeah, you probably think you're too cool to listen to this CD. So did I. But the problem is that a lot of the songs are so addictive that you can't get them out of your head. Sure, the ballads suck, but then again the upbeat pop numbers will stick to your brain and never ever leave. Just accept this as your guilty pleasure of the year, grit your teeth, and buy it. And if you're one of those &quot;alternative&quot; kids who hates Britney on principle, here's my advice: cheer up, get a sense of humor, make friends, lose the Dave Matthews, and buy this CD. You won't be alone: I've seen this CD in between Slayer and Pantera, and stashed in plenty of punk rockers' cars. So just lighten up and buy it. It'll be right there next to Social Distortion and Sasha in my CD collection.
6300216047|4.0|Queen of cheese, fantastically beautiful and inviting, Jane Fonda keeps this camp classic at the top. Rocky, as in Horror Picture Show, even with its trendy, then and now?, bi-sexual, gender ambivilant, homosexual theme eventually becomes flaccid. Jane's sexuality holds, she's the girl males fantasized about when she made the movie, and barbarella still stirs the imagination.<br />First pubic hair display by a leading actress, at least a leading box office actress.<br />The movie is so utterly cheesey that it nicely puts Austin Powers in the boring and rather stupid than camp or cheesey category. My 21 year old son made that comment.<br />It's a lot of fun, so if you like cheese, a beautiful scantily clad woman, and an absurd story line, this one is definitely worth a look.
0060196122|5.0|Think about your life! Veronika, a young woman, wants to die. She swallows sleeping pills, but didn't die. She got to a mental hospital. She was told to live only for five days or a week. Still she wanted to die. But after some time she learned to show her feelings and began to enjoy her life. She didn't have to worry about what she did, because soon she would die. She realised that it also need a certain &quot;madness&quot; to live. She began to fight for her future and fell in love with a man. If you read the book you would think about your own life and it gives your more courage to live your own life.
B00004RFCM|3.0|The series is fun and provocative, not for the faint at heart!  The complete first season is on the dvd set including the first episode which seems to be more of a pilot (?). You can really see how the series got better, as they fazed out the awkwardness of Carrie talking directly into the camera during her reflection moments instead of voice over.<br />The keepsake box is very attractive. But if you are buying this on dvd for higher quality with the picture, save your money. There is still a lot of grain. I was very dissapointed with the quality of the dvd.<br />As for the special features, there really isn't much. Apparently there is an interactive section, but you have to be running Windows 95 + to use it, which I am not. Another dissapointment.<br />Still the series is definitely highly enjoyable and you can easily find yourself watching all 12 episodes in a row. The series itself, wonderful! The DVD, a little bit of a let down.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie has the three ingredients that are required for success in the new milennium: spectacular digital effects, strong actors and an excellent plot.  Russell Crowe brings his character to life, move over Bruce Willis, Russel Crowe is the new action hero.  The movie begins with a larger than life introduction to the main characters, then the plot evolves very slowly until Maximus (Crowe) begins retaking his life.  The climactic end is frosting on the cake, and the digital effects bring Rome to life.
B000003TA4|4.0|THIS GROUP WERE VERY POPULAR DURING THE &quot;GRUNGE CRAZE&quot; BACK IN THE EARLY 90'S. ALONG WITH ALICE IN CHAINS, SOUNDGARDEN AND PEARL JAM THESE GUYS MADE THEIR MARK IN ALTNATIVE MUSIC, TOO BAD IT DIDN'T LAST LONG. THE LATE KURT COBAIN'S SCEECHING VOCALS WITH LYRICS YOU COULDEN'T UNDERSTAND HALF THE TIME STILL MADE AN IMPACT ON THE YOUTH AT THAT TIME. MY FAVERITE SONGS FROM THIS REALEASE ARE &quot;IN BLOOM&quot;, &quot;STAY AWAY&quot;, &quot;LITUIUM&quot;, AND OF COURSE THE ONE SONG THAT MADE NIRVANNA A HOUSEHOLD NAME &quot;SMELLS LIKE TEEN SPRIT&quot; MANY BANDS HAVE TRIED TO INMATATE THE STYLE AND SOUND OF NIRVANNA BUT SOMEHOW IT NEVER DID WORK.
B000050FEN|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever made.  The plot is rock solid and moves forward at a pace that keeps the viewer guessing, however slow enough to keep the viewer wondering.  Morgan Freeman delivers an excellent prerformance as the calm cop looking to retirement.  His performance is an excellent contrast to Brad Pitt's strong preformance of an over zealous detective looking to establish a reputation in his new environment.  Kevin Spacey brings the manipuative John Doe to life.  No collection is complete without this one.
6302424887|3.0|This is a good adaptation of a Shakesperian play. I just finished reading it in my English class, and we watched this video in class, also. It had good acting, especially the woman who played Lady Macbeth. However, this film had gratuitous nudity (which I didn't see...my teacher covered up the TV during those scenes), and the violence was very graphic (of course, my teacher had no problem with that...kinda ironic). All in all, it's a good movie, that I could watch again.
B00000I8NC|4.0|GYBE are basically a neo-progressive band and thus they tend to be a bit too pretentious...  but I don't care a fig whether they pose as indie snobs as long as their music is this good. This EP consists of two &quot;suites&quot; (the term &quot;track&quot; or, worse, &quot;song&quot; is definitely inapplicable), both of wich build up terribly slowly, so slowly that in fact after a while you'll end up wishing they adopted a faster pace but that, again, brings us back to the pretentiousness business. The instrumentals are wonderful, sometimes they have an epic flavour, other times they're both soothing and evoking. Well, needless to say, this is music that shouldn't be listened to before 8 PM, you wouldn't get in the mood otherwise... if you love ambient pop and post-rock you can't definitely miss this release (also try their latest effort) !<br />P.S. Try something by Rachel's, the Dirty Three and Silver Mount Zion.
0451450523|5.0|This is another early favorite of mine but I think that it was the animated movie (available on VHS) that I originally fell in love with. The book is just as good (possibly better!) than the movie (it's been a while). I loved unicorn's when I was young and this book makes you believe in magic and the possibility that unicorns really did exist. I really want the import CD too because the music brings back those wonderful memories as well.
B000002LBH|5.0|Words can hardly express what Louder Than Bombs is, or what it does, or what it means to me. When life has become nearly unliveable for me, Louder Than Bombs becomes my best friend, my shoulder to cry on. This album is a gut-wrenching catharsis that helps you cleanse your soul with tears.<br />This is the most hauntingly beautiful music I have ever heard, and probably the most important album in my life.
B000002KHH|5.0|If you only own one CD this one should be the one. From &quot;War Pigs&quot; to &quot;Fairies wear Boots&quot;, this is the ultimate metal album and 30 years later this is nothing heavier. Of course &quot;Iron Man&quot;, &quot;Paranoid&quot; and &quot;War Pigs&quot; are here, as well as the powerful &quot;Planet Caravan&quot;, but the other tracks are just as good. &quot;Electric Funeral&quot; is evil and menacing. &quot;Rat Salad&quot; is short ditty leading to the groove-filled &quot;Fairies wear boots&quot;. On a personal note, &quot;Hand of Doom&quot; is one of my favorite Sabbath songs and is so heavy that you're head will ache and your ears will tingle.  Black Sabbath is truly the most important band in the history of heavy metal and &quot;Paranoid&quot; is their most essential work.
B00004XQP4|4.0|I have never been a particularly big &quot;Green Day&quot; fan. I listen to the radio so of course I've heard all their singles. &quot;When I Come Around,&quot; &quot;Hitchin' a Ride,&quot; Time of Your Life&quot;, I like them all. Unfortunately everytime I turned on a Green Day album expecting to hear songs like the singles I soon realized that I had been deceived. In most cases I find the groups usual power chord punk style tiring and nowhere up to scratch with any of the singles.<br />So, &quot;Minority&quot; comes on the radio and it immediatly grabbed me by the scruff of the collar. Even if you don't like it you will find yourself singing it inadvertantly. The lyrics are silly, a ridiculous attempt at a political call to arms that is best left to Rage Against the Machine. Anytime that a song has a celtic stomp and uses an accordian you know you can't take lyrics like &quot;down with the moral majority&quot; too seriously. Still, is this really the point of the album? No, it becomes abundantly clear the minute this record is turned on that it is here to entertain.<br />Opener and second single &quot;Warning&quot; is arguably the best song here. It seems that Billie Joe has been listening to his 1960's &quot;British Invasion&quot; albums because this song, like several others, seems to be apeing the Kinks. Play the Kinks &quot;Picture Book&quot; right after hearing this one and you will discover alarming similarities. Still, this is poppy and exuberant, a definite winner. Like &quot;Minority&quot; Billie uses &quot;the sheep in the flock&quot; style of writing to try and insight some kind of rebellion. In &quot;Warning&quot; you can be a rebel or you can &quot;shut-up and be a victim of authority.&quot; I really doubt Green Day are going to be insighting riots in the streets with this one. Maybe if they were not a radio friendly pop group now signed to a major label these lines would be a bit more appropriate.<br />&quot;Warning&quot; chugs along in fine style. &quot;Chrurch on Sunday&quot; and &quot;Blood, Sex and Booze&quot; are delicious rockers. Track 6 &quot;Misery&quot; sounds like some bloated song set for use in a Leslie Nielson Mafia flick and it's total crap but that is just a minor setback. &quot;Jackass&quot;, a definite single rips off the Kinks &quot;Well Respected Man&quot; perfectly and is all the better for it.<br />This is Green Day's pop album and it is a lot of fun. The songs are fun and clearly Green Day are still light years ahead than dismal low-brow groups like &quot;Blink 182.&quot; If you want fun buy this one, if you want to fall asleep while trying to be smart go buy &quot;Kid A.&quot;
B000002H6C|5.0|'And Justice For All&quot; is not only my favorite Metallica album but also one of my all-time favorites. The songs are longer and more progressive than on &quot;Puppets&quot; or &quot;Lightning&quot;, but yet more focused and even tighter. Throughout the album's nine tracks and some 60+ minutes there isn't one bad riff or part. Every song is great-excellent and the lyrics are probably Hetfield's smartest and most well-thoughout to date.  Another overlooked factor of this album is the melody. This is probably the most melodic and catchy album Metallica had wrote to this point. Yet still, there is not as much as a glimpse of commercial sounding material throughout the opus.  Metallica's most brutal and yet most concise recording is &quot;And Justice For All&quot;. If you like any Metallica song you've ever heard and you don't own this, what are you waiting for? This is an essential purchase.
0385484518|5.0|I passed this on to my son immediately upon finishing it.  There is a tremendous amount of wisdom packed into this small book.
B00000JGHM|5.0|One of the best movies of all time.  Gritty, well written, and superbly acted.  Action scenes are great, and who can beat that cast?  What a cast!! As well as Kilmer, DeNiro and Pachino, there are awesome performances by Dennis Haysbert (one of my favorites), Ashley Judd (yummy), Tom Sizemore, Hank Azaria, Jeremy Piven, Amy Brenneman, Jon Voight, Natalie Portman,  and even Henry Rollins &amp; Tone Loc!!  A must see.
B000001GPX|4.0|I have this recording and have tried so many times to &quot;get into&quot; the hype, but I can't ever seem to do it.  Sure the tempos are good, playing impeccable, but it seems to be lacking in that last element of &quot;over the top&quot; intensity.  Compare to Rene Leibowitz's most compelling account with Beecham's late Royal Philharmonic, and I think some may see what I mean.
0553213105|4.0|Though I have heard much praise of Jane Austen, this is the first time I've actually sat down and read one of her books.  I was impressed.  Though the plot would seem shallow now (it centers around marriages); then that was central to most women's hopes and desires.  Besides the plot, the characters are amusing and Elizabeth is finely drawn.  She is very self-confidant and will not allow others to look down on her for her ill upbringing.  I don't believe men would enjoy this book, because the male figure is not drawn very realistically.  I seriously doubt that all men thought or talked about were marriage and love.  Walter Raleigh phrased it correctly by saying that &quot;Austen's men wouldn't be allowed in any club in England!&quot;.  I didn't find it to be at all boring, rather, a page-turner to see how everything was going to turn out (though in the end it became predictable).  The formal language is confusing at times, but provides a bit more color with it's detail. Though many parts of the book are obviously contrived, and I feel as if Austen is trying a little too hard to invoke emotion within me, in many ways the book is ahead of it's time, and for that, it is commendable to be certain.
B00003CXE7|5.0|After just recently seeing this film I couldn't wait for it to release on dvd/vhs.. Its spectacular. Many of my friends and family had loved the amazing tail of Maximus and his journey to reek revenge on Commodus. With superb acting and outrageous battle seens I would have to recommend this film to people of all ages. Its definitely one of the best films of 2000.
0451526295|5.0|Mansfield Park was a novel written by Jane Austen in 1814.  Although it was not as popular as Pride and Prejudice, it is still regarded as the profoundest novel Austen had written.<br />The setting of the novel was in the nineteenth century world of the gentry, as revealed through the eyes of Fanny Price. As she was a \\"poor relation\\" of the wealthy Bertram family, Fanny was invited to live with them in their family estate, Mansfield Park. Through Fanny's insight, the admirable but corrupted world of the upper class was seen. At first, Fanny was seen as an inferior person to everyone except Edmund, a cousin whom she befriended. Later, the Bertrams realized that Fanny \\"was useful\\" (p. 331)  She held a secret affection for Edmund, and it remained unrequited until the end of the novel. Through narratives and detailed scenes, the novel was able to evolve into a beautiful Victorian \\"Cinderella\\" tale. In general, Mansfield Park was well-developed, and contained numerous descriptive passages. However, there were some minor demerits to the style and presentation of the novel.<br />The chief fault found within the novel was the way the characters were portrayed. They were two-dimensional in that the characters seemed to be categorized into specific stereotypes. For example, the character of Henry Crawford was portrayed as a promiscuous young man who had no thoughts for others; Mrs Norris, an aunt of Fanny's, was seen as an unbearably condescending woman who belittled Fanny and trampled on her dignity. On the other end of the spectrum, Fanny became the heroine of the novel with her virtuous ways: \\"she had never played [card] game[s] nor seen it played in her life\\" (p.171) Although Jane Austen tried to alter their images near the end of the novel, it became increasingly hard to picture the characters as real human beings. Another flaw was that: compared to the entire novel, the denouement was too abrupt. This can be seen in the altered personality of Edmund Bertram.  Throughoutthe novel, he remained faithful to his \\"infatuation\\" with Mary Crawford. He overlooked her imperfections, but that seemed reasonable, as he appeared to be quite fond of her. Yet, in the last few paragraphs of Mansfield Park, he changed his mind and decided that it was actually Fanny who had gained his affection: \\"Edmund did cease to care about Miss Crawford, and became as anxious to marry Fanny, a Fanny herself could desire.\\" (p. 338) Edmund was never seen as one who has a fickle mind. Therefore, this sudden change of heart in him might befuddle the reader. Another unsuspecting transformation was Tom Bertram, heir of Mansfield Park. He was depicted as a \\"careless and extravagant\\" young man, and was a \\"source of much uneasiness to his father, Sir Thomas\\" (p.17). Yet, he was converted in the end: he did not regain \\"the thoughtlessness and selfishness of his previous habits\\". (p. 332) Instead of the abrupt finale of the novel, the ending should have been much longer in order to resolve the various complicated elements of the plot, with the use of the stylistic grace of the first two-thirds of the novel. This uneven execution set back the novel, when it had the potential to be a nineteenth century classic.<br />As opposed to the demerits, many worthy aspects could be seen in the novel. A variety of narrative styles could be found, such as the use of the author's and protagonist's point of views. In addition, the use of letters as a means to reveal the plot played an important role in Mansfield Park: the climax of the novel was revealed through letters. Another note-worthy facet was that the theme of morality permeated through the entire novel. Because this long novel had a copious amount of events occurring, a common theme would be able to weave the story together. Jane Austen was thus successful in creating a unified novel using the theme. As well, the plot was extremely interesting, and it was able to engage the reader's attention.<br />A significant aspect of the novel was the topic of religion. The Anglican church and its ministries were discussed several times in the course of the novel: Edmund Bertram was ordained in spite of Ms. Crawford's insistence that a career as a clergyman was uninteresting and unworthy of Edmund. Ordination was stressed, probably because of the fact that Austen had a large number of relations and friends in Holy Orders: her father and two of her brothers were clergymen, and her sister was engaged to a clergyman. Another reason why the topic was emphasized was that Jane Austen wanted to use it as a spiritual dimension to the novel. She also used it to add a sense of moral righteousness to the main characters (Fanny and Edmund).<br />Mansfield Park was intended to be a didactic novel, with its characters representing virtue and impiety. However, the storyline was compelling enough for the reader to overlook the heavy tone of the book. Thus, Jane Austen was able to create a light atmosphere in the novel, allowing modern readers to appreciate her arguably \\"best work\\" by far.
B000007MVX|4.0|That is how long it had been since I heard this recording, before purchasing it again several weeks ago. After a number of listens in those weeks, I've found (not surprisingly) that I appreciate it more than when I was 17, though I am more critical of its weaknesses.    Now that I hear \\"A Passion Play\\" unaided by THC <g> I realize that it is less seamless than I though at first. I hear at least six distinct \\"songs\\" now, not counting the linking instrumental material. That really doesn't bother me, as (save for the rather annoyingly goofy opening dance) all of that material is of very high quality. The lyrics read even better than they sing, unusual for any music. I never before appreciated how good a writer Ian Anderson is, and how much deeper yet strangely more direct his lyrics on \\"A Passion Play\\" are when compared with others of this period. I doubt I could listen to \\"Close to the Edge\\" today without snickering, but this gives me chills.    While the band is very good, parts are better than others. It amazes me now that I could have been so impressed in the mid-70s with Keith Emerson's and Rick Wakeman's flatulent keyboard histrionics while at the same time dismissing John Evan's work on this recording. He matches them in technique, and beats them hands down in taste and musicality. Barriemore Barlow stands out as well, despite the rather emasculated drum sound at some points.    The disappointing parts, though, rest with Ian Anderson and Martin Barre. While I admire Anderson's ability to play saxaphone and flute, his playing is merely adequate instead of really good or exciting. And, there's so damn much of it! His acoustic guitar work is fine as always; I've never understood why his limited flute playing is so lauded while his always-excellent acoustic guitar playing is often ignored. Barre, one of the most creative and supportive electric guitar players in this style of music, capable of real grit as well as fluidity, plays too much support here and is never really given a chance to drive anything home.    Finally, Ian Anderson's vocals were a revelation for me during these listenings. I've always loved the tone and warmth of his voice. Much of that is here, but his singing on some parts of this recording instead sounds forced and weak. I suspect that he wrote some of this music a bit out of his range, and also that for whatever reason (bad studio set-up, fatigue) he felt he had to try to sing over the top of the band. That's strange, because when I saw Tull live I was impressed with how carefully his voice was miced so that he did not have to shout.      Not even the disappointments reduce the pleasure or the accomplishment of this recording, however. It's a great achievement, and fully deserves renewed devotion after all these years.
0399146253|2.0|Poor Kay Scarpetta, she is viciously attacked in her home by a homicidal werewolf, and somehow she gets blamed for the death of another victim Diane Bray, the lesbian top cop who had crusaded to get Kay. This book might be better titled Black Notice Part 2.<br />The plot is convoluted and contrived. Its actual resolution turns on the assumption that you can become an ATF agent, without undergoing a background check, and that Lucy wears body armor. <br />Other meaningless plot devices include a large breasted New York special prosecutor who has Kay recreate the Bray murder all the while she is engaged to bring Kay before a special grand jury. Kay's friend Anna, the psychiatrist is revealed to have not one but two secret pasts-her father hosted SS troops in their Austrian castle within site of a death camp, but her entire family were really Jewish!<br />Of course it all comes out well in the end, justice prevails and the bad guys are on the run - all the better for Black Notice Part III
B00003CX8J|4.0|If you love the comics you will enjoy this live action not over done or cheesed great acting and great special effects
B000002HH9|4.0|ok so let this be the definitive word on WMS (oh i don't really mean that, wot, but lighten up you goons):  all you gotta do is look at the credits, mon:  a different studio hotshot worked his jiggery-pokery on mixing each track--hence wild mood swings, from clubby to classy to corny to a cornucopia of echoes on Smith's voice and guitars. it was an experiment... that kinda/sorta failed.  but ya know, they're pretty brave... and i sold this back to the store (sacriledge!) and bought it again and i be bloody glad i did.  it just takes a little understanding... of ART, ya nimskulls. hahahahahahahahahaha
B00003CXE7|5.0|In the run with some of the classics this one is not to be missed
0140282033|4.0|I think I would never have red this book, but a friend recommended it. And suddenly I was caught in the story about Vianne Rocher, a woman who has been traveling for all her life, first with her mother and now with her daughter. When she arrives at Lansquenet, a small French village, she thinks this time she might stay. She opens a chocolate boutique, not only opposite of the church but also at the beginning of lent so that the priest sees her as a danger and starts to fight her. This war divides the village into two groups: a group that follows the priest (&quot;Church not Chocolate&quot;) and a group that visits the chocolate boutique regularly not only to buy sweets but also to seek advice from Vianne instead of turning to the priest. Realizing that he is loosing his influence the priest sees only one way to win his flock back: he has to destroy the chocolate Vianne offers. But even for him it is not easy to resist all the sweets she made for Easter Sunday...<br />The moment I started this book I loved it. You always get the two sides of the story: the story from Vianne's and from the priest's point of view. And It is not only a story about chocolate, it is also about the fears and problems the people from Lansquenet have and how some of them develop as soon as they follow Vianne's advice, even if this means to break with traditions. What I didn't like were a few mistake like writing the wrong name for a German meal or the insulin shot in the crook of the elbow which would have killed a woman in reality but in the book it saves her life. And the story is too realistic to say that it is a story where everything is possible. But if you can read over these mistakes I am sure you will enjoy it!
0140441409|4.0|I only gave the book four stars because it is so exclusively, so impermeably Stoic.-There are other viewpoints.-But, as a Stoic handbook it rates a 5+.  It is a comfort to be reminded that, &quot;..life is a warfare and a stranger's sojourn&quot; when existence, as so often, seems unbearable. Marcus Aurelius reminds us that things have always been such, that at least we are not alone.
6304913176|5.0|The graphics are great and the movie is thrilling.  Yes, this movie is nothing like the novel.  The novel focuses more on boot camp, while the movie focuses more on the battles.  The movie shows one man's struggle to make the right choices.  Some scenes, I feel, could have been toned down or cut out.  It, also, is in the future when almost everything, but clothing, has changed and you earn your citizenship by joining the military.  Some scenes can get graphic or depressing, so if you are squeemish or get depressed easily, you might want to be cautious about these scenes.  Overall, I liked the movie, and if you decide to buy or rent it, I hope you enjoy it too.
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna's new album, MUSIC, is a mixed bag full of techno and folksy goodies. I cannot  say i hate one entire  song here, except, Impressive Instant DOES get on my nerves heavily ;) My favorite song here are: Runaway Lover, Don't tell me &lt;LOVE IT! and so do my friends! &gt;, paradise, and gone--oh my gawd--gone is to die for!. im so happy dont tell me will be released as a domestic single in the USA..:) :) :) Madonna scores again--it's as if anything she does is bound to be great :) please pick this up--it has something for everyone :) love ya bellas and beaux! --gabriel ;)
6305810109|2.0|it is conceivable that you will like this movie, though the only way i can imagine that happening is if you a) love lynch; b) are prepared to love anything he puts out; and c) know ahead of time that this is a lynch movie.  besides that, i found very little redemption in this movie, after seeing all the rave reviews.  Sissy is good, yes, but she plays a marginal role--generally we see the road, the man, and his machine.  with background music of course, which dominates the entire film--largely because nothing else is going on.  the dialogue seems trite, sometimes beyond corny, and the best thing about the movie is that the long lost brother ends up being stanton.  besides that, if you are prepared for a movie in which 2/3's of your time will be spent looking at the broken yellow lines of the highway, as well as a man sitting on a lawn mower looking straight ahead, then you at least know what's in store.
0440234743|4.0|Starts out a little unbeleivable, but after a few chapters it was difficult to but down!  Great read.  Loved seeing the burnt out lawyer get turned around.  Actually like the fact that the missionary was not perfect, but human.  One of my top fiction books!
B0000507R0|5.0|I received my copy of this DVD a week ago. I am truly impressed. The last time I heard ELP this good was when I purchased my 200g vinyl MFSL versions of Tarkus &amp; Trilogy. DVD Audio is the way to go and must be taken seriously by the record companies. The remix was incredible. Playback on my DVD Video was not a problem and the awesome sound quality makes me wonder - Do I really need a DVD Audio Player?
B00004R99M|5.0|This is by far my favorite Disney movie ever.  The music is unforgettable and the acting is funny and excellent.  The plot is magical and the script is charming and heart-warming.  It is a great children's film and it is a picture that really touches you and pulls you in.  Some images are beautiful and elegant, like the haunting &quot;Feed the Birds&quot; sequence and the roof smoke climbing.  It is funny and has great ironic humor like the bank scene and the scene when Mr. Banks is being laid off as the employers puzzle at his crazy realization.  MARY POPPINS is a great movie for everyone and is a classic movie for everyone to enjoy.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie is by far one of the best movies you will ever see.You have to have an open mind, and if you like movies with a twist, this movie is for you.The movie starts out very slow, the first time i saw it i thought it was goin to be stupid, but after the entire movie was over i was astonished.And definetly after you watch it over again you begin to see things that make more sense.Brad Pitt and Edward Norton definetly work well together on this movie.There is also some comedy in this movie and quotes that you will be sayin over and over.Again, this is one of the best movies i have ever seen,hands down.
B00000DQSV|5.0|OK, the era of the skinny white ties and globe-trotting videos was over by 1986 for the most part. Guitarist Andy Taylor jumps ship for a place where he can crank up the chords (I guess that place was the \\"American Anthem\\" soundtrack... who knew?) and Drummer Roger Taylor surrendered to exhaustion. So now you essentially have the moody Duranies of Arcadia (Nick Rhodes and Simon Le Bon) with funk and rock bassist John Taylor.     The smartest thing they did here to reinvent their sound was to bring the excellent Nile Rodgers in as producer. He took their best set of songs and provided a sophisticated, mature sound that borrowed heavily from Avalon-era Roxy Music and Tin Drum-era Japan to make what I have always considered to be their best album, period.    The songs are just dead on. No clunkers in the bunch. \\"Notorious\\" kicks things up from the start with a funk frenzied pop love fest and surges into the very Roxy-like \\"American Science.\\" \\"Skin Trade\\" is an intellectual and seductive masterpiece far and away beyond anything the band had ever produced to that point (even I would admit that \\"Come Undone\\" one ups \\"Skin Trade,\\" but that's six years later).    \\"A Matter of Feeling\\" is one of their best ballads, bar none. The true blueprint for \\"Ordinary World.\\" \\"You have a couple of rockers in \\"Hold Me\\" and \\"Proposition\\" and more funky pop like \\"Vertigo\\" and \\"So Misled.\\" \\"Meet El Presidente\\" is a great lost Duran track. One of the best written songs lyrically ever written by Mr. Le Bon. Brilliant! And \\"Winter Marches On\\" could be called filler, but really it's something of an Arcadia-like track. Dreamy and beautiful.    As you can tell, I love this album. I think this is the place to start for anyone looking into Duran Duran reguardless of its lack of big time hits. Here is where you know that Duran Duran are not merely a footnote in the pop music of the 1980s. They are true artistic perveyors of popular music. Absolutely stunning album! It's a crime it is sort of a forgetten gem in their catalog.
B00004Y2FT|5.0|Forget the strange looks your peers and family give you when you pop in a Cocteau Twins disc.  This is the kind of music that is for your gratification only.  There's no point of reference for their music.  Thats why its impossible to date their music to a time period or associate them to a musical movement.  Although they've influenced artists like Sarah McLachlan, the Cranberries, Sixpence None the Richer, Mazzy Star, Lush,The Sundays, et al.   Angelic and acrobatic vocalizing by Liz and spacey and original guitar work by Robin Guthrie.  For me only Johnny Marr of the Smiths and John Squier of the Stone Roses approaches their guitars in such a melodic and original way.  Their music may be electronic but there is no trace of harshness.  Instead their music feels organic as if sprouting from the murk of primeval soup.  Not even acoustic music feels so connected to earth, space, and beyond like the Cocteau Twins.  Why is their sound so unique?  Its because they've managed to break free from the bonds of the musical continuum of their predecessors and peers.  In the same way punk and reggae did back in the 70's.
0385486804|5.0|Into The Wild is a touching story, comprised of Krakauer's search for the truth amidst the life of Chris McCandless. Krakauer weaves in and out of Chris's lifelong quest for the truth by giving personal experiences along with tales of a history of people who have traveled on a journey similar to McCandless'. While peicing together the events leading up to Chris' demise, the book introduces the reader to the kind of person Chris might have been and the people whose lives he's touched. You never can get inside the boy's head, which makes the book almost too intriguing. I've never heard of anyone who just suddenly vanishes from a well-established life, burns all his money, leaves his family and precious car, in order to lead the life of a vagabond. Throughout the book, Krakauer's take on Chris and his mental state becomes obvious. You as the reader must decide this for yourself, however. I have come to agree with Krakauer, that Chris was not crazy, merely so bent on finding the truth in a world so intent on hiding it, that it killed him. Crazy or not, one must admire this man, for he took a chance and lived his life the way he wanted to, freed himself of society and it's buffers. This book is at times slow, but it's the kind of book that you think about a long time after you've read it, for the story is that of man and his instincts against society.
B00004XOWM|5.0|limp bizkit gets even better with this cd.  All of the songs are great but my faves are hot dog,my generation,rollin(air raid vehicle)and take a look around.  The bonus cd with run dmc is also way cool.  All those who say limp are pop music and that Fred is whining on this record can just kiss my a**.  Limp bizkit is one of the greatest bands of all time.
0671570439|5.0|The only science fiction novel by a prominent astronomer who was the late twentieth century's foremost popularizer of science was bound to be something special, and Carl Sagan's &quot;Contact&quot; certainly is.  No other science fiction novel is quite like it in its thrilling realism; one can easily believe that a sequence of events similar to that in the book could begin taking place tomorrow.  The book is filled with a plethora of wonderful plot twists, fascinating details of scientific fact and speculation, and unexpected bits of characterization that only Sagan could have thought to include.  Sagan, who apparently considered himself a &quot;spiritual agnostic,&quot; explored religious as well as scientific issues in this work, and the result is arguably heretical if seen from a traditional religious standpoint -- but not heretical in the specific way a reader might initially expect.  Indeed, the story's climactic twist makes &quot;Contact&quot; into a twentieth-century equivalent of &quot;Paradise Lost&quot; -- a work which, while subtly heretical, is one of the most awe-inspiringly religious books ever written.<br />Jodie Foster's reading of &quot;Contact&quot; on this recording is absolutely superb.  She differentiates between the voices of all the characters and her own voice as narrator -- even her voice for Ellie Arroway, the character she played in the movie of &quot;Contact,&quot; is a subtly more energetic and characterful version of her normal voice.  Foster also employs about seven different accents (counting her usual American accent) in the course of the recording, moving effortlessly from one to another when characters from several different countries have conversations.  At one point, when Sagan's text describes a character as having an almost (but not quite) non-existent Russian accent, Foster even manages to produce exactly that!  She also evokes all the varying moods of the story, conveying Sagan's sense of awe and wonder at the beauty and majesty of the universe.  Foster's performance on this recording is probably the best reading of a book which I have ever heard.<br />I listened to this recording over several nights, and was in suspense from one night to the next, wondering what would happen next.  This superb example of the intelligence and artistry of Carl Sagan and Jodie Foster is highly recommended.  Six out of five stars.
0790729628|3.0|Blade Runner is one of the finest sci-fi films ever released in it's 1982 form.  The Director's cut is a poor second to the original I have the original now on laserdisc which is the only way to go until Ridley changes his mind.
6305499365|2.0|office space has nothing to do with space.space office is a comedy about a person who has a boring life with a boreing job &quot;only does 15 minutes of hard work a week&quot; when he goes to see a counciler, the counciler hipnites him an dies, which mostly means for the rest of his life he will start to become much more happey, he decides with two friends of his to do a frowd on his disturberd boss who keeps on saying &quot;yeaaa&quot; when the frowd goes wrong they begin to have a problem. has many funny scenes in the movie and has very little boreing scenes in it.
B000005ZGZ|5.0|At other sites they get some useless reviewer to put in &quot;moderate&quot; this and &quot;mediocre&quot; that about this album.  UBL's site review for example only likes the more hard edged stuff.  Fugazi cant do anything else??? i think so.  sorry didnt mean to moan but you HAVE to hear this album.  theres only a maximum of 1000 words and that isnt even close to getting my point halfway across.
B00003CWL6|5.0|An amazing, powerful movie.  One of the best I have ever seen.<br />It is fascinating to read the many reviews of this movie, especially the negative ones. To those people I say that this movie is like a mirror depicting American life (Alan Ball himself has said as much.)  Those who didn't like the movie didn't like what they saw in the mirror.  They're going to dislike this statement even more (Why??).  I especially like the reviewer who said that the movie had an underlying, subversive Buddhist theme.  I agree that the movie contains many ideas supported by Buddhist doctrine, but why is that subversive?  I would say more generally that the movie encompasses ideas contained in general eastern philosophy (Buddhism, Taoism, Hinduism.)<br />What is this movie about?  If it is about a dysfunctional American family, then 2001: A Space Odyssey is about some guys who take a trip to Jupiter.  How about this for a theme:<br />1.)  Life is suffering 2.)  The cause of all suffering is desire<br />Lester Burnham undergoes a process throughout the movie.  This process might be called spiritual awakening or enlightenment. He begins to recognize the transitory nature of everything that he thought was &quot;important,&quot; including his own life.  Very subversive ideas!<br />Do you want to live your life with denial, repression and illusion?  Or with awareness?  Wake up all you Lester's out there!  (easier said than done, I know!)
B00003CXIY|3.0|Let me begin by saying that this is a good movie, with a huge amount of laughs intact.  I was a huge fan of the theatrical release and saw it twice with yes, good intentions.  The DvD itself does not have a whole lot of extras, but the deleted scenes are very amusing.  They easily bring up the question, &quot;Why werent these included in the theatrical version?&quot;.  Some of the deleted scenes are side splittingly funny, some just strange.  Either way, they are enjoyable.  The transfer is not the absolute best in the world, but it is good for our non-pesamistic dvd viewers. The &quot;Unrated&quot; classification for the movie makes me think....there really not that much different from the movie than from the theatrical.  Still good though.<br />So, if you liked the movie, definately pick it up.  It will sit right next to American Pie in your collection nicely.
B000028U0Y|5.0|My father got this album when I was a kid and I've never forgotten it.  The most electrifying moment of the album for me is the opening number, &quot;Folsom Prison Blues.&quot;  Johnny sings the maybe the meanest line in all of music--&quot;I shot a man in Reno, just to watch him die&quot; and suddenly a solitary prisoner lets out a defiant, appreciative &quot;whooo&quot; just before the rest of the prisoners go berzerk.  You can tell immediately that Johnny Cash is saying exactly what many of those prisoners are thinking.  You can almost picture the guards nervously fingering their batons and guns, thinking that a riot is going to break out right then and there.  And, strangely enough, the listener at home is transported right into Folsom Prison and you actually feel a kinship with the prisoners that you never felt before.  I can't think of any performer other than Johnny Cash who can evoke that sort of feeling.
B0000032LS|5.0|One of my favourite albums of all time. How can anyone not smile while listening to this? Anyone who loves the movie just has to have this album. As brilliant as the movie is, no-one wants to sit and watch it every day, but with this cd, you can relive the music at any time and never get enough. It is silly, daft, nonsensical, wacky and absolutely brilliant. It is one of those soundtracks that will never fade into oblivion. It is timeless. They don't make stuff like this anymore...and it's too bad.
0385493800|4.0|Reading Grisham's previous work, THE STREET LAWYER, was pure drudgery.  Reading THE TESTAMENT, on the other hand, was a wonderful antidote-- probably his best since THE FIRM.  This is the story of an eccentric billionaire, Troy Phelan,  who leaves $11 billion to a previously unknown illegimate child named Rachel Lane.  The executors of the will must find her before the estate is divided among Troy's six other children, a beastly bunch who are eagerly circling their prey waiting to pounce on it at the fastest possible change.   Nate O'Riley, a lawyer battling his own personal demons, is dispatched to find her in the jungles of Brazil.  Nate finds her, in the netherworld of the Amazon.   He presses to sign the papers and take the money.  She wants no part of it.  A devout Christion, she is content taking care of her flock, an obscure Indian tribe.   Nate is smitten by her.  He respects her for her courage, and wished that he could be the same.  This is book about personal discovery as well as about the evil culture of lawyers.  This book had a great ending, I thought.  It wasn't a Hollywood one, that's for sure.  This is a great great.  I highly recommend it.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I was listening to this in my car and although i did notice some differences I still found this cd to be excellent.  I was skeptical when I first started listening &quot;Misery&quot; but after a while I could stand it.  Besides maybe a few songs on the cd it is great and I could listen to it many times.  Owning every cd except the first the sound kind of went back to &quot;Kerplunk&quot; because the sound is a little softer and the cussing went down.  I recomend this cd to any one who is a fan or who just likes good music
0060277246|5.0|This story starts out in London, but the four kids were then force to move to the heart of the country due to air-raids.  This story also takes place called &quot;Narnia,&quot; which is like a fantasy land.  <br /> I have not read a book similar to this at all.  This book is amazing because of its' creative caracters and events.  I really enjoyed reading this book because everything was perfectly arranged in this book.  This book has a queen that ruled Narnia, and she was evil.  No one liked her, her name is White Witch.  She has no respect for anyone but herself, she say bad things to people, for an example on page 29.  She said &quot;I see you are an idiot, whatever else you may be.&quot;  The characters in Narnia are partly animal of some kind, or they may be a dwarf.  <br />I would recommend this book to anyone.  There is nothing wrong with this book and it should be known forever.
B00004U2GH|5.0|I enjoy this performance by Mr. Johnny Cash at the maximum security prison, San Quentin.  It is recorded well; the performances have a sense of urgency, and the notes give historical background of this moment.  Mr Cash brings a strength of conviction in an honest performance.  His determination to provide these inmates with a solid show is displayed as he continues even with a hoarse throat.  He welcomes everyone, and alienates none.  He does criticise the institution of San Quentin, but never the people of San Quentin, neither inmate nor guard, who both share the same place.  Albeit, one for residence and the other for employment.   Mr Cash introduces a new song, entitled &quot;San Quentin&quot;.  After he sings it once, the men give an ovation, and demand to hear it, again.  He complies.   I don't know how receptive these guards and inmates were to Mr Cash' religious songs, even so, they showed courtesy in rapt attention.  Mr Merle Haggard, in the notes, explains that this performance gave to him a ray of hope, as an inmate.  This hope he culled into a changed life.  Mr Johnny Cash deserves credit for allowing himself to be a container of that hope for Mr Haggard.  If you are interested in excellent live performances, Mr Johnny Cash, or in an honest expression of a person's spiritual beliefs, this CD will interest you.
B00003CXE7|2.0|For the Gladiator enthusiast, this DVD set does it proud, supplying almost everything you could desire in a collector's edition. It's a pity that the movie itself does not deliver. The production values are gorgeous, but the storyline is so thin that its straightforward unfolding contains no surprises, and in essence the movie devotes its more than two hours of running time to a story of just three characters.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|I gave this movie 5 stars just to spite everyone.  But I have a major problem with the violence.  It is terrible.  And I think that the acting is so horrible.  You want good acting, then watch the Rescuers Down Under, which is the greatest movie ever.  This one is for the gutter!  ROCKSTEDDY!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I have all the Beatles' albums on CD AND vinyl.  And I've read several of the reviews here containing complaints about &quot;1&quot; not being the &quot;true album experience&quot; or folks saying &quot;the original 'mono' format sounds better.&quot;  Although the former criticism has merit, the latter criticism is, in my opinion, totally lacking merit.  These songs sounds MUCH better remasterd on this new CD.  For example, anyone who ever heard the original version of &quot;Daytripper&quot; knows that you could never hear the guitar and vocals together.  It was always one or the other.  &quot;Daytripper&quot; sounds GREAT on this CD.  The remastered version of &quot;Let it be,&quot; likewise, is terrific.  It truly has the &quot;church-like&quot; quality that was intended.  Yes, its true, if you want the Beatles' &quot;album experience&quot; you need to go buy Abbey Road or Sgt. Peppers and listen to it from start to finish, but &quot;1&quot; is a great CD with great remastering and stereo quality.
B00002DEIX|5.0|Joshua Redman's music has truly been an inspiration.  He is one of the sole reasons that I LOVE and listen to jazz and this CD is a testimonial to the AWE that is J. Redman.
B00004XOWM|3.0|The reason why a gave 3 stars is because the music is great, with better lyrics it could have been more. It seems to me that Fred got out of inspiration on this one, because their really are some ridiculous songs on this CD. He even sings how many time he says the famous f-word in the song he is singing. Other pretty dumb songs are My Generation and Rollin'. This last song is now shown on MTV, and yes, the video is even more ridiculous. Luckily for LB, their music is pretty enegetic and powerful, which kinda compensates for the lyrics.
B000050FEN|5.0|After having seen Se7en in its theatrical release back in 1995, I had forgotten how truly great this film was. The Platinum Edition, with alternative endings, commentary et al. is well worth the (money) for the 2 disc set. Standout performances include Brad Pitt,whose acting chops far outweigh his pretty boy image. Morgan Freeman is stellar, playing it close to the cuff. A particularly neat touch on the DVD is all of the seven deadlies indexed for your convenience.
0385484518|5.0|This is a wonderful, simply written book. Buy this book to bring comfort to the dying and to those tending to them.  It's about an inspirational man who has ALS.  He shares the experience of dying to prepare us all for it, so that we can go through it with as much grace as he does, and so that we live our lives more fully while we still have our health.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Too many older songs. Would like their later songs on cd.
B00000K19E|5.0|An intense plot, incredible music, extraordinary acting and stunning visuals are combined to create one of the most impressive science fiction movies out there. While the visuals are, for lack of a better word, simply awesome, the reason this movie was so popular was because of the philosophical plot. You only really start to understand the great number of metaphors the second time through (unless, of course, someone spoiled the main plot prior to your first viewing). As juvenile as it seems, the action scenes themselves are so impressive that even if a decent story was lacking from the movie (which is most certainly not true) it would still be worth a viewing. The amazing soundtracks add so much to the intense, suspense filled movie. And all of this has not even come close to scratching the surface. This Matrix will leave anyone in awe.
6304806426|5.0|This movie was perfect in every way...engaging story, cinematography, performances, and score. All of these elements created a perfect movie. This movie kept me interested to the very end. Ralph Fiennes did a wonderful job with his performance, as did everyone else in this beautiful film. I did not notice that the film dragged at all. I was taken in by every moment. I feel that this picture deserved every Oscar that it won. A film like this is very rare. People need to appreciate it for what it is. The many people who have bashed this film obviously missed the whole point. They need to give it a second viewing, and watch it with an open mind. This is definitly a must-see, and I am glad that I own it. This movie defines &quot;art&quot; in every sense of the word, and it needs to be seen. Highly recommended!
6305903182|2.0|Let's face it, Scream was never really a horror series, it was always a satire of its own genre.  The first one was able to be a satire and be its own genre at the same time.  Scream 2 failed at this, and 3 followed right in 2's footsteps.  Scream 3 follows the same formula, with the same boring characters(who are duller than ever I might add, Cox looks bad).  I don't want to give away the plot, as it might make the movie sound even worse than it already is in this review.  The only reason I bought the Scream 3 DVD was because I am trying to get every Craven film, and the DVD was around the same price as the VHS.  It also looked like it had some nice features.  Boy was I dissapointed.  The only thing good about the movie is the sound, but it still doesn't make any of the scenes scary.  Picture quality is alright for the movie, but when it comes to the features, forget about it.  The outtaks, the deleted scenes, the original ending, they are all presented in very crappy quality film that looks like someone filmed it with a video camera.  I can't really recommend Scream 3 to anyone.  Stay away, and stick with some more satisfying Craven films like People Under the Stairs.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|People may think that, true beatles fans will not buy or even appreciate this album. Because they should have collected all of their stuffs. However, I think it's wrong to judge that. Because they need to find some new fans, especiall the youth.<br /> We need such a ONE.
0790733226|2.0|Carl Sagan, the scientist, had a lot going for him. Apparently people cut Carl Sagan, the novelist, a lot of slack because of it. I can't think of any other reason that &quot;Contact&quot; wasn't resoundingly laughed out of bookstores, much less theaters. I know my friends and I were reduced to helpless tears halfway through.<br />The very notion that Jodie Foster is listening to the various frequencies that SETI is scanning for signs of extraterrestrial life is foolish enough, but then the flaws are compounded by repeated improbable meetings with priest Matthew McConaughey. Apparently, his character's dialogue with Foster's is supposed to be thought-provoking and challenging. Apparently, the screenwriters have never actually had a thought-provoking or challenging conversation.<br />The payoff to all this foolish mumbo-jumbo is a machine the alien message provides for communicating with them, followed by actual contact. Sagan boldly goes where few esteemed figures have gone before, and rips off John Varley's novel &quot;The Ophiuchi Hotline&quot; for the idea of the aliens giving out plans for an interstellar communication device. Then we get the note-for-note theft of the climax of &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey.&quot; Space turns out to be Heaven, where lonely little girls can meet aliens-shaped-like-Daddy. It was a foolish concept in &quot;2001&quot; and it doesn't smell any better second-hand.<br />I urge everyone dazzled by this film to pick up works by Arthur C. Clarke and John Varley. At the very least, you should be enjoying the (far superior) original source material, rather than regurgitated nonsense.
6304795254|5.0|I watched this movie, and did not expect what I was about to see! This movie had more twists in it than any other film that I have ever seen, and it was almost unbearably suspenseful. The end really blew me away! All I could say was, &quot;Whoa&quot;! I immediatly showed this film to my best friend, and she was equally amazed!<br />Micheal Douglas does a great job playing the rich snob who gets enrolled into &quot;the game&quot; as a birthday gift by his younger brother, played by Sean Penn. The &quot;profound life experience&quot;, as his brother calls it, takes him on a wild and dangerous journey that he will never forget, and changes him in many ways. <br />Don't want to give away anymore, so buy it, and enjoy it!
B00004RFDW|5.0|&quot;The Insider&quot; is smart, arresting film-making. The performances are just about perfect. Dante Spanotti's cinematography has a documentary feel to it. When I saw this movie, I didn't recognize Russell Crowe as Dr. Jeffery Wigand. His character was a 53-year-old tabbaco whistle-blower, with gray hair and glasses, and Crowe played him convincingly. The script is probably the high point of this movie. It knows a lot about tabbaco, TV media journalism, family, and other everyday-life things. There's real tension, dread, and accuracy in this movie. Al Pacino has done probably his best work in quite some time. As Lowell Bergman, former &quot;60 Minutes&quot; executive-producer, Al gives all the information we know or want to know about tabbaco. I saw this movie in theaters two times and watched it in widescreen on video. It looks better in widescreen because the camera is hand-held and gives the movie a documentary feel. For those who missed it in theaters, I have one piece of advice: rent it, then buy it. It's worth it.
B00004XONN|5.0|Perhaps this can never compare to that of Ok Computer, but this is a masterpiece that just explains our society in a 50 minute session.  I love everything about this album, however I do agree with some critics who ask &quot;Where are the guitars?&quot;  It's true.  Guitars are not a big part of this, and I would be extremely surprised if a Guitar Tab book ever came out for this, but  that's the true beauty of it.<br />I've listened to this album countless numbers of times, but each time, it brings another emotion to me.  The riffs of strange sounds tend to stick with you, and before you know it, everything is in your head.  When you walk around with it, you can see a new feeling in everything.  Something else will have a new meaning.  In fact, this album has changed my view of the world; it's that strong.<br />If you can purchase one album in you lifetime, this is it!
B00000K0EA|3.0|If &quot;Goldeneye&quot; was the James Bond franchise's return to greatness, Pierce Brosnan's sophomore outing as James Bond doesn't succeed nearly so well. Granted, it has the incomparable Michelle Yeoh (who's given the opportunity to show why she's a superstar in much of the world), but it's hampered by a plot straight out of the Roger Moore era.<br />The moronic set pieces in the South China Sea are bad enough -- recycling ideas that were lame in &quot;Dr. No&quot; makes it look like they weren't even trying -- but Jonathan Pryce and the increasingly irritating Teri Hatcher are arguably the worst supporting cast in Bond's decades-long history and every moment they're on screen -- or nattering over their secret lair's PA system -- is just plain painful.<br />Fortunately, Yeoh and Brosnan soldier on (wo)manfully, and their scenes, together and seperately, give &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot; what luster it still has.<br />This is a renter. Purchase up the superior &quot;Goldeneye&quot; instead, or any of the Sean Connery Bonds.
B00004XOWM|5.0|this cd is really great! i love it! i think of all their cds this one is the best! with features from xzibit, method man, redman,dmx and run dmc it makes it even better! any one whos a limp fan should get this if they dont already have it!
B00004Y62T|5.0|I saw this movie and loved it.  I am not a big horror/suspense/mystery movie type person, but i enjoyed this film tremendously.  It had style.  It did what movies are supposed to do, disturb you and make you think.  I thought that it was a hard to understand movie, it took me days until i realized the true working and meaning of the movie.  I think that anyone who just completley hated the movie should go back and re watch it.  I decided to write the review after browsing reviews and finding one with this sentance in it. &quot;Mr. Ripley is a talented, psychopathic, homosexual murderer.&quot;  The person who write this hated the movie and gave it a zero.  What this person stated is true.  Its a movie.  This is a fine piece of art.  It is disturbing and it makes you think.  Also, another wonderful thing about this film is charecter development.  Today, many movie lack that, but i found that the charecter in The Talented Mr. Ripley grow as the movie progress.  It sucks you in.  This is a faboulus movie, i recommend it to anyone and everyone.
B000051VWW|5.0|If I could give this CD 10,000 stars I would.  I have enjoyed it from the moment of my first listen.  Sade opens this disc with the sultry and simple &quot;By Your Side&quot;, which is slightly reminiscent without stepping on the territory of Annie Lennox's &quot;Whiter Shade of Pale&quot; and throws the rest of the disc towards you at full force.  There are suductive classics on here like Flow,  King of Sorrow, and Somebody Already Broke My Heart, which are three tracks you will find yourself repeating over and over.  The disc ends with Lover's Rock and the powerful It's Only Love That Gets You Through.  The last track, while not rhythmic and full of desire, is rather an anthem for all that we cherish in this life.  The song speaks of the riches of life even in the absence of material wealth....only to reveal that &quot;It's Only Love That Gets You Through&quot; as the final almost silent lullabye-esque ending to one of the most beautiful(musically and lyrically) tracks I have ever heard.  This disc is lush with its minimalism and it is wonderful that people still make music like this amazing woman does.  I have trouble understanding the negative reviews...this disc is incredible...probably the best release of the year, tied of course with Emmylou Harris' Red Dirt Girl and Dido's No Angel...
B00000K0E5|5.0|By the time &quot;Goldeneye&quot; came out, James Bond was almost dead, the life and energy drained from it by the Timothy Dalton films that substituted brains (!) for fun and adventure.<br />But with &quot;Goldeneye,&quot; the best of both worlds were merged, and we got a James Bond film for the ages. Yes, 007's role post-Cold War needs rethinking (said rethinking of Bond's persona was the best thing about the dull &quot;Living Daylights,&quot; for instance). And here he gets it: Bond's sexist and a dinosaur. But he also shows why so few people care about his faults, with sex appeal, wit and lots of great action.<br />Brosnan is bolstered in this film by having two great opponents to go up against, most notably Famke Janssen (Jean Grey in &quot;X-Men&quot;) as the over-the-top (literally) villainess Xenia Onatopp and, more importantly, a rogue MI-5 agent, 006. After years of pathetic foils (Grace Jones? What?!), Bond gets some worthy adversaries who could quite credibly off him, and not just by catching him with his pants down. (Which, admittedly, isn't all that difficult ...)<br />A lush tropical finale preceded by destruction in a major European city and one spectacular set piece after another round out the package.<br />&quot;Goldeneye&quot; is a definite buy for James Bond fans.
B00004XONN|5.0|It's hard to belive that this is the same band that released Pablo Honey (which was also a favorite of mine at the time).  With hauntingly emotional vocals and trance like synth, this album not only sucks you in, but transports you to another place.  I can't stop listening to it!
B00000K19E|3.0|The Matrix is a refreshingly different kind of film, in that it does not abide to the by-the-numbers antics of most other action flicks, which only try to dazzle a viewer with explosions and gunfire.  The Matrix does unfortunately have all of that, but there is also a backbone to the carnage.  The story is not the most original, and the Wachowski brothers seem more eager to show fight scenes (the martial arts battles ARE mind-boggling) and mayham rather than continue developing their story.  There are many visuals here that might remind some viewers of scenes from Terminator 2, Dark City, and other films as well.  In fact, The Matrix was filmed in Sydney where Dark City was, and actually re-uses some of the sets, including the giant stairs and rooftop.  The plot is somewhat similar to Dark City, but not entirely.  The Matrix isn't simply a dirivitive action movie.  The plot is entertaining, if not very original or involving.  There are two sequels on the way.  Hopefully they will continue to enrich the story and further it along instead of simply exploiting all of the ground-breaking effects which this chapter introduced, like so many movies and TV shows are doing now.  Come to think of it, do we really need the sequels?  I think the ending to this one put a lid on things nicely.
B0000025T6|5.0|Thanks to Badlands, the tribute album to Nebraska, I went out and bought this cd. Put this cd up against any albums that comes out today and I guarantee you that Nebraska will remain standing on top. Although the music is acoustic, the lyrics and musicianship is pure raw and hard-hitting. I can understand now the creation of the tribute album to Nebraska. There really isn't any album out there that as the same emotional impact that Nebraska has, nor influential either.
B000000WF0|5.0|The best of the best. The verve is definitly in the music textbook of the next century. The highlights on this album are: -S.J's classy bass lines, sometimes i really think that this man can play this instrument so weel that it seems it's telling the unique truth of the universe with its 'boom,boom'; -C.M's guitar is among the best noise-playing. definitly must hear, and must learn. -R.A's vocal on the track 6 is something amazing, brings you a head-shok.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is a wonderful book that centers on a stage in a young girl's life, while, and at the same time analyzing the extent of racial bias in a small town. I think one of the rights of passage in life should be reading To Kill a Mockingbird.      The themes, characters, and situations remain an indentation in my life, and they are respectively profound, believable, likeable, noble, enigmatic, detestable (in this last case, the Ewell family, of course) and, unfortunately, current. This novel is one of those unique readings that appeals to both young and old alike. That is simply because it defies the decomposing to which many contemporary writings give way and I think that is why I enjoyed it.     After having read this classic at least Three times, I find something new each time. Some interesting plot device, characterization technique, theme, motive or symbol - that I had overlooked before. This, surely, is one of the signs of not merely a good novel, but great literature.       I suppose this is one of those books that will endure for many years to come. It truly is a great part of American literature and will be a not only timeless but an ever-enduring classic. This is one of those books that you fall into \\"the trap\\" of thinking just because it is popular it is good. This book is a good book and its good to fall into the trap. Something about the story:      This timeless classic is about Scout Finch and what she sees through her eyes during the story. Her brother Jem, her father Atticus, and she live together in Maycomb, a small county in Alabama out in the country. Their mother had died when Scout was only two years old. Across the street, Miss Atkinson lived who cared deeply about her flowers that she grew. Mrs. Dubhouse, an old lady who picked on everyone that passed her house, lived down the road.     Two houses down from the Finches, the Radleys lived. Their house was old and their door was always closed to the world. Mr.Radley lived with his mysterious son. Mr. Radley would be seen now and then walking down the road to the town. He didn't speak much. His son, Arthur was rarely seen unless during the night. Rumor had it that 0h! he would watch people through their windows while they slept, and scratch on their screen doors. The children of Maycomb called him Boo.     Dill, the nephew of Miss Atkinson came to Maycomb every summer to see his aunt. Dill became good friends with Scout and Jem. When Dill learned about Boo Radley he came up with the idea of making him come out. Together, Dill, Scout, and Jem have a lot of adventures trying to contact Boo.      During the same time when they were having their exciting times together, Atticus was defending a black in court. At the time, Blacks were free, but they weren't considered equal to whites. Not everyone in Maycomb believed that Atticus should be doing this, but he held his head high and tried his best in the trial.     With the feelings from the people that didn't think what Atticus was doing was right, and the longing for contact with Boo from the kids, it turns into a near death experience for Jem and Scout.
B000000WJK|5.0|What can i say?! there are no words can describe the beauty of this recording, unless you hear it, you will get nothing about all the 'texts' put by all the reviewers. The best music, the very original ones, the very inventional ones, the very dreamming ones, hardly can be 'said', it must be heard. This ablum is a killer , you'd best hear it at 1 o'clock in the morning. you will know what's the word GREAT means.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I was about to start cheering with the crowd during this movie.  Thats how good it was.  For all you that DON'T know, this is an excellent movie.  It takes place in ancient Rome, during Marcus Aurelias' rule.  The movie begins at the beginning of a great war scene.  Maximus (Russell Crowe) is the general of the Romans, and he and his army triumph.  The opposing side has their soldiers sent to crucify Maximus's son and wife.  When he returns, he finds his family dead, his house burned, and he just falls to the ground.  He is later captured, and turned into a slave, thrown into fights to the death only to please fans.  These fight scenes that Maximus fights in are AMAZING and very real at the same time.  No Matrix-esque effects here.  All real.  Very violent, but entertaining nonetheless.  Decapitation, dismemberment, etc.  It's all here.  It's what makes Gladiator a great movie.  I won't tell any more of the story, you'll have to see it yourself.  Make it a must.  The acting is superb, the storyline/script is amazing and is actually TRUE, and it perfectly delineates what went on in ancient Rome.  Gladiator will make you laugh, cry, fear, etc.  It sends you through endless states of emotion.  It's THAT good.  Although the one part I found disgusting was the fact that Commidus was in love with his sister.  But it follows the true story, so I'll let it slide.  Note: This movie is not for the queezy!  Many gory scenes are explicitly shown, so be prepared.  Go buy this movie.  You will nto be dissapointed.  AT ALL.
B000002AS3|5.0|the first one sometimes became the best one. If you must choose 5 bands from 90' of Brit-music, Oasis must be in the list, but not as the best band, they can be the second best while THE VERVE stand on the top of all. Columbia is the best song forever Oasis had made, i really believe this song and its guitar chords have the power to bring us to the other side of the time-tunel. If you love this album, why don't you try the best album of 90', A storm in the heaven of The Verve?
B000000OTU|5.0|The band Aerosmith has been around for about 30 years, I have been around for 16. I have had Aerosmith's music in my life since I was born and I grew up watching their videos. I love their music and their lyrics are powerful and have meaning to them, unlike todays Hard Rock. In my oppinion I think they are the greatest Rock N Roll band to come into the music scene since the Beatles. I have a great appreciation for the band and I cant wait for them to keep the amazing music comming!
B000002H33|5.0|Metallica, releasing their 3rd CD, have created a master rock CD. This album has all the different forms of rock in it, from the heavy in Battery to the light and melancholy in Sanitarium. The instrumental solo also rocks.<br />All up it is a must have for any rock fan, even if Metallica is not your favorite band.
B0000508U6|5.0|That really is all that I could say about this album.  It goes from gospel-esque straight into darker post-Britpop territory and what's great is that it does it EASILY.  This group proves itself very versatile and this record is very pleasing both for the casual listen or for a deeper rainy-day sort of listen.
B000000H42|5.0|I've had this album since I was a young lass, and let me tell you it never gets old. Some of the 80's metal gets tired, when you listen to it now it just kind of leaves you bored. But King Diamond will never forsake you in that way. The vocals are funny! His voice sounds like a banshee screaming from the bottom of hell. It has a queer kind of resonance in it. And the songs are great. My favorite is Princess of Hell and also I like Desecration of Souls, and the best song is A Dangerous Meeting.
B00004TH83|5.0|I disagree with the  critics; this is a beautiful CD, Lara's voice is gorgeous and the songs are beautiful.  And I am NOT a 13 year old girl!!  If you like love songs and a voice like Celine Dion's you will not be disappointed.  I look forward to more from Lara Fabian!
B000002UDB|4.0|Three of my all time favourite Beatle tracks are here: Strawberry fields,all you need is love and walrus. I think these are the best Lennon songs from the Beatles. Each one of these songs could have a monument built in every city in the world. Unfortunately, some of their worst songs are also here. Blue jay way is a boring indian type of thing, flying is an instrumental jam to fill a space in the album, and Your mother should know is the worst Beatle song ever, its ridiculous. If you want to start a Beatle collection, buy this after peper, abbey rd, white album, revolver, rubber soul and help.
B000051VWW|5.0|When I bought&quot;Lovers Rock&quot; at the record store.The guy checking me out said &quot;Your going to love this CD,if you enjoy Mellow Music.&quot;That's the fill of the record from the first cut, &quot;By your side,&quot; the first single,and my favorite,to the last,&quot;It's only love that gets you through.&quot; There's not much production,just Sade's wonderfull,quiet vocals,a drum machine,and guitar on most of the numbers.The songs deal with  love,The struggles of being Black,and forgiving those who have trespassed against you.This CD is a great comeback for Sade after being away so long.Everyone's talking about &quot;Loves Rock.&quot;One of the Best records  this year.
B00004XONN|4.0|This album is actually pretty weak. Most of the tracks are pretty plain. The reason I give this a four star rating is for the fourth track titled &quot;How to completely dissapear&quot;. This song (if you can call it a song) is definetely one of the best pieces of work I have ever heard. Anyways, Radiohead is a great band, but I think they get way too much credit. People compare Ok Computer and Urban Hymns, and all I have to say that Urban Hymns is by far better. I like Radiohead a lot, but Richard Ashcroft blows these guys out of the water. The reason Ashcroft isn't as popular is because he is anti mainstream, so airplay for him is rare.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|This is the Beatles. They're the most influential pop and rock band of all time, so there's really no arguing with the music here. But rather than sticking to the all-number-ones concept, the surviving members got more of their own songs at the expense of John Lennon's actual number one singles. Please Please Me and Strawberry Fields, which are not included, were number-one singles. Eleanor Rigby and Something are great songs, but they were *not* number-one singles in the U.S. or the U.K., despite attempts to justify their inclusion. This slighting of John Lennon and his songs to boost Paul's ego gives this collection a nasty taste.
B00000IGGA|4.0|Imagine the noises that must run through his head at night.<br />&quot;House Where Nobody Lives&quot; is Waits at his most touching.  He can be syruppy sweet at times, and this is definitely one of those songs.  I hope Faith Hill (or someone of her ilk) covers this song, makes it a big, big hit, and Tom gets the seriously huge royalty checks he so richly deserves.<br />&quot;What's he building in there?&quot; is the spooky side of Waits.  He goes from &quot;House&quot; and its middle class values to &quot;Building&quot; and its deranged paranoia, and we get to go along for the ride.
0375704027|5.0|Norwegian Wood is a coming of age tale set in Tokyo circa the 1960s. The main character Watanabe is a sensitive character, an admirer of F Scott Fitzgerald and a man of few words. After his best friend commits suicide, Watanabe forges a relationship with his best friend's girlfriend Naoko. Naoko, however, has psychological problems in part from the loss of her boyfriend and older sister. While Naoko attempts to recuperate at a remote clinic, Watanabe immerses himself in university life as he is drawn in by his colorful classmate Midori. Through Midori, Watanabe begins to break from his solitary existence. <br />This is the first Murakami novel I have read and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The character of Midori is especially refreshing. The conversations between Watanabe and Midori are hilarious and touching. Midori's amorous feelings for Watanabe are evident from the start but Watanabe is too focused on Naoko to realize this. Meanwhile Naoko's struggle to overcome her depression makes for riveting drama. Naoko's roommate at the clinic, Reiko also adds some flavor to the story. Particularly evocative is the scene in which Reiko relates to Watanabe her experience with her piano student which bears directly on her psychological problems. <br />This novel captures the struggle of young adults perfectly. The characters always ring true.
0688145078|5.0|My son was only 2 1/2 when his little brother was born.  Even though we tried to prepare him for the event, this book did more than we ever could.  Given to us by a friend, I have since given out several copies to friends of ours going through this experience.  This book really helped my older son understand that even though we had a new baby in the family, he was just as special to us and that we loved him just as much.  As far as I'm concerned, this book has proven to be wonderful for boys about to become big brothers.  In fact, he still loves to read it with us, almost a year later.
0062502182|1.0|The most mysterious part of this book is its popularity. I understand that it's a simple fable and I'll even grant the &quot;follow your heart&quot; message may be a virtuous pursuit. But the manner in which this message is delivered is tortuous. The characters are passive and hollow and the plot is so contrived as to render the story ridiculous. Instead of having to resolve significant conflicts himself, Santiago floats through the story guided by a sequence of serendipitously fortuitous events. Coelho attributes this to the &quot;universe conspiring&quot; to help him attain his Personal Legend. I attribute this to weak writing.<br />The underlying message of this book is also troubling. Rather than finding happiness in the journey itself, it suggests that salvation lies in attaining one's Personal Legend--in this case material wealth. The implicit flip-side of this lesson is that if you don't reach your goals, you're either not trying hard enough or not following your &quot;true calling&quot; -- when in reality one's failure is more often attributed to a bunch of external factors over which one has no control.<br />Those who find this book inspirational probably also find wisdom in fortune cookies and horoscopes.
B000050XEI|4.0|Someone wrote &quot;The one shortcoming of Enya's music is that it seldom changes.&quot;<br />I think that is one of her best traits; one often says &quot;if it ain't broke, don't fix it&quot; -- Enya has no need to change her music. The beautiful medolies and the harmonious voice that rings through my ears at least once a day -- well, this is what she is all about. Her music inspires me, takes me to another place, as it has since Watermark.<br />This album is a return back to the more mystical, soothing Enya than was present in say, the Celts, it also flows very well, such as the transition between Tempus Vernum and Deora Ar Mo Chroi. This is without a doubt my favorite of her albums to date, though I give it four stars because of its short length. Still...if it's not some of the best 34 minutes of your life, I would be very surprised.
0784010188|5.0|Terminator 2 revolutionizes actions films with it's special effects. Terminator 2 set the standard for all action movies that followed it. Terminator 2 once again has Arnold, but this time he is to protect instead of destroy. He has to protect John Connor from a 2nd terminator that was also sent from the future, but to kill Connor. Arnold tries to change the future in an edge of you seat action blocbuster. A must see for everyone.
0875845851|4.0|This is an extraordinary and important book that helps explain and put into perspective many of the changes our economy is going through.  It outlines clearly why successful firms find it easy to develop \\"sustaining\\" technologies and why they find it so extraordinarily difficult to develop the \\"disruptive\\" technologies that our economy and country need to continue moving forward and being successful.  The lessons Christensen develops apply to government as well as business and help explain why government-run systems in the areas of health, defense and education have lagged so far behind the private sector in developing breakthrough technologies.<br />The heart of Christensen's message is that \\"sustaining technologies\\" - improving upon something that you are already doing - are normally developed by firms that are already successful because they fit the existing markets' definition of value.  Thus an IBM, Intel, or U.S. Steel will naturally develop better ways of delivering the product they are already focused on. However the successful companies will almost never develop a \\"disruptive\\" technology - a radically new way of doing things, or a way of doing new things - precisely because they focus on their customers, and those customers almost never value a disruptive technology in its initial stages.<br />By definition, if your customers are structured to buy your product, they are not going to be immediately open to changing their structure to buy a new product.  They are going to be institutionally inclined to stay with their current structure and therefore your current product.<br />Thus a standard business plan would insist that the return on investment from a disruptive technology does not justify the time and effort necessary to make is successful. In short, it is not technological conservatism or bad management that inhibits the adoption of disruptive technologies by the dominant companies; it is precisely their intense and successful focus on their customers that leads them to rationally reject the future.<br />Christensen develops case after case in which we can see examples in history where the disruptive technology is developed by a new firm that actually has to go out and develop new markets for the product. Thus the large, successful steam shovel manufacturers were rationally not interested in a new innovation, hydraulic backhoes, because at their inception the backhoes could not do the mammoth jobs steam shovel customers needed (i.e. strip mining).  So the backhoe manufacturers, smaller start-up style companies, created their own market when they found that backhoes were invaluable if you had been digging ditches by hand for water pipes.  Over time the disruptive technologies are developed and become competitors to the lower end of the existing systems - smaller steam shovels that do smaller jobs could be taken out by a backhoe. Over more time the new technologies can displace the older ones.<br />Christensen develops a model for thinking about new technologies and for setting up small operations to develop them within a rational framework, while allowing the rest of the firm to focus on existing technologies.<br />In health, defense, education, and general government administration there are enormous gains to be made by studying Christensen's work and using his model.<br />For those who find the book useful, Christensen is putting his system on the Internet and has a consulting firm to help companies work on disruptive technologies.<br />This is a major work for anyone interested in how technologies emerge and how to develop them more rapidly and more profitably.that leads them to rationally reject the future.<br />Christensen develops case after case in which we can see examples in history where the disruptive technology is developed by a new firm that actually has to go out and develop new markets for the product. Thus the large, successful steam shovel manufacturers were rationally not interested in a new innovation, hydraulic backhoes, because at their inception the backhoes could not do the mammoth jobs steam shovel customers needed (i.e. strip mining).  So the backhoe manufacturers, smaller start-up style companies, created their own market when they found that backhoes were invaluable if you had been digging ditches by hand for water pipes.  Over time the disruptive technologies are developed and become competitors to the lower end of the existing systems - smaller steam shovels that do smaller jobs could be taken out by a backhoe. Over more time the new technologies can displace the older ones.<br />Christensen develops a model for thinking about new technologies and for setting up small operations to develop them within a rational framework, while allowing the rest of the firm to focus on existing technologies.<br />In health, defense, education, and general government administration there are enormous gains to be made by studying Christensen's work and using his model.<br />For those who find the book useful, Christensen is putting his system on the Internet and has a consulting firm to help companies work on disruptive technologies. <br />This is a major work for anyone interested in how technologies emerge and how to develop them more rapidly and more profitably.
6301697707|4.0|This is one of those movies that will make the viewer laugh in one scene and then be scared to death the next. Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward play great parts in the movie as they try to survive an attack by underground monsters in a small isolated town in the middle of the desert. Tremors is not too scary for older kids, due to the fact that their is not excessive blood and gore like most horror movies. A great film to watch.
B00003CXFU|5.0|Julia Roberts, once again, does an excellent job.  This time, she plays the sarcastic and somewhat vulger but determined Erin Brockovich.  Erin has her heart in the right place but she seems to have trouble finding stability in jobs or relationships.  She has three kids and is dead broke.  She finally lands a job in a law firm, where she takes on a project concerning the well-being of other people, and works tirelessly at it, though she oesn't necissarially get paid what she deserves, all while trying to make it for her kids' sake...  <br />Erin the character is awesome.  She is not a person of status, she isn't rich, she isn't even very nice, but she has attitude and determination and guts and leaves you no choice but to respect her.  <br />She always has some kind of smart comeback to say whenever someone ways something she doesn't agree with.  When she argues, just the right words seem to spew from her mouth, especially when arguing with the lawyer. When her oddly passive biker next-door neighbor tried to hit on her she quickly spat the less-than-desirable details of her messed-up life.  Her comments are always abrasive and hilarious, and Julia Roberts does an excellent job portraying her.<br />The actor who played the lawyer (his name I do not know) also did a great job.  He grated on your nerves; at times I just wanted to slap him, but that was his role and he played it well.<br />This movie has an actual plot and a great ending.  It's even based on a true story!  It is great.  See it.
6303168507|5.0|This movie is an extremely difficult movie to sit through. You almost have to build yourself up to watch it. It is a painful movie to watch. Ben Kingsley and Liam Neeson play great parts. This movie makes the viewer really think about the holocaust and what could have been done stop it sooner. One of the best films ever made and everyone should see it.
B00000163G|5.0|This cd will probably go down an THE best rap cd ever, however i think it is his third best cd, next to Makaveli and Me Against the World. Although this is his most thugged out cd, and he does not get as deep in this cd as others it is still a classic. The best songs on this cd are Life Goes On, I Aint Mad at Cha, Ambitionz az a Ridah, How Do U Want It and Only God Can Judge Me.You can play this cd through with a couple of exceptions. This cd is defenitely worth the money, although if you really want his best work get Makaveli.
0767802659|5.0|BLOOD,GORE,GUNS,EXPLOSIVES,SCIENCE TEST OF BUGS.IT'S THE FUTURE IN THIS MOVIE IT SEEMS COOL BUT NOT THE WHOLE FIGHTING BUGS PART.BUY THIS MOVIE IT'S GREAT NO OTHER MOVIE IS LIKE THIS.
0312199066|5.0|I grew up by NASA-JSC, and at one time I lived in Nassau Bay where Capt. Cernan (USN,ret.) once lived.<br />Cernan writes in a manner that is easily understood.  Although I liked his mentioning of how on Gemini 9 with Tom Stafford (Lt. General, USAF, ret.) he had to find the stars to track the spacecraft and do some calculations (which today could be done much easier via laptop computer), most of the technical jargon is left out.  You feel as if you are taking off aircraft carriers and flying inside spacecraft and aircraft.  Find out what it is like to land on a carrier for the first time and survive a helicopter crash. <br />Cernan's book talks more about the PEOPLE involved in the astronaut program.  He also goes into a few humorous stories about sliding down banisters at the White House and Guenter Wendt (the pad fuhrer) getting him out of a traffic ticket. He is not afraid to discuss the feelings of other astronauts, and how he felt when his best friend Roger Chaffee died in the Apollo 1 Fire.  I really appreciate his mentioning of the astronaut's wives, saying that &quot;those wives should be in the history books.&quot;
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|I'M SUPRISED THIS MOVIE ISN'T ALL THAT DAM GREAT.NOTHING COMES CLOSE TO &quot;DON'T BE A MENACE&quot; THAT WAS THE BEST WAYANS FILM EVER.ANOTHER GOOD WAYAN MOVIE IS MO MONEY.DON'T BUY THIS MOVIE RECORD IT OR SOMETHING.
B0000560XI|5.0|This is  such a magical DVD ! A trip into wonderful past times, such strength and energy from people without age! A demonstration that,no matter what, the feeling for life is stronger than adversity.
B00003CXE7|5.0|First I guess I should warn you that if you couldn't take Saving Private Ryan's violent battle scenes, Gladiator may not be for you. But I hope that those of you in that category can get over it, because Gladiator is a wonderful movie. It is by far the best movie of the year, possibly even the past few years. From all angles it is superb, from costume design and musical score to special effects and the sets, and the cinematography as well. The acting is fantastic. Even lesser characters turn in finely tuned performances. Russell Crowe deserves an award for his portrayal of Maximus, the honorable ex-general who must fight his way to freedom and revenge. But Joaquin Phoenix steals the show as the insecure, shiftless emporer Commodus. He makes the new emporer a complex, multi-layered character that is very interesting. In less capable hands the part would have become a mere campy run-of-the-mill villain that would have been an insult to a movie as good as this. The movie's themes of honor and devotion are portrayed well. All of the good aspects of this movie far outweigh the violence, so I hope that you are willing to give it a chance.
B000001DTM|5.0|Coming off a 3 year hiatus,U2 released a recording that contained some of their finest &amp; most enduring tunes which they have yet to match since it's year of inception.Experimental in the sense of it's noticeable difference from previous recordings(and perhaps innovative,as one reviewer stated),these songs deal more with personal emotions &amp; experiences,comprised of fine musicianship that conveys a ringing &amp; steady air of shallowness &amp; artificiality permeated by warm vocals that strive for truth &amp; heart.The lyrics are some of Bono's most memorable &amp; amusing,the philosopher &amp; clown at the same time.Mentioning of highlights would be superflous,since most of the songs are moving &amp; impressive,except for the last two,which doesnt affect the achievement of the whole.When I was in 7th Grade,I had to write an essay for a class recitation the following day.Settling myself one fine night,I picked up the pen &amp; paper &amp; listened to &quot;So Cruel&quot; in the walkman,using it as inspiration.The next day,I brought the whole class down with the quality of my effort,which impact has never been forgotten by any of those classmates to this day.It's that good.
0790741164|1.0|Walter Cronkite said that &quot;Oliver Stone has foisted garbage on an unsuspecting generation.&quot;  And he's right. Okay, the greatest crime of this film may be Kevin Costner's inept southern accent. I always wondered why did the police go after Lee Harvey Oswald in the first place? Why did that officer, whom Oswald shot, stop Oswald? IT'S BECAUSE THERE WAS AN EYEWITNESS WHO SAW OSWALD SHOOT AT KENNEDY FROM THE BOOK DEPOSITORY WINDOW. But you never read this fact in a conspiracy theory, because it totally blows a hole in those theories. Read the truth of the assasination in Gerald Posner's book &quot;Case Closed.&quot; This witness who saw Oswald shoot at Kennedy can be seen standing on the corner below and opposite the depository window in film footage from that day. After seeing Oswald shoot at Kennedy, he went to a policeman near by, and gave a description of Oswald. THERE WAS AN EYEWITNESS TO THE SHOOTING. That the witness was black perhaps gives bigots and racists reason enough not to believe his testimony. Pitiful and shameful. The film JFK is total crap, and slanderous and libelous against those smeared by Jim Garrison. I don't think it is any small thing to falsely accuse someone of murder!! Which is what this movie does!! To see all these high ratings for this movie is disturbing. Garrison himself was likely a paranoid psychopath, who felt disturbed by his homosexual impulses, and so went after homosexuals like Ferrie and Shaw, as a defense mechanism, like the homophobic marine in the movie AMERICAN BEAUTY. If you pissed away the three hours watching this movie, then I implore you to INVEST more worthy hours in Gerald Posner's book CASE CLOSED. I could go on and continue to make my case, but Posner makes it so much better--with well-documented evidence--in that book. Stone is now working on a movie about the assasination of Reagan. God knows, he'll probably present the case that Reagan arranged to have himself shot. Stone is loopy enough to do such a thing. God help us all!
0399146253|4.0|This was a great book, which restored my faith in Kay.  For the last two or three books, I had the impression that Kay was superwoman: she dived, she cooked from scratch, she prevented a small pox epidemic, she solved international mysteries and so on.<br />This book reveals Kay's very personal side and the heartache she faced.  We learn how she betrayed she felt by Benton when he died and how she coped w/ that tragedy. We are privy to her friends and their devotion to her, especially Anna. We discover--along w/ Kay &amp; Lucy--that there may be life after a civil service career and that possibly, good things await Kay (don't we hope!)<br />I liked the ending which I believe lays the ground work for Part 3, which would be a good thing!<br />FYI: Kay's favorite recipes are available in Scarpetta's Winter Table, a wonderful--but hard to get--cookbook!
0679879269|5.0|I read the first two books when I was eight and ten (i'm 13 now), but even accounting for the age difference I got more out of this book than any book in this series, and maybe any in the whole world. The librarian at my school asked me if I thought that she could reccomend this, because she had thought that it was slightly disturbing. I wholeheartedly endorsed it, but for older children than the first two. My copy is full of sticky notes on the pages that really affected me, especially about Dr. Mary. Mrs. Coulter, whose character is portrayed totally differently but brilliantly, makes the speech that impacted me most about God, and I had it memorized right after I read it. This book has the same excellence of the others but pushes the envelope with its ideas in a way that i didn't think was possible.
B00003CX8J|2.0|Although the movie was good, it's clearly evident that this was a hastily put together DVD.  The DVD features are pathetic and pale in comparison to what was done on the Matrix.  It's a pity they didn't spend more time adding interactive content to take advantage of the DVD format, instead they relied on clips from the Charlie Rose show and artistic drawings.  I also disliked the way they selected to show the extra 10 minutes of footage they spliced out.  The DVD would display the original uncut scene and then it would display the cut scene directly afterwards.  Wait for the enhanced version (if one ever does come out).
0312119038|5.0|I read this book when a teenager studying religions. The edition I had, had a beautiful young girl in a nun's veil and dress. I wish I kept it. The story was really incredible. Karen delved deeply into detailing the spiritual struggles she was going thru as well as struggling to be accepted into the Order and in the eyes of God. An excellent book for anyone interested in learning more about what it is like to be a Nun. Past and present. She really learned alot about herself and the knowledge can help the readers as well.
B000009EAD|5.0|I know I've already written a review for this album, but one's just not enough!  This is, without a doubt, the most incredible album I have ever heard!  There is no way I could ever love an album as much as this one.  It is flawless, heavy where it needs to be, melodic where it needs to be.  And, it is not a rip-off of anything, the reviewers who said that do not know near as much about metal as they claim.  I have heard nearly every kind of metal there is, and have heard more bands than many have even heard of, and nothing can even begin to compare to these guys.  Matt Barlow has the most incredible voice I have ever heard, and Larry Tarnowski is an amazing soloist.  Songs of note are &quot;Watching Over Me&quot;, &quot;Blessed Are You&quot;, and the Something Wicked trilogy, but there is nothing on here that is anything short of flawless.  If you love metal, you must have this album!  And, be on the lookout for Iced Earth's new album, &quot;Horror Show&quot;, set to be released in April of next year.  I can't wait!  All hail the reigning kings of metal, Iced Earth!
6303212263|5.0|This was a very good movie. The film tells the story of Superman;s life. He leaves the planet Krypton on a rocket ship and lands on earth. He is found by a family and raised by them. He soon discovers that he is not normal. He has superhuman powers. He goes to the city and goes to work at a newspaper. Here we are introduced to Perry White,Jimmy Olsen,and Lois Lane. The super hero Superman is then introduced to the world. He is the worst nightmare for the forces of evil. We are also introduced to his nemesis Lex Luthor. As always Superman prevails against evil. This is a very good movie. You will not go wrong watching it.
B00003CWTI|1.0|The opening 10 minutes of this film were great, exploring the urban legend of the diver who was scooped up by a water carrying plane on its way to a bush fire, after the fire the diver is found in a smouldering tree! excellent i thought! here comes a great film!..... how wrong i was! from a really entertaining intro came a bunch of little stories that climax into 1 plot. None of the characters are very interesting and only 1 is remotley likable( the cop) by the end i was disinterested and bored by it all i fell asleep within 5 minutes.A truly long(3hours) and very dull movie that is only watchable once.Anyone buying this film on DVD before actually seeing it or only on the basis of these reviews needs their head testing. My favourites are:-Pulp Fiction,Sleepy Hollow,Private Ryan,Lost Boys and Snatch.
B000050XEI|1.0|I wish I could say something good about this album, but its impossible to. For one, theres the amount of time that Enya took to make this. With a five-year self-imposed hibernation, one would expect a marvellous work thats instantly captivating. Enya hasn't ever taken that long a break from releasing a record. Even the break between 'Shepherd Moons' and the long-awaited 'Memory of Trees' was shorter than the wait for this.<br />The second peeve I have is the length of the CD. Clocking in at 35 minutes is bad enough, but its point number three that really gets me going. The music is utterly unoriginal. Even the most hardcore Enya fan realizes this, for sure. Where is the spark of 'Watermark'? Or is it just that old age has finally gotten to our beloved Celtic chanteuse?<br />Most of the gimmicks used in the older albums are replicated here. The 'Pax Deorum' - 'Athair Ar Neamh' duo that featured on 'Memory' becomes 'Tempus Vernum' and 'Deora' - but unlike their ancestors these tracks are bland and lifeless. Also, note the mindless sticking-to-formula that Enya seems to work under. This almost looks like 'The Memory of Trees Part 2', ending with a very 'On the way Home'ish track called 'Lazy Days'. This is not a bad song, and could even be the best track on the album, but its just not enough.<br />'A Day without rain' could well be remembered as Enya's most poignant mistake. The hard work here is obvious, as Enya apparently plays all the instruments, but the end result is inconsistent and distorted. More importantly, the songs are dull and emotionless, and sound most un-Enyalike. What surprised me is that despite the wonderful cover artwork, the inner artwork was tacky and hurried, unlike the splendid inner cover artwork on her earlier albums.<br />Some tracks here are just too reminiscent of 'Memory' to forgive. I wonder if Ms. Bhraonain is still stuck in 1995. Also, some of the instruments used give the songs an unintentional '80s feel, which I don't think is a good thing in this context. Enya has had her fair share of flak for 'Only Time', and being the first single, it immediately reminded me of 'Only If'. It sounds so similar to everything Enya's done, prompting Rolling Stone magazine to give this album one of the worst reviews of the year.<br />In the end, this album is a total disaster on every level. This saddens me, as I've been an avid fan of Enya since 1986, ever since the debut album. But with this shoddy piece of work, I wonder how she could possibly come up with something to save face. We need something different, Enya, and if you insist on sticking to your old sound, well, then at least do it properly and give us something more than half-an-hour long, for God's sake!! Not at all recommended. I am not pleased.thing in this context. Enya has had her fair share of flak for 'Only Time', and being the first single, it immediately reminded me of 'Only If'. It sounds so similar to everything Enya's done, prompting Rolling Stone magazine to give this album one of the worst reviews of the year.<br />In the end, this album is a total disaster on every level. This saddens me, as I've been an avid fan of Enya since 1986, ever since the debut album. But with this shoddy piece of work, I wonder how she could possibly come up with something to save face. We need something different, Enya, and if you insist on sticking to your old sound, well, then at least do it properly and give us something more than half-an-hour long, for God's sake!! Not at all recommended. I am not pleased.
B00000JZIK|1.0|Am I the only one who didn't like this movie. I saw it with my roomate, and we guessed the answer halfway thru the film
B000050FEN|5.0|Wow! Who knew the experience that is David Fincher's &quot;Se7en&quot; could get any better. The film, in all it's murky, gloomy glory, has never looked better. The running commentaries are humorous and inciteful, but it is on the second disc that this set truly gets going. I was amazed at how much detail the production design team went into to create John Doe's world. The photographs, the notebooks, and the masterpiece that is his apartment is unparalled. The examination of the world they created for this film makes you feel as if you are watching an actual documentary on a serial killer. The deleted and extended scenes are fun, and disturbing, especially the extended shots of the Pride murder scene. David Fincher firmly established himself as one of our generation most visual and compelling directors, and has never disappointed. His follow-ups, The Game and Fight Club, are just testaments to his talent and staying power. I will see whatever he puts out, and I hope the movie studios continue to do justice to his beautiful and frightening visions with DVD's of this caliber. Now if you have made ot this far into my review, what's wrong with you? Get out there and buy this DVD. You wont regret it. So stop being slothful, be the first to get this and you'll be the envy of all your friends. It's not wrong to lust after special features like these, hell, be a glutton and buy two. Be proud of this DVD,but don't be greedy, let all your frinds watch it to, or you just might feel their wrath.
6305909326|5.0|The most original movie I've seen in a few years.  I love the subtlety that Polanski uses.  Far superior to Eyes Wide Shut and Stigmata.  This is one of those films that you can watch over and over and catch something new each time you rewatch it.<br />This one will stay with you after you watch it for a few days.  As others have said, beautiful cinematography.  Great characters.  Great settings and mood.  Just enough quirkyness, but not too much.  Like a journey through a darker looking glass.
B000002UVX|5.0|I first listened to the album a few years ago.  It knocked my soxs off. It still does,  theere isn't a bad song it.  you'll love jimi's solos too.  I rate this album as good as KISS ALIVE, it would be better if it were a bit longer.  from the first song to the last song not a boring moment.  I don't know what else to say.  BUY this album if you can.  I have it on vinly,  but not on cd.  Oh yeah,  none of these songs are on any studio album,  that is another attribute for this accomplishment
0790736233|5.0|Let's say that proof of alien life was found with the radar, satellite stuff we have poking around space, then the events that would take place would probably be very much like those in &quot;Contact,&quot; and that is the beauty of the film. Robert Zemeckis' movie cleverly takes a look at what would happen if we discovered evidence that we are not alone. It sets itself apart from blockbuster science fiction like &quot;Independence Day&quot; because of how realistic it is, how convincing and plausible. The screenplay by James V. Hart and Michael Goldenberg, based on the novel by Carl Sagan, is filled with interesting characters, but more with interesting ideas. We also appreciate how they add philosophical arguments into the mix. Most science fiction films don't really explore the debates about God and science, this movie does, by letting the two main characters debate about the issues. The movie is also entertaining on the dramatic angle and the special effects are wonderful to look at. The movie has style and realism mixed with science and deep philosophical issues. I have nothing against the &quot;cool&quot; stuff like &quot;ID4&quot; or &quot;Mars Attacks!&quot; but &quot;Contact&quot; is a breather for people looking for something smart and thoughtful. It has detail, great performances and nice photography. A very good movie.
B000051VWW|1.0|I waited 8 years for this??  This CD is so depressing --- everything sounds the same.  I'm so so disappointed.
0446364495|1.0|I just have to ask: why is it that when a women has a torrid week of elicit aldulterous sex with another man she has found &quot;the one true love of a lifetime,&quot; but if a man has a similar escapade, he is a shallow letcherous pig?  The premise of this book is simply this: love is a blissful paradise which is at every turn impeded by such vile ecumbrances as committment, honesty, integrity and self-sacrifice. This book is the centerpeice of the vile &quot;Oprah Syndrome&quot; booklist.  Intellectual depth is now merely a melange of &quot;getting in touch with one's spirit,&quot; new-age psycho-babble and dizzy romantic love. To believe that such a book offers any intellectual substance is to assert with fervent honesty that one can survive a week's trek in the Sahara with only a glass of salt water and a stick of cotton candy.
B00004XONN|1.0|I am not in particular a Radiohead fan. I bought this album largely because of my friends' glowing recommendations. So, I'd never before heard any of the songs on here, so I was unsure what to expect, but sure it would be good. Well...  My first impression of the album was less than auspicious. I couldn't understand the vocals, none of the songs seemed good, not to mention they all seemed to blend together. I couldn't tell where one ended and the next began. But, that was okay. That was my usual reaction upon hearing a CD for the first time. Some of my favorite artists, I've hated upon first hearing them. So I figured I'd wait a day or so, then listen to the CD again. Well, I listened to it again...same problems. Unintelligible vocals, repetetive songs, etc... After a few more times listening to it, I was ready to shoot the CD player to make the music go away. While I understand that Radiohead is considered progressive or experimental rock, that is no excuse for &quot;music&quot; such as this. Those groups survive only as long as their music is both experimental and GOOD.  Some have said that Kid A is only the tip of the iceberg, they're going to bring about a new wave of music. Please...no. This was one heck of an effort by Radiohead, but it didn't come off quite right. I'm sure their next effort will be better.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido rocks my world! I agree with the reviewer who said that someone should remix &quot;Touch Me,&quot; it would be an incredible club hit.  She conveys such emotion through her voice-its not the music, its the tone of her voice, her phrasing, its gorgeous.  I don't think there's a dud on the entire CD-contrary to what the review says, &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; is a great song, and it needs to be on the CD so that its not simply an hour of introspective weepy ballads.  If you like Pop, Folk, anything really, you'll love Dido.
B000035P7X|5.0|The tender soul of Dylan shown to an unsuspected audience. The film is a classic.
0895292211|5.0|This book turned my conceptions of food, nutrition, disease, disorder, and digestion up-side-down.  If you have doubts about *why* a raw food diet is a good idea, and why in many cases it can save a person's life, then this is the book to start with.  &quot;Enzyme Nutrition&quot; is pretty much a scientific book.  It is not a manifesto, or a how-to book, but rather a presentation of one man's life-long research into the role that food enzymes play in human digestion.  Don't let that scare you away, however, because the language is very easy to understand, and the book is easy to read.  In fact, this book is a condensation of the author's unpublished 700 page book, a book that supposedly took him 20 years to write.<br />It is really a shame that this book is not a bestseller, and that Dr. Howell's theories are not more widely known.  The ideas in it are, pardon the possible hyperbole, revolutionary.  Many of the ideas that you read in other raw food and enzyme books are based on Howell's research (although, to be accurate, not all raw food advocates are advocates of Howell's ideas).  I can not recommend this book highly enough.  I hope I live to see Howell's theories accepted by the mainstream &quot;medical establishment,&quot; just as the discoveries of vitamins and minerals (which are only two-thirds of the equation) have.
6305176299|5.0|Can someone get back to me to let me know if this movie is going to be re-released in DTS (digital sound) and/or THX and when? I know that this would be an even higher rated movie if this were done, then this movie would be compared in terms of special effects and action like &quot;Twister&quot; .
B000056HOZ|5.0|Track rundown-Disc 1:Rosalita, The River, Thunder Road, Atlantic City, Dancing In The Dark, Born In The USA, I'm On Fire, Glory Days, My Hometown, War, Fire, Born To Run, Brilliant Disguise, Tunnel Of Love, One Step Up, Tougher Than the Rest, Spare Parts, Born To Run(acoustic) Disc 2:Human Touch, Better Days, 57 Channels (and Nothin' On), Leap Of Faith, Streets Of Philadelphia, Murder Incorporated, Secret Garden, Hungry Heart, Dead Man Walkin, The Ghost Of Tom Joad (video and from The Tonight Show), Highway Patrolman, If I Should Fall Behind, Born In The USA (from Charlie Rose Show), Secret Garden (Alternate version with strings). I love the music of THE BOSS and this should be a welcome addition to any collection. I've watched the original video 1978-1988 until it broke, so I was so happy to get this awesome DVD set!
B000006PYU|3.0|When one thinks of Peter Green's contributions to the legacy of British Blues music it is his passionate, soulful electric soloing and compositions that clearly made his mark. Here, he abandons the electric guitar and picks up the acoustic to attend to Robert Johnson's impressive songbook. This is an enjoyable recording. Green and Nigel Watson play tastefully and faithfully.  Green is in particularly fine form vocally. His harmonica playing is also quite good.  For an aging Jewish Englishman he sure sounds a lot like an old black man from the Mississipi Delta. Still, one can't help but miss Green's electric playing as there are few left who can hold a candle to him. This one's well worth picking up...Simon
B000050IMJ|5.0|ALL I CAN SAY IS &quot;WOW&quot; NOT ONLY A GREAT MOVIE BUT  NICOLAS CAGE    DID  IT AGAIN.I GIVE IT A TEN    WORTH THA MONEY
B00003CXGG|3.0|There's a basic connection to Shakespeare, but more so with the title and critics insisting upon it, then in reality.  Warring gangs, lovers from the different sides of the tracks, yes.  Poetry? Romance? No.  There's little chemistry between Jet Li and Aaliyah  as romantic lovers.  They seem to like each other, and they finally act like pretty good friends and partners, but not romantic ones. There's a couple of pop hits on the soundtracks too.<br />What the film is closest to is the Blaxploitation films of the 70's.  Really.<br />You even have a comic relief clownish black character.  The concentration of screen time is on the black gangster and as head of the Black family contingent, Delroy Lindo does a nice believable job.<br />There are over-the top action sequences, car chases, gun battles and a memorable animated/cgi effect which lets the film-makers avoid showing too much gore, by showing x-rays of skeletons or vital organs getting broken or pierced (a heart).<br />Unfortunately Jet Li  who often uses wires in his action sequences, does so very noticeably here.  He has an amazing agility and ability that rivals Jackie Chan, (without the deftness of humor)but its obviously faked in several scenes I was reminded more of mid 70's chop socky flicks with fighters bouncing off trampolines and flying in the air, then 90's action films.<br />Jet Li demonstrates he has the charisma, charm and of course agility to be an American box office star.  They really need to find for him an American Once Upon in China  (part 1, and 2, the best of his films to date) to satisfy his fans.<br />He made Lethal Weapon 4 almost worth watching and is one of this film's strength.  But just as this film should crackle with an exciting fight scene, an obvious cgi/or mediocre wire effect is used to enhance the sequence which ruins the suspension of disbelief we have.<br />I will say it's not as dumb as some action films have become.  Plot points are not hammered home several times throughout the movie.  There seems to be much going on between the warring factions of gangsters, and there's a little bit of mystery as to who is responsible for what.<br />The central plot has to do with a group of businessmen who are manipulating the Chinese and the Black Gangs to obtain the deeds to waterfront property in their neighborhoods so the businessmen can build a NFL football stadium there.<br />Some people are killed in the process and one of them is the volatile son of a Chinese Gang boss.  His other son, (who used to be a cop), Han (Jet Li) breaks out of prison in Hong Kong, comes to (presumably) the U.S.(--filmed in Vancouver B.C.) to find out who killed his brother.  He almost immediately meets Aaliyah...by coincidence and rather unbelievably as well.  There's an attraction (or supposed to be) and the rest of the plot basics are what  you would expect from a West Side Story influenced action film.  It's so many interpretations removed from  Romeo and Juliet, it's a stretch to identify it closely with Shakespeare.<br />A better than average action film, somewhat mis-using the skills that Jet Li brings to the screen by over-enhancing his ability with mediocre wire work-- unnecessarily.<br />Chris Jarmick Author of The Glass Cocoon  with Serena F. Holder - A steamy cyber thriller available January 2001. Please order it today. Thank Youhout the movie.  There seems to be much going on between the warring factions of gangsters, and there's a little bit of mystery as to who is responsible for what.<br />The central plot has to do with a group of businessmen who are manipulating the Chinese and the Black Gangs to obtain the deeds to waterfront property in their neighborhoods so the businessmen can build a NFL football stadium there.<br />Some people are killed in the process and one of them is the volatile son of a Chinese Gang boss.  His other son, (who used to be a cop), Han (Jet Li) breaks out of prison in Hong Kong, comes to (presumably) the U.S.(--filmed in Vancouver B.C.) to find out who killed his brother.  He almost immediately meets Aaliyah...by coincidence and rather unbelievably as well.  There's an attraction (or supposed to be) and the rest of the plot basics are what  you would expect from a West Side Story influenced action film.  It's so many interpretations removed from  Romeo and Juliet, it's a stretch to identify it closely with Shakespeare.<br />A better than average action film, somewhat mis-using the skills that Jet Li brings to the screen by over-enhancing his ability with mediocre wire work-- unnecessarily.<br />Chris Jarmick Author of The Glass Cocoon  with Serena F. Holder - A steamy cyber thriller available January 2001. Please order it today. Thank You
B00000JCOV|1.0|I heard Slipknot on Connan O'brien the other night and oh my god....they had to be one of the most stupid bands out there that i have heard. the have way to many people to even like be able to enjoy the concert. After i saw that i went a traded my CD for a copy of Warren G - G funk era. Slipknot has to be one of most sold out bands on the market. Do yourself a favor and buy something like Tool Aenima if you want a quality CD. If they would have let me put 0 stars i would have.
6304708491|5.0|Now that it's been mercilessly ripped off by films like Airplane, and Spice Girls: The Movie and t.v. shows like The Monkees, can this  updated pop cousin of Helzapoppin still entertain today's audiences?<br />Maybe.<br />Certainly not like it entertained audiences in 1965 though, that's for sure.  I can certainly understand how anyone born after (say) 1965 will not quite understand why this very silly picture is held in high regard by many.  It's a pretty goofy film that relies quite a bit on bad puns,corny jokes and pre-MTV video pop star posing.<br />Oh it's colorful and energetic and a lot of fun in a cartoonish way, don't get me wrong.  It's also got some great music, with John Lennon's voice at its peak.  And if you look at the type of films they designed for previous pop stars : Bing Crosby, or Frank Sinatra or Bill Haley, or Elvis Presley-this film broke all the rules.  It's true that Bob Rafaelson and The Monkees t.v. show owe everything to director Richard Lester, and writers Marc Behm and  Charles Wood (III), who found the perfect way to present the fab four first in semi-documentary fashion with A Hard Days Night and then in a nonsensical farce that borrows it's everything-but-the-kitchen-sink frenetic style from such films/stage plays like Olsen and Johnson's Helzapoppin (from the 1940's)and the anarchy of the Marx Brothers of course.<br />There's a lot of smarts on display amidst the dumb gags though. Moments in which pop culture icons, and the cult of personality is questioned and lampooned.  The first time we see the Beatles, is quite impressive.  Neighbors watch the boys return to their row houses and comment how famous but still down to earth and likeable the lads are.  Then we go inside their pad and see an interior that had me on the floor in hysterics.  Rows of vending machines containing drinks, snacks and sandwiches, John sleeps in a compact sunken bed space in the floor that is equipped with several gadgets, a section of the pad has grass growing in it, and a butler/groupie tries to cut it with chattering teeth.  The visual and verbal puns and asides start flying right off the bat, and although many of them are groaners, some are still pretty funny.<br />When the film was first released, it was virtually impossible for audiences to hear much of the film because of the screams from excited fans in attendance.  Beatlemania was nearly at it's peak when the film was released.<br />I grew up with the Beatles, and though I was pretty young at the time, my old brother's fanaticism for the Liverpudlian wonders was contagious and I fondly recall the experience of sitting through the film not once, not twice, but three times.  A few weeks later I enjoyed it again, --twice.<br />You want to know what the plot is?  Leo McKern (the great British character actor) plays Clang, the Indian leader of a cult of Kali worshipers.  Ringo has received a ring from an avid fan, which turns out to be the sacrificial ring, the Kali cult needs in order to complete their sacrificial rites. They will stop at nothing to get the ring, which is stuck to Ringo's finger.  There are attempts to chop his finger off, there are visits to experts and finally a mad scientist to get the ring off Ringo's finger, but nothing will work.  In between the silly comic chases, there are several musical numbers and music video montages.  The chase takes the Beatles from England, to snow-capped mountains, to Bermuda.  Paul is briefly shrunk to the size of a beanie baby, Ringo is nearly eaten by a Bengal Tiger, and John is nearly run over by a tank.  Approximately 7 songs and 90 minutes later the entire film is neatly wrapped up and an ingenious end credit sequence ends the film.<br />Part of my affection of the film is nostalgic and I recognize that a lot of viewers are going to find the film an intermittently witty and utterly silly dumb Beatle ego fest that's only slightly better than a Pauley Shore movie.<br />Oh well.  I still love the thing.<br />And remember  &quot; Go. . . to. . . the... win-dow!  Go to da win-dow!&quot;<br />Chris Jarmickthe thing.<br />And remember   &quot; Go. . . to. . . the... win-dow!   Go to da win-dow!&quot;<br />Chris Jarmick
B00003CXDG|1.0|This movie really stunk !!! Great action scenes, but nothing else. If you like good cinema with an engaging story, skip this movie. This best thing about this movie is Thandie Newton.
0792840461|4.0|Even in 1968, audiences knew The Thomas Crown Affair was a film of style over substance. It had an interesting premise dreamt up by a Boston Lawyer who had never written a screenplay before-and there wasn't a lot of story or character development.  It's the films' style and gimmicks which endeared it to audiences. And the coolest of the cool stars,Steve (I move like a panther) McQueen, on the planet teamed up with the  fascinating mix of earthy sultriness and ice princess that is Faye Dunaway at her peak.<br />So does this film hold up? Is it worth watching? The first half hour of the film - - the robbery is still an exciting, stylish, entertaining  sequence that few films will top in terms of hipness. It's here the multiple screen gimmick works best. It's here that Hal Ashby's editing and Walter Hill's second unit work is most impressive. It's the best part of the film and it works beautifully. (Yes that's future directors Hal Ashby and Walter Hill I just mentioned).<br />Affair is directed by Norman Jewison (a former editor/turned director who had just directed In the Heat of the Night, and The Russians are Coming, The Russians are Coming). United Artists didn't put much pressure or time constraints on Jewison, and Jewison took this very weak screenplay with an interesting premise and worked with writer Alan R. Trustman to create a sandbox for him and legendary cinematographer Haskell Wexler to play in. They were young, they were anxious to break rules and try new things and they happened to wind up at Montreal Expo 67 and in the audience of a ground-breaking multi-screen extravaganza called Habitat. Habitat was created by film/maker and graphic designer Pablo Ferro. Jewison, Wexler and Ashby had found the gimmick they were looking for. It wasn't really until the film was in post production that they began putting together the multi-screen effects, and none of the film was story-boarded . A lot of improvisation was used for the film.<br />The premise of the story (for the few who don't know) concerns a very wealthy corporate millionaire, Thomas Crown (Steve McQueen) who is so used to winning at every game he plays, he challenges himself by quietly setting up and master-minding a huge bank robbery. It's one of the things that amuses him, one of the few thrills he has in life, his way to rebel and protest against his own corporate greed.<br />The police are baffled, Paul Burke as top cop Eddie Malone is willing to work with a very unique insurance investigator to break the case. The investigator turns out to be Vicki Anderson (played by Faye Dunaway). She earns ten percent of the money she recovers and she's willing to do just about anything and break all the rules to earn her money- which frustrates the by the book Eddie Malone.<br />Now there's never much time taken with conventional things like dialogue. Most of the characters speak in short phrases and sentences. The music is loud, intrusive, and obvious. It's used throughout the film to drive the pacing of the scene or over-emphasize minor moments. Today it plays a bit more campy than it used to, but it's a lot of fun.<br />Vicki Anderson quickly decides that Thomas Crown must be the master-mind behind the bank robbery. She doesn't really have any evidence, or really much of a reason to come to this conclusion, but she does. The film expects you to accept this. So the rest of the film is a cat and mouse game. Vicki and Thomas are attractive jet-setting type people and they are attracted to each other, flirt, make love, drink port, play chess (in an extremely low key erotic fashion), buy fresh produce, go for dune buggy rides, and sit in sauna's together.<br />They both know however that they are adversaries.<br />McQueen's acting is also very stylized. He pauses before making facial gestures. He laughs somewhat forced, and his every movement feels calculated. It works.<br />Although the film becomes less logical as it progresses, its inventive style held my attention throughout. And perhaps because of how dated it's hip chicness is, it's even more fun now,then when it was first released.<br />The re-make is actually a better film than this one. The screenplay is much better constructed, and the film is structured better as a conventional narrative. But the first 30 minutes of this film is not easily topped, and Steve McQueen was a one of a kind screen presence.<br />If your in the mood for a style over substance film from the late 60's complete with the title Academy Award Winning song Windmills of your Mind, you won't be disappointed.<br />Three and Half .... make it Four...<br />Chris Jarmick...attention throughout. And perhaps because of how dated it's hip chicness is, it's even more fun now,then when it was first released.<br />The re-make is actually a better film than this one. The screenplay is much better constructed, and the film is structured better as a conventional narrative. But the first 30 minutes of this film is not easily topped, and Steve McQueen was a one of a kind screen presence. <br />If your in the mood for a style over substance film from the late 60's complete with the title Academy Award Winning song Windmills of your Mind, you won't be disappointed.<br />Three and Half .... make it Four...<br />Chris Jarmick...
6305897786|2.0|I have to say, this movie starts very well.  It STARTS well.  The premise is very good, the buildup story was very intriging.  I didn't expect this movie to be good, but as I started watching, I just got really involved and had many questions.  Too bad, those questions never got answered.  I won't go into the plot too much in my review, as there are many reviews here already that probably spoil the plot, but here's a quickie.  There were some books made, only few in existence, a few pages must be gathered from all the books to open super evil powers.  The main character (Johnny Depp) is led on a chase after chase, looking for this looking for that.  It was very mysterious but became overly reptitious after a few times.  Then there's a woman that seemed supernatural that helps him along the way.  The movie never explains who this woman was and why she was doing this.  The ending just shocked me because it made no sense whatsoever.  The movie will leave you shocked and angry.  It seemed like someone made a good film the first half, then gave it to another person to just finish it off poorly.  I give it 2 stars for the first half of the movie.  This is a renter, and even after watching it, I wish I didn't rent it.
B000002HFU|4.0|ODB may not be the most talented MC to come from the Wu-Tang Clan.  He might not be the best song writer.  One thing is for sure, the controversial ODB is the Wu-Tang's most entertaining member.  His exploits have made him a household name.  On Return to the 36 Chambers, ODB takes his bizzare charisma to a whole new level.  Perhaps the dirtiest CD released in the past 5 or 6 years, Return showcases Ol' Dirty's unique style.   Personally, I find his voice, while not great in the classic rap sense, to be incredibly entertaining.  His sing/speak style is reminiscent of Shane MacGowan's work with the Pogues, in other words, he kind of sounds drunk, but not in a bad way.  In fact, if anyone but ODB were performing this material, it would be utterly forgetable.  Return to the 36 Chambers is probably the best solo album to come from the Wu-Tang clan.
B000002A46|5.0|Christmas carols help make the season a more joyous one, and Mariah Carey's collection of both traditional and contemporary carols only accelerate this process.<br />The album opens with soft, almost cherubic, piano strokes which lead into the docile 'Silent Night' which sees Mariah leaving her majestic upper register to indulge in a rather subtle tone. It is only at the very end where she teases the listener with a little of what she is more famously known for. And that's only for starters!<br />Also listen for great emotional changes; she sounds blatantly happy on the original 'All I Want For Christmas Is You', frolicking around with notes through Christmasy tamborines, while sounding lost and forlorn on 'Miss You Most (At Christmas Time)', before blasting off into gospel heaven on the soulful 'Jesus What A Wonderful Child'. <br />Amidst all the perfection, she manages to top herself on the traditional 'O Holy Night'. Among all the versions of this song which I have heard, Mariah's stunning rendition has got to be the best, thus far. Actually feel the spirit of Christmas descending upon you as she takes you from the mellow first verse right through to the powerful end.<br />Merry Christmas, Mariah style.
0060930187|5.0|The Bell Jar is a truely captivating story. My english teacher was telling my class about the book and how her college roomate's grandmother was mentioned in the book(her character was Philomenia Guinea) so I decided to read it. I read the book in two sittings. You would think that it is depressing and morbid, but I really had a great appriciation of how Sylvia Plath described the character and the situation. Esther Greenwood is witty and independent as well as different and smarter than everyone else in the story. I recommend this book to anybody(especially women), the Bell Jar is a true classic.
0679879269|5.0|This book is truly a wonder. All of its 517 pages will have you eager to see the next one, and the end will leave you aching for another book. It made me laugh, it made me cry, and three days after finishing it I am still in a sort of blissful peace, still savoring every emotion and every word conveyed so masterfully by Phillip Pullman. Beginning with Will's discovery about Lyra's disappearance by way of two angelic messengers from Lord Asriel's realm, he sets off determined to rescue her from her kidnapper. At the same time, the Church of Lyra's world is determined to kill her after discovering her true purpose. While this is going on, Lord Asriel seeks to protect his daughter and prepares to face the Authority. All this action is slowed down by Dr. Mary Malone's journey to the beautiful and peaceful world of the mulefa, and her remarkable and disturbing discoveries there. With each new page, old mysteries are resolved and new ones are raised. But Pullman manages to tie each string down to its final place by the end of the book, a progession so exciting, so tender, and so heart-wrenching it will leave you in tears and in awe. In all my 16 years I have never read a book equal to this in beauty, and I don't believe I shall ever encounter one that matches it. I highly reccommend this book to any person above the age of 12.
B000002KIT|5.0|Most all of the best 70s albums were live.  And this one, my friends, is the best of all the 70s live albums. I really enjoyed Thin Lizzy's studio albums...but I was totally blown away when I heard LIVE AND DANGEROUS.<br />That voice.  Those guitars.   Perfection. There are many excellent songs here, some that really rock like Jailbreak, Rosalie, Cowboy Song and The Rocker. Some are so delicate and moving that they will rip your heart out, like Dancing In The Moonlight and  Still In Love With You.   <br />Take a long drive one night.   Put this in your CD player.   Understand life.  It's a simple as that.<br />Thanks, Thin Lizzy.   You have brightened many a day  for me since discovering this album in 1979.  I plan on having a copy of this in my collection until the day I die.
0316921173|1.0|The incredible praise for this book is further evidence to my theory that the world has gone temporarily insane. So what's wrong with this book? Quite simply, it's lacking both a plot and compelling characters. However, it is quirky and goofy at times and long and has lots of big words and lots of detailed information about nothing in particular. So if you're some post-modern type of guy or gal who thinks plot and character are hakneyed devices of old, then this book may be just your stick-o-buttah.
B000031WD9|4.0|Don't get lured in thinking the &quot;unrated&quot; version is something special over the original.  They merely changed two small scenes from the version that aired in theatres, and since the theatre version already went to the ratings board, and this one didn't, it's &quot;unrated&quot;.  The changed scenes are available in the extras menu.   Hilarious movie though, highly recommended.
B000008H1Y|5.0|It would not be corny or ridiculous to state that if rock and roll were invented in King Arthur's time, it would sound like this, J-Tull finest merging of Celtic folk and rock.  Anderson is in fine voice, and the music accompanying him is Tull's finest since Thick As A Brick (or at least, &quot;Minstrel&quot;) A worthy find!
0525945636|1.0|There is not anything anyone can say that would convince me that the author or this book is the same author of Key to Rebecca and Pillars of the Earth.  This book was an insult at best - throughout the story the one thought that continually ran through my mind was 'Give me a break!'
B00003OST8|5.0|For 30 years this has been my favorite film.  Everything came together perfectly for this movie and it wears very well.  It's full of sweep, romance, and spectacle.  The 3-strip Technicolor used back then, and subsequently abandoned, holds up better than modern films whose color can degenerate to purple within 7 short years.  I can only echo the comments made by others on the casting,the costumes, music, etc. Flynn, De Havilland, Rathbone, and Raines were never better. This is such a fun movie; you cannot watch it without feeling uplifted or exhilerated.  James Goldman, I think it was, said that while the story of King Arthur is the most important legend in English speaking countries (because of its theme of fair government); the legend of Robin Hood is the most beloved.  Rightly so.  No other movie depicts the reason why as well as the 1938 Warner Brothers version.
B00000JGOH|3.0|As &quot;irresistable&quot; as the common reviewer finds this film, it is not nearly the film that &quot;Elizabeth&quot; is, in spite of the latter film's historical inaccuracies. <br />Shakespeare in Love IS a decent love story, but Gwyneth Paltrow reallys starts to grate after a while, and truly the greatest aspect of the film is the performance of Judi Dench as the Queen, in a supporting role (she steals every scene she's in). <br />Worth renting (for most), but certainly not a masterpiece in any sense of the word.
B00000JGOJ|4.0|This is the story of 3 sisters, their parents, and their trials and tribulations through love, death, adultery, relationships and the like. The performances are all good, though my favorite sidebar followed Angelina Jolie (definitely the standout here) and Ryan Phillipe dealing with more baggage than a holiday at JFK and their struggle to form a relationship. Cool soundtrack. The pieces fit like a puzzle, and while it is slightly detached and disjointed at the beginning where you are trying to figure out what connects all these stories together, it's one of those movies where for lack of a better phrase &quot;gets better as it goes along...&quot; A definite chick flick, but I watched this with my brother and even he enjoyed it.
B00003CX7L|5.0|I didn't know how Pixar would top Toy Story, but they did. A rarity, Toy Story 2 is a sequel that bests the original. The tables are turned: Buzz has to save Woody, and once again from a contemptable human. Can he do it? Will all the toys chip in and help? What do you think?<br />The new main toy characters, Jessie the Yodeling Cowgirl, and the Old Prospector, are wonderfully voiced by Joan Cusak and TV's Frasier-- Kelsey Gramar. Sarah Maclaughlin sings a beuatiful and touching song for the montage, which is about the pain a toy feels when the child grows up and no longer loves it. (Sniff, sniff.) She should have one the oscar for it!
B000053VAF|5.0|Truly thought provoking and amusing.  Though not in Kevin Smiths usual style (see Chasing Amy, Mallrats and Clerks), it has the same wonderful dialogue that fans have come to know and love, plus Jay and Silent Bob.<br />The DVD is wonderful, it has many interesting features, that I believe DVD's today are lacking.   <br />The Movie though is truly wonderful, well-written, well cast and doesn't go for the easy joke.  Well Done!
0876855575|5.0|Back before he died I sent him a letter and asked him, pleaded with him to give me one good solid piece of wisdom before he died(he was ill at the time).  He wrote back and his letter said this:  &quot;Almost everything is a copy of something else that wasn't very good to begin with.&quot;  Buk was not part of that Almost everything.  He was a true original.  I have taught English for over ten years and he is always on my reading list.  Not one individual who decided to read him could stop reading him. Some writer might see a shiny pretty rock shimmering through a tranquil stream and they will sit and admire this rock and all the romantic literary possibilities of this rock.  Buk will reach in, jerk the rock out of the water, and expose the slimy, mud and crawly things on the underbelly of this rock.  This is what made him great.  Ham on Rye is one of the best novels of the 20th century.
0525945636|2.0|This Follett is a mere shadow of his previous novels. I am a huge Ken Follett fan. I have read every one of his books and look forward to them. This book is written by a Ken Follett imposter! It is a huge disappointment with a ridiculous plot, featuring an incestuous bunch of people who are  best buddies at Harvard and then segue into each other's lives forever after. They marry each other, they divorce each other, they plot and they plan. This book is very readable, a Follett trademark. But as the pages turn, I found myself getting angrier and angrier for being a sucker who bought this book in good faith and who was rewarded by junk. Such a poor effort that Follett, in the epilogue, mistates the moon walk as July  1968 and not the actual date of 1969.
0446607274|5.0|Ever since I read Connelly's *The Black Echo*, the first of the Harry Bosch mysteries, I've been hooked on these wonderfully complex, fabulously written novels.  Bosch is (predictably) &quot;hard-boiled and melancholy, but with a heart of gold,&quot; as befits this venerable fictional genre.  Yes, there are many, MANY cop/P.I. detective series out there, but in my estimation, Connelly's Bosch series is the best, and *Angels Flight* shows why.<br />The theme in this novel is the atmosphere of racial distrust and recriminations against the Los Angeles police that has emerged in the wake of the Rodney King cases and the O.J. Simpson trial.  Connelly succeeds for the most part in capturing the tragic essence of what has been wrought by the legacy of police misconduct and the African American reaction to it in the city of angels.  <br />Not surprisingly, he is most effective in presenting the police perspective here: the outrage and frustration at the deterioration of police credibilty in the community overall; the combination of anger and grudging admiration that a get-the-police black attorney might elicit from conscientious police professionals; the increasing disillusionment as the politicization of police affairs becomes ever more complete.  <br />If there is a weakness in Connelly's adventuresome foray into political territory, it's related to the delicate and difficult race-related theme he has addressed here.  To succeed totally in this endeavor, Connelly must navigate through some extremely tricky sociological issues, and it becomes apparent that he might be in a bit over his head in this regard.  When attempting to provide the African American perspective on police presence and conduct in LA, for example, Connelly does a decent but not outstanding job.  Clearly, here he is an &quot;outsider.&quot;  <br />This flaw is forgiveable, of course, in light of the fact that his principal task is to provide an engrossing police mystery.  Here, he succeeds brilliantly, as always.  Along the way, he presents a picture of contemporary society that is dark, frightening, almost hopeless.  To say that this novel is &quot;noir&quot; is an understatement.  Connelly's portrayal of human nature, contemporary police and civil politics, and the ongoing deterioration of &quot;the California dream&quot; in the city of angels is stunningly powerful.  This is not a book that will appeal to the faint of heart.<br />As always, there is a thread in this novel that continues &quot;the story&quot; where it left off in his previous mystery in which Bosch was the protagonist.  Consequently, whereas this book certainly can provide a can't-put-it-down read for those who have never read any of the previous Bosch mysteries, these books are best appreciated if they are read in chronological order, beginning with *The Black Echo*.<br />Currently, I've been reading Dennis Lehane and Robert Crais mysteries.  These are terrific, but as I turn the pages I can't wait for the next Bosch novel to be released.
B000009QPE|5.0|Listen up all you Marilyn Manson-lovin trench-coat wearin angst ridden young people out there : THIS is what you need. There has never been a finer expression of rage in music ever crafted by the hand of man. period. From the moment Tom Ayraya's scream rises from the bowels of the underworld to pierce your eardrums this record will grab you and pummel you relentlessly until you emerge  on the other side, naked and delusional but PURGED, made pure by the fire of this music. trust me on this one, because I was once like you- YOU NEED THIS!
B0000024ZC|2.0|I am a big GG fan and I appreciate that they were experimenting all the time.  However, just because something is musically innovative doesn't mean it is enjoyable.  I tried for YEARS to like listening to this album because I knew it was clever.  It is like trying to enjoy brussel sprouts because you know they are good for you.  Sad truth is I try each about once every few years and then remember quickly why it had been a long time since I tried them last.
B000002J2D|3.0|Anyone who thinks Peter Gabriel's departure from Genesis was a major blow should listen to And Then There Were Three.  While not a terrible album, it fails to capture what is great about the band and leaves the listener craving more substantial music.  The central problem is that Steve Hackett's departure left a huge, gaping hole in the bands' sound, a hole that Tony Banks' keyboards could not fill. In addition, they were left without a real direction other than to try writing short pop songs.  These songs took the form of little ditties about forgettable subjects like &quot;poor little Nemo&quot; and the monsters in his dreams (Scenes from a Night's Dream), or a message to &quot;go west, young man&quot; (Deep in the Motherlode).  Throughout them all, the sound of massed sythesizers quickly becomes tiresome.  There is clearly an effort to patch over the absence of a good guitarist as Mike Rutherford was in the process of learning how to play lead at the time.  The album is not without it's high points, however.  Many too Many is one of my favorite Genesis songs, and Follow You Follow Me really isn't a bad tune either (although I'm obligated to hate it as a fan of the progressive Genesis).  Luckily for the band it became a hit and possibly saved their careers.  If it wasn't for Follow You Follow Me, this album would certainly have ended up in the discount bins in short order as it fails to appeal to fans of the progressive Genesis.  By alienating these fans without attracting new ones, And Then There Were Three could have been a death knell for the band.  The Undertow is a good song too.  Tony Banks based his first solo album on the lyrics in this one.  While I'm not sure it's brilliant enough to write a cycle of songs around, The Undertow does have that classic Genesis feel.  When I heard Vancouver and The Day the Lights Went Out on the latest box set I was flabbergasted.  Why were they left off this album?  They were two of the best songs recorded during the And Then There Were Three sessions.  The rest of the material is pleasant enough and has some good melodies but is ultimately forgettable.  Most of the songs are interchangable and wear thin with repeat listenings.<br />You've got to be very into Genesis in order to love this album.  If you are, you will certainly find some songs that you like; but at the end of the day, you will be hearing the sound of a band that's been slugged in the solar plexus and is gasping for air.
6305728437|5.0|My entire family-- including aunts, uncles and grandparents-- watched &quot;Mulan&quot; last Christmas and loved it. The story, a young Chinese girl fights in her injured father's place against the Hun army, is more complex than many animated movies. The nuances about culture, family honor, ethics and values, and how to take risks that others might not take, add strong issues to the plot and sub-plots. Above all, &quot;Mulan&quot; is amusing, a good story, adn fast-paced. <br />I enjoyed the music, which is rare for me. I also loved how feisty Mulan was. And I sure didn't blame her for falling for the guy-- he was so CUTE!
B00003CX9W|4.0|What's up with the crackling sound in the left surround speaker when in DTS mode? Am I the only one with this problem?
0440234743|3.0|I have read all of Grisham's work and always look forward to reading his latest.  Some have been better than others, of course, but reading The Testament (and listening to the audiobook later) was a very schizophrenic experience for me.  I thought the part concerning Nate, Rachel and the fantastic location of the rainforest was great--interesting, unusual and the plot certainly kept my attention. But when the story went back to the Phelan family nightmare, I asked myself if it was the same book.  The characters here are so stereotyped they seem like caricatures--so obnoxious and greedy as to be farcical.  I remember thinking &quot;Come on, John, you can do better than all these cardboard cutouts.&quot;  Nevertheless, the intriguing glimpse he gave us of life along the Amazon and its tributeries made reading the novel worthwhile. (Besides, Nate is someone I can sort of relate to!)
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool's \\"Aenima\\" was the turning point for the band. Where they stepped out of the style they had been working on with the \\"Opiate\\" EP and the commercially successful \\"Undertow\\" and created something completely different and unheard of. Whereas the band's sound was slightly more accessible before, on \\"Aenima\\" the songs have less definition and are open to multiple interpretations. The songs (if they can even be called that) are monolithic and unpredictable. Even today, I can still find new things each time I listen. From Maynard's cryptic and pessimistic lyrics, to the groove carved out by the amazing rhythm section of Justin Chancellor and Danny Carrey and the massive riffs of Adam Jones, this is truly the album that keeps giving.<br /><br />Sounds Like: Seriously angry and seriously trippy.<br /><br />The Good:<br /><br />- The album begs repeat listens over and over and never gets old.<br /><br />- As always, the band is amazing and Maynard is up to the task of delivering clever lyrics and haunting vocals.<br /><br />- It sounds like absolutely nothing before it's time.<br /><br />The Bad:<br /><br />- If you have a short attention span, you could fall asleep.<br /><br />Hits: Well, the album isn't really about hits, but \\"Stinkfist,\\" \\"Forty-Six & 2\\" \\"H\\" and the title-track are always good fun to listen to by themselves.<br /><br />Misses: Well, none, really. It's one, big cohesive piece.<br /><br />Future: The album has been out for ten years, and I steal hear it on the radio and it remains Tool's undisputed masterpiece. Here's to ten more years.<br /><br />Personally: I can never tire of this album. I'll admit that Tool's other albums can be limited, but this is the one that I can always find time to throw on.<br /><br />Best Listened To When: You don't know what else to listen to.
0441172717|4.0|this book is an exelant book it has twist and turns that are unexpected. The auther is cunning and layers and layers of diffrent plots aginst each other. The worst thing about the book it is a slow read becuase you are getting some much differnt twist and turns in just one page.
B000002JNJ|5.0|I had originally written Pantera off as a hair metal band (read my 'Reinventing the Steel' review) mostly because at the time the songs that I had heard didn't impress me much, and at the time, just seemed like useless noise. Back in July I bought this CD off a friend for 5 dollars. I figured, what the heck, it can't be that bad. And no, it wasn't, in fact, it was REALLY great! Pantera are undoubtedly the heaviest band out there, with every CD they get heavier. With most bands, it just ends up sounding stupid, but they always throw in different melodies and the greatest riffs, mostly derivative of Black Sabbath and early Metallica. 'Cemetary Gates' is the best song on here, in my opinion, it shows that Pantera can go mellow and still sound great. 'Domination' is probably the heaviest on here, and another favorite of mine.<br />Don't be stupid like me, give bands more of a chance before you judge them. If you like Pantera, I suggest Fear Factory, Sepultura, Soulfly, and Slaves on Dope.
B00003CXDG|1.0|What an unbelievable disappointment! This movie was a joke, a cut-rate piece of schlock that had absolutely nothing to do with Mission Impossible (the first movie or the series). It's hard to believe this was such a commercial success; guess Tom Cruise can really bring 'em in, even when he's in robot mode. This is two hours of precious time you can't get back; don't waste 'em on this piece of garbage.
B0000039LE|5.0|Halloween was the first horror movie I saw, around age 8. And since then it has remained a favorite movie of mine. Instead of the usual &quot;Have sex, walk off, get slashed&quot; formula that most horrors have, this movie works more on the element of suspense. You never really know where Michael Meyers is at times. And at other times, you see him coming, but the character doesn't and you find yourself yelling at the screen. That's the kind of horror movie I enjoy. The chilling music, courtesy of John Carpenter, basically holds together this movie. Without it, I don't think this movie would be regarded as such a classic. Michael Meyers' pale, expressionless mask adds even more to the vibe of the movie. The acting of Jamie Lee Curtis is very superb, and I don't think they could of cast a better actress for her roll. I really love this movie. Do not miss out on it.
B00000K19E|4.0|A lot of the reviews of this very entertaining film mention the various sources it draws from: other films, comics, &quot;cyberpunk&quot; fiction (particularly that of William Gibson.) All this is true, but mostly on a superficial level. The real source of the foundation concept of &quot;The Matrix&quot; is the brilliant 1968 Sci-Fi novel &quot;The Futurological Congress&quot; by Stanislaw Lem. I'm not talking about some kind of coincidental parallel here. Read the book (one of the best SF stories ever written, by one of the most influential SF writers ever) and you'll know what I'm talking about.
B00004Y7SF|3.0|I bought this CD thinking it would be the best Christmas cd ever. I was wrong.I love Christina Aguilera but with this cd it sounds like she rushed to have it done.I did like some of the songs.I thought she did a good job with songs like&quot;Oh Holy Night&quot;and&quot;Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas&quot;.But then tracks 1 and 2 sound like she just did not take any time on them at all.All in all this cd was good,but if she ever does another Christmas CD she should take her time with it.
079073639X|1.0|One of the other reviews said &quot;I like the idea behind this movie.&quot; Well, here you go: The idea behind both this movie (as well as &quot;Event Horizon&quot;) and the Michael Crichton book is the concept put forth in the much greater Stanislaw Lem novel &quot;Solaris&quot;. If Lem cared more about bothering to deal with American pop-culture &quot;creators&quot; he could most definitely sue the authors and makers of the various blatant rip-offs of his works. If you don't know what I'm talking about then read &quot;Solaris&quot; or see the Andrei Tartofsky film adaptation (of which &quot;Event Horizon&quot; in particular is a complete rip-off.) Lem has been an unattributed source of a lot of ideas that Hollywood has gussied up, even though his works are quite brilliant enough in themselves. &quot;The Matrix&quot; is another prime example. It was a very fun flick, but anyone who thinks the concept, and even a lot of the specific details, were original simply must read Lem's splendid and hilarious 1968 novel &quot;The Futurological Congress.&quot;
B00004YKUX|4.0|On the surface, it seems as if Johnny Cash is shrewdly prolonging his legendary career by releasing the same safe album every few years, a covers-heavy assortment of alt-rock hits and obscure blues and country nuggets produced by modern-music mastermind Rick Rubin. But while American III: Solitary Man follows this formula, it completely eschews the rock approach favored by the previous installment Unchained, instead subjecting each selection to a stark stripped-down treatment that makes even the bleak initial American Recordings seem ornate by comparison. And like its predecessors, it's good enough to leave naysayers stammering once they move from criticizing the concept to actually listening to the record.   Cash's best remakes are shiver-inducing in their woeful intensity, such as the shockingly grim \\"I See A Darkness\\" and the death-accepting statement of defiance \\"The Mercy Seat.\\" Other standouts, such as \\"Nobody\\" and \\"That Lucky Old Sun,\\" deal with loneliness instead of more macabre topics, but the quivering sadness in Cash's voice communicates that living alone is sometimes a more fearful prospect than dying. His takes on Tom Petty's \\"I Won't Back Down\\" and U2's \\"One\\" are destined to dominate review space and advertising copy, but they aren't the strongest tracks, though they do contain the finest guitar work on the album. Cash masterfully nudges \\"One\\"'s melody, leading it through near-silent passages to new depths of despair, but his straight-forward vocals fit uneasily with the backdrop, let alone the melodramatic lyrical content. Cash seems much more at home telling the tragic tale of \\"Mary of the Wild Moor,\\" his commanding voice adding emotional weight to the plight of a grief-stricken family. And when swapping lines with Merle Haggard on the relatively melodic original \\"I'm Leavin' Now,\\" Cash shines, his voice sounding far from age-weathered. The Man in Black's recordings remain vital, and although he's definitely following a framework, the most crucial similarity between this and the other American records is its instant-classic caliber quality.
B000051ZST|3.0|\\"Road Trip\\" is sometimes funny, occasionally hilarious, but mostly puerile and sophomoric.  It is yet another boorish lampoon of college life that relies on heavy doses of outrageousness, crassness and crudely sexual jokes to lure its audience.  It was successful in this regard, grossing (no pun intended) close to $70 million on a meager $15 million budget.  The film clearly targets MTV males and it knows its audience, offering plenty of gratuitous female nudity and chauvinistic aphorisms like, \\"It's not cheating if you're not in the same area code.\\"  I really don't have a problem with nudity, but having half a dozen scenes that linger gapingly on topless women who don't contribute anything to the story is nothing more than tasteless voyeurism used to pump up the testosterone factor.<br />The story itself is a flimsy and predictable excuse for a sitcom.  Writer/Director Todd Phillips throws so much outlandish foolishness at the audience that he can't help but get a laugh every few minutes.  In this regard, I have to give him credit for a job well done.  He manages the actors and the comedy bits well and keeps the pace up.<br />The acting is probably the best part of the film.  Breckin Meyer is excellent as the tortured hero trying to beat the videotape of his indiscretion to his girlfriend's dorm room.  Meyer has a dry and deadpan wit that works well with all the inanity around him.  MTV veteran Tom Green is so far around the bend in this film that he can see his own derriere.  Green is a master of shock comedy and will do or say anything to get a reaction, including eating a live mouse.  My favorite newcomer was DJ Qualls who played Kyle, the bashful geek whose looks alone provide continual physical comedy.<br />I usually enjoy lowbrow slapstick comedy but this was zanier than even I could handle.  I rated it a 6/10.  Add two points if you are in college and another two points if you are a male 25 or under.  This film is not for the genteel or for those offended byvulgarity, nudity or promiscuity.
0441172717|4.0|I've read many science fiction books and Dune is one of the best i've ever read. Frank Herbert done a good job on how he wrote his book. When I got done reading Dune it made me want to go read all his other books. I recomend you read Frank Herberts Dune.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Carlos,<br />TO spread the message of world music. WE must all consider you the master of ceremonies. Your new record defines the fusion of world music. I want to bring to your attention an overlooked band.<br />CYMANDE pronounced ( sah mahn day )! These original funky brothers from all hailing from the West Indies created the most amazing and invigorating fusion of funk and african reggae ever heard.<br />Most famously sampled by the Fugees, De La Soul ,EPMD and many others. Cymande is one of the most sampled bands in Hip Hop ever. <br />However, no longer is this band hip hop's little secret. The new album CYMANDE &quot;THE SOUL OF RASTA&quot; allows new listeners to hear the great original tracks in a re mastered format. Featuring &quot;Brother's on the Slide&quot; and &quot;Listen&quot;. This is an anthology of their most memorable material from the original 3 LPs recorded the between 1972-1974 in London, UK. Its unfortunate that their amazing musicianship was too unique for the period. <br />Yet today people are rediscovering and grooving to these hidden jewels. Dive in and feel the Funk!
B00000JMQC|5.0|This Disney &quot;sequel&quot; (it holds the world record with the longest interval after the original movie) is far more serious, more adult, more Gothic, more artful, and nevertheless more true to the original Oz books from the turn of the century. In fact, Tim Burton himself could've made this brooding yet lovely movie!<br />Based on two Oz books, &quot;The Marvelous Land of Oz&quot; and &quot;Princess Ozma of Oz&quot;, Dorothy Gale (more like a real child than the post-pubescent Judy Garland) got whisked back to Oz after escaping the witch-like clutches of a tall, dark nurse at a mental hospital where she had been admitted for her &quot;raving&quot; fantasies. Thus she ran into the very colorful Wheelies who happened to be groveling servants of the wicked Mombie, who was so vain she would literally wear the heads of the most beautiful women in the whole land. And...the old witch WANTS the poor innocent little girl's pretty, long-braided head for her grisly collection! Fortunately, our young heroine meets a whole bunch of new Oz friends like Jack Pumpkinhead, Tik-Tok Man, and Gump the fantastic flying device to help her escape! However, our most favorite fairyland is being held fast in the ruthless iron fist of the evil Nome King, so it's up to Dorothy to SAVE the very land she had grown to love.<br />What a wonderfully whimsical fantasy tale so deftly woven with the clever combination of puppetry and claymation (ooh...you should've seen the smooth transformation of the rock-faced old Nome King into a real human being!) And quite unlike the more circus-like 1939 film, this one will be more of a dreamy flight through the fanciest visions any fantasy lover could conjure up! Oh, and you'll get to meet your dearest old friends like Scarecrow, Tin Woodsman, and The Cowardly Lion, though they only appear for the briefest seconds.:(
B00000055E|5.0|This album is 4 tru fans.  IF u dont like pac dont get this cd get all eyes on me.  This cd shows all sides of pac and i think is well put together. So if u like pac pick this cd up.
0880389052|3.0|You would think that as many good responses this book has generated, it would be the best book ever, however, that is not the case.<br />The book is well written, and the story is good, but it just could not keep my attention.  I finally did finish the entire book, not ready to pick up the next, but to find my nearest File 13 (trashcan) to dispose of it properly.<br />Drizzt is a wonderful character, but the writer doesn't go into as much detail as I had hoped for.  To be completely honest, I can't place what I really didn't like about the book...I just didn't like it.<br />Ash Tindal
6304140428|5.0|I'm so sick of people posting one star reviews when they just &quot;don't get&quot; a classic film.  If you don't get this movie, go back to watching Will Smith and Jean-Claude Van Damme.  You don't deserve to be posting comments on the board of an awe-inspiring film such as this.  One of the original dark, almost noir-like films to make it big, you can't go wrong with &quot;Who's afraid of Virginia Wolfe.&quot;  I would rate this six stars if I could.
B000002TQV|5.0|This was the first Radiohead classic, the first one to really wow everyone and establish Radiohead as a great band.  Simply put Radiohead have produced some of the best music in their three classics thus far (Bends, OK Computer, Kid A) and a lot of that is on this record. Great songs like Just, My Iron Lung, Fake Plastic Trees, Planet Telex, Street Spirit, High and Dry (basically the whole CD) are masterpieces. This one is more song oriented than OKC and Kid A yet it portrays 'classic' Radiohead throughout and will not disapoint anyone that owns it.
0441172717|4.0|The Book Dune, was in my opinion a very detailled book.  It made you think about what the world could be like in a few million years.  Dune was a very good book and it had lots of good detail. The book was written very throughly and it made me think about space for some reason.  You get to witness the destruction of a city and then they make a new world for their people to live in.
B0000041Q3|5.0|As a last opera Puccini really outdid himself.  In this opera there are still many great melodies which could have given way to the effects of modernism during that time.  Puccini also died before he finished the opera.  Well, had the opera been left uncompleted it would still be a great work of music.  Of the cast, unbeatable.  Joan Sutherland is amazing.  Not only does she portray  an icy character with just enough vulnerability, but she hits some notes in the stratosphere with ease and without any sign of strain.  Luciano Pavarotti is also in top form.  He seemed to have sung better in his later years and though he is not one of my favorites, who can sing the role of Calaf better than he can.  His high notes are still there in perfection.  Monserrat Caballe is the beauty in this set, who can sing such piannisimo as she can.  It is heartbreaking to hear her die later in the opera.  The supporting cast is great too.  Nicolai Ghiarov fails again to portray the little weak old man, but he really has a stonewall of a voice.  When he sang &quot;Ah! Delitto orrendo,&quot; I was almost on my knees begging for forgiveness.  Peter Pears also makes a special appearance. Mehta, of course, is the man, the singing probably wouldn't sound as good without him and he doesn't sound very obtrusive in the process.  Great set don't miss it.
0441172717|4.0|I thought that the book was ok. I like sci fi books but this got to deep and intense.  I enjoyed the book at some points.  Like when Jessica  became the revrend mother and she was pregnent and her daughter got all the memorys too. And every one thinks that she is a streange child. I like the idea that she killed the Barron.  You dont see many 3 year olds doing that.  I thought that the book was ok for being a sci fi book. But I dont think that I will continue on with the other novels.<br />Thank you. Francie
B000002LAC|5.0|This CD is just a great treat to listen to. Parton, Ronstadt and Harris were meant to sing together. Producer George Massenburg waved his magic wand in the studio and let these great vocalists produce superlative sounds. The harmonies are on par with anything the sisters of The Rankin Family sang. It helps that this trio had great material to work with. The opener &quot;The Pain Of Loving You&quot; (written by Parton and Porter Wagoner) sounds as fresh today as when it was first written in 1971 - the bluegrass feel to this one is just great. Parton's &quot;Wildflowers&quot; is wonderfully written, but could have been made a lot better by increasing the oomph of the percussion after the first verse and chorus. Ronstadt shows off her vocal chops to great effect on &quot;Telling Me Lies&quot; and &quot;Those Memories Of You&quot; perhaps showcases the trio's harmonies the best. This is a solid recording that has become and will stay timeless. First-rate.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Is this movie very bad? Yes.  Does have some great cars special effects?  Yes, but not enough to buy it.  This movie does have its moments if you have the whole surround sound set-up, but it the movie drags for about an hour before they start to steal the cars. Definitly a blockbuster movie if you need to see it, but even with the rental you might be dissapointed you spent the (money).
B000002AV5|5.0|Yup, all the hits are here from the 80's and early 90's. It is so refreshing to hear one unique song after another, each one filled with special nuances, vocal phrasing and musical treats. Even the songs on here that weren't hit smashes meld so effectively with the ones that were, that the entire CD comes off as sounding complete and satisfying. Sade's success also comes off as being earthy and grounded, making her and her music an even greater joy to listen to. Highlights here are the massive hits &quot;Your Love Is King&quot;, &quot;Hang On To Your Love&quot;, &quot;Smooth Operator&quot; and &quot;The Sweetest Taboo&quot;. However, the highlights for me are the darker, soul-filled, propulsive songs &quot;Never As Good As The First Time&quot; and &quot;Paradise&quot;, which, in particular, possesses one of the greatest opening sounds ever - a deep bass combined with a percussive groove that continues throughout the song - fabulous. This is a keeper.
B000053ZRR|5.0|This truly is a must have for any hard rock/bon jovi fan.  This concert spans their entire career - even includes the old classic &quot;runaway&quot; (a personal fav of mine).<br />I cannot comment expertly on the audio quality, because my song system isn't that crash hot (still saving for that Marantz amp), but to these ears it doesn't sound too bad.<br />Over 20 songs, plus a 30 minute documentary, plus the music videos of it's my life and say it isn't so, make this great value for money
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|If I could use this DVD for toilet paper, at least it would provide some value to me. Because that is where this movie belongs, &quot;in the toilet&quot;. I have never seen a movie that is so filled with insulting and degrading &quot;so called&quot; humor. Parts of it were so bad that I used the fast forward key numerous times. I do not mind R rated movies and I own several that I consider excellent shows. This is not an R rated movie, it should be rated X, but alas they don't have that rating anymore. To anyone who might consider buying this movie, I can give you exact directions to the local landfill where my copy will reside.
B000001EUL|4.0|Michael Schenker rejoins his first band for an awesome hard-rock album, probably the Scorpions best. I know Michael plays lead on the songs indicated, but if you listen to &quot;Loving you Sunday Morning&quot; you will swear that was Schenker. And I do believe that I read in an interview that Michael says he played lead on 4 or 5 songs not 3. Whatever, it is a great album and a huge milestone in Rock n Roll. Sadly it lasted only a few months. The Scorpions music today is very average at best, maybe they need another jump-start; MICHAEL are you out there?
B0000399WI|5.0|BESIDES ALL OTHER QUALITIES OF ENTERTAINMENT AND DRAMA THIS MOVIE HAS SOMETHING EXTRA ORDINARY TO TELL ABOUT THE FACTS OF LIFE. IT  IS ABOUT HOPE, IT IS ABOUT DETERMINATION, IT IS ABOUT HUMAN CODITIONING, HOW ONE GETS INSTITUTIONALZED IN JAIL AND HOW EVEN THE FREEDOM AFTER 40/50 YEARS DOES NOT GIVE YOU JOY BUT THE MISERY. &quot;GET BUSY DYING OR GET BUSY LIVING&quot; IS THE THE BEST QUOTE WITH WHICH ONE CAN LOOK FARWARD TO THE LIFE AHEAD.
B000002UAU|5.0|I agree with the reviewers that say it is pointless to review this album. But the Beatles' music makes me at least want to take the opportunity to say &quot;Wow.&quot; Sgt. Pepper is both timely and timeless. The forays into sound experiments were certainly influential and intriguing in their time (and in many instances, still intrigue) but strip all the production away and you're still left with wonderful songs. Great melodies, engaging lyrics...in fact, one of the great accomplishments of the Beatles was how incredibly well their music complements their lyrics to create something even greater as a whole. Whether you like the Beatles or not, whether you like Sgt. Pepper or not is, as always, a matter of personal taste. But you're doing yourself a great disservice if you don't listen to their music and listen again. This album is so inventive, so solid, so well-crafted, so influential and so enduring you would have to be arrogant or small-minded indeed to give it anything but a top rating.
B0000067L3|5.0|Consisting of one entire disc of studio material and a second disc culled from Cream's 1967 American tour, Wheels of Fire presents two dramaticly different views of the quintessential power trio. Beginning with White Room, a tour de fource electric blues classic, Cream leaves no doubt as to their virtuosity and improvisional skills. They also pay homage to Chester Burnette AKA Howlin Wolf on Sitting On Top of The World and cover Albert King's Born Under A Bad Sign. Both are deftly rendered with Cream's unique blend of electric blues and psycedellic soul. Then there's Passing The Time, Pressed Rat and Warthog, Those Were The Days, Deserted Cites of The Heart and As You Said, all Pete Brown/Jack Bruce orginals. Brown and Bruce form one of the sixities/early seventies most unique and orginal song writing teams. Brown's strange and surreal lyrics create a world where wathogs sell amplified hate and Pressed rat's collection of dog legs and feet. After Cream disbanned in 1968, they joined together for Jack Bruce's Songs For A Taylor, one of the most underated albums of the golden age of rock. <br />The Live disc consists of the Willie Dixon's blues classic Spoonful, (the UK release of Fresh Cream contained a studio version) and only three other selections. Crossroads is one of the rare opportunities for Clapton to step into the spotlight and demonstrate his vocal prowess. He was very shy to do so at this stage of his career, particularly on the concert stage. But here he delivers a confident and soulful reading of the Robert Johnson classic. Traintime is perhaps the only performance ever, (or at least as far as I know) of a harmonica and drum duet. Ginger Baker and Jack Bruce wail through twenty odd minutes of frantic &quot;giddy up traintime&quot; maddness. Then there's Baker's drum solo to end all drum solos. In the sixities and early seventies a concert performance, by any rock band worth their salt, had to include an extended drum solo. There were some great ones thatreadily come to mind, Soul Sacrafice by Santana at Woodstock, Moby Dick a great John Bonham solo by Zeplin and the duel percussion attack by Jaimo and Buth Trucks on the Allman Brother's Mountian Jam. But for sheer stamina, creativity and all out balls, Toad wins hands down. Baker was the first to create a twin base technique and here he demonstrates his virtuosity in delivering an incredible two-footed base performance that defies human capabilitiy. Ginger Baker is the most inventive and dynamic drummer ever to beat a skin in the rock world. As musicians, all three members of Cream are artists of the highest caliber and for a short while delighted the world with their creative genius and improasational skill. Look to Wheels Of Fire to capture them at the zenith of their powers.
006097625X|3.0|I got the feeling reading this book that the editors didn't work too hard on this book, maybe figuring that since the first book was so popular they shouldn't mess with it. Big mistake in my opinion. The book is too long, repetitive, and yet never makes any definative statements. Here's my summary of the whole book: &quot;What is the future of comics? I don't know and I'm not even gonna guess.&quot; No where near the usefulness of the first book, which I re-read all the time.
B0000067L3|5.0|Consisting of one entire disc of studio material and a second disc culled from Cream's 1967 American tour, Wheels of Fire presents two dramaticly different views of the quintessential power trio. Beginning with White Room, a tour de fource electric blues classic, Cream leaves no doubt as to their virtuosity and improvisional skills. They also pay homage to Chester Burnette AKA Howlin Wolf on Sitting On Top of The World and cover Albert King's Born Under A Bad Sign. Both are deftly rendered with Cream's unique blend of electric blues and psycedellic soul. Then there's Passing The Time, Pressed Rat and Warthog, Those Were The Days, Deserted Cites of The Heart and As You Said, all Pete Brown/Jack Bruce orginals. Brown and Bruce form one of the sixities/early seventies most unique and orginal song writing teams. Brown's strange and surreal lyrics create a world where wathogs sell amplified hate and Pressed rat's collection of dog legs and feet. After Cream disbanned in 1968, they joined together for Jack Bruce's Songs For A Taylor, one of the most underated albums of the golden age of rock. <br />The Live disc consists of the Willie Dixon's blues classic Spoonful, (the UK release of Fresh Cream contained a studio version) and only three other selections. Crossroads is one of the rare opportunities for Clapton to step into the spotlight and demonstrate his vocal prowess. He was very shy to do so at this stage of his career, particularly on the concert stage. But here he delivers a confident and soulful reading of the Robert Johnson classic. Traintime is perhaps the only performance ever, (or at least as far as I know) of a hermonica and drum duet. Ginger Baker and Jack Bruce wail through twenty odd minutes of frantic &quot;giddy up traintime&quot; maddness. Then there's Baker's drum solo to end all drum solos. In the sixities and early seventies a concert performance, by any rock band worth their salt, had to include an extended drum solo. There were some great ones thatreadily come to mind, Soul Sacrafice by Santana at Woodstock, Moby Dick a great John Bonham solo by Zeplin and the duel percussion attack by Jaimo and Buth Trucks on the Allman Brother's Mountian Jam. But for sheer stamina, creativity and all out balls, Toad wins hands down. Baker was the first to create a twin base technique and here he demonstrates his virtuosity in delivering an incredible two-footed base performance that defies human capabilitiy. Ginger Baker is the most inventive and dynamic drummer ever to beat a skin in the rock world. As musicians, all three members of Cream are artists of the highest caliber and for a short while delighted the world with their creative genius and improasational skill. Look to Wheels Of Fire to capture them at the zenith of their powers.
0525457585|5.0|I absolutely fell in love with this book the first time I read it and I've read it several times since. It is one of the best imaginary childrens books ever written. It really does give you an escape and it involves you in the book as much as it involves Bastian. I've read it to my brothers and sisters a couple of times as well and it is the perfect book to read to children. I would strongly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a cozy escape to a land full of magic and wonderful things.
B00000I950|5.0|I consider this album to be the group's highest point of all of the original studio albums. The completely infectious melody of &quot;KISSES OF FIRE&quot; and the effortless polished glamour of &quot;IF IT WASN'T FOR THE NIGHTS&quot;, it is very easy to see that on this disc ABBA has outdone themselves. As a teenager, I find ABBA to be the perfect alternative to &quot;Britney Spears&quot; and all of the Boy Bands. ABBA proves that at one time, artists could actually sing! This album is a direct variation of it's predecessors &quot;Arrival, and The Album&quot;. It simply verged on spotting them as having a more trendy attitude. One listen to &quot;LOVERS LIVE A LITTLE LONGER&quot; or &quot;AS GOOD AS NEW&quot; and you'll be dancing all night! Two thumbs up to this polished, glittering dico jewel that will always be in your head! BEST TRACKS: Kisses of Fire, Lovers Live A Little Longer, If It Wasn't For The Nights, As Good As New
0441172717|4.0|I thought that the book Dune was a great science fiction book. The book had many new ideas to add to science fiction. I thought that the book was great because it had so much information. You have to be fairly intellegent to understand this book. The book was really deep in explaining the whole world of Arakis. The characters were used well in so that you could understand each of their personalitys.
0441172717|5.0|I am not a Science Fiction fan, but I really enjoyed reading Dune because it was unique and interesting.  It was hard to understand what was happening lots of the time, but I liked it that way.  It had a unique and layered plot that I haven't seen in a book before. I thought that each character was interesting a carefully created. The only downer I have about &quot;Dune,&quot; is the ending.  It ends just like almost every other book ends with the bad guy loosing and everything ending happily ever after. I feel something dramatic should have happened at the end.  I would recommend reading it, and I think Frank Herbert is an excellent writer.
B00004STPT|5.0|this sound track has, i think, the most beautiful music. i dont own the cd, but my school band plays the music in a marching band. they make it sound so beautiful, even though it is not the original music. but it still sounds the same.
B000050FEN|5.0|I thought this movie was incredible the first time I saw it - I love films that DON'T end the way you expect them to, that don't follow the safe and true path, so if you don't already own the videotape or the original DVD release, that alone is a great reason to buy (or at least rent) this new DVD.<br />We'll start off there...<br />1. It's simply a great movie.  A modern classic.  The screenplay is just brilliant.  The characters are developed and complex.  Screenwriter Walker hit upon a great idea and ran with it.  (And I am bitterly jealous.)  Even if New Line were able to get away with making it into just another cheesy cop flick, the idea would have been intriguing.  Walker went the extra mile, though, and pushed himself to try new twists and turns.  Kudos to him and directory David Fincher, Brad Pitt, Morgan Freeman and everyone else who pushed to keep the plot's integrity.  The acting is superbe, Gweneth Paltrow is a true angel and Kevin Spacey (yes, lovably average-looking Kevin Spacey from &quot;American Beauty&quot;) just resonates with evil.<br />2. It's not just my assumption that New Line tried to &quot;emsculate&quot; (my word) the &quot;SE7EN&quot; script; it's on the record now with the &quot;Stars&quot; commentary track.  It's never been easy to get a movie made when it cuts against the grain (just ask Terry Gilliam).  Studio suits are notorious whimps when it comes to trying out new stuff, as Fincher, Pitt and Freeman attest to.  Though the suits may not think so, I think the director and actors are being nice - they don't name so many names.  But they do talk about the battle with the studio to keep the picture from being watered down and turned into just another blas&eacute; film version of a TV cop show.  Plus you get to feel like one of their buds as they talk fairly candidly about what was going on during production, their thoughts and feelings about the story, etc.  It is particularly interesting to list to Morgan Freeman analyse his character's psyche and hear how he came to certain acting choices - a gem for other actors.  The &quot;Stars&quot; audio track is often quite funny, too, as with Fincher and Pitt's observations about how the dead GLUTTONY guy was &quot;enhanced&quot; (again my word) to recompense the actor for having enduring hours of make-up and playing a stiff.<br />3. Speaking of commentaries, the &quot;Sound&quot; commentary track with Fincher, Author Richard Dyer, composer Howard Shore and sound designer Ren Klyce is an enlightening treat, one I've never experienced before (though I don't own every DVD out there).  They explain the complex process of applying the different continuous sounds of the city and music in a digestible fashion.  It'a fascinating, too, to watch the movie with the background noise brought to the fore and the dialogue and up-front sound effects cut out.  Very surreal.<br />And tying into that...<br />4. The sound has been remixed for the home theater, and it will blow you away.  There's background noise everywhere, just like in a real city.  It's crisp, it's clear, it's there in your face (or rather your ear, if you prefer).  Why, their creation is alive!  It's aliiiiive!<br />5. The &quot;Story&quot; commentary track with Fincher, Dyer, screenwriter Andrew Kevin Walker, editor Richard Francis-Bruce and New Line production president Michael De Luca breaks the story down piece by piece.  This track alone should be a film school student's dream come true; it dissects the movie nearly scene by scene.  Wannabe screenwriters and movie directors should listen to this track over and over again.<br />6. The picture quality on this new DVD cannot be overstated.  It has been transferred from the original negative and it is simply sumptuous.  It's not a post card, mind you, and it's not meant to be, but it no longer has that &quot;ER&quot; faded feeling to it, either.  For example, the all important color RED really JUMPS OUT out at you from the darkness now, adding to thecreepiness of the moment.  When something is supposed to be disgusting, again like the dead GLUTTONY guy, it is.  It's just so real and vivid, like you're there in the moment.  It's unlikely that many movies will ever get the loving treatment &quot;SE7EN&quot; has received for this new DVD release, and it's a shame.  This makes those movies that have been rushed out onto DVD to make a quick buck (and there are plenty of them) look that much crappier.  (Ever see &quot;Splash&quot; on DVD?)  That's why people who love movies, and not greedy MBA schmucks, should run movie studios.<br />7. Although I've watched the movie's original opening (I think they could have kept it in, but with the new vibrating title sequence), there's still a ton of stuff on the second supplemental DVD I haven't yet had time to explore.  I have the &quot;Fight Club&quot; DVD, though, and even though that's a different studio (Fox), I am confident that David Fincher will not let me down, so my 7th reason for getting this DVD two-pack is all the fun exploring all the extra stuff, such as extended scenes, the fourth &quot;Picture&quot; commentary track, and veiwing the dead GLUTTONY guy frame by agonizing frame.  (If that's your thing, Sicko.)<br />This film may actually convince me to put off my mother's heart transplant so I can buy a DVD-ROM.<br />(Shut up, Mom!  No one lives forever!  Geez.)ness of the moment.  When something is supposed to be disgusting, again like the dead GLUTTONY guy, it is.  It's just so real and vivid, like you're there in the moment.  It's unlikely that many movies will ever get the loving treatment &quot;SE7EN&quot; has received for this new DVD release, and it's a shame.  This makes those movies that have been rushed out onto DVD to make a quick buck (and there are plenty of them) look that much crappier.  (Ever see &quot;Splash&quot; on DVD?)  That's why people who love movies, and not greedy MBA schmucks, should run movie studios.<br />7. Although I've watched the movie's original opening (I think they could have kept it in, but with the new vibrating title sequence), there's still a ton of stuff on the second supplemental DVD I haven't yet had time to explore.  I have the &quot;Fight Club&quot; DVD, though, and even though that's a different studio (Fox), I am confident that David Fincher will not let me down, so my 7th reason for getting this DVD two-pack is all the fun exploring all the extra stuff, such as extended scenes, the fourth &quot;Picture&quot; commentary track, and veiwing the dead GLUTTONY guy frame by agonizing frame.  (If that's your thing, Sicko.)<br />This film may actually convince me to put off my mother's heart transplant so I can buy a DVD-ROM.<br />(Shut up, Mom!  No one lives forever!  Geez.)
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|Scary Movie rates up there with American Pie and Road Trip. Pure and clever comedy pack this movie completely. With Marlon and Shawn Wayans writing and acting in it, you can't go wrong. Several references to other movies such as Scream 1-3, and I know what you did last summer make this movie so funny. Defintely order this DVD. You won't be disappointed!
031286504X|5.0|I don't know how much more I can say that others haven't already said. &quot;I Am Legend,&quot; and the short stories in this collection, all remind me of the classic &quot;Twilight Zones,&quot; with their psychological insightfulness and incredible twists. This is a must-read for those who like their horror stories on the sophisticated side.
0780018664|5.0|This is probably one of the best films depicting a serial killer that I have ever come across. The movie plot is pretty absurd with the whole of the self-rightous &quot;underground&quot; world of criminals uniting to catch the kindermorder who thretens to blacken their reputation! The Nazi propaganda is typically moronic, but that can safely be ignored to get to the climax where Lorre is being &quot;tried&quot; by the gangsters and gangland killers who think they are so much superior to them and he launched into his tirade. The killer is not an evil man, but one driven by an insane urge to kill, regardless of the consequences. Unlike the rest of the criminals who prosecute him, he does not do what he does for gain, but because his very nature, a drive that is alien even to him, forces him to obey. The sheer power of Lorre's perfromance, especially in the prosecution scene, blasts most other movies out of the water. There are few scenes as intense and revealing as this one. As a member of the progeny of UFA's expressionist classics, the movie is visually quite stunning and of course, highly artifical in its plot and acting, but this in no way takes away from its dramatic power. I wonder how it would have turned out had Lang not been under the Nazi censors wh forced hom to fell for his life a few years later?
0792842073|4.0|At first you may say to yourself:isn't this the kind of story in which the makers wanted to make a point?You are right ,because it's about the death penalty.Then you might reply:isn't this picture a little heavy on the side?Wrong, even if it could have been, but SEAN PENN and SUSAN SARANDON play their characters with great honesty and gradually they should win you over.If you still wonder if this is a director's picture, now you are right ,since only the story counts here ,but the treatment is earnest.
B00004YA66|5.0|Frequency was one of the greatest science fiction movies I've seen in a long time. The story was incredible and kept you on the edge of your seat throughout the movie. The plot was incredible, something I've never seen in a sci-fi movie before. This was a cross between &quot;Back to the Future&quot; and &quot;Field of Dreams&quot;. A movie unlike any other, it opens up your mind to the vastness and complexness of the time-space continuum and the idea that time is what you make of it, that your destiny is yours alone, that one person is significant, and that one life can impact so many others in such a large way. It's a great family movie, and an excellent thriller that teaches us that the love between a father and son can surpass time itself, and be something greater than anyone can imagine.
B00003CXE7|5.0|this movie rocks.  it kind of reminded me of Braveheart.  the action was excellent and i did't think it was too gorry for women to watch.
B00000JCOV|5.0|check out this ablum. If you think you have it bad, suddenly your life won't look so horrible after listening to this. Slipknot plays the hardest, most brutal music that you will ever hear. For about 60 minutes(with the secret track) you will be bombarded by unbeleivable basslines, simple yet effective guitar riffs, and the most yelling of explicitives that you will struggle to handle and digest. These guys aren't just some freaky masked weirdos trying to covor up for talent, they will completely change your life and your veiw of things.
B000002UEB|5.0|Outstanding rock show. You should catch them live and see them preform this classic piece before they no longer do it in their live shows. A flowing 15 piece set that gets you on the edge of your seat and keeps you there all the way until the end. I wish they would put out on DVD either Mindcrime or even better Livecrime!~
0441172717|5.0|GREATEST BOOK OF ALL TIME. READ IT, THEN READ IT AGAIN.
0736629297|5.0|It's a very interesting book  an you can't stop reading it.  The central figure is Leamas, a secret agent. After he lost all his agents in East Germany he got a new job to do- he became a defector. The reader too can't trust all the persons  and till the end you don't know on which side the agents are.  When you read a spy story for the first time, it's a bit complicated. I can really recommend this book
B000002I4S|4.0|This cd attracts more attention than any other from Coltrane's time with the Atlantic label. While this recording definitely set other musicians ears on fire due to it's extreme level of technical virtuosity on the song, Giant Steps, I do not consider that song to be the pinnacle of his Atlantic recordings as far as \\"listenability\\" is concerned. What I am saying here is, if you are a musician you'll be able to hear how amazingly difficult it is to play what Coltrane plays on the tune Giant Steps, Countdown, etc... but if you are a jazz fan who isn't a musician I don't think that Giant Steps will be your favorite Coltrane tune.<br /><br />This is without a doubt a totally great cd. No question. I just find that once you get past the amazement at Coltrane's blazing technical virtuosity on the tune Giant Steps that the song doesn't have much to offer the listener. As musical statements and extentions of the \\"song\\", I think things on this cd like Syeeda's Song Flute, Cousin Mary, and Spiral are much better examples of what made Coltrane a magical musician. They are just flat-out great tunes and Coltrane works them to perfection. Giant Steps (the tune) will always get the press and historical recognition though because it was a peak, a pinnacle of jazz technique and virtuosity, although look what happened. Just a few years later Coltrane completely abandoned the style and concepts that made Giant Steps famous. Why? Because I think he too realized that music can be about much more than cutting changes at super high speed, and beyond that, the song Giant Steps doesn't have much to offer a player or a listener. It's inherent difficulties actually limit the song from really growing and evolving emotionally.<br /><br />An all-around great cd, just don't let the hype surrounding the song, Giant Steps, overpower the other tunes on this cd.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have listened to this CD over and over, and I am VERY impressed with what I hear.  Some of these songs brings tears to my eyes, they are so beatiful.  I suggest everyone who loves Enya or sooth music, get this CD.  It has not dissapointed me, and I will enjoy this for years to come.
B000002I57|5.0|With all the press and discussion that surrounds the album immediately following this one, GIANT STEPS, this cd is all too often overlooked. Big mistake! This is one of my favorite cd's from Coltrane's time with the Atlantic label. I noticed in the previous reviews that a few people referred to Coltrane's sound and style as \\"harsh\\" or \\"attacking\\". That caught me off guard, I've never considered him to sound harsh on this at all. I could understand people thinking that way about some of his late-period playing but on this cd his playing flows like liquid silk. So many people think of Coltrane only as a harmonic genius but listening to this cd it is impossible to deny his total brilliance and mastery of rhythm. Quite simply, no one felt the pulse of a tune the way Coltrane did. This is not the scouring, searching, peeling away the layers of self to find redemption Coltrane of later years (a Coltrane which I myself love, but some people hate), this is Coltrane in a straight-ahead format, turning phrases inside out and back around into themselves, and doing it with incredible tenor tone. I love the sonic quality of this recording, Coltranes tone is just beyond words on this cd.<br /><br />For sheer beauty and swinging mastery of melodic improvisation it almost doesn't get any better than what Coltrane does here on tunes like Be-Bop, Bags & Trane, Stairway To The Stars, etc...<br /><br />And no, I am not forgetting about the rest of the band. Paul Chambers is brilliant on this cd. Milt also shows what he was made of on this cd, and he was made of some very fine stuff. What someone thinks of this cd overall may well depend on what they think of the vibraphone. If you don't like vibraphone then you may wish Milt Jackson wasn't on this, but if you do like it then this really is a classic recording. And quite honestly, if you're just a Coltrane fan this cd is still completely worth it even if you hate the vibraphone. I think this cd has, without a doubt, some of Coltrane's most incredible playing of the 1950's.playing of the 1950's.
0140288503|5.0|This won my personal &quot;Best Non-Fiction Award&quot;.  It reminds you that war is brutal and unbelievably unpredictable.  It makes you appreciate the dangerous reality associated with ANY military operation.  You just don't know what will happen, even in seemingly &quot;safe&quot; operations.  I will never look at a war movie or read a war novel in the same way after reading this account.  It is well written and reads like fiction.  You have to keep reminding yourself that the terror is real.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|An excellent story about a few U.S. naval men who attempt to seize a German communications device on board a German sub. While aboard the German sub, complications arise and the crew must flee under Lt. Andy Tyler (Matthew McConuahey) who was recently denied command of his own sub. Andy is forced to take command of the German sub after his superior (Bill Paxton) is left behind in order to carry out the mission objective. Assuming his first command, Andy must earn the respect of his crew and prove that he can lead them to victory - more importantly, survival. With several men down, the skeleton crew begins to believe in Andy and proudly execute his orders as the Germans try to sniff them out from above with depth charges. <br />McConuahey does a superb job playing a young Lieutenant who must fill the shoes of his late commander.<br />  An exciting story of submarine warfare and military tactics.
B000002LEE|5.0|ok, i read the other reviews between this album and &quot;Ritual...&quot;. every other review denounced the credibilty of the opposite album like one was made to replace the other. this made me sick. as a die hard Janes fan, i could not pick between &quot;nothing shocking&quot; or &quot;ritual...&quot; if my life was on the line. if you are thinking about which album to buy, it does not matter, if you do not like one, you will not like the other. both of the albums are worth while canidates for &quot;desert island disks...&quot;, &quot;best albums of the mellinnium...&quot; and every other cliche catagory. do every true music fan the favor by buying one of these albums. if you truly listen to the lyrics, you will find deep emotions that will make you feel better about yourself. these albums have changed the way i look at life. go buy one
0441172717|4.0|Dune was a great book. I had a lot of fun reading it. One of my favorite parts was when the people would fight, it was very discriptive I could imagine the intire fight in my head. Dune was a very good book, the begging was a little slow but I would read it again just to pick up on everything I missed out on in the first run. My favorite character was Jessica because she was right in the middle of everything that was going on. If it wasn't for Jessica none of this would have even taken place.  Frank Hebert is an excellent author I think he had a talent for writing in deep depth. In one chapter of Dune you can find many hidden meanings in everything that is what makes Frank Herbert a good author I will look forward to reading other books he has written.
B00004Z459|5.0|I just got into this group and I love them.  I love the message, the way that they sing.  Papercut, One Step Closer, With You, Points of Athority, Runaway, and By Myself are my favorites right now.  If I was you I would buy this cd.  They don't have all of the vogarity and vulgurness that all these other bands like, Korn, Slipknot, etc.  If you like Linkin Park I would suggest to listen to Limp Bizkit.
B000002JPA|5.0|A friend of mine first introduced me to Dream Theater back in September. He described them as a &quot;heavy metal opera who must spend years writing their songs.&quot; Let me tell you that I had no idea what they would sound like. I was overwhelmed by the sheer power and soul that the band plays with on this album. And the drummer is probably the best in the industry next to only Nicko Mcbrain and Lars Ulrich. All of the songs have a complexity about them and no one song ever sounds like another song as is the case with many of todays &quot;mainstream bands&quot;. So if you are a fan of incredible music or just want to try something new, buy this album. It will blow you away.
B00001R3GC|5.0|I agree with all the  accolades thus far,  but  I  must voice disappointment with the Studio/REMIX  of  &quot;Can't   you hear me knock'in&quot;.   On  this so called &quot;Collector's  Edition&quot;,  Mick Tayor's  magnificent guitar solo is potted-down! It renders  a severe  departure from  the Original  LP,  and the 1994 Collectors Edition/Remix.  It apears   this  was  done  intentionally, so if you  want  the true  sound of the  Original, get the Vynyl LP Edition.
6303109950|5.0|Of course, Val Kilmer as Doc Holiday did not say, &quot;I'm your buttercup.&quot;  That would be silly.  He said several times to great effect when told the bad guys he was ready to fight, &quot;I'm your huckleberry.&quot;  There was another great moment when one of the drunken Cowboys made sarcastic remarks about Doc's piano playing and Doc replied, &quot;that was Frederick 'bleepin' Chopin.&quot;  Kilmer stole the whole show but Tombstone had a great cast and great action.  It is an unforgettable western.
0688101364|2.0|I feel compelled to dissent from the glowing comments I've read here.  I've tried 5 recipes, only one of which I'd make again (Bernachon's Biarritz); the other four varieties went into the trash. I bake extensively and have many cookie books, and to be fair, find most of them hit or miss, but this book is one of the most mediocre I've encountered both in range of recipes and results.  The binding is doing fine, though.
0385486804|5.0|This is a book about a young man who gives up all his possessions from a well-to-do family and lives as a drifter and a vagrant.  He ultimately wanders into the Alaskan forest only not to come out alive.<br />The author successful integrates some of his experiences and how he could relate to the young man, Chris McCanless, into the prose.  Jon Krakauer offers expert and relatively extensive research into the life of the young man.  He tenderly and gently approaches difficult questions into why and how the young man dies in the Alaskan wilderness.  For example, highlighted sections of books that Chris was reading at the time are included in the book.  More importantly carefully selected exerts of Chris' diary up onto his death appear in the book.<br />Jon Krakauer does not side step the difficult questions in this book, of why and how a young man with so much to offer to the world dies.  He approaches the questions in a very tender but confronting way.  For example, Chris relationship with his parents and family are dexterously but gently confronted- nothing is sidestepped.  Jon offers a balanced and insightful honest view of the relationships both from his parents and what led Chris into the bush.<br />This book is much better than Jon Krakauer popular book &quot;Into the Thin Air&quot; as it is written much better and is not hastily written. The author comes from a magazine background, and therefore the book is written in an easy-to-read magazine-like style.  This is a book for anyone who wants to read about the phenomenon of young men heading into the bush to find reasons for their existence.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|This movie is embarrassing to even own. I purchased it having never seen it before, and now I'm looking to sell it. There are a couple of funny parts, but that is totally overshadowed by the disgusting sight gag in the bathroom (not even funny in my opinion), and the extras on this DVD should be rated X. Don't leave this one around for your kids to watch. I guess I don't find BASE humour as funny as some do. I was hoping for some good clean fun to be poked at the scary movies but this one fails in almost all respects. This one goes TOO far.
6305897786|3.0|This movie might have been as memorable as any Hitchcock film ever made if the screenplay had left you with any sense of what happened at the end.  Johnny Depp turns in a strong performance of a book detective looking for two of three books supposedly capable of conjuring Satan himself.  The film is beautiful to look at from a cinematography aspect - the lighting is extradordinary, and the acting is solid.  The slow pace of the film wouldn't have bothered me, but I waited for the &quot;pay off,&quot; which never came.  The ending is vague, and most people - me being one of them - will have no idea what became of the main character.  Even less satisfying than &quot;Eyes Wide Shut.&quot;  Both films are technical works of art if set design, cinematography, editing, and soundtrack score are the only things you take into account.  This movie could have been a lot more engaging and a lot less confusing.
0385484518|2.0|Yes, I am one of the few people who didn't find this book to be the life-changing miracle that many others did.  I have read a book that tells many of the exact same lessons, has sold millions of more copies, and has been published and republished for hundreds of years.  It's called The Bible.  If you haven't read it, I highly suggest it.
6305909326|4.0|I am not the type that would have picked this movie up off the shelf, but after reading The Club Dumas, I had to watch the movie.  While The Ninth Gate suffers from the typical book to movie problems, it is actually a good movie.  The book is, of course, much better since you get the full story and deeper insights into the characters.  The movie though manages to capture the main elements of the book.  After watching it, I was amazed how much of the book they managed to fit into the movie (in one form or another) even though most of the book was cut out.  &lt;to understand what I mean you have to both read it and watch it...&gt;<br />Johnny Depp did an amazing job as Corso.  He fit exactly the image I had created as I read the book.  All of the nuances of his character came out in the movie - the rumpled, alchoholic, smoker who is both like a wolf and a rabbit...<br />For all of you who have complained about this movie - I agree, the music didn't fit.  The music itself was not bad, but it was used incorrectly.  They tried to make The Ninth Gate a suspense/horror movie when it is anything but.  It is a mystery drama, and it was only the music that created any sort of suspense at all.  More mellow music would have been much better.  As for the ending, I loved it.  It was completely different that the book's ending, but it was still very good.  It provided closure to the movie without having to get into a lot of cheezy explainations.  In all I really liked the movie and was glad I watched it.
0441172717|5.0|There is one review at the top giving some pro's and con's and I would just like to say to the person who wrote those con's...IT&quot;S A BOOK!!  And besides I don't find any of the characters in 'Dune' unrealistic, or excentric in any way.  When I first read this book I read it in about a week, I couldn't put it down!  And it's been the same since, every time I pick that book up it just gets better and better.  I don't want to say any more about the book, but a few suggestions to the one person that might actually read this review...if you enjoyed this book, try 'Enders Game' by Orson Scott Card...that's a good one too...see ya!
0385493622|5.0|I picked this up in a bookstore and was instantly drawn in. It is amazing how a book on theoretical mathematics could be as exciting as a mystery novel, but here it is. I found myself wishing I had had the aptitude for this area of study because it really did seem like an adventure. It also gave me an appreciation for the complexity involved in providing such proofs. Really an incredible story and an excellent job of telling it by Mr. Singh.
B00004XONN|5.0|If ok computer was warning about the over industrializing of western culture, kid a steps to the future and explores what happens when that industrializing is embrased. The odd thing is that no matter how computerized the songs become, there is always a hidden underlined human element. However much you desensitize, control and abuse humanity it will always survive. The only critizism I would give this album is also (ironicaly) the best aspect of it. You ABSOLUTELY MUST listen to this album late at night with headphones on. You do not get the full impact if you try and listen to it while driving in the car. Come into this album with an open mind. It's not for everyone but if you do \\"get\\" this album you'll wonder how you did without it.
0440219078|5.0|You think they got the idea for the movie from this book?  I loved it...and guess what...I'm 37.  Ambiguous endings aren't necessarily my favorate kind, but I appreciate the flexibility this story leaves the reader.  You're allowed to come to your own conclusion.  If you're looking for a book that might just get your kid interested in reading, I recommend this one.  Of course, they'll have to enjoy science fiction.<br />Good story and a FAST read.  Two important qualities for young readers.
B00004U9LT|3.0|This is an interesting story, and the animation does carry a certain charm. The pace is well done, and it does hold your interest. I feel obligated to point this out though. For you parents out there reading this, the ending is very sad, and I feel you should watch it first and then decide if your children should watch it.
B000003N7R|5.0|This is a solid jazz set. One that you can't criticize. Every plays well, the song are good. No this isn't the best music of either of these two important jazzmen but like other Trane music of '62, very enjoyable.
630382790X|5.0|Since the U.S. had landed on the moon in 1969, most of the world was not that excited about the Apollo 13 mission. But in 1970 when three astronauts going to the moon suddenly experience a malfunction in the equipment. They are in the race of there lives. The race is them against time. Tom Hanks (Lovell), Bill Paxton (Haise), and Kevin Bacon (Swiegert) use only what they have to survive. Hope, each other and there ability to work through a problem. Gary Sinese plays Ken Mattingly who was suppost to go but didn't because he was to get the measles. It is Ken who helps find the way to get the men home. Ed Harris is head of the groud crew. Who gives his best performance here. The supporting actors help round out this movie into a great story. A true one by that. One of the best films of 1995. Great acting, directing, editing, special-effects, script and a great score by James Horner. Oh by the way, Mattingly never got the measles.  Grade:A
B00004Z4WQ|2.0|First, let me say that this is not my type of humor.  That is my bias.  That being said, Scary Movie is the type of movie that begs and pleads for you to laugh at every given moment.  It almost looks like the actors just pause for an instant and wait for you to burst out into tear-filled hysteria.<br />The movie is what it is.  There's no point in saying this movie isn't intelligent-that wasn't the goal here.  If you like sight-gags and parody driven plots - then rejoice because this is your movie!
B000003S0P|5.0|This album appears to be from another decade, or maybe even another planet. &quot;Red&quot; is just simply great with its incessant beat and drilling guitar playing from Robert Fripp. &quot;Fallen Angel&quot; really paints a picture of a snowy and violent New York City. &quot;One More Red Nightmare&quot; is a brilliant jazzy tune about the trouble with flying. &quot;Providence&quot; relaxes you and prepares you for Crimson's best piece, &quot;Starless.&quot; This album is like jazz being played by machines. It is perfect.
0780631684|5.0|When the movie first came out, I stayed away.  The commercials and trailers didn't seem that exciting, and those stupid marketing ploy commercials showing actualy audience fright was just dumb.  Boy was I stupid to skip it.  This movie rocks!  About a group of high-schoolers who escape death, but death doesn't take no for an answer!  The DVD also rocks.  This movie relies heavily on sound for a good scare effect, so if you have a Dolby 5.1 decoder, you are in for a treat.  The movie is presented widescreen, and has a very sharp picture.  The DVD also has some nice extras.  Two feature-length audio commentaries, 2 very insightful documentaries, delted scenes, an isolated musical score with commentary, a trailer, two cool games, and some DVD-ROM content.  For those of you who are sick of slasher flicks, check this one out today!
6301967992|5.0|What makes this film stand out from other horror comedies? It is more scairy, but still has an uproarious sense of humor. Even masterpeices like &quot;Young Frankinstine&quot; and &quot;Abbott and Costello Meet Frankinstine&quot;, cannot top this classic. The plot is simple. A pair of bumbling idiots Professor Abnorsis and his student Alferd set out to kill a bunch of vampires. There is a funny scene in the day time in this movie (if you watch it, you will find out what it is). It was a change for Roman Poloski certinly. Watch this movie, it is not to be missed!
B000003N7K|4.0|Its strange to me that this set is very popular with people who aren't predisposed to most of Trane's impulse albums while hardcore Trane fans dismiss this as a strange blip on the screen. I find this album enjoyable but don't think Hartman and Trane make a GREAT pair. &quot;My One and Only Love&quot; is a standout but &quot;Lush Life&quot; doesn't quite work for me.<br />Not a first or second Trane purchase but a valuable set.
B000002UV9|4.0|If the 1980's &quot;metal&quot; and &quot;progressive rock&quot; could have had another 10 years to evolve, EMPIRE would probably still be one of the best in the lot.  The bridge between Metal and Grunge was generally rather abrupt and ruthless. Queensryche put out like no others in thier genre with regard to perfecting a sound and medium evolved from all the best sounds discovered through the 1980s' in the circles of art-rock/progressive and Metal.  This CD alone serves as a fitting epitaph for the 1980's and a perfect opening for the 1990's.  I didnt realize it at the time, but this is some of the finest music from the last 20 years.
B000002UA7|4.0|This would be better called 'The Greatest Hits so far as at 1986'.  This compilation is for people who don't have their own CD-writer and aren't interested in any tracks from 'The Sensual World' or 'Red Shoes'.<br />It's a pretty good selection of singles from the first five albums.  As far as the general public is concerned, I suppose Kate Bush is a singles artist.  To know her true depth, you have to listen to her albums -- particularly 'Never for Ever' and 'Hounds of Love'.<br />But this will do very well for people who want just one Kate Bush  CD for the time being.
B00004U8H4|5.0|American Psycho flat out rules!  Part horror, part satire tale about a man name Patrick Bateman who basically isn't there.  He basically has a nightly bloodthirst that grows and grows.  I don't want to give anymore away, but the movie grows into a satire of the upperclass lifestyle in the 1980's.  Very funny and violent at times, American Psycho is just a great movie.  The Unrated Version DVD is very nice.  The only additional footage in the Unrated Version is some added footage in the wild sex scene, and a little extra blood.  The DVD is very nice with a featurette and a Christian Bale interview.  All in all, AP is one of the greats of 2000, get it now!
6305126062|5.0|Delightful rendering of adult romance in this entertaining but slightly overlong drama about an injured child, her harried and concerned mother, a damaged horse, and the man who becomes their saviour.<br />When young Grace and her beloved horse Pilgrim are severely maimed in a tragic horseriding accident, it appears that they are both psychologically damaged beyond repair.  Against all the odds, Grace survives this accident.  Going against all veterinary advice, Pilgrim is not euthanased.  The frantic attempts of Grace's mother Annie to heal Pilgrim, and by extension to heal Grace and their somewhat disjointed relationship, draws the 3 of them into the orbit of Tom Booker, a gentle rancher who possesses a unique and powerful gift with both animals and people.<br />Set amidst the spectacular scenery of the Rocky Mountains, &quot;The Horse Whisperer&quot; is a splendid tale which extols the wonderful healing powers of love - whether it be the love of a man and a woman, the love of a mother and daughter, or the love between a girl and her horse.
B000002I4S|5.0|Giant Steps is perfect for what it is. A summation of Trane's &quot;Sheets of Sound&quot; experiments. He took playing the changes about as far as it could go here. Giant Steps allows Trane to make the enormous leaps that would follow.<br />There are a few jazz albums that everyone agrees are great and should be part of any collection - this should be included with Kind of Blue, A Love Supreme and others.
B00003CXIY|5.0|Road Trip is one of the funniest movies I have seen this year. Breckin Meyer, Tom Green and Sean William Scott are the main characters and are very funny.<br />The DVD has some nice extras such as a video by the Eel's and some deleted scenes that didn't make in the final cut of the film.<br />Overall, its a very funny movie, and will likely appeal to those that loved the American Pie movie.<br />Laugther is the best medicine, and you will get a lot of laughs from Road Trip.<br />Highly Recommended!!
B000002UAR|5.0|What can be said about The Beatles that hasn't been said a million times before, whether good, or bad? Well, this album is fantastic for sure. (Yeah, I know...that's been said, as well). From Harrisons &quot;Taxman&quot;, which everyone can relate to, the wonderful strings on Eleanor Rigby,(which can be heard to full effect on The Beatles Anthology 2). Then there's Harrisons &quot;Love to You&quot; with its East Indian influence, complete with tabla, played by Anil Bhagwat. The fun, childlike &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;, Lennon rockers like &quot;And your bird can sing&quot; , McCartney pop like &quot;Good Day Sunshine&quot;...this album has it all.
B00000I0XW|5.0|Have u ever heard an angel sing?? u have once u get this CD....her voice is so full and beautiful...her unexpected song is truely amazing...as well her her memory...probably the best one out there...her amigos para siempre is simply great..and her sweet sounding voice is what makes her so wonderful..she is definitly one of the best singers of our time...and has shown great improvment in her other CD's that just could melt anyones heart with her voice....this CD is a must have since she doesnt do anymore musicals on stage....this is a must buy for all broadway lovers and Sarah Brightman lovers
B0000399WI|5.0|Everyone who has seen this movie knows it deserves 5 stars!  It's great!  Of the many, many people I've talked to about it, only one of them didn't like the movie.  It is an experience that I feel everyone should see.  But don't take my word for it.  Just look at the hundreds of people that have given it 5 stars.....Everyone has given is perfect reviews!  You know the synopsis, so what are you waiting for...Go out and get yourself a copy, sit back, and enjoy!
B000003N8R|4.0|Though I rarely listen to this one, this is an essential set. I can find little to criticize here. Cresent is a wonderful song and Drum Thing has to be one of the most musical drum features ever. <br />I agree that this is not the place to start your Trane collection but should be a aprt of any serious collection.
B00003CX95|5.0|Braveheart will leave you breathless and longing for an addition of ninety minutes to the movie.<br />Quality entertainment at its best. I am not the least bit surprised that Braveheart won 5 academy awards, for me it is the best movie of the nineties.<br />I was skeptical about this movie when I first saw it a few years ago, in fact, I was very tired and sleepy when I pushed it into the v.c.r. I can honestly tell you that the movie was like a bucket of ice water in my face. The sleep was knocked from me in the first fifteen minutes and after it was over, I went to bed and could not stop thinking about it. I have watched Braveheart 8 times, and it still remains fresh everytime I see it.<br />I recently bought the dvd and it is awesome. I recommend this film to anyone who admires and value quality plots, quality acting and realism. what are you waiting for, this dvd is a steal for the price?
B000002AOD|5.0|Anyone who loves Afro-Caribbean and Latin rhythms will love this album. Michel pulls out all the stops here with a large ensemble of 21 pieces...a change from his usual trios. The title song is a 12-bar blues reminiscent of the soul jazz movement of the 60's.  Manhattan Transfer won a Grammy award for their vocal cover of &quot;Why Not!&quot;. Here it sounds like a carnival, with percussion popping like popcorn and horns a-partying. &quot;The Resolution&quot; is a piano solo..the only one on this disc, and coming like it does after &quot;Why Not!&quot; it gives you a chance to relax after all that dancing. &quot;Suite Sandrine, Part 3&quot; begins with a hushed gong, rustling percussion and even bird sounds and eventually turns into an energetic salsa. The rest of the pieces are equally wonderful...&quot;Dreamlight&quot; makes you think of tropical beaches and palm trees, and the melody came to him one night in a dream, hence the name. This is an exciting jazz album. And highly recommended.
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down will survive as one of the great classics of Twentieth Century literature. It is the anthropomorphic tale of a rabbit warren that must flee the impending destruction of its bunny hole in the English countryside by advancing urban sprawl. They set off on a journey of adventure and discovery toward their new home, Watership Down.<br />The beauty of the book is in its deceptive complexity. As a multi-layered work, it appeals to a wide variety of readers by satisfying their needs at many different levels. For those who just like rabbits or warm and fuzzy animal tales, Watership Down competes with The Incredible Journey, Black Beauty, or anything by Disney. For those interested in intriguing plot-based fiction with good action and character development, look no further. And surprisingly, for the discriminating reader of literary fiction, Watership Down provides a sophisticated corollary to the ironies of advanced human civilization, reminiscent of Animal Farm, yet less sardonic. A great read for all ages. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes, author of Wake Up Dead.
0897500482|4.0|Whether you're serious or not about the martial arts, I strongly<br />recommend this book.  Trouble is, if you're not serious you won't<br />understand a lot of it.  Many of the concepts and theory presented are<br />complex and require a strong background in martial arts to understand.<br />Regardless, any beginner will be better off for having read it.  This<br />is one of those books you'll read more than once because there is so<br />much of Bruce's insight contained within this book.  The book is not<br />an exciting read, but it's one that you'll always keep.  Tao contains<br />Bruce's philosophy, mind set, and techniques that made him unique.  I<br />rated the book as 4 stars only because it's not necessarily an<br />enjoyable read, but it's a great one.<br />Ted Weimann, author Warrior<br />Speed.
B000003N7G|5.0|A perfect record. I think of this one in a similiar way that I think about Giant Steps. This is a summation of the work of one of the greatest working groups of all time - the Classic Quartet. By recording this, Trane allows himself to push even further in the future.<br />This record also introduced, along with Albert Ayler, the spiritual element into the avant Garde. For the remainder of his career, Coltrane would be searching for truth while offering up himself to the spiritual world. Trane's Followers (Alice Coltrane, Pharoah Sanders, Albert Ayler among others) would continue to utilize the &quot;New Thing&quot; as a spiritual journey.<br />As for the music, The opening fanfare markes the beautiful &quot;acknowledgement&quot; which moves into great, definitive playing from the classic quartet. Side two begins with a wonderful solo by Garrison and moves into Trane's &quot;Psalm.&quot; If you listen closely, you can follow the words Trane wrote to accompany this piece.<br />Note: The reason this seems like a very short 45 minutes is because, well it is. ALS is only 33 minutes long. In an era where musicians fill every space of a CD, its nice to know its really quality not quantity that matters.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I bought this soundtrack, because a lot of the music on it was what my grandmother would play on her antique phonograph.  It brought back lots of memorys.  I can't wait to see the movie, and the Cohen brothers are excellent creative individuals.  This music is easy to listen to, I throw it in while Im surfing and just kick back and relax.  Hope you enjoy it!!  Im betting a couple of Oscars for this movie!
0441172717|4.0|I really actually liked reading Dune. It was full of many complicated things that stacked up and stacked up. But it also keeps you hooked. The story line was good and I thought that it all tied together very well in the end. It made me want to finish it to see what would happen in the end. Its a book you have to read over and over again to really understand it and to really catch it all, in a year or two I will probably go back and read it again.
B000002UB3|5.0|Henry David Thoreau once said that the fault finder will find faults even in paradise. I think that pretty well typifies some of the reviews for this album. Frankly, it blows my mind that anyone could take issue with any song or measure or note on this album. If you're one of the five people out there who has never heard Abbey Road, don't believe the pompous inanity of the reviews stating that &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; and &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot; are bad songs, or the superlative gibberish about how the suite on side 2 &quot;doesn't work.&quot; I'm not sure where people get these ideas from, but I suspect it may have something to do with John Lennon's personally-motivated attacks on Paul McCartney (whose idea the suite largely was) in interviews from the '70s. But why fans would use these personal animosities between the band members from a time long since past as a justification to criticize the music is beyond me. But I digress. This is quite simply some of the best music of any genre ever recorded. Period.
B000003NA3|5.0|One jazz critic noted that this music was &quot;anti-jazz.&quot; This is, of course, absurb! While Trane's Atlantic sets were great, this is truly a giant step! Finally, the band opens up. Jones is awesome as is Tyner. Reggie Workman and Jimmy garrison share bass duties seperate and in tandem. Eric Dolphy adds another voice to the front line.<br />Some of this music burns such as Chasin the Trane and Impressions. But often, the value of this set is to see how Trane experimented with sounds by changing the line-up, added oud and other instruments such as on the multiple versions of India.<br />Trane actually retreated a little after this music surfaced on the original Live From... and Impressions albums. His playing would not be this experiental - this &quot;out&quot; until 1965.
6305470464|5.0|I rented this video on a whim one night, and have since been searching for a copy of the video to own.  I thought that all of the performances in this movie were excellent, and as others have mentioned, Jolie was excellent.  I was also pleased to see Gillian Anderson playing different sort of character than we are used to from her.  Sean Connery was touching in his role.  It was nice to see such a variety of actors collaberate on such a great plot.  I recommend this movie verrrrrry much, even (maybe especially) to anyone who isn't a large fan of romance.  This movie would appeal to viewers of any age, for it's characters come from different generations as well as every walk of life.  SEE IT!  (You won't regret it!)
0684853523|5.0|I'll keep it short and try to be sweet: if you want helpful, therapeutic writing exercises, if you want an abstract lesson on creativity, this may not be the book for you.  But I've got a shelf full of books of tricks, and my writing is none the better for them.  I'll do an exercise or two, and continue with my morning (or afternoon, or sometimes even evening) pages, but the bottom line is that I'm still not writing the fiction I want to write.  The stories are stuck, and the books and exercises don't touch why that might be.<br />But &quot;On Writing&quot; is not your average writing about writing.  It operates differently on my mind; it puts me at center stage, and makes me into a writer, instead of some passive channel for a higher power.  It takes the artistic truism about sacrificing life on the altar of art and reverses it, insisting that art support life, instead of the other way around.  And then Mr. King gets right in my face and insists that there, buried right in my heart, is a story, quite possibly a novel, just waiting to be exhumed.  Quite the terrifying thought; far scarier than ghosts and ghouls.<br />If you like King's writing, get the book for the stories he uses it to tell.  If you want to write and can't figure out why you're not doing it, buy it (or borrow it) and let it inspire you.  I say so for selfish reasons; in five or ten years, I want to read the writing that might result.
0441172717|5.0|I am not normally a Sci Fi fan, but after the first ten or twenty pages, I couldn't put the book down.  The way Herbert used action and reaction in the book, it  really opened up my mind to what could happen in the future of humanity.  To think that if we as humans progress at the rate we have been,  then we could very possibly become like the people from Dune.  Powerful beings with great abilities.  Everything about Dune some how made sense, and everyone in the world should have some experience in the literature of Frank Herbert. Clayton Tyler
0783225970|4.0|I want to definately say that Scarface is one of my favorite movies of all time.  Its a classic.  But I'm not rating the movie here am I?  No im rating the DVD.  I only give this four stars because the movie basically makes the BIG flaws go away in the end.  First of all, the transfer is awful.  What kind of reel did you guys transfer that from?  Jeez...disgraseful(hehe)...the audio track is ok...and there absolutely no extras.  Overall, you should buy this movie if and only you like it.  The dvd features are crap.  Wheres the new transfer and the DTS for this huh?
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|This movie is a huge smelly mound of fresh steaming dung... Quite possibly the most hackneyed, vapid, sophomoric series of flaccid attempts at parody ever, this barrage of body function jokes is about as funny as unanesthetized root canal, and as entertaining as the Weather channel.  If you are severely brain damaged from years of glue sniffing, you might crack a smile once or twice during this movie.  Otherwise, don't bother...
0399146253|4.0|I've read and absolutely loved all of the Scarpetta novels.  This last piece reveals Dr. Scarpetta's vulnerable side.  I turned each page wondering if the &quot;werewolf&quot; killer would be her undoing. The frenzied pace of discovery and interjection of past characters makes this a little harder to read.  True to Cornwell's style, the characters are well defined.  She doesn't spend as much time in her &quot;lab&quot; this time around, so the mystery portion revolves around the characters more than the crime itself.  As always, I try to read her books leisurely, so I can stretch the enjoyment out longer, but again, I couldn't put the book down until the last page.  So . . . waiting for the next one.
0441172717|3.0|Dune is a very complex book, but its design is absolutly brilliant. I enjoyed how well Frank Herbert made his story so detailed, and how he still keeps you to the story at hand without detailing you to death. My only problem with the book however is Frank Herberts ideas conflict too much with my own. I find myself debating over many of his thoughts and ideas.  I rate the book a three only in prospective to my ideas. But for creativity, complexity, and shear genius, this book I would give a five star rating for.
B00000JLWW|2.0|I agree the special effects, sets, costumes and soundtrack are impressive, but after those, what is left? For one, the dialogue is about as shallow as the Atlantic is deep. When Jack Dawson (DiCaprio) is first told the ship has struck an iceberg, all he can say is, 'Hey, that's not good....' Jack and Rose speak like two mall rats of the 1990s, and their oil and water chemistry was not convincing. Jack, for one, is so chipper that he needs to be doused with cold water -- and is.  Most of the other characters are stereotypes, with the only heartfelt performance turned in by Gloria Stuart as the elderly Rose.  In short, Jack and Rose's romance just didn't seem authentic. My expectations sank before the ship did.
B0000028UK|3.0|Ardent Pearl Jam fans will not like this review, so they should not bother to read further.  Casual fans and fans of rock and roll in general should know that &quot;Vs&quot; is the disappointing follow up to their classic debut &quot;Ten.&quot;  It is only about half as good with only the great single &quot;Daughter&quot; and maybe &quot;Animal&quot; up to the high standards of the first record.  &quot;Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town,&quot; despite the awkward title, is a tuneful accoustic tune and &quot;Dissident&quot; is also a decent enough mid tempo song.  Most of the rest is either actively bad like &quot;Rats&quot; or just plain forgettable.  After &quot;Ten&quot; most of Pearl Jam's career has been maddeningly inconsistent.  &quot;Vs&quot; is no exception to that rule.
020161622X|4.0|Based on the reviews here, I bought this book . I have programmed for over 20 years, in multiple languages, multiple operating systems, from mainframes, client server environments, and on personal computers both text based and GUI based.<br />Programming has always been a craft to me, and I have always enjoyed someone who could explain it clearly in simple terms, as it envokes a pride in the work I do. And helps everyone strive to do their best.<br />Repeatedly reading the book, I thought, &quot;Yes, this is the way it is done, and should be done - what a great way of saying it&quot;.<br />This book does state things that should be obvious to someone whose career has been built around programming, and it restates those understandings in a clear fashion that others can grasp and use for their understanding. They are things that need to be said, and are very practical reminders from solid experience of how to go about the craft of programming. <br />The bias to text only systems, perhaps due to the authors UNIX background(?), left me feeling a little left out. Otherwise this book would certainly be 5 stars.<br />The book encourages programmers to strengthen what they know and broaden their horizons and skills.<br />Examples are in C/C++ and Java, and if someone did not have a background in those, they might be a little lost.<br />I would say that any beginning to intermediate programmer could certainly benefit from this books message. If someone has been at the core of package development, yes, they should already know this - and this book is a great reminder of the principles of being a great programmer. Reading the book may help someone get there.<br />I did feel that there are things I learned from this book that with the cross references helped me to explore areas that I have not been exposed to, and for me programming is a constant learning experience - which is one of the principles the book reinforces. We are always looking at new ways to be more effective - and learning what is the best of what is available is part of that. It does not hurt to have a reminder of what is a good practice. <br />The Pragmatic Programmer is a classic programmers book for programmers of any age,language, or operating system.
B0000027RL|5.0|The first Pearl Jam album is far away the band's best and most consistent effort.  Along with Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind,&quot; it helped launch the nationwide popularity of grunge music and spawned countless inferior imitators.  &quot;Ten&quot; is a nearly perfect collection of songs.  This is intellegent hard rock for those who would rather use their heads than bang them.  The ace singles &quot;Alive&quot; and &quot;Jeremy&quot; are the highlights of the album, the latter song anticipates the Columbine massacre long before it happened.  Songs like &quot;Oceans,&quot; &quot;Black&quot; and &quot;Even Flow&quot; are also examples of first rate songwriting, while the closing track &quot;Release&quot; builds to an atmospheric climax like the release of intercourse.<br />Overall, &quot;Ten&quot; is a classic album and one of the best rock albums of the 1990s.  It is also the only Pearl Jam album that qualifies as a &quot;must own.&quot;
B000001FDQ|5.0|Yngwie is a fantastic guitarist, and this album shows it. He is unbelievably fast and writes some beautiful music. Stand out tracks are Black Star, Evil Eye, and Icarus Dream Suite. If you are a fan of the guitar, you MUST get this CD. You won't regret it. Also get Yngwie's Concerto Suite for Electric Guitar.
0441172717|2.0|Dune is supposed to be one of the best SF novels of all time. I like SF, so I should read Dune. In fact, I have started to read it at least half a dozen times, but I have never managed to get beyond the first few dozen pages. It just doesn't appeal. There may be some brilliant ideas in there but the writing is so ponderous, it kills any desire to read further.
6305922748|5.0|To me, growing up in the 70's meant sitting in bean bag chairs, eating Jiffy Pop and listening to Spinal Tap.  By the 80's few people listened to or even knew about these &quot;lesser&quot; heavy metal gods.  Fortunately, in 1984 young director (Marty DiBergi), made a low-budget documentary about Tap.  <br />Unfortunately, strained relationships and their lasting inability to keep a drummer alive for an entire tour eventually took its toll on the band.  But DiBergi really captured the essence of what it is like to be on the road with an ear-pounding, mind-dulling, powerhouse from England.<br />What the band lacked in sex-appeal, talent and proper hygiene, they made up for with ear-deafening volume, spandex and cucumbers.  But if you're like me, by the end of the film you'll be singing along with songs such timeless classics as Hell Hole, Big Bottom and Sex Farm Woman.  <br />So sit back and soak in the sights, the sounds, and the smells of a rock and roll band known to their fans only as TAP!
B000002INR|5.0|Skid Row is the classic debut album by the boys from New Jersey. This is also one of the best and most popular metal albums of the 80's. The album is filled with stadium ready anthems, blistering guitars, a solid rhythm section, and a screaching charasmatic frontman.  Big Guns opens the album. This song is exactly what you'd expect from an 80's metal band. There is a great guitar part and a catchy chorus. The next song Sweet Little Sister isn't a big stretch from anyother song on the album. It stays true to the same pop metal style, there is also a great sing along part. Can't Stand the Heartache is the weakest song on the album. The next songs were both hits for the Skids. The anthem Piece of Me and the mid tempo rocker 18 and Life. Both songs are current live favorites. Rattlesnake Shake sounds like an outtake from Appetite for Destruction by Guns n Roses. The next song is their most well know song, and also has become an anthem for the late 80's generation, Youth Gone Wild. Everything about that song screams rebellion. It also has one of the greatest and most memorable guitar riffs of all time. The musicianship on this track is also superb. Seabstian Bach's voice is amazing, Rachel Bolan's pummeling bass underlines the song, Rob Affuso's drums are solid as usual, and the guitar team of Scotti Hill and Dave &quot;Snake&quot; Sabo is fantastic, especially during the two part solo. Here I Am and Makin' A Mess are both up tempo pop rockers. Bothe songs are fantastic. The next song I Remember You is another one of Skid Row's most popular songs. Sebastian proves that he's got one of the best sets of pipes in the business on this track. His voice is amazing. The last song Midnight/Tornado is one of if not the best song on this album. It is an up tempo rocker like most of the album with a great hook and a catchy sing along chorus. This is one of those must own classic albums, I reccommend this to anyone, especially fans of pop metal.
630027179X|5.0|Within my memory, there've been only a couple films featuring the legend of King Arthur. However, one of them released in 1981, EXCALIBUR, is the standard by which all others, past and future, must be judged. It's positively stunning in its excellence, and a must-see for any devotee of the tale.<br />In a sense, EXCALIBUR is more a story of Merlin than Arthur since Nicole Williamson's fabulous, unique portrayal of the former overshadows Nigel Terry's role as the latter. However, the film faithfully depicts the Arthurian legend from his conception and birth at Tintagel Castle, to his death at the hands of Mordred. In between are all the other elements of the story one would hope for and expect: Uther Pendragon, the Sword In the Stone, the Battle of Mount Badon, Camelot, the Knights of the Round Table, Sir Lancelot, Guinevere, Sir Percival, the Quest for the Holy Grail, the Lady of the Lake, and Lady Morgana (a.k.a. Morgan La Fey).<br />A note of caution for parents of young children. At times, the film is intensely violent, bloody and sexual. (Gee, it sounds like any normal day at the office.) You are warned. And it's not a movie for squeamish adults, either.<br />The costuming is superb. The brilliant cinematography and film editing, combined with a magnificent soundtrack that includes \\"Carmina Burana\\" and \\"Tristan's Funeral March\\" at just the right scenes, make EXCALIBUR absolutely awe-inspiring. You'll want to watch it over and over. (I've talked myself into wanting to view it again right now!) The final scene is one you'll wish you could extract from your TV screen and frame, with sound.<br />Oh, my! What a cinematic achievement!
B00004XQP4|5.0|As I said in the title Warning is Green Day's rebirth. No longer are they the punk band that recorded classic albums such as 1,039 Smoothed Out Slappy Hours and Dookie but now they are adults with messages. Don't get me wrong this album still features their tongue in cheek lyrics and their views of society but musically they have matured. Adobting a more acoustic orientated sound. Whereas electric guitar was once the dominant force in their music now it's just a backing instrument.  The album opens with their current single Warning. This song does a good job prepearing the listener for what's in store. The next song Blood, Sex, and Booze is electric but it is very mellow. Just because the album is acoustic doesn't mean that it is slow and boring, in fact warning is the exact opposite.  Church On Sunday in my opinion is one of their best songs ever and proof of my point. It is very upbeat and Billie Joe's voice is great on it. Fashion Victim and Castaway are very musically similar in the sense that they are both electric. But just because they are electric doesn't mean that they are punk. As a matter of fact ther's not a trace of punk to be found on this album. The next song Misery threw myself and many other Green Day fans for a loop. It is more different than any song they ever did. The use of odd instruments combined with Billie Joe's excellent vocals make this song one of the best on the album. The lyrics on this song are also really great. Deadbeat Holiday is another upbeat primarily acoustic song. It is also really good. Just because Green Day changed their sound doesn't meant that they lost their edge. Hold On is another amazing song. It begins with acoustic guitar and harmonica. That theme stays throughout the whole song. If any song can be compared to any older Green Day it is Jackass. It sounds like it could have been on Nimrod, which was also an amazing album. Waiting is an excellent song done mainly on clean tone electric guitar. This is probably the weakest song on the album. The first single Minority is next. This song is also amazing. Green Day proved with this song that they are still the kinds of pop punk. It is upbeat, and electric with acoustic overtones. The lyrics are amazing and Billie's voice rocks. The last song Macy's Day Parade is an attempt to recreate their number two hit Good Riddance (Time of your Life) off Nimrod. While this song is good it can't hold a candle to Good Riddance.  Warning is a great release. It shows that Green Day is more than a punk band. Though they are not the most techincally skilled musicians they still play with great passion and besides that they write great songs.
B0000033OT|4.0|Donny Hathaway is best known to most for his duets with Roberta Flack.  Those songs are great, but Mr. Hathaway has released some great soul music on his own.  Everything Is Everything is an album about love and positivity, but also cautiousness and struggle.  Love songs include the sweet &quot;Je Vous Aime&quot; &amp; &quot;Misty&quot; while &quot;To Young, Gifted &amp; Black&quot; &amp; &quot;Thank You Master (For My Soul)&quot; are teeming with pride.  He tempers the positivity with cautionary tales such as &quot;Tryin' Times&quot;, &quot;Voices Inside (Everything Is Everything)&quot; and the classic &quot;The Ghetto&quot;.  Mr. Hathaway left us at too young of an age, but he lives on forever in his sweet soul music.
B000002JR8|4.0|Far Beyond Driven is Pantera's third studio album coming after the masterpiece Vulgar Display of Power and the classic Cowboys from Hell. This album finds Pantera getting heavier than ever before, I didn't even think that was possible. This album is probably the heaviest album I've ever heard, also the musicianship on this album like every other Pantera album is amazing. Drummer Vinnie Paul is one of the finest in the biz, his brother guitarist Dimebag Darrell is one of the greatest metal guitarists to ever live, bassist Rex Brown is extremely solid and his style fits the band perfectly, and last but not least vocalist Phil Anselmo has an excellent set of pipes. Not only can he scream like he does on this album but he can also really sing, check out the earlier albums to hear for yourself.  Far Beyond Driven is not a very diverse album, all the songs are brutally heavy with amazing guitar solo's and breathtaking double bass drumming. There really is no bad songs on the album but some songs aren't as good as others. The best songs are Strength Byeond Strength, Becoming, I'm Broken, 25 Years, and Throes of Rejection. Their cover of the Black Sabbath classic Planet Caravan also stays true to the original, and the music to Good Friends and a Bottle of Pills is amazing, it shows how good Rex really is as a bassist.
B0000060NF|5.0|By the time 1970 rolled around, Marvin Gaye had grown tired of his singing career.  Although he was a major star, having huge hits, he felt disenfranchised from the business. The death of his close friend and singer partner Tammi Terrill had thrown him into serious state of depression and anger.  He became serious about football and tried out with the Detroit Lions and he also had a hand at boxing.  He, of course, never made the cut with these activities.  His brother Frankie had recently come back from Vietnam and the stories that he related Marvin, helped spur him out of his funk and into the recording studio.  He turned those feelings of detachment, melancholy and anger into one of the landmark albums in musical history.  Gone were the days of Mr. Gaye singing about love and happiness, What's Going On explored the situation and status of the black man in society as well as the problems facing the world as a whole. The title track opens the album and he ponders the question of what is going on in the world today.  It was not just about the brothers dying in and mothers crying about the Vietnam War, but about the wars of everyday life in Urban America.  The next five songs flow in and out of one another forming a musical suite.  In &quot;What's Happening Brother&quot; he questions why the inner city is decaying while &quot;Flyin' High (In The Friendly Sky)&quot; is about Mr. Gaye's drug use.  &quot;Save The Children&quot; asks for us to get together and make the world a better places for our kids and he provides a possible solution by looking to higher powers in &quot;God Is Love&quot;.  &quot;Mercy, Mercy Me (The Ecology)&quot; is his take on the polluting of the world.  &quot;Right On&quot; is a what one might call psychedelic funk and &quot;Wholy Holy&quot; is a sermon from the son of a preacher.  The album closes back where it started with &quot;Inner City Blues (Make Me Holler)&quot; where Mr. Gaye rails against the problems of the ghettos.  What's Going On was deemed so non-commercial by Motown, that they refused to release it and it sat in the can for almost a year.  Mr. Gaye threatened to leave the label and they relented and finally released it in 1971.  The album became a huge hit and Marvin Gaye was hailed for his ground-breaking work. The album is more than just music, it is a honest and open look at the ills of society.  The album opened up many people's eyes and made them think about alot things they wouldn't have normally paid attention to.  Unfortunately, most people didn't pay attention as most of the problems the album addresses are sadly still relevant today.s deemed so non-commercial by Motown, that they refused to release it and it sat in the can for almost a year.  Mr. Gaye threatened to leave the label and they relented and finally released it in 1971.  The album became a huge hit and Marvin Gaye was hailed for his ground-breaking work. The album is more than just music, it is a honest and open look at the ills of society.  The album opened up many people's eyes and made them think about alot things they wouldn't have normally paid attention to.  Unfortunately, most people didn't pay attention as most of the problems the album addresses are sadly still relevant today.
B00000DGUM|4.0|Forty Seasons is is a greatest hits album hilighting one of the best late 80's bands, Skid Row. This album features all of their hits with the exception of the hit from Slave to the Grind, Wasted Time. This album also features remixes, 2 unreleased tracks, and a live performance.  The first songs on the album are their hits from the debut release. There are the hits I Remember You and 18 and Life as well as the anthem Piece of Me and probably their most well known song, Youth Gone Wild. This album hilights mainly the Slave to the Grind album, with five songs from it. Including the hits Monkey Business and the title track which is one of their heaviest songs. Especially on this album you can hear how their music changed over the years. The next three songs are remixes from their last studio album with Sebastian Bach, Subhuman Race. I don't know why they decided to remix the songs but all it seems they did was turn up the bass. Some of the best songs from Subhuman Race are on this album such as My Enemy, Into Another, and especially Breakin Down, which is one of my favorite songs. They also put a demo version of the song Frozen which is pretty good but nothing special. The live version of Beat Yourself Blind sounds good but I wish they would have put other live tracks on it or release a live album because it leaves you wanting more. The next two songs were both unreleased. The first song Forever was left off their debut, and to be honest I don't know why. This song is amazing. In my opinion it is worth the price of the album. The last song Fire in the Hole is a demo from the Slave to the Grind sessions. Though Sebastian was not happy with this song being released I think it's a decent song but you can tell why it wasn't finished, it cannot even compare to Forever.  This is the perfect album for first time Skid Row fans, it will get you familiar with they're style and then you can decide if you want to get more into them or not. I also reccommend this to fans of the band for the unreleased songs and the live version of Beat Yourself Blind.
0767824571|5.0|this is the best comedy ever put to film. after a while it may feel a little sluggish, but the laughs continue right to the abrupt and rather unique ending.
B00000FCBC|5.0|On this album Metallica manages to cover songs by their heroes and make them sound like their own while still staying true to the original. That's an extremely hard thing to do. This album is comprised of both new and old cover versions of songs. The first disc recorded in 1998 and the second disc containing songs from their ep's Garage Days Re-Revisited, Garage Days Revisited as well as b-sides and 4 Motorhead covers called Motorheadache.  I will review each disc seperately. The first disc opens with the Discharge song Free Speech for the Dumb. This song is extremely heavy and James Hetfield's voice fits this song perfectly. The next song It's Electric was originally recorded by one of Metallica's biggest influences Diamond Head. They make this song all their own. The Black Sabbath song Sabbra Cadabra is next. This is a classic Sabbath album track. Though hardly anyone can touch Sabbath Metallica does a fine job of it. Next up is the first single and Bob Seeger classic Turn the Page. This song is proof of Metallica's versatility as a band and musicians. Kirk Hammett's slide guitar is top notch. The next song is the Misfits classic Die Die My Darling, while Metallica's been accused for ruining Misfits songs I think that they do an excellent job with them. Next is the Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds song Loverman. This song begins slow and moody then throughout the song gets heavy. Next is a medly of Mercyful Fate songs such as Satan's Fall, Curse of the Pharoahs, A Corpse Without Soul, Into the Coven, and Evil. This medley is excellent. Kirk Hammett's guitar playing is excellent and James' voice fits these songs perfectly. The Blue Oyster Cult song Astronomy follows, this song has kind of the same format as Loverman. It begins slow then kicks into a metal song. The second single and another one of the strongest songs on the album is Whiskey in the Jar. Metallica remade this Thin Lizzy classic amazingly. The band is extremely solid on this track. The next song surprisedmany fans of the band, it is a cover of the Lynyrd Skynyrd song Tuesday's Gone. It is nothing like any Metallica song with the exception of Mama Said off of Load. The do however do Tuesday's Gone great. The last song on disc one is another Discharge song called The More I See. This song has a very solid groove and shows how tight a rhythm section Jason Newstead and Lars Ulrich are, it also shows that Metallica is still and will always be the premier heavy metal band.  Disc two begins with songs from Garage Days Re revisited which were from 1987. The first song is the Diamond Head classic Helpless. Lars begins the song with a fast drum beat. This is one of my faovrite songs on this compilation. James' voice is also great but very different from the way he sounds now. the Small Hours is a song that was recorded by the band Holocaut. This track begins with a melodic and almost creepy guitar part and a simple drum beat until James' rhythm guitar comes in and then it kicks into a slow heavy song. The Wait was originally recorded by Killing Joke. It like every other song on this album is heavy, there's nothing really special about this. Crash Course in Brain Surgery which was originally recorded by Budgie is a strong point on this album. Last Caress/Green Hell were originally Misfits songs that I think Metallica did amazingly. I personally feel that these songs put the originals to shame. The next two songs are from Garage Days Revisited from 1984. The first of the two in my opinion is the difinitive Metallica cover song, Am I Evil? This Diamond Head song is truly amazing. The whole band is great on this song especially Kirk Hammett. This song is also occasionally performed live. The next song Blitzkrig is also great, it was originally recorded by the band of the same name. This is another really strong point of this album. The next section is called B-Sides and One-Offs which were recorded between 1988 and 1991. the first song is Budgie's Breadfan. This is another fan favorite for Metallica fans. This song is followed by yet another Diamond Head song, The Prince. This song is also fantastic. The Queen classic Stone Cold Crzy follows. This song was recorded at the same time as Metallica was asked to perform the Freddie Mercury Tribute show. This cover is really good and does the original justice. James Hetfield also performed this song live at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert with the surviving members of Queen as well as Black Sabbath co founder/guitarist Tony Iommi. Following this song is the Anti-Nowhere League song So What. This song is still a live favorite and is performed at every show. This song also contains some of the most controversial lyrics I've ever head. The last song in this section is Killing Time which was originally recorded by Sweet Savage. There's nothing really that special about this song. It's good but nothing special it does however have a great bridge/solo in it which in my opinion makes the song. The last section of the album is four Motorhead covers recorded in 1995. Theses are really nothing special at all. They are decent at best. Overkill starts it off, not being a big Motorhead fan I really don't even like this song to begin with so it really doesn't do anything for me. Damage Case, the next song, gets better. They do a good job on it and the guitar solo is really good. Jason does a good job on Stone Dead Forever, it's also an alright song. It's a very bass heavy song. The last song in this section is Too Late Too Late. This song isn't really that good either. Metallica does however make the song better than the original. It is a good way to close the album. As I'm sure most of you can tell I really like this album. I think this can stand up to their 90's albums. It is a really great album that I reccommend to anyone.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|There's been quite a great deal of dismay listed below from people who clearly Beatles devotees, who are dissatisfied with the limitations of this cd (so many fine songs which weren't number one hits have been left off), or with the cd's remastering of old mono classics. Given the enormous number of great songs the Beatles put out, however, it would be impossible to produce an affordable cd that covered their full career without leaving several hits off of it, and of course this album isn't really designed for hardcore Beatles devotees anyway (who presumably have all the albums already). Nor does this cd pretend to give us &quot;the best&quot; of the Beatles, which would send fans screaming in disagreement no matter what was chosen.<br />Rather, it's an affordable collection of their #1 hits, which allows the buyer 27 of the greatest rock songs ever written, covering almost the full span of an astonishingly varied and sophisticated career. And for what it is, it's terrific. Many of us who love the Beatles greatly--but who didn't want to invest in all their cd's--are extraordinarily grateful for this collection.
B000002JNJ|5.0|This album is without a doubt a heavy metal classic. Released in 1990 Cowboys from Hell made Pantera superstars in the metal community. This album is brutally heavy, it makes it had to believe that they were once a glam band.  This album opens with the classic title track. Everything about the song is great especially Dimebag Darrell or as he was known back then Diamond Darrell's guitar playing. The next songs Primal Concrete Sledge, Psycho Holiday, and Heresy are insanely heavy. Phil's vocals are extremely powerful. The next song is Pantera's trademark, Cemetery Gates. I can't say enough about this song. It is slow an melodic in the beginning then it kicks into somewhat of a power ballad with one of the most memorable metal guitar parts ever. This song also shows what an amazing drummer Vinnie Paul is. After Cemetery Gates the album kicks back into thrash. The songs Domination and Shattered are both really heavy like the rest of the album. Message in Blood is a great song, it is one of the strongest on the album. The guitar playing and the drums are both insane. The Sleep begins with somber acoustic guitar before turning heavy. This song is a different kind of heavy from the rest of the album. It's not fast and thrashy, it's more mid tempo heavy. The last song The Art of Shredding is another one of the best Pantera songs ever. The band sounds amazing on this track. Vinne's double bass is sick, Rex's bas is extremely solid, Phil's voice is pure Halford ala Fight, and Dime's guitar is amazing as usual. That song is the perfect way to end the album. Cowboys from Hell was only a taste of what was to come from this amazing band. This album is reccommended for fans of old Metallica, old Megadeth, Slayer, and Black Label Society.
B000002VCU|2.0|This is a silly concept album about gambling.  Parsons has made some very good concept albums where his electronic, spacy style of progressive music works well with the theme (as in I Robot or Eye in the Sky).  A rock album about gambling would be tough to pull off, and Parsons doesn't quite make it.  It wouldn't matter how dumb or pretentious the concept is, as long as the songs are good.  There just aren't very many good songs on this album.  Even the best stuff doesn't equal the standards on Parons other albums.  The song writing is weak and the music is bland.  There is some really poor guitar playing.  The last half of the CD (The Turn of a Friendly Card suite) is just a complete waste.  <br />The concept album was one of things that destroyed progressive/art rock, along with over indulgence and nonsensical lyrics.  There were many great concept albums (Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, Jefferson Starship's Blows Against the Empire and Willie Nelson's Redheaded Stranger), but there were also really bad ones (Yes's Tales of Topigraphical Oceans and almost anything by Rick Wakeman).  Alan Parsons is the concept album king.  He got his start as a studio engineer, working on such albums as Abbey Road and Dark Side of the Moon.  He got the concept album bug and &quot;formed&quot; the Alan Parsons Project.  The Alan Parsons Project is not a real group, but a studio excercise.  This has allowed Parsons to expand the music beyond the confines of a structured group, but has produced some uneven results.<br />Parsons started with Tales of Mystery and Imagination, putting the words of Edgar Alan Poe to music.  It was a pretentious concept but it worked fairly well.  He then made the fantastic I Robot, where his style of music and the Isaac Asimov story blended perfectly.  After that, he went on a slide, bottoming out  with this album.  He rebounded nicely with Eye in the Sky.
6305327084|5.0|This movie has a lot of things going on, and stands up to repeated viewings.  It's the kind of thing you can't help thinking about for weeks after you see it -- little scenes will lodge in your mind and constantly crop up in your consciousness in unexpected ways.<br />One thing I wanted to say -- I think the little subplot of the near-love interest between Timothy Hutton and Natalie Portman was the best part of the movie.  Especially given the thematic context of the movie in general, it seems to me that Marty represents the siren song of Timothy Hutton's own innocence, his own irresponsible childishness, which moor him to his past and prevent him from moving on.  Not that he necessarily should move on...  I myself had an experience, a very powerful experience, which was basically the same as the unrealized flirtation portrayed here.  I can absolutely attest to the reality of such human connections, and to their power to undo otherwise rational people.<br />Beyond that, all the characters here seem pretty dead-on to me, and I think of this as a sort of a sweet-spirited &quot;Jerry McGuire,&quot; suitable as a &quot;chick flick,&quot; a movie for guys to see with their buddies, and also as a very adult meditation on a number of resonant themes...  The &quot;you can't go home again&quot; theme also reminds me of &quot;Local Hero&quot; for some reason, which is another little-known flick that I think more people should see.  Anyway, two thumbs up.  Absolutely worth it.
B00001NFCY|1.0|Why are they so popular?Is this the same mentality that makes Saddam Hussein popular in Iraq?By force feeding?They sound like a tone deaf high school band that emulates Pearl Jam.He bellows his way through &quot;what if&quot; like a wounded elephant seal.The verse sounds almost exactly like &quot;give it away&quot; by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.The chorus sounds almost exactly like &quot;Bad Company&quot; by the group of the same name.In each instance it's done badly.I mean they're just awful.
0385495315|4.0|That a book about code writing and code breaking could be so interesting? This book presents a nice win-win because you'll get a solid education about encryption and  encryption technology, while being thoroughly entertained. <br />Anyone who is involved in the online business, or anyone interested in history in general, will benefit by reading this book.
B00004VW35|5.0|&quot;Old Ways&quot; may not be the Neil most fans want to hear, but IMO, it is grossly underrated. It presents a side of Neil that rounds him out as a versatile performer. I can't listen to &quot;My Boy&quot; without a tear rolling down my face.
0441172717|2.0|Dune seem to have some really cool concepts yet, it was two slow in the beginning so I really never could get into it. the whole benne gesseritt theory was cool where jessica could change the water of life so it couldnt kill you.<br />Thanks for reading <br />Sincerely<br />Tyler
B00004X01U|3.0|I'm a big fan of her, so i guess i just can't trash this album, even though i didn't expect her new &quot;cowgirl&quot; look and this electro-techno sound. Don't expect to find some really danceable tracks like Ray Of Light's &quot;Nothing really matters&quot; on this album! Anyway, if we agree to listen to this album without comparing it to her previous ones, it's a good and eclectic piece of work. I had to listen to it several times to really appreciate it, and for devoted fans like me, the title song Music was a bit hard to get into at first... This album is full of innovations, and full of clichs too, but with Madonna, there's always something catchy, something that keeps you from turning the radio off. So after few weeks I got to like this album for what it is and nothing else: another Madonna album in which she experiences things she hasn't done yet, and that have to be shared with her fans. Despite all the   critics, this album is well made and enjoyable. To mix accoustic guitar with electro sounds effects, well here's something fresh and original! We have to stop thinking that she still has to be the queen of pop she once was, and give her the credit she deserves. So what if she's trying things that have already been done...she's still a good artist to me.
B00000IL26|4.0|The title tune puts the lie to all those jazz purists who say you got to listen and not dance. Here's Morgan with an incredible lineup, including Hank Mobley and Joe Henderson on tenor, and the marvelous Barry Harris on piano, playing music with a serious backbeat. This was a moment in time when really great players didn't feel they were prostituting themselves by playing music that appealed to popular tastes. They were on the money then (to coin a phrase) and they're on the money now, because many Acid Jazz cats are coining it bigtime off this music. Forget art, let's dance!
0441172717|4.0|The book of Dune is a well thought up book.  It is deep it went over my head a lot of the time.     Dune is book about a boy that is the age of 14-15.  He taught me that fear cannot affect the way do things, if you always think positive.  Paul grew up learning from the best, I think that is the way that things should be learning from the best and practicing every day.  This alows you to be the best.  I liked the principal of being the Messiah you knew that he would not really die.  The part that I really did not like is trieing to understand the new words and their definitions and picture that in my mind Eric C
B00003CXBK|5.0|I was lucky enough to actually screen this film on it's debut in the United States at the Telluride Film Festival a few years back, and I was remeber being blown away by it.  Many of the films I see at the fest arn't half as exciting and well done as this film.  It's a superb movie, and I'm excited to see it doing so well.  Worth the buy!
B00003CXE7|2.0|Having seen this movie i must say that is was a waste of my time. The reason that i say this is that the history in this movie is messed up. I have had quite a few roman history classes this film has nothing to do with that. For those of you that want a good movie based upon acient rome this is not the movie. But if you have no idea what acient rome is about, their laws, or history, then you might like this movie.
B000002L7R|5.0|Second only to 'Sign of the Times', 'Around the World in a Day' is an exceptionally strong album.  Having followed Prince's career since the album &quot;Prince&quot; (the second album released in 1979) I eagerly awaited the release of each new album.  On the day of it's release in May 1985 I went, at opening, to my local music store to buy 'ATWIAD' and headed straight home to listen to it several times in a row; I was completely amazed.  The title, and opening, track's Indian influence followed by the Beatlesque 'Paisley Park' create a strong beginning which leads into what is surely one of Prince's best songs 'Condition of the Heart'.  The almost three-minute musical lead-in is superb and outstanding and the emotion in his voice on the four remaining minutes is raw and wrenching as he sings back up over his own voice.  Anyone who has ever experienced rejection empathyzes with him as he sings &quot;There was a girl...whom he sent a letter 2...she never answered back...&quot;<br />'Raspberry Beret' is a light but fun song that brings up the mood.  However it seems as if it was written to be released as a single and in that sense seems, at times, too &quot;constructed&quot;.  'Raspberry Beret' is the type of pop song that will appeal to non-fans whereas the following track 'Tambourine' is the sort of hard funk that only Prince's biggest fans will be likely to enjoy.  What is unfortunate is that 'Tambourine' is a superior track and deserves to be more well known.  (And who else but Prince could use a percussion instrument as a euphemism for sexual organs?)<br />On the vinyl record and cassette 'America' begins side two.  'America' is a blazing indictment of American arrogance and a great commentary on the severe situation of poverty and drug abuse that is so prevalant in the United States.  It is no wonder why this song ends with the question &quot;...Teacher why won't Jimmy pledge allegiance?&quot;<br />'Pop Life' is another song that sounds to me like it was writtento be a hit and that is perhaps it's only shortcoming.  Although it sounds too manufactured it nevertheless is an enjoyable, if not career-defining, song.  The interlude is inventive but perhaps, ironically, limited it's appeal for radio play.<br />The Ladder still elecits goose bumps after 15 years.  It is certainly one of Prince's underrated Gems and should be included on any future box set that hopes to claim to be a comprehensive representation of his career.  Wendy &amp; Lisa (as well as sister Susannah and Taj) add one of their best back up jobs ever and Prince's &quot;screaming&quot; on this song is passionate and flawless.  If there is a drawback to this song it is it's length (5'26) is too short - it sounds as if there was potential to turn this into an 8'00 - 9'00 song.  But perhaps it serves it's  point - leaving the listener wanting more.<br />Temptation, the final track on the album, borders on being &quot;too much&quot;.  It is just restrained enough to be one of Prince's most 'risque' songs while not being &quot;over the top&quot; like some of the tracks on the &quot;Come&quot; album that was to follow nine years later.  Again the screaming on this track is exceptional.  In many ways it is a very good song but perhaps fails in it's struggles to be a great song.  Additionally, in the conversation with God near the end of the track Prince comes off seeming slightly haughty.  A chance to &quot;preach&quot; rather than &quot;share&quot;?<br />Overall this album is just shy of &quot;Masterpiece&quot;.  He clearly tapped into the &quot;Creative conscious&quot; on this album; something he seems to have been struggling to do in the last few years.  Of his nearly 30 albums this still remains one of the best.
B0000022WA|5.0|Every rainy, snowy, stormy, windy, blustery - let's face it, any day when you can't do anything but stay inside and do nothing - I watch the Parent Trap. Don't ask me how I've managed to watch it, beginning to end, so many times in my life without driving everyone I know crazy, but by the 100th time I've seen it, it's not like I'm going to stop any time soon. In fact, as I'm writing this review, I'm watching it again...    I first watched it when I was six, catching it on the disney channel when looking for something to watch. It was pretty late in the movie, and I found out the ending before I ever knew who any of the characters were.  But I was hooked. I taped it when I caught it again - by then age eleven, and years and years later, it's not like I'm going to stop watching it. I told everyone who had never seen it, &quot;See it! Now!&quot; and even met Hayley Mills when she was travleing in &quot;The King and I&quot;, telling her how I loved the Parent Trap. She nodded, gave me her autograph, and said, &quot;Thank you.&quot;<br />  Watch the Parent Trap. Brighten your day up a lot.
B00000ICN5|5.0|The debut album of blues best guitarist ever. He didnt pay for using the studio, a friend of his gave the studio time as a present for Stevie, after listening to playing. The whole thing was recorded live in the studio, maybe one overdub. I have played the track rude mood to people that are not even into guitars and everybody immediatly jump out of their chairs.  Texas Flood is one of the greatest blues performances of all time. Stevie could play anything, nobody will ever fill his shoes.
B0000022WA|5.0|Every rainy, snowy, stormy, windy, blustery - let's face it, any day when you can't do anything but stay inside and do nothing - I watch the Parent Trap. Don't ask me how I've managed to watch it, beginning to end, so many times in my life without driving everyone I know crazy, but by the 100th time I've seen it, it's not like I'm going to stop any time soon. In fact, as I'm writing this review, I'm watching it again...    I first watched it when I was six, catching it on the disney channel when looking for something to watch. It was pretty late in the movie, and I found out the ending before I ever knew who any of the characters were.  But I was hooked. I taped it when I caught it again - by then age eleven, and years and years later, it's not like I'm going to stop watching it. I told everyone who had never seen it, &quot;See it! Now!&quot; and even met Hayley Mills when she was travleing in &quot;The King and I&quot;, telling her how I loved the Parent Trap. She nodded, gave me her autograph, and said, &quot;Thank you.&quot;<br />  Watch the Parent Trap. Brighten your day up a lot.
B00003CWL6|5.0|A note to all you aspiring critics-- starting a review off with &quot;I'm a big fan of movies&quot; or &quot;I love all kinds of movies&quot; does not indicate that you are gifted with some insight into movies.  It means that you're self absorbed and probably like any kind of dreck that makes sense to the kind of person who would think that it's intelligent to precede a review with the comment, &quot;I'm a big fan of movies&quot;.  Yeah, the rest of us are here because we hate movies.<br />American Beauty isn't the best movie ever, and it isn't the most original.  But it manages to breath life into situations that have been done hundreds of times before (no need for a litany) and give us something new and original.  <br />It's good stuff and it's worth watching.
0671867369|5.0|I must admit this, I was sceptical about the value of this book as it was quite costly compared to Mr Ambrose's other books. And so I read it up at the local bookstore, and viola I nearly finished the book that afternoon. However the gripping stories and tales of a tiny little unit so closely illustrates many other units' life that I bought it and spend the next few days reading it again. The stories are fairly personal and each soldier had his different view towards the war, but like the namesake everyone (nearly) fights for his buddy, the country and the world.<br />In fact, I'm reading it right now......if only more tales are in
B00004T9UF|5.0|At first i thougth he was going to be a 1 hit wonder. But he has alot to say, makes me wonder if his childhood was rougth. The only thing is the man can't his messages or lyrics without a curse after each word, maybe it's a way of stunning the young masses into buying his cd's. But, for the first time i saw editted cd's, so now i can get my 12 year old bro his cd's without my moms worrieing if the cd is to much for him. Thanks amazon!
0441172717|4.0|Dune is a very complex novel.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It allowed you to understand every character by the italisized writing.  A key to their thoughts and inner selves.  There was much excitement to everything that was going on, and something was always going on.  Never a dull moment.  Everytime you had a question about what was going to happen or how a particular thing came to be a few chapters later it would answer it for you, which made it more fun to read, more intense.  It made you want to know what was going to happen next.  I've always been a Science Fiction Fan, Dune is one of the better ones I've read.<br />Sincerely, Bianca Brock
B00004XONN|5.0|i have long been a fan of expermental music and this album was a natural buy for me. After listening to it several times i can see why it has been met with 2 kinds of reviews. Those who love it or those who hate it. i havent seen any middle ground (except for those who dont care).If you are into expermintal rock and electronica then this is for you. love it or hate it it's a nice change of pace from most new music.
B00003CXBK|5.0|It seemed like such a wonderful diversion.  A Princess Mononoke party......So we're sitting around at my friends house, they are serving saki and rice crackers, a little wasabi and such.  They are clad in kimonos.  My son, a Totoro junkie, is in the other room, as we have been warned by anime junkies(of which we are not of the club) about the violence of the upcoming event.  Our friends have no kids, and don't know how disturbing a,albeit animated, beheading can be to a child.  Yes, it's a princess Mononoke party.  What a success!!!  My son watched most of it, although we often had to say things like...&quot;oh look the man's head came off...isn't the grass green&quot;.  This is a gorgeous adult film...This director has been called the Disney of Japan, and I am afraid that does him some disservice.  Surely, this film deals in moral ambiguity like Walt dealt in surreal Pink Elephants, but again it seems like a misnomer...the inability for us to accept things for what they are but rather name them some american equivalent&gt;  This is challenging, mystical, beautiful stuff that shouldn't be compared to anything else.  Environmental issues, life and death and morals are all dealt with in a very different way.  This is a film that will stay with you, haunt you, because it doesn't refuse to take a stand, but rather takes many stands, and doesn't back away.Sure, you'll get thrown off if you want, by American voices but the power of lifes ambiguity remains. Check this one out...but put your kid in the other room, or be prepared to divert him.
B00000DLVA|4.0|Instead of continuing in dream pop territory, (which aside from &quot;Lovefool&quot; was yucky) the Cardigans dive into my favorite type of music!  Altnernative rock &amp; trip-hop. The best songs here are &quot;Hanging Around&quot; and &quot;My Favorite Game&quot; (You'll recognize the beginning).  But, there are a couple songs that don't really get my juices flowing.  &quot;Higher&quot; is too blah, and so is &quot;Explode&quot;.  Ooooo, let's not forget another song that's a real treat, &quot;Erase/Rewind&quot;!  It's a cute and catchy song.  The instrumental at the end could of been good, but, it's too brief. If you adore the Cardigans previous work, you could easily be disappointed with this effort, but, if you've got some rockin' inside you'll bones, you'll enjoy it.  You may not think of the cardigans inside Mr. Rogers closet when you hear this, but, there's still plenty of soft fabric left.  lol, wasn't that a horrible ending?
B0000542DH|5.0|The most exciting director of our generation,Oliver Stones NBK is our generations answer to Kubricks A Clockwork Orange. Never content ,forever driven,Stones exploration of our society and its bloodthirsty vouyeristic ossession with carnage will one day be appreciated for its satire instead of being maligned by narrow minded simpletons afraid of facing reality.Enjoy the breathtaking cinematography ,frantic pacing and superior casting as Oliver once again proves he is a man with a vision .Tarentinos book comes to life in a surrealistic journey inside the mind of a psychopath woven through the eyes of a materialistic fast food tabloid saturated society. Never about less than three issues at once,NBK is sure to evoke lively debates for generations.Love it or loathe it ,Oliver can always give your mind its money worth.Me, I loved it.
B00000DLVA|4.0|Instead of continuing in dream pop territory, (which aside from &quot;Lovefool&quot; was yucky) the Cardigans dive into my favorite type of music!  Altnernative rock &amp; trip-hop. The best songs here are &quot;Hanging Around&quot; and &quot;My Favorite Game&quot; (You'll recognize the beginning).  But, there are a couple songs that don't really get my juices flowing.  &quot;Higher&quot; is too blah, and so is &quot;Explode&quot;.  Ooooo, let's not forget another song that's a real treat, &quot;Erase/Rewind&quot;!  It's a cute and catchy song.  The instrumental at the end could of been good, but, it's too brief. If you adore the Cardigans previous work, you could easily be disappointed with this effort, but, if you've got some rockin' inside you'll bones, you'll enjoy it.  You may not think of the cardigans inside Mr. Rogers closet when you hear this, but, there's still plenty of soft fabric left.  lol, wasn't that a horrible ending?
B0000507R2|5.0|When Natalie Merchant announced her departure from 10,000 Maniacs, there was much speculation about whether or not she would be able to match the quality of the Maniacs songs in a solo career. On my first listen through the Tigerlily CD in the summer of 1995, I knew for sure that Natalie had come through. Tigerlily was an amazing album. When I popped the DVD-Audio disc in my player and began listening, it was like the first time all over again. It's the same beautiful music and the same incredible songwriting, but the sound is exceptional. <br />The surround mix adds a quality to the music that can't easily be described in words, and the depth of the sound easily outpaces that of the CD. I found myself noticing subtle elements to each song that I had never heard before. Each instrument stands on its own, with much better seperation than exists in the stereo mix on the CD. Just to be sure I wasn't hallucinating, I listened to a track from the CD and then immediately listened to the DVD version. No contest. This is no minor difference. It's amazing.<br />As previous reviews have noted, you need a DVD-Audio player to take full advantage of the disc. The disc does contain Dolby Digital tracks, so it will play on a regular DVD player, but you won't be getting the best possible sound from it. This is not a video DVD, so don't expect movies, music videos or anything else. Buy this disc for the music, not for extras.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Fred Durst is a mastermind! He has a perfect way of hooking you in with his loud, in your face vocals that go hand in hand with Wes Borland's amazing guitar riffs.  Sam Rivers backs Borland up with sweet sounding bass tunes.  John Otto is an outstanding drummer that keeps Durst's voice in perfect rythm.  The sound is complete with DJ Lethal's perfect scratching to play as a backup for Durst's poetic raps.  All of this and more makes this in your face, wonderfully sounding record a five star for sure.
B000002OR4|5.0|As a daughter of two holocaust survivors, and the granddaughter of grandparents did not survive, I found the movie especially haunting. This beautiful music so perfectly captured the mood of the film that the listener cannot tell if they are crying for the victims or because the music is so beautiful, or both. That is exactly what a movie soundtrack is supposed to do, and this particular soundtrack does it better than any in history.<br />I dare you to listen to the main theme and not cry, whether or not you have seen the movie.  I urge even people who are not classical music fans to buy this masterpiece.
0441172717|4.0|In my science fiction/fantasy class, we read Dune.  I haven't ever really taken the time to read SF books.  That is the main reason i took the class.  Of the very few Science Fiction books I have read, I would have to say that Dune is the best.  It is very hard to believe that an author can keep himself inline, with such a complicated plot.  This book in my opinion is very good, and it really keeps you interested and is full of action that keeps your attention. This is a very good book, and I recommend it everyone.  Whether or not you enjoy SF books.
B00004XONN|1.0|A total dissapointment, comparing previous releases. The worst of the worst for this Year. Can I have my money back please?
B00003CWRX|3.0|DON'T BUY THIS MOVIE IT'S NOT WORTH IT.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I'm not even a Metalica fan, and I love this album.  Over the years I have criticized other efforts to combine rock music with classical orchestration -- I consider most of it to range from the OK to the simply awful -- However, S&amp;M Live does an absolutely EXCELLENT job integrating orchestra with rock band.  I consider that it's THE best non-Procol-Harum effort in this respect.  You should buy it.  The songs are good, performances tight, and darnit, the poor Metalica boys need the money.  That last bit is tongue-in-cheek, but otherwise my review is sincere.  I hope you will like this excellent recording.
0441172717|5.0|I thought that this book was very discriptive, so discriptive that I sometimes got lost reading it, and I had to re-read some pages as much as five times, but I really liked how Frank described the characters, when you read about them, it was like you were actually them and I got really involved in the reading.  The only thing that I didn't like was that the reading was diffucult to get through.  I think that Frank Herbert was an excellent writer, his ideas are so BIG that sometimes you have to keep reading something he said so you could understand what he was saying.
0441172717|4.0|Dune is a very difficult book to read and one must have the ability to understand big words and a good memory.  The ability to layer plots the way Frank did must have ben very difficult and intens.  The new word he creates are very difficult to read.  It makes you want to know what the word is and what is going to happen next.
B00004Z459|5.0|This CD is one awesome CD.  It is a mix of many types of music including aggro, rap, and metal.  If you like any of these genres, you will like Linkin Park.  All the songs on the CD are awesome (songs 1, 2, and 4 being my personal favorites) and are all different, so you won't get sick of them.  I definitely recommend this CD to everybody.  Linkin Park will be one of the big names in aggro rock real soon.
B00004W3MS|5.0|This album is very very cool... I picked it up in Iceland almost two years ago.  I'm very excited that it's now available in the U.S.  I've just read that the version available here is missing one of the tracks which the original album included (the opening track).  This is ashame, since this track is one of the album's components that ties the whole thing together.<br />The album as a whole is truly unique.  It plays with your emotion which is indicative that it really comes right from the hearts of these beautiful guys who created it.  The album is a bit reminiscent of Pink Floyd while it also seems to have influenced Radiohead's latest album.<br />The lyrics sound beautiful.  If it's possible that the grandeur of a peculiar country like Iceland could be described only by sound, Sigur Ros has already accomplished it.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|I find this THE BEST example out there of garage band music ever assembled in one place.  I too , was active and listening in the mid-60's from a little known radio market in Waco, Texas of all places, and I have or did hear a lot more than 20% of the music herein contained. I harken back to attending a Mouse and The Traps concert in Waco, when I was 15 or 16. They were a regional act , but had some killer music, witness &quot;A Public Execution&quot;. This was a great time to be alive and this music was fantastic..How about &quot;I Had Too Much Too Dream Last Night&quot;?  If ever a song AWOKE me, it was that one. and....Dirty Water,Pushin Too Hard,Liar,Liar...Psychotic Reaction,Farmer John,Talk Talk,Laugh Laugh,Double Shot......it goes on....I love it , if you cut your teeth on rock n roll and you were a teenager in the sixties....You should have this, and if not you should pay homage to whence the music you listen to now came from
6305807086|1.0|After the 2nd scene the movie start boring. The only normal person and really a good actor is John Malkovich itself. All scenario and stuff are incredible tastless.
B00004TH83|4.0|Do yourself a favor and listen to her Previous works in French! Her prior CD's &quot;Tout&quot;, &quot;CarpeDiem&quot; are far more impressive. People have not called LARA FABIAN the successor of BABRA STREISAND for nothing. I would say that if her French Albums were rereleased in English, her conquest of the US Music Market would be phenomenal. She is like a cross of Barbra Streisand and Celine Dion. She has Streisand's perfection and finesse with Dion's fire, power and regal qualities. She is now positioned to take the US market since she now has exposure but she will have to keep the fire burning with songs like &quot;Si tu m'aimes&quot;, &quot;Je suis Malade&quot;, &quot;Ici&quot;, &quot;Puisque C'est l'Amour&quot;, &quot;Pas Sans Toi&quot;. To me, these are are Flag Ship Signature Songs that showcase her abilities. As I spread the Gospel of Lara Fabian, please introduce her to your friends as she is sure to enrich more souls in the world. The richness of her voice will also move you to tears again and again whether in English, French, Spanish or Italian... God Bless LARA FABIAN!
B00000IAU3|5.0|As a frequent watcher of Roswell i really wanted this cd and was not dissapointed
B00003CX97|5.0|Rated #11 on AFI's (American Film Institutes) 1998 top 100 movies of the last 100 years.  This 1957 DVD Limited Edition (7 Oscar Winner including the BIG 3; Best Picture, Director - David Lean and Actor - Alec Guinness) World War II Japanese Prisoner Of War camp Classic remains one of the best psycological war movies made.  (1953's &quot;Stalag 17&quot; a WWII German POW camp is the other.  Ironically William Holden won a Best Actor Oscar).  <br />The story is about 3 main fanatical characters; First is Colonel Saito (Sessue Hayakawa) the Japanese prison camp commander.  Second is Colonel Nicolson (Alec Guinness) the English commander of the POW's (introduced by the now famous whistling tune, &quot;Colonel Bogey's March&quot;). Third is an English (demolition expert) Commando Major (Jack Hawkins) guided by an escape POW (William Holden) a reluctant, coerced sailor who's kismet is chosen for him.  These 3 Soldiers and 1 Sailor have impossible missions to accomplish with all their fates focused at one common place at one specific time.  <br />The 2 Stories are; One build &quot;The Bridge on the River Kwai&quot; in a very compressed time line.  The Second is to destroy this same bridge.  The stories have many twists and turns while the finale is surprisingly abrupt after a long complex journey.<br />This 1957 wide screen classic is beautifully restored and plays very well even without all the special digital effects of today.  The realism is so vivid.  Seen phyically on the POW's and soldiers bodies and faces.  The Dolby 5.1 puts you in the thick of the jungle with an eerie feeling.  A frighteningly close environment, dense, with very little visibility but the sound is 360 degrees.  Only these sounds to cue your imagination and senses.  <br />As always with a DVD 2 pack there is an abundance of background information about the movie.  A nice collectors package.
B0000024ZI|5.0|This is the album which brought Mott to commercial and critical acclaim.  At this point, the boys were at their creative peak, and with David Bowie's sterling production (not to mention the Bowie-penned hit, &quot;All The Young Dudes&quot;),the album is a winner from start to finish.  Ian Hunter turns in an inspired performance, and Mick Ralphs, although not in a class with Clapton or Page, is more than adequate.  Verden Allen, Dale Griffin and Pete Watts also shine throughout.  Although the follow-up album (&quot;Mott&quot;) was similarly successful, this is the definitive Mott album.  Highly recommended.
0140288503|5.0|Although given overwhelmingly favorable reviews, some note that the narrative lacks the sense of &quot;black irony&quot; present in many other war stories.  I disagree.  This book hides its subtlety and nuance behind chillingly stoic prose.  By freeing himself from the somewhat egotistical need to analyze the battle from a modern, cynical foreign policy perspective, Bowden allows the events to speak for themselves.  Black irony abounds, but it is never underlined.  Bowden allows the reader to place blame; understanding, I think, that the current gap in modern journalism isn't a lack of sage analysis, but a lack of unbiased, unflinching reportage.  The fact that Bowden was the first and only reporter to give serious coverage to this event bears out this unfortunate fact.
B000003TAB|5.0|How can you tell true Nirvana fans from the majoral posers? Ask a true fan what their favorite Nirvana album is and their answer will probably be &quot;Incesticide&quot;. Why? Take a listen.  This album is &quot;grunge&quot; at it's finest moment. &quot;Dive&quot;,&quot;Aero-Zeppelin&quot;,&quot;Sliver&quot;,&quot;Turnaround&quot;,&quot;Stain&quot;,&quot;Big,Long,Now&quot; &amp; &quot;Anuerysm&quot; are some, if not, the BEST songs by the band. I have owned this CD since it came out in 92 and it still continues to blow me away.  Do yourself a favor, if you don't own this CD, get it! Who knows? It's not a very popular album and I'm surprised it hasn't been discontinued.  So get it now while you can!
B00002E23E|5.0|Being a die hard Zeppelin fan I swore I'd never sit through another 2 and 1 half hours of such undeserving sound and picture quality. As soon as I hooked up my new DVD player into my Sony Pro Logic stereo with surround sound. Not only did I sit through the whole show, I've sat through it three times this week. I feel like I'm right in the front row, but I get a chance to vividly fell the on stage presence that this version presents.      I have only one complaint. Where in the Hell can I find NO Quarter/Unleaded.      Hats off to the worlds greatest rock and roll band.<br />Joseph G. Kelly
B0000524CY|5.0|This is one the best movies I've ever seen, this is real horror. Now-a-days, if this movie was made now, it'd probobly kind of be retarded becase Hollywood tries to make it more interesting with parts that are not in the movie, characters, ect... Sometimes people say this movie doesn't make sense, especially the part in the begging. Well, if you read the book (which I did, it's like way more scary than the movie, honest...) It would make sense because you're in the &quot;minds&quot; of the characters, you know what they're thinking, and it would make more sense, (i.e. why does she talk like Burke Dennins? or how exactly she got possessed (there had to be a cause) just read the book, you'd love it) The new version, well, with the added scenes, I thought it was great, but a lot of people are like &quot;...it was a jip! only 11 minutes of new footage...&quot; and that gets me mad, because it was recorded when the movie was recorded, they were scenes that would've scared the hell out of people (or should I say &quot;..in them...&quot;..j/k) and it's not like they were people who looked like the characters and added in, like recorded now, this stuff was recorded back when it was being made! So why not pay to see the original? I think that this movie would be well worth it...
0767821629|4.0|This movie has taken me by surprise. It's a kind of mix between Matrix and Dark City, but in many ways it undoubtly appears superior to them because of its high cleverness and its successful eerie atmosphere. Especially the recreation of 30's Los Angeles is breathtaking.<br />I don't understand what people mean by poor direction and actors, because I found this film to have excellent acting performance and a very smooth and appropriate direction.<br />This very smart film deserves the same cult-status as Dark City, at the very least. Future will prove me right.
0446608955|5.0|Being a Nicholas Sparks fan, I wanted to read this book without knowing a thing about it. I devoured this book in one day. What a story of innocence and love! The characters are few, like most Sparks books, but are developed to their fullest potential. I had to keep reminding myself that the main character is only a teenager. Of course, the ending is an emotional, heart wrenching experience. I cried for a good 20 minutes after finishing it! I highly recommend this story to all.
0194314243|5.0|No other book on my bookshelf is more worn out. I use it all the time. When I started to study English I used to use an English / Portuguese (my first language) dictionary but I could only actually improve my English when I started using the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary.<br />The dictionary has lots of pictures (over 1700) for words that can be explained but for which a picture is much more effective like &quot;hinge&quot;. The words have a pronunciation guide with a mark (') showing the main stress. There are many useful appendixes like irregular verbs conjugation, usage of numbers, punctuation, family relationships and a few colorful maps.<br />Over 220 usage notes clarify the subtle differences among words such as dealer trader and merchant. Although it's mainly a British English dictionary the differences in spelling, use or pronunciation between American English and British English are stressed.<br />By far the most interesting feature is the extremely reduced defining vocabulary constituted of 3500 words. The great majority of definitions are written using that reduced defining vocabulary. This simplifies the definitions and it's a great starting vocabulary for the beginners. The use of such a small defining vocabulary rules out the use of this dictionary as a thesaurus but the advantages compensate this drawback.<br />My copy is a paper back that has been reinforced with adhesive tape. This makes the dictionary lighter and handy. I used to put it on my back pack and take it to all my classes when I started college in USA.<br />The drawbacks are the need of an additional thesaurus and the fact that the entries are not syllabified. Nevertheless I would give it 10 stars if I could.<br />Leonardo Alves - December 2000
B00004YA66|5.0|A very entertaining movie. Good script. Different knid of movie. Big Thrills. Buy it!
B000024D4R|5.0|This is one of my favorate Pink floyd albums.The songs are just epic,and the album talks about the different social classes in society.  In general,Pink floyds music will live on forever,it will never be dated,people will be listening to it for many,many years to come!
B00000K0E5|5.0|Back in 1987, a few years after Roger Moore announced he was retiring from playing James Bond, the search was on to find a new Bond to take his place.  In the front-running, was up and coming Irish actor, Pierce Brosnan, who made a name for himself on the popular television series, Remington Steele.  It should be pointed out that he in fact did win the part of 007 and was scheduled to begin filming, when, just a few weeks prior, it was realized that Brosnan's TV contract with Remington Steele conflicted with his working schedule on the Bond movie.  Sadly, no compromise could be made and Pierce Brosnan reluctantly stepped down, being replaced by Shakespearean actor, Timothy Dalton, who would go on to star in only two James Bond movies (The Living Daylights and Licence To Kill, respectively).                        But soon after Licence To Kill ended, a huge court battle over the rights to the Bond franchise erupted, preventing producer, Albert R.&quot;Cubby&quot; Broccoli from making any more 007 films.  Soon, many wondered if James Bond had finally met his match, with Dalton's contract up, and the actor no longer interested in doing future Bond films, things began to look bleak for everybody's favorite spy.  It would be 6 years, the longest in history without a 007 film in movie theaters, before Broccoli was finally able to produce another James Bond movie.  The title, named after author Ian Fleming's home in Jamaica, Goldeneye would be the film to decide  Bond's fate.  And after nearly 9 years since he had to give up the coveted role, Pierce Brosnan was asked again to play James Bond.  Thankfully, this time his schedule was open and he soon became the 5th actor to portray Bond on the big screen for United Artists and MGM Pictures (EON Productions overseas in Europe).                         So much was riding on this film.  With a newer generation of movie goers out there, what modifications would be needed, if any, to insure Bond's appeal to the public?   It wasdecided to modernize the franchise and bring in fresh talent to give it a new flavor.  Replacing John Barry as composer would be Eric Serra, best known for his work on the films by director, Luc Besson (Subway, Leon, The Fifth Element).  Deciding to stray away heavily from the traditional Bond themes, which to him, felt outdated, Serra began a complete overhaul on the scoring, a feat to this day, he has never regretted.  Director, Martin Campbell was also looking for fresh ideas and concepts.  He knew he had a great task before him, not just making a good film but living up to previous efforts and scores of fans everywhere.  Things had to be memorable.                         What a choice it would be, indeed, to begin the film with what would be one of the greatest stunts in Bond history.  Filmed at Contra Dam near Lugano, Switzerland, stuntman Wayne Michaels broke a world record for the longest bungee jump against a fixed object (a 640-foot drop).  This one scene would set the tone for the entire film...Bond is back!  But the film wouldn't stop there with amazing stunts.  The now famous tank drive through St. Petersburg would also be a feast for the eyes.  Partially shot at the famous Russian City, and the rest shot back at Leavesden Studios in England, it would take about 150 permits to execute the scene, with the citizens of St. Petersburg looking on, not knowing who James Bond even was, since all previous 007 films were banned in Russia.              Bond's new BMW Z3 Roadster would be equipped with Stinger missiles behind the headlights, an ejector seat, an emergency parachute braking system, and an all-points radar tracking system.  Although quite impressive, it was decided not to use these gadgets in the film as it had all been done before in previous Bond outings (Goldfinger, The Living Daylights, ect).  Campbell wanted everything to be new and fresh, to see things we've never seen before in a Bond movie.  Such was the case for the climatic confrontation between Bond and Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean) which was shot on the largest spherical radio telescope in Arecibo, Puerto Rico.  A true eye grabber.<br />          Good acting was also very crucial to make for a more believable (and memorable) outing.  For another fresh touch it was decided that the character of &quot;M&quot; be portrayed by a woman instead of a man as it was usually done.  Famed English actress, Judi Dench was offered the part and immediately responded to it.  Her scene with 007 in her office would be another one of those crucial scenes that would set the mood as well as the standard for future Bond films.  <br />          Robbie Coltrane, playing Valentin Zukovsky, in a now quite memorable performance.  Sean Bean as Alec Trevelyan (006), who was at one time considered for the role of James Bond.  Izabella Scorupco (Natalya Simonova) and Famke Janssen (Xenia Onatopp) who are now considered two of the best Bond Women of all.  All these wonderful performances would only enhance the film itself and take it to another level all its own.<br />          With a unique main title sequence with lead vocals by Tina Turner and music by Bono and The Edge (of U2 fame) it made a memorable impression, although some Russian officials found some of the shots of Russian monuments crumbling very insulting.<br />          But the happiest of ending is that Goldeneye did very well at the box office when it premiered in December of 1995, becoming the highest grossing Bond film of all, only to be beaten by the next two Bond films (Tomorrow Never Dies &amp; The World Is Not Enough).  The word was out.  Bond is back and here to stay.  &quot;Bond.....Only Bond&quot;.
6305604215|5.0|I purchased this movie locally for our great-daughter who is now 4 years old; we decided to go low-tech this holiday season and we searched the web for classic shirley temple paper dolls and this classic movie...a wonderful gift for our little girl. It is nice to have her start watching the old classics. a great gift!
B00004Z459|5.0|Since I've heard One Step Closer on the radio I was intrigued by this group, and since the time I have heard the other tracks on the CD I cant stop listening to it. Its in my CD player in my car and at home and at work. I typically become tired of a CD after a week or two, but not this one. Each time I think I've heard it all, there is some aspect to the music which I did not recognize before. Right now my favourite tracks are With You, Points of Authority, and In The End (which I sat down and figured out the notes the piano played it the beginning, and now I can play along with the beginning of the song). The only downside to this CD I have found is the fact its under 40 minutes. If it were 60+, then this would be absolutely perfect.
B00000G3PA|5.0|This movie is the greatest movie i've ever seen! It's exciting me every time im watching it! the story is amazing and original. I'm not sure i can call this movie SCIENCE FICTION - couse this can really happen! enjoy
6305364648|4.0|TRUE LIES is a great movie. It offers something for everyone. Whether you want action, intrigue, or romance TRUE LIES has it. Arnold Schwarzenegger plays Harry Tasker, who to his family is a dull computer salesman. When in actuality, Harry is a spy for the Omega Sector. His greatest adventure is the one we get to see in this great action film.<br />  James Cameron (of TITANIC and TERMINATOR 2 fame) directed and scripted this thriller. Cameron used the classic &quot;Arnold Movie Formula&quot; of tongue-in-cheek humour, and stunning action to craft the picture. The plot is believable and moves swiftly thanks to Cameron's talent as a screenwriter/director. A fine cast including Jamie Lee Curtis, Tom Arnold, and Charlton Heston (his cameo was all too brief)add to making the film great.<br />    If you love action movies with great plots and stunts or just action movies in general, TRUE LIES is a movie you should see. Give it a shot to get your adrenaline pumping, I guarantee you'll not be disappointed.
0684833395|5.0|Catch 22 is definitely THE BEST book I've read yet. Joseph Heller's characters are very believable, from Yossarian to Colonel Cathcart. The plot is clear, but has its twists and turns, leaving the reader expecting more and getting it. The amazing amount of paradoxes in the book leave you pondering, and the beauty of it is that they all fit in with the book. Truly a must-read book!
6302719631|1.0|The worst representation of a Jane Austen story I have had the displeasure of watching.Do not buy under any circumstances.
B00004XOWM|5.0|First of all, reading other people's reviews I find myself angry at the average rating this CD got. This is a really good album, consdering it came out just 18 months after Signicant Other. All of the songs are really catchy and rythmic (especially Rollin' and My Way) and Wes does a good job at maintaining heaviness having from switched from a 7-string to a 6-string.Overall, it's a brillant musical masterpiece and Limp Bizkit deserves more credit than they recieved.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is the best CD that I have bought in a long time. I can't stop listening to it. I especially like songs 4,7, and 9. Linkin Park has an incredible sound and I can't wait until their next album comes out as well as to see them live!
068484267X|5.0|ANGELA'S ASHES is the memoirs of Frank Mccourt and the recollections of his childhood spent in Ireland. The story is told from the viewpoint of young Francis Mccourt, from the young age of about 5 or 6 til he hits the age of 19, and we see him age before our eyes as the writing style changes from chapter to chapter.<br />   Frank's mother is Angela, and she suffers daily trying to keep her children fed and clothed, trying to make ends meet because her husband is so lazy and full of drink that she can never depend on him to do a full day's work for pay.  And when Malachy McCourt does get paid,  he ends up at the local taverns and pubs,  drinking his weekly pay.   Angela has to resort to finding the odd job, or worse yet, to begging at the welfare offices.<br />Frank and his family start out life in America, but move to Ireland to escape the poverty they knew in America, thinking they would find a better life in Ireland. They were wrong. The McCourts live a life of extreme poverty in their new homeland, but the book is told in the voice of someone who sees life in a different light.  You want to laugh with Frank when he describes the terrible conditions they live in - an entire section alone was devoted to the stinking toilet that they had to share with the rest of the neighborhood.   It was a hard life for them all, but from the tone of young Francis, the reader does not always get that impreession.  All he and his family knew was poverty, and they existed in this way as best they could.<br />ANGELA'S ASHES won the PulitZer Prize and it was well deserved. Frank Mccourt's masterpiece on life in Ireland told in the voice of a young Irish American boy is haunting yet real. It's a serious book, but the tone is light-hearted.   The spirit of young Francis McCourt shines through each page, and you root for him when he inches his way toward his goal: to buy a ticket to America.
0440234743|5.0|Grisham stayed out of the courtroom for most of this book, and as usual, had a good main character that you could relate with and feel for.  One of Grisham's best.
6303921248|5.0|I completely and entirely fell in love with this production of an Era long gone by; Colin Firth ( Mr Darcy) was very appropriately cast as the handsome well bred gentleman Master of Pemberly and Jennifer Ehle (Miss Elizabeth Bennet) as the vivacious, somewhat of a rebel for her day, but with utmost wit to complement her warm personality. They both gave an outstanding performance to be well remembered. In contrast Adrian Lukis'(Lt Wickham)performance was wanting, he did not quite meet the demands of his character. My favorite supporting character study was that of colourful Mrs Bennet by the very talented actress Alison Steadman very well coupled with a well tempered Benjamin Whithtrow as Mr Bennet and they were all highly complimented by a fine cast of actors under the Direction of Simon Langton of 'Upstairs Downstairs' fame.   <br />For a production to be complete all of the very important and necessary ingredients must come together like a delightful symphony and Pride and Prejudice exemplifies this. Aside from a carefully chosen cast there was great care in the choice of costumes, beautiful cinematography of the English countryside with its gentry coupled with a truly joyful music to accompany the many lighthearted moments.<br />I watched the very colourful characters come alive and so the magic was there.It is of interest to note that very few productions are done with such care as this one and resist the temptation of making major changes in an already Great Creation.<br />Many people who are not at present into reading the classics will be encouraged to read Jane Austen's ingeniously written masterpiece.<br />It would have given Jane Austen great Pride to see her work  elevated to a new dimension, but followed so carefully as not to Prejudice her Masterful Creation.<br /> <br />                                       M.Cooling
0684800713|3.0|I picked up &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; by Ernest Hemmingway after I read the original New York Time's review of Jack Kerouac's &quot;On The Road&quot;(My favorite book) comparing the novel to &quot;The Sun Also Rises.&quot; The two books had very little in common but I won't go into that. &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; is Hemmingway's tale of his lost generation of rich kids who fought in World War 1 and now do nothing but travel, eat, and go to clubs. The book's subject is a very fascinating one and the reason that kept me reading. However, Hemmingway half way through the novel starts to bore us and turns us from the novel instead of getting us interested in the characters. Judging from the split reviews I've read on Amazon, I've concluded you'll either be bored with this book or think it is a masterpiece.<br />The novel starts us out with Jack, a wounded ex World War 1 soilder who spends his better days hanging out in Paris Cafes and nightclubs. We are also introduced to Robert; an old school friend of Jack's and despised by others around him for being a Jew. Robert is an outsider of Jack's group always trying to fit in and cursed out by the group (I'll get to that later.) We also meet Brett, Jack's-I believe ex-girlfriend- who never knows weather she loves Jack or not. People believe that she is one of the best female heroine's in 20th cent. Literature. The group with a few others decides to go to Spain and see the bullfighting. In Spain, we think the characters will somehow be changed or come to terms with their lifestyle but it is pretty much the same as their lives in Paris. Even, the bullfighting just seems like a ho-hum experience to Jack and his friends.<br />Your average chapter in the book is something along these lines...Jack wakes up with a hangover around noon and quickly goes down for breakfast with his friends, Robert comes around and everyone yells at him, When Robert leaves everyone says anti-Semitic comments about him, Jack listens indifferently, everyone decides to meet at a place for dinner, everyone takes a nap then goes to dinner, they all order expensive wine and insult Robert more, they go to a club, Brett and Jack end up going back to their places, Brett is about to make love but then doesn't, jack falls asleep drunk. The whole process is repeated over and over through the book. Hemmingway writes in a repetition and simple tone. It all depends on your taste in the style of writing. I personally don't mind because I like Brett Easton Ellis and he has the same style; but with &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; it annoyed me because the novel was too long for it and these characters were too well-developed for that style. This novel deserved more depth and detail to it.<br />One part that I could not stand in the novel was the harshness of the characters towards Robert. Ok understand that I know it's a novel and reflecting the times but this novel just went too overboard. Every time Robert came in, I just wanted to flip past that part of the book. Hemmingway depicts these scenes in a distasteful manner that turned me off and I'm not easily stirred by writing.<br />In the end, I felt let down because no changes happened to the character lives and the conflict never changed. Why go through all the trouble if it's just Much ado about nothing? The novel was good however, in portraying the time period and &quot;the lost generation&quot; of the WW1 generation. That I give Hemmingway credit for. &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; is worth your time and like I said; you'll either hate or love it. Overall I gave it three stars because I neither hated nor loved it.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Eye popping special effects, great cinimatography, and mind-blowing acting make this movie one of the greatest hits of the year. It starts out like a hacking type of film; Neo, played by Keanu Reeves, is sleeping at a cluttered wrap-around desk, listening to his headphones. Suddenly, a message (which you will see in the movie) appears on one of his computer screens. Then he hears a knock at his door, opens it, and decides to &quot;follow the white rabbit&quot;. Throughout the movie, you will see people warp through phones, stick small metal rods into holes in there body and upload things like martial art programs into their brains, and walk up walls.  Mainly, the movie is for computer geeks, hackers, and sci-fi-di-hard movie go-ers. Oh, and there is a lot of action, guns, phones, and obviously, computers.
B000001FDK|4.0|&quot;There Are Worse Things I Could Do&quot; is my favorite part of the film and the soundtrack. Stockard Channing brings so much character into this performance and she steals the film. On a technical level, this is a good sountrack, though the chronological order of the songs is a mess. I simply program the disc to my own preferences. The songs have stood the test of time and sound as vibrant and catchy as ever. This is a film and soundtrack that has grown on me with time, and I seem to enjoy it more each time I see or hear it.
0525945636|4.0|Ken Follett has a knack for building a suspense thriller around historical events, even one which might have been routine.  His latest novel, Code to Zero, is a perfect example.  While the 1958 launch of Explorer I, putting America into space and starting the drive to catch up with and surpass the Soviet's space initiative was historically significant, it is not something a reader would expect to inspire an espionage thriller.  Evidence of Follett's writing skill is that he keeps the suspense level high while we all know the launch was successful.  Code to Zero begins with an apparent bum waking up in the men's toilet at Union Station in Washington, D.C.  He has no memory of who he is or even where he is, much less how he got there.  Someone else in the room guides him toward a shelter for food, and calls him &quot;Luke.&quot;  As he wanders around, however, he discovers that he has skills.  He notices that he is being followed, that he knows how to elude his shadowers, that he knows how to &quot;live off the land&quot; in an urban setting.  He also realizes that he has no cravings for drink or drugs.  Something must be wrong.  Luke's adventures do not have the anxiety dream character that Robert Ludlum provides in his novels.  Luke proceeds logically and makes progress in his quest for identity and explanation.  He finds help along the way, of course.  In this case there is the amazing coincidence of having also in D.C. Luke's former girlfriend who is a specialist in memory loss, and two more of his college friends who served with him in the O.S.S. during World War II.  It still works, aided immensely by Follet's use of flashbacks to develop the characters as we meet them and as their parts in the drama grow.  Code to Zero is good, solid Follett, and a pleasure to read.
B000002OXT|5.0|John Barry's score to OUT OF AFRICA is one of the most skillful and memorable ever written. The themes will play over in your mind. Put this one on and just sit back and relax. Beautiful.
B000050IMG|1.0|I was very disappointed in this movie.  There were only two funny parts and both appeared on the TV teasers for the movie (facial expression of the scream monster).  This is a very poor parody of scream, with a little blair witch and exorcist thrown in.  My simplest analogy would be an extremely tacky Mel Brooks type of film, but without the humor or the characters.  Don't get me wrong, I like tacky, I like tasteless, and I think Mel Brooks and the Airplane/Naked Gun series are all great - but a movie has to have some humor about it.  This one didn't.
B000002LCD|5.0|I have the soundtrack and I love it alot! My favorite songs are &quot;Who's That Girl, Causing a Commotion, Can't Stop &amp; Best Thing Ever!&quot; I just finished writing a review on the Movie which is also GREAT! Okay well people say this Madonna Soundtrack/Album is one of the most worst of all (along with Erotica) but I personly think it's her best! &quot;Who's That Girl&quot; Is a good song it always makes my sing to it! &quot;Causing a Commotion&quot; is an amazing song it has to be my favorite of all her songs! &quot;Can't Stop&quot; I still day to this day that this song should have been a single!! It's funny on the movie when Madonna is driving with the train and dancing to this song! In fact I'm dancing to it right now!(Even though she sings that song!) All three of these songs should have been on &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot; Well last but not least &quot;The Look Of Love&quot; This song also should have been on Madonna's slow song hits &quot;Something To Remember&quot; but then again same problem IT WASN'T!! oh well! But I really recomend you but this and don't listen to those people who say &quot;It's her worst album ever!&quot; because it's not!! If anyone wants to chat to me about the movie my email is Erotica2000@madonnafan.com thanks!
B000009HF2|5.0|It surprizes me how much some older rock music still moves me.  I've probably heard &quot;Do you feel&quot; 3 dozen times - all 15 minutes of it - and it still amazes me.  I feel part of the crowd when I hear it; I feel part of the band at times.  It's pure attitude, pure spirit, pure energy.  It's true; Frampton doesn't blind you with Eddie Van Halen speed, or Johnny Lee Hooker soul, or Prince-y flash.  He just grabs a guitar like it's a woman he's loved his whole life and plays it for all he's worth.  He sounds and looks like he's born to play the instrument; his comfort with a guitar in his hands can be likened to an experienced parent cradling a child he adores.  He may not be the best technician on the instrument, but his power and spirit simply can't be denied - even 25 years later.  It's classic rock lead guitar power, in a live package, played my a journeyman who loves the art, loves the crowds, and joins both with grace and power.  Every rock fan needs to own a copy of &quot;Frampton Comes Alive&quot;; it's an absolute classic from a master of the craft, and arguably the best live album ever made.
6301095294|5.0|This movie is weird, but cool. It barley has a plot, but there is one there. The Beatles acted, and directed, this movie. They did not have alot of experience in movie making, and that's why it turned out so weird. My favorite parts, were the music sequences. I Am The Walrus was my favorite music scene. My second favorite was Your Mother Should Know. And my third favorite, is George Harrison's, Blue Jay Way. Of course, we all know that the worst music sequence was The Fool On The Hill. But this movie is just cool. Although when they are not having the music sequences, the talking parts don't make much sense, you can sort of make out what they're saying. And what they mean by what they're saying. But now I quote, that in order to like and find this film interesting, you have to be a true Beatles fan. If your not a true Beatles fan, I quote again, you will not find this film interesting. But for me, it's awsome! It's one of the best movies I've ever seen! This movie is just plain cool. But just remember, For all you Beatles fans out there. This movie is for you!
B000002ULO|3.0|A good record that would have been better had McCartney hired a real drummer for the sessions. Ringo would have played much better than did Paul, and the songs needed a harder driving drum beat.<br />That said, some very good melodies, and some weak songs. I particularly like &quot;Souvenir,&quot; &quot;Used To Be Bad,&quot; &quot;Heaven On A Sunday,&quot; &quot;Little Willow,&quot; and &quot;Beautiful Night.&quot; I also liked the finale, &quot;Great Day,&quot; with Linda's harmony blending in quite nicely.<br />The biggest clunker is the first tune, &quot;The Song We Were Singing.&quot; Too slow, cumbersome, and tiring. &quot;Somedays&quot; is the same, boring and methodical. <br />Overall, a good listen, but uneven, like most of his solo work. What Paul needs the most, as George Harrison has often said, is someone who will tell him when his material isn't any good. He has enough GOOD songs, but just needs to weed out the bad ones. Lennon used to fill this role while with the Beatles, and visa versa.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|I am a 55 year old man and in all my years Ive have never heard of the &quot;Beatles?&quot;A bunch of British guys trying to Rock n'Roll. I hear that they're suppose to be the best band of all time. Hello! Aaron Carter. Please if you are an anti Beatles person look up Billy Gilman. Now that is a true artist.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Tom Cruise is damn good. And I liked his realistic, dirty fighting style. Can you imagine Roger Moore fighting like that, even as James Bond? I think not.
B000002OX7|5.0|The pinnacle of 70's rock and roll, and arguably the pinnacle of modern rock music, &quot;Who's Next&quot; is a veritable cornucopia of what makes music so vital to the human race. This was the first album to prevalentely use synthesizers and synth tape loops, and it is all the better for it. It doesn't sound dated at all.  Originally conceived by maestro Pete Townshend as a double (or triple) album called &quot;Lifehouse,&quot; at least 5 of the songs here have a sense of connection. This is because &quot;Lifehouse&quot; had a distinct plotline, not unlike The Who's 1969 powerhouse rock opera &quot;Tommy.&quot; &quot;Lifehouse&quot; was a story about how music and humans could become one entity. Rock and roll bands were the true saviors of humanity, and religion was all but thrown out the window. People lived in a grid-like world where they would wear 'experience suits' to simulate real life. A few of &quot;Next&quot;'s song titles bear witness to this plot. &quot;Getting In Tune,&quot; &quot;Song Is Over,&quot; and the unused (but included on the reissue-minus &quot;Join&quot;) &quot;Pure And Easy,&quot; &quot;Too Much Of Anything,&quot; &quot;Join Together,&quot; &quot;Water,&quot; &quot;Naked Eye,&quot; and &quot;I Don't Even Know Myself&quot; are songs concerning this plot. The album's masterpieces, as well as bookends, &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; are also loosely based on the &quot;Lifehouse&quot; storyline. The 1995 reissue of &quot;Next&quot; does a great job of piecing together what would have been part of &quot;Lifehouse.&quot; Tracks 10-16 are all bonus tracks, and all are indispensable.  As far as instrumentation goes, &quot;Next&quot; is utterly fascinating. Roger Daltrey's vocals are loud and passionate, Townshend's guitar is at it's most vocal (only contested by his work on &quot;Quadrophenia&quot;), John Entwistle's bass lines run up and down the fretboard with amazing speed and accuracy, and Keith Moon's drummingis unmatched in rock music (once again contested by his &quot;Quadrophenia&quot; work).  Anyone wishing to have a better sense of what rock was in the late 60's and early to mid 70's must own &quot;Who's Next.&quot;
B00004R99T|3.0|Well it certainly doesn't live up to the first Pocahontas but it wasn't horrible. The animation could have been better and it certainly could have been longer but I think any Pocahontas fan should certainly rent Pocahontas II at least.
B000002UAI|5.0|This is not the best Beatle album at all. Even the sound quality plays against it: it is a mono CD, while a stereo version was mixed at the time of releasing (end of 1964). But, with the highest level of possible objectivity, this isn't an album to reject. Of course, there were better moments on the Fab Four's history, but this CD, even with its low points and fillers, is a treasure in the popular music, and, like all the other Beatle albums, a good sampler of the moment they were living on.<br />The tired faces that The Beatles showed on the photography used as the cover of this album and CD (one of the best photographies of the Beatle discography, maybe together with the one from &quot;With The Beatles&quot;), showed a band that was tired of touring, and maybe tired of the eye that the world kept around them. That, and the lack of time they had to record, after a tour and the huge success of the &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; movie and album the same year, may have played against its quality. But it still has great musical moments, underrated and unknown by many people who believe blindly all what the critics say.<br />Words of love fill this album, as they did with all the first albums made by The Beatles. But, as they were always ahead of their time, they were beginning to talk not only about the 'good side' of love, where everything is beautiful and life is an everlasting spring. John Lennon, in particular, dominates this album with his amazingly depressive lyrics. &quot;I'm A Loser&quot;, (the best on this CD, in my opinion), being an autobiographical song or not, shows John, covered by a country sound (the trade-mark of &quot;Beatles For Sale&quot; is that sound) delivered by his harmonica and George's lead guitar, not as the happy man he used to be previously, but as someone who has lost happiness in life because of a bad love, and even ahead of that, someone who pretends to be happy and smile while his inner world is being distroyed by the events in his life (&quot;although I laugh and I act like a clown/beneath this mask I am wearing a frown&quot;). The same spirit, on the first &quot;confessional&quot; songs made by the band is present on another country-ish Lennon tune: &quot;I Don't Want To Spoil The Party&quot;. Even the weird story behind &quot;Baby's In Black&quot; (a woman that dresses in black because of a love she lost, although &quot;he'll never come back&quot;) and the always pleasant Paul McCartney ballad (this time being the beautiful &quot;I'll Follow The Sun&quot;) show lyrical improvements and the first studio experiments introduced to the sound of the fab-four songs. <br />On the other hand, there are the attempts to write singles: &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot; (a North-American #1, and the only song coming from this album to appear on the &quot;1962-1966&quot; and &quot;1&quot; compilations) is one of the weakest tracks The Beatles ever made because of its lyrics; although it also has good sound (specially the intro and outro by George's guitar). &quot;No Reply&quot; is a fine story made by John Lennon (someone said it was the first complete one he wrote), and beautifully arranged so it's a nice tune to listen to. &quot;Every Little Thing&quot; is notable because of Ringo's timbal, but its musical arrangements also made it worth listening, and &quot;What You're Doing&quot; is a McCartney throw-away (he said that!) and no more than a filler. <br />So there are high and low points in their own compositions, but nothing is completely rejectable. The covers are similar, being Buddy Holly's &quot;Words Of Love&quot; the best-arranged one, a lovely ballad with three-part harmonies and an excellent guitar work by George Harrison and John Lennon. Other covers to put attention to are Chuck Berry's &quot;Rock And Roll Music&quot;, sung by the screaming John Lennon and accompanied by a piano played at the same time by John, Paul and George Martin; &quot;Kansas City/Hey!Hey!Hey!Hey!&quot;, a McCartney's favourite, and a good way to show his screaming side; and Carl Perkins' &quot;Everybody's Trying To Be My Baby&quot;, perfectly sung by George and arranged to his personality! The other two covers are Carl Perkins' &quot;Honey Don't&quot; (Ringo's vocal outing on this one) and &quot;Mr.Moonlight&quot; (another John's screaming lead vocal). &quot;I Feel Fine&quot; and &quot;She's A Woman&quot;, two high-quality tracks, were released at the same time as a single, and now form part of the &quot;Past Masters Vol.1&quot; CD. <br />Words of love, rock and roll music, country sounds and musical/technnical innovations are what you can find on this album. It's a must-have if you are a big Beatles fan, but if you're just starting, try another one first (&quot;Help!&quot; or &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; are from the same era). Then you will comprehend that the low points of this album are not so low, and the highest points are very high. &quot;Beatles For Sale&quot; was part of an evolution The Beatles were beginning to live, and so it's important to see it that way, enjoying the sound experiments and the lyrical improvements. They still have some words of love to give, but some things were about to change. And they prove it here with their own evolution: before, they were a band that made #1 singles. Now, they were beginning to be the band that made the greatest albums of all time. Enjoy that change.
0446672653|5.0|Wonderful book for the secret of human reincarnation.  Reveling the Buddha's truely teaching of universal continuity; Cause and effect. Love is the only Energy for traveling from life to life, you may not knowing me now... But infact, we are deeply connecting to each other. <br />It is an excellet book which really touches my heart. You have no idea who you were and where you at, but there alway a hidden story behind long forgetton history, which even you couldn't even remember.  <br />Be open minded, you will find it interesting .
B00004Z459|4.0|Linkin Park have broken through wall of the modern music world, where it seems that everything has been done, and a fresh new sound is hard to come by.  By making electronic beats and samples the core part of the verse percussion on the majority of songs, and having a &quot;vocalist&quot; and also and &quot;emcee&quot; to spread out the lyrical ranges of the album, this is indeed a breath of fresh air. Add to that a skilled DJ (Most DJs for modern rock bands suck i.e. Hed P.E.)<br />But, to be fair, I am also going to look at the negatives.  Many of the songs sound very alike, some almost identical. The choruses are composed mainly of lead vocalist Chester Bennington SCREAMING into the mic. The &quot;bridges&quot;, if you could call them that, are composed mainly of 2 or 3 words repeated over and over again. Guitar and turntable solos are almost nonexistent. (Except &quot;Cure for the Itch&quot;, a creative turntable and synth insturmental) Also, the lyrical material is dull and repetitive. Almost all lyrics center around the pain of the lead singer, and raps are the cheesiest of cheesy machismo ranting. <br />Still, this is defiently something to pay attention to.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I own this CD and I think it is wonderful. Full of power, energy, perfect for dancing and dreaming. Songs are very good and different. Jennifer Lopez did great job recoding this CD! You should buy it!
0525945636|2.0|\\"The Eye Of The Needle\\" by Ken Follett was the first book I ever read in this genre. It remains to the present one of the best of the entries in the category it occupies. It was damaged by a movie, but many books share the same fate. Unfortunately, for me at least, subsequent books never reached the level of the mentioned novel, and Mr. Follett chose to explore other subjects and I stopped reading his work. When I read of the release of, \\"Code To Zero\\", I thought he had returned to his earlier subject matter and style. \\"Pillars Of The Earth\\", and other works were very good, but not the type of work that introduced me to him as a writer.<br />Little issues when they multiply are annoying, when combined with a story that lacks originality, has characters that are a bit on the shallow side, and ridiculous coincidence is the order of the day, the book became a disappointment.<br />Luke Lucas is the star of the show. I understand that not everyone has read or even cares about Star Wars, but for those who are familiar, this name was one of the sillier contrivances for a name I have read. So when this name appears laughter ensues. When Luke is trying to regain his memory he reaches a point of discovery and declares, (I'm not kidding), \\"I'm a rocket scientist\\"! And the clich&eacute;s keep on coming.<br />Imagine that you entire memory is gone, even to the point that you have forgotten this book. What would be a plausible period of time to regain any clue as to who you were? Virtually any length you would suggest is more believable than this storyline. Probably the weakest aspect was the Author's decision to just introduce his cast, and then pick them up, fast forward a few years, and place them all down in circumstances that are less likely than winning the lottery, twice. Members of this group who serve time in the military and describe their first lethal event recall events so similar, you will wonder if you read incorrectly, you are reading a clue, when all it is, is laziness.<br />I had very high hopes for this work as Mr. Follett has written some wonderful novels. This book is many things but wonderful it is not. No Author writes a brilliant book every time out, and this is such an example. If you choose to pass on this, you will have missed little.<br />I had very high hopes for this work as Mr. Follett has written some wonderful novels. This book is many things but wonderful it is not. No Author writes a brilliant book every time out, and this is such an example. If you choose to pass on this, you will have missed little.
0060930349|4.0|Like other reviewers here, I was inadequately forwarned by the hints on the dust jacket, about Johnson's downright quirky--even reactionary--take on recent American history. The chapters before the 20th century, however, provide powerful perspective and sweep. Johnson has written a massive and very readable book about American history up to the Roaring 20's, with a wealth of lively stories about the fabric of American life.<br />     But then comes the 20th century, with some astonishing historical interpretations by the author. To name a few, Professor Johnson finds Coolidge and Hoover to be among our finest presidents, while he can scarcely conceal his contempt for FDR. Truman was decent enough; how in the world did he ever come to be a Democrat? Kennedy and Johnson were mountebanks, and Carter a pathetic blunderer, while Nixon and Reagan were shining principled leaders, tragically misunderstood by liberal snipers. President Bush (the first) was an underappreciated footnote. Most recently, Clinton's administration should be remembered mainly for its \\"corruption\\" in Johnsons' view, a view which in this case is adumbrated by very little historical detail.<br />    Despite the plainly political slant, I found an awful lot to like in the book, and plenty to be amused by.  The book is a wellspring of anecdotes. It triggered many lively conversations among my friends--just as it apparently has among my fellow reviewers.  Overall, this book is worth reading, if only to give your jaw-dropping muscles some exercise.
B0000025T6|5.0|The honesty of Nebraska still stuns me after hundreds of listenings. Indeed, this is a work of rare perfection.
0141301139|5.0|Like The Twits,this book was great.I loved it a lot,though I finished it in 40 or 50 minutes.<br />Pros:Very entertaining book Roald Dahl made it very unpoorly.<br />Cons:Very short Has a little cruelty to foxes in it.Such as these three farmers,Boggis,Bunce,and Bean shooting Mr.Fox.He bled in the tail.  Other than those,this is a great book.I do hope you will find my review helpful.
B00004T37H|4.0|This has to be one of the better anime movies I've seen. Even though the PG-13 rating is a tad of a understatement, (There's quite a bit of gore in this movie, but very little cursing) so pay attention to the rating, it speaks the truth. Also I did see a lot of comparisions to one of the creators (I can't recall his name at the moment...) other animes, &quot;Valley Of The Wind&quot; based of the &quot;Nausicaa&quot; mangas if I'm not mistaken (It's been a long time since I've seen that movie) but still this is a great movie. I'm not saying you'll like it, but give it a chance, you might be surprised. <br />P.S.I liked &quot;Valley Of The Wind&quot; better.
B00004XONN|5.0|With each succeeding album Radiohead seemed to get closer and closer to jumping off that proverbial cliff, or leaving this planet even. They were still on Earth when Pablo Honey came out, and starting drifting when The Bends arrived. Jonny Greenwood's guitar noise and keyboards set the tone along with Thom Yorke's voice on that one. It was the warning of what lies ahead sonically. OK Computer told me that that lingering &quot;noise&quot; was heading our direction at full speed ahead like an oncoming train, with no sign of stopping, even at the edge of that cliff. Kid A......they are off that cliff, the noise has subsided, and hit the quiet aftermath of it all. The world has blown up and this is what is left. And the album has stuck with me. Radiohead is due with a new one this spring, I wonder, where can they go now? I'm sure they won't disappoint me.....
B000002UVX|4.0|This album hints at a new direction for Hendrix with a more R&amp;B inflected sound(harking back to his roots). While its certainly not his best and i wouldn't term at it as great(for a Hendrix album), it contains 2 absolute masterpieces in &quot;Machine Gun&quot; and &quot;Who Knows&quot;; the latter paving the way for 70's funk rock- via Funkadelic and the other lesser lights.
630024797X|4.0|Considered by many as director Wim Wender's masterpiece, and certainly his most commercial film to date, with screenplay by playwright Sam Shepard, and memorable slide guitar music by Ry Cooder. There are suggestions of Shepard's Fool for Love here, another tale of a love torn couple. This time around the crisis has turned Harry Dean Stanton into a mute desert walker, found by his brother Dean Stockwell. I got a laugh at how a billboard of Barbra Streisand's face in Yentl is used as iconigraphically as the opening aerial view of the barren Texan landscape. Stockwell plays the brother with such tenderness that it's no surprise that soon Stanton drops his obsessive/compulsive behaviour and reaches out to his abandoned son, performed with genius by Hunter Carson. The Super8 screening with flashbacks to the good ole days is a mistake, since it spoils the seductive mystery, and any good playwright knows to hold off on explainations until the third act. I loved Wenders use of red in the colour scheme, and Robby Muller's photography captures a storm in all it's threatening beauty. The title is perhaps Shepard at his most oblique, but everything is forgiven when Wenders stages a peepshow reunion, with a two way mirror and telephones. Nastassja Kinski's long take close-up in reaction to Stanton talking is pure cinema, even with her occasional Texan twang.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|An excellent story about a few U.S. naval men who attempt to seize a German communications device on board a German sub. While aboard the German sub, complications arise and the crew must flee under Lt. Andy Tyler (Matthew McConuahey) who was recently denied command of his own sub. Andy is forced to take command of the German sub after his superior (Bill Paxton) is left behind in order to carry out the mission objective. Assuming his first command, Andy must earn the respect of his crew and prove that he can lead them to victory - more importantly, survival. With several men down, the skeleton crew begins to believe in Andy and proudly execute his orders as the Germans try to sniff them out from above with depth charges. <br />McConuahey does a superb job playing a young Lieutenant who must fill the shoes of his late commander.<br />  An exciting story of submarine warfare and military tactics.
B00003CXDG|2.0|John Woo's \\"Mission: Impossible 2\\" represents much that is wrong with commercial moviemaking today.  Though proficient on the levels of technical expertise, visual design and state-of-the-art special effects, the film emerges as little more than a multimillion dollar exercise in cold efficiency, devoid of humor, suspense and, above all, heart.  Thus, while countless superior films - films that attempt to make some connection with the reality of the human condition - languish at the box office, \\"Mission: Impossible 2\\" and other films if its ilk play to packed movie houses.  Do people really enjoy this film, or are they just suckered into believing that any film that is sold as an \\"event\\" picture - particularly one that stars the ubiquitous Tom Cruise - must by its nature be worth the price of admission?<br />\\"Mission: Impossible 2\\" features an opening credit sequence that proves that just because something \\"can\\" be done doesn't necessarily mean that it \\"should\\" be done - a warning filmmakers should heed now that, with computer graphics, virtually every situation imaginable has become possible to visualize convincingly.  We are reintroduced to Cruise's spy character as he is climbing up the face of a sheer cliff sans ropes or cables.  Although the shot looks absolutely convincing from a technical standpoint, we simply cannot believe that anyone in his right mind would be doing what he is doing - or even if those actions are themselves within the realm of physical possibility.  From its opening note then, \\"MI 2\\" informs us that it is not concerned in any way with making everything we see believable and involving.  As a result, we tune out, detaching ourselves from the events on the screen, becoming disinterested bystanders of a trite espionage scenario that, for all its visual finesse, is strangely lacking in creativity and passion.<br />The first \\"Mission: Impossible\\" film, made in 1996, may have been a monument to incoherence, but at least it half redeemed itself by offering two spectacular and unforgettable action set pieces - Cruise's dangling marionette act and a mano-a-mano fight atop a roaring, supersonic train.  The sequel offers no such action scene equivalents.  The car chase early in the film between Cruise and the sexy thief he is pursuing is a yawn-inducing bore compared to the ones in the exciting \\"Ronin\\" from a few years back.  The shootouts are equally undistinguished, far below par for a Woo film.<br />Like many films that rely so heavily on special effects and action sequences, \\"MI 2\\" never exerts the slightest effort to flesh out its many characters.  One would expect that a writer with the talent and track record of Robert Towne (he wrote \\"Chinatown\\" for heavens sake) would at least be able to provide some character dimension even within the tight confines of the action genre.  Unfortunately, all the characters emerge as cardboard cutout figures, substituting coolness and slickness for personality and depth.  Cruise and Thandie Newton generate zero chemistry in the romance department, and John Polson seems woefully inadequate as the film's main villain.<br />If you must check \\"MI2\\" out, by all means do.  Just know that there are a lot more interesting, much less heralded films out there more worthy of your time and attention.offering two spectacular and unforgettable action set pieces - Cruise's dangling marionette act and a mano-a-mano fight atop a roaring, supersonic train.  The sequel offers no such action scene equivalents.  The car chase early in the film between Cruise and the sexy thief he is pursuing is a yawn-inducing bore compared to the ones in the exciting \\"Ronin\\" from a few years back.   The shootouts are equally undistinguished, far below par for a Woo film.  <br />Like many films that rely so heavily on special effects and action sequences, \\"MI 2\\" never exerts the slightest effort to flesh out its many characters.  One would expect that a writer with the talent and track record of Robert Towne (he wrote \\"Chinatown\\" for heavens sake) would at least be able to provide some character dimension even within the tight confines of the action genre.  Unfortunately, all the characters emerge as cardboard cutout figures, substituting coolness and slickness for personality and depth.  Cruise and Thandie Newton generate zero chemistry in the romance department, and John Polson seems woefully inadequate as the film's main villain.  <br />If you must check \\"MI2\\" out, by all means do.  Just know that there are a lot more interesting, much less heralded films out there more worthy of your time and attention.
0671027344|5.0|I loved this book. I loved it for it's honest and realisticportrayal of teenage angst, and coming of age. I loved the way authorStephen Chbosky created a devise for his protagonist to tell hisstory. And I loved Charlie. His compassion, his confusion, his humor,his longing and his love. I'm disappointed the book has beenclassified as &quot;Young Adult&quot;. I'm thirty three years old, andfound the characters and situations as identifiable as any characterclose to my own age if not more so. If the film rights to this haven'tbeen snapped up yet, someone ought to do their Producer boss afavor. If you were one of the fans of tv's &quot;Freaks &amp;Geeks&quot; or enjoyed the movie, &quot;Almost Famous&quot;, you'dprobably connect with this book the way so many people are. This isone to pass on to your friends.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Why should you buy this DVD? If you've seen Terminator 2 you haven't seen it until you've see it this way, and if you haven't seen it then I recommend this to you even more. There is so much material stuffed into this DVD that I couldn't even begin to list it (it would take too long). It takes a two sided disc just to hold it all. All I can say is that Cameron and/or whoever else thought this thing up outdid themselves. This is quite possibly the best DVD I have found so far. With all due respect it should be selling for alot more than it is. The extensive menu system is setup as if you were in Skynet. On side one,where the movie(s) are, you start out in an Endoskeleton factory. On side two, which holds the extra goodies, you can descend into the very core of Skynet itself. For film buffs, there is a &quot;mini-class&quot; set up in the data core portion. It takes you through the many phases of the feature filmmaking process for T2. It starts with Camerons account of frantically writing the script and ends with marketing and publicity. VERY informative. Make sure to check out all three documentaries and the japanese trailers while exploring the extras. For those interested in more substantial goodies there is a secret code that you can enter one the first side to access a THIRD version of the movie. (look for roman numerals) The extra scenes in both alternate versions were a pleasant suprise. My jaw dropped when I saw the scene with Reese. To me this movie not only set the milestone for current action/scfi movies, it pounded it in with brutal unhuman force. It was well made, well written, well cast, and very replayable, which is more than I can say for most hollywood films.
B00004T8RK|5.0|This is an amazing album by pearl jam. They not only have the fast and ferious songs that we all love, but they have the mellow mix in this cd to even it out. Great songs like God's Dice, Evacuation, Breakerfall, Grievance, just to name a few. This is a great pearl jam album that has not been given the credit it diserves.
B00003CXE7|4.0|The DVD is great. Full featured, nice add ons, very good image and sound quality. I just expected more from the movie. I believe director Ridley Scott faced a dilemma between making the movie an epic/historical film or the history of a man's revenge. It's more tuned to the second, which I prefer, but he could have gone deeper on it. Anyway, a very nice piece no one who loves cinema can miss.
B000003N7K|5.0|you can't go wrong here.John Coltrane&amp;Johnny Hartman are a match made In musical journeys.great arrangements&amp;feeling that will blow you away.after hearing this album you will wanna try&amp;find outtakes&amp;boots for other recordings of these two together.this is a Album that upon listen you won't move yourself away from too easily.a true classic in every sense of the word.Musical Chemistry is truly hard to appreciate nowadays but you can't go wrong here.
6301963911|2.0|What was it with the years 1967 and 1977?  Two of the supposed &quot;brilliant&quot; films of that time were very mediocre.  I'm talking about, of course, Annie Hall and The Graduate.  They were very similar, in as much as both were about two completely self-centered, dull people and whether or not they would get together.  But where The Graduate had Anne Bancroft to add some value to the film, Annie Hall has only a few sparse slightly clever scenes.  The flashback scene to Woody's childhood, with an adult Woody and Diane watching comes to mind.  But, by the time I got through this 2+ hour snoozer, anything mildly amusing was a far distant memory.  In my opinion, Woody's humor only works well in light comedies.  Play It Again Sam, Manhattan Murder Mystery, and, most recently, Small Time Crooks were A+ entertainment.  Anytime Woody does drama, he just seems extremely annoying.  Maybe I just haven't seen the correct Allen drama yet.  But after this Annie Hall disaster, I doubt I'll try another one.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Probably the best new DVD release this year, I absolutely could not wait to see the film again.  Then I began to review all of the special features and was even further bedazzled.  Ridley Scott's insightful and brilliant commentary, combined with a fabulous score and stunning visuals make for a truly epic home theater experience.  Other special features, such as the deleted scenes and &quot;treasure chest&quot; further enhance the experience.  Hours upon hours of material will put any Gladiator fan in absolute movie heaven.
B00003CX8J|4.0|When watching a movie like this, I am compelled to look at it as a movie on its own and by comparison to other 'superhero' movies. It has some very good scenes, decent acting and nice special effects. I liked Wolverine best of all and Patrick Stewart is, as always, excellent. The first part sets up what should be a very powerful and exciting finale, but it never comes. The Statue of Liberty scene proved to be the summation of this film, which is unfortunate. It doesnt deliver the goods. In a movie like Superman, the first one, the finale involved one great action scene after another, which tremendous visuals that mostly stand up to this day. The last 40 minutes of that movie are pure non-stop, which is what X-Men needed. We had all these off the wall mutants and we were headed for a showdown, but all we got was a boring fight. And yes, the fighting in this movie was not that great. Watch Batman and see how a good hand to hand fighting is done. Actually, I give this movie 3 and a half stars. For sure, its a wildly overrated movie. A good rental, though.
B00004S6GL|4.0|Elliot Smith is an exciting artist to watch.  He has been gifted with a magical vioce that can be both heart achingly beautiful and incredibly sad at the same time.  Figure 8 is his seconed album on the Dreamworks lable and once again has more of a produced sound than previous work.  In a way this leaves one wishing for the days when it was simply him, a guitar, and a four track recorder, but does manage to replaces it with a fuller more layered quality and keeps from leaving the fowl taste in your mouth that XO did.  Some may even begin to prefure this new sound, I myself was one over after hearing Because on the American Beauty soundtrack.  The many layers of his vioce alone reach new hights with studio editing.  One gets the sense that Smith has found a new box of toys in the studio and yet still appreciates the bare bones sound of his earlier work.  Also on this album a funny thing has happened, it seems that Smith has fallen in love with trikes titled Pretty Mary K and Everything Reminds Me of Her.  This reveals a new almost playful side to the artist, one that is fun to explore.  Truely Smith has continued to grow on this album and shows no signs of stopping.  A great buy and a nice introduction to the world of Elliot Smith.
0790749815|5.0|The plot, only, is worth the price. The casting, direction, restoration, extras et all make this DVD an invaluable masterpiece. Like Hitchcock, a good plot, nice acting? Order yours. One of the trailers, featuring Hitchcock selling you a vacation plan, is gorgeous.
B000002KB8|4.0|I gave this a not very good review eariler, but this album has hugely grown on me since then. Yes, some of the lyrics are pretty weak, and yes, I still have no idea why &quot;wall of sleep&quot; and &quot;NIB&quot; are on the same track, but there are a lot of good things about this album. For once, you can actually hear Geezer's bassline in every song. And even the songs that have subpar lyrics are still really good songs. I'm somewhat a lyric person, but not so much that I can't just tune them out and think &quot;wow, this sounds really good&quot;, instead of &quot;wait, did he just say 'funny clothes, tinkling bell'?&quot;, or &quot;What made Ozzy think that 'easy' and 'diseases' actually rhymed?&quot;. And I don't know what I was thinking complaining about the medleys. As I mentioned, &quot;Wall Of Sleep&quot; and &quot;NIB&quot; seem to have nothing to do with each other, but &quot;A Bit Of Finger/Sleeping Villiage/Warning&quot; is actually really cohesive, and I've grown to like it a lot. I love the way it keeps jumping from classic guitar to metal to jazz to blues, it shows their versatility and sums up all of their influences in one really long song.
0767819594|5.0|this movie was good but what the heck came to when the ending came up. ryan philepee dies big fricking deal.  wheres the nc17 rating also.
B00004XOWN|5.0|I have recieved this CD as a early Christmas present and I listened to it and it is the best CD Limp Bizkit ever put out. The best song is Rolln' (Urban Assault Vehicle) with Xzibit, Redman, Methodman, and DMX. This CD is the best. If you are a fan of rock or rap you will love this CD.
B000050FEN|5.0|The only sin one can committ is if you do not buy this movie.  It is a modern classic that gives us thrills and chills through the entire 127 minutes.  Never once do you sit there bored to death because the story is moving too slow.  The movie follows Detective Mills (Brad Pitt) and Detective Somerset (Morgan Freeman).  Somerset is retiring and Mills is taking his place.  That is before a serial killer going by the name of John Doe (Kevin Spacey) strikes and begins his masterpiece of murders using the seven deadly sins.  I would have to say that this is one of the best movies ever made.  David Fincher continues his absolutely brilliant directing career as well.  This DVD offers some of the best extras ever.  With multiple commentaries with the actors, director, producer, sound.  Also included are quite a few deleted scenes that add to the background of the story, plus two deleted endings to boot.  If you get the chance, I highly recommend you to pick this disturbing film up.
B00004TRD8|5.0|In my opinion, this a rare case where the second film is better than the original. Everybody is much more mature. Maybe some don't agree with this. Never mind. This edition really impressed me. I have some real quality DVDs, but this one made a difference on  my 29&quot; Sony. Really. I don't know what they've done, but the transfer to digital is the best I've ever seen. A full featured DVD with the very best image and sound quality one can expect. If you like to see quality on your screen, this title is a must buy. It'll push your digital quality standards to a new level.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I usually listen to hard rock like Korn and limp Bizkit, but i liked the somg minority so i decided to buy the cd.  I love every song on this cd and i listen to it every day. Go buy the CD
B000000WJZ|5.0|anyone who does not like this album is stupid.  this is top 5 BEST ROCK ALBUMS OF ALL TIME.  if your a pumpkins fan new or old this is a must.  from the opening drum roll of CHERUB ROCK to the serious melodic chorus of ROCKET to the mother of all riffs in GEEK U.S.A.  billy corgan is one hell of a guitar player and producer and jimmy chamberlain is such a magnificent drummer..powerful yet tasteful.  <br />drop me a line:milkboydanny@hotmail.com
B000000WA4|5.0|(cheesy title, but you get the idea) This is the landmark album of the 90's. The Smashing Pumpkins have to be 1 of the greatest bands of our time! Billy Corgan's unique voice, and feeling; D'arcy's dramatic lull's; James' carrying back-up; Jimmy's perfect, on time, and strong, back-beats. The combination of all these make the Pumpkins a fantastic band to begin with. This album in itself is a masterpiece. No other album this decade will ever come close. If you like music, at all, you'll love this. Buy it ASAP! (this and every other Pumpkins album!)
B00003CXDG|5.0|The best so far of the Mission Impossible Series. Excellent work by John Woo.
0790751216|4.0|Pale Rider is a nice, eerie western.  It is almost the opposite of Eastwood's masterpeice, &quot;High Plains Drifter.&quot;  Eastwood plays The Preacher, a ghosly, um, well... ghost, that appears out of nowhere to help a town under attack by a corrupt mining tycoon's henchmen.  He, oddly, becomes adored by the women of the town(unlike in High Plains Drifter, in which he was despised).  He is actually more ghostly than in &quot;Drifter,&quot; being there one second, and when you turn your back for a second, dissapearing.   Eastwood delivers his normal, quiet, squinting appearance.  However, it seems like the bad guys have nothing better to do than look out the window all day, and the main villain walks right up to Eastwood in the final battle, as if he WANTS to be shot.  You keep wanting to say &quot;WHY DIDN'T YOU SHOOT HIM?&quot;   Pale Rider is a fun western, and quite enjoyable.
0783240503|3.0|I am glad I read the review posted here before I decided to just give my daughter the tape. I watched the video first. I refer to the scene between Joseph and Mrs. Potiphar. There is another scene in the movie that I consider &quot;costume&quot; racy. This is not a family film. My children would know that this is not the norm. The female costume attire that was in the Mrs. Potiphar scene and the other; quite revolting. Strategically placed glitter on nude fabric or pasties on nude material. The scene itself was provocative and lasted longer than just a few quick seconds... This to me spoiled an otherwise fabulous movie. Wonderful vocals, costuming was great - otherwise, acting was great, not many props but those used were good. Also on the video as mentioned on the DVD reviews, Joan is displayed with an all black dress on the back cover. This is not the case in her scene as anyone who watches will see. Maybe I should have given this movie four stars, but I was disappointed to see a &quot;family film&quot; with costuming and a provocative scene such as this. At this point, I do not yet know that I will give it to my daughter for Christmas. I have older children and they will pick up on the ... innuendo. Though I was quite taken with the video overall, I don't know that it will hold the attention of a five year old for that long. I liked the way the film gave a modern interpretation to a classic Bible story. Also, the &quot;trailer&quot; into the video is long and has a racy video advertisement...
B00000JPH5|5.0|All I can add to the allready sufficient reviews is this: If you haven't seen &quot;Labyrinth&quot; or &quot;The Dark Crystal&quot;, what are you waiting for? Even if you don't like the Muppets, if you want a great way to spend three hours, I could not reccomend anything better. And bring the kids, too :)
B00000IL1K|5.0|I don't understand her language. but I love her songs. It is best music.
B00000K19E|5.0|when  i  first  rented  this  movie  with  my  dad,  i  was  about  8.  i  covered  my  eyes  through  the  parts  with  the  bug  and  taking  out  the  bug  because  my  dad  said  i  wouldn't  like  them.  i  was  trying  to  ignore  it,  but  i  couldn't.  the  fight  scenes  in  this  movie  are  cool.  i  saw  it  again  with  a  friend  and  watched  the  bug  part  and  it  isn't  sick.  this  movie  is  really  good.  people  say  that  it  has  a  bad  plot  but  that's  not  true.  i've  seen  it  about  5  times  and  i'm  not  sick  of  it.  it  is  one  of  my  favorite  movies.  for  an  R  movie,  it  isn't  to  scary.  i  can't  wait  for  2  and  3.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This was the best Japanese movie I have ever seen.  There are some violent parts but they are well done and don't last that long.  The animation was great and the translation was better than any of the others I've seen.  The movie's plot stays focused and all of the characters add to it.  Everyone that I have talked to has liked just as much as me.  I hope that this was helpful to you and enjoy the movie!=)
B00000IAU3|5.0|I don't do reviews very often but this CD was absolutely amazing. Dido's lyrics are strong and beatiful, and you can really relate to them. Her music is flowing and very nice to listen to. I very strongly recommend it.
B00004YC2F|5.0|What really stands out in this recording is the pianist's concern for the work's underlying structure which is revealed in a way I have never experienced before. True, there are inumerable dazzling moments, prodigious feats of presti-digitation and beautifully caressed phrases, but somehow all these felicities are united to form a marvellous organic whole that leaves no room for argument. The transcription is simply exquisite. Volodos wisely steers clear of the beaten track with the additional pieces - the closing etude tableau demonstrates just how violent, powerful and twisted Rachmaninoff's music can be.
B0000508U6|5.0|This album is truly unique.  The instrumental aspect of the music is beautifully mastered, and yet strangely simple.  Adding to this is the distinct voice of Chris Martin.  You will instantly fall in love with his voice and the lyrics.  My favorite songs are Yellow (of course), Sparks, Don't Panic, and Everthing's Not Lost.  This is not an album where you have to skip tracks to listen to something decent.  Then entire thing is great and you can play the whole album through without skipping tracks.  Coldplay is definitely one of the best new bands to hit the US.
0782008372|1.0|I love the movie; that's why I bought it, but the sound is absolutely horrible. It gets in the way of enjoying the film so much that I've never viewed the dvd again. The sound goes from inaudible conversation to loud screeching effects. I can't emphasize enough how frustrating and horrible this dvd is.
6304056958|5.0|It's still somewhat astonishing to remember that THE WOMEN was actually written by a woman, since it must be one of the most misogynistic movies ever made: though not a single man appears anywhere in the film, all the women characters do is obsess about them both in terms of the two things they can bring them (sex and money). But that aside, this movie is an awful lot of fun: it featured an almost who's who among all the best actresses on the M-G-M lot, and most of them are having a grand old time. True, there's not much fun to be had with Norma Shearer's archly noble Mary Haines, but Joan Crawford, Paulette Goddard, and particularly Rosalind Russell seem to be having the time of their lives with their over-the-top roles. Even little Virginia Weidler manages to camp it up in the great bathtub scene she has with Crawford (&quot;And another thing, Crystal... this bathroom is perfectly ridiculous!&quot;). The film is also endlessly quotable even down to the most throwaway lines (one of my favorites: Olga the manicurist greeting Mary by saying, &quot;Reading a novel, huh? How *do* those writers ever dream up those plots?&quot;).<br />Best of all, everyone is gussied up in the most sublime Adrian gowns imaginable--the film even reaches its one moment of actual sublimity at the end of the famous all-color fashion show sequence, when the soigne mannequins stalk off the whirling giant test-tube rack (don't ask) while enormous chords thunder on the soundtrack. Truly a mixture of terror and awe!
6304106017|4.0|I really like From Dusk Till Dawn.  Quite a bit.  Even as aTarentino and Roderiguez fan, I honsetly expected this movie to stink.  It was not at all what I was expecting (the first half of it is more of a &quot;road trip&quot; type movie, concentrating more on the characters of Clooney and Tarentino, and the last half devoted to the battle against the vampires) and I think I thus enjoyed it more.  It mixes the incredible dialouge style and humour of Tarentino with the intense and fluid action style of Roderiguez.  Its frightening, and funny, and has that &quot;Woah!&quot; factor in it.  Expect to laugh, scream, and just be all around entertained by thi killer movie
B00004X0Q0|5.0|The Relationship of Command is a rock record. It's as simple as that: raw guitar rock with distressed vocals and crushing choruses; just gutteral rock n' roll. Although it sounds like Fugazi and Rage Against The Machine colliding with Iggy And The Stooges and MC5, the record is more pop than not, and should appeal to MTV viewers sometime soon. Vaya and In/Casino/Out were really good albums, I just think Relationship was a huge step forward. Nothing is left out of this record; you have joy, darkness, sadness, anger, and just pure emotion seeping out of all the corners. Tracks like One Armed Scissor, Enfilade,  Ivalid, Litter Dept., and Rolodex Propaganda are awesome new songs that need listening, and the curious openings to many of the tracks draw the listener in. Guitar rock has been needing something refreshing for quite some time: the refreshments have arrived.
6304244304|1.0|This was one of the worst films I have ever seen...It would be a gift to give this film even one star...This film was absolutely horrible...please DO NOT make the mistake of renting out this film or purchasing this film...It would be a total mistake...This is not one of those films that should be added to your video/DVD collection...
B000002BYD|3.0|Pearl Jam has produced many great songs during their career, but perhaps none so good as &quot;Wishlist,&quot; a wistful lovesong with  perfect balance and melody.  It is the centerpiece of &quot;Yield,&quot; and should have yielded a better album.  Nevertheless, the band insisted upon surrounding it with their usual collection of wildly unven songs.  At their best, Pearl Jam are the finest rock songwriters around.  At their worst, they engage in tuneless grungy noodling that their ardent fans eat up but that more casual listeners will find nothing but annoying.  &quot;Yeild&quot; is yet another up and down album of wasted potential from America's most frustrating rock band.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I laughed out loud during the entire movie and have placed this movie on my list of all time favorites (others include Made in Heaven, My Blue Heaven, guess I got a haven thing going on here). <br />Anyway, having seen ST first run as well as every episode of TNG, DS9, Voyager, B-5, Lost in Space (first run), almost all space opera movies, and the one season of &quot;It's about time&quot; (Mel Brooks produced  astronauts lost in stone age lasted one season about 1964).  Plus, having read 1000's of SF books (and I'm a female) including Jerry Pournelle's ode to fandom &quot;fallen angels&quot; lets say that I was pretty well versed in the conventions of the genre.  <br />I can truly say that Galaxy Quest was funny, exciting, a great parody and satire.  The effects were top-notch as was the acting from normally &quot;A&quot; actors.    <br />The end of the movie left me wanting to know what happens next.  Dreamworks could begin its own franchise with careful scripting.  Of course the problem with the next movie is that  the tv actors now know how to operate the ship, so the set-up would have to take that into account.
B0000024YL|5.0|Culling the biggest hits from Simon and Garfunkle's extraordinary late 1960's career, &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; is a perfect dose of their music.  All of their most beloved songs are here, kicking off with the anthemic &quot;Mrs. Robinson&quot; and its Joe DiMagio reference and continuing with classics like &quot;The Boxer,&quot; &quot;America,&quot; &quot;Sounds of Silence,&quot; &quot;Homeward Bound&quot; and &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Water&quot; before concluding with the excellent rocking &quot;Cecillia.&quot;  Many of these songs are among the most well known 60s tunes this side of either The Beatles or The Rolling Stones.  Paul Simon's songwriting has always been one of this county's great artistic treasures, and his tunes never sounded better than when they were accompanied by Art Garfunkle's gorgeous tenor.  A must have for popular music fans.
B00004Y7SF|1.0|I know that I used to have a great respect for Christina. Hey, the girl can sing. But this Christmas CD is the most self-glorifying, insincere and irreverend one I have ever heard. You'd think that, ya know, the girl can sing, she'll hit the high note in Oh Holy Night and it will be all pretty. I reccommend downloading the MP3 first, ladies and gents. It's convoluted, strange and painful to listen to. It starts off with the &quot;ooooo oh yeah&quot;s. It takes a million years for her to sing the first verse because of all the oo-ing. She hits the high note and all is happy. Then comes the strangest rendition of The Lords Prayer. It sounds so insincere and awful with her oo-ing and ah-ing in the background. After that, it's a huge ballad. Then this strange Gospel/Jazz piano  comes in and Christina starts to scream. It sounds like it should be played in Las Vegas or something. She's basically saying &quot;Look at me! I can sing! Oh yeah, Christmas is...good. But I can sing!&quot; DON'T BUY IT
B000002AZ8|3.0|Ardent Pearl Jam fans will not want to hear this, but &quot;Vitalogy&quot; represents yet another follow up to their classic debut album &quot;Ten&quot; that falls far short of the mark that the debut established.  That's unfortunate, because on &quot;Vitalogy&quot; the band records some of the best songs of their career in &quot;Nothingman,&quot; &quot;Cordoroy,&quot; &quot;Not for You&quot; and &quot;Better Man.&quot;  These four and two or three other second tier songs could have made for at great record were they not surrounded by inexplicable crap like &quot;Hey Foxymophandlemama, That's Me&quot; which is just as awful as its title.  If only Pearl Jam would stop trying to defy expectations and just write great songs, they could be the American equivilent of U2.
6305263248|5.0|Ronin is an action thriller for the discerning fan.  Well photgraphed, crafted, and cast; everything about this film works well, especially the interaction between Robert DeNiro and Jean Reno.  The car chases are unmatched, as are many of the gun fights.  Callous disregard for innocent bystanders not withstanding, the \\"shoot-em\\" up sequences hold a degree of realism, from the ordnance selected by the operators, to the much of the weapons handling by the cast.  The scenes under the Alexandre III Bridge and ambush in Nice are outstanding.  The director also make great uses of the French locations, as the photography is superior.  If you enjoy an action film where the hereos don't fire 20 mm Gatling Guns with one hand, I recommend Ronin.
B00000273M|4.0|As singers, The Bangles had talent to burn.  Unfortunately, they did not have the songwriting skills to match their vocal prowress and their career was stunted as a result.  Most of the best songs on their Greatest Hits album are covers, but what great covers they are.  The best of the best include &quot;Going Down to Liverpool,&quot; &quot;If She Knew What She Wants,&quot; &quot;Manic Monday,&quot; &quot;Hazy Shade of Winter&quot; and &quot;Walk Like an Egyptian,&quot; all either old songs or composed by outside writers.  Most of the tunes the band did have a hand in writing were done so with an &quot;assist&quot; from outside writers.  This makes the album stylistically uneven, but when the songs are this strong that's a minor quibble.  The album collects all of the band's best material in one place and represents all most casual fans will evern need to hear.
B000002UUX|5.0|Rust in Peace is without a doubt a classic metal album. Released in 1990 it was the first album to feature Marty Friedman on guitar and Nick Menza on drums. This album also starts to show Megadeth moving away from their thrash style. Don't get me wrong this album is heavy as anything, it's one of the heaviest albums I've heard but it's not all speed metal. There is still fast guitar parts but now the music is more structured and better written, in part due to Marty Friedman's amazing ability as a guitar player and songwriter.  The album opens with Holy Wars. This is one of the heaviest Megadeth songs ever, this song is was and still used many times as a concert opener. This song gives the listener a taste of what to expect from the amazing guitar solos to the double bass drumming by Nick Menza. About two and a half minutes into the song Marty Friedman also shows his ability as a classical guitarist by bringing the song to a stop and playing about a ten second piece. Hangar 18 is one of Meagdeth's most well known songs. It is heavy, fast, and Dave Mustaine's voice is excellent. Take No Prisoners is another one of their heaviest songs. There is great background vocals and a great bass part displaying Dave Ellefson's talent. Five Magics is another bass heavy song with great lead guitar parts courtesy of Marty and Dave Mustaine. Poison was the Cure is the fastest song on the album. It is also one of the heaviest. This album is great because all of the songs are excellent and there's no filler. Lucretia is an excellent song. It's heavy but it has a great guitar part reminicent of a Rush song. Tornado of Souls is another really heavy song in the style of Hangar 18, it like every other song on the album has amazing guitar work. Dawn Patrol is the worst song on the album. It's just bass and drums with Dave saying something. The album closes with with the title track Rust in Peace...Polaris. This is the best song on the album. Everything about it is amazing. Dave's voice andguitar playing, Marty's insane lead playing, Dave E's solid bass, and Nick's double bass playing. I can't say enough about Nick he's such an amazing drummer. This is definately a classic metal album that I reccommend to any metal fan/musician.
B000000H42|5.0|This review will be to the point.  This album was made back when sheer speed and horribly detuned guitars were NOT the norm.  The ability for the musicians to play their chosen instruments well and the incredible COMPOSITIONS on this disc are what will keep me listening to this great album for many more years to come.  King Diamonds voice is a little too much for a lot of folks, but if you want to hear songs that rival the compositions of band like Led Zepplin, but with a truly HEAVY sound, this album is a MUST HEAR!
B000002OZY|5.0|I bought this album when it came out in '69.  Didn't listen to much until recently.  But now I find the album is better now than in '69 - it's a musical masterpiece which hasn't been successfully copied by anyone.  I find I can't stop playing it.  I suppose perfection is hard to come by, if not impossible.  This may be as close as it gets.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie is so freakin good, even after the fifth time watching it. Even the soundtrack is breathtaking. It was so good they didn't even have to put in a cheesy epic love story sex scene. Hey, don't get me wrong, I would have loved to see Lucilla naked. This movie has it all!
0440219078|5.0|Jonas, a 12 year old boy, knows nothing of the horrors of the past.  He lives in a world of sameness, no colors, no pain, no weather.  He knows nothing of the choices he could have.  That is, until he is assigned as the Receiver of Memory.  All &quot;twelves&quot; are assigned a job at the annual ceremony.  He was assigned the most important job there was.  He was to know of the horrors of the past and of the joys.  The Giver was to show him all of this.<br />This book is solid.  No complaints, no questions.  Lois Lowry has done a great job of filling in the details.  Take the time to read this book rather than reading it just to read it.  It is well worth anyone's time.
B00000K3UR|4.0|This movie was a great movie. I own this movie and it thought that it was funny.
B000050FEN|4.0|In 1995 David Fincher unleashed SE7EN upon unsuspecting audiences.  The movie was dark, grim, and unrelenting: An instant masterpiece, and for audiences in the know it presented a challenge in theater selection.  Prestige theaters, in select cities only were given master prints processed through the Silver Retention process (CCE) which in which the silver leached out during processing the negative is rebonded to the final master. (only a couple hundred of the 2,500 prints released underwent this process).  David Fincher and his Cinematographer Darius Khondji intentionally chose this process to enhance the contrast levels and also allow the film world to bleed into our own.  In his words \\"I didn't want to see the frame around the screen\\"<br />In 1996 The Criterion Collection releases it's 4 disc, (7 sides) boxed edition of SE7EN amidst some of the most outstanding laserdiscs ever produced (Brazil, Dead Ringers etc.).  The Criterion SE7EN used a pristine CCE print to pull their master off of and was so exacting that the box actually included set-up instructions for your TV/Monitor to get best results, which had the pleasant side-effect of making all other videos look better too.  Additionally Ken Klyce (Sound designer) returned to remaster the film to optimize it for home theater viewing.  Criterion's SE7EN was packed to the brim with extras and supplemental material and is without a doubt one of the best laserdiscs ever produced.  Critics however note that the print is somewhat grainy and unstable, artifacts of the CCE process which David Fincher noted on his subsequent \\"The Game\\" laserdisc commentary, were somewhat intentional and present because he likes to push the print as far as it can possibly go.<br />In 2000 New Line Home Video releases it's Platinum Series DVD of SE7EN.  The new DVD promises even more bonuses and an even newer re-master of the film and audio masters to take advantage of even newer technology.  However here a major change in philosophy seems to have occurred, one which commentary on the DVD acknowledges and which film-bufs have been observing for some time with concern.  Rather than going to a pristine CCE print for it's video transfer, New Line went back to a master negative and digitally altered it to approximate a final CCE print.  While this has resulted in a DVD print that is cleaner, more consistent and less grainy there has been a significant cost.  The overall color tone, and contrast levels of the film are wildly different from the vision created by Fincher in 1995 and the clarity of the picture (or rather the apparent lack of it) no longer as clearly paralells the murky moral tone of the film.  It is significant to note that high contrast, and grain are things which DVD does poorly.  On the audio side changes have also been made.  The audio is again richer and cleaner, and gives better emphasis to the dialogue.  Environmental effects and ambient sound have however been mixed down both in tone and volume and as a result no longer has the same kind of visceral psycho-acoustic impact that it used to have (rain effects in the gluttony crime scene in particular spring to mind).<br />What we have here is a different bird from what Fincher hatched in 1995; one that may in many respects be more palatable and comfortable for the home theater audience (The DVD audience to be precise) but regardless it is a bird which was born beautiful, elegant and stunning and has had it's DNA noticeably tinkered with.  Yes the rough bits and minor flaws have been shed but so finely balanced was the creation that it was those very bits which gave the film it's primacy, strength and impact.  Ultimately the 1996 Criterion Laserdisc remains the definitive presentation of this masterpiece.s to have occurred, one which commentary on the DVD acknowledges and which film-bufs have been observing for some time with concern.  Rather than going to a pristine CCE print for it's video transfer, New Line went back to a master negative and digitally altered it to approximate a final CCE print.  While this has resulted in a DVD print that is cleaner, more consistent and less grainy there has been a significant cost.  The overall color tone, and contrast levels of the film are wildly different from the vision created by Fincher in 1995 and the clarity of the picture (or rather the apparent lack of it) no longer as clearly paralells the murky moral tone of the film.  It is significant to note that high contrast, and grain are things which DVD does poorly.  On the audio side changes have also been made.  The audio is again richer and cleaner, and gives better emphasis to the dialogue.  Environmental effects and ambient sound have however been mixed down both in tone and volume and as a result no longer has the same kind of visceral psycho-acoustic impact that it used to have (rain effects in the gluttony crime scene in particular spring to mind).<br />What we have here is a different bird from what Fincher hatched in 1995; one that may in many respects be more palatable and comfortable for the home theater audience (The DVD audience to be precise) but regardless it is a bird which was born beautiful, elegant and stunning and has had it's DNA noticeably tinkered with.  Yes the rough bits and minor flaws have been shed but so finely balanced was the creation that it was those very bits which gave the film it's primacy, strength and impact.  Ultimately the 1996 Criterion Laserdisc remains the definitive presentation of this masterpiece.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Anyone over 20 years old realizes that the Beatles music was much more than their commercial hits.  But one must appreciate that it was their commercial hits that allowed them the freedom to become the incredible pop songwriters they became.  But that in itself is part of the Beatles lasting legacy, the ability to appeal to all generations.  Whether it be &quot;When I'm 64&quot; for the grannies to enjoy, or &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; for the children to enjoy, the Beatles had something for everyone.  Everyone has their own preference on which Beatle meant the most but one thing can not be disputed, they were the dominant force in music because of the sum of their parts. Buy the CD and it will trigger a need to buy everything that is available on the Beatles, and I don't envy you because 30 years later I still don't have it all.  But I continue to enjoy the hunt and so will you!!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|When I bought this CD, I was hoping it would be like the last one, great.  And it was!  Rarely do I buy a CD that has no bad songs on it.  But Savage Garden knows how to make music.  I love this CD!
0792843835|5.0|appeared years ago on PBS.  It's certainly different but very enjoyable.  I can only describe it as a melding of different people, personalities, cultures and circumstances to a very unexpected and happy ending.  I will warn you, this is not a film to watch once; one has to view it many times to catch all the nuances missed on the previous viewings.  For those of you who like foreign films, this is the flick to buy! And, unlike the PBS version, all the good parts are there.  For the rest who do not like foreign movies, well, try &quot;Bagdad Cafe&quot; you probably will like it.
0553565915|5.0|This book helped me greatly in dealing with the death of my mother. It gave me a different concept of the afterlife. I was also greatly helped by the book An Encounter With a Prophet. I would recommend reading both books if you are dealing with such issues
6303942830|5.0|scenery, actors, actresses and soundtrack.  The only complaint I have with the video I bought is black bars above and below the picture.  My version is not listed as widescreen. The box has a statement that the movie is formatted to fit my screen, which usually means no black bars.  I contacted Twentieth Century Fox, via email, about the bars and received no reply. Despite this annoyance, the movie still is well worth owning. Just be aware that when viewed it looks very similar to widescreen format; although, it's not supposed to.
B00000DFKF|5.0|this is very good black metal with a unique sound and style. it is basically a combination of the first burzum album and the &quot;Aske&quot; EP. i dont really care if varg killed someone, i know it was wrong and it hurt his career, but his music still appeals to me. Track 9 is the best. if you like black metal or just metal in general you will like this album. Give it a shot
0553274503|5.0|I first read the novelette Flowers for Algernon in 1979.  It was a deeply moving and touching story of Charlie Gordon and his attempt to become smart.  The book follows the same story line as the novelette, while adding details about Charlie's family, psyche, etc.  This is a fascinating look at the human soul, and at society and how it treats the inferior and the superior.  Charlie experiences both, in a tragic tale that I will long remember.
B00000JSZV|5.0|Pet Sounds is the greatest album ever made (just nudges the White Album). Every track is perfect, Brian Wilson could've been bigger than Lennon or McCartney if he didn't crack up. Of course Wouldn't It Be Nice, God Only Knows, and Sloop John B. are the most well-known, they are not even the best songs on this album of albums. To me, the two best songs are I Just Wasn't Made For These Times (the title says it all) and Caroline No, about how things don't always change for the better (kinda the message of In My Life, but I can't decide which is my favorite of the two). But then again, I like all the songs. So in my opinion this is as good as it gets (in McCartney's opinion, too. And I bet he knows a thing or two about good music...)
B00000IPAX|5.0|This has to be one of Blink's best CDs!All the Small Things,Mutt and DysentaryGary(Ha!)are awsome.But then Going AWay to College  and Adams song are awsome to.If you like Blink,funny songs,great guitar playing,or nice beats you'll love this album!
0395645662|3.0|The novel&quot;The Giver&quot; is about a boy name Jonas, who lived in a community where everything is perfect there. In the community, there are very strict rules that everyone has to follow them. Then, the Elders of the committee choose Jonas to be the person responsible for receiving and keeping all the memories of the past, and it is a huge task for Jonas. So when Jonas found out that there is something bad in the community, he ran away with his brother. Jonas and his little brother lived in the forest, till he saw a town. Jonas and his little brother lived in the town and stayed there.
B00000HZFH|5.0|Keep it Like a Secret is far and away the best album of the year.  I haven't felt this way about an album since Siamese Dream (Smashing Pumpkins).  Just when I thought the world had seen its end of great overdubbed guitar driven rock, Built to Spill manages to put out this gem.  Every single track rocks and is a unique hit in istelf.  I have listened to this album non-stop for about 6 months and I keep fearing that I am abusing it, but I can't put it down.  The guitar work is spectacular.  It is both grounded and spacey at the same time, while maintaining a sharp pop edge that almost makes you feel guilty for feeling this great about an album.  This is what music is supposed to be all about.  If you don't own this album, you aren't living.
0553565915|5.0|Embraced by the Light was one of the most inspiring spiritual books I've ever read.  It helped me to understand that life doesn't start and end on earth - life only starts here.  The journey taken by this young lady that experienced death was truly amazing and overwhelming.  This book will give you a whole new understanding about what life really means.  I highly recommend it to the sick and to any one that needs a serious uplift in their life.
B00000K2SD|3.0|While this movie is definitely the most amazing display of technology available for movies today, the movie leaves you hanging at the end as many do, in preparation for the sequels that will enter the box office in the coming years...The movie is fantastic at first, yet after seeing it for a second time I became bored with it, as the amazement quickly wears off. Good movie to rent, bad movie to spend 20.00 on...
B0000508U6|5.0|I bought this cd some time ago and i cant stop playing it. I think if your having trouble with buying a cd for someone at christmas, this is the one to get, so buy away and enjoy it's bloody brilliant
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The 27 number one records on this CD are all fantastic.I happen to like the the cuts that never made the top spot.My all time favorite songs by the Beatles,&quot;Back in the USSR,Birthday,Everybodys got something to hide except for me and my Monkey,Happeness is a warm gun,&quot;  from (the White Album.)&quot;Norwegian Wood,Drive my Car,In my Life,&quot; from (Rubber Soul.)The  second side of (Abby Road.)&quot;Its Getting Better all the Time,A day in the life,(Sgt.Peppers.)I could go on forever.
0679777547|5.0|If you picked up this book expecting to find the story portrayed in the movie &quot;The Ninth Gate&quot; then you might be disappointed.  Even though the movie portrays much of the story told in the book it is not the main plot of the book.<br />If you are expecting to find a solidly written story of murder and mystery then you picked up the right book for you.  This story has more twists and turns than then a chiroprachtors office.  But in the end it is fully drawn together.<br />if there was one complaint that I have with this book it would be it ended to soon.  I say this for two reasons, first I wanted to continue to follow the story beyond where the final page ended it, and secondly I felt that the story ended too soon because there are a feew loose ends and a few questions that went unanswered.<br />Don't let this stop you from reading this book though.  You will not regret investing your time into this story.
0745184790|3.0|Nice piece of material but I would reccomend buying one of his great big books so you can sit down by the fire and read all day.
B00002ND77|5.0|One of the most brilliant films ever made.  Another reviewer, E. Hazell is correct, if maybe even understated in comparing this film with von Sydow's portrayal of Jesus in &quot;The Greatest Story Ever Told&quot; and B. Kingsley in &quot;Ghandi&quot;.  Without question, the portrayal by Denzel Washington of Malcolm X belongs with these two classic efforts.<br />The screenplay closely follows Alex Haley's collaboration with Malcolm X on his autobiography, from his early days as a hustler and pimp, to his transformation and his rise to prominence in the Black Muslims and beyond.  In so doing, it traces much of the history of the twentieth century African American experience<br />As another reviewer so inelegantly (and ungrammatically) put it, Malcolm Little sold drugs and women, robbed and lived in the underworld.  However, this recognizes far less than half of this compelling and incredible story.  This beginning was important only to underscore how far he ultimately came, and leads the viewer to wonder what would have happened had he not been murdered.  <br />Wonderful casting including Angela Bassett as his wife Betty, DelRoy Lindo and particularly Al Freeman Jr. as Elijah Muhammad.   It was a rather predictable crime that Spike Lee, Denzel Washington and this film did not dominate the Academy Awards.
B00004W510|5.0|As the other reviews explain, this is a great recording.  But the news is the remastering (the inspiration has been long attested).  To my ears there's a lot more bass which makes for a richer listening experience.  As in most remastering jobs, the acoustic guitar brightens considerably.  Otherwise the sound remains the same because Robertson and Simon saw fit to limit it in the original recording.  The liner notes explain that the drum set was a $130 thing purchased in a pawn shop.  The extra tracks are more interesting than the other recent re-releases because The Band worked harder at the actual recording of this record than they worked on other recordings.  So there are more takes to choose from.  The alternative 'King Harvest' has a charm all its own and 'Jemima Surrender' really emphasizes the big contribution Richard Manuel's drumming made to the released best take (I also learned that it's Manuel who does that tremendous drumming at the end of 'When you Awake').  So I highly recommend purchasing this release.
0780018664|5.0|This is an astounding film. Peter Lorre gives a hauntingly brilliant performance as the twisted, yet sympathetic serial killer loosely based on real-life serial killers of the time (Fritz Haarman &amp; Peter Kurten). A serial killer is on the loose preying on little children. The police can't figure out who it is. The criminals who are sickened by the news decide to band together to track down the killer. Fritz lang does a brilliant job conveying the sheer terror that gripped the town as a monster roams the streets killing innocent children. A classic that deserves mentioning as one of the greatest achievements in cinema history.
6304316267|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out on VHS and I still love it. In case you're wondering, there really WAS a Cannonball Sea-to-Shining Sea Memorial Trophy Dash that ran from 1971 to the early 1980's, with drivers like Carroll Shelby (of Ford Cobra fame), Dan Gurney, Brock Yates, and the like. Rumor even has it guys like A.J. Foyt, Mario Andretti, etc. drove the race as well. Just seeing the movie makes me want to hop into a fast car and fly down the interstate at 100-plus MPH. A great movie with a great cast. And the bloopers at the end are just like Needham-he did the same with some of his other movies.
B000053V5A|5.0|The Montreal based circus company has created yet another masterpeice with their latest creation, Dralion.  Dralion and Quidam are both wonderful displays of artistic skill set amazing music.  Dralion is the fusion of East and West and contains acts such as Ballet on Lights, Aerial Ballet, Juggling, Trapeze and the amazing vocal talents of Erik Karol.  Quidam has the hillarious clowning of John Gilkey, Silk Contortion, and Trapeze amoung much more.
B00003CX95|5.0|you have got to get this movie it is the best movie i have ever watched. the fight scenes are great. music is awsome. this is a must have for anyone who likes action movies or mel gipson.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Easily the worst movie I have seen in a long time.  Do not waste your time renting, buying, seeing at all cost.  Lame action and lamer acting from 3 Oscar winners make this a must-NOT-see.  It was never exciting, funny, believable - what were they thinking?
1568495110|5.0|I am 14 years old, and, after reading the novel A Clockwork Orange, i did not go out and kill my friends or get a gang of droogs together to rob stores. I have my own will, and make intelligent descisions on my own rather than copying what i read. This said, the violence seemed to make the book appeal to me more, i suppose because of my sadistic side. Perhaps the shock value and unfamiliarity of the events intrigued me. However, the part of the book that I had the most fun with was the Nadsat. The language, while it seemed very difficult at first (I came very close to throwing away the book after the first page), turned out to be cool once you understood it (i finished the book that same day). After you learn it, the slang makes the book more enjoyable- you feel a bit proud that you can finally understand what they are saying, and the story shines through. Good pacing (except for part 3), great use of narrative and language, and an enjoyable, disturbing read.
B00004THAY|5.0|The first thing I have noticed about this album, through the amazon reviews and elsewhere, is that it has managed to upset 2 groups of listeners right off the bat...B.B. King fans and Eric Clapton fans. Each side thinks that collaboration with the other has produced only a watered down version of what their favorite of the 2 could have produced on a solo effort. If you think that is the case then buy some of their solo albums instead. What is produced here is not distinctly Eric Clapton, nor is it distinctly B.B.King...but that is what one should expect with collaboration. Sure I don't think B.B. King would be able to keep up with Eric Clapton's technical guitar ability, and I don't think Eric Clapton could sing the blues with the soul and feeling that B.B. King does...but the combination of artists with different talents is what makes music magical. I had my reservations about how the songs would 'sound.' Will Eric Clapton sing the blues like a middle aged white man singing the blues??? Will every song sound almost exactly the same kind of like B.B.Kings Blues On the Bayou?(sorry B.B., I'm a big fan and I always will be, but I just couldn't buy that album). I truly believe however that the pairing of one of the greatest guitar legends and one of the greatest blues legends of all times produced some wonderful new takes on some great old songs. And isn't that what collaborations are all about? To the blues purists, of which I find myself being one from time to time. Sure I believe that the blues should be preserved. There will always be guys around whose playing takes you back to an early 30's juke joint in the Mississippi Delta... But that is not the goal of this album. The blues needs to grow and to be progressive too. And collaborations like this one do well to help the music grow. If anything it at least introduces B.B. King to a lot of Eric Clapton fans who may not have known much about him before. Give the album a try if you're a fan of either Clapton or King... just go in knowing what to expect and I'm sure you will enjoy!
B00004Y6O9|4.0|Eddie Van Halen may disagree but there really is only  one lead singer for Van Halen as this CD proves: David Lee Roth. Pretenders to VH's lead singer throne like Sammy Hagar and Extreme's Gary Cherone? The bland leading the bland. Eddie is an exciting, original guitarist who needs  an exciting, original lead singer like David. This CD has  killer songs like &quot;Running With The Devil&quot; and &quot;Ain't Talkin''Bout Love&quot; as well as a strong cover of The Kinks' &quot;You Really Got Me.&quot; Michael and Alex on bass and drums are  ok, I guess, but nothing to write home about. The stars of  the Van Halen show are Eddie and David. This is the CD to  play for someone who has never heard of Van Halen. Don't  bother with any VH after David left. Sorry Eddie!
B000005HLV|3.0|Many consider this to be the pinnacle, the epitome, the definite BM release... i disagree, i consider Darkthrone's 'under a...' and 'a blaze...' to be in that category. Anyway back to MayheM, grim and dark, and one of the bands to start the 2nd wave of BM. Blah blah.. my words don't do this any justice, just get the album! :P
B000000OAH|1.0|As a former member of the International Queen Fan Club, I think I speak with some authority when I say that &quot;Jazz&quot; is not one of Queen's best albums. Queen's songwriting well seems to have  dried up on this one. The songs are weak, forgettable and lack that special Queen &quot;something.&quot; It sounds like the kind of album bands do when they owe their record  company one more album in order to get out of a bad recording contract. The only time I saw Queen was at  the Oakland Coliseum on their &quot;Jazz&quot; tour. I went to  the show hoping they would play their old stuff and  a minimum number of songs from the disappointing &quot;Jazz.&quot;  Go play Queen's &quot;Sheer Heart Attack&quot; CD right after  listening to &quot;Jazz&quot; and you'll hear the difference. I don't see any reason to recommend Queen's &quot;Jazz.&quot; Definitely NOT a high point in their career.
0805062971|5.0|I got this book because I was curious.  I knew the movie was coming, and it was being praised as a gutsy piece of filmmaking (turns out it wasn't; go to my review of the DVD for more on that.)  So I ordered it from the bookstore of a good friend.  <br />Within two months I'd read it five times.<br />&quot;Fight Club&quot; is a truly rare book, a fast-paced thriller that's also got some very deep points to it, yet is as technically clean and sharp as a laser-cut diamond.  The structure is nothing short of amazing.  Read it a few times and you realize Palahniuk has created a book that's all most perfectly balanced; everything ties into everything else.  As an example; early in the book, Tyler Durden tells our narrator that &quot;a moment is the most you can expect of perfection.&quot;  Later on, this line is repeated, and you realize, for a moment in our protagonist's life, he had perfection and now he's losing it.<br />There are dozens of other examples (this book is a goldmine on how to foreshadow and flashback), and I could go into an analysis of the deeper themes, but I'll spare you the English lecture.  Even if you're not a fan of J.G. Ballard, even if you think you'd be turned off by this book, read it anyway.  You really will not find a better written book from the last decade.
B00003CX8J|1.0|My kids dragged me to this travesty.  The funny thing is, I used to like X-Men comics when I was a kid myself and halfway expected a good yarn.  And I do enjoy sci fi movies like the Matrix, Terminator, 12 Monkeys, etc.  But oh, my!  What a mistake going to this turkey!  There is absolutely no story to this at all, the characters are ridiculous, the acting (what acting?) is preposterous.  This was the closest thing to sheer torture since they dragged me to the Pokemon movie.<br />But don't take my word for it:  even my kids had to admit it was terrible.
0782008372|4.0|The original movie of Highlander was a good story, played nicely by the cast. The Collector's Edition promised extra scenes, which it has, but only one seems to add anything to the story (how he meets his secretary), the others are easily discarded. Additionally, the added scenes are of poorer quality than the rest of the movie, exhibiting a graininess that looks like old home movies, very out of place with the rest of the production. Can be worth it over the regular edition but barely.
B00004X01U|5.0|Made another extraordinary album, that is.  By now, the majority of the masses has heard the debut single &quot;Music,&quot; and its follow-up &quot;Don't Tell Me.&quot;  If these two singles aren't enough to convince you to rush out and by the CD, I don't know what I can say that will make you buy it any sooner.<br />To underground music fans and club-goers, this album doesn't present any new material or establish a definitive genre.  What Madonna does, and effortlessly I might add, is bring together a collection of music that the average  listener might not have been exposed to.  The driving techno beat that encompasses the entire album, both the dance tracks and the ballads, takes the music a step beyond Madonna's last release, Ray of Light.  It's rare that an artist has the talent and tenacity to make techno music emotional and commercially viable, yet Madonna hits two for two with this release.  Pre-Evita, and before her rigorous vocal training, Madonna wouldn't have had the muscial chops to release this record and have it sell.  But her training has added subtle nuances and shadows that just make the record all the more interesting.  Add the talents of the other two producers, and you come up with a winning record that once again puts Madonna muscially way ahead of the pack of her contemporaries and the teen queens who seem so desperate to recreate Madonna's early bubblegum career.<br />Never count Madonna out, because in the end she's going to be remembered more as a musical genius than a sexpot.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This album is a perfect collection of Beatles songs. Since it is a collection of number one hits, it has music from the full spectrum of their career, from Love Me Do to The Long and Winding Road. Although there are some songs that are questionable as numbr one hits (how could people be that dumb), most of the album is brilliant, a must for any Beatles fab.
B000006MS3|5.0|This is absolutely genius and no other way to describe it. All the songs are so captivating and blend into each other so well. Although all the songs are great and you need to listen to them all together without skipping, my faves are 'Suspended in Gaffa', 'Dreaming', 'Night of the swallow' and 'Get out of my house'. 'Night of the swallow' is especially the best IMO it is so addictive and a great example of Kates genius, i cant imagine anyone else making that without it sounding like a jumble of mess! Play it loud and REALLY listen to it and you will fall in love!!
0767819594|5.0|I just finished watching this movie for the second time.  I find it to be a truly wonderful film.  At first I thought it would be about sex and not really have a plot to it.  When I watched it for the first time, I realized how wrong I had been.  There is so much more to &quot;Cruel Intentions&quot; than sex.  This film was one of very few that kept me on the edge of my seat.  The ending made it the most wonderful.  Ok, what happens I really didn't want to happen, but it made me think (and cry).  When I watch this movie, I fall in love with Sebastian, hate Kathryn, and admire Annette.
0140186409|5.0|This is John Steinbeck's finest work!  It is truly a heart-breaking story.  In The Grapes of Wrath you see capitalism at its worst, at its most hateful.  The common man is nothing but scum.  There is a lot of cussing in this book, which I did not appreciate, but that's Steinbeck.  He is still a genius.  The ending is a real shocker!  I never dreamed it would end this way, and when it came, I couldn't believe it!  It depicted, in no uncertain terms, the devastating, unspeakable hunger of a human being and the compassion of another human being in attempting to assuage that hunger.  I saw the movie twice; once before I read the book, and then again after having read the book.  The first time I saw the film, I thought it was great, but after having read the book, the second time I saw the movie, it just did not measure up at all; it was a real disappointment.  I think Hollywood did a mediocre job of trying to bring The Grapes of Wrath to the big screen.  It just didn't work, and of course the ending in the book couldn't possibly have been shown on the screen, not way back in those days, nor in these modern times of anything goes.  It simply would not be possible.  Is your curiosity aroused?  Then read the book.  The Grapes of Wrath is not merely a novel; it is a soul-searing experience!
6304078102|5.0|Being a music student myself, I appreciated this movie very much.  Seeing Mr. Holland change over 30 years, going from hating teaching music to absolutely loving it, was a remarkable part of the film.  I, who stayed dry-eyed all the way through &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot;, AND Titanic, actually got choked up at the end of this movie.  Go out and see and enjoy it, and if you are sensitive to movies, bring Kleenex!
B00004XMSN|5.0|It's fun to dig into the vaults occasionally and come up with a classic that perhaps you've never seen, or haven't seen for a long time; and it's especially satisfying when you come up with a gem like \\"The Bishop's Wife,\\" directed by Henry Koster and starring Cary Grant, Loretta Young and David Niven.  It's trying times for Bishop Henry Brougham (Niven), who's trying to raise enough funds for the construction of a cathedral for his church; he has a patron, the widow Mrs. Hamilton (Gladys Cooper), who will donate handsomely, but only if she is allowed to \\"call the shots\\" as it were.  Henry has become increasingly distracted by it all, as well as distant, a fact which hasn't gone unnoticed by his wife, Julia (Young).  When Henry prays for help, his prayers are answered in the form of an angel named Dudley (Grant), who announces himself to Henry and quickly manages to ingratiate himself with Julia.  And with Dudley's help, Henry ultimately discovers what is truly important in his life.  Koster has crafted a pleasing and thoroughly entertaining movie that examines the good and bright side of human nature, and how refreshing it is in an era when so many films explore the dark side exclusively.  It's an elegant film with performances to match, with the charismatic Grant giving a relaxed and polished turn as the angel.  He fairly oozes charm, seemingly effortlessly, with a presence that is captivating to the other characters as well as to the audience; and he brings a sense of peace and serenity to the proceedings that gives total credibility to Dudley.  Grant makes it easy to believe that he's the angel he claims to be.  Young, as well, is simply outstanding as Julia, lending a dignity to the role while managing to remain down-to-earth and totally accessible.  There's an endearing warmth about her that makes her someone with whom you would like to spend more time; a gracious woman of classic beauty, both inside and out.  And Niven, as Henry, strikes a countenance that defines class, and he exacts the  sympathy of the viewer by making his character one with whom you can readily identify; his consternation becomes yours, and you breathe a little easier once you know Dudley is on the job.  The supporting cast includes Monty Woolley (Professor Wutheridge), James Gleason (Sylvester), the terrific Elsa Lanchester (Matilda), Sara Haden (Mildred), Regis Toomey (Mr. Miller) and young Karolyn Grimes (Debby).  Watching this film, it's easy to understand why it's been designated as \\"classic.\\"  Well written and stylishly delivered, \\"The Bishop's Wife\\" is an absorbing, memorable film that makes you realize (either again or, perhaps for many, the first time) why Grant, Young and Niven are considered \\"stars,\\" and how much great character actors like Woolley, Gleason and Lanchester contributed to so many great films during their careers.  For a satisfying movie experience, especially during the holidays, this is one film you should definitely check out; you won't be sorry.
B00003CXDG|1.0|This movie is a tad stinky.  But of course, this is coming from somebody who thought the first movie was a complete waste of time.  Well, the bright folks in Hollywood decided to torture us again, with an equally poor effort.  Like the first one, the first hour has absolutely nothing going on, except for a lot of hi-tech mumbo-jumbo and cloudy character development.  You have to put up with a lot of pointless developments, bad acting and a plodding script to get to the action. By the time the far-fetched final motorcycle chase comes along - which seems to last for aeons - you're too bored to care about the exciting and innovative stunts.  The stunts certainly are impressive, and there are a lot of things that go 'boom', so fans of stupid movies may be satisfied.  But stunts and exploding rubble make not a good movie.  The humourous cliche-fest of a script ('the clock is ticking') and terrible acting are tolerable in a movie of this nature, but there are too many other things wrong with this movie.  The Thandie Newton character is dull, cardboardy, and doesn't have much to do other than look pretty or violent, and the same can be said for Tom Cruise, and basically everyone else.  In fact, only the Anthony Hopkins character (who gets about 2 minutes of screen time) is remotely likeable.  In short, you find yourself not rooting for anyone, because you don't care about anyone.  Also, the plot can be compared directly to swiss cheese - as in, it's full of holes.  And the incredibly boring first two thirds of the movie are just dreadful.  The thin plot progresses in a lethargic and confusing manner.  The deadly virus theme - which has been used a million times before - is a pretty lame excuse for flying motorcycles and exploding things.  And really, the exploding things aren't all that exciting after the five-billionth movie.  Do yourself a favour and turn to ABC or CBS to meet the standards of high-quality film-making.
B000050FEN|5.0|This was a very good movie at first I thought it was just going to be on of those dumb horror movies trying to copy silence of the lambs but it is so much better than that it starts out by leaving you hanging and keeeps you hanging on the edge of you r seat to the stunning conclusion see this movie peace out
B00000IAU3|4.0|Knowing how some of us music critics (or music critic wannabees) like to deconstruct an artist and be ultra-critical of their work, an artist like Dido would seem to be a prime target for such a vicious dismissal of musical and artistic credibility. After all, she writes pop songs which fit nicely next to the N Syncs and Backstreets of the blandest pop radio rotation imaginable. This isn't revolutionary stuff here.    Still, pop songs notwithstanding, No Angel, Dido's 1999 debut on Arista Records, begs to be appreciated for what it is, which is a fantastic collection of ethereal if not slightly understated pop songs of love and regret as is evident from song titles such as &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; and &quot;I'm No Angel&quot;. Her voice resonates with a glistening sheen not unlike Sarah McLachlan in her best moments, and one can hear glimpses of the Cranberries' Dolores O'Riordian as well. There is some intangible quality of honesty that is manifested in this singer's voice that seems to jump out at the listener.   It seems as if Dido could be considered a cross-over artist, seeing how her music could appeal to a wide array of tastes ranging from those who enjoy Sarah McLachlan and other Lilith fare, top 40 radio tunes, and in truth, anyone with an open ear to good music from any genre. In the end, a haughty critic like myself is essentially forced to put away the big vocabulary and just enjoy the music. And, on that criteria, alone, its very listenability, Dido's No Angel is a fine piece of work.
0671004107|5.0|After reading this book, you will likely agree with Dr. Sagan that humanity has reached a turning point in its maturation.  We, unlike other creatures, have the intelligence to choose our course.  We have the technology to destroy ourselves -- or the technology to make &quot;contact.&quot;<br />     This book is very exciting and serves as a reasonably good introduction to the efforts of the SETI program.  The book brings up questions about the nature of intellence, our place in the universe, and the nature of our possible brothers of intelligence in the universe.  Since these questions are not yet answered conclusively, the book cannot hope to tell us the exact setting of the contact.  So keep in mind that the &quot;findings&quot; of this book are not inevitable, and that they are not based upon any single and fully successful scientific study.  But it does illustrate conclusively the depth and scope of those questions, and the fact that if and when contact occurs it will be wonderful in ways that most of us cannot currently imagine.<br />     On a slightly different note, with all of the problems facing mankind in the near future this book's message stands out as a beacon of hope.  I highly recommend it to the open-minded reader.
6305949980|5.0|I First Saw this film when I was eight years old in a ratherlarge cinema. The atmosphere was great. They even had a giant hangingJack Skellington from the ceiling. I remember having the feeling thatthe film was very funny, and bing young and Naive, i thought Santastill existed. The Music was fabulous and clever.  Now, the christmasafter that i bought the video but never fully understood it. Sevenyears later i decided to watch it again, as Tim Burton is now myfavourite director. His films all have a twisted sense of humour witha rather horrific undertone. I am now 14 and appreciate the film forall it's worth. The animation is stunning and in it's time must havebeen top of the line. The Music which rightfully won an Oscar is stillas powerful and twisted as ever. And the humour is razor sharp with avery satrical edge....The film is rather disturbing for youngchildren. My Cousin still won't watch it, and I think it might destroymany child's view of Christmas, but I still think that every familyshould Own a copy.  I Can't wait to see what Henry Sellick can do withMonkeybone and this film reinforces my view that Tim Burton shouldhave been the one to remake &quot;How the Grinch StoleChristmas!&quot;!
0441172717|5.0|I have read this book so many times that I can't even remember the exact number.The reason for my behaviour is not that I don't like to read other books,it is just that every time I read this one I get something new from it.Every page reveals something else and I get the feeling that I am not  only readig a very good science fiction book but also a very good philoshopy book.
B00001NFCY|1.0|How many more bands do we need that sound EXACTLY like early Pearl Jam? We've already had Candlebox, Seven Mary Three, The Nixons, Silverchair, etc. The only difference here is that these guys seem to think this is some real important stuff they're doing. Crappy, crappy, crappy. Oh well, they will be forgotten in 5 years.
0140186395|5.0|East of Eden is a probing, philosophical work focusing on the inner struggle between good and evil. Steinbeck creates angelic characters in Adam and his son Aron, pure evil in Adam's wife Cathy, and a testy coexistence of the two in Caleb and Charles. He strips away the shells of these characters, exposing human nature and its many complexities to the reader. Powerful emotions like love, jealousy, and shame shape the novel and its characters. Steinbeck writes with rugged honesty and incomparable beauty, making East of Eden a treasured American classic.
B0000017CA|5.0|Both Acid Bath cds are works of art.  The guitars, the bass, and most of all the vocals.  Featuring some of the most disturbing and violent imagary drawn into their lyrics but in a way they're just beautiful. Especially the greatest song ever, Scream of the Butterfly, which is just a masterpiece.  &quot;With blood in her hair into the sun she stairs&quot;  I must say Acid Bath is way ahead of their time.  The thought they put into this is mindboggling.  To get the full &quot;feel&quot; for this you must listen to it in a cramped, dark room.  Then turn up the music to where you can't hear yourself think then.......KAPOW
B000001GQP|5.0|In my years of listening to classical music, this is by far the greatest recording of Carmina Burana I have found.<br />Listen, people, this work is powerful and stirring.  Orff knew what he was doing - his music lends great power to    masterful Latin lyrics, which are thoughtfully included. Very fortunately for us listeners, Jochum and the rest carry this collection off masterfully. Excellent sound quality, especially for 1968.<br />You can sometimes hear a page turn or two, but I think this just adds a little life to the recording. On one occasion, this recording falls flat - hearing Janowitz on &quot;Dulcissime&quot; was one of the more painful experiences of my life. Unfortunate as this flaw is, the near perfection of the rest of the recording makes up for 30 seconds of squealing.<br />Everyone with any interest in either classical music, the Medieval period, or Latin should buy this recording. Most of the other recordings can't touch this one - this truly an incredible performance.
B000007T1M|4.0|SOAD's political lyrics and their play style meld fairly well but singer Serj Tankian's voice can get annoying.  That is their only downside though.  Each song comes off very well and doesn't sound like another song.  Sugar and CUBErt are my favorites but each song has a certine value.
B000000WA4|4.0|First of all, it is 28 songs, which encompasses a little bit over two hours. Pink Floyd's The Wall was around one and a half, and that was pretentious enough. This is massive. On most albums, the theory is the more songs, the better. However, this being a concept of, um, great proportions, one must truly consider the fact that the Pumpkins could have at least simplified it a little, and squeezed it into one CD. But, alas, they did not. Even though having so many songs allows for the &quot;something for everyone&quot; concept to exist, it can honestly detract from the whole experience when there are so many songs. But Mr. Corgan is well known for his pomp and need for pretentious rock, so it was no mistake that this album was so long.  Despite its great length and the few unnecessary songs, it is one great album. Because of how many songs they actually recorded, they managed to pull quite a few hits off of this. Corgan's high-pitched pining is truly classic on &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;, and &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot; is the exemplar angry/angsty song, to be played as loud as possible. Though completely musically different, a good comparison for the Pumpkins are the Smiths--each one is headed by a guy with an annoying voice who is not exactly a &quot;good singer&quot; (Corgan and Morissey) by any means, but writes incredible songs, and the music is written to these lyrics under the direction of a rock virtuoso (Iha and Marr). Corgan's vocal style seems to resemble Black's of the Pixies, with high-pitched shrieks and screaming, though the musical style seems to vary from song to song. Good buy, great CDs, despite all its length, it still keeps up its strength!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Mostly being a jazz lover, it was a shock to me when driving to work one day several months ago I heard WAWO. It was the most incredibly emotional, power packed pop tune I had heard in quite a while. Later I heard &quot;Higher&quot; and was hooked. While my daughter has a collection of grunge CD's and other alternative rock albums I had always dismissed them as so much noise, thus I was somewhat put off when considering an investment in this CD. However a few weeks ago I did puchase the CD and haven't stopped playing it since. I am more interested in chord structure, flats, and dissonent notes juxstaposed to melody and beat; Bach and Beethoven are more my speed. But this CD blew me away, and I would recommeend it to anyone who likes classical music or jazz of the Thelonious Monk or Oscar Peterson variety. The tunes stay with you, and every time I play the CD I hear something different and more amazing. I can only say that I am looking forward to Creed's next disc, and will definitely buy their first CD &quot;MOP.&quot;  Buy this CD and be prepared for an awesome experience. (I am 58 years old and still enjoy great rock!)
B000002NHN|5.0|Her music is profoundly different to anything I have heard before. It touches my soul. One day a colleague passed me the Book of Secrets and dared me to have a listen. I can't begin to tell you how different and captivating I found the music. Night Ride Across the Caucasus blew me away, The Highwayman to music - very brave but it works.<br />Since then I've discovered some more of her music - the Mask and the Mirror - and unfortunately missed the chance to see her live in the Pacific NW.<br />In 100 years when I and Metallica (2 or 3 years in their case ;-)) are long gone I believe her music will still be around. Have a listen, I dare you!
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|The movie is totally great...  I would buy it... if it would work!  Scary Movie has a defect in it that doens't let it play on some DVD players.  I know JVC, Hitachi, and other DVD players are not able to play this movie...  So do some research and call your DVD player company and see if they are having problems with Scary movie as well.  Hopefully the manufacturers of Scary Movie do a recall as many places have removed the DVD from the shelves because of the high return rate.
B00000BKI4|4.0|I purchased &quot;Deserter's Songs&quot; about 3 months ago along with about ten other CD's. (Flaming Lips, Olivia Tremor Control, Neutral Milk Hotel, Negativland, Zappa, Pavement...and so on.) Well...as fate would have it, I listened to every other CD I bought about 200 times collectively as opposed to the ONE time I listened to &quot;Deserter's Songs.&quot; Well, for some reason I snaked &quot;Deserter's Songs&quot; from the pile of 30 next to my computer, popped it into my CD drive, and found myself grateful for doing so. This CD seems to have a linear &quot;build up&quot;, the crescendo being the last track, &quot;Delta Sun Bottleneck Stomp&quot;; a downright toe tapper!! The CD's denouement is a hidden track that has a decidedly &quot;Bugs Bunny meets 'Old Man and the Sea'&quot; motif. Quite a great CD! Recommend it to your Bjork loving friends! Hell, recommend it to everyone...It's not THAT far out! (hence the four star rating.)
B00000J2KY|5.0|Among Stanley Kubrick's four great cinematic works-the three others: Dr. Strangelove (1964), 2001, A Space Odyssey (1968), and  A Clockwork Orange (1971)-Lolita (1962) is the most uneven, yet in some ways the most brilliant.  (I understand that Barry Lyndon (1975) is also very good, but I haven't seen it yet.)  The casting, from the improbable choice of Peter Sellers as Claire Quilty, to the exactly right choice of Shelley Winters as Charlotte Haze, to the beautiful Sue Lyon as Lolita, to the \\"old world\\" James Mason as Humbert Humbert, was inspired.  The witty and intensely focused interpretation of Nabokov's black comedic novel was probably as true to Vladimir's spirit as the silver screen could hope to come, and yet the film was clearly and exactly a Stanley Kubrick work of art.<br />The scene (apparently a Kubrick witticism) in which friends of the dead Charlotte find Humbert in the tub with a scotch and a hand gun, and mistakenly think he is about to blow his brains out from grief when in fact he is in jubilant celebration, is a wonderful variation on Nabokov's text, as is the use of Peter Sellers disguised as a Freudian shrink at the girl's school.  However, I thought the Buster Keatonish slapstick improv with the folding cot at the Enchanted Huntress a bit overdone.<br />Inevitably the recent Adrian Lyne film and Kubrick's must be compared.  The photography in the Lyne film was superior, and Lyne more clearly demonstrated the tragic nature of Humbert's all-controlling obsession.  Otherwise,  Kubrick's Lolita is clearly superior both as entertainment and as cinematic art, mainly because it is free from even a hint of political correctness and passes no judgment.  This is essentially a difference in tone and attitude.  Lyne's film insists that we appreciate the depraved nature of Humbert's desire and how it ruined Lolita.  Kubrick's leads us to believe that Lolita was a tragic figure whose very nature (through no fault of her own, of course) suggests her inevitable corruption, if not by Humbert then by Quilty, or perhaps eventually by our society itself.<br />But neither film was about the actual relationship depicted in the novel, since no one, given the prudish and hypocritical mentality of the American psyche, and the taboo nature of the material, can ever hope to make a film completely true to Nabokov's vision.  Lolita was twelve years old.  That is the singular truth that Kubrick and Lyne were not able to show.  Much is lost in not understanding that Humbert desired a nymphet, shy of her full sexual development, and not a fifteen-year-old.  (Both Sue Lyons and Dominique Swain from Lyne's movie were fifteen years old during the filming.)  Nabokov makes it abundantly clear in the novel that it is precisely the delicate, pre-adolescent form of the girl that excites Humbert.  One recalls the scene in the novel (not presented in either film) in which the perverted Humbert forces Lolita to sit with him in their vehicle near an elementary school as he watches the children cross the street hoping to spot a nymphet to excite him.<br />Until such time as people are able to face the broad spectrum of human sexuality without cant and prejudice, and without fear, an authentic version of Nabokov's novel cannot possibly be filmed.ble corruption, if not by Humbert then by Quilty, or perhaps eventually by our society itself.<br />But neither film was about the actual relationship depicted in the novel, since no one, given the prudish and hypocritical mentality of the American psyche, and the taboo nature of the material, can ever hope to make a film completely true to Nabokov's vision.  Lolita was twelve years old.  That is the singular truth that Kubrick and Lyne were not able to show.  Much is lost in not understanding that Humbert desired a nymphet, shy of her full sexual development, and not a fifteen-year-old.  (Both Sue Lyons and Dominique Swain from Lyne's movie were fifteen years old during the filming.)  Nabokov makes it abundantly clear in the novel that it is precisely the delicate, pre-adolescent form of the girl that excites Humbert.  One recalls the scene in the novel (not presented in either film) in which the perverted Humbert forces Lolita to sit with him in their vehicle near an elementary school as he watches the children cross the street hoping to spot a nymphet to excite him.<br />Until such time as people are able to face the broad spectrum of human sexuality without cant and prejudice, and without fear, an authentic version of Nabokov's novel cannot possibly be filmed.
6300216047|4.0|Jane Fonda, dressed in unique fashion by Paco Rabanne, is the perfect choice for Barbarella, a 41st-century heroine in a psychedelic, sexually charged galaxy. Fonda is sexiest as ever, directed by the poignantly hot-minded Roger Vadim. The movie is not more (and not less) than a camp classic and the ideal film for all those who enjoy midnight movie sessions. The dialogue is often so nonsensical that results more hilarious than much comedies. The movie is not exactly good in terms of artistic quality, but it's a must-see. The pulpy characters and the colorful, poppy production design are absolutely unforgettable. Don't miss blind angel Pygar (hunky blonde John Philip Law)'s recurrent quote, when Anita Pallenberg disturbs him: &quot;An angel doesn't make love; an angel is love&quot;. A treat.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I do indeed have the quibble over &quot;Please, Please Me&quot;'s exclusion, since it WAS the first number one hit by the Beatles in either England or America. (Hence, the docking of a star.) But for those who either lack a single comprehensive anthology of their stupefying hitmaking success or (though this MAY be highly unlikely) have no clue as to just why this band and its music remains among us, this is as good an introduction as it gets and, in its way, a full atonement to the well-enough intentioned but utterly weak &quot;20 Greatest Hits&quot; of about a decade-and-a-half or so ago. <br />For everyone else, invest the money, buy the CDs which offer both the original Beatles albums in their original British configurations, add to those the exquisite two-volume &quot;Past Masters&quot; collections (and savour, among others, one of their least appreciated early rockers, the shimmering &quot;Thank You, Girl&quot;), and revel in the evidence that Capitol Records does not really need to find new and improved ways to rehash and regroup the product: the music of the Beatles is, and ever will remain, timeless, fresh, vigorous, and engaging.
B00000IAU3|5.0|If your thinking about buying this C-D I totally reccomend it.  I'm a big Roswell fan so I bought it for the first song on the C-D, here with me.  I listned to it and it was the greatest music I've ever listned to.  She has such a richness in her voice that it just makes you want to weep! I just have to listen to her C-D every day.  You should so buy it, it won't be a waste of money!
B0000021RL|5.0|Chicago was in their most productive period with this double-CD put on a single disc. With the first five tracks on &quot;Chicago VII&quot; being instrumentals, they compliment the vocal tracks quite nicely. The instrumentals here are mostly jazz-laden, with &quot;Prelude To Aire&quot; and &quot;Aire&quot; opening the set rather nicely. &quot;Devil's Sweet&quot; is a very sweet and blissful piece of work, and &quot;Italian From New York&quot; sounds very high-tech for the era, with its computer-generated synthesized sounds featured at the opening and closing of the track. The horns then go into high gear on the closing instrumental &quot;Hanky Panky&quot;, with guitar and horns interspersed throughout. The bouncy &quot;Life Saver&quot; is the perfect vocal lead-in, while the other vocal tracks on this CD reflect on personal issues, as evident in the Top 40 hits &quot;(I've Been) Searching So Long&quot; and &quot;Call On Me&quot;. The Beach Boys sing backing vocals on the interpersonal &quot;Wishing You Were Here&quot;. This CD also features a bit of a folk sound in the Peter Cetera penned &quot;Happy Man&quot; and in Terry Kath's &quot;Byblos&quot;, as well as in &quot;Song Of The Evergreens&quot;, complete with an up-tempo, rousing finish. Signs of the disco era are starting to blossom in &quot;Woman Don't Want To Love Me&quot;, another Cetera-penned number. The band lets it all hang out in the fiesta-like &quot;Mongonucleosis&quot;. Robert Lamm even contributes with a composition of his own, titled &quot;Skinny Boy&quot;, including backing vocals from The Ponter Sisters. &quot;Skinny Boy&quot; also appears on Lamm's solo album of the same name. It is the plethora of music styles, not to mention those world-famous horns, that make &quot;Chicago VII&quot; a success and a must-buy for any fan of Chicago's music.
B00004Z4WR|3.0|If you are looking for the 74 movie's excitement...stop and wait for the 74 to hit DVD.  If you want to add a cool little car chase movie with a thin plot, but great shots of a very cherry Shelby GT500, then buy it.
B00003CX8J|5.0|This is the kind of movie you can see more than one time.  The movie has great actor and great special effect. I can't wait for see the second part. If you want to see a really good movie this is perfect one.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD is just extraordinary! After getting their first CD, which quickly became my favorite CD ever, I was skeptical on whether or not their second CD could be as good as the first one. But I was quickly proved wrong the first time I listened to this. I fell in love with this CD and you will too! The lyrics are beautiful, the music is wonderfu, and this is without a doubt one of the best CDs in the world! I wouldn't say this one is better than the first one, b/c they both have their strong points. But I highly recommend adding this CD to your collection.
B000002J1X|4.0|Although many of the songs on &quot;Time And A Word&quot; have a classic rock feel to them, the primary reason for that is because this is Yes' second album, and they're sill attempting to find their niche, which would ultimately end up as full-blown progressive rock by the time they recorded &quot;Fragile&quot;. Nonetheless, there are some very well-polished selections here, as in the opening track &quot;No Opportunity Necessary, No Experience Needed&quot;, which sort-of displays a bit of that progressivism the band would be noted for in the near future. Other tracks, such as &quot;Then&quot;, &quot;Sweet Dreams&quot; and &quot;Astral Traveller&quot; continue to display that hard-line progressive-rock feel, as well as in the instrumental &quot;The Prophet&quot;. The other tracks with the classic-rock sound, such as &quot;Everydays&quot; and the title track, have wonderfully-written lyrics, but sort of miss the mark musically. The string arrangement featured in the title track, although a nice touch, seems out of place in a Yes song, don'tcha think? The weakest track on this CD is quite possibly &quot;Clear Days&quot;, for some unknown reason. The first change in Yes' personnel would soon take place after this album, as Peter Banks would depart from the group, and the group's musical portfolio would be more dimensional with Banks' replacement of Steve Howe. Even though &quot;Time And A Word&quot; has a few minor musical glitches (such as the strings), it is a CD even the most die-hard Yes fan would love to have in their collection.
B000002OX7|5.0|**Why so many negative votes for my review? There's nothing here I said that isn't true!!??**<br /><br />As Pete Townshend once pointed out, Rock & Roll is about promise. But unfortunately, it has delivered only more promises, not solutions. And the cover of 'Who's Next' just about sums it up: Wishing for change and the promise of a better world is not enough. It is as futile as... You must DO, not just wish. Pete Townshend wrote and Roger Daltrey passionately sings about a 'teenage wasteland', as if predicting the stereotypical Generation X'ers more than 20 years ahead of time. This album had its' origins in a film script by Townshend called 'LIFEHOUSE', about a distopic world where pollution, crime and war makes it difficult to travel or participate in events. So; do it all from the safety of your home with the help of technology. Sound familiar?! And this was written in 1971... Townshend shelved the full 'LIFEHOUSE' concept and instead kept just the main songs with their spirit of anger, promise and hope intact. Roger Daltrey is the most insightful interpreter of Townshend's lyrical and musical genius, and here his voice is at its' most powerful and resonate. Keith Moon's unique drumming underpins and accents every vocal and every intricate Jon Entwistle bassline. And Townshend creates guitar power chord mortar for every musical brick and tile here. The end result is a solid structure that will weather the changes of popular music to join the classical music of this 21st Century. 'Who's Next' is, perversely, one of the most celebrated AND underrated albums in rock history. And that means there are many who have heard its' message and there's many more who need to. Rock on (with brains), man!
B00003CX8J|3.0|I seen this movie at the theater and it was a pretty decent movie I must say.  The movie's plot is generally about mutants and how they are persecuted and how they need to be excepted in modern society.  I see this movie's plot reflective of many groups in America today which made me appeal to this movie.  The actors were pretty convincing and they were well developed which was real refreshing to me.  It had some humorus moments and the special effects were quite good.  The problems I had with this movie was that the movies problem with Magneto wasn't introduced untill near the end of the movie.  It didn't have time to build up to an exciting climax as a movie that would concentrate on it's plot from the beginning.  Get my point?  And even then that problem didn't make you feel enough for it to really get your adrenaline rushing.  In conclusion, any X men fan would love this movie while non X men fans will think it's merely good.  Got something to say about something I typed?  E-mail me at:  omicron_30@yahoo.com
0316286443|5.0|There could be so much I can say about this simply fantastic collection of transformations of the stars. I just recieved the book last night as a gift. I already consider it one of my best &quot;reads&quot;. What I like about the book the best, has to be the makeovers of Tina Turner &amp; Celine Dion. They are not what we would normally expect either woman to look like.<br />The photography is amazing in the book, revealing each model's 2nd side. There are even 3rd sides to some people. I wish there were more everyday person makeovers shown in the book, but Kevyn has reserved the place for the stars. I've tried to do makeovers on different people, but the results weren't satisfying as looking at these pictures. Personally, I'd rather look at the books than do actual transformations.<br />I wish there was a smaller version (paperback) of this book, to give to friends. I highly recommend it to anyone who appreciates the time &amp; talent one can have for such a career. Bet you can't wait til Kevyn puts another book out! It would be great &quot;IF&quot; he does. Until then, we'll enjoy his &quot;Face forward&quot;.<br />Did my review help you?
B0000542D1|5.0|When compared with the relative merits of, say, The Marx Brothers' \\"A Night at the Opera\\", it's no more than their \\"A Night in Casablanca\\".  Not a bad place to be, but still with room for improvement.  On the other hand, when compared with the relative merits of \\"Spice World\\" (which essentially tried to be the same movie), it's more like \\"Casablanca\\" itself.  What we have here is a movie that is most definitely better than it has any right to be.<br />Going in, I was expecting to notice many Marx Brothers comparisons.  That's the hype, anyway.  Now, John does a credible Groucho, trying to poke holes in all the hot air balloons he sees.  His reply to the notion that the place is surging with girls (\\"Please sir, sir, can I have one to surge me sir, please sir?\\") is Grouchovian at its most bratty.  And Paul manages to pull of a neat Zeppo impression (not the best brother to emulate, mind you; but to be fair, Paul is much more integral to the plot and gets off more wicked lines than Zeppo ever did).  But George and Ringo don't follow the template at all.  George is deadpan all the way, letting the surreality of the situations he finds himself in slide neatly off his back.  When noticing Ringo's ire at a stagehand messing with his drums, George logically notes that \\"he's very fussy about his drums, you know, they loom large in his legend.\\"  Ringo, for his part, is cast as the put-upon little brother of the band.  Many jokes are aimed directly at his whopping proboscis, and his lack of physical stature.  It's all given him an inferiority complex.  No wonder he plays the drums.  \\"It's me active compensatory factor,\\" he says.  The boys are at their best when they play the scenes straight.  There's nothing worse than a ham actor laughing at his own (scripted) joke.  Thankfully, that's kept to a minimum here.  They don't have the prodigious comedic talents of the Marx's (who does), but they certainly have enough to pull off the wonderful comedy in this script.<br />The Fabs are ably supported by a fine group of comedic actors.  Wilfred Brambell is a suitably hammy as Paul's mischievous (and clean!) Grandfather.  He even gets some fine scenes all to himself, most notably in the Casino and the police station.  Norman Rossington and John Junkin are the doctors in the Beatlemania asylum (a.k.a. the road managers) and hold the fort well.  In a smaller role, Victor Spinetti is funny and quite creepy as the prima donna TV director.  All of these actors/characters serve the movie well, in that even though the situations are far-fetched, they are always grounded within the narrative enough to not seem completely ludicrous.<br />Besides the comedy, the movie's strength is, of course, the music.  Luckily that, even during their early days, the Beatles wrote an abundance of perfect pop songs with which to pepper the soundtrack.  The title song opens the action wonderfully, as we follow the boys fleeing from a throng of fans.  The \\"Can't Buy Me Love\\" scene in the field is full of infectious energy, topped off with a great punchline (George's comment to a scolding busybody: \\"Sorry we hurt your field mister.\\")  Also great are the \\"Should Have Known Better\\" scene in the luggage compartment, and the songs played at the TV taping.  I guess it's not a stretch of the imagination to say that the Beatles were a great band.  But it is nice to be reminded that at this point in their career, there was an exuberance in their writing and playing, that is captured in this film perfectly.
031286504X|5.0|If you only read one fantsy book, read I Am Legend.  From start to finish you cannot close the book.  And that is the strange part.  A great portion of the book is spent with both the reader and the protagonist waiting . . . but it is a wait filled with suspense.  The world Matheson creates is truly a dead world, even more so than the worlds created in books like King's The Stand or McCammon's Swan Song.  It is a dead world in every sense of the word.  On top of the sinister atmosphere created by Matheson you are presented with an interesting philosophical dilemma.  In a world full of monsters, is normalcy the abnormality?  If everyone has gone mad aren't those who are labeled insane actually sane?  This is Matheson's most brilliant, and powerful work out of a body of work that is as impressive as any modern writer of fiction could ever hope to achieve(and when I say that I am including guys like Updike and Nabakov).  Most people who don't read fantasy because it isn't &quot;real&quot; are missing out on a great classic of literature.  So for those of you who think that books of fantasy are best left to children, I urge you, put down your copy of Gravity's Rainbow or Catch 22 and see why books that should have been put in the attic, along with your prom tux and teddy bear, still have a lot to offer as adults.
B000005RTR|5.0|One of the best examples of classic British hard rock, this record shows Whitesnake at its best. David Coverdale's voice is one of the most powerful among all the rock singers, and nicely combines strength and emotion. The rest of the band is at the same level. Ian Paice and Neil Murray form the perfect rithym section, pumping and pulsing. Marsden and Moody guitar playing duo is tight and concise. And Jon Lord, well Jon Lord is Jon Lord. If you like classic hard rock you gotta have this one.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I think Britney has a wonderful voice. I have this album, and I think it is the best album she has ever put out. Baby one more time has a couple good songs, but the rest aren't as good. Oops!..I did it again has all of her best songs! I think everone should own the magic in this album!
B00004Z4WR|5.0|This is a great popcron movie. At first, I rented this dvd from Blockbuster. I didn't expect anything since it've got plenty of bad reviews from critics. Surprisingly I really enjoy watching this movie. I just bought it from Amazon two weeks ago. Watch it again and again. It's packed with not only action but also comedy, drama, and some romance. I highly recommend this dvd to everyone. Don't listen to critics. See by yourself.
0446608955|5.0|Landon Carter is 17 years old and about to step into the shoes of the man he is going to become. The year is 1958 and Jamie Sullivan is the minister's daughter. Jamie doesn't quite fit in with the rest of the kids but that's because she is mature beyond her years. Her optimistic and cheerful personality is never ending, and she is prone to giving a helping hand to all those in need. She has faith in God's plan and is only too happy to share that with those around her. She carries her Bible wherever she goes and Landon and his friends enjoy making jokes about her and her strange ways.<br />When Landon is paired with Jamie for the main role in the Christmas play he realizes just how special she is, what follows is the most endearing love story I have read in a very long time. It is through his selfless love of Jamie that Landon becomes the man he has become today. I will not spoil the ending for you, but theirs is a fated love that ends triumphantly, it's effects reaching out to touch the people of this small North Carolina town.<br />This book warmed my heart. You will love these characters to the point that you feel their joy as well as their sadness. You will cry along with them for their losses and you will cheer them on as they forge ahead. This is a wonderful book and certainly worth your time.
B00003CX95|4.0|Most people already know this is an outstanding movie and a MUST have for your DVD library. The main reason I did not give it 5 stars was because it focused to much on the battlefield. This is what most people are looking for, including myself. However as I watched the movie (first time 12/23/00) I found myself quite fascinated by the history of Scotland, England, Ireland and France. The movie left me with more questions as to the relationships of those 4 regions back in the 13th century, and how they came to be where they are now. Of course this movie could not go into all of those areas or it would be a 10 hour movie. However the 28 minute making of Braveheart clip, as well as Mel Gibsons commentary throughtout the movie (second time I watched), cleared up many of my questions. Still I find myself scouring the internet looking for more information on William Wallace. For a movie to have peaked my interest that much in a subject surely accomplished what it tried to do and then some....
B00004XONN|5.0|When I heard the first track, I knew that this was nothing like anything that has come out in the last quarter-century.  You have to go back to Jimi Hendrix to hear music like this.  While some may not get it, I don't think that's the point.  The point is to feel the music, let it move you.  If you're looking for a change from today's assembly line bands and music, you have reached the Holy Grail.  For when it rains, it pours.
B00001P4RI|4.0|I have to admit...I was at first..well...not amused.  How? Why? What exactly is Brendan doing?  I waited what seemed to be forever for a solo from this beautiful voice... I suffer through every wierd song that Lisa drones in Dead Can Dance just to get to the songs when HE sings.  It is because of Brendan that I listen to Dead Can Dance and seperate him from her and you get this.  Yet I could not help but wonder upon first listen what it was that I was listening to.  The music is gone.  You are simply left with his voice....and isn't that why you listen to him?  But I cannot help to think that DCD is at one end of the spectrum and this first solo is completely at the other end of it.  A much better album would bridge the gap and combine his gorgeous voice with some musical accompiament.  Yet, I cannot help but to be thankful that at least this album exists and I would never trade it away for anything.
0679441018|2.0|Anne Rice was clearly bursting with pride at her novel and radical novels set forth in &quot;Memnoch the Devil,&quot; so much so that she never really bothered to put much of a plot in. When you've got the devil as a nice guy telling the true story of the Fall and Lestat meeting Jesus, why would anyone need more?<br />And, judging by the reviews here, I guess the Anne Rice True Believers don't. But for those of us who don't find the core concepts of &quot;Memnoch the Devil&quot; all that radical -- lord knows that they've shown up enough in genre fiction, television, movies and comics for the novelty to wear off -- tend to find &quot;Memnoch the Devil&quot; so thin, it's transparent.<br />Even the gawd awful &quot;Taltos&quot; didn't wean me off Anne Rice, but &quot;Memnoch the Devil&quot; finally did. I winnowed down my collection of her books to the really good ones and &quot;Memnoch&quot; didn't merit a moment's thought.<br />Borrow this from the library if you feel you absolutely must read it.
B00001P4RI|4.0|I have to admit...I was at first..well...not amused.  How? Why? What exactly is Brendan doing?  I waited what seemed to be forever for a solo from this beautiful voice... I suffer through every wierd song that Lisa drones in Dead Can Dance just to get to the songs when HE sings.  It is because of Brendan that I listen to Dead Can Dance and seperate him from her and you get this.  Yet I could not help but wonder upon first listen what it was that I was listening to.  The music is gone.  You are simply left with his voice....and isn't that why you listen to him?  But I cannot help to think that DCD is at one end of the spectrum and this first solo is completely at the other end of it.  A much better album would bridge the gap and combine his gorgeous voice with some musical accompiament.  Yet, I cannot help but to be thankful that at least this album exists and I would never trade it away for anything.
0446677450|3.0|I never did figure out who these two dads were until I read the Amazon review.  I'm sure the author clarified who these two dads were at ONE place in this book, but when I missed it, this distraction stayed with me until I read the Amazon review.<br />The points made in the book are worthwhile and newsy, but my initial confusion concerning who these two dads were, threw me off the track throughout the complete book.  These authors did me no favors.  This book is a &quot;what is&quot; and not a &quot;how to.&quot;  Maybe reading it a second time in a serious frame of mind would be more useful.  My initial reaction upon buying this book was that it would be a comfortable read. But it turned out for me to require much more concentration than I was willing to put forth and that is most likely the reason why I missed so much of its presentation.  <br />This book would better serve the reading public if it were presented as a serious textbook and not in the casual paperback format that it is.<br />The cash flow diagrams starting on page 62 are worthless!  They are always confusing everywhere they appear because there is NO explanation for any of them.  I'm sorry, but I need a sentence or two of the authors imparting their version of what I, the reader, am to understand from their cryptic diagrams.  Most authors provide explanations in textbooks, so why do these authors fall short on this expected detail?  The authors seem to want the reader to put their own interpretation to each diagram, which is a big reason why I rate this book no better than 3 stars.<br />I noticed that this year there is a shortage of recent financial works to choose from and that is probably the reason why this book has been so popular. <br />You may write me at capstoneec@aol.com if you want to contact me directly.
B00000BKDV|5.0|Great voice, great stories.  &quot;Still Life&quot; is my favorite.  What exactly is going on in the story?  The way I understand it some guy has got a couple of aliens at the bottom of his backyard pool and gradually they convince the guy to join them down there.  God, I love Maiden.....
B00003CXDG|2.0|I'm a huge John Woo fan and I enjoyed many of Tom Cruise's films. After seeing Broken Arrow and Face/Off, I truly believed Woo will be able to make top notch action flicks like he used to back in Hong Kong. However, even the most spectacular action sequences in the world can not make up for shallow minded storylines that seem to be a symptom suffered by many big-budget Hollywood productions these days. Rumor has that the original uncut version of Mission Impossible 2 turned out to be over 3 hours long and received an R-rating. This was not very marketable during the extremely competitive summer season where young teenagers made up the mass majority of the movie goers. Another fact was that John Woo was not involved with the editing at all. So you eliminate a hour worth of original storylines and cut out every sequences showing any sign of blood from a John Woo film. What do you have left? A piece of fancy looking garbage that will forever haunt the reputation of Woo as a masterpiece action film director.
B0000027RL|5.0|Ten, not only defines the grunge &quot;thing&quot; but modern rock as we know it. This album is filled with a range of emotions including anger, joy, adolescnet depression, and the horror of modern society. Throughout the album are many suprises for many first time PJ listeners, such as &quot;porch', an immaculately strong point on the album. From the bellowing of Eddie in the rage filled &quot;Alive&quot;, into the calm, harmonies of &quot; Black&quot;. This album is a pure work of Greatness.
0671034065|4.0|This is my first Linda Howard novel and I was plesantly surprised.  The book is a very quick read and keeps you hanging on nonstop, even though I figured out who the killer was long before it was revealed.  I loved the banter between Jaine and Sam as well as their sexual tension.  These two are really HOT!!  I look forward to reading more from Linda Howard.
B0000029D1|5.0|This album pairs Philly homeboy Stanley Clarke with perhaps the only drummer in jazz fusion who could play with him and not be overpowered: Billy Cobham. Worth the price for the tour de force version of &quot;School Days&quot; alone, it also contains a powerhouse version of Cobham's &quot;Stratus&quot;. The version of &quot;School Days&quot; clocks in at over 21 minutes and amazingly contains not a single wasted note.
B00003CXE7|5.0|To begin, this movie is visually stunning.  Upon seeing it in the theaters, scenes like the overhead shot of Rome and the colisseum simply leave the audience in awe.  The DVD is excellent as well.  Russel Crowe (Maximus) does a great job convincing us he is moral man with values, fighting  against a corrupt government and emporor.  However it was Jaoquin Phoenix (Commodus) who really caught my attention.  His role as a tortured soul, who never felt loved by his father (Marcus Auerlius) even in his youth, echoed throughout the film.  He is extremely convincing in his hatred and jealousy for Maximus.  This film greatly parrelled the earlier epic &quot;Fall of The Roman Empire&quot; starring Sofia Loren (who played Lucilla).  I recommend that film to anyone who loved Gladiator, as it had a direct influence on this film, including characters and plot.
B000002WYT|5.0|The combination of the best of jazz, rock, and down-home Charlottsville, VA cannot be beat.  This group is the real McCoy.  It goes where noone has gone before.  Kudos!
B000002TYK|5.0|When I first heard that Dave Grohl did this entire CD by himself, I was completely floored and had to hear it from myself. I remember from his Nirvana days that he was given the title of &quot;best drummer out there&quot;, but I had no idea the power of his voice, that he could play guitar and bass, and do this all so well!! This is an incredibly well made CD for just *one* man. Every single track is as diverse from the next, similiar to all the other foo albums. This is absolutely amazing and Dave Grohl deserves all the credit in the world.
0671775308|4.0|This book provides a fascinating summary of the buying habits, lifestyle, and jobs of the wealthiest group of Americans (the authors define wealthy as a net worth of $1 million or more). The emphasis in the book is that the average millionaire is most likely your own unassuming neighbor who runs his own small business, lives in a &quot;regular&quot; house, doesn't take exotic vacations, has a strict home budget, and tends to buy a used car. The authors's analysis is sometimes statistical, but not overly so, and certainly easy to understand by non-statistical types (like me! :&gt; ). The ultimate point of the book is that if you want the financial success of being one of the top 1%, you need to live below your means and save money wherever you can - purchases, taxes, etc. I really enjoyed the book and found it to be a good read and an easy read. I picked up a number of tips fromthe habits of millionaires on saving some money (the authors say the average millionaire knows where ever dollar goes!) I recommended it to several coworkers, each of whom enjoyed it as well. (Perhaps if I were to follow the principles in the book, I would have offered to sell my own used copy for a few bucks to one of them! ;&gt; ). For [theinexpensive price on] the paperback, you won't be disappointed.
B000002UKS|5.0|There are not many CDs that I want to buy for more than one track. However, the three released tracks (everlong, my hero, and monkeywrench) were all so catchy that I was singing them in my head for almost a year before I bought this CD. This is a rock album where all the tracks have actual meaning and they all make you feel different emotions (my hero is actually about grohl's former bandmate Kurt Cobain and you can actually hear the anger and sadness in his voice). I can not praise Dave Grohl's musical talent enough. He, in my opinion, is the most talented musician out there. This is CD is absolutely amazing.
B00004Z459|5.0|This CD is absolutly amazing. I got into Linkin Park back in June, and have been a huge fan ever since. Chester, the lead singer, is from here in Arizona, and he has an increcible voice! The lead singer who does most the raping, Mike, has huge talent in the raping department. Songs like &quot;Paper Cut&quot;, &quot;A place for my head&quot;, and &quot;With you&quot; are some of the best on the CD. It is a great mix of Rock, Hip Hop, and Electonica, with not one bad song on the CD. I have seen Linkin Park in concert twice already, and they're live shows blow me away. Each song sounds just as good, if not better then the studio version. I think every person out there owes it to themselves to pick up the CD of the year by this group, Linkin Park.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I can't believe that there are those so arrogant to give this less than 5 stars...I dare you to name a better film in the past year...undoubtley, those who would try, would lose all respect and credibiltiy.  This movie is soo good, not only see it but it has to be in your collection!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is the best album ever! I have to have to have to have it! Everyone needs it!
B000002J09|5.0|The year was 1971 and Led Zeppelin had already released three previous albums.  Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, and Jim Morrison were all dead at the age of 27.  It seemed the world of rock was going downhill.  Then Led Zeppelin 4 was released and people were amazed, it was like no other album they had ever heard before. With the great vocals of Robert Plant, ripping guitars of Jimmy Page, keyboard and bass guitar alternations by John Paul Jones, and the drumming from John Bonham (Bonzo) that was like no other.  Led Zeppelin showed a mix of music with a soft side like &quot;Going to California&quot;, &quot;The Battle of Evermore&quot;, and the most requested song in radio history &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot;.  Then they rocked it out with &quot;Rock n Roll&quot;, &quot;Blackdog&quot;, &quot;Misty Mountain Hop&quot;, and When the Levee Breaks&quot;.  People embraced the music of Led Zeppelin since some of the greatest rock n roll stars were dead. This album took rock and roll to the extreme, and has stood the test of time selling 23 million copies.
B00003CXE6|4.0|Overall, Gladiator was a good movie, though it did have it's problems.  For one, it passed itself off as an action flick and turned out to be more or less a drama.  With a title like Gladiator, you'd expect more than 5 good fighting scenes over the course of two and a half hours.  The fight scenes were good, except the camera wouldn't say on one spot long enough.  It was very dizzying and jumpy.  The veiwer got the idea of what happened, but missed out on a lot of detail.  The conversation with his friend about each other's families was just a tad too much foreshadowing for the ending.  The ending was very nicely done, one of the best parts of the movie as he's making his way into the Elysium Fields.  Between fights, it was just a lot of dialouge.  Not unnecessary dialough exactly, but presented in a rather bland manner.  Commodus shouldn't have been written so whiny and cowardly, and Maximus should've showed more of the emotion that was obviously present in him.  A good movie worth seeing, but don't watch it with any prior expectations.
B000051VWW|5.0|Back after 8 years away, this album was well worth the wait, from &quot;By Your SIde&quot; to &quot;Every Word&quot; to &quot;Immigrant&quot; and &quot;Slave Song&quot; this album is full of issues that are sometimes and often looked over. From slavery, to lying and cheating, to not loving someone enough, and racial bigatry. Smooth and sultry vocals, soothing instruments, this is an album to have for anyone.
B00004XOWM|5.0|What is wrong with all you people out there who don't like this album. The man is speakin the truth and in fact he tells you why he uses that word so many times. Not for the easily offended. This LIMPBIZKIT CD KIX. They got sweet beats,a dn every kind guitar playin ud want. Weather ur a punk lookin for some heavy sound, a soft more mellowish ska, or Even a rap type. THIS CD IS FOR U. I see wat you guys are sayin I mean Rollin isn't that great and neither is My generation. But THE REMIX OF ROLLIN IS SWEET, and everything else is pretty good too.HEy if u like LB this CD is for u!
6303149200|5.0|This movie has it all. Paganism... horror... Brit Eckland doing a naked fertility dance... and Christoper Lee, dressed as a woman, leading a parade of animal costumed geeks. All of the makings of a great B-movie. What elevates Wicker Man above the usual B-movie genre is the ending.  The suprise ending of Wicker Man hits a homerun, in the bottom of the ninth, with all the bases loaded. I've shown this movie several times and nobody ever guesses the ending.  Trust me, this is a classic.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie stands next to Titanic as the best movie in the past five years and should cruise into the Oscars with at least ten nominations and leave with the Best Picture Award.  Crowe's performance is magnificent as is Richard Harris's as a dying Caesar.  This movie is a display of cinmatic beauty and should be a part of everyone's movie collection.
6304806426|5.0|The English Patient is one of the best crafted movies of the last years.All aspects of the film are outstanding: acting, cinematography, score,script,art direction. The chemistry between Fiennes and Scott Thomas is superb and  the core of the movie. I have to agree that this movie is worth all its twelve oscar nominations and nine wins. Rarely you see a movie so well executed.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Este disco no tiene nada nuevo, entonces por que lo compran? Muy sencillo, pues porque es un disco de los Beatles, suficiente. La banda mas grande de todos los tiempos, quienes cambiaron el concepto de musica popular durante el siglo XX, entran al siglo XXI con la misma fuerza que tuvieron en aquel 9 de febrero de 1964, fecha en la que irrumpieron en este pais. Los fab four ya tienen su puesto en la historia, asi que hay que sentarse tranquilamente a oirlos y dejar que el tiempo siga su marcha, asi, como si nada.
B00003CXDG|4.0|In a world full of people with nothing better to do than bad mouth a movie that, in the first place they could never make themselves, i have but one thing to say &quot; If you haven't tried making or acting in a movie, don't comment on the people who can&quot; MI2 is much better than the first at least Cruise does seem human in the movie, he does bleed and get hurt(not like james bond movies were bond always seems to beat rivals bigger and stronger than him)Don't get me wrong bond movies have there place just like x-men, the perfect storm, star wars... Compare apples with apples, oranges with oranges...MI2 has great action scenes and a believable love story(love at first site). Just remember it's make believe, sit down, relax and enjoy.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|I can't see the movie on DVD.  Same problem as others have had.  It starts with the FBE warning and stays there.  You can't get past it.  Only way out is to eject the DVD unseen.  Stupid.  I've tried 4 copies from Blockbuster and Hollywood Video with same results.  I even tried it on my computer DVD and it hangs up.<br />Somethings wrong here.<br />I going to return the DVD and get the VHS.
B00004RF8J|5.0|\\"Little Shop of Horrors\\" is a piece of work. In the story of a geeky shopboy, an abused girl, a wicked dentist, and one hungry plant, everything flows together smoothly. The story, first a cheapy B-film, then an Off-Broadway musical success before landing in this film, is ridiculously off-beat - so peculiar that it makes perfect sense and is incredibly fun. Alan Menken and Howard Ashman put together a memorable lot of songs that are bested by nothing else. Most notably, `Suddenly, Seymour' and `Somewhere That's Green' ooze with the stuff that dreams are made of. Rick Moranis is wonderfuly pathetic as Seymour, and it's surprising how well he can actually sing. Stealing the show, however, is the delightful Ellen Greene as Audrey. Her voice is sharp enough to etch into Baccarat crystal and then some. It's no wonder they carried her over from the original production. Whenever Audrey is on screen, nothing falls flat - but that's redundant because this film never falls flat. Speaking of the original production, this film strayed from it quite a bit. I'm sure no one gives a hoot about revising one song into another and cutting some altogether - However there is much controversey surrounding the infamous Alternate Ending. That is the only thing keeping this disc from the most prominent spot in my collection. The alternate - and orginal ending consisted of Audrey and Seymour being devoured by the plant and Audrey II rampaging the city. Test audiences booed it, prompting the change. The original DVD didn't have the final product of this ending either - just a black and white workprint. Allegedly, for an anniversary down the line, David Geffen will rerelease the film in theatres with this ending. Until then, the otherwise wonderful disc is devoid of one vital bonus.
B000009VOL|4.0|First time hearing this I wasn't terribly impressed, but after I realized it wasn't going to speed up and I actually paused and listened to the words, it really grew on me.  The gentle melodies are comforting, and her voice is edgy and beautiful.  A very calm collection, almost disturbingly so... I'd reccomend this to those who are willing to sit and ponder peacefully.
6300215814|5.0|\\"Breakfast At Tiffany's\\" is and always will be one of the crowning achievements in cinema for the 1960s. Though Truman Capote desperately wanted Marilyn Monroe for the part of Holly Golightly, it went to Audrey Hepburn, who defines perfection. Ms. Hepburn brought such class and sophistication to the part, but was still able to convey the second layer of insecurity. Early on in production, she was afraid she couldn't do it, but no one will ever say she failed with this film. The supporting cast is tragically out-shined, as they are all exceptional in their roles, but it's hard to live up to Audrey's accidental wonder. The film takes many liberties from the novella, including a different ending - which changes the meaning of the story completely - but the film doesn't suffer. Holly, in the book, is caught forever in the dance she does, going around looking to belong but never finding her rainbow's end. In the film, she finally completes her cycle when she realizes that she belongs with Paul, her huckleberry friend. This film is a tragedy, a romance, a comedy, and just about every other genre melted together, forging a film that is heart-breakingly real.
6301174240|4.0|Made when Michael Jackson was the biggest superstar in the world and before all that tabloid attention.<br />To start off with, it features a video medley of all his greatest hits from when he was in the Jackson 5 and his solo career, then it moves on to the actuall hour-long movie, full of music and killer-coriography by non-other than the man himself.<br />Most of the soundtrack is from his newest album at the time 'Bad', ofwhich 'Smooth Criminal' is the theme tune, though it does include tracks like 'Thriller', 'Billie Jean', Blame It On The Boogie' and 'Man In The Mirror', not to mention an extremly good cover of the Beatles' 'Come Together'.<br />The entire movie in itself is a bit of a mess, but fans will love it for it's great music and dance.
0679441018|5.0|This the fifth in the author's vampire chronicles, and it is a verydifferent reading experience.  The beautiful and strong vampire, Lestat finds himself stalked by someone or something terrifying and sinister.  The shadowy figure is Memnoch, an archangel evicted from heaven when he challenged God's indifference to the suffering of humanity.  Memnoch is horrified by the anguish and pain of the human condition.<br />Rice cleverly has Memnoch seek out Lestat and it is their conversations that make up the bulk of the story.  Memnoch takes Lestat through a verbal history of heaven and hell and leaves the reader bowled over by the sheer courage of Rice's writing.  She has created a vision of creation and salvation with such lucidity and power that I thought about the book long after I read the last page.  This is the strength of this book.  It leaves you pondering our existence, the prophecies of the Bible, and the strength of Satan.<br />The dialogue is beautifully written, Lestat's character continues to be fleshed out and Rice pushes the boundaries of fiction and religion.  The indifferent God is such a plausible one that I felt some relief.  If humanity is completely responsible for what happens to them, it is much more reassuring than the image of a benevolent God who picks and chooses who will have an easy life and who will face repeated tragedies and hardships.
B000002UV9|4.0|I remember listening to this album on cassette, I was a poor college kid without a CD player, and being a little unimpressed with the songs except for &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot;.  A never would have imagined that a song from Queensryche would become as popular as it did.  This song and &quot;Anybody Listening&quot; raised valid comparisons to Pink Floyd.  Silent Lucidity bears more than a vague resemblance to &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, but having the same composer conducting the orchestra in both songs has something to do with that.  A lot of fans thought that Queensryche had sold out with this album.  Some wanted another concept album and others wanted a less &quot;radio friendly&quot; album.  They proclaimed their desire to make a non-concept album and be given the ability to spread their wings and grow as a band.  This album has some of my favorite Ryche songs, lucidity, jet city woman, and Anybody Listening. This album marked an alarming change in the bands lyrics.  On this album, they seemed to feel that a more open and direct approach was appropriate.  And so, some songs like resistance, empire, and best I can seem a bit too preachy.  My least favorite songs on the album are &quot;hand on heart&quot; and &quot;one and only&quot;, which actually aren't that bad musically, but seem a bit shallow and contrived.  Overall this is a solid album and probably my fourth favorite Queensryche album.
B00004UEDQ|5.0|I don't know if anyone who hasn't been through rehab should be reviewing this movie.  Anyone who has been through it knows that there is as much laughter as there is pain. And for those of you who object to the &quot;stereotypical&quot; characters, I can tell you that there is every kind of person imaginable in rehab.  There were  many painful and dramatic scenes here that balanced out the &quot;zany&quot; ones.  I've been there, and although my facility wasn't quite as nice as this one, this movie was very real to me.
B00004XONN|2.0|band starts off modestly; band gains attention; band gets really good; band attains well-deserved popularity; band gets great; band receives well-deserved respect......<br />band spits on it.<br />this album is a sham.  a perfect example of a group of supremely talented musicians reaching the highest level of worldly fame, where they can do no wrong, and thereafter spending a few addled nights in a studio, eventually releasing to the world (as a sort of grand esoteric, private joke) and album most of our little brothers and sisters could have created.  i speak in hyperbole, of course...but just barely.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The Beatles are number 1 in Billboard this week,beating out the BackStreetBoys new Album,&quot;Black and Blue.&quot; I have listened to there new record,and enjoyed it,but the Beatles will live on forever.27 number 1 hits,and everyone written by the band.
B00003CXE7|4.0|This is a period movie like no other in recent time. If you thought Russel Crowe was good at playing the hero here, then check out Joaquim Phoenix as the proverbial dark horse. It was nice seeing Oliver Reed (R.I.P), and Richard Harris in action again.<br />A really good movie! No boring moment. The ending was just approprtiate. And the score by Hans Zimmer was simply sublime. Its quite needless wasting any more words on this...Seeing is believing.
B00000IN5G|5.0|If you're interested in melodic death metal in the vein of In Flames or Dark Tranquillity, I'm telling you this is as good as it gets. Children of Bodom is absolutely the best band in this field. Every song on this album is awesome, and I would expect nothing less from them. I'd like to point out lead guitarist/vocalist/songwriter Alexi Laiho, who somehow manages to come up with the some of the most brilliant rhythms I've ever heard. If I had to pick standout tracks they would probably be the title track, &quot;Silent Night Bodom Night&quot; and &quot;Children of Bodom&quot;. If you like this cd, find their new cd Follow The Reaper somewhere. (...) doesnt offer it but let me tell you its even more brilliant than Hatebreeder!
B000008H1W|5.0|You know, I have this album and i was just looking around here on amazon for more Tull to put on my wish list. I was very suprized to see that so many people loved this album as much as i do, because when you listen to it, it really isn't a typical album for Tull to make. And if you were to visit Jethro Tull's website, they (the band) say it is one of their LEAST favorite albums. HOW IRONIC! I think we are ALL glad they put it out, even if they were unhappy with it. If you like tull, GET THIS! Trust me here on this one.
B00003CWOL|3.0|I'm a big Kevin Smith fan, and this movie is good based on the fact that he did it alone, but frankly after his brilliant first three films this one was a bit of a letdown. The hilarious dialogue that I loved in his other movies just seemed to be missing in this one, and the plot was also a lot more serious than the dysfunctional love stories of the first three. However, there were funny moments in the film (Affleck and Damon were great as the two angels), and Jay &amp; Silent Bob were awesome as usual, its good to see them featured this much in the movie. However, if you liked this film, check out Clerks, Mallrats and Chasing Amy and see just how much better Kevin Smith really gets.
B00001ZWTT|2.0|what was going through sonnenfelds head when he filmed the third act of this thing? It looks like they cut alot of stuff out of it at for the final.The only thing worth rembering is that glimpse of salma hayeks butt.
B00000IQC8|5.0|At first I was a little hesitant about this movie since it was in black and white, but by the end I really didn't care. The dialogue between the characters, especially the two clerks, is hilariously funny. There are so many little nuances about this film that make it funny, you'll have to find them out for yourself. And the dvd is packed with extras, tons of deleted scenes, an alternate ending, and a commentary. I love Kevin Smith commentaries they always have so much to say about the film. Anyway, buy this, Mallrats and Chasing Amy before you miss out on the best director of our time.
B00004W221|5.0|Rudy is the most inspiring movie ever made.  Watching Sean Astin portray the hardships and every-day struggles that Daniel E. Rudiger had to endure in his blue-collar lifestyle is fufilling, and brings a sense of gratification that is rarely ever equaled. From beginning to end, Rudy is a story of how hard work and determination can overcome some of life's toughest battles.
B00004X01U|3.0|Not a bad cd! Madonna's first album, &quot;Madonna&quot; from 1982-1983 was more inspirational! Madonna's best work to date is &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; and &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. Her most creative is &quot;Erotica&quot; with hit singles as &quot;Deeper and Deeper&quot; and &quot;Rain&quot;. However &quot;Music&quot; lacked the &quot;Madonna&quot; creativity and innovation. I was hoping that &quot;Music&quot; would come with more force than &quot;Ray of Light&quot;.  The &quot;Hey Mr. DJ&quot; phrase from the &quot;Music&quot; single seemed to be stolen from Sweden's The Army of Lover's &quot;Hey Mr. DJ&quot;.  There seems to be some similarities in the rhythms but a nicer use of synthesizers in the latter. If you want great dance music with a unique combination of new wave, synthesizers, pop, exciting rhythms and fun, try &quot;Army of Lovers&quot;.
0553106635|5.0|Where do I begin. This book BLEW ME AWAY. But then again so did the first two books in &quot;A Song Of Ice And Fire&quot; These characters are absolutely vivid and &quot;real&quot; to me. Even in the slower sections of the novel I was intrigued by the character development and was never bored. The plot twists were always exciting and moving. A Storm Of Swords took this brilliant series to the next level and makes the wait for A DANCE WITH DRAGONS absolute agony. I fell in love with the world that Mr. Martin has created from page one. My hat is off to Mr. Martin for creating in my opinion one of the best, if not THE BEST medieval fantasy series ever written. If you love medieval fantasy that reads like a historical novel...DO NOT let this series pass you by.
B00004WGAI|4.0|As others have said Timothy Dalton was excellent here. Actually making me understand some of the dialog that was lost to me in the book, simply by inflection and look. In the first scene where Jane really speaks with him you can see his excitement that Jane just might be what he is waiting for. Really excellent. Real thought was put into the pacing of the dialog and in what context it should be uttered. <br />I first saw the &quot;44&quot; version and then read the book. I was surprised to find that Rochester was a good deal more friendly in the book than that version. Dalton captures the book's vision of him perfectly. While he is far too good looking to ever be considered ugly given how what is *handsome* changes over the ages, I can see him as Rochester. <br />The rest of the production, however, is horribly flawed. Ms. Clark is far too quiet as Jane. She is always looking at the floor! It was hard to see that she loved Rochester and Jane's passion was subdued. She came off as shy. I agree with another reviewer that Charlotte Gainsburg did the best passion burning behind the polite facade Jane. Most of Ms. Clark's lines seemed wispered. Although I agree with the age comments and the hippy dress comments, what bothered me the most was their respective hights. Dalton is at least a foot over her making her look sometimes like a child. Also, the tape to film format was annoying. I was glad when most of the key scenes took place outside in the film. As the bright lighting took almost all realism out of the indoor scenes.  <br />If you can get past the technical problems and the quiet Jane, this will be your favorite. I give it 4 stars for the excellent Dalton performance and staying true to the book.
B000051VQR|5.0|I first listened this CD because a friend borrowed it to me and i think it is a GREAT cd. It just proves that Green day is one of the best alternative bands. Songs such as Warning,deadbeat holiday and Macy's Day Parade are the ones that help define the style of this cd. I hope that anyone who listens to it will get as shocked as me...
1556154844|5.0|Several years ago - after having just started into programming, a coworker with many years of experience in the field told me that I must read this book.  I was pretty hesitant, it looked so long and I had so many other things to learn, but he kept insisting that it would save me from having to learn things the hard way.  So, I broke down and bought it.  Surprisingly, even with it's length - it was extremely easy to read and wow!  What an eye opener.  So many things that seemed like such common sense but that I had never considered.  The book is written so well that even now, years later, I still remember specific points from it.  It changed my coding style completely.  I went from -- well, code that I wouldn't want to admit was mine after reading the book to code that I could come back to after several weeks and still understand -- code that OTHER people could understand even (what a concept!).<br />They say there is a huge difference between good programmers and the mediocre ones and I think this book does an excellent job of capturing a lot of those fundamental principals that good programmers know and use.<br />I really wish there were more books like this.  It's chock full of good coding techniques which will make your code better organized, more readable, easier to maintain and have fewer bugs.  While I do think that people at any level can still find good information in here, I think those programmers who find themselves struggling with the readability and maintainability of their code are the ones that will reap the most benefits from it.  In particular, if you are a programmer just starting out and want to move quickly beyond the junior level stage, this is the book for you.  Don't wait!  It really is worth it.
B00004WGAI|4.0|Oh if only I could go back and fix some of the problems in this version. <br />First, let me just say Timothy Dalton was absolutely excellent here. In the book some of Rochester's dialog is confusing but Dalton's inflection and slow pace really communicated Rochester's meaning. As some have said, he *got* Rochester totally. While objectively he is too good looking, I could look past it because often &quot;what is handsome&quot; changes signifigantly over the ages. Many of the other versions have a Rochester who is either too mean or too dull. Dalton hits the right note of mean exterior to keep him from being hurt. <br />I also adored that they kept almost everything from the book. What they did change was smartly done. For instance breaking up scenes that seemed too long in the book. Cutting out unnecessary dialog while keeping the best parts. <br />Now for the problems, I was frustrated with Ms. Clark. Her Jane seemed too shy. Always looking at the floor and sometimes wispering her lines. The book Jane, I always imagined, spoke forcefully when she did speak. As others have noted, she was also rather old looking and the dresses were horrible. What was more frustrating was that she was so short on Dalton. Some shots she looked like a child. The scene where she ran to hug him and he lifted her up, I walked back into the room late and thought it was Adle. I think I prefered the Charlotte Gainsburg Jane. I needed to see the passion burning -- not shyness. I wanted to see that Jane was just itching to speak. <br />The other big problem was the tape to film switching. I was greatful that most of the big scenes took place outside for the film, but the tape parts looked almost like a play. Like we were switching back and forth from a film to a play. Really took you out of the drama especially with all the light. If only we could combine this script, the cinematography of the &quot;44&quot; version, a Dalton Rochester, a strong Jane and, film, I think the perfect version would be born. <br />Nevertheless this one gets four stars for staying true to the book and the excellent Rochester. Its lengh makes it a good purchase becuase there are at least 10 really excellent scenes to be savored. Many of which are not available in any of the other versions. I can't imagine why the other versions cut the gypsy scene. That was such a delight here.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this CD after I heard &quot;Thank You&quot; and &quot;Here With Me.&quot;  I honestly didn't think it could be as good as those two tracks.  I was so WRONG!! It has got to be one of the best CD's I have ever heard.  I loved how the lyrics were so emotional and sincere.  The music alone leaves you breathless.  I definately reccomend everyone to buy this CD.  This is why we listen to music to begin with!
0780627024|5.0|This is an original and most definately worthwhile film.  If you haven't seen it I strongly reccomend picking it up. <br /> It stars Tobey Maguire (who does an AMAZING job) as David a teen who loveds to watch the LEAVE IT TO BEAVER style television show Pleasantville as an escape from his not so perfect family life.  And his sister Jennifer (Reese Witherspoon) just happens to be in the way when they are magically transported into pleasantville.  David is as happy as can be but Jennifer...well...she isn't. <br /> While David settles into a regular lifestyle there, Jennifer stirs things up a bit around town.  Soon the people are transformed into colour from their feelings inside and some people are predgudiced toward them.  It plays out a bit like history.  Soon David is the one standing up for the people of pleasantville and to find out what happens you'll have to buy this movie.  <br />In a nutshell this is a film about two rebellious teenagers who liberate the people in a conformist society.  once again I strongly reccomend this film!
0812589041|4.0|I read Ender's Game when I was about 12 years old and was ready to build a Battle School (the place where Ender learns strategy).  I just re-read the book and I found lots of weaknesses that I didn't see as a child.  In this book, and more so in the next, it is amazing how little technology advances in thousands of years.  Card is focused on people interactions and skips predicting what the future will be like.<br />Overall, a captivating story about a boy and human interaction with new life, not about a prediction of the future.
0380730405|5.0|I first read this book in the seventh grade and since then it has been a favorite of mine. I have read it several times since then and each time I have grown fonder of it. I found it quite easy to read and understand and love. I think everyone should read this
B00004XONN|5.0|Eccentricity personalizes music, and this music should become personal to you.  The absolute joy that I get out of it, after being unsure at first, is that Radiohead uses the majesty of sound to please the viewer and allows the possibilities of sound to move the listener.  Regardless of decipherability, this sound is an homage to listening, even if its unintended.  Repetition, clutter, high notes, bass notes, speed up, slow down, duration of sound, time signature experimentation, voice modulation, and of coursce ambiguity.  And it is the ambiguity that personalizes it.  You decide.  Still, the lyrics that you can understand, when put together, form a sort of story that progresses in a causal/effect manner.  I'm just fascinated and taken away every time I listen.
B00000K19E|5.0|I cannot say enough about this movie.  It is one of the finest combination of excellent story and amazing cinematography that I have ever seen.  I own both the VHS and the DVD, and I highly recommend the DVD over the VHS.  Why?<br />For starters, DVDs are way easier to navigate.  There are plenty of scenes that you can jump straight to.  For example, I get a kick out of the lobby shooting spree scene, so I can go straight to that scene if I want on DVD, while with VHS I have to wait for it to fast forward.<br />Another plus on the DVD side is that it has TONS more info.  And there are lots of different ways to watch the movie.  You can watch it regularly, or follow the white rabbit and catch behind the scenes clips of the amazing effects, or, and what I consider the nicest attraction, you can watch the entire film WITHOUT dialogue, only with the soundtrack music.  They bring the music to the forefront and turn off the voices, so you pick up on the different intricacies of the movie.<br />As for the HBO Behind the Scenes clips and stuff on bullet-time and basic 'how they did that', that's on the VHS at the end.  <br />Of course, you don't have to be a die hard sci-fi fan to love this story.  I think anyone who is into technology will love it.  And anyone who's ever asked themselves, what if this life is just a joke and there's something beyond this?, will certainly enjoy this film.  <br />SO!  Check it out, buy it, rent it, borrow it, whatever.  Do it on DVD if you have the means to.  You won't regret it.  This DVD was our player's &quot;maiden film&quot;--and an awesome choice.
B00000064G|5.0|The closest thing I can think of to describe the feeling I experience when I listen to this album is that I have come home, found a home, something of that nature.  This music is so comfortable, or comforting might be a better word.  Haunting would also apply.  I am ashamed to say that yes, I first heard of Nick Drake while watching TV.  That VW commercial sparked my interest, but I didn't pursue the song at that time.  It was the Public Radio piece that drove me to Amazon, where I purchased the boxed set that contains Pink Moon  (very extravagant purchase for me, but I felt compelled!).  One of the best, if not the best music purchase I have ever made.  I think Pink Moon supercedes all his other recordings because of it's purity....no embellishments....kind of like I imagine Nick Drake was during his lifetime.  Thanks VW.
B000050FEN|5.0|Se7en is an incredibly powerful, high-quality movie and there are already plenty of terrific reviews on this site to draw upon.<br />I've owned the VHS version of Se7en for years and have  been waiting a long time to add this to my DVD collection. The platinum DVD release is just icing on the cake, quality+. I've owned it for a week now and wish I could rate this 6 out of 5 stars.  Hats off to the crew that re-mastered this for the home theater.  Folks, this is a must-own, period!
B00000K28G|5.0|My first taste of Anathema was their full-length debut, &quot;Serenades&quot;. The heavy, doomy, atomospheric ambience overwhelmed my senses. Well, I've been a fan ever since. Their previous release &quot;Alternative 4&quot; was not up to par by their standards. The songs were weaker and more poppy. But more important, they lacked emotion. &quot;Judgement&quot;(sp) is overridden with emotion. In fact, if the pure beauty of the feedbacky tones of &quot;One Last Goodbye&quot; don't make you shiver you must be a corpse.  Without a doubt, &quot;Judgement&quot; is Anathema's finest hour to date and is an emotional rollercoaster from start to finish. If you like Floydish type metal or any other Anathema album, check this out for sure.
0553577123|5.0|I had the wonderful opportunity to visit Germany and Austria for two weeks (I just got back two days ago, in fact), and one of the most poignant memories was my trip to KLB, or Konzentration Lager Buchenwald. Better known simply as Buchenwald, it was a labor camp filled primarily with political prisoners, Gypsies, Jews, homosexuals and other &quot;untermenschen&quot;, distinguishing it from the death camps of Auschwitz and Dachau. Despite it's nature as a &quot;mere&quot; labor camp, thousands died there and were incenerated in the specially constructed crematorium there (which, ironically enough, was placed in viewing distance of the specially contructed zoo and pleasure zone built for the officers' families). Walking through those silent halls and down the treaded paths of history, I was struck for the first time in my life of the awful truth that was the Holocaust - not simply that 6 million Jews were eradicated, along with millions of others. 6 million is simply a number, &quot;full of sound and fury,&quot; but also &quot;signifying nothing.&quot;<br />To understand the Holocaust (if one can understand such a thing at all), you simply have to look into the cell of a soon to be dead prisoner; to stand in the mustering ground of the prisoners' barracks and feel the hard gravel crunch beneath your feet; to peer into the terrifyingly etched interior of a human oven and let your mind try to wander its way through it all; to imagine, at the end of all other imaginings, what it must've felt like to live HERE. Not 6 million. Just you. Or someone you love.<br />THAT'S why Anne Frank and her diary will live on. Not because it' s a well written example of literary prowess. Not because it has a magnificent plot. Not because it has lasting value as a work of literature. It will live on because it's the voice of so many people who went voiceless, who went into the night, into the dark, to be shot from behind or in front, blindfolded or eyes open, gassed in sterile shower rooms or tortured to death in the name of &quot;science.&quot;<br />I've read some of the reviews here, and the majority of those who gave this book anything less than five stars usually point to the diary's defecincies in the &quot;interesting&quot; section. Time and time again, that's exactly why I found this book to be so engrossing - whatever faults it has comes from the writer not being a writer! She was a girl, on verge of her flowering into womanhood, full of the hopes and dreams and fears we all are at that age. Whatever picture this book paints is one of her, to remind us not only of who she was and that she was real but also to remind us of those 6 million (and more, so many more, in those ghastly 6 years of death) silent voices.<br />The trip to Buchenwald was not totally disenheartening. In the middle of the mustering grounds is a small marker, maybe 4 feet by 4 feet, surrounding by a small collection of flowers and cards. It's made entirely of a steely gray metal, and in the middle of it is a small square with words on it: Albaner, Algerier, Andarraner, Argentinier, Agypter, Belgier, Baenier.... These are the German names of all the nationalities of all the people who died in World War II. They comprise 60 different nationalities. At the bottom is written K.L.B. But the most spectacular thing happened when I touched the plaque - it was warm.<br />It's kept heated, 365 days a year, 24 hours a day, in the depths of winter or in the middle of Germany's summer season, in the memory of all those who died. Our tour guide explained it to me, in his accented English: &quot;It stands for the warmth of those who have passed, the life. They are gone, yet this warmth remains. Life remains.&quot;<br />That's why Anne Frank's diary is what it is: life remains because of it.s or tortured to death in the name of &quot;science.&quot;<br />I've read some of the reviews here, and the majority of those who gave this book anything less than five stars usually point to the diary's defecincies in the &quot;interesting&quot; section. Time and time again, that's exactly why I found this book to be so engrossing - whatever faults it has comes from the writer not being a writer! She was a girl, on verge of her flowering into womanhood, full of the hopes and dreams and fears we all are at that age. Whatever picture this book paints is one of her, to remind us not only of who she was and that she was real but also to remind us of those 6 million (and more, so many more, in those ghastly 6 years of death) silent voices.<br />The trip to Buchenwald was not totally disenheartening. In the middle of the mustering grounds is a small marker, maybe 4 feet by 4 feet, surrounding by a small collection of flowers and cards. It's made entirely of a steely gray metal, and in the middle of it is a small square with words on it: Albaner, Algerier, Andarraner, Argentinier, Agypter, Belgier, Baenier.... These are the German names of all the nationalities of all the people who died in World War II. They comprise 60 different nationalities. At the bottom is written K.L.B. But the most spectacular thing happened when I touched the plaque - it was warm.<br />It's kept heated, 365 days a year, 24 hours a day, in the depths of winter or in the middle of Germany's summer season, in the memory of all those who died. Our tour guide explained it to me, in his accented English: &quot;It stands for the warmth of those who have passed, the life. They are gone, yet this warmth remains. Life remains.&quot;<br />That's why Anne Frank's diary is what it is: life remains because of it.
0800187873|3.0|To me there were some boring parts in this movie but Johnny Depp, Pacino, and Anne Heche elevated the standards.  Normally most movie don't make me feel sad but this one hit me in the heart. Specially at the end.  I could feel the camaraderie between Depp and Pacino even though they were on complete extremes.  The infiltration by Brasco was exciting at all times b/c you never knew when he was going to get &quot;wacked.&quot;  Also the intriguing part about this story is that it was a true story.  That makes the characters and acting seem more real b/c it really happened.  I believe that this is one of Depp's best performances that I've seen and this adds another angle to the mafia underworld.  I wouldn't get this again, but I would surely see it again.
0441003257|5.0|This book has been and continues to be one of those &quot;secret treasures&quot; Peter S. Beagle described in his intro to the Lord or the Rings. Time and time again I can return to it and revel in the zany and irrefutitably wise words of Pratchett and Gaiman. In the same way The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy spoke more eloquently about the human condition than any self help book or guide to spirituality, Good Omens is a jewel of a novel about many things found in the universe, not the least of them being the continual confusion created by the Book of Revelations for some of today's more toned down Bible readers.<br />I am not Christian, but I appreciated the book. In the end, I suppose whatever comments I have can be boiled down to the following:<br />_If there is a God, I'm betting it's the God from Good Omens. The only thing I can't quite figure out is, between Gaiman and Prachett, who wears the shades and who collects the books?_<br />:) Happy reading.
6303029027|5.0|This movie is different than all the other gangster/mafia movies b/c it deals w/other issues instead of the daily struggle of living around that environment.  I thought Robert De Niro did a decent job but the real praise goes to Lillo Brancato who played Robert De Niro's son.  This young actor stole the show from everyone else and put on a show.  I was stunned at how fluent and easy he acted, his actions and emotions seemed realistic.  I continue to recommend this movie to family and friends even though it's not recent.  It has some themes and lessons that anyone can learn from this movie and it's enterataining at the same moment.  Great movie to watch with a girlfriend or close one.
B0000026WD|5.0|When most people think of Michael Jackson's music, the first thing that comes to mind is, &quot;Thriller.&quot;  Not to berate this album or all that it has done for Michael, his career and the music world in general, but the &quot;Dangerous&quot; album is by far one of Michael Jackson's best efforts to date!<br />With Michael's decision to part ways with Quincy Jones, he opened the door to a more raw, aggressive, gritty sound. This decision has morphed Michael from a 1980's icon into a 1990's mega-star!  Michael's 1982 effort, &quot;Thriller&quot; and 1987's &quot;BAD&quot; albums were excellent musical efforts by all music standards, but were heavily pop influenced!  Jackson's decision to recruit singer/songwriter/producer, Teddy Riley allowed Michael to reconnect to his R&amp;B roots and garnish a new legion of fans that he would not have obtained by relying on the same formula that he and Quincy Jones had produced for over a decade.<br />Some of the hightlights from this album would be tracks such as &quot;Jam,&quot; &quot;Why You Wanna Trip On Me,&quot; &quot;Remember The Time'&quot; &quot;Can't Let Her Get Away,&quot; and my all-time favorite, &quot;Who Is It.&quot;  Don't take my word for it, 7 million music lovers can't be wrong!
6300183211|5.0|The is absoulutely the best Pacino movie i've seen in my opinion.  I give De Palma most of the credit to this movie's success and other actors.  This gritty drama focuses around a Cuban immigrant's rise to the top of the cocaine/crime business.  He becomes rich and powerful, what most people want to be in this world and successful.  But at the beginning of the movie he goes through hardships and problems that distract him from achieving his goal.  So in a way most people can relate to this b/c life for most people is an everyday struggle.  And this movie shows that even when you're at the top all things won't go your way.  The end of this movie proves that.  SCARFACE, a classic for all times!
078324228X|3.0|I really did like this movie, infact I probably would have given it 4 or 5 stars if it had been purely fictional and not an attempt to tell a real story. First, the good stuff:<br />Denzel Washington was fantastic, and through this movie, as well as 'Remember the Titans', he has become one of my favorite actors.  Through the course of the movie, he becomes a very likeable character that made you feel intensely angry at the injustice and prejudice that he was victim to. The storyline of the movie was fairly concrete and seamless, and was sure to keep the viewer engrossed in the film.<br />But the major problem with this film was that it portrayed everything in black and white. The idea became simple: Rubin Carter was nothing but good and the police, the courts, and the jurors became nothing but evil.  <br />Very little shades of grey can be found, and as a result it makes this film very one dimensional. And in all honesty, I could deal with that had that been true of the actual events surrounding Rubin Carter's incarceration. But it isn't. In reality there was substantial evidence against Rubin Carter that led to his conviction, almost all of which the film left out. The film also fails to depict Carter as the angry, bitter, and violent person, that even his biography tells us, he was. And while I'm definitely not saying that Rubin Carter did infact murder three innocent people, I am saying that there are two sides to this story. It's just a shame that Mr. Jewison felt it necessary to show only one of them.
6303036570|5.0|After seeing this movie I was surprised by the superb acting and drama scenes that took place.  I love Luis Guzman in this movie and Al Pacino of course.  I also thought that Penelope Ann Miller did a pretty good job with her part.  This movie is up with Scarface and A Bronx Tale in my opinion b/c it focuses on more than one point throughout the movie.  I was never bored during the whole movie and the climax was tremendous.  The whole scene at the Grand Central Station was exhilirating and even though you already knew what was going to happen you couldn't wait to see how it happened.  At the same time I didn't want to see what would happen.  I love Al Pacino and gangster films 4-life, go rent it!
6304698623|5.0|this is an incredibly beautiful movie. the story sequences in mythological india are marvelously done with an air of magic about them. the scenes from minchin's school are either extremely dreary or sadly touching. i dare anyone not to cry whenever you see the angelic sarah's interactions with becky and the other children. the dvd is a good transfer and given its economical price, it is well worth purchasing. if you wish to see a wonderful movie that is not for children only then i recommend you see this.
B000002MFE|5.0|Clapton puts forth a number of great songs on the album.  There are two solos that would be hard to match anywhere on Old Love and Layla.  There are songs on this album that you oculd listen to over and over again.  Clear out the slot in your CD player because this album will take up permanent residence there.
B000002GFC|4.0|Somehow through the scratches and pops on my 30+ year old vinyl version, the energy and power of Cream comes through better than on this CD digital version.  Still, has there ever been a better live guitar rif than 'Crossroads'?  No - never.  The Best.
0380730405|4.0|My Cousin Rachel, in my opinion, is DuMaurier's finest work.  Rebecca, again in my opinion, is her second best.  I drank in every word; I couldn't put the book down.  The incredibly spooky housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, who hated Rebecca, made my skin crawl.  It was Mrs. DeWinters this and Mrs. DeWinters that; she never let Rebecca forget that, so far as Mrs. Danvers was concerned, the first Mrs. DeWinters was still a presence in that house and always would be.  The most dramatic moment in the book, for me, was when the meek Rebecca, for the first time, finally stood up to Mrs. Danvers, looked her straight in the eye, and said, emphatically, &quot;I am Mrs. DeWinters now!&quot;  I saw the movie before I read the book.  It was surprisingly true to the book, and I thought Joan Fontaine and Lawrence Olivier were perfectly cast in the leading roles.  I cannot recall the name of the actress who portrayed Mrs. Danvers, but she was superb!  Actually, I would have liked to have given Rebecca 4 1/2 stars, but there is no accommodation for halves in the &quot;How do you rate this book&quot; box.
B00004WKII|5.0|Jimi Hendrix is by far the best ever guitar player and this box set proves it. If you arent the huggest fan of Jimi already, after listening to this you will be. Enjoy.
B000009O8A|1.0|This is quite possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is so over the top, it's like a William Shatner Acting school troupe. The story ridiculous. The lighting bad, the sound bad, the rape scene entirely too long. This movie caters to the lowest common denominator. The only good thing about this movie is that it eventually ends. Dull, banal, sate, misogyny!
B0000041Z3|5.0|Jean Sibelius (1865-1957) enjoyed during his lifetime a level of adulation few composers have ever known. From roughly 1920 until the mid-40s, Sibelius, at least in Scandinavia, England and America, was revered as the world's greatest living musical genius, and his symphonies were acclaimed as the equal of Brahms' and second only to Beethoven's. His birthday is a national holiday in Finland and his 70th birthday gala was attended by the presidents of each Scandinavian country (including Denmark). His music was among the most frequently performed anywhere in the world. Winston Churchill sent him cigars. Ormandy and the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra made a trip in the dead of the Finnish winter to visit the 90 year old Sibelius at his isolated home, Ainola, which is now a national monument. It was with the arrival of Virgil Thomson at the New York Herald Tribune in 1941, however, that the surprisingly rapid descent of Sibelius' reputation began, and it has never again come close to the heights it achieved in the first half of the 20th century.<br />Since the 1960s, Mahler's music has claimed the place once occupied by Sibelius'. Given, Sibelius' symphonies weren't typically greeted with the near-religious awe Mahlerians feel for their Master's, but only Mahler achieved in the post-war era what Sibelius had during the pre-war. It is interesting to compare their music. Personally, Mahler and Sibelius are two of my favorite symphonists, though their approach to symphonic form and their orchestral philosophies couldn't have been more disparate. A famous conversation took place between the two in 1907 in which Mahler said the symphony should be like the entire universe, vast and all-encompassing, while Sibelius stated that he was always striving for perfection in form and flawless symphonic architecture (these aren't verbatim quotes). Their differing philosophies are reflected in their lives: while Mahler died at 50, his Tenth symphony incomplete and his life in tatters,Sibelius made peace with both the world and himself, and spent the last thirty years of his life in musical silence, while the world awaited an Eighth symphony that never materialized. Clearly, after the revolutionary Seventh symphony, Sibelius had said all he had to say.<br />Which brings us to Lorin Maazel's cycle of Sibelius symphonies. Many love Colin Davis' justifiably praised cycle with the BSO, but for me, Maazel's is the finest Sibelius cycle. Maazel was young when he recorded these (in his early- to mid-30s), but his interpretations are mature, penetrating and often deeply moving. These recordings range from good to superb, with Maazel's First, Second, Fourth, Sixth and Seventh standing out as absolutely first-rate. The recordings of the Third and Fifth are good, but (for me) don't reach the rarified heights of the others. All in all, this is an excellent Sibelius cycle and the price is amazing. Whether you already love Sibelius' symphonies or have never heard any of them, you won't regret owning this set. Highly recommended.
B00000IUP4|5.0|Our son is almost three and he loves his Brio train collection, which just keeps growing.  This is a wonderful addition to the set as it makes the trains, which kids normally have to push around the track, go by themselves.  <br />It can pull quite a few cars with easy and we were surprised to find that it managed to pull three cars up over the figure eight bridge, which is a fairly steep incline.<br />It is a battery hog, but it is worth it.  It brings the little wooden train set to life.
B00005613Q|5.0|I just got &quot;You Had It Coming&quot; for Christmas, and I must say it is great! It sounds a bit strange at first, but before you know it, you're hooked on the album. Jeff Beck has always been my fave guitarist, and still is. &quot;You Had It Coming&quot; is a sure classic! &quot;You Had It Coming&quot; is definatly a step up from &quot;Who Else!&quot;, and I think is almost right up there with &quot;Blow by Blow.&quot; &quot;You Had It Coming&quot; is one of Jeff Beck's best albums. <br />Track Analysis:<br />Earthquake- This track is a very good opening track, and is even more rock then &quot;Who Else!&quot; was. Very nice song.<br />Roy's Toy- Car sounds are at the beginning of this track, and the beat really gets you hooked on this song.<br />Dirty Mind- A very interesting track, with good guitar wizardry!<br />Rollin' and Tumblin'- I was surprised to hear that there was vocals on this track, but nonetheless, Jeff does a good job on this track. <br />Nadia- Nadia is probably one of the best songs on the album. Jeff does magnificantly switching from bottleneck to fingers. <br />Loose Cannon- Great track. A bit long, but a pleasure to listen to.<br />Rosebud- A fun track to listen to. Jeff seems to have fun with this one.<br />Left Hook- Nice track, great guitar.<br />Blackbird- Great sounds from Jeff's guitar on this track. Very impressive.<br />Suspension- Similar to &quot;Another Place&quot; on &quot;Who Else!&quot; Very nice track though, and very pleastant to listen to.
0790729652|3.0|Sorry. Just watched the, so called, widescreen version on DVD...and neither side of the DVD had the widescreen version. Both sides were anamorphic. Buyer BE-WARE! I was very disappointed!<br />I know it's older, but the picture quality was grainy and the sound was NOT 5.1 Dolby. Pls note that we are blessed with a top-rated home theater system and we watch and enjoy movies ALOT.We also watched Ghostbusters yesterday on an HBO HDTV broadcast and it was absolutely beautiful and it is 5 years older than Batman.<br />I agree. This was the best Batman movie ever made. I love Keaton and Nicholson in it. I'm just so sad tht it is such a lousy transfer. Just be ready.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I was stunned how serious this film brought the comic to life. There also were many quotes and moments that become even better, if you know the comic. I don't think it is a good idea to make movies out of comic books but this time and with one or two Tim Burton movies, too, it worked very well. Anna Paquin, Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen are absolute convincing, justifying every modification made on the character. Even ruce Davison was great and let no doubt about the sincerity of his action occur. The only thing that bothered me a little was that - at least in the german dubbed version of the film - small touch of &quot;arrogant right hand&quot; put onto Cyclops but here, too, I think fans of the comic book now better. Although he always said to be no fan of the comic, Bryan Singer seemed to have made a film full of love for the material making that over the top characters like Magneto or Sabretooth appear serious and true. &quot;X-Men&quot; stands way above the usual superhero flicks in character and plot development but also doesn't try to look more real through cutting superpowers to a more realistic level. And for the visual expressiveness, seeing someone carrying a tray with glasses of champaign in Wolverine's dream or Professor Xavier graciously standing up from a chair inside Kelly's memories are just two little details of many, where the action movie grows to be art. I surely can't wait to see Beast or Gambit in action but for a sequel it would also be an idea to concentrate more on the characters that are standing on the side line in the first movie like Storm or Cyclops. After all &quot;X-Men&quot; is a great piece of film, fun to watch and almost flawless in portraying some of the greatest comic heroes of all times and lets recent superhero flicks like &quot;Batman &amp; Robin&quot; look even more hollow than they already are. I hope, their will be more films like &quot;X-Men&quot; in the future but I also hope, that Marvel understands that there is a big difference between the movies and the comic books and don't repeat the mistake of letting a film change an already existing comic like they did with &quot;Blade&quot;.at there is a big difference between the movies and the comic books and don't repeat the mistake of letting a film change an already existing comic like they did with &quot;Blade&quot;.
B00003CWTI|4.0|It's funny. It took me three tries to get past the first 5 minutes of this movie...it was so chaotic, that it irritated me. Once I made myself sit through it...I began to see what it was there for. I had to watch the &quot;making of&quot; DVD,too. That helped.<br />I'm still angry at P.T for not scripting dialogue...I think that's terribly lazy...He has big broad storyline ideas and his producer sees to it that he has the finest in cinematographers, etc. but, P.T. is not a writer, per se. He may be a visionary, but not a writer.<br />I understand now why he made the movie..I guess the most complimentary thing I can say to you about it is that I suddenly realized while watching it that MY LIFE could have been one of those stories up on the screen and it hit me squarely between the eyes and right in the gut.<br />Work on your dialogue, P.T.<br />Onward...<br />JW
0789723107|5.0|Another design book in the same light as Jakob Nielsen's, but this one is different!! Outstanding. Thanks for making me think differently! :). I really enjoyed this book and found the prose very engaging and thought provoking (even though the title is &quot;Don't make me think.&quot; Good job.
630542845X|5.0|I watched this movie on a whim, prior to reading any reviews.<br />I cried. And I laughed. And I cried while laughing. And in end had no doubts that everyone would fall in love with this movie.<br />Then I read reviews, most snobbishly negative. I was stunned. Who *cares* about technicalities if the movie can MOVE you? And if you have a heart, it will.<br />Buy it, put your critic's hat aside, and watch it from your heart. Feel it, involve yourself - don't wait to be entertained as if it were some shallow, action-adventure flick.<br />For those of you who hated it, I'd ask that you watch the deer-kill scene over again. There's a lesson in there for you: open your heart.
0804106304|4.0|The Joy Luck Club is a classic book in Twentieth Century American Literature, and Asain-American literature. It follows the lives of four Chinese women in China during the 40's as well as their American-born daughters in California a generation later. The characters are Suyuan Woo and her daughter Jing-mei (who goes by &quot;June&quot;), An-mei Hsu and her daughter Rose Hsu Jordan, Lindo Jong and her daughter Waverly, and Ying-ying St. Clair and her daughter Lena. It is almost like a book of short stories, because each woman (and daughter) takes a turn or two at telling a story from her life. Each story eventually connects with other stories, but they can also be read alone and make complete sense. Four stories are grouped into one category, so they all are placed into fitting themes. The first grouping is under &quot;Feathers From a Thousand Li Away&quot;, and deal with the mother's stories of living in China. The next is &quot;The Twenty-Six Malignant Gates&quot;, in which the daughters are introduced and each speaks about her life as an Asian-American, and how each incorporates the legends, stories, and tradition of their mother's countries with modern life in their own. The third grouping is &quot;American Translation&quot;, which delves furhter into the complications of living in two worlds at once. The last grouping is &quot;Queen Mother of the Western Skies&quot; and deals with issues of aging and the loss of innocence.<br />Tan's writing style is quite simplistic but the issues she addresses are important and deep. During the reading of this book one can grasp the contrasts between China and America, and can sense the problems and excitement of a Chinese mother raising an American daughter in a completely different environment than that in which she grew up, as well as being that Asain-American daughter. Another theme addressed in this book is that of mother-daughter relationships. All the relationships in this book are strained, and the women involved misunderstand and misinterpret one another because of the cultural differences even though they have genetic similarities.<br />I am glad I read this famous and often-talked-about book, however the writing style was so simple and the plots so easy to follow that I wish I had read it earlier. I think it would be a good book for teenagers, but if you are an adult who has never read it, I also recommend it to you. The issues addressed within it are timeless and thought-provoking.
6300215512|5.0|This is the Best Movie of all time (after Titanic) Gloria Swanson as Norma Desmond is brilliant! Her acting is marvelous, and she is very believable! She plays an old film star who still thinks people love her, even though they have forgotten about her. She is crazy and creepy all rolled up into one remarkable proformance! This movie is in black and white, but it's better like that then it would have been in color. This movie is demented and crazy, and I like it! I highly highly recommend this movie, and I simply cannot recommend it enough. I just had to buy this movie after seeing it in the Top 20 of AFI Top 100 films of all time. Buy this movie! It's the greatest masterpiece. I love it, I love it, I love it. :)
B00004XQP4|4.0|i am not a huge green day fan, but i have most of their cds. I guess this cd was sort of a dissapointment, because I heard it was suppost to be really punk and stuff. It's not really what I classify as punk. It's more pop if anything. I still think it's a good cd, and recommend it if you like alternative, but it's definatly not punk.
B000002I2I|5.0|I got the 24bit remastered, and This is my fav. out of all 6. Rite now the order goes like this, for me Morrison Hotel, The soft parade, Strange days, The doors, and then my least favorite, the O LOOK AT ME IM A DRUNK ablum, La women. I havent gaven much of it a real listen, but I know the other 5 ablums are gems. This ablum is a constant groove,from start to finish. I love every song, Though I like some better than others. This is the doors at there rocking best. &quot;Peace frog&quot;, &quot;Staring at the sun&quot;,  &quot;Roadhouse blues&quot;, &quot;Ship of fools&quot;, &quot;You make me real&quot;, &quot;Blue sunday&quot;, &quot;Land ho!&quot; and &quot;Indian summer sky&quot; are great songs. Great ablum get it, or even better the box set.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Not much to add beyond what's already been said, other than recommending the Japanese audio to the English. Even with subtitles, it's much better than most of the English dub.  While Minnie Driver is excellent, Claire Danes as Mononoke is just limp.
B000007S5B|5.0|I Got the box set, and expected this to be the worst one. Its not, its much better than &quot;La women&quot; but falls short of the others. One of there most rocking songs &quot;Not to touch the earth&quot; is on this ablum, intense song. &quot;Spanish caravan&quot; has great flaminco gutiar playing from Robby. John, is good on the ablum, along with ray. I do not like &quot;Five to one&quot; at all, I think its not one of there best song, like at times its considered to be. &quot;Unknown soldier&quot; is an ok, song. Good lryics and singing, but even remastered its not produced well unlike the rest of the ablum.By now I actually like &quot;Hello, I love you&quot; its catchy and fun.&quot;Yes the river knows&quot; , &quot;Wintertime love&quot;, and &quot;When the summer's gone&quot; are great ballad love songs. Like all doors ablum,(i mean the first 5) this ablum is enjoyable, just get the box set.
6302794331|5.0|Imagine a world in which muppets and humans exist and live side by side; now imagine that scenario being used to present one of the most beloved stories in literature, and you have \\"The Muppet Christmas Carol,\\" directed by Brian Henson and starring Michael Caine as the inimitable Ebenezer Scrooge.  A movie for children, you say?  Absolutely.  Adults?  Most certainly.  All that's required of any audience is that you suspend disbelief for awhile and check your doubts at the door; do that and you're in for a thoroughly enjoyable ninety minutes or so as Caine, Kermit, Miss Piggy and all the rest bring you a unique and entertaining version of the Charles Dickens' classic, guaranteed to be unlike any you've seen before.  For the younger set, the antics of the  muppets alone will be enthralling; for the rest of us there's some subtle humor (as can be found in all of the muppets outings), and of course the story itself which, when well crafted and delivered-- as this one is-- always seems fresh, especially when seeing a new version for the first time.    Henson has done a tremendous job of melding the live actors with the animated and presenting them together in such a natural setting, and with such imagination, that it's easy to accept the world in which they live and thrive; so much so that if Gonzo came to your door while you were watching this one, you wouldn't think twice about it.  And there are so many clever bits sprinkled throughout, for instance, having the Marley \\"Brothers,\\" Jacob and \\"Robert.\\"  Things adults will pick up on, and which will be entertaining to kids who will take what they see and hear at face value.    As for the casting of Michael Caine as Scrooge, to land such a gifted actor to anchor the story was a coup indeed; and Caine more than delivers, creating an imposing figure of Scrooge that he makes quite his own.  And how gratifying to see yet another interpretation of one of the most well known figures in literature played so well.  Caine immerseshimself in the part and performs opposite Kermit the Frog or Miss Piggy with the same dedication and eye for detail that he did opposite Olivier in \\"Sleuth,\\" or Connery in \\"The Man Who Would Be King.\\"  It's a performance that lends distinction to the film and illustrates what a consummate professional Caine is.    Everyone's favorite muppets are on hand for this one, with Kermit in the role of Bob Cratchit, Miss Piggy as Mrs. Cratchit and The Great Gonzo in the role of Charles Dickens, who also narrates the story, along with the help of Rizzo the Rat.  The familiar tale remains intact under Henson's direction, and what a treat \\"The Muppet Christmas Carol\\" will be to the youngsters who are being introduced to it with this film.  And for the holiday season it's like a bright and sparkling decoration that will fit in nicely with the traditional festivities of every family, and will help to keep the spirit alive within all of us.
B000002I2G|5.0|I got the box set after reading &quot;Riders on the storm&quot; from drummer John Densemore, who has gotten me obssesed with this band. At first I was like O im only listening to &quot;Morrison hotel&quot;, &quot;Waiting for the sun&quot;, &quot;The Doors&quot;, and &quot;Strange days&quot; because there incredabile, and &quot;The soft parade&quot; got so much bad vibes. Well first off &quot;Touch me&quot; IS a terrible respersentation of the ablum, its not the worst song, just a bad repersentation. &quot;Winisful sinful&quot; Is my fav tune on this ablum at the moment. Great music with perfect orchastration, and singing. &quot;Shamans blues&quot; caught me off gaurd. Lryically its amazing, and I expeced it to be soft, not the upbeat jazz song it is. I like it though. &quot;Wild child&quot;, great rift, and song. &quot;The soft pararde&quot; has jim screaming YOU CAN NOT PETITION THE LORD WITH PRAYER! great ablum, later
B00004ZAV3|5.0|If you've bought the previous collections, the ones named 1962-1966 (the Red Album) and 1967-1970 (the Blue Album), all the songs in this album are already in there, same performance and everything. These are not even necessarily the best. For example, I'd remove Ticket To Ride, and add And I Love Her.<br />But, it's the Beatles, hey! they're always good.
B000001Y2U|5.0|This CD is the best Manson CD. Songs from best to worst:<br />1. Cryptorchid 2. Reflecting God 3. Man That You Fear 4. Tourniquet 5. Beautiful People 6. Antichrist Superstar 7. Wormboy 8. Irresponsible Hate Anthem 9. Angel With The Scabbed Wings (cool beginning!) 10. Irresponsible Hate Anthem 11. Deformography 12. Mister Superstar 13. Kinderfeld 14. Minute of Decay 15. Little Horn and 16. 1996<br />Overall, it's a great CD and you should pick it up as soon as possible.
B000002OVJ|5.0|the guy who gave this a 2 star should be kicked in the nuts tommy showed how artistic and creative Pete(the who) were. The Who will always be considered a better live band then a studio band. The studio never picked up their energy and power that a live recording could. Live at leads was the first time a huge amount of people had the change to hear The Who live. Daltrey and his amazing voice, the ox and his thundering bass, moon his all over the place drumming and pete being a mad man on Guitar this is what The Who were a band that jammed together, a band that got in to fights with each other off stage and destoyed your ears and the rest of you senses on stage that is The Who and will always be the who. 30 years after the release and remaster there should be no doubt in any bodies mind that The Who are the best live rock and roll band ever.
B00004XOWM|5.0|What a completely excellent CD! I thought 3 Dollar Bill was the best CD, and I was wrong. This is the best Bizkit CD. This CD's best songs are &quot;Hot Dog&quot; &quot;Full Nelson&quot; &quot;My Way&quot; &quot;Livin It Up&quot; &quot;Take A Look Around&quot; &quot;Boiler&quot; and the outro.
B00003CXBK|5.0|When I first got this DVD, I though that there wasn't going to be much given to such a small movie in theaters. I was wrong. The DVD offers both English, Japanese and French in Dolby 5.1 surround sound. As if that wasnt enough, you can view the Japanese version entirely in it's originality. Even the ending credits are in full Japanese. There are also subtitles for deaf people and subtitles for the Japanese version. Very nice. Other extras include theatrical trailer and a small little production feature which feature interviews with the English cast. The only little down fall I disliked on this DVD was the no-interactive menus. Other than that, this DVD is great. There was no decompresion noises or bleeding colors. Plus, it's in widescreen! If you like Mononoke and have a DVD player, what are you waiting for? Buy it now. You won't regret it.
B00000JCB2|4.0|People say this CD is bad and comparible to Follow the Leader. I beg to differ.<br />Follow The Leader was mostly hip-hop. Significant Other is not. Almost every song is heavy and original, for example, &quot;Break Stuff&quot; and &quot;9 Teen 90 Nine. They even put a few soft songs on there, like &quot;No Sex&quot; and &quot;Don't Go Off Wandering&quot;. Even the rap song &quot;N 2 Gether Now&quot; is much better than &quot;Children Of The KoRn&quot; on Follow The Leader.<br />Even though this CD is no 3 Dollar Bill, I reccomend it.
B0000508U6|5.0|It's not Radiohead, or Pulp, or even Travis good, but it's damn close, and that says a lot. I'm still getting familiar with this one.
B000000FG8|5.0|No BS about any other bands or any of the usual reductivism of reviews. Buy this album. It is beautiful, it is powerful, it is amazing. It's four kids, singing about what they know, and it's a true display of the healing power of music. It's still as pertinent and moving now as it was in 1989.
0880389052|5.0|I read Homeland and loved it I enjoyed reading about Drizzt and his earliy years and learning all about his homeland and how he grew up the story was rich in detail and you learned more about his family and the Dark Elves. I highly recommened this book and the other 2 books in this series.
B000006OAM|4.0|The &quot;critics&quot; are hopelessly wrong with their reviews of this album.  It's been a LONG time since an artist's work has affected me the way this one has.  I have listened to this album over and over in order to pick up all the nuances I missed during previous listenings.  Each time I hear something new.<br />The statements by some critics that this album is &quot;heavy&quot; and &quot;pretentious&quot; are probably revealing more of the critics themselves than of the album.  The album has its &quot;dark&quot; moments, if you will, but they aren't gratuitous.  The instrumention and variation throughout the album are (at the risk of using an overworked word) inspiring and apt as they are used in each piece.  The title track, &quot;Ophelia,&quot; &quot;My Skin&quot; (especially), and &quot;When They Ring the Golden Bells&quot; are easily the best the album has to offer.  The song &quot;My Skin&quot; has the potential of exposing a piece of EVERYONE and their experiences.  It's haunting, beautiful and despite its haunted nature, uplifting in its own way as well.<br />The use of piano, cello, David Lanois' guitar and other strings is masterful.  Certainly, this is not an album for the casual listener, the depth is beyond casual.<br />This album was recommended to me by a friend.  I am so glad.  The album will stay in my collection to the end.  As my friend says, he won't recommend an album without saying he'd buy it back from them if they didn't like it.  It's a promise that's easy to keep in this case.
B00004XONN|1.0|I love Radiohead.  I mean, they're just awesome.  But then came the sad day when I purchased &quot;Kid A.&quot;  I was listening to it on my discman on the way to school.  Man, was it horrible!  To me, it sounds kind of like techno, except for &quot;optimisic&quot; and you know, that song really isn't that great.  Well I guess if you like techno music this cd isn't too bad.  But if you really appreciate Radiohead and their deep, meaningful lyrics, you'll probably dislike &quot;Kid A&quot; as I did.  And if you've never heard Radiohead before, just buy their old stuff, it's way better.
B00003CX7L|5.0|After Woody goes and saves Wheezy, a toy penguin, from being sold at the yard sale, he falls off of Andy's dog and then Al, owner of Al's Toy Barn, steals him after Andy's mother says he is not for sale. So here starts the adventure.<br /> Woody is brought to Al's office where he meets long lost friends from his old TV show &quot;Woody's Roundup.&quot; He meets Jessy the Cowgirl, Stinky Pete the Prospector, and Bullseye, Woody's own horse. He sees old shows from the series and learns that all of them have been waiting for him to come so they would be able to be sent away to a museum in Tokyo. At first Woody does not want to go but then is persuaded by them that Andy will soon grow out of him and he would be better off with them.<br /> Meanwhile, back at Andy's house Buzz and the rest of the toys are making up a plan to go and save Woody. They go to the actual toy store with no luck. At the store though they meet Tour Guide Barbie and she is hysterical. Also the real Buzz gets mixed up with another one at the store so the gang has the wrong Buzz. The gang goes to the office in the bag that Al was carrying. Buzz follows them after seeing the car go across the street. <br /> All the toys get inside and try to persuade Woody to come with them and at first he says no. He then decides to go and Jessy will join him. But the Prospector locks them in and before they can open it Al comes in and takes them to the airport. This is where the action comes.<br /> The gang of toys and the real Buzz all get into a Pizza Planet truck and all by theemselves they drive to the airport and save the day. Toy Story 2 is a movie you do not want to miss. It is better than the original and that says something by itself. Buy and enjoy this piece of true art. <br />HAPPY VIEWING!
6305949972|4.0|So, for the holidays, I decided to buy some of my favorite seasonal films, and &quot;The Nightmare Before Christmas&quot; was on my list.  I like eye-candy, and thus I like Tim Burton.  But I'm not reviewing the film so much as this version of it.  This is a special, widescreen edition that includes:  an original trailer,  a &quot;making of&quot;, &quot;Vincent,&quot; narrated by Vincent Price, and  &quot;Frankenweenie&quot;.<br />What it *doesn't* include, however, is the ending I saw in the theater.  This version ends with the song near a pumpkin patch (as I clumsily try not to spoil the film for anyone who hasn't already seen it), and not the closing narration.  Okay, so I'm picky.  I thought I was getting the entire film, and I didn't.  The closing narration wasn't long or even, to my mind, boring.  Granted, it probably wasn't necessary either, but then, how was including &quot;Frankenweenie&quot; necessary?<br />It's a wonderful movie and a really cool edition considering what all you get in it.  However, if you intended to get the *complete* film that you may have seen in the theaters, you may want to hunt around for a different version.
6302467861|2.0|If you want to see the classic &quot;Horton Hears A Who&quot; in it's full glory, then you do not want to buy this! Instead, I suggest that for just a couple dollars more, you purchase the double feature of &quot;How the Grinch Stole Christmas&quot; which includes the original Horton and all &quot;Boil that dust speck&quot; excitement (which I still find exciting at 15.....scary) Plus you get to watch the Grinch! I know for a fact that you can buy it on this site because I currently own it. :)
6304618344|5.0|This is a great plot for a movie, it will catch your attention 10 minutes into it. You will really like it alot!
B000002J1O|5.0|THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY TRUE GENESIS [ W/PETER ] FAN. YOU WILL BE AS HAPPY AS YOU CAN WITHOUT BEING AT A SHOW. PETER PLEASE MAKE THE 'LAMB' MOVIE AND WE WILL FINALLY LET YOU REST.
B000002UDB|5.0|While at a store recently, Strawberry Fields was playing. As I was being waited on, I  eavesdropped on two young gentlemen discussing the song. One of them was explaining to the other how when the song was written there was a certain amount of controversy about Paul being dead and how supposedly some of the songs had hidden messages regarding this.( I was impressed by his knowledge.) The other man replied &quot;Well, who is this anyway?&quot; At which I most impolitely laughed. When the clerk looked at me strangely, I said &quot;I thought everyone knew who this was.&quot;  The clerk indignantly told me &quot;This is the first time, I have ever heard this.&quot;<br />Although this may not be the best ever Beatles Album it certainly has some wonderful classic songs, which I believe should seem fresh and interesting, if heard for the first time. Strawberry fields and Penny Lane (which cannot be viewed totally separately by those who grew up at the time and listened to every rumor and regarding the Fab Four) are both wonderful songs which provide images of places we know by heart.  Other that merit classic rating are I am a Walrus, Fool on a Hill, Hello, Goodbye, Baby You're a Rich Man and All You Need Is Love.<br />For those who grew up with this album on their stereo, it dredges up dozens of fond memories.  For those new to the Beatles it does represent why we loved them so and how they were always doing something, new, interesting and fun with music.  This among other more well known albums helped to move rock music along and to keep it fun and vibrant for years to come.
B00003CX8J|5.0|As I have not yet purchased the DVD, I speak strictly from the fact that I have seen the movie in the  theatre.  I took a friend with me who knows most everything about x-men and the characters extensively, as we sat and watched the movie, he called out one by one each person before their name was announced.  The portrayal of who each person is supposed to be is awesome and crystal clear.  The story line fits almost perfectly to the story line of the X-men, and keeps you watching the entire time.  I also took my girlfriend who had no clue who the &quot;X-Men&quot; were.  As we drove home, she mentioned how much she enjoyed the movie and would tell everyone they should see it. This movie is for both people who know who the X-Men are and want to see an awesome portrayal of the once only cartoon characters, and for the people who they watch it with and have no clue what they are getting into.  I give this movie 12/10 The DVD, if not a present for Christmas, will be bought definately by me!! -GigaB-
6302794331|5.0|There aren't enough words to describe how wonderful this movie is!  You watch the movie and don't think that you are watching a bunch of puppets, you become engrossed in the classic Dickens story in this totally wonderful retelling.  The songs, oh the songs, they are wonderful too.  If I could own only 1 movie, this would be the one I pick.  I watch it over and over as if watching it (in awe) for the first time.  I would gladly pay an outrageous sum of money for a DVD or a CD-soundtrack of this film.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Last spring, while waiting for &quot;Gladiator&quot; to start at the local cineplex, I was very taken with the coming attractions to &quot;X-Men&quot;. Not being familiar with the original comic book series, I thought that this movie would be along the lines of the early &quot;Batman&quot; movies. I finally saw the DVD version, and boy, was I blown away! Not so much by the special effects and the sets (which were pretty spectacular), but by the fact that here was a movie, based on a comic-book series, which actually appealed to adults! In other words, this is the movie which &quot;Star Wars: The Phantom Menace&quot; should have been! The director, Bryan Singer, was responsible for &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot;, which was one of the cleverest movies of the nineties, so it's no surprise that this movie is very enjoyable. Any movie which features the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island as backdrops is already worthy of three stars, as far as I'm concerned! Nice to know that there will be a sequel--hope that it's half as good as this movie was!
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|This so-called movie is the most pathetic attempt at parody, and comedy I've ever seen. I like to think that a parody should be a movie that has a plot that can stand on its own while it parodies a movie with a similar plot. This movie has nothing that resembles a plot. It literally could be chopped and hacked to pieces as it rightfully should be and most of the scenes could stand on their own as sketches, and very poor sketch comedy at best. This waste of money seems to be the brainchild of a group of so-called writers that got together and said that they were going to take scenes from Scream, and I Know What You Did Last Summer, among other recent horror movies and simply redo them in a funny way. The writers of this crap have it all wrong. You don't try to redo a scene from the exact work that you are trying to parody. What you should be trying to do is make reference to the scenes that you are parodying in something new that you have created. Watch Spaceballs, a parody of Star Wars, and you will get the idea. You break into your own story and then make comedic references to the work you are parodying. You do not redo the same exact scene and try to make it funny. It just doesn't work that way. It is incredibly sloppy. Scary Movie is garbage with a capital G, and not worth your money to buy, or rent.
B000050XEI|5.0|I just got this for Christmas and it is such a great CD! I own all of Enya's CDs and this is now one of my favorites. My favorite tracks are: &quot;Fallen Embers, Pilgrim, and Only Time&quot;. For some reason her voice reminds me of Spring.
B000005PRX|4.0|Batman Returns is such a fun movie. Its dark, dismal, and cold look is perfect. Michael Keaton will always be the best Batman! This sequel to 1989's Batman is much better and although they both are dark, they are the same as well as different. Batman Returns features an all star cast headed by Keaton and featuring Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman/Selina Kyle, Danny DeVito as the Penguin, and Christopher Walken as the shreud Gotham buisness man Max Schrek. The film tells the story of a crime ridden Gotham City around Christmas time. The Penguin who lives beneath Gotham in the sewers wants to emerge and become part of the world. Schrek is forced to help Penguin emerge and become popular. Selina Kyle is a secretary who works for Schrek. After an accident she is borught back to life by cats and becomes Catwoman, yet still uses her alter ego Selina. Selina and Bruce(Wayne) become friends in their normal lives but rivals in their alter egos, Batman and Catwoman. Batman must protect Gotham from these menacing enemies! Filled with lots of action and drama. Its a great movie! The directing, acting, and dark production design of Gotham at Christmas is excellent. The only problem with the movie is that too much is squeezed into 2 hours of film. 2 or even possibly 3 movies could be made from all the material that is thrown at us in this movie. We are overwhelmed with more than enough villians which causes too few appearances by our hero. Other than that its a good movie, the best in the series. People who are not a fan of dark looking movies, which this movie has been critizied for being too dramatic would probably like the not so dark Batman Forever and Batman and Robin, although I only would reccomend Forever. I only wish we could have Burton and Keaton do one more like this! Rated PG-13 for violence, sexual innuendo, a brief sexual scene, dramatic intensity, and mild profanity.
B00003CX5A|5.0|I can't say I've always liked Tim Burton movies, but Sleepy Hallow is one of his better efforts (Beetlejuice &amp; Ed Wood are his other fine movies). Johnny Depp, as usual, gives a first rate performance. Christina Ricci once again shows why she's one of our most interesting and talented actresses. And Christopher Walken as the Hessian Horseman is perfect casting. It's also great to see Christopher Lee (the first Dracula I ever saw in movies). Although his part is small Lee, along with the late Peter Cushing, is incapable of give a bad performance. Tim Burton's director's commentary is also fun to listen to. While Sleepy Hallow isn't that scary, it can be kind of gross, it's a fine halloween movie.
0684857219|5.0|This book has it all.  It really is an encyclopedia...  It covers the history of bodybuilding, nutrition and diet, posing and competition, and of course...training techniques.  It goes over each muscle group in detail.  If you want to know which exercises to do in order to build up a certain muscle, it lists several type of movements and explains what effect those movements will have on the muscle (ex. working the upper pecs vs. working the lower pecs).   Many pages are devoted to each muscle, not just one or two like in other books.  -In addition, topics such as motivation and intensity are discussed, key elements for any serious weight lifter/bodybuilder.  <br />Aside from its content, this book is well organized.  You can easily pinpoint your area of interest using the table of contents.   This is very helpful if you intend to use this as a reference as I do.  I have personally read about  of the book.  However, I am often reaching for it when I want a quick answer or am looking for a different twist on something.  <br />In case you are wondering, this book has a ton of pictures of Arnold and other known bodybuilders.   Some illustrating exercises, others of guys working out in the gym.  I would say about 1/3 of the book is composed of pictures.
068484267X|5.0|Loved it.  That just sums it up so well.  It's a &quot;Must Read!&quot;
B000050XEI|5.0|Must have this work!  I heard the song &quot; Only Time&quot; on the radio in the wee am hours one night last month and online to buy it the very same morn.  I AM A METAL HEAD THROUGH AND THROUGH == I LIKE PANTERA AND RAMSTEIN FOR GOSH SAKES (edited for content myself, thanks)but this is the music of heaven and even a hard edged thrasher like me is wanting for heaven, right?  Yep, no other explaination as this is the most opposite of Death Metal on the spectrum....angelic.  That is it...ANGELIC IS THIS ALBUM! Buy it, you won't be sorry.  Really.  From a metal only fan cept for Enya now...what ever will my buds say?  I know I will play the CD for them and they will be powerless too.  Enya could save the world from war I think if leaders would but listen to this music from heavens' host splashed to earth thru Enya.  Keep 'em coming. Tami the metal still but Enya too, forever lover
