B000069KGM|5.0|If you are a child of the sixty's and seventy's and are into real good rock music, you absolutly have to have this album in your collection.  This is the real deal.  Take it from a music snob who likes everthing from Blues to New Age to Opera!  You have to have this.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this album!! My fav. track is \\"Isle of Hope, Isle of Tears\\"!!! beautiful!!!   I've been wondering why the Celtic Women haven't put their beautiful harmony to \\"The Water is Wide\\", which, I believe, is one of the top 5 Celtic songs. ??? I think it would be nice if it was featured on an upcoming album(soon). *hint* ;D
0307272702|3.0|There is nothing new in the is book.  if you have been a diet and health reader then you have heard it all before.  Slow reading because the author has all these supporting facts.   This study said this and that study said that.  They all say the same thing basically.  If they say anything different you have been reading the same kind of information for pages so it sounds the same.   But reading books like this does keep my motiviated so not a total loss.    Let me save you the time of reading the book.  Bottom line,  no carbs, sugar or refined flour.   not even fruit.   A total waste of a book.  I kept reading thinking, ok what is the point.   He just keeps coming up with studies on why no carbs.  But let's face it,   not humanly possible for a life style.  Adn really to be healthly and thin it has to be a life style change not a fade.
B002ZG976U|5.0|Loved this movie. Some of the story was predictable but never the less, it was fun. The numbers are really great - costumes and performances by all are amazing. I rented it first on Netflix and watched it several times before returning it. Then I purchased the DVD. If you love musicals as I do, you will enjoy this movie. I also enjoyed Moulin Rouge and Chicago (for comparison).
B0036T31YY|4.0|Well, OK, Triangle doesn't belong on the same shelf as Memento or Mulholland Drive.  But it definitely belongs on a shelf above the vast majority of horror flicks, and it does indeed share the same type of resolutely non-linear plot that Nolan and Lynch eventually mastered.  Even Christopher Nolan had to practice for Memento (see his excellent first movie, \\"Following\\"); as Nolan says, a non-linear story aimed at snaring and then challenging the viewer is probably the most difficult to film.  And I think this Aussie film, co-written and directed by Christopher Smith, is a surprisingly good first attempt at same.      I'd like to see more of Smith's films in the future.  As other reviewers noted, Triangle is well-crafted, with high production values and a subtle, perfectly effective score.  I expect to watch it a few times, as I did with Memento and Mulholland drive -- I think Triangle invites and deserves repeated viewing.      Of course, no review of Triangle would be complete without a mention of Melissa George -- she of the short-shorts and not-very-nautical high heels.  She is blessed with two of the best legs in cinema, shown off very well in the movie, but, alas, she also has only two expressions in the film: anxious and very anxious.  But hey, she isn't the star of this movie -- the plot is the star.  Watch it, and see what I mean.
B004EWFUQY|3.0|I'm an active and fit chubby guy that could lose some flab; so I decided to try the Dukan diet. Started this Monday and  up to this morning (Thursday) I have lost 7 pounds.    I jog/run most days for about 45-50 minutes at 70% of my maximun heart rate, but today I just did not have the energy for my morning jog and right now I feel somewhat tired.    I could move now to the second phase of the diet, but it does not have enough good carbs to sustain my energy requirements.    I think this plan have helped me to start losing weight, but I won't stop being active in order to quickly lose more.
B0000DIXDR|5.0|This is still one of the best feel good and sing along movie ever made. I am on my second copy
0375842209|5.0|I love reading a writing that explains the world in a way I have never thought of before. And this book does that. Beautifully. In my top best books of all time list!
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I am sick of only being able to watch the Star Wars trilogy on VHS.  Please, please, please, release the original theatrical versions.
B003Y5H53S|5.0|The movie Rango is a great film, and joins the likes of Despicable Me and (dare I say it) many of Pixar's films as a great CGI movie. Voice acting, visuals, and most of the other aspects of the film are excellent. It even has a positive message. Aside from some parts where you go, \\"what was the purpose of that?\\" Rango manages to entertain without dumbing down the story. Oh, and it doesn't seem like the creators of the film intended it for younger children.     Spoiler warning:          The characters and settings in the film reflect different Western classics. Rango, the main character, is a scrawny lizard who lives in a terrarium. A chameleon, he does not know what his future will hold, but he quickly finds out when his terrarium (and Rango with it) falls out of a car and shatters on the road, and leaving him stranded in the desert. He meets many others on his adventures. Beans, a desert iguana, owns a ranch in the town, Dirt, and the greedy mayor, Tortoise John, wants to own the land. In the town of Dirt, the water supply is running low, and nobody knows why. Rattlesnake Jake, the mayor's assistant gunslinger, has a gatling gun instead of a rattle. Fortunately, he is not in town when Rango arrives. Another outlaw, Bad Bill, a blue-tongued skink, has a reputation that lives up to his name. The seemingly endless desert, and the mysterious other side of the road, are some of the locations in the film.           The film's story adopts bits and chunks pieces of other Westerns, and thus fashions its own tale. Rango walks into a local saloon, and bluffs about his supposed reputation as a feared drifter. He angers Bad Bill along the way, and the two prepare for a shootout. However, a hawk attacks, and Rango accidently kills it by causing a water tower to collapse on the bird. After Mayor Tortoise makes Rango the town's protector, a rumor goes around that Rattlesnake Jake, whose only fear was of the hawk, may come back to Dirt sometime in the near future. Meanwhile, Rangodecides to find out who has cut off the water supply. After chasing, and afterward running away from, a gang of suspected bandits, Rango and his companions return to Dirt with no idea as to what happened to the water supply. Rango, however, suspects that the mayor has something to do with the problem, but he can find no proof of this, only that the mayor is buying all of the nearby land so that he can build something. Rattlesnake Jake arrives in town, and he chases Rango out after exposing the lizard's false claims of past glory. Rango crosses over to the other side of the road where he had begun, and he meets the \\"Spirit of the West\\" (a.k.a. the Man with No Name.) The legendary figure explains that, \\"No man can walk out on his own story.\\" Rango stumbles upon Las Vegas, Dirt's water supply. Realizing that someone definitely has done something to the water supply, Rango decides to return to save Dirt.           During the climax of the film, Rango prepares to either save the town or perish trying. Secretly, he sends his friends to re-activate the water supply. To stall for time, he challenges Rattlesnake Jake to a duel. Before they can battle, Tortoise John captures Beans, and Rango soon after. He forces them into the vault filled with water to drown. The mayor then prepares to execute the now obsolete Rattlesnake Jake. Rango, however, uses a bullet to shatter the tank. Jake thanks Rango for saving his life, before dragging out the mayor for revenge. With the water supply now back to normal, the residents of dirt hail Rango as their hero. The climax of the film has a unique message about Destiny. Rango tried to escape his duty, but he found that he could not. Upon realizing this, he set out to save the town and fulfill his destiny. Despite many dangerous obstacles and improbable odds, he manages to achieve victory over the villainous Tortoise John. Duty and Destiny are two things that every person must meet. One cannot escape from these, and if he tries, his life becomes ineffectual. One who realizes this and tries to meet his destiny and fulfill his duties can become a hero.           Other themes and metaphors are scattered throughout the film. For example, on one adventure, Rango and his companions \\"hold hands\\" and \\"pray\\" to the Spirit of the West. At first glance, this seems ludicrous and sacrilegious, and perhaps it is, but there seems to be a deeper significance. At one of the rare solemn moments of the film, the characters seem to be actually praying to that film's rendition of God. This could reflect a Christian worldview, but the whole incident is too ambiguous to be sure. Revenge is another concept mentioned in the film. The movie avoids dealing with the issue, but the film implies that Rattlesnake Jake kills Tortoise John. Whether or not this is moral, the film leaves this unanswered, probably because of the controversy over this sort of situation. Boasting is another issue that the film discusses, and not only boasting, but lying too. At first, it seems as if Rango's tall tales are actually giving him fame and glory, but when Jake reveals who Rango really is, the residents of Dirt shun him more than ever. If Rango had never boasted and lied in the first place, he could have avoided the many near-death situations, and he might have been able to save the town anyway. Thus, the film shows that there are negative consequences to boasting and lying, and this is a Christian message.          In conclusion, Rango is excellent proof that Verbinski is not just a master of creating live-action movies (although the visuals of Rango are almost photorealistic.). The Western tale of a young `un who becomes a hero is classic in the genre. Yet, this film stands out among other Westerns, and among other CGI (computer-generated imagery) films in general. With no other competition for the animation film portion of the theaters, Rango has so far been a success, both with the critics and the box office. With mostly positive morals, andan interesting story, Rango arguably is up there among most CGI films of the decade.
B003WUYOQ6|5.0|After reading a number of the negative reviews I had to add a review of their reviews.  Anyone with scientific or medical credentials would state them in any review.  So, I say ignore these who just make negative reviews of \\"Why We Get Fat\\".  Gary Taubes backs up everything he states with research.  This seems to offend the \\"don't confuse me with facts\\" crowd\\".  I am not a scientist either, but I do know how to read critically and want authors to back up their statements so even if the information is new and/or unsettling to my previously held positions I can change my thinking.[[ASIN:B003WUYOQ6 Why We Get Fat: And What to Do About It]]
B004UID2LC|5.0|I have been frustrated with the 5it...simply because of no youtube. THIS WORKS PERFECT....FOR ALL VIDEOS...EVEN IN HD! A MUST HAVE APP. It downloads AND saves them if you want to. This is the way the 5it should have worked from the beginning...Thank you developers!!
1416955070|3.0|I made it to the halfway mark, but just could not continue.  The author does a great job in expressing the attitudes and actions of the young characters in the story.  Maybe too good.  These are typical \\"young folk\\" rebellious and immature attitudes that involve a lot of yelling, cat fights, arguments, and way too many \\"shut up's\\".  I found this quite distracting from the flow of the story.  I felt myself wanting to tell the characters, \\"Will you just grow up and act more mature?\\"    This is not to say this isn't a good book in its own right.  If the author can make me feel this way, then she is doing a great job.  But it's just not for me.  Maybe some day I'll pick it up and try it again.
B002Q1YDLI|5.0|I wasnt quite sure if i would like this book or not after reading something borrowed.  I enjoyed Something Borrowed so much, that i doubted 'part 2' would be any good..but i gave it a chance and i'm glad i did.  What a great book! Definitely 5 stars out of 5!
0316098329|3.0|Narrating such a grave topic through a 5 year old can be very challenging but effective if it's done right.  I feel that this book has done a fairly good (not great) job, but my feelings are definitely mixed.  The anthropological observations on social/cultural phenomena through a 5 year old who has never been in a relational world, other than his mother,and objects in the Room, are very sharp, unpolluted and therefore enlightening.  The different psychological processes of relating to the world--the boy without the past vs. the mother's much more complicated readjustment--are very effectively compared and described, and quite revelatory to our unexplored common sense. To me, the scene of the mother answering questions in Chapter \\"After\\" (no spoiler) was one of the best parts of the book, showing the numerous and often unexplored assumptions and judgments we make on a daily basis and their potential effects and harm on the recepients.  My problems with this book has to do with the inconsistencies of the level of the mental/verbal/emotional/intellectual maturity and sophistication of the narrator.  And as a result, I feel that the book lost credibility to some degree, and at times, became rather annoying, and ultimately distracted me from focusing on the story.
0316044695|5.0|This is an amazing story.  It's not only amazing but makes me proud to be an American.  I couldn't put it down.<br /><br />Roger Weston, author of [[ASIN:B004YTI1UY The Golden Catch]]
0894803123|5.0|This book has made making ice cream at home both easy and delicious.  The recipes are relatively easy to follow and give a great result.   My favorites have to be Ben's Chocolate (page 44) and Oreo Mint (page 41).
B004EC5IV6|5.0|This is not just a re-telling with extra footage added. They changed the story line quite a bit in this second installment. Personally, I really like it! If you are gonna be one of those that whine about \\"staying true\\" to the original...just watch the original, there bucko. I think this way that they went with this is fun, and really well crafted! Packaging is gorgeous. The extra booklet, and the special features DVD are a nice bonus too. I would recommend this for any Neon Genesis fan.
B004WDRT1Y|3.0|This is more of a rant on the direction that Disney has decided to go with their blu-ray sales...  First off, let me state that I am going to be getting The Lion King on blu-ray as it is an excellent film and deserves to be seen in its full high definition glory!    The issue I have is this:  We recently have been offered two options from Disney in their blu-ray packaging -- either the Blu-ray / DVD combo pack OR the Blu-ray / Blu-ray 3D / DVD / Digital copy multi-pack.    Doing the combo pack makes sense so you have an option to watch the movie even if you couldn't watch it on a blu-ray player at some point.  The multi-pack, on the other hand, is forcing some of us to purchase a disc that we either DON'T want or CAN'T watch even if we wanted to -- the Blu-ray 3D!!!  I am recently blind in one eye from a recent accident, thus I am unable to ever watch movies in 3D again, however I like having digital copies of the Disney movies on my computer.      Why am I being forced to buy the Blu-ray 3D to get a digital copy as well?!?!??????    I really would like the option of Blu-ray / DVD / digital copy as a set, but instead I get to have Disney Blu-ray 3D dust collectors instead.
B002TLSSXO|1.0|I bought these thinking they would be of good quality and would last a while.. Wrong.<br />We've had them for a little over a year and already the material is flaking off - and what scares me is its probably flaking off into our pans when we cook, not exactly safe to be eating.<br />The quality seems poor, and I don't want to risk getting silicon in my food. We don't use them, instead we bought simple wooden versions.<br /><br />DOn't waste your money.
1857885082|2.0|[[ASIN:1857885082 Watching the English: The Hidden Rules of English Behaviour]]\\"Sorry,\\" but I found the book somewhat redundant.     Perhaps hiring a good editor would help to reduce the book to half the size.  A good editor may also catch the grammatical errors of which I found four (fewer/lesser; lay/lie, etc.).
0307272702|4.0|I liked this book because it re-tells how right the Atkins diet was... in part. You see, Atkins went a bit overboard on overeating protein - when the real problem is overeating anything processed - like sugar, flower etc...
B000S0GYRU|5.0|Suspiria is the best thrilling movie in classic era. it has great story and unique setting.  a must have for collection!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Here is George Luca$ trying to sell the public ( fans and no fans ) rotten fish...or worst, disguised rotten fish. I prefer to have the limited original trilogy even if non anamorphic ( mastered from Laserdisc ) with the special editions rather than only those new ones...something not ofered here. A little bit like the Lord of the Rings trilogy with only theatrical cuts. I WON´T upgrade my DVD and I´m not a fan! So give 1 star and Luca$ seeing no one is buying will have to think WE deserve the originals as they were and this time remastered + the special editions because WE made him one of the richest in the industry. And that crappy cover...put Darth Vader there, not that stupid brat Anakin from the Crappy Menace that made me hate him, and hire Drew Struzan or Tom Chantrell, not some stupid photoshop graduate wannabe like the one who made de DVD covers.
1906694176|4.0|Although I suppose you could read this book as a stand-alone, it is the icing on the cake when read as the third and final book of the series. My husband and I both read all three books in the trilogy. We each found the heroine, her story, and the stories of the other characters finely-drawn and compelling. Their stories served to highlight larger issues concerning the Cold War, politics, Swedish culture and social mores, and more. You may also find yourself researching concerns he has mentioned. Don't let that keep you from picking up the book! Larsson was someone who knew how to put the reader at the edge of the chair, unable to put the book down during certain tension-filled segments. We both want to continue reading about Lisbeth and Mikael and Erica and Annika in the next book....<br /><br />So it's only fair to advise you that this is the last book he wrote before his death. There's more information about his life and adventures and mission on the Web, which goes a long way toward explaining how he came by his knowledge. It makes a compelling story in its own right.  Consider this a strong recommendation for all three books in the trilogy.
B0001XAOLQ|3.0|I love this movie, however this &#34;uncut&#34; version gives you nothing but twice as much tense silence as the shorter original version.
B004DMIIVO|5.0|At risk of sounding like a complete and utter otaku nut, I can honestly say that this is one of the best Anime movies that I have seen in a long long time. The story is fun and upbeat, never too serious for too long, so enjoyable and family oriented and after watching it for the first time, I just had to watch it again. I am not sorry I took a chance on this movie and I suggest it for anyone looking for an entertaining animated film with a strong story, strong and fun characters and the best animation sequences I have seen in a long while.    Have a nice day.
B00005N6KG|3.0|These headsets are really inexpensive and the sound quality is pretty good.  They are decently built but with light plastic, so they are really breakable.  The biggest drawback is they don't fold up like other models do, so you have to take extra precautions when traveling or taking to the gym in a bag.  Other models will cost atleast twice as much, so if u wanna get some headsets but not looking to spend much these are the way to go.
B00005TQKQ|2.0|This was a complete waste of my money. Made no difference to the picture, it's still unwatchable. Save your money.
B001IYCMNA|5.0|I bought several of these to replace my company's Netgear wireless access points, which were causing us nothing but headaches.    These access points are fantastic for my business network. The web configuration interface is clean, responsive, and easy to navigate. This unit supports PoE and VLANs, will broadcast multiple SSIDs, each of which can have its own security and VLAN settings, and perform a host of other functions you'd expect to be standard for a business-class access point.     The only complaint I've received thus far is that the antennas look a bit goofy when the unit is wall-mounted in a visible location.
0804836272|2.0|This was a hard book to get through.  Should have read a sample of the book before buying.   Did not care for the writing style.
B0002DKCMG|5.0|Product arrived shortly after my purchase and was exactly as descriped.  Will purchase from you again.      Thank you!!!
B003INBOEM|5.0|All I can say is LOVE IT! I bought both Ip Man 1 and 2. If you are into kung fu movies, this is a must see!
1592332803|5.0|I love, love, love this book and will need to buy a new one soon because my copy is becoming worn out. Not once has a recipe turned out to be anything less than awesome.<br /><br />Vegan baking means cruelty free, but it isn't a given that something is vegan is completely healthy. Not all of these recipes are healthy. However, and this is what I feel makes a great recipe, they are consistently still delicious after making healthier substitutions. My favorite example would be the zucchini bread. After reducing the sugar (which is offered as a suggestion), swapping applesauce for the oil and adding more zucchini, the recipe is still a winner.<br /><br />I can safely say I've made over half the recipes here, with no failures. The day I made the lemon bars there was much rejoicing because I haven't had one of those in forever and they just may be my favorite thing in the book.<br /><br />There may be healthier books out there, but none will be as delicious as this!
B0000CFW87|1.0|I have sent an email to the person who sold it and have had NO answer.  They put the wrong CD in the case so I did not even get what I bought.  I would appreciate it if you somehow would help me get this right.  All I want is the right CD
B004FOA84A|4.0|This is a good adventure puzzle game, were you have to solve very puzzles based on clues. The game is fun, but a little short. I hope that the developer decides to expand it or make a new one. For anyone that enjoys games like Mist, it a worth while purchase, but be warned it's a short game and not nearly as expansive...
B002UXRGM0|5.0|I was not expecting it to be this good. I've seen great things on these disks, things I could have never imagined. The content is very interesting and the image quality is superb. While watching it, many times I was simply amazed. My favorite part is the one about plants because it has opened a completely new vision about how full of life plants really are.
B004SQS9FA|4.0|Its not one of their best albums, but its still very good. Ive only started really getting into Radiohead, but have almost of their albums by now. I think this one is one of my favorites. Im a huge fan of their electronic work! I liked it on my first listen, it didnt need multiple takes.
B004GYY714|5.0|I never reviewed an app before.  This one is unbelievably easy to use and it is far superior to the radio app that came with my Droid X.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|I have read every previously published Michael Connelly book. I refuse to pay more for the kindle version than the hard cover book.  I  will not purchase a book by this author in the future. I will not support this over pricing model.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I really like this. I've used it for grocery lists and reading lists. Posting the notes on my home screen makes them hard to forget/ignore. I've always keep little notes around, but NOW they don't get lost! Simple style and easy to use. Evo Shift.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|I trust amazon more than any other on-line ordering. And they havent let me down yet. Im very satisfied. It came prompt , new and the price you couldnt beat. thanks amazon  Lisa
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I really feel sorry for anyone who hasn't seen the original trilogy sans \\"Special Editioning\\".    Imagine you have three perfectly good birthday cakes. Now imagine that the bakery took the cakes away from you and used computers to add a dinosaur slipping on poo and various other random dumb crap to the birthday cakes and tried to sell them to you again.    I think that is the perfect analogy for what happened with these beloved sci-fi films.
B0044DEAUA|5.0|New laws necessitated that I use a bluetooth while using my cell phone in my car. Did not want to buy a really fancy one that did all kinds of things that were unnecessary for me. The reviews helped me pick this one. VERY easy to use. If I can figure out how to use this, ANYONE can! Not that I am a dummy, but there are more technical types than me in the world. Now that I have figured out how to use it, it does work great! Callers can hear me very clearly, and not the noise of the traffic all around me. I can hear the callers very well. When you get in to your car with your cell phone on, and the bluetooth function on, you'll hear a beep as the bluetooth unit syncs to your phone and you're good to go. If you want a very inexpensive but VERY good bluetooth unit for your car, this little unit is a GEM! Thanks!!!
B004DI7HZ6|3.0|I was excited to read this book because of all the good things I had heard about it. And I enjoyed the historical and scientific emphasis, along with the family members of Diana and Matthew. But Diana and Matthew's relationship reminded me of Twilight a little too much-the emphasis on the male vampire as the leader and as someone who must be obeyed made me want to role my eyes. I was frustrated by their complete dependence on each other, and while the author tried to emphasize Diana's power, too often Diana seemed like someone who just needed saving.
B004IQMXD4|5.0|What a great album from a great artist. Dave Stewart's production is flawless; you can tell he really \\"gets\\" who Stevie is. The melodies he has written for her lyrics are dead on target. This is such a great rock 'n' roll album in the midst of such utter pop junk that is out there these days. I am so happy that Stevie Nicks, an artist I have followed for 35 years or so, can still produce such wonderful music for her fans. Thanks Stevie!
B0008ENHT4|5.0|this is a great movie for it's time. steve mcquenn is totaly awesome in this movie. this movie is great. if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
1597801585|5.0|Although The Windup Girl shares virtually nothing in common with the Foundation Series, Dune, or Neuromancer in terms of theme, writing style, or mood, it nonetheless stands in the rarefied air these other works inhabit.  Not only is the writing superb, the plotting intricate, and the characters compelling, but the deeply imagined and beautifully conceptualized world the characters inhabit is every bit as immersive, compelling, and textured as the works mentioned earlier.  In The Windup Girl, Bacigalupi has created a world, and a novel, of dark beauty and rare power.  Highly, highly recommended.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|i'd have to agree with the other 1 starrers on here about this blu ray release of the saga.  Even though i am one of the few star wars fans that prefers the special editions to the originals, the fact that the originals are excluded is appalling.  The fans that grew up on star wars and being star struck by it when it was originally released are now denied what got them hooked in the first place.  in 9 blurays, that's 450 GB of data, georgie boy couldnt fit in the originals?  that's a crying shame.<br /><br />i own the dvd release special editions and even though i preferred the new special effects and the changes georgie boy made for continuity's sake, i also praised the fact that the original theatrical releases were on the dvd as well.  that means if i want to see the ORIGINAL star wars as it was first released, i can with those dvds.  i dont even have that option on blu ray and this is the definitive hi definition experience here.<br /><br />shame on you georgie boy, and shame on anyone that purchases this pile of garbage wrapped in bluray cases.
B0042RUMH8|5.0|I love all her albums this one is great all the songs are great. She is a beautiful and talented women.
B000PMLFRA|5.0|OK, admit it...how many of you 1-star reviewers are Blu-ray.com members who came over here to Amazon to double dip on your whine?<br /><br />Look, the debate between the SEs and the original unaltered versions come up every time SW gets a homevideo release.  OK, I get it...other home video releases with alternate cuts (un-rated director's cuts and so forth) get both cuts on the same disc.  Yeah, but were any of these altered within the same frame?  No, they weren't.  However, Star Wars was.  I don't wanna spend the time explaining to those with an open mind why the unaltered versions probably will never see the light of day, so I'll spare them the time, but I will say that it's a darn good chance that those who really can't stand the CG-enhanced versions are probably those going around toting how much they embrace change in the political and social realms.  But touch their childhood memories, and they're like Clark Gable in \\"Gone With the Wind\\"....(think about that one nostalgia fanboys)<br /><br />Now then about me...by the above paragraph, you might think I'm a new gen of SW fan....some teen or 20 something that just discovered SW with the PT or the Clone Wars TV series. Couldn't be further from the truth....I'm a 1st Gen SW fan, saw ANH in the theaters in '77 at 3 years old.  Loved every second except the dianoga in the trash compactor scene scared the crap out of me!  And don't even get me started about Yoda 3 years later.  Not to mention E.T. by Lucas' red-headed stepchild, Spielberg.  Anyway, I am someone who looks at art with a critical eye.  I have never liked the appearance of the OT in terms of visual effects (lasers and stuff) and special effects (explosions).  Just because these films were made when they were made shouldn't mean they should be doomed to be stuck in that era forever.  By that line of thinking, films released on VHS should never have been remastered for DVD or BD, respectively.  What?  That's not a fair comparison you say?  Why sure it is...there are several older TV series with visual effects that were done at lower resolution that would need to be re-rendered for higher resolution formats.  Which, would change the original piece of art, right?  For those here, I assume you all know about the Star Trek TOS Remastered series where all new CG shots were made to replace the old '60s-era effects.  OK, sure, the original versions are still available.  But here's the difference...all frames were restored first and then altered or added to for the remastered versions.  And another difference is that the film stock was different between the '60s and the '70s for SW.  '60s stock film was actually better quality film and held up better, '70s stock was horrible and therefore deteriorated faster.  This goes along with the explanation that I didn't wanna go into above.<br /><br />Another such TV series that will need work re-rendering CG effects is Stargate SG-1.  The first few seasons were shot on low grade 16mm film, and so the the CG effects were rendered as such.  So for a potential BD release, much work would have to be done.  Other such series would be ST:TNG, ST:DS9 and ST:VOY.<br /><br />My point is, there is nothing wrong with updating and older piece of art.  Even if the original versions won't be available any longer, because using my above examples, if ST:TNG gets remastered for HD, would you really still want or expect to see the original versions on BD?  I'd expect not.  Think about it this way, if you restore an antique car, and modify or even totally replace certain body parts, would you really expect to spend the time and money on restoring the parts that you don't ever expect to use again?  No, you wouldn't.  That's what's essentially happened with the original cuts of SW.  So deal with it.  And grow up.eral older TV series with visual effects that were done at lower resolution that would need to be re-rendered for higher resolution formats.  Which, would change the original piece of art, right?  For those here, I assume you all know about the Star Trek TOS Remastered series where all new CG shots were made to replace the old '60s-era effects.  OK, sure, the original versions are still available.  But here's the difference...all frames were restored first and then altered or added to for the remastered versions.  And another difference is that the film stock was different between the '60s and the '70s for SW.  '60s stock film was actually better quality film and held up better, '70s stock was horrible and therefore deteriorated faster.  This goes along with the explanation that I didn't wanna go into above.    Another such TV series that will need work re-rendering CG effects is Stargate SG-1.  The first few seasons were shot on low grade 16mm film, and so the the CG effects were rendered as such.  So for a potential BD release, much work would have to be done.  Other such series would be ST:TNG, ST:DS9 and ST:VOY.    My point is, there is nothing wrong with updating and older piece of art.  Even if the original versions won't be available any longer, because using my above examples, if ST:TNG gets remastered for HD, would you really still want or expect to see the original versions on BD?  I'd expect not.  Think about it this way, if you restore an antique car, and modify or even totally replace certain body parts, would you really expect to spend the time and money on restoring the parts that you don't ever expect to use again?  No, you wouldn't.  That's what's essentially happened with the original cuts of SW.  So deal with it.  And grow up.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|cant go wrong w this. love the different themes. if u like angry birds and u need a little more. seasons is your bird.
B00005JNEW|3.0|Friday night lights this is a story of High school football that stops the town. The pressures put on children and the social pressures of a town where everyone knows everyone and football rules. Likeable characters and a moving plot make this a great sports movie about hardships, mateship and sport.
B004SIP8SY|5.0|I heard that there might be a kill bill 3.  has anyone heard anything.  I know bill is dead but my idea is it would take place 10 years later  and vivica a foxs daughter could seek revenge.  what do you think.  otherwise these are the best movies to keep watching about every 2 months.
0307454541|5.0|While I was reading this every other page or even every page I thought, Swedes must drink a lot of coffee.  Although I loved the story and couldn't put the book down, I think Larrson could have come up with some more interesting drink offers and meals!  Seems with every conversation, there was a cup of coffee being drank, and for every meal there were sandwiches!  I wish Mr. Larsson had a more broad appetite, as some of us do, and had made the mealtimes more interesting!  I did not see as many bathroom trips mentioned as you would have though, given all the liquid imbibed. I hope I hope I hope there is something else to drink and eat in the next book!
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I normally bike; however, due to a medical complication I've had to store the bike for awhile and go back to walking.  The Garmin hasn't missed a beat.  It's user friendly for the most part and it doesn't take but a few minutes to master the basic operation of the watch, i.e. keeping times, distances and pace.  I believe it is a good buy no what your exercise level or abilities.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Look at the recent BLADE RUNNER set, for example, which contained the original theatrical version of the film and also every cut variation since.  In order to justify purchasing these movies yet again, all fans of the original theatrical versions of Episodes IV-VI want are decent, cleaned-up copies of these films that we loved from back in the day.  Not a whole lot to ask, really, especially considering how well they would most likely sell.<br /><br />If George Lucas wants to keep mutating his films beyond the point of original recognition, fine, so be it, as long as he offers the original theatrical versions along with his newest, spiffiest Especially Special Editions.  Otherwise, it's just a terrible rewriting of cinematic history that shouldn't be casually shrugged off with an overly simplistic \\"They're his films, he can do what he wants.\\"<br /><br />The idea of not finding room for the original theatrical versions in a 9-disc Blu-Ray set in favor of things like parody fan films is simply ridiculous.  When you release a \\"Complete Saga\\" Blu-Ray set that includes these versions, I'll be more than happy to purchase it but not before.  You can do better than this, George.
B0009RCPY8|5.0|I REMEMBER WATCHING THESE WHEN I WAS GROWING UP AND REALLY LIKED THEM, NOW MY 7 YEAR OLD IS LOVING THEM JUST AS MUCH!
B004P9GOAC|5.0|About the Set itself:<br />Not since the Ferrari Enzo 8653 and Ferrari Fiorano 8145 has there been a set as detailed and sophisticated as this, the Supercar 8070. Unlike the previous two, the Supercar is branded as a Technic, not a Ferrari, and this one is motorized. The motor does not move the car, instead it moves the front hood, right and left doors (independently), and extends and retracts the rear spoiler. All this is done with a pretty neat shift knob in the passenger compartment. If you missed your chance to get the previous sets, the Supercar not only continues, but improves on the previous sets.<br />About the Amazon listing:<br />Just to reaffirm the previous reviews, buying the Supercar is a rip off from Amazon, even if you consider all of the benefits of buying from Amazon. If you buy from Lego.com, you will have to pay for shipping and taxes. Now, Lego occasionally have free shipping promotions on big orders around 75 to 100 dollar purchases, so you only have to pay for taxes during those periods. As for Amazon, you can't buy directly from Amazon; this is where the problem comes in. If you want free shipping, you have to buy from \\"Fulfilled by Amazon\\" merchants, who sell the sets around 150 dollars, 30 dollars more than the MSRP, and if you're unlucky, taxes on top of that. If you buy from the cheapest merchant, you will have to pay for taxes and shipping, which will hover around the 150 dollar mark anyways. So the best solution would be to be patient and wait for Lego to have one of their free shipping promotions to get this set.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|I read this series seven years ago while waiting for Guy Gavriel Kay to write another book.  My local librarian recommended it after I said I wasn't really into fantasy except for Kay.  I'm not a fan of space ships and alternate universes.  And that's exactly why I couldn't put down GRRM's books.  If you're thinking about reading this because you've been watching HBO then be assured that so far the HBO production is fairly true to the book although of course not as good.  The problem however is that when the HBO show is over, you'll be left essentially having seen one seventh of the story.  So go ahead, buy the Kindle version.  It is much easier to hold than the book.  But better warn your family that you're unavailable for the next three days.
0439023483|5.0|Put down your iPods, turn off the tv, close the laptop, and read this trilogy.    Particularly if you're under 18.    \\"Panem et circenses.\\"    Go look it up, read about Rome, learn about what happened there.    Now, kids, look around.    Think about it.    Katniss. Would you do what she did?    Would you fight?    Perhaps the better question: Will you fight?
0425241505|5.0|Loved, loved  this book. As many other commenters have mentioned the  plot-I won't go there. I have found many of the paranormals coming out now to be too dark. This thankfully is not one of those. I suppose it might be more of a fantasy since it involves dragons & the Fae. Anyway the character development is awesome. The main character is smart, kick-ass but not foolhardy. I stayed up wait too late to finish this book & can't wait for the next one.
B00005JKZV|5.0|It's usually said that the second item (book or film) in a trilogy is the weakest, but I think in this instance it's better than the first.  With the death of Boromir, the abduction of Merry and Pippin by the Uruk-Hai, the presumed loss of Gandalf to the Balrog, and Frodo's resolve to carry on alone--though Sam Gamgee stubbornly follows him--the Fellowship has been broken: Aragorn, Legoals, and Gimli have set off in pursuit of the two kidnapped hobbits, and none of the separate elements of the erstwhile band knows what has become of the rest.  Meanwhile, Saruman, who has become Sauron's puppet (though *he* thinks they're allies), has inserted a spy (Brad Dourif) into the court of King Theoden (Bernard Hill) of the horse-riding warriors of Rohan and contrived to so overlook the King that he's become next to helpless, while on the other side of the Realms of Men, Boromir's native Gondor is under attack from Mordor itself.  And all the while the creature Gollum follows Frodo and Sam, yearning to regain possession of his \\"precious.\\"    The effects in this second volume of the franchise are even better than those of the first--Treebeard and the other Ents and their eventual attack upon Isengard, the Ringwraiths on their dragonlike flying steeds, and the attack of the vast orc army on the people of Rohan, trapped in their great keep of Helm's Deep with only a company of elfin archers to help them, to name just a few.  Frodo becomes even more a martyr-figure, which may not endear him to every viewer, while Sam transforms into his heart and conscience, managing somehow to keep his spirits up and keep him on track, and Gollum struggles with inner conflicts he'd probably forgotten could exist.  Aragorn meets Theoden's niece Eowyn (Miranda Otto) and discovers that perhaps he doesn't really love the elf-princess Galadriel as much as he thought he did.  Merry and Pippin transform from mischief-makers to determined partisans of the effort to defeat Sauron.  And the tension continues to ratchet upward as Frodo continues toward Mordor, where he hopes to destroy the Ring before Sauron can throw darkness over all the world.  Even if, like me, you found Tolkien's books difficult, you're sure to enjoy this version of them.
B0045HCJKS|5.0|This movie has a lot of similarities with Jurassic Park in that there is a super high tech and expensive theme park in a remote location, and the technology revolts against it's creators and guests. In Westworld you have Yule Brenner as a psychopathic robot instead of Jurassic Park's raptors.     It's really a fun movie to watch, and Richard Benjamin is good in it. There are a few cheesy parts, but they don't detract from the fun very much. The strange thing is, despite all the horror that's inflicted on all the guests, it still seems like a cool place to visit. The film is paced nicely and is worth repeated viewings.
076781326X|4.0|Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) has spent his life in a workhouse somewhere in the north of England (his mother died there after giving birth to him), enduring a life of ragged clothes, short food, hard work, and brutal discipline.  When his mates choose him to request \\"more\\" of the thin gruel that forms their diet, his boldness gets him sold to an undertaker for three guineas.  He escapes, walks seven days to London to \\"seek his fortune,\\" and meets up with the Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), a cheeky, street-smart urchin who offers to provide him with lodgings.  Oliver is so innocent that he has no idea he's fallen in with a band of pickpockets--until the next day when he sees the Dodger and another boy make off with a gentleman's wallet, and is so stunned that he's mistakenly arrested for the crime himself.  But the owner of the wallet becomes his partisan and takes him into his home--from which the underworld resolves to extract him for fear he may blab.    Though Oliver himself is nominally the hero and focus of the story, the movie's best parts (literally) are those of adults: Mr. Brownlow (Joseph O'Conor), the handsome, dignified middle-aged gentleman who turns out to be the boy's great-uncle; Nancy (Shani Wallis), the brassy music-hall singer whose one great, fatal weakness is her love for housebreaker Bill Sikes; Sikes (Oliver Reed) himself, sinister and soft-spoken; and Fagin (Ron Moody), who despite his felonies has about him a certain charm--he seems genuinely fond of his boys and is strongly opposed to violence.  Most of the songs from the stage version have been retained, although as a matter of necessity several of Dickens's important characters and two or three of his subplots have been dispensed with.  The dancing is exuberant and all the cast well-chosen.  And as in Richard Lester's [[ASIN:B003BJODK0 The Three Musketeers/The Four Musketeers (Two-Movie Collection)]], it's clear that the designers of the film--costumers, set builders, property masters--made a careful study of 1830's England and strove to recreate it accurately.
B002AT4K9G|5.0|This is a great movie that is similar to the first Fast and Furious. The saga continues and this movie doesn't disappoint Fast and Furious fans!
0446691437|1.0|Somehow, my purchase of Seth Godin's 'Poke the Box' resulted in this book becoming an Amazon recommendation.  I purchased it based on that recommendation.  'Poke the Box' ... enjoyable, cute, and pointed.  'The War of Art' ... way too focused on the publishing world to be a book with a broader general audience.  Candidly, I'm disappointed Amazon connected these two books together.  There are countless other books with a clearer focus, pointed toward action-driven lives.  I liked the concept, and the reviews made me interested.  The book disappointed me greatly.  I would not recommend this to anyone working in the business world who's looking for that spark.  This book doesn't provide it.
B0000047CW|5.0|I have been listening to JAZZ SAMBA for at least 40 years and still love it as much today as when I first heard it.  If I were put on an island for the rest of my life and could only take 1 CD....JAZZ SAMBA would be the one I'd take.
B004R15SIW|5.0|Really liked this one. It was very informative and made me understand how it all worked and how the situation was created.  I am sorry to say that it also made me sad that the people in power still really don't care and will allow such actions to go by the wayside. I am happy that there are folks out there that will always make such information known and just maybe more people will start to really listen. Also I really like Matt Damon he's real, not all hollywood.
B004LL1HM4|4.0|Sometimes you hear so much about a band before you even hear THE band that you make a rash decision.<br />Well that happened with Fleet Foxes and by time I sampled one of their songs I had made up my mind that they were overhyped. Consider that a lesson learned.  Never again.
B004DI7HZ6|1.0|I want my money back, darn it; I read the sample and thought it had potential but not sure what happened to author's writing abilities; story is down-right awful, am sorry to say; do not buy; save your money and get some ice cream; want a good vampire/witch/mystery novel, read Charlaine Harris instead!
0596805527|3.0|Readers should note that most of the reviews of this book refer to older editions which are -- due to the rapid evolution of javascript -- completely different books.  I've spent a considerable amount of time the last few months reading the 6th edition of this book and have a number of complaints.  But first, the kudos:  this book is more comprehensive than any other javascript reference.    Complaints:  - the text is frequently non-linear in the sense that author will talk about undefined feature X, stating that feature X will be explained a couple of chapters later.  Sometimes this is a good way to gradually introduce concepts, but it's used too much here.  Some critics of this book have suggested you need to know javascript before reading this book, this might be why.    - Almost every concept is followed with the caveat \\"but this feature doesn't work in Internet Explorer prior to version Z.  For that you have to use this entirely different function f\\".  This makes the text unnecessarily confusing.  How about talking about *standard* ECMAscript and relegating the caveats to end of chapter notes, perhaps adding a superscript to alert the reader about version incompatibilities?    - The examples are poor -- most show how to re-implement javascript 5 functions in javascript 3, or how to get a standard function to work in Internet Explorer 8.  Who cares?  This is why we have jQuery and Dojo -- in order not to worry about stuff like this.  A few examples like this would provide welcome insight into dealing with compatibility issues, but in this case my eyes started to glaze over after a few hundred pages.    Case study: Chapter 17, \\"Handling Events\\".  After reading much of this chapter I realized I didn't know anything about how to use events in actual, practical code.  I went back to re-read the chapter, which starts on p. 445.  The first example \\"snippet\\" doesn't occur until p. 457 and the first real example is on p. 466, demonstrating a \\"whenReady\\" function which shows you how \\"you can improve the startup time of your web applications if you trigger your scripts on events other than 'load'.\\"  Somewhat interesting, but is this really the best first example on event processing?  The next example illustrates dragging an object, and is already quite complex and hard to follow.    The beginning of Ch. 17 tells us \\"An event object is an object that is associated with a particular event and contains details  about that event. Event objects are passed as an argument to the event handler function (except in IE8 and before where they are sometimes only available through the global variable event). All event objects have a type property that specifies the event type and  a target property that specifies the event target. (In IE8 and before, use srcElement instead of target.) Each event type defines a set of properties for its associated event.\\"  OK, how about an EXAMPLE illustrating how this works in real code?  It's nearly impossible to get much out of this comment (and certainly impossible to retain anything) without an example.  Only someone who already knows this stuff will follow that effectively, and if you already know the material, why read this chapter?    Additionally, some standard methods appear not to be documented in the client-side reference.  Unfortunately I can't recall which ones at the moment; just remember looking for them and not finding them.    The \\"camel\\" book \\"Programming Perl\\" by Wall, Christiansen, and Orwant continues to be the gold standard for programming books by almost any measure, despite the fact that the current edition (3rd) is now terribly out of date.  This book is readable, starts out with a good overview and then gradually dips the reader into the complexities of the language, included good examples, and frankly is an extremely enjoyable read.  By comparison, this book meets none of these metrics.  As a side note, O'Reilly (also the publisher of Programming Perl) used to be the dominant technicalbook publisher by huge margins, but in the past few years has begun to fall behind newer, more nimble competitors like Packt and Manning, who offer steep discounts on ebook editions and who appear to be taking greater care to maintain content quality.  The affect is that at one time I would have simply assumed that the O'Reilly title was the highest quality text on any particular issue and now I'm finding this is not the case more often than not.    I must also add that I'm a fairly experienced programmer with some prior javascript experience; hence presumably a member of the target audience for this book.  Whatever it's shortcomings and merits, and as other reviewers have pointed out, this book is COMPLETELY inappropriate for novice programmers and beginners.  Stay far away, newbies, lest you burn in the pit of doom.
B004N44SOI|5.0|Keep in mind, my review of the album does not coincide with the book, as I have not read the book yet (waiting for the price to come down a bit on the kindle edition).  But that being said, this album is every bit as good as the first, if not better.  The structure of the album follows the same basic formula as Herion Diaries:  Hard rocking, story-telling tracks of the life of Nikki Sixx, peppered with a few slower, moodier ones.  Some might even go so far as to call this album and it's predecessor \\"Progressive\\" due to the conceptual aspects (almost rock-opera like).  But whatever label you want to slap on it, there is no doubt that this album is great.  Play it loud!  I really hope Nikki decides to keep going with this project.
0061928356|5.0|Beautifully written and plotted, Secret Daughter grabbed me from the first page until the end.<br /><br />All the good things I heard about this book last year are very true.  I am so glad I chose to be a part of this tour.  If this is Ms. Gowda's first book I can't wait to read more by her.  I love how she parallels the plots in this book.  Seeing what is happening with Asha's adoptive family and with her birth family over the span of 20 years is fascinating.  I also really enjoyed seeing life in India too.  Just a small glimpse of the life in India has me wanting to read more about this fascinating country.<br /><br />I loved the characters and the chance to really get to know them and understand the motives that each has.  Asha was every bit the young 20-year-old, a little spoiled and a little selfish.  But she grows and becomes a wonderful young woman.  Also knowing why her birth mother gave her up and how her life is for the rest of her life is wonderful.  And then the tale of Kris and Somer is fascinating as well.  Watching all of them through good times and bad makes the book feel real and interesting.<br /><br />The plot also moves along at a great pace.  Secret Daughter was very hard to put down.  I wasn't feeling well while I was reading this, and usually I don't want to read, but with this one, I kept right on reading.  I almost hated to nap and put it down.  I like how it switches back and forth between the different characters and families in the same time frame.  Since it revolved around two different cultures it was very easy to keep the characters straight.<br /><br />Secret Daughter is a wonderful book.  If you enjoy books that straddle two cultures or use exotic settings but focus on the everyday person, then this is a book for you.  If you like books about family interaction then this is a book for you.  If you enjoy books that explore how people grow and change (even later in life) then this is a book for you.  In fact I can't think of anyone who wouldn't enjoy this book.  So if you didn't get a chance to read this when it came out last year, give it a try in paperback.f you didn't get a chance to read this when it came out last year, give it a try in paperback.
0240816250|5.0|This is a great book and, as I said in the title, could easily be a complete photography course.  The authors teach you the science behind visualization - how your eyes see things and your brain interpret it.  It covers everything from framing the photo, setting your camera, lighting your subject, equipment and more.  In this digital age it seems most people think that all you need is a nice camera and magical photos will appear anytime you press the shutter.  There's so much more to it then that.<br /><br />I consider myself a semi-pro photographer or maybe an advanced amateur - which is who this book is targeted towards.  I would have to say that anyone wanting to get serious into photography should get this book and learn the science and techniques behind the craft.  Yes, it covers \\"analog\\" photography (film developing and print) but truly this is the roots of photography and any serious craftsman could use the background.  I wish I had discovered this book when I threw myself deep into digital photography 6 years ago.  Instead I started out thinking the better the camera, the better my pictures would be.  Boy did I have a lot to learn back then!  I managed to fumble through some courses and a lot of workshops to hone my craft.  I am still learning and this book is like the \\"missing photography manual\\" for me. Sure, a lot of the things I already know, but as I read through this book my knowledge is solidified on the things I thought I knew and expanded by the things I didn't know.
B0019N8P2W|4.0|Love this show, was so happy to find it on DVD. I think my only complaint is that it advertised on box that it has the 'Daria Day Intros' but couldn't get them to play
B0024FAR5M|5.0|This TV series started in 2008 but I'm just getting around to watching it now.  It's about a motorcycle club in California in a town named \\"Charming\\". They make their living by running guns but otherwise are good guys as they battle drug dealers, corporate takeovers and perverts.  Some law enforcement people are their friends;  others are their enemies and there's a lot of gunplay and blood.  Every episode has at least one act of violence and the story moves at breathtaking speed, each episode building on the one before so that I soon became enthralled with the very interesting characters and the outrageous plot.<br /><br />Basically there is Jax - the vice president of the gang. He's blond, young, good looking and tough. Supposedly, his dead father started the gang and his mother is a major character in the plot now.  She's 57 years old and feisty and I couldn't help loving her.  She's married to the current leader of the club.  He's a tough and ruthless Vietnam Vet with lots of experience.  Into this world of gun running and violence a little tenderness is injected as Jax's ex-wife who is strung out on drugs gives birth to premature baby boy and the female doctor who takes care of the baby also becomes Jax's girlfriend.<br /><br />How this all plays out is masterfully scripted.  There is constant violence, gunplay and gruesome inventive deaths in every episode.  But there is also tenderness and love and very interesting flawed characters.  I must say I watched the entire season in a single sitting or two.  Frankly, I love the series.  And I've already started watching Season 2.
B000QQRXF8|5.0|I love Buddy Guy period. There is nothing to say what haven't been said already about this great live album.  Play it and hold your face.  Some of the best guitar work ever.
B003UESJ9M|1.0|I was extremely disappointed with this movie. I think the best parts were actually shown in previews I saw prior to watching it. I don't feel that the story line was anything related to being \\"strong\\" so in my opinion the title (and the movie) are misleading. I recognize that the issues portrayed are reality in some cases, but overall the character played by Gweneth Paltrow is not capable of managing her own life and has allowed everyone around her (esp. her husband)to make choices for her and she is beyond being able to function. I am glad I didn't waste my money at the theater or on a rental since I was able to watch it at a relatives, who is also disappointed that she wasted her money on this DVD. I had high hopes but really only liked the subplot marginally. I believe everyone needs to form their own opinions on the movie, but I hated it. Depressing and not something that shows how wonderful country music can be.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|George Lucas definitely has a lot of things to learn from Spielberg. For example, how difficult is to make a Star Wars Blue ray like Close Encounters of the Third Kind (30th Anniversary Ultimate Edition? This blue ray is awesome! you have here all versions of Close Encounters and guess what? you have a movie glidepath where you can see all interventions from theatrical version to latest uncut/remastered movie and you can SELECT which scenes from where see and which version run... Is not that difficult... Of course, then Lucasfilm will not be able to release each other 5 years another \\"Master Collection\\" with 0.23 seconds more of film or something like that...    Really, Star Wars is one of the greatest stories ever and original version (Episode IV to VI)are the best... How difficult is to release that for the fans?
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Everyone praised this book so highly that I decided to read even though I'm not a fan of SF and YA books. I'm really glad I did. It's the best book I read last year, together with Catching Fire. I only got disappointed with the last one. But the first is really, really good!
B002ZG977Y|4.0|This remake is a solid workman-like product right down to the gratuitous Hollywood-formula sidekicks and smart-aleck wisecracks.  Looks like a lot of work went into it and I think it's OK.
0307593495|3.0|Like so many other readers of Mankell's wonderful Wallander series, I was thrilled to learn this book was on the way and, once arrived, greeted it like an old friend.  And, like an old friend, I felt concern when, early in the storyline, the character of Wallander begins exhibiting early onset Alzheimer's.  Oh, I remember thinking, Mankell really IS determined to make this the last Wallander book... I did get a sense that Mankell is tired of the character, which I suppose is not unnatural, and this was reflected in the writing. Another disappointment for this reader was that, just as the early indicators of Alzheimer appear throughout the story until finally confirming the diagnosis at the end, Mankell has chosen to deliver a warning about American power in this book.  In the final Wallander book, America is the bad guy.      All that acknowledged, I enjoyed the book as you do the last of anything, even if it is not as good as some of the stories that preceded it.
B0036D7Y20|5.0|My review will be brief. Most of you know the opera and have heard everything since.  I have to ad that this is the most intense Lohengrin around save for a live performance or two.  For me it beats the others especially Solti's rather dull-ish recording...Ludwig is only out done by her own live performances. Grummer is a perfect Elsa and the rest is first rate....It sounds like a living performance.
B004H1V5RU|5.0|I loved the original Perplexus so I couldn't wait for Perplexus Epic to come out. I bought Epic at a retail store and I can tell you the guy who invented this thing must be an evil genius! You could speed through the Original Perplexus once knew what you were doing. With Epic, you have to finesse the ball different ways in different areas or that thing is going off the track.Cool new obstacles. One looks like stairs out of an Escher painting. If you loved Original Perplexus you have got to try EPIC!
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This app has great features and customization options such as using any song for alarm and even slowly raising the volume to gently wake you up
B004G6009U|5.0|My little girl loved the movie, my wife and I were amazed how quick it was delivered, the time lapse between my little girl's desire to get it and the actual time we were enjoying it at home was short enough for my little girl not to loose interest in it. We enjoyed too much the trial period of the Amazon Prime that we are going to stay on it after the trial.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|What Rick Riordan does with all of his books-even if something sad happens he makes you proud of what someone did to help his friends. I hope everyone reads this book and his many others. It is an amazing book.<br /><br />Thanks for your time.<br />(Age 13)<br />.007
B00127RAJY|5.0|the 1st week I used this for Level 1 I thought it was a little too easy for me to do but at the end of the week I could feel it in my muscles already...like having the imaginary image of feeling leaner!  : - )  But as always ..working out does make me feel a whole lot better for sure!   So Thanks Jillian!
B002F6FQGK|5.0|I'm not a music critic, so I won't try to impress you with fancy words or about the deeper meaning behind any of the songs on this album. I very rarely share my opinion, but I felt compelled to do so for Florence and the Machine. I have a very limited attention span and generally listen to about 30 seconds of a song before it bores me. However, this entire album is fantastic. Miss Florence's voice is amazing. I can put this entire album on repeat.  My personal favorite on the album is \\"Girl WIth One Eye,\\" which is a breath of fresh air. Although a tad morbid, the idea is original and the vocals are passionate and superb! I'm sure I have received many looks while stopped at a traffic light as I sing my heart out to this song!   Of course \\"Kiss with a Fist\\" and \\"Howl\\" are the songs that most are familiar with (both great), but be sure to also check out the Florence's vocal range in \\"Rabbit Heart (Raise it Up)\\" and the unusually peppy \\"My boy Builds Coffins.\\"    I'm only sorry that this is her debut album.  I want more!
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I pledge not to buy any revisionist crap from Lucas, unless and until he offers the original theatrical versions of the first two and a half films (I don't care what he does with the effing dancing bears, as long as I don't have to watch it).
0061726826|5.0|Delirium is set in a dystopic United States, where basically everything revolves around The Cure, which is an operation performed on adults that removes the ability to love.  Love, or amor deliria nervosa, has been eliminated, and society must protect against its reemergence.  Lena is about to turn 18, and she is eagerly awaiting her procedure, knowing that it will take away all pain and forever protect her from catching the deliria.  However, the last few months before her procedure don't exactly go as planned, and Lena finds herself questioning what she has always taken for granted- the society and its ban on love.  She realizes that the society is right about one thing- love is dangerous and can cause people to feel and do things that they never thought possible.<br /><br />Like most dystopian books, curiosity about the strange society is enough to make getting started with the book easy, and the second half is absolutely delicious.  The ending, again like most dystopian books, caused me to yell and throw the book across the room.  I also must have jumped or something because I threw my knee out, and it's really sore today... LOL.<br /><br />5 stars for a solid, exciting read and characters that I can't stop thinking about.  I will definitely read book #2, Pandemonium, which should be out in February 2012.
B00402FGE4|4.0|Had watched the pilot movie unbeknown that it was the first three episodes on the first disc was taken up with it and so that was a bit of  a disappointment about that but the rest is awesome and now want to see more.  The last episode left you hanging out for more.  Can not wait for more, more, more.  Very good watch and it is good to see some the old actors from the previous series in it also.
B000LT2IHI|5.0|We got this as a first birthday gift. My grandson loves it. It is very durable. He drags it all over the living room and it is still in one piece. He loves putting the balls in the mouth and watching them come out. He tries other things such as his rubber duckies and such. So if the ball does not go in check the mouth and see what else is in there. I love to watch him play with it.
B000YABYLA|3.0|This movie was an unusual case.  It's a movie about how a young, immature, teenage girl discovers she's pregnant after spontaneous sex with a young, slightly-more-mature, teenage boy, and how she copes with it.  She contemplates abortion at first, but ultimately, chooses adoption instead.  It amazes me that the movie's plot can be, on the surface, so pro-life, and still not be something a good Catholic can really enjoy.    I say \\"on the surface\\" because actually watching the movie takes work.  Juno herself is an unpleasant and unresponsible girl, with a decidedly critical and pessimistic view of the world around her, and it shows, because the movie is narrated by her inner monologue.  Still, this alone wouldn't be enough to ruin the film.  If I tried to count all the movie protagonists who start out foolish and irresponsible, and learn some important lesson by the end of the film, which turns their life around, I'd be too busy to make another review for the rest of my life.    The problem is in the specifics.  You've probably heard that this movie contains profanity.  That's a whopping big understatement if I ever heard one.  This may be one of the most vulgar films I've ever seen, and as of right now, it's proof that they'll never give a movie an R rating for cursing alone.  I usually don't mind a little cursing in movies for the sake of realism, but this didn't feel realistic at all.  It felt over-the-top.  Maybe that was intentional.  Maybe they were trying to get a laugh that way.  I don't know.  I just know it didn't make me laugh.  The cover of the DVD claims that it's a comedy, but I didn't laugh once, at any point during the film, which is not a good sign.    This movie, to its credit, tries to tackle all the hard sexual subjects of today; teen pregnancy, abortion, divorce, and so forth, but through it all, there's no real talk of honor or ethics, much less religion, and it seems to arrive at only about half the answers to the questions it poses.    Nobody comes out and says \\"what you did was wrong.\\"  There's no sense, from any of the characters, that their actions brought about consequences and they should take responsibility for them; just a mass of emotions over things like fingernails, body shape and lust.    This sense of things being unfortunate, but never bad or wrong pervades the whole movie.  When Juno has sex out of wedlock, she's never told it was wrong.  When she decides against abortion, she never expresses that she thought it was wrong.  When the couple who plans to adopt her child decide to get a divorce, once again, that horrible word \\"wrong\\" never dares to rear its ugly head.  Even when the husband in that couple... acts unfaithfully, Juno never tells him that he's wrong to do so.  No one does.  Pish-tosh.  It just isn't done.  We don't say nasty words like that at the country club.    Juno herself demonstrates many instances of poor judgment and simple bad morals early in the film, and never really seems to learn her lesson about them later.  In one instance, she expresses inner disgust over her boyfriend's mother for being overweight, and in another, makes a comment that sounds almost like a plug for gay adoption.  Bringing these things in, and failing to talk about whether they're wrong or right is simply a cop-out, and honestly, we deserve better.    Ultimately, the strengths of this movie are found in the boyfriend, who, though shy and weak-willed, seems to genuinely care about Juno and want what's best for her, and in Juno herself, who gradually learns to appreciate that kind of love; the kind that involves making sacrifices.  It would be a mistake to say that these are not strengths.  They certainly are.    However, the particular phrasing of the lesson that Juno learns is something like \\"someone who loves you for who you really are,\\" and this is a humanist moral lesson; not a Catholic one.  Love, by the Catholic definition, has nothing to do with who the person loved is, and everything to do with the person doing the loving.  It's a one-sided decision to do what is best for the other person, regardless of what kind of person they are, or how you may feel about them.    Ultimately, I think that Juno might serve well to guide very self-centered people towards a better means of thinking, and as movies go, it doesn't stink, but if you're already a strong Catholic, don't waste your time on it.
B004TTMYQG|5.0|A visually intuitive calendar with easy summary views.  given the nature of my calendar I greatly prefer this over the default.
076781214X|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies ever! I saw it for the first time this year on tv, and I loved it so much I just had to buy it! I love movies where people go back in time to when they were younger. Plus, I'm a HUGE Nicolas Cage fan, so that also adds to why I love it so much. I mean, it is a little unbelievable that Peggy Sue & Jack are in high school because they look a lot older, but I still love it. Also, Nicolas Cage's voice is really weird in this movie-kinda nasally sounding. But I read somewhere that he made his voice like that on purpose. I'm a also a big fan of 50s anything, so I think the music and setting of this movie are great!
0545128285|5.0|I bought this book for my boyfriend who is a huge harry potter fan. I was a little nervous because some of the reviews said it was short. I mean it is suppose to be a children's book, I haven't seen a children's book that has been extremely long with a bunch of pages. So I am pretty happy with this book! :) love all the stories!
B001UV4XUG|1.0|At its core, this is a sad and kind of ugly movie.  The hero is dumb, and the heroine is a cathartic mess.  After the audience spends most of the film watching one glib, funny, cute and/ or edgy scene after another, allowing the filmaker to move the audience ever closer towards liking the characters the audience is treated to the funny (ha-ha) break-up between the main characters.   The filmaker manipulates the audience into buying the story through questioning the POV of the male protagonist.  One minute his view of the world around him is OK for story-telling purposes.  The next minute the writer changes the channel and the guy is self-deluded.    In the end, it looks like we're supposed to come away thinking the split was a win-win situation for them, sparking some epiphany.  I can't help but think in the real world one of them would be devastated for more than just a few days (and that is not \\"funny\\").  The over-arching theme of this film seems to be when it comes to love, it's \\"caveat emptor\\".  If you're told by the object of your affection at the beginning of a relationship that he/ she does not want a \\"relationship\\", and 18 months later disaster and heartache ensue, you have no one to blame but yourself for taking a chance on pursuing said relationship.  One could also say \\"hope springs eternal\\", and go for sophisticated laughs when watching the deluded sod see his or her hopes dashed.
B004PR71JC|5.0|I have been trying for the longest while to get my 5 year-old into World music, as a way to broaden his musical scope. Well, this soundtrack did it!! Not only he loves the movie but has gone mad for the music as well and it has been in heavy rotation in my car ever since we watched the movie.<br />The samba songs are magical and, as a Latina, it is almost impossible not to break into a dance when listening to them.<br />Every track has its weight, but the outstanding ones for us are: the opening track, \\"I Want To Party\\", \\"Fly Love\\" and the one they play when they are all at the Sambodromo.<br />In summary, this is an extremely fun soundtrack that will transport you directly to Brazil. Don't let it pass!!!
B0034G4P80|4.0|This is no batman or superman or ironman but their is a lot of things to like about thor. this film starts out with thor being cast out of his home asgard and winds up on earth. i will not give away to much of the plot but one must keep in mind that thor is done by the sane team that brought ironman to the screen and it is clear that they use the ironman formula in this movie. It works to some degree but fails at other points. If you do not expect a huge epic master piece then thor is a great movie. don't miss it.
B001F9Y2CM|5.0|PERSONALLY I THINK THIS IS A GREAT LITTLE BOX SET FOR ANY ABBA FAN. I GOT IT FOR ABOUT 40 BUCKS *INCLUDING SHIPPING* AND I FEEL IT IS A NICE SET FOR THAT PRICE. THE SMALL BOX IS EASY TO STORE AND AS FOR THE LP/CD COVERS, I NEVER DID LIKE FLIMSY THIN CARDBOARD AS A CD CASE. BUT I KEEP THEM IN THE OUTER BOX AND THAT PROTECTS THEM FROM GETTING SOILED OR DAMAGED. ALSO, I'M GLAD THEY INCLUDED A BONUS DISC WITH THE SONG'S SUCH AS *FERNANDO* THAT WAS ONLY A SINGLE *EXCEPT FOR BEING ON THE GREATEST HITS LP*.<br /><br />OH' YES, AS ANOTHER REVIEWER NOTED, THE SONG LISTING ON THE BACK COVERS OF *RING,RING* & *WATERLOO* ARE NOT EXACTLY 100% ACCURATE. BUT STILL FOR THE PRICE I PAID I'M STILL VERY PLEASED WITH THIS SET<br /><br />P.S. NICE LITTLE BOOKLET INCLUDED TOO !!!<br /><br />...................BOB
B004Q1FDHO|5.0|Really impressed with this app; I thought it would be lame but it's actually very fun! It will bring out the redneck in anyone :)
B004SBQGHS|5.0|The Android 2.2.2 update fixes the error that causes install issues. Looks great on my 5 inch screen, And for AT&amp;T users to do side loading on your Streak check the xda.forums or streakdroid site.how to uncripple at&amp;t very simple fix
0553386794|5.0|With the new series on HBO three episodes in, I thought I would add my voice to the massive amount of acclaim that this novel has received. A Game of Thrones, and the entire Song of Ice and Fire Series, is one of the best epic fantasy series ever written. George R.R. Martin has written extremely real characters that have both their virtues and vices. Martin also has such a plethora of well written main characters that he does not hesitate to kill off when it furthers the story as a whole.<br /><br />While there are no specific good or bad guys, it is hard not to root for the Stark family. They have an innate sense of honor that many of the other characters seem to lack. From the strong leader in Eddard to the shy but capable Bran we see a huge variety in each of these characters. But despite the differences, all of the Stark children, including Jon Snow, have a sense of what is right and wrong and look for the good of the people around them before they worry about their own struggles. It is this that early on sends Jon to the Wall and Ed to becoming the King's Hand.<br /><br />The balance to the Stark family is clearly the Lannisters. Their moral ground is shaky, with Tyrion reveling in whores and drinking and Jaime and Cersei more enthralled with each other than anything else. Even Joffrey, who is Robert Baratheon and Cersei Lannister's son, shows the Lannister trait of extreme selfishness. Though these characters could easily be the dark side of the story, Martin writes them very three dimensional and they have their bright spots as well. Early on we see this mostly through Tyrion, who helps Jon face the truth of the wall and even assists Bran after his troubles. Though the Lannister's clearly want the throne for themselves, they see it as being able to help the country, just as they clearly did during the revolt prior to the beginning of the series.<br /><br />Within the series as a whole there is a lot of bloodshed, death, incest, sex and drunkenness. Martin does not shy away from these ideas in his book because they are very real evils that are in the world. They are not constrained only to the `evil' characters either. Eddard Stark broke his marriage vows prior to the series and fathered a bastard son, Jon Snow, who becomes one of the main characters in the series. The real evils and blessings that are in each of the main characters lend an extremely real feeling to the entire world that George R.R. Martin has created. The only downside to the entire series is that it has taken Martin an extremely long time to finish it and only with the release of the TV series has he pushed himself to continue. I hope that he is able to finish writing the rest of the series before HBO catches up to where he is in the writing process.e ideas in his book because they are very real evils that are in the world. They are not constrained only to the `evil' characters either. Eddard Stark broke his marriage vows prior to the series and fathered a bastard son, Jon Snow, who becomes one of the main characters in the series. The real evils and blessings that are in each of the main characters lend an extremely real feeling to the entire world that George R.R. Martin has created. The only downside to the entire series is that it has taken Martin an extremely long time to finish it and only with the release of the TV series has he pushed himself to continue. I hope that he is able to finish writing the rest of the series before HBO catches up to where he is in the writing process.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|The Android 2.2.2 update fixes the error that causes install issues. Looks great on my 5 inch screen, And for AT&amp;T users to do side loading on your Streak check the xda forums or streakdroid site how to uncripple at&amp;t very simple fix
0345404475|5.0|I absolutely loved this book. I will admit, some parts of the book were sort of boring but otherwise, it was an excellent read.
B004SBX112|5.0|The Android 2.2.2 update fixes the error that causes install issues. Looks great on my 5 inch screen, And for AT&amp;T users to do side loading on your Streak check the xda forums or streakdroid site how to uncripple at&amp;t very simple fix
B004TTMYQG|3.0|This is an ok app. It's better than android's default calendar app. What I don't understand is why calendars don't natively integrate google tasks along with events.
0618918248|4.0|Richard Dawkins' \\"The God Delusion,\\" will be very helpful to persons struggling to reconcile their early religious indoctrination with their skepticism as thinking adults.  It would have been very helpful to me during my college years when I was searching for answers.         But four stars instead of five because the book is marred by his many negative comments about American politics, superfluous to his thesis except to vent his contempt for Americans.  As with so many educated foreigners that I have met, his views of Americans seem to come from the pages of the New York Times.     As an educated American - PhD in science and engineering - I know that most fair-minded and well-educated Americans consider the NYT to be a liberal propaganda organ for the left, yet also view evangelicals as deluded but generally harmless nut cases.  Dawkins' shrill warnings about theocracy and even an American Taliban are ludicrous.                  Knowledgeable Americans know the country was founded as a secular nation, with a secular constitution, by the Founding Fathers most of which, by their own written words, were atheists, a courageous thing to be in 1776.
B000008JI1|4.0|By the time Poison released their fourth album \\"Native Tongue\\" in 1993, the musical world Poison was accustomed to was literally turned on its head. Long time guitarist C.C. DeVille was replaced by guitar virtuoso Richie Kotzen, the 80's metal scene was fading quickly, and bands like Poison were simply not the large draw they had been in recent years. Poison needed to change several things to remain viable in the 1990s: the band needed to mature their party boy image, lose the spandex and hairspray for flannel and jeans, and concentrate their writing more on social issues rather than sex and good times. Poison effectively did all three things with \\"Native Tongue,\\" and did them well, but with a more mature sound the band often times seemed a little out of their element. While \\"Native Tongue\\" is actually a pretty terrific blues-rock album, it just at times seems hard to believe your actually listening to a Poison record with the change in sound and lyrical content.<br /><br />To be fair to Poison they weren't jumping on the grunge bandwagon with the release of \\"Native Tongue.\\" The band was simply continuing with the direction of their \\"Flesh and Blood\\" album by incorporating a more blues/funk based sound. I believe that most of the sound change is due to Richie Kotzen's guitar playing and musical input, and you can quickly tell the songs that Kotzen lent his pen and pad to as well. I'm actually a fan of Kotzen's guitar playing and voice on the album, and it makes for a pretty strong effort with just about every song being enjoyable and fresh sounding. By 1993 I'm sure Poison wasn't expecting to reach the heights they had with previous albums; it's an absolute shame that this album didn't win Poison a flock of new fans and bring them more accolades, but such is the world of popular music. The best songs from the album to me are \\"Ride Child Ride,\\" \\"7 Days Over You,\\" \\"Strike Up the Band\\" and \\"Theater of My Soul.\\"<br /><br />My opinion of \\"Native Tongue\\" is that Poison wanted to stay relevent in the 90s and continue their recent successes; however, that wasn't going to be as easy as it seemed. You see, most Poison fans wanted the band to stay glued to their 80's party rock sound, but Poison knew those days were long gone and at least attempted to update their sound without selling out completely.nted to stay relevent in the 90s and continue their recent successes; however, that wasn't going to be as easy as it seemed. You see, most Poison fans wanted the band to stay glued to their 80's party rock sound, but Poison knew those days were long gone and at least attempted to update their sound without selling out completely.
B003EY7IRC|5.0|Shadowfever had me guessing, feverishly turning the page (on my Kindle) desperate to know how it would end. I was TOTALLY immersed in this book, off balance and DYING with suspense and I LOVED EVERY TORTUROUS MINUTE OF IT! If that's not the mark of a great book, I don't know what it is. The entire series was fantastic and I've joined Moning's legions of Maniacs - she has an incredible imagination and Shadowfever gave me exactly what I needed while leaving me intrigued and excited to see what the future has in store for Mac/Barrons/Ryodan/Dani/Christian and V'lane/Cruce. I can't wait to see what else Karen gives us from the Fae world!!!
0811875555|5.0|I love this art book.  It has beautiful artist sketches, computer generated artwork and character concepts. It pretty much shows you how they world of Tangled was weaved together in this book. I highly recommended.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|Fast Transaction, i received it in a condition not exactly advertised but received a full refund and kept the product.  The company was sincere and apologetic for and strives for a good reputation, and they deserve it.  I will be buying it from them great customer service and satisfaction guaranteed
B000MGUZKM|5.0|It is truly wonderful to hear these two great jazz artists make their magic together once again.  These old favorites have a new, mature, deliberate depth.  Each time I listen to these songs, I feel something new.  Some of the special standouts:  Feeling Good, Rio de Janeiro Blue, Lovetown, Tell Me More and More and Then Some, and All Night Long.  Only for those who appreciate the finer jazz music.
B000WS4OUW|4.0|This album is much better then their first album, and i highly recommend this to anyone who likes rock and roll. Its rock its relaxing and very easy -listening without having commercial songs that you will hear for a month and then you will forget. A very good album to put it on your car cd player and travel.
B004SBQGHS|1.0|there are ads after you restart or pause a level. an app with ads in it is not ad-free,is it?
0345350472|4.0|A great read, something I believe that stands well beside one of the best Sci-Fi films of all time. This paperback reprint bears the name of the film-version, BLADE RUNNER, along with the original publishing title, \\"Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?\\". Reads quickly and paces well with noir/detective elements of dialogue and action alongside transcendental periods of reflection and exploration. Like PKD? Then you'll dig this book. Like the film? Well, it differs from the novel quite a lot and I think says something just as poignant, albeit with a different trajectory and emphasis.
B003UESJFG|5.0|We bought this movie as a gift for my daughter and the entire family loves it! We have seen this movie at least 20 times and still laugh throughout.
019479900X|5.0|PEOPLE, I AM BRAZILLIAN, AND I WAS LOOKING FOR A DICTIONARY COMPLETE, UNDERSTANDABLE AND COMFORTABLE TO READ, AND I JUST HAVE FOUND ALL OF IT IN THIS PERFECT DICTIONARY. FURTHERMORE, I HAVE DONE A LONG RESEARCH BY THE INTERNET AND I WAS CAPTIVATED BY THIS ONE. I DO RECOMMEND YOU ALL. A BIG HUG!!
1589949811|4.0|Pros:  - High quality cards and components.  Like most FFG games, the cards are well made and the art is fantastic.  - Box says 1-2 players, but you can unofficially play up to 4 players with just 1 core set, it works fine, but you will be playing with just the pre-constructed decks  - Has a solo play option if you can't find someone to play with, or want to test a new deck idea  - Is Wife/Girlfriend compatible.  As a co-operative game, many people have reported that they can get their wife/girlfriend to play with them, while they cannot get them to play a competitive card game like [[ASIN:1589946685 Warhammer Invasion Core Set]] or MTG.  This is the primary reason I bought it, and on that count, it delivers.  - Playable out of the box (1 of the pre-constructed decks is really, really bad solo though).  You could buy this game, and nothing else, and still get many hours of entertainment out of it for 2-4 players.  I can't imagine a single core set holding a person's interest for *that* long if they are only playing solo.  - 2 player game is well balanced in terms of difficulty  - Because it is co-op, its a good introduction to TCG/CCG/LCGs.  - Has a scoring system, so you can compare your score on a quest to other people, or your previous score.    Cons:   - Limited deck construction choices with 1 core set (or even 2), but this will be fixed as more expansion packs are released  - The solo game can be disproportionately hard.  The 3rd quest is virtually unbeatable (solo) with a single core set.  Few players with 2 core sets have even been able to beat it, and winning it currently relies on a lot of luck (the 3rd quest is ranked a 7 in difficulty, and is the hardest in the core set).  - Difficulty can be very random.  All card games have good and bad draws, but some of the mechanics in this game are set up so that very strong cards can have no effect at all, just by chance.  The number of times this happens to you in a single game makes a huge difference in difficulty.  There are also a few cards that help you control this, making the \\"odds\\" tilt more in your favor.  Perhaps future cards will help it seem less random.  - Game difficulty scales very poorly with more players.  3 and 4 player games are very easy (luckily, there are some very easy \\"house rules\\" you can add to make it more of a challenge for yourself).  - Rules are somewhat complicated compared to more mainstream card games, such as [[ASIN:B001JQY6K4 Dominion]], [[ASIN:1594721270 Thunderstone (AEG) Board Game]], etc.  This is not really a con, its just something to be aware of if you are new to this type of game.  Rules have a few things that are unclear, but the next FAQ will probably clear most of them up.  - Scoring system is kind of simple, and decks have already been created that will get a \\"perfect\\" score if you are willing to play long enough.
0764141201|5.0|PEOPLE, I HAVE UTTLERLY SATISFIED WITH THIS BOOK. IT HAS REALLY SOLVED MY PROBLEMS AND I DO RECOMMEND YOU ALL.  GOOD STUDY TO EVERYBODY!!
B000PHOY0A|1.0|I originally thought this would be an honest account of the historic factors that molded and shaped the evolution of our world societies. I was wrong. Rather, it turns out to be a convoluted attempt of intellectual slight of hand to elevate low level factors to primary factors that determine the fate of societies. This biased, one sided piece of work (by someone who doubtlessly knows better) ignores the POSSIBILITY that different races and cultures may progress or fail to progress due to factors inherent in those groups. Yet he demonizes those who think this way. To ignore these factors is scientific dishonesty and does a dis-service to every race and culture who MAY have inherent defects (and perhaps we all do) which, if identified and addressed, could actually remove barriers that inhibit progress.<br /><br />Unfortunately, our society has made such scientific inquiry professional suicide for the sake of political correctness. Many dozens of honest scientists have attempted to address these issues over the last 50 years and found themselves often jobless and always ostracized by the very scientific communities who hypocritically declare they champion integrity of research. Such punitiveness toward the search for truth has effectively closed this avenue of research. Another casualty in the graveyard of political correctness.<br /><br />Buy this book if you want to be taken for a ride and drink the Kool-Aide. Look to other resources to find the truth this book purports to address. To cut to the chase, in my opinion, this author is perhaps the real bigot, in stark contrast to the sincere, truth-seeking academicians and scientists he wags his finger toward or the unsuspecting layman who buys the book seeking knowledge but may come away not knowing he was slickly misled.
B000QFW7UA|5.0|I wore out my last copy of Goonies last year, I just wish I had bought this sooner! Not only do you get the blu-ray but it also comes with neat little extras that every fan would enjoy! Love it! Goonies never say die!
B004UID2LC|3.0|It works in manual mode. It does have a major bug when selecting preset frequencies the noise does not go away unless you change it to manual.
B000002KXO|1.0|I can't add much more to the reviews of the actual music on this album (which is superb), but I think all buyers should be aware of the completely sub-standard mastering that went into this CD release.  How it made it past the quality control ears of the band, particularly Mr. Buckingham, is beyond me.  My old cassette copy of this album sounds better than this original CD release.  DO NOT BUY this CD version.  Wait for the re-mastered release which, according to Wikipedia (which, of course, is always dead spot on), should be out sometime in 2011.  This album's music deserved better treatment than this disgraceful product.  Barely one star.
B00005AWMF|5.0|Love all the songs, used to have some of them on tape.  Her voice soothe me, and the lyrics don't seem to matter too much.
B004LW8C0I|5.0|A must see for highly gifted kids
B003VANOFY|5.0|Pros:  - Wireless with good battery life  - Built in voice modulator  - Multi band equilizer  - Surround sound with adjustment  - Hot keys and volume adjustment  - Boom mic with auto off on fold up  - Lightweight and comfortable    Cons:  - It costs a bit more than the competition  - The materials and build seem fragile
B004FOA84A|2.0|good game but only has one adventure/ level. I solved it in 1 hr :( uninstalled. would have been 5 stars if more levels. also, music wouldn't turn off without me lowering media volume of my phone. HTC evo
B004A8ZWSS|5.0|Item purchased met my expectations
0756404738|5.0|...to describe how devastatingly beautiful this story is. Patrick has outdone himself in furthering Kvothe's story, but I know third time pays all.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|This item that I purchased met my expectation
B002JVWR0Y|5.0|This is by far the best season in the entire series and certainly one worth spending money buying the Blu-ray discs for. I am ready for more Dexter already.
1416596585|5.0|This book has taken me through a series of fascinating internal debates, no only within Google, but within my own mind. The book details how the people working in and around Google have debated issues of privacy, human rights and corporate culture, among others.<br /><br />While we all enjoy the advantages of finding any factoid in milliseconds, the book details horror stories from the complaints department of Google that a former abusive spouse was able to catch up with a person who had hoped to hide from them forever. This is a side of search I'd never considered.  Of course, the book goes deeply into the debates around restrictions requested on the Internet by various countries, but which countries and why is surprising.<br /><br />Most of all, I was captivating by the idea of creating a non-hierarchical leadership structure without chaos.  I served 13 years in the Marine Corps and have worked in universities and embassies, both as a part of the State Department and as a local hire. Historically, militaries, universities and embassies from any country have been top-down hierarchical structures.  However, when the Marine Corps put me in Staff Academy, a four-week mid-level management training course, we were all the same rank of staff sergeant.  In that scenario, various people in the 23-man group volunteered to lead various segments of our course according to their unique expertise. I came away from that course amazed by how fluid and operationally effective this technique was. However, until In The Plex, I had never believed it possible to implement this concept on a broader scale.<br /><br />Google appears to have intentionally made its program managers new, inexperienced members who had to collect data and appeal to the logic of their ... uh, subordinate? engineers with more experience both in Google and in the business.  Subsequently decisions were made more on data than on power struggles.  Like so many aspects of the Google story, this seems too idealistic to be true.  If I didn't have the all staff sergeant Marine experience, I wouldn't have believed it possible.  But I lived it once and I think that thick-skinned people who are openly honest with themselves and their teammates about their abilities really could revolutionize what has been corporate culture in the United States since Ford.  I'd like to see that.<br /><br />This is a great thought-provoking book.to be true.  If I didn't have the all staff sergeant Marine experience, I wouldn't have believed it possible.  But I lived it once and I think that thick-skinned people who are openly honest with themselves and their teammates about their abilities really could revolutionize what has been corporate culture in the United States since Ford.  I'd like to see that.<br /><br />This is a great thought-provoking book.
0670022411|5.0|Some books on this subject can get a bit \\"fake\\" but I believe Deborah Harkness did a great job keeping it as \\"real\\" as possible. I'm definitely looking forward to the sequel.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|Granted, Matt Smith is no David Tennant but he is still a joy to watch. Also, the set itself is spectacular with jewel DVD cases holding each disk in place. Very excited to finish watching and to watch the new season on BBC.
B002T9H2MO|5.0|I enjoyed this sci-fi movie about a man at a mining outpost on the moon. It has hints of the movie \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\" in it's own computer/robot that gets caught in a lie. However, it's storyline is nothing like \\"2001\\".    The movie becomes more and more intriguing as it progresses and that kept me interested throughout the whole movie as I tried to figure out what was really happening to this man.
B000NVIXFK|4.0|Rush hit a new peak with 2002's \\"Vapour Trails,\\" an album where Neil Peart dealt with the loss of his wife and child, and the effects of 9/11 with stomach kicking intensity. \\"Snakes and Arrows\\" is a slight step back from that forcefulness, but it is still an album that finds the band in the same form that \\"Trails\\" brought them back to. There is still a large chunk of Peart's lingering pain, but the band is playing at full throttle once more. After all, \\"Snakes and Arrows\\" is an album that contains three, yes three, instrumentals. Like the prog-rockers they always have been, Rush reminds everyone that they are virtuoso musicians. Who else in rock could carry an album that rocks this hard and hits so often without words?<br /><br />Still, when the first words from Geddy Lee are \\"Pariah dogs and wandering madmen barking at strangers and speaking in tongues,\\" you know you're back to the power that Rush started delivering around the time of \\"Permanent Waves.\\" Lifeson has backed off the keyboards a bit, though, and his guitar is the mad mixture of acoustic picking (the instrumental \\"Hope\\") to the atmospheric power chording (on \\"Far Cry\\"), blistering solos (\\"Armour and Sword\\") and the loud blues thunder on the politically bent \\"The Way The Wind Blows.\\" \\"Snakes and Ladders\\" was Rush's 18th studio album and it was recorded shortly after the band celebrated their 30th anniversary. With the powerful duo of releases that were \\"S&L\\" and \\"Vapour Trails,\\" is astounding to see/hear how well they've matured.
142338928X|4.0|This book is so well written and beautiful to hear, but it is much too long and I fear I won't go further with the tale in the next book. I got bored with the story before I finished the 1st disc so jumped to the 2nd.  The story picked up with Kvothe in university, but soon slowed again.  However, it's the reader that makes it enchanting to me and the reason I've kept on.  I will find every audio book I can that Nick Podehl has done.  I wish extremely long books like this could be put into an abridged version for we more impatient readers.
0316056863|4.0|Many books are often described as being \\"funny\\". \\"Bossypants\\" lives up to and surpasses those expectations. Lacking the depth and chronological fluidity of a true autobiography Tina Fey substitutes those aspects for a more topical approach without sacrificing humor. Granted the anecdotes were my favorite aspect of the book, her philosophical takes on matters such as motherhood are imbued with Fey's trademark tart humor that makes the book a joy to read. She also offers the reader a glimpse into her personality that is not portrayed in her films and television roles. Note of warning: when reading in public be prepared to have people look at you as you giggle, chuckle and snort your way through it.
B001DCQI8W|5.0|As a Brucknerite, I had my reservations towards mr Karajan and owning 2 records with his vision on Bruckner (nr 2 and 6) I wasn't too impressed, finding these recordings confirming some prejudices on the conductor (too pumpuous, too much focussed on effects). Wanting to complete my collection, I finaly bought this cycle but was nailed to the ground when I listened to the first disc I played. It was the seventh, and I, and my girlfriend, were moved by the powerful vision and beautiful orchestral sound  that Karajan got out of Bruckner. His approach suddenly made sense: by putting more force and power in the orchestra (and the Berliners are the ones to do that), finally details and nuances are audible in the living room. You see: recordings are not made to be a mere archiving of what the conductor is usually doing in the concert hall: they should be ment to deliver as much of the concert hall experience to the living room. And in order to do that, you need to do it the way Karajan does it. So crystal clear a reading and exposure of all the elements this beautiful music has, I have never heard before. Since that moment, I listened to the first and could not stop at the end of that disc, were the fifth starts.   In short: amazing and a true addition to so completely different readings, but equally valuable, as those of Jochum, Wand, Furtwängler and my personal favorite: Eduard van Beinum. All these being perhaps more moving, but played and recorded as though they did it live, in the concert hall and therefore not delivering the music so well as Karajan does.
B004SEVPWQ|5.0|This is the best pool game I've ever played, and judd on my phone... Wtf? Multilayer is nice when people font get mad and quit. Awesome game.
B000BEZQ0Y|3.0|I love all of this music, but each track is very brief and I'd wished for more music.  It seems like each track could have been included in a longer edition.  I was disappointed, but still love the music!  There is 39 mins. of music total.
0452289963|5.0|No need to worry and wonder about the future of the world: follow Eckhart Tolle and create the new earth with the rest of us.
0425166805|5.0|This is a very good book, some of the info is outdated and needs a revamp, but it is very eye opening.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|I love the oversized snooze button. So much better than the stock application. The fade in alarm is nice subtle touch.
B003JSSPSY|1.0|This is a HORRIBLE series! Read the books by Terry Goodkind. They are a hundred percent better! This tv series is a waste of time and puts the books to shame. I'm so sad that a good book series is being destroyed like this.
B004I2K4DY|1.0|I bought it thru Amazon and when I tried to play it  wouldn't work so I sent it back for a full refund, no problem.
B0000524CY|1.0|Beware!  \\"The Version You've Never Seen\\" is either a joke or somebody's colossal mistake.  There appear to be scenes left out, at least compared to my memory of the original, which makes the plot frustratingly hard to follow in places.  By the end my head was spinning and I was vomiting pea soup.  The Exorcist is a great film, definitely five stars, but spend your money on one of the other versions.  This turkey is going in the trash instead of to Goodwill; I'm not a sadist.
B004M3H17Q|5.0|Release only in February this will be one of the top 2 or 3 albums released in 2011, perhaps the best. Solid awesome.
B000UAFDP2|2.0|If you are going to review a Blu-Ray movie, please describe the audio/video quality.<br /><br />Thanks R.Kevin Hill for explaining in detail how to get this movie to play.  I just happened to have a male to female USB extension cable and a 256MB Flash Drive, which allowed the movie to play on my Sony Blu-Ray player (the USB port is in a recessed port on the back of the player).  What really stinks about this, is the fact that there is not an explanation of this requirement on the package, in big, bold letters.  I didn't see it in the product description on Amazon either.  It is a good thing I read the reviews, or I would have had no idea how to play this movie.<br /><br />At several times in the movie, there was a \\"Do you want more information\\" message, but I had no idea what to do to get more info.  I tried \\"Enter\\", the blue button, the red button, and directional keys.  I'm not sure if I got the extra info or not.<br /><br />The video quality was extremely good, 9.7 on a scale of 1-10 (there were some scenes with some grain).  One of the best Blu-Ray visual experiences I have had.  The audio was good (Dolby 5.1 TrueHD), but I didn't feel the sub-woofer bass was strong enough.<br /><br />This is a very gory movie - not for people who don't like a lot of blood and guts.
1439153663|1.0|I also had high expectations for this book because I love historical fiction.  However, I was very disappointed.  I felt that the characters and the storyline were both very shallow and not very believable.  Lavinia, in particular, was a simple, naive character and it was difficult having to put up with her narration through most of the book.  I also got so weary of the rape, incest and drug use.  Like others, I am shocked by the popularity of this book and would not recommend it.  I like most things that I read but that wasn't the case with this book.
B000000OF6|5.0|Item was for my son so I have not listened to it.  But the item was in good shape and I believe it was a good deal.
B004G6009U|5.0|This movie truly keeps with the Disney quality. I prefer this movie over most other animated Disney.  Truely Pure Disney.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|It seems that the publishers think that digital files cost as much as printing and binding books. I think they would sell more and make more money if they kept ebooks below $5-$7. this consumer refuses to buy an ebook for over $6.
B004E547D8|4.0|Outstanding movie,  A good light hearted film worth watching, especially if your into spy movies.  The players in this film were and are outstanding.
1591844096|5.0|Godin pushes the reader to think differently in this book and questions many traditional thoughts about education, work, and business. I really enjoyed this book and I think it is his best book I've read so far. I highly recommend this book.
B004RF2KAC|1.0|Absolutely horrible music on this cd.  Why would someone with such a beautiful voice want to sing such horrible music.  I personally have no plans of purchasing anything that sounds this bad. Hopefully she can redeem herself on the next one.
0307887960|2.0|To be fair, I haven't made it all the way through the book and probably won't. I don't eat meat and this book basically starts to slam those that are not a \\"carnivorous hunter\\". The author even states that If vegetarian, then the diet becomes very hard to follow.<br />So once I hit that part of the book, I slowly became less enthused and eventually stopped reading. Yes, some of the concepts and information that is given is helpful but nothing new and breakthrough. But it is hard to take on the concepts if I cannot apply them to my every day eating habits. I am relatively healthy and I was just looking forward to a way to improve and tweak my eating habits but unfortunately, this book is of no value.<br />I bought it on my kindle, which is a shame, because now I am stuck with a useless book that I can't give to someone else.<br />I started reading Body Confidence and that book has a lot more value, not only to a vegetarian, but to those who do eat meat and is a lifestyle (I hate saying diet because of the connotation behind that word) that anyone can follow.
081297963X|5.0|A Photographer's Life, showcases Annie Leibovitz's remarkable talent.  There is her very moving and personal photographic account of her father's death as well as that of Susan Sonntag.  In contrast to these are the show business personalities and the beautiful landscapes and horrific images of the results of warfare against the innocent.  A truly wonderful collection by an inspired woman of the camera
B004Q7E0TA|5.0|Wow.<br /><br />I have always like Portia de Rossi as an actress, I had no idea she is such a great writer. I could not put this book down, I had to force myself to stop and head over to work.<br /><br />It feels like she landed into Hollywood with self image issues and a lot of insecurity, which she cannot be blamed for, and she was very young to start there like this.<br />This book will make you feel the rush, the pressure, the \\"size does matter\\", and the loneliness in a place where you do not fit to their non-realistic pattern. It will make you hate the paparazzi, if you do not already do. It will make you understand a lot of 'whys\\". Why are they so thin, and why it really is all smoke and mirrors.<br /><br />I am so happy that she found love with her wife, the happiness smiles to you through the pages when she gets to the part after she met her.<br /><br />You will learn a lot from this book. I promise.<br />Read it.<br /><br />You have to.
B004K4IZ3G|5.0|I grew up on the original and it is one of the reasons I'm a \\"computer guy\\" today.  The picture and the audio on this disc are fantastic and the extras are pretty good.    The story is a little thin here and there, but its based of a story where a guy gets lazer'd into a computer. Cut it some slack. A fine example of style of substance, but man does it look cool.
B002F6FQGK|5.0|I downloaded this album after hearing a few samples. Lately, I'm in the habit of keeping my extensive music selection on \\"shuffle\\", and will snatch it up to see who's playing if it's something interesting.    The last dozen or so times I've had a Wow! Who's that?! moment, and grabbed my phone, it's always been this band.     They stand out from the crowd. Unusual sound, unusual lyrics, thank heaven for unusual. I download often, and cull out music I don't like pretty regularly, but sometimes you just need that little something different. This is it.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|I will not go into the mistakes the movie has with the Marvel Universe's take on the history of Thor; suffice to say, the details that are overlooked are minor in the grand scheme of this movie. The plot is very exciting, with action, political intrigue, romance, and comedy. The score for the movie is strong. The graphics are mind-blowing, and I only saw it in 2D. Over all, you will enjoy this movie whether you are a comic buff or just someone looking for a good movie; it is not too action-heavy to alienate most people, but has enough to stay exciting. Most importantly, the action is not used to hide the fact that there is no plot. I definitely recommend watching the movie, whether it be tomorrow morning at the earliest possible showing or after it is on Netflix and in Redbox.
B001VNB54A|5.0|A brilliant movie.  Very depressing-I am happy it is over.  Every politician should be required to see this movie before voting to send troops to war.  Very gruesome-I believe realistic though.
B0035WTE52|5.0|Bueno, se trata de una bella edición de grandes clásicos de ac/dc, está bien acabado y me parece que tomando en cuenta que se trata de dos vinilos OGV es un buen precio. Lo recomiendo.
B003FNWR6Y|4.0|Its Monopoly. Its great!  Things I didn't like:  Characters pieces are mostly lame! (some pikmin thing, some fire hydrant cactus???)      Wheres mario? Bowser? etc?  The houses are the generic houses from the other monopoly.  I bought this as a gift for someone who didn't have monopoly. I just wish they would have gone that extra mile to make it really NINTENDO MONOPOLY.
0345522478|5.0|So glad I found this new series. Thank you for the chance to enjoy your book. My husband and I are eagerly awaiting the second book and some more wonderful off-handed comments from Oberon! Awesome book. Be sure to read.
B00009R6BF|3.0|Should have gone with the heavier duty. At Most it can hold a Elinchrom Quadra head or an sb-600. SB-800 with the 5th battery made it sag down.
0226264211|1.0|Even-though this author won the Nobel prize in Economics, he does not engage dialogue beyond rhetorics and plain discourse. The author opens by telling us about an economic \\"Freedom\\" which is intrinsically tied to political \\"Freedom\\" where plutocracy and economic anarchism seem to be venerated as the gold standard. The author rants about the marvels of capitalism yet he fails to remind the reader the number of times that Wall-Street had to be rescued from full collapse including the last TARP bail out (Understandably this book was first published in 1962 right after the Defense & Military Privatization in the US was set in motion).<br /><br />Friedman also fails by demonstrating that trickled down economics works beyond public relations campaigns. Like Ayn Rand, Friedman also pretends to demonstrate that the unethical wealth and violations of Human Rights can lead to \\"Human Progress...\\"<br /><br />The worst aspect of this book is that it disconnects the fact that those producing all the wealth, the poor and middle working classes, are not the ones managing the wealth or even benefiting from the wealth they produce. Instead, we have a parasitic economic class which has to be rescued so often and which is perpetuating the status quo.<br /><br />The last of Friedman's sophisms is to portrait a \\"Free\\" human being under a plutocracy; Friedman attempts to convince the reader that if you have the right to exploit and being exploited then you must be free. Milton sees no responsibility for the new feudal lord, the CEO, and he sees no Human or even Civil Rights on a Social Community and a Safety Net; yet it is here, in the social realm and community, where the financial parasite makes all the illegal wealth. Friedman ignores the unethical behavior and sweeps it under the carpet by invoking the fallacy of freedom in deregulating a Public Safety Net (e.g. Privatizing Pensions and Public Institutions) where humans are \\"free\\" while living in scarcity and fully vulnerable to socioeconomic exploitation.oeconomic exploitation.
B004SBS8LA|1.0|I had to get it from the regular Android market bc it kept crashing when i got it from here.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I love all of the angry birds but this one is the best. The graphics are better and the game play seems smoother.
0893815233|5.0|I loved these photos! You might hate this book if you are sensitive about art that is a bit more intimate. This is her family! She would never have malicious intent and if you can see it as something more than \\"naked kids\\" than you might really enjoy this book.   This book and Dan Winter's work of his son are, in my opinion, some of the best work on youth in america.
B000W93CHC|4.0|Ken Follett's \\"The Pillars of the Earth\\" exercised such a powerful impact on me that I could not wait to read its sequel \\"World Without End\\".       I started reading the novel with great enthusiasm, with an expectation of thrill and excitement but, alas, the book did not capture my attention that much.  However, I must say, Mr. Follett continues to write with his customary aplomb, maintaining a smooth narrative style, yet at times one does not know what the author is driving at. The plot does not create the same curiosity in the reader as it created in \\"The Pillars of the Earth\\". There are too many twists, turns, and actions, though by themselves interesting, do not create the suspense or a sense of wonder to hold the reader.  Most of the incidents become predictable.  The villain has only one purpose and that is to rape any young girl, he may fancy. There are the usual stock characters in powerful positions, corrupt to the core, putting as many obstacles as possible in the way of any reform that may benefit the suffering people of Kingsbridge.  The traditionalists oppose progressive ideas throughout the novel; the persons holding high offices are interested only in augmenting their wealth, and enhancing their security.      There is one thing about the novel that I must praise and that is the way, Mr. Follett has drawn the portrait of the life in the 14th century. He has described the conditions of people's life, the corruption of the church, the pressure emanating from the religious authority to induce fear of God among the populace, the then prevailing concept of sin and virtue and the demand for an unconditional obedience to king in such a way that the reader feels transported to that era.      Ken Follett also makes the reader aware of the plight of the women in those days.  Caris who comes from a well to do family wants to become a doctor, when for a woman to become doctor was not considered proper.  She persists and secretly learns to treat people.  Mattie who is an expert in herbal medicine teaches Caris her trade.  Caris does not think God is the answer to all problems and she believes in taking responsibility.  She was ahead of her time and later in life, she pays a heavy price for her advanced views.  She becomes very popular especially when she treats the people affected by plague.  People in power envied her popularity and accused her of heresy because she did not believe in God.  In those days, a person not believing in God received a death sentence.  Caris eventually becomes a nun to keep herself alive. (I am glad that I am not living in the 14th century.)  Her courage, noble character and charismatic personality charms the reader.    Caris' boyfriend Merthin is a creative, ambitious, and compassionate person. It is his dream to build the tallest cathedral and a bridge on the river, to facilitate the two-way transportation.  He was talented and people recognized his talent but his boss got jealous and he created many problems for him.  Finally, Merthin left Kingsbridge and went to Florence in Italy where he learned many more skills in the construction business.    The author has shown the positive and negative aspects of the characters brilliantly, and we all experience the same love, hatred, animosity and hurt along with them.  Merthin faced too many obstacles because of the ill will of his brother Ralph and his boss who envied his talent and fame.  It is tragic how jealousy, envy, hatred, and greed can harm the innocent human beings who have good intentions and do not wish any harm to anyone.       It is distressing to know that the King knew that Ralph is a rapist and a murderer and still makes him the Earl of Shiring. It is true, he saved King's life and bravely fought in the war with France, but making a rogue the Earl of Shiring I simply found unbearable.     Ralph ruined many a young woman's lives. He tortured the poor by taxing them heavily, and destroyed the country by neglecting the needs of the farmers. Some people can be ruthless, vicious, and vindictive towards the weak and the helpless and they still manage to hold high positions.      When I read about Gwenda's father wanting to sell her to a rapist, my heart sank. How could any society at any period allow such atrocities?  I am not convinced that poverty will lead to such a cold-blooded and mean spirited action.     In the 14th century, women lived in a lawless society and they survived only through their wits. Gwenda survived by using her courage, and her strategic plan and Caris reached her ambition purely by her intelligence and dedication.    The one confusion that I had in this book is the novel starts with a mysterious murder and a letter buried in the ground.  The four children Merthin, Ralph, Caris, and Gwenda watch this and they silently run away after witnessing the scene.  Later after many years, Merthin digs the ground to find the hidden letter, reads the letter, and then buries it again.  It does not seem to be very relevant to the story.  Merthin discovers that Edward II was not dead but was in disguise and ran away from England.    Despite all the flaws that I found in the novel, I am glad I read this book because otherwise I would not have realized the hazards and the hardships of the ordinary folks during that period. Ken Follett has done an excellent job in describing the horror of plague and its devastating effect on the people.  I recommend this book because it makes us understand our past and appreciate the tremendous progress we have since made.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|We as a family (2 adults and 2 10 year olds) have really enjoyed playing this game.  There are lots of rules but the whole family gets into it.  We like it so much we are planning on getting the expansions set!  We have also played this as a group of 4 adults and there is defiantly strategy to use.  If you like Risk or any other of those types of games then this is right up your ally!
B004SBQALA|5.0|Started a wee bit slow but overall I thought this movie was awesome! Which is why I have the blu-ray on preorder :D  I'd recommend this movie to anyone who likes this sort of thing. Can't wait for the next one!
B000QRIGLC|5.0|I got the kindle edition sample. Let me say the sample doesn't give it the justice it deserves. It starts of little slow, but wow it takes off. This is a awesome read for military or the  civilian . Amazing true story ! Thanks Mark for telling us the story . If I had five thumbs, I would give it five thumbs up !
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Best alarm clock app ever!  It has so many great features to make sure you dont go back to sleep accidentally. I use the math setting every day. I haven't overslept once yet.
B001OQCV2E|5.0|This movie was spell binding. We were amazed at the speed of story. We have been happy with the delivery service & quality of products we have recieved in the last 3 years. Keep up the great work Amazon. :) GLenys[[ASIN:B001OQCV2E 2012]]
B001TODO54|2.0|ive heard really good reviews of this book, but i just didn't like it. i got about three quarters through and couldn't stand it any longer. some people compared to the hunger games (?)it is nowhere as good as HG. no adventure, just pathetic romance between a twelve yr old and, what, eighteen? ....
B0012BTBQU|2.0|I got the audio version of this book recently because I was interested in the author's newest book The Way of Kings. However, upon hearing that it was to be the start of a ten book series, I was wary.  I didn't want to get involved in a long, drawn out series in which books pass with absolutely nothing happening like Robert Jordan's series (and knowing that Sanderson is the one finishing that didn't help).  So I thought I'd go back to an earlier work, see how I liked him, and decide from there.    The magic system in Mistborn is pretty interesting, not like anything I've seen before. So that was nice. And I was enjoying the story itself even if the characters were leaving something to be desired.  The thing that really ruined this book for me is the quality of the writing.  The dialogue in particular is weak.  Characters who are conversing with one another seem to react in one of five or six ways: they nod, smile, frown, sigh or 'pause.' Sometimes they might roll their eyes. They don't have to actually be doing anything to pause. Sanderson seems to have decided that 'pause' is the best way to describe any time a character is surprised or startled by something someone else is telling them.  And they do these things over and over again. Maybe it's a result of listening to the story instead of reading it, making it sound incredibly repetitive, but there were times I actually had to turn it off and come back to it later because it was irritating me so badly every time someone would frown or pause.  I'd like to look at a hard copy of the book to see how many times per page each character pauses in some places.  There are so many ways a writer can convey the emotions he was trying to convey with all those sighs and rolly eyes and frowns, I honestly don't understand how no one said \\"Come on, don't you at least have a thesaurus? Is this the only way you can say this?\\"    I don't think I'll be buying the rest of the series, or the new series either. And it's a shame becauseI don't dislike the story, but once I start noticing this kind of thing I can never stop seeing it.  It's a real pity when a decent story gets derailed by mechanical issues like this.
B0028RXXFC|5.0|Excelente serie. Tengo esta misma serie en DVD y decidí comprarla en BLU-Ray, para regalarle mis DVD a un familiar.  Extraordinaria manera de presentar un momento de la historia. Es creíble la forma en que HBO creó esta pieza maestra, no hay efectos especiales que exageren el relato. La ambientación es preciosa. El vestuario y escenografía nos hace pensar que así era la vida en aquella época de Roma.  Desde un principio, esta serie te atrapa, te hace querer ver más capítulos. Lastimosamente HBO se merece una estrella, por haber cancelado tan magnifica serie, que todavía tenía mucho que decirnos. El capítulo final te hace pensar que la serie continuará y te quedas con ese agradable sabor en la boca.  A mi esposa le fascinan los personajes principales de la historia, la vi llorar por la suerte de los dos soldados romanos. Hemos visto esta historia dos veces y la seguiremos viendo.  No daré detalles del desarrollo de la serie, prefiero que sea usted mismo quien la aprecie y estoy seguro que coincidirá conmigo.    Este blu-ray vale cada dolar que se ha invertido. Excelente presentación y extras.
B004XWLN20|1.0|All I see is people comparing this to prices, if you wait its so much cheaper and a better blu ray set will come out.I purchased my Smallville seasons last year's black friday on amazon, those were 10 dollars a season, I got all 9 seasons on DVD for little over a hundred dollars, so this set in my eyes is overpriced, your pretty much paying lot for a few timbits, which are cool I bet but not worth this pricetag. Don't get me wrong I love smallville but this would have been perfect with a 150 pricetag 175 tops
0920668372|2.0|I bought this book because I thought of it as a 'classic' and I remembered the refrain, \\"I love you forever. I like you for always. As long as I'm living, my baby you'll be.\\", which is really sweet.    When I read it, however, I was really creeped out from the point where the son is a teenager and the mom is still sneaking in his room and rocking him, onward. When she drives across town and sneaks in her grown son's window, well, that is just WAY over the top.     Imagine if you (as a wife) woke up and your mother-in-law was in your bedroom holding your husband and singing to him -- that's stuff of psycho-thriller movies.    Also, I don't really want my preschool age son thinking about me getting old and senile one day and him having to take care of me. That subject matter is just too heavy for him at his age, in my opinion.
B004KRQFI0|5.0|I purchased this EP after stumbling upon the title track and was equally impressed by the entire thing altogether -- Skrillex (Sonny Moore) clearly has has a knack for extremely well polished production and instantly catchy, almost pop-like melodies. His tracks roar with a huge over-the-top sound which typically consists of bobbing dubstep beats, sharp buzzsaw synths, and vocals from all different sources, ranging from obscure samples to guest vocalists to Sonny's own voice. At the same time, its never overwhelming. Even the three remixes are well worth their place on the EP. They aren't there simply to fill disc space either; Quite the contrary! They're actually as good as the originals. The Zedd Remix of \\"Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites\\" has to be my personal favorite, which turns said track into nervous fidget house music. Its epicness that matches the original in its own way. In short, this is modern electronic dance music at its finest. You won't be disappointed!
B004FOA84A|1.0|Can't even play the game. Every time I try to open it, an error pops up and it force closes. Uninstalling from my droid 2
B000000WCV|5.0|Repetition in house music has never sounded better than in Daft Punk's Homework. Its not repetitive for the sake of stretching out a track's length, but rather to build anticipation for and introduce the next element of the song. When it gets going, everything compliments each other beautifully, which is saying a lot when you take into consideration that most of this music was built from the ground up on tweaked samples. Aside from Daft Punk's best known works from this album like \\"Around the World\\" and \\"Da Funk\\", nearly every one of the other tracks stand up well on their own. My personal favorites have to be \\"Teachers\\" and \\"High Fidelity\\", for the brilliant use of their samples. Daft Punk has never been better than they were on this album. Initially, its relentless throbbing sound may turn some new listeners off (don't let the first tracks you hear by Daft Punk be \\"Rollin' & Scratchin'\\" or \\"Rock n' Roll\\"!), but with some repeated listens you begin to better appreciate it. Once you do, Homework nearly becomes its own genre of music. Deserves no less than 5 stars!
0380715430|4.0|Bill Bryson has made his name primarily as a travel writer, but has branched out in various ways (writing, science, etc.).  In this breezy and fun book, Bryson takes us on a journey through the language of English, both geographically (England, America, Australia) and through time (from the earliest British Celts to modern times).  It is undoubtedly a fun and enlightening book, looking into the origins of words, sentence structure, spelling, that make up the modern tongue we call \\"English\\".  In reality, of course, English is a related series of dialects, and someone from Scotland might be incomprehensible to someone from Louisiana, or Newfoundland, or Tasmania, even though they are all putatively speaking \\"English\\".  (I don't mean to pick on people from any of those places - my wife has trouble understanding the regional dialect from my hometown, and has no trouble with the deep south Louisiana spoken by a colleague that I find incomprehensible.)    Bryson divides his book up into thematic sections like those I've listed above (spelling, grammar, word origins, etc.).  I found the historical sections to be the most interesting and entertaining to read, as well as discussion on regional differences.  Most enlightening are probably the lists of \\"regional\\" words he sometimes includes (e.g British words that the reader would have to \\"match up\\" with the American version, e.g. lorry to truck).  It's also entertaining to consider slang words with different meanings in different countries (e.g. \\"pissed\\" is \\"angry\\" in America but \\"drunk\\" in Britain). He makes full use of the humourous misunderstandings that can arise in such cross-cultural situations.    Of course, many of the irregularities in English arise because it is a polyglot language, with Celtic, Norman French, Latin, Gaellic (Scottish and Irish), Welsh, Anglo-Saxon, and Viking languages all being mixed together.  Add to this the fact that (unlike for French) there is no central English-language authority, and you get the bizarre situations where the letter group \\"ough\\" can be pronounced \\"oh\\" (in though), oo (in through), uff (in tough), and o (short o, in thought).  Similarly, a well-known swear word beginning with \\"f\\" has such versatility that it can be used as an adverb, adjective, verb, and noun in the same sentence, e.g. \\"He ****ing left me for some ****ing woman he's been ****ing, the ****er.\\"  (If Amazon will let me get away with such an example....)    Overall, this is an enjoyable read, and one where you'll often be surprised at things you've taken for granted but, on hindsight, really don't make a lot of sense.  Similarly, it's easy to pick up and put down because of its modular nature, perfect as a coffee-table book.  There are a couple issues that knock it down from 5 stars to 4 stars, mainly because it tends to rely too heavily on examples, which leads to narrative boredom after a while.  He also tends to overemphasize certain points, where he tries to convince the reader that something is absurd, but chooses a bad example.  At the risk of making the same mistake as Bryson, a couple of examples are, 1. More than once he mentions that \\"impede\\" is a common word but \\"the equally useful expede\\" has fallen out of use, apparently ignoring terms like \\"expedited shipping\\" or the travel website \\"Expedia\\"; 2. He points out that the same ending is used for multiple types of structure in a sentence, and concludes that sentence parts are artificial - but different verb tenses having the same ending does not make them the same tense!  3. One theory on the origin of the dollar sign is that it's a P and S superimposed (from peso), \\"even though it looks nothing like a P and an S\\" ... but $ looks exactly like a P and S superimposed.  Perhaps that's being nitpicky - I enjoyed the book a lot, and picked up lots of interesting party trivia and learned a lot in spite of how much I enjoyed the reading.
B0007DAZW8|3.0|If you loved the ingenious sample reworking of Homework, chances are, you probably won't like this third album by Daft Punk. And if you loved the warm, soulful house music sound of Discovery, then chances are, you will likely hate it. Human After All is unlike Homework, and its nothing like Discovery. Here, Daft Punk sounds like they've become an electric rock band. Its a 45 minute ice-cold blend of nothing but electric guitars, drum machines, and robot voices. In ironic contrast to its title, theres little to be heard that really sounds human at all. Now thats not necessarily a bad thing, but by sticking strictly to this formula, many of the songs on the album run thin about half-way though. Human After All's hit-and-miss string of tracks doesn't help matters either. Half of the offerings here are solid and really pack a punch (I'm sure we can all agree that Human After All, Robot Rock, Technologic are easily among the album's best) but the other half of tracks sound like straight up album filler that drags on simply for time's sake (*cough*EMOTION!).
B004LL1HM4|5.0|I'm not going to touch on the music itself in this review, as YOU, the listener, should be able to tell just how unique it is yourself.       Since I've been listening to this album, I've often said that it captures what it must have felt like to be alive and conscious during the summer of 67, when there was en explosion of sounds that absolutely FLOORED people. Not in the way that these guys are hippies that only strive to recreate LSD soaked folk jams, but in the way that this album (and this band) are important. Important like Astral Weeks and Sgt. Peppers: also important like Jeff Buckley's Grace and OK Computer.         Fleet Foxes, in 20 years, will be included in and likened with the bands that created the sounds that shaped the consciousness of everybody in the world. And Helplessness Blues will be one big topic.
B004DH8IK0|4.0|Beginning is always the trickiest part of a review, and perhaps, in some ways, so is the beginning of a good album. So lets start there shall we?  Immersion gets this right with it's opening track. Just over a full minute of exactly what you weren't expecting from this modern electro-rock act: an orchestral opening. However, this orchestra soon combines itself with some Disney-esque video game soundtrack until you find your self launched into the albums first of many electro-jungles with the albums second track \\"Salt In The Wounds.\\" For any listener familiar with this style, the hyper fast amen brakes will come as no surprise. However, the true punch in this track come from its tempo changes, adding some additional and unexpected flavor to this electro-jungle trip. But, wait it's been almost ten minutes of music and still no vocals. Just as this realization ticks in the listener is transported to a true soundscape of sounds rather like the seaside as an introduction to the albums third track \\"Watercolour.\\"  Finally we have vocals added into a new mix of jungle style beats and electro-rock hooks. This track makes no departure from already diverse predecessors pleasing the ears with it's energizing buildups and comforting transitions.  Next the listener is taken to what might be the album's strangest track with its vocoded vocals samples, gated style drum claps, Theremin homage space hooks one can hardly take \\"Set Me On Fire\\" seriously, but perhaps that was Pendulum's intention as it is a much needed break before another jungle-beat heavy rock track titled \\"Crush\\". However, the listener is once again rewarded with an acoustic break down at the end of the track.  At this point in the album the \\"electro\\" knob is turned up another notch with the almost Squarepusher nodding \\"Under The Waves\\". This trend continues with the next track \\"Immunize\\" but adds a little more on the almost goofy side hinted at by earlier tracks. Yes, now, we made it to halfway point and a two-part piece call \\"The Island\\". This two-part piece could easily the highlight of the album with a great build up for part one and an even greater and edgy classic-synth-modern-editing heavy breakdown for part two. After this high the album turns, sadly, for a bit of low with five more mainstream sounding tracks, all good, but lacking in the influence nodding fun of the previous tracks. The track \\"Witchcraft\\", however, is beautifully non-traditionally structured piece that easily compensates for its mainstream sound. The album ends almost as strong as it begins with the track \\"Encoder\\" breaking down into a surprise soundscape at the tracks end.  Overall this is a great and listener-rewarding album but a bit heavy on the mainstream side of things. What is perhaps best about this album is that it introduces the more mainstream listener to the more experimental and creative side of technology influenced music and may speak of a more past friendly and less mainstream music future.
B000NDI3SK|5.0|Bronowski has followed on the heels of Clark's `Civilization' on behalf of man's chief scientific achievements.In order to pull this off he has had less material to go on than Clark in terms of visual monuments,artefacts and buildings and has had to explain and illustrate major theories,processes and intellectual ideas.The question of how to film this would have been a major conundrum.He does this by taking us though each intellectual step by a kind of passionate articulation,dramatic delivery which includes pregnant pauses as if he's searching for the word he needs,and a studied rhythm of movement,pacing and expression.Also each episode takes us through mankind's development,from pastoralism,to agriculture(great pictures of the formation of breadwheat),to metallurgy, to settled civilization,as well as man's long infancy.     He's also quick to snatch back from Clark's imperial gaze the word `civilization':'water and wheat,this is what creates civilization','civilization is the elaboration of processes'.His chapter on Pythagoras is an inspired demonstration of putting across complex ideas about geometry and a superb evocation of crystals using computers.He succinctly describes ideas with a choice phrase: fire like life as a `process','physics is a knife that cuts into the grain of nature,fire the knife that cuts below the visible structure into the stone',' a machine is a device for tapping the power of nature',and so on.You are reminded that he was also a published poet,passionate about the arts.There is a beautiful use of classical music to link or illustrate episodes.He also effectively uses periods of art to express major scientific advances:pointillism,cubism and expressionism.     Man distinguished himself from animals,who find a niche in nature,to change his environment,rather than accept it.His shows the time lag from Old World to New World,of 2000 years,goes from the beam in Macchu Piccu to the beam in the Greek temple to the Roman arch and the gothic cathedral.He shows the start of theoretical science by man's exploration of the structure below the surface and his programme on the evolution of chemistry.His programme on Galileo is a passionate historical essay,taking us through the trial of Galileo,the threat of torture and his imprisonment in his last 20 years.Man trapped by his environment.The movement of intellectual discovery tonorthern Europe,Kepler,Newton ,Leibnitz and onto a very clever treatment of Einstein's theory of relativity.He's not averse to showing satire on the solitary genius,Newton.He describes the importance of the biological sciences by running in parallel the stories of Darwin and Wallace.His true passion is when his own story coincides with 20th century physics(World within World) and he talks of all the major movers:Mendelev, Rutherford,Bohr,Chadwick,Gauss,Silzard, Boltzmann,Heisenberg.All penetrators into the hidden world of the atom,as well as Hiroshima and Auschwitz,the latter showing man's dogma and arrogance,man's inability to accept uncertainty and desire for absolute power.     On inheritance and the lonely monk Mendel he moves onto to the structure of DNA,the double helix,the relevance of human sexual selection.In the last chapter in book, titled The Long Childhood, Bronowski goes back to what makes man human and what has made the ascent of man possible. He says, \\"We are all afraid - for our confidence, for the future, for the world.That is the nature of the human imagination.Yet every man, every civilization has gone forward because of its engagement with what it has set itself to do. The personal commitment of man to his skill, the intellectual commitment and the emotional commitment working together as one, has made the Ascent of Man.\\" This is a significant achievement in broadcasting history.With the advent of colour TV,TV was shown to be an educational medium for explaining and discussing ideas.He makes clear it's his own 'personal view'.This, together with Cooke's'America' and `Civilization' were all 13 part series,significant milestones in the transmission of great ideas of man's history and culture.Every household should obtain a copy and the book too.
0316069485|3.0|The idea of Mickey Haller crossing the aisle from die hard defense attorney to prosecutor, along with working with Harry Bosch had the makings of a great story.  Needless to say, I was very excited to read this book.  However, after completing the book, I was a little disappointed.  I enjoyed the interaction between Mickey and Harry.  I also enjoyed learning about the prosecutor's job through Mickey's eyes, but Connelly fell to provide depth or complete what was started.  For example, I kept looking for a surprise or a more in depth motive behind requesting Mickey to take on this role.   Why him?  Also, the ending sucked.  Why was Jessup doing what he was doing at night (I don't want to give anything away)?  The speculated reason was lack luster.  This story had all the makings of a 5 star, but unfortunately, Connolly didn't deliver this time.  However,   if you have not read the other Mickey Haller books, don't let this one stop you.  Connelly normally provides in-depth stories, with likable characters and dramatic twist.
B00429MLSY|4.0|I don't really know If I've enjoyed the movie as a whole or I just enjoyed watching my beloved Julia Roberts bringing  Liz Gilbert to life . The book was really thick and full of information and I believe Ryan tried to summarize the book focusing only on the important things ( which I'm sure was not the easiest task ), so eventually  the movie looked like couple of random scenes were glued together :D . however I enjoyed the movie it has good cast and great sceneries.
B004G6009U|5.0|Tangled is Disney's 100th animated feature film & bound to be a classic.  The animation is done well, excellent story line and excellent casting.  It stays just true enough to the fairy tale Rapunzel to give it structure but Disney's spin on it is truly inspired & comical.  For my 3yr old daughter it has quickly tied Toy Story & Cars as her \\"favorite movie of all time\\" and it's the first princess movie she has enjoyed.
B0019N8P2W|1.0|No original music? You've got to be kidding!!! That's what made this show. Very unhappy customer and now the box is open so I'm stuck with it. Not cool.
B004G600A4|5.0|Awesome movie by Disney.  Too bad no more princes movies because Disney finally got it right with this one.  My son loved it and even my husband loved it.  Its adorable and very cute.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Stop complaining people.  The clarity of sight and sound is going to be worth the purchase.  Original version?  Get out you VCR and watch it that way.  This is going to be GRRRRREAT!!!
0385339607|5.0|I first read this book in the early 90s, after watching the film by Francis Ford Coppola.    The Rainmaker takes us through a law student's first trial and burgeoning law practice. Rudy Baylor introduces us to his parents and his surroundings: the Cypress Gardens retirement home. In this novel Grisham focuses on the characters more than the actual events (which are used to propel the characters forward through maturity and adult life). While we are quickly introduced to Dot and Buddy Black, Rudy himself is uneasy about meeting Donny Ray, and although the reader knows that he doesn't have much time left, we don't get to \\"hear\\" his voice until roughly a quarter into the novel. The first quarter, the lead-up to the film's outset, involves Rudy trying to find gainful and profitable employment. This is far more riveting than it may sound, and leads to Rudy's ire towards Trent and Brent.    We are introduced to Rudy Baylor as a young, bright and capable law student, cursed with naivete and an impetuous temper into a well-rounded adult. He no longer takes affront at minor slights well before the final chapter.    I have read the book twice and listened to William Dufries' spectacular narration several times. This book has a poignancy that will never leave humanity. One of the key themes ever-present in The Rainmaker is how those who have money, power or and status can buy their brand of \\"justice.\\" This is also exemplified in every Grisham novel I have read (which include The Last Juror, The Runaway Jury, A Time to Kill, The King of Torts. The Associate and The Appeal). The wealthy and excessively affluent can stall cases for years until the statute of limitations expires (unless, of course, a judge who has not lost faith in justice is presiding). It's not that justice never prevails, but that it seldom prevails.    Grisham's writing flows nicely, with no padding or filler. I found myself barracking for Rudy and even Deck as they toss ethics out the window and seek out Mr.van Landel, an unfortunate soul who became the victim of a drunk driver. Deck is one of Bruiser Stone's unapologetic ambulance chasers. While this may sound unethical at first glance, is simply all they can do to survive in a city almost infested with lawyers. The climax doesn't occur until the final three hundred pages, but you won't feel bored. Grisham knows how to weave a story, and keeping readers hooked on his every word is one of his many talents.
B004G600A4|5.0|Clever take on an old fairy tale. Lots of humor that adults will enjoy.   My grandchild loved it.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|This is one of the cutest and funniest animation movies that has been released recently. My whole family watched it at least 3 times the weekend after buying it. We love it!
B001AQT11M|5.0|My grandaughter asked for this movie because she loves the Snow White story. She loved the video, and I relived part of my own childhood watching it with her.
B004KSQN7C|5.0|It's Britney, B!tch!... again. It's been nearly three years since her last album, 2008's \\"Circus\\", and now Britney is back with another fresh round of Pop brilliance.   Kicking off with the hit club-thumpers \\"Till The World Ends\\" and the #1 \\"Hold It Against Me\\", the album may seem to be a sort of sequel to \\"Blackout\\", which had some of the most wildly inventive dance beats of the decade and proved to be arguably her finest work. But moving on after the fun, dance-floor ready openers, we start to realize that Spears has gone in a new direction with \\"Femme Fatale\\", her seventh album with Jive Records.  Some of the most sleek and enjoyable tracks on the album are, in essence, among the best of her career. \\"Inside Out\\" and \\"Criminal\\" are the closest to being ballads, and feature Brit singing seductively about not wanting to break up with her boo, as well as begging her mother to accept that she has fallen under the spell of a bad boy. They are two of the finest of the 12-track set (14 if you have the deluxe edition), and should please fans of her previous work, while also being something different from anything she's done before.  \\"I Wanna Go\\" and \\"Seal It With A Kiss\\" continue the dance floor anthems... both are perfectly produced, catchy, sing-along-in-your-car upbeat tunes that will keep you on your feet well into the night.  Also included on the album are two collaborations, which, for Britney Spears, is very rare. The first is \\"(Drop Dead) Beautiful\\", featuring up and coming singer/rapper Sabi. Brit sings about a hot guy she's spotted and wants (a very recurring theme for her that turns some people off, but pleases her fans), while Sabi joins her midway through to deliver a short, but fiercely fun verse in which she drops one of the album's most memorable lines, \\"steam me like a pot full of vegetables.\\" The other collaboration is the highly anticipated \\"Big Fat Bass\\", featuring and produced by Black Eyed Peas frontman Will.I.Am. Fans seem to be split on the track,some calling it \\"epic\\" and even saying that it beats out Brit's collab with Madonna, \\"Me Against The Music\\"... while others say it's, well, a bit of a flop, and disliking Will.I.Am's long intro. No doubt, however, that it will most likely be a successful single sometime in the album's run, and will be burning up the clubs as it does so.  Another notable song to download is \\"Trouble for Me\\", in which Britney actually for once shows off a good bit of her country-girl voice without a pile of auto-tune to drown it out. The song is overall one of the most interesting on the disc, as well as one of the most memorable, and is certainly destined to become a summer hit.   In all, \\"Femme Fatale\\" is quite possibly Britney Spears' best album to date. It is an odd, but extremely likeable mixture of Pop mojo that will keep her legions of fans held over for quite a while. Despite what some consider to be some lackluster performances, and little engaged promotion, the album is sure to be yet another huge hit for one of our favorite artists of the 21st century.    ALBUM RATING: 9/10  SONGS TO DOWNLOAD:  \\"Till The World Ends\\"  \\"Hold It Against Me\\"  \\"Inside Out\\"  \\"How I Roll\\"  \\"The Big Fat Bass (Feat. Will.I.Am)\\"  \\"Trouble for Me\\"  \\"Criminal\\"
B002NXSRVG|5.0|Background<br /><br />The G.I. Joe trademark and franchise has its origins in the realm of toys. In 1964, Hasbro launched a line of realistic 12\\" action figures that represented various divisions of the military services. Later in 1982, a smaller line (3.75 inches) of these toys were introduced. With this line an entire storyline was also told. This story involved the battles between the G.I. Joe forces and the evil Cobra Command. It is from this storyline that this movie takes it queue.<br /><br />Storyline<br /><br />The storyline is one that is closely knit around life long enemies, past lovers and good friends. At various points, there are flashbacks to fill in the missing pieces. The main article of contention are 4 warheads that contain a newly developed technology - Nanomites. These miniature robots and be programmed to eat metal and any other material as necessary, and can literally destroy anything in their path until they are deactivated.<br /><br />Action Sequences<br /><br />There is plenty of action sequences throughout this film. There is a full set of high tech vehicles (air, land, underground and sea) to captivate your imagination. The sequence that I like the most is the street chase scene in Paris. I haven't seen such an intensely packed road sequence since the Matrix Reloaded. The guys in their body suits are simply fantastic!<br /><br />Another great fight sequence is the final one between Storm Shadow and Snake Eyes (Ray Park - who also acted as Dart Maul - Star Wars Episode I) - Excellent sword play!<br /><br />Conclusion<br /><br />Great Action film, produced for the Action Man.
B004YHTAA6|4.0|I've watched every vampire TV series of note (and many that were forgettable) in the last 40 years, and VD is not the best, but it is also definitely not the worst. Coming after shows like BTVS and Angel, Vampire Diaries (and True Blood) have a lot to live up to in terms of great writing and strong characters (especially female characters), and they often fall short. (This is just my opinion; do keep in mind, I'm not a tween, teen, or twenties kid who hasn't seen anything else besides Twilight, True Blood or VD; I have much higher expectations than the average viewer, I guess.)    It's funny, I started out watching the premiere episode of season 1 and the first few season 1 VD eps relating to Elena as a kind of shell-shocked survivor of family tragedy... but then VD became so unrealistically melodramatic, I couldn't relate.  But since Season 2 began, although there were some episodes that kind of stumbled, most have been really interesting, and these last few have been really good. This one -- The Last Day -- is probably up there in the top five.       Maybe it's because I'm older now, I don't go for the vampire-trying-to-be-good/human types as much as I did when I was younger... I find the vampire characters who just accept their vampire nature and run with it more intriguing. I guess because I've already been through so much crap in life, I realize now that things are not black and white, that there are many paths to the same destination, and that many shades of gray and levels of moral ambiguity are involved in doing both good and evil. And I also realize that sometimes you just have to seize the moment while you can. Perhaps that's why I find Damon a much more interesting character than Stefan, and, frankly, he is a major reason I tuned in week after week this second season.     The show really became interesting to me when Damon's unrequited love for Elena began to surface, and when Katarina returned to wreak havoc in the brothers' lives. It was hard to get into the first season: Damon, revelling in being bad, was much more the reason I tuned in than Stefan &/or Elena.     But this season, Caroline's turning and then her strange love triangle(ish) situation and her relationship with Tyler kept me tuning in, as did Bonnie's development of her powers... again, these story arcs kept my attention this season much more than the Stefan/Elena story arc (heresy, I know!). And of course Katarina's meddling and messing with everyone/everything, and her manipulation, only to have her come-uppance as Klaus compelled her, have been *rich* to watch.     But now that Elena's life is closer and closer to the threat of death, Damon's unrequited love is affecting his judgment and his behavior in increasingly wild, desperate, and unpredictable ways. The poignancy of his hopeless feelings for her, and the fact that it \\"will always be Stefan\\" for her, and the fact that that hasn't stopped him, has been fairly gripping over the last couple of episodes, and The Last Day was no exception.     And, finally, it is fairly tear-jerking when you realize how little time Stefan and Elena have had together, and how much Elena has already lost in her life -- in terms of deaths of loved ones, of family -- as she gets closer and closer to Klaus' ritual.    I guess I can once again relate to Elena, as she seems about to (once again) lose so much, including her own life, as well as the lives of those around her. I guess having been through the deaths of several loved ones over the last few years, I relate far less to her happy kissy-face times with Stefan and relate far more to her doomy gloomy times like now... Which is my own crap, of which I'm totally aware and fully admit.     But then, as Matt Groening (creator of Life In Hell long before he created The Simpsons and Futurama) once said, Happiness is boring... to which I'd add, happiness is also not very dramatically challenging; it doesn't drive plot or character development the way tragedy and danger do, that's for sure.     And before everyone jumps down my throat, yeah, yeah, I get that Stefan and Elena are supposed to be the main focus of the show -- but then again, they're not; it's an ensemble cast; and I'm glad that the other characters and actors really got to develop and shine this season. Plus having to play Katarina/Katherine in addition to the sometimes almost annoyingly-nice Elena has shown more than anything that Nina Dobrev really can act; watching her go from playing innocent, trusting, let's-make-a-deal Elena to playing the scheming, selfish, manipulative Katherine has been a rather delightful surprise throughout this season. And just when the polar opposite behavior of those two characters was getting predictable, they had Katherine pretend to be Elena, so Nina Dobrev had to play Kathareine playing Elena -- and the disdain Katherine had for Elena's nature (right after convincingly pretending to *be* her) was both hilarious and also quite compelling. It was quite fascinating to watch Nina navigate those parts so well.      Yet, still, my heart goes out most to Damon, because it will never be him for Elena... but he's willing to risk her undying hatred in order to save her \\"by any means necessary.\\" That's pretty big love, in my book; a pretty damn big sacrifice -- far more, imo, than Stefan has made or will make. Or maybe I'm just a sucker for the bad guy with the good heart.
B003XCVQ3C|1.0|I recently cracked the screen on my macbook pro  and decided to buy the Moshi adapter to hold me over until I get my screen fixed. The folks over at the apple stored recommended me this product. Got home and it worked perfectly. About 2 weeks into daily usage the wire started to have a short in it and my tv screen would go blank. I few days later it stoped working completely. Went back to the apple store and exchanged for another one and a week later the same thing happened again. Im delicately using it now as I browse to buy a the whole cord instead of thee adapter. SAVE YOURSELF TIME AND MONEY!!!!
B004FRX0MY|2.0|I still can't get bluetooth controls to work on the android platform (Motorola droid with Altec Lansing Backbeat bluetooth headset)<br /><br />The program does not have any exit button so once you open it - it is always running in the background unless killed using Advanced task killer.<br /><br />Music stops playing anytime I get a text message (or phone call). I have unlock the phone and get to the play button to get it working again. Why does it not automatically resume after playing the text message notification like other apps?
B004UNX1LS|4.0|I love the app. It works great on my Galaxy Tab, but the quality could be improved a little more. That would be great.
B0026RCAGC|3.0|Note: This review repeats the original one posted for an earlier issue of the same recording.<br /><br />I can't quite see ranking Maazel's stainless-steel Fidelio anywhere near the top. He gives us a brusque, often crude outline of Beethoven's noble intentions. This is one opera where the character of the composer must be taken into account--Beethoven was a heroic humanist and an ardent romantic. He composed Fidelio intending Leonore to be a secular saint, Florestan a political marty-idealist, and Don Pizarro the eseence of ancien regime evil. The overall arc of the plot is an ascent from gloomy oppression to rapturous freedom.<br /><br />I listen for those qualities in any performance and find them in abudance under Furtwangler, Klemperer (both live on testament and studio on EMI), Karajan, and Bernstein. None are perfectly sung, but here we have the steely Nilsson miscast unless you want raw vocal power, a stalwart Florestan in McCracken whose only interest is in reaching the back row with his lungs, and a Don Pizarro who tries to be thunderous without sounding remotely evil. Where's the pity and compassion, the idealism and the joy?<br /><br />Against those deficits, we have strong playing from the Vienna Phil., but they are following Maazel's crude dieciton, so that basically comes to naught. I'm happy to hear Nilsson once, just for the visceral thrill, but for repeated listening this set falls far short.
B001TH7GT6|5.0|This product does what it's supposed to, at a great price. I would purchase it again and recommend it to others
B000PMG16U|5.0|For the Star Wars haters out there, shame on you.    While the Star Wars prequels don't hold up to the original trilogy very well, we should be thankful that we get the chance to see how the Star Wars saga, which began in 1977, actually started out in the first place. The Phantom Menace introduces us all to the characters that will make the difference throughout the rest of the films. We're quickly introduced to Obi-Wan Kenobi, Qui-Gon Jinn, Yoda, Mace Windu, Chancellor/Emperor Palpatine, Anakin Skywalker, Padme Amidala/Skywalker and more important, R2-D2 and C-3PO. Sure, it's not as great as the original Star Wars films, but it does show us their origins.    Attack of the Clones kicks it into high gear by bringing us into the \\"Clone Wars\\", which was alluded to in \\"A New Hope\\" and gives us a more educated Anakin Skywalker, a moire wise Obi-Wan Kenobi and the growth of some of the characters we were introduced to during \\"The Phantom Menace\\". Where TPM was an origini story, \\"Attack of the Clones\\" takes us right into the action and even introduces us to Jango Fett and the very person who would later become Boba Fett, the notorious bounty hunter seen in \\"Empire Strikes Back\\".    Revenge of the Sith finally comes along and gives us what we were all waiting for. The transformation of Anakin Skywalker into the notorious bad guy, Darth Vader, and even brings back James Earl Jones as the voice of Darth Vader. We finally get to see the \\"volcano\\" planet where Obi-Wan and Anakin finally square off. We see the fall of the Old Republic, the rise of the Galactic Empire and the destruction of the Jedi Knight Order. While all dark and gloomy, the saga is finally completed.
B001AQO3XS|5.0|I have been a fan of this movie since I was introduced to it many many years ago.<br />I cannot rave enough about this film and to finally own it on Blue-ray is great.  this is a leagcy that has both good and bad.  The film was great for the way they used flashbacks to tell the story of the Imortal Connor.  If you don't own it you should its a classic and if thats not reason enough how about the fact Queen did the sound track!
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I'm so glad this came out on DVD. I was convinced that Daria was lost forever.<br /><br />Okay, actually I didn't really think about Daria until I heard about this set. Then I remembered how much I loved the show and I decided to pick it up. Daria was the girl I always wanted to be when I was in high school - her own person, and willing to have no friends rather than bad friends. I was a bit less self-assured as a teenager, but Daria was my hero.<br /><br />And now I get to relive it all! All five seasons are in this set, as well as the two movies - though watching them, they come off more like extra-long episodes, which I thought was great. The second movie, \\"Is It College Yet?\\" gives a very nice ending to the series with great opportunities for Daria and Jane.<br /><br />As some people may have heard: no, the original music is not in this set. Now, I don't remember much of the original music, aside from the opening theme song - and thank god they kept that - so it doesn't bother me too much. Even if you didn't read the insert (the full explanation is there) you can kinda tell when you watch it. The music just has a more contemporary feel to it, while the show itself is very nineties. But I don't think it messes with the flavor of the show, and if that's what the producers had to do, well...it's unfortunate, but I'm just glad it's out on DVD.
0307595579|5.0|I had read the paperback versions of the first 2 volumes of the trilogy but wanted the 4 book set to read the third and to keep the set for the future. I loved the main character of this series. She is unigue and a true hero with her own morals. Larsson can tell a great story well. I will miss him.
B002MEW7YY|4.0|Netrebko great; too bad Villazon was ill. Their chemistry has not been duplicated.  Sextet staging was awful and awkward, also too much background chorus voices overpowered the nuances of the main voices.  Bad job by the Met
B004LUHQ1G|5.0|I don't usually purchase entire albums, but I saw a VH1 or MTV show about the making of this album and gave it a shot; so glad I did.  This is their best work ever.  At first, songs like 'Rope' and 'Bridge Burning' grab you with their intensity and then you find the real jems like 'These Days' and the song I just can't stop listening to, 'Walk'.  I have a lot of Foo Fighters CDs and individual songs going back to their beginnings and this is the most serious attempt they have ever made at crafting music.<br /><br />Bravo guys!  Just fantastic.
B000F3T3CS|5.0|Anna Netrebko her usual brilliance!   Rolando Villazon at his best. He \\"Nailed\\" Una Furtiva lagrima like no others have, none.  Standing ovatioon would not stop until he sang the airia again!
B00004U8P9|5.0|Well, I had time, went to the lab and saw what was on the slab! Wink Wink...Loved every minute of it... everything was FAB!
B004S699HC|3.0|I really enjoy this movie, but this review is only for the blu-ray release.<br /><br />Packaging: The disc is enclosed in a standard blu-ray keep case. The art on the front and back is well done. The disc itself consists of full color art featuring the crow logo.<br /><br />Video: The picture quality is a significant improvement over the latest DVD release. While far from perfect, it is crisper and the colors are more vibrant. This release also preserves the original theatrical aspect ratio opposed to the DVD release which is 1.85:1. Film imperfections are still visible and some scenes are grainy.<br /><br />Audio: English 2.0. No subs. Disappointing.<br /><br />Special Features: There was a considerable lack of effort put into this release. It is barebones with a below average interactive menu.<br /><br />Overall, I got what I wanted; superior picture quality over the SD DVD. This release almost feels like an add-on opposed to a replacement of  the collector's edition DVD.
B0028IDXDS|5.0|The only pacifier my daughter wanted was the Soothie and she is in love with monkeys.  So when I saw this, I was ecstatic.  She absolutely loves it as a paci and a toy.  It has helped her learn to grasp and hold as well as how to put her paci in her mouth on her own.  Watching her hold it is wonderful!
B00000F566|4.0|I wish someone would tell me why some DVD's only take up about three quarters of the screen.  I play all my DVD's on my large screened iMac.  The picture, despite being the same shape as my rectangular screen, leaves about a two inch border all around the picture even though I tell it to fill the screen.  Would one of you knowledgeable techies out there enlighten me.  I wish the description of the DVD would inform you about how much of the screen would be filled up.
B004IQMXD4|4.0|Having been enthralled since the first time i heard the crystal clear vocals of Rhiannon on the radio in '75 when i was only 8 has turned me into a die hard Stevie Fan. I have sought out and purchased every recording Stevie has made from Buckingham Nicks to Fleetwood Mac and even soundtracks.  To say I am a Stevie Nicks fan and that I love her and her music would be an understatement. That love sometimes clouds my judgement when it comes to her music tho.  That being said, every Stevie Nicks album from the landmark Bella Donna, to the purely pop sensibilities of The Wild Heart, the nasally, ragged voiced post cocaine drug phase of Rock A Little, which left her instrument changed forever and forced her to a reinvention of her former self (which Whitney Houston should take note and learn a lesson from), the enchanting The Other Side of the Mirror, and the Klonapin induced wreck that became Street Angel, and finally the awesome Trouble In Shangri La which brought her back to the finest form musically in years. My first listen to IN YOUR DREAMS left me a bit anxious as well as confused. I didn't really know which direction this union with Dave Stewart would take her, but now I know.  Stevie is not trying to break new ground here, there are no Edge of Seventeens, no Stand Backs, no I Can't Waits, no Rooms on Fire, no Planets of the Universe. What's left is STRANGE, she runs with the ones she can't keep up with.  What a telling line, the fact that she is running at all with the landscape full of Britney's, Gaga's and Rhianna's whose pop will be forgotten just as quickly as their careers.  Stevie is Stevie, you have to accept that you may never know what some of her songs are about and listen to the arrangements and the poetic imagery that runs through them.  Notes on the album: Secret Love shares a similar vibe to POTU, but not nearly as good, that's not to say it isn't a good song, just not stellar.  For What Its Worth comes on like a slowed down Silver Springs and thenquickly turns into a song spoken/sung similar to how Annie Lennox did in Why ala This is the book I never read, These are the contents of my head.  Once again, not a bad song, just sounds familiar, nostalgic in a way.  In Your Dreams ripped from the pages of Running Through the Garden and Fall from Grace, just rocks.  Moonlight (A Vampire's Dream) comes on with me expecting her to start singing, You say i have everything, well i'm living on dreams and chains, then takes a welcome turn to the STRANGE, she runs with the ones she can't keep up with line which i'm growing fonder of with every listen, pure listening enjoyment. Annabel Lee is probably the most radio friendly track, just plain beautiful, Edgar Alan Poe never wrote a more beautiful poem destined to be a Stevie Nicks song! Ghosts are Gone somehow makes me think she has looked back at every vampire flick for inspiration and took the dueling violins from Queen of the Damned to heart, its eerily rock a billy meets Lestat with an incessant beat. I love it, whatever it is.  If i say anything else it is this, it is not the album i was expecting, but i accept it for what it is: The most solid collection of music from the Queen of the Damned Rock and Roll!  Rock on Ancient Queen.
0446310786|5.0|I didn't buy this book from Amazon but a shop outside Disneyland, CA! This book says a lot without saying much - it shows the human thought process in a very unique way and creates a lot of respect in the reader's heart for other people. It has touched my heart and I am completely overwhelmed by it. It has actually opened my eyes as to what \\"maturity\\" really is, especially by the characters, Atticus and Calpurina (and also the judge). It shows what \\"tolerance\\" actually means and what \\"innocence\\" is. God, I wish I had read this before!
B003DZX3SA|5.0|Rewatching this for the first time in years drove home what a great movie it is -- not just a great kids movie, or animated movie, or Disney movie, but an all around great film. The specials and featurettes are a nice addition to a more-than-bare-bones set.
0670022411|3.0|I started this book with high hopes for an absorbing tale about magic and the supernatural. Both are there, but I couldn't finish it -- it just moved too slowly for me and came across more as a romance novel than something more heavily plotted.     The romance involves a vampire and a witch who fight their attraction to each other because in the world of the supernatural, such couplings are forbidden. The vampire, Matthew, finds himself fascinated with the witch, Diana, from the first time he sees her in Oxford University's Bodleian Library, reluctantly using her magic to retrieve a book from a shelf too high for her to reach. Matthew is pale- and cold-skinned, breathtakingly handsome, can move very fast, hunts animals (not generally people) for their blood and even climbs in Diana's bedroom window and watches her sleep. Hmmm... are we sure his name isn't Edward? Sure sounds familiar. To be fair, the heroine isn't some \\"fragile little human,\\" she's a witch with full magical powers. And Matthew isn't a teenager, he appears to be in his 30s. And the plot overall is very different from the \\"Twilight\\" series. But I just couldn't get into it.     Supposedly, this is the first book in a trilogy, and I'm sure it will do well. It just didn't do much for me.
B00005K3O0|5.0|The quality of the dvd is very good.  The picture quality and sound are nice.  I was moved by this movie as a child and was happy I could purchase it on dvd.
B004BBDHEK|5.0|I really love this music CD. All the songs are great. The more I hear it, the more I like it. Yanni is just AWSOME!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I live in the city and typically pick up 8 other networks.  i changed my channel and instantly improved my connections.
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|I absolutely loved the Hunger Games and Catching Fire. I was totally engrossed in reading them and I really felt very close to the characters. Mockingjay came as a gigantic dissapointment. The author would create all these new charcters only to kill them off. I dont know if the author is trying to say war is bad, but the whole point of these books is for a hero to look up to. If you want a book telling you war is bad, dont put it after two amazing books. It had pretty much no humor. I felt myself constantly skimming, something that would have never happened before. All in all, this book was terrible, a huge dissapointment. I dont reccommend this book to anyone at any age
B004U8VWLE|2.0|I think knowing she did none of the dancing ruined it . I just kept waiting for somthing 2 really happen and then when it finally ,it just ended . also the look on her face thoughout the entire movie drove me CRAZY !!!
B003QP4NPE|3.0|I found myself looking ahead to see how many pages I had left in each chapter.  It wasn't bad, but it didn't hold my attention either.
B004N44SOI|5.0|I bought this with the expectation that it would compare to heroin diaries and I was not disappointed in the least. An amazing combo of straight up rock tunes like the title track and lies of the beautiful people to ballads that haunt you like Oh god  and possibly my favorite track Skin, and everything in between. would highly recommend it.
B000024D4R|5.0|This album is, in my opinion, Pink Floyd's best.  'The Wall' gets all the talk, but 'Animals' has no weaknesses at all.
142311339X|5.0|My son enjoyed reading this book so much. He would read it even though he was tired with school work and sports each day...
1594200106|3.0|At first, I really liked the intricate story line of the book.  As I read further, the obsession over the mysterious Julian Carax, at the heart of the novel, became more and more perplexing.  The attraction of Julian's novels, has to be accepted on faith by the reader.  The attraction and devotion of his friends was never clear starting with Miguel, his boyhood friend, who secretly financed the publication of his books until he lost his fortune (how odd is that?) Nuria, who saved the last copies of his books and fell in love with him after only a few meetings (and then married him and took care of him for years after he disfigured himself -- more unexplained slavish devotion?), and Daniel, the boy who obsessively tracked down his story.  Daniel became more and more like Julian as he grew up.  Ignoring the dangers to his friends, Tomas and Fermin, and girlfriend Bea while he single mindlessly looked for Julian.  I became quite irritated with Daniel by the end of the book.  His willingness to put himself and others in danger, selfishly confronting Nuria because she lied to him about her life (?) that had nothing to do with him -- not even an investigative reporter or papparazi would be so boorish.  Just a selfish self-centered kid!  The intricate story line was like Stephen King, but the annoying central characters detracted from what could have been a classic gothic tale.
0425221806|5.0|Awesome book! It is so hard to put it down. Keeps you on your toes, makes you happy, and sad. Great all around story. Dean Koontz is a great author.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|My daughter was reading this book for hours on end.  I picked it up and was hooked.  Katniss is the ultimate heroine.  Loved the survivalist aspect of the book.  Little graphic but so exciting.  My daughter and I read the trilogy.
B0042RUMH8|2.0|I bought Mrs. JLOVE? cd today it was very disappointing. clearly she is working with a new team giving her weak writing and weaker yet music. JLO make up with your old team so you can get my but back on the floor.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|I have not used this app. I would worry about its use being reliable, yesterday I had a game from the Amazon market ask me to reinstall it, basically, because I hadn't checked in on Amazon yet. You all know that anything you download from Amazon won't work if the app store is uninstalled or disabled too long, right? I would hate to miss a check in and then be late to work because my app shutdown. After just opening the app store my game started working again. Oh, and it doesn't matter if you pay for the app, any attempt to disable or uninstall Amazon, or missed logins will disable your apps.
0385339100|1.0|The partner is one of those books where the author must of been on some sort of deadline and the last 20 pages were written showing to that deadline. Although I have read most of Grishams books and have enjoyed most of them, I read the ending 3 times and still didn't understand it.<br /><br />I knew that the twist is they didn't connect but I couldn't decipher what the writer was trying to say. Its probably a best seller because of the brand. The first 90% of the book is a setup to the conclusion of the planners plan being completed.<br /><br />The last one percent is confusing and poorly written. I couldn't figure out which country they were in or when or the timeline.
B002ZG98Z0|5.0|I don't think I can give a review better than the one by \\"Concerned Citizen\\" as I believe it was right-on. I really enjoyed this movie both times I watched it. The fashion was fun and beautiful, the hotel and scenery in Abu Dhabi was amazing and the wedding was just so funny.     I can't believe some of the things people are saying in their critical reviews. Geez, where do I begin? I've lived in 5 different areas in the U.S. and traveled all over it and think this movie hits the mark on so many aspects. Yes, it was possible for Carrie to run into an ex in a random place. I was once on a 3 day trip to Montreal years ago and ran into a guy I had just dated the year before. And yes, it is possible for a woman to struggle adapting to a new marriage and have some confusion over an ex. Some woman commented on Big getting Carrie a ring. I've seen guys do all sorts of things when they thought they might lose their wife or girlfriend. And yes, Samantha is struggling with getting older - Hello! - I know MANY women that are in their 50's doing similar things. As for how they portrayed Abu Dhabi, or the women that live there - it was a movie, not a documentary. Women do wear the abaya there. And come on, the bra-less nanny was a hoot. It was a more theatrical way of showing how it can be so challenging and exhausting to be a mother and you want that nanny so badly you ignore something like that. That's what movies do, they exaggerate sometimes to make a point or for entertainment purposes.      Come on women (or men) - does \\"Sex and the City\\" have to be an accurate portrayal of real women's lives for you to enjoy and appreciate the movie? Some people reviewed this movie like these characters are real people that need to set an example for women and they are disappointed by their actions or like it was supposed to be an accurate adaptation of some classic or something. Lighten up people, it is entertainment. Were a few parts of the movie a bit uncomfortable or maybe \\"been there,done that,\\" of course. I can realistically see ratings from 3 to 5. The ratings of ones and twos and the harsh reviews most likely come from people that either have less contact and experience with a wide variety of people or seem to be the ramblings from those who are frustrated or somewhat unhappy. The reality is happy, easy-going people are less critical. \\"Critical people are unhappy people. They are always looking for what is wrong, for the fly in the soup, for someone to blame, they never enjoy the good things.\\" (quote from some psychology article I read). And the statistics of women in this country that are unhappy with their bodies, lives, marriages, etc, etc. seem correlate in some ways to the ratings for this movie. The fashion, scenery, song they sang and all the funny scenes should more than balance out some of the weaker areas that some couldn't overlook.   The girls tackle their new issues in their fabulously glitzy way while having a fun adventure out of the city. Loved it.
B004NSULHM|5.0|Radiohead's newest album, The King of Limbs, is a thirty-seven minute record including only eight tracks.  The album is slightly reduced from Radiohead's other album releases; however, the distinct sounds from previous albums still trickle through and each of the eight tracks is worth a thorough listening.  The album reminded me particularly of soundscape, it provides a combination of natural sounds (most notably birds) and an electronic sound composition that makes you feel as if you are in another realm of time and space.  The album has been reported to be named after a 1,000 year old oak tree in Wiltshire.  If this is true, perhaps Radiohead's album aim is to immerse the listener in the environment of this oak through a sort of acoustic ecology.  The album opens with \\"Bloom\\":  a weird but inviting track that uses jerky and off-beat electronic percussion accompanied by piano and Thom Yorke's eerie mumbles.  The second track \\"Morning Mr. Magpie\\" opens with a light percussion mixed with an upbeat ambient and a sort of blues guitar sound.  The lyrics and eeriness of Yorke's voice accompanied by the upbeat ambient create an almost uncomfortably elusive experience.  The third track is \\"Little By Little\\" followed by \\"Feral\\":  an instrumental track with ambient and somewhat African ambient groove; the sampling creates a soundscape of animal/ nature noises mixed with electronic ambience, from which I literally feel as if I am in the wild.  The fifth track is \\"Lotus Flower\\", the albums single.  The track again opens with a light percussion mixed with bass and a repetitive sort of clapping sound.  The track's music creates a space that literally seems out of this world as Thom Yorke promises \\"I'll set you free\\". The sixth track \\"Codex\\" is my personal favorite.  The track opens with a soft, sensitive piano that continues throughout the song and is overlapped at some points with an almost inaudible orchestral background.  Thom Yorke's voice is inviting, soothing, and perhaps hopeful. The track ends with about a ten second sampling of nature and bird sounds.  The seventh track is \\"Give up the Ghost\\": it begins with the bird sampling that ended the previous song.  The song headed by a slow-paced acoustic guitar and is accompanied by a repetitive distorted background sampling pleading \\"Don't hurt me\\".  The track, however, ends with an eeriness of what sounds like digitized insects.  The final track is \\"Seperator\\".  The album ends with a light percussion and light bass.  Yorke sings in the track \\"Wake me up\\", and it is almost like he is asking the listener to wake up from the soundscape world which The King of Limbs has created for us.  Although subtle at times, the album has characteristics of other soundscape artists, such as Schafer, Lopez, and Oliveros, and is working towards creating the future for soundscape and acoustic ecology.
B002ID08QS|4.0|If you buy this cd and have a good surround sound system, make sure you get the two disc Monstermusic version which has DTS and DOLBY DIGITAL surround sound mixes plus stereo mixes, plays on a DVD player, plus a cd in stereo. It's not DVD AUDIO or SACD and it's not Blu Ray but the sound is about as good as it gets, better than most SACD's. I don't know exactly how monster does it but the DTS surround sound mixes are amazing on these audio DVDS. The songs on this light and easy listening jazz disc are solid. Benson, of course, is a great musician.
B004VQK9XW|5.0|It's amazing to me how these three guys get together and their music is so open minded and creative... I am sure there might be other out there that perhaps blow this away but have yet to be discovered.       I think this album is great from top to bottom. But not everyone is going to like it because they will not understand the concept behind SIXXAM the band nor their music... Inspired by things society scoffs at every single day as a collective... It's simple time to forget what we have been conditioned to feel, see and say and just do for oursevles... We can all find beautify in just about everyone and everything if we open our minds up to the reality of truth...
B003UESJF6|5.0|I didn't have high hopes for this movie, but our whole family loved it, including our daugther (age 8), the boys (ages 20 and 22) and my husband and I.  Will Ferrell is hilarious and I'm not generally a big Will Ferrell fan.
B003R0MF5I|5.0|Our entire family of 4 and extended family .... cousins, grandparents ..... love watching Chuck. Just call us Chuckaholics ... we have just finished the 3 seasons of Chuck and can't wait to get the season 4 dvd. We prayed that NBC will renew CHUCK for another season. It is the talented writers that give us such good stories and the brilliant actors to bring those characters to live. Who says spies cannot be a married couples .... Chuck and Sara make a pair of ideal mates ... (Mr. & Mrs Smith ... almost) We love them!
1593083580|3.0|I am a avid Jane Austin fan, so I was really looking forward to reading Persuasion.....but I must say that my favorite work of this author is definetely Emma. I loved Persuasion very much, but it lacked the wit and humor of other Austin reads. The storyline was a bit boring...and lacked the romantic sparkle of that Emma posessed. :) It was definetely a more mature work of this author. I would definetely read it though.....just don't be prepared to be overly impressed.
B002ZG976U|5.0|i was lucky to find this dvd at a reasonable price through amazon. i did look somewhere else locally but was told it wouldn't be released for sale yet. dued to the popularity of this dvd.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Wasn't expecting much when I originally rented this movie, but kids & adults both loved it as funny and emotionally moving.  I then bought it to have forever!  The MINIONS are great.  We quote the movie all the time because there are lots of funny lines worth repeating!  A great surprise of a movie!
0307279189|3.0|I am not an author, nor a great runner, nor do I plan on becoming a dedicated and hard-core ultra runner, so take this review as my opinion.  I did enjoy this book for a few reasons.  The science of running and the information about evolution from the Neanderthals to Homo-erectus was very interesting and well organized.  I also enjoyed the few tips about running and diet that I gleaned from the rest of the book.      The reason I only give 3 stars is due to the convoluted way this story is told.  The incessant jumping from the story of one runner to the next kept me confused and wondering when, if ever, all of these characters were eventually going to tie back together. With the exception of the few that raced in the last race, the stories didn't mesh.  It almost seemed that someone was telling stories about how cool his friends were in comparison to mine.  But I guess that is an overall problem I have with using hyperbole when discussing people.  It is very difficult to do it effectively when speaking in the first person without denoting arrogance.  Another problem I had with this book is the way the author used hyperbole when foreshadowing.  At one point I was expecting blood and carnage from the exaggeration used only to find dehydration.  Was I wrong to be disappointed?    For another positive, the book ended well.  The depiction of the race was very well done and good insight to each runner's position and feelings.     And an intrinsic benefit from this book was that I figured out that hyperbole (though palatable) is not my favorite writing style.
B004IQMXD4|5.0|man, this is my Lady Nicks at her best!  This album is so good it hurts, deep.  A must have for those of us who have been conditioned to music being our drug of choice.  Her lyrics never fail to haunt me.  I won't review the tracks - they are extreme.  She has this magical way of giving herself to those beyond her, even in her protective world.  I hope she writes and records forever.  I especially like that she and Lindsey remain connected - how could they not?  The moon rises and the stars circle the sky once more - Stevie sings!!!
B003X27L9U|4.0|Compelling story told through the voice of a 5 year old child. Found myself chewing through the pages at a fierce rate. Good read.
B004Q1FDHO|1.0|Droid X.  Slows down my phone. Requires me to reboot to speed up gameplay. Have had to remove battery several times because it will freeze the phone. Fun to play, otherwise.
B003Y3ZTGA|5.0|Many reviewers gave this album one star because they dislike Katy Perry or pop music in general. I am granting 5 as my personal protest and because it is actually a nice piece of Pop Fluff. Yes, there is absolutely nothing wrong with lightweight, catchy music. As much as as some like to ride their high horse of \\"art\\", they seem to forget that art is inherently controversial and what is more controversial than music that is not \\"Ahhhhhrrrrrtt\\" with a capital A-R-T! I am a genius (so Mensa says), so I don't feel the need to judge myself or others on how irreverent or political or obnoxious or artsy or special or obscure or classic or black or white or important or whatever one's preferred music is. Do you like it? Then, fine by me. I will NOT low-score something I don't like to begin with especially when I have not purchased or reviewed the entire product/album/service.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|A lot of fun and very addictive! Gets progressively difficult. I can not wait until the May level is updated!
B0034G4OXQ|2.0|I normally enjoy Matt Damon movies and was looking forward to this one. I can be a very forgiving viewer but this movie was boring. It had the excitement level of watching grass grow. There were a few interesting scenes, in the beginning, but after that - it was plain boring.  I gave it two stars instead of one because Matt Damon tried his best but could not save this sinking ship of a movie.
B003UYV08E|4.0|Response time was excellent.  The DVD does have some bad places that make it jerky.  I will still buy from this seller.
B004FOA84A|1.0|fc adds frustration, and game is too simple/short for the effort and money. maybe this review will save you from this.
B000000HXK|5.0|Una de las bandas pioneras del post rock, hex es, en mi opinion, el mejor disco de la banda y de los mejores albumnes del post rock. No importa cuantas veces escuche uno este disco jamas cansa, por el contrario se hace cada vez m&aacute;s brillante con cada escuchada, apreciar el notable trabajo de Sutton y compa&ntilde;ia, las texturas, los soundscapes, ese sonido meditativo, cadencioso, introspectivo es simple y sencillamente una obra de arte que se aprecia aun m&aacute;s a sabiendas que se esta en presencia de una banda que no busca las ventas masivas, sino solo hacer buena musica, musica que toque los sentidos, que sensibiliza, que emociona y si le sumamos a todo eso el hecho de que esta banda es poco conocida, o sea, este disco es basicamente una sesion privada y personal para quienes lo escuchamos. Es un disco que cambia la percepci&oacute;n y manera de ver la m&uacute;sica y de la vida misma, pues aquel que lo escuche quedar&aacute; fascinado, quedar&aacute; \\"enganchado\\" de por vida. Es m&uacute;sica relajante de proporciones y dimensiones inigualables, m&uacute;sica placentera, es perfecta para esos momentos nostalgicos, meditativos, mas no exclusivamente, pues una obra de arte como &eacute;sta es buena en cualquier momento.<br />No es de extra&ntilde;ar que un disco de tal calidad y que dicha banda sea influencia de todo un g&eacute;nero, pues como anteriormente dije es un disco que cambia e influencia la vida a cualquiera.
0439023491|3.0|I enjoyed this book more than the first one (The Hunger Games) but didn't think it needed to be its own separate book. It was almost as if the author realized she still had pages and pages of notes for what could have happened in the Arena and decided to put it all into a second book. My preference would have been to make the first book better by including all of the plotting and subterfuge of the second one into one single Games, and then write a second book focusing on the rebellion and how Katniss' world changes in the aftermath. I know, I know... that's what the third book will be about, right?<br /><br />Still, I wish the second book had been the first one. It just feels like I paid twice for the same thing.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|You know I can't stand all these people who give 1 star because for the reason they think George Lucas ruined their childhood. If you hate how the movies were made with special effects as well as other tweaks here is an idea...don't buy it, If you hate the prequels so much don't watch them, but god keep all your lame misguided opinions to yourself.     Honestly if you actually have a good legitimate excuse to give the movie a single star please offer it. For instance the original films in their natural form is not included in this set, which as a lot of people say is an atrocity. Saying that is completely over the top, however; it would have been a nice addition. That is a good reason. Not a good reason is giving 1 star because of the Han Solo shot first thing. Are you serious, 6 movies and 3 bonus content disk and that's what gave it 1 star. Unbelievable.    All said and done it will be incredibly nice to have a highly polished high definition version of the complete saga to add to a Blu-Ray collection.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I find all of these 1-star reviews almost moving, not because I hate Star Wars but because I love it and don't wish to see it eternally marred by exclusive special edition releases. Cosmic balance won't be restored until the untampered originals are given a proper release. I for one am boycotting these.     ETA: Amazon has apparently tampered with the reviews so that they reflect positively on the Blu-Ray set when only a few days ago it averaged a 2-star rating. They appear to have tacked on reviews for previous Star Wars releases which sadly misrepresents consumer sentiment.
B004FRX0MY|1.0|I am constantly getting &quot;error playing file&quot; messages and I am therefore unable to play anything through the app/cloud. U want tp like it but I am unable to.
B0034G4P7Q|3.0|Actually, I really liked this film right up to the end.  The acting was wonderful, the dialogue snappy, and the characters well drawn.  There was the tension of wondering how the lawsuit would turn out (OK, I admit it, I'm one of three people in the US who didn't already know), the drama of friendship betrayed, and some very nice comic relief provided by the Winklevoss twins.<br /><br />And then it ended. I felt like Steve Martin looking down at his plate in LA Story and commenting, \\"I'm done already and I don't remember eating.\\" Or, in less culinary terms, while I was waiting for something to happen, nothing happened.  Sure, Mark Zuckerberg ended up forking over $65 million to the Sons of Thor, but with $16 BILLION at his disposal, that wasn't even a slap on the wrist.<br /><br />The problem with this film, and other movies that are based on actual people, is that the story the writers devise is never as interesting as the real thing. The only motivations that film writers seem to understand are sex and money. So, if someone does something extraordinary for any other reason, real life is adjusted until it fits into their limited sphere of knowledge. In the end, the complexity and mystery that surround the question, \\"Why did he do that?\\" is lost.<br /><br />Mark Zuckerberg did not invent Facebook because he was a social failure aching to get back at the more popular (and less Jewish) Harvard students.  He invented Facebook because 1)he is a computer genius, 2) he realized that the main function of college is to socialize and, 3)he could. Doing something simply because you can is a huge motivating factor for people who are brilliant.  (Clifford Irving, author of The Hoax, pulled off the biggest literary hoax of the century, not for love, or money, but simply because he could.) I wish Sorkin had explored that concept a little more instead of leaving us with the trite, and completely hackneyed concept of \\"Unpopular kid betrays friends and ends up rich but lonely.\\" Trust me, right now Mark Zuckerberg is not sitting alone in an empty room clicking on Erica Albright's Facebook page over and over and over again.rg is not sitting alone in an empty room clicking on Erica Albright's Facebook page over and over and over again.
B002BU0DPE|2.0|When I first heard about this PX21 from a friend via PSN, I thought to myself... \\"What is Turtle Beach.\\" After doing some research about Turtle Beach, they seemed like those Headsets that those \\"PRoZ\\" use.... -______- So, I decided that after having that Official PlayStation Headset for over 2 years. When I first used them, they were comfortable, very comfortable to say... The microphone was very... Err...... Flexible, they really were a nice touch to simplicity...   Time to say the problems however.... Even though I take good care of the headsets, I don't throw them at the floor, I don't step on the wires... Well, not always. But within 3 weeks, my first headset BROKE! Strange part about them breaking however, the headset is connected to 1 wire, so 1 wire connects both the \\"Speakers\\" and the microphone... The headset doesn't work at all, yet I can still talk... Happened with the second pair, Got shipped 3 weeks later, they broke.
B003DTMUOE|5.0|This book takes the reader along the main character's journey.  At the end of this read it makes you feel that anything is possible as long as you are willing to go out and follow your dreams.  A feel good inspirational story.
B004EPYZP8|5.0|It is terrific, well acted. If, you like Michael Connelly, you will be so happy that they followed the book very closely. I have not talked with anyone who felt that they were unsatisfied, That says alot to me. I hope that they do more of Michael Connelly books. Mathew McConahy did a wonderful job with the character and the others were great too. I always thought of Mathew as a decent actor but I think that this is his real forte and shows that he is not just a light comedy actor.
B003J5UIRS|2.0|I am only a few chapters in, and while I am enjoying the material very much, I have to say that the actual electronic version of the book appears to have been typed on a typewriter and paper and then photocopied or scanned in because almost every other sentence has an unnecessary hyphen interrupting a word and making it look like this:      quote from kindle version:      \\"...belief in reincarna-tion, just as religious beliefs in the United States today vary from in-dividual to individual...\\"        yes, its THAT prevalent.  TWO hard coded hyphens within one sentence~!!  Average of 5-7 unnecessary hyphens per page!!!    This has be-come VERY dist-racting and is mak-ing me not want to read the kin-dle ver-sion any-more.    see what I mean?     I should have bought the paper version.  This is the first time, in about 10 kindle books I've read so far, that this has happened... so I won't be deterred from buying more kindle books, but just think I should warn those of you who are thinking of downloading the kindle version.   BUY THE PAPER COPY!'    Hey AMAZON, did you OUTSOURCE your reproduction tasks to the third world?  You need to at least make sure people  are not manually inserting HYPHENS in a world where electronic word processors exist and can auto-hyphen as needed (or better, push the word to the next line!).  eeeek.   Bring the work back to the U.S. !!  we need the jobs!    4 stars for content + zero stars for quality = 2 stars for the average.
B004IQMXD4|5.0|What awesome music Stevie has put out with this CD.  On my first listen, it was okay with some songs really standing out.  But now that I've actually had the chance to listen to it a few times, I really love it!  She sings beautifully with such raw emotion, and the songs are just great.  I've loved Stevie since I first saw her as a 15 year old perform with Fleetwood Mac in Nassau Coliseum on the Tusk tour (1979).  She continues to evovle and grow, and this CD is one of her best!
B001QOGYBI|1.0|While I realize movies-based-on-books often only loosely follow the book, this waste of 1.5 hours neither remotely sticks to the original characters or plot created by Roald Dahl nor even attempts to capture any of his whimsical adventurous flair. The Book/movie is titled 'THE FANTASTIC MR. FOX' which is a catch phrase of sorts in the book but I did not catch once in the movie. The movie heads in a whole different direction for plot, the characters are not even slightly as portrayed in the book....very disappointed, don't waste your time!
B0041KKYBA|4.0|The pace and style of this expose of the banking/mortgage collapse put me off a little in the beginning. The story of the recent implosion of the world economy is told through a series of quick cuts. Now this, now that; now him; now her. In fact, in the commentary that is included on this disc, one of the film's creators said it was always his ambition to produce a rock video. That's what this film is - a rock video documentary.    So in a sense, it seemed the producers of this documentary were reflecting the very values of the corporate culture they were criticizing. They were assuming and pandering to an audience with a very limited attention span, an audience insisting always on something else, something more. They were adopting a mindset that insists on appearances over substance.    However, as the film progressed, I found myself getting more engaged with its argument. I don't know if I was just getting used to the rapid-fire pace, or if the later part of the film slowed down a bit, giving its interview subjects slightly more time to finish a thought. Either way, the film ends up making a good case against the captains of the financial industry. It also exposes, not only the stupidity, greed, and dishonesty, of many of the people involved in bringing down the economy, but it also, to appropriate Hannah Arendt's famous phrase, exposes the sheer banality of their evil. Many of the financiers sought such standardized lives with their ill-gotten billions. They had such standardized visions of living the high life - ostentatious villas, convertibles, prostitutes. Few used their money to create lives with much imagination, heart, or interior glow. That dullness might be their biggest crime.    But such crimes of the spirit can't be prosecuted. This film necessarily concentrates on what many still feel should be the prosecutable infractions of the financiers.     \\"Inside Job\\" starts by describing the collapse of large sectors of Iceland's economy. Iceland's troubles were the troubles of most of the developed world in microcosm. The film then goes on to trace many of the separate kinds of manipulations that led to the widespread downfall. It talks about the development of \\"derivative\\" products that were presumably, like insurance, going to minimize risk by distributing it around to many holders. Instead the derivatives ended up amplifying risk for everyone. The film illustrates how rating agencies had a stake in awarding AAA ratings to investment products rather than honestly assessing their worth. It was the fox guarding the hen house. The narrator explains how a general philosophy of de-regulation ran amok, wiping out necessary safeguards.     You've probably heard before about how one or more of these supports for the financial system got undermined. But this film calls attention to all the implosive elements in turn. It also has its humorous moments - as one high-paid financier after another stammers and stumbles, trying to hide his complicity behind meaningless abstractions and spin doctoring.
B004RC8NUQ|5.0|Let us make no mistake about this film. It is a five star chick flick. There won't be a woman with a dry eye in the house. But face it, &#34;Friends with Benefits&#34; was hands down a better movie. For sensitive guys, it is about 3 stars.<br /><br />I am not an Ashton Kutcher fan by any means. However, I have developed a little more respect for him after this film. Ashton and Natalie have been friends since they were 14, off and on. They come from wealthy families. She becomes a doctor and he follows in his father's footsteps and works in the film industry. When Ashton discovers his dad's new girlfriend is his ex-girlfriend he gets drunk and calls every girl in his cell phone until he gets laid. He ends up with Natalie and they make an arrangement to just be &#34;friends with benefits.&#34;<br /><br />Natalie is a the one who insists on the &#34;no relationship with strings&#34;, just a sexual arrangement as she works weird hours and needs to relax. Ashton apparently has the equipment to help her relax. As all chick flicks go, we know how it turns out, the fun is watching it get there.<br /><br />I actually had a few LOL moments, especially the &#34;period tape.&#34; The movie keeps a good pace and doesn't have boring scenes. Sex, some crude language, and Ashton's nude butt.
0307346617|4.0|This book is one of the few I have bought copies for and given to friends, they also love it and are not avid readers.  If you're new to the zombie genre and are jumping on the bandwagon from \\"The Walking Dead\\", you'll like this book a lot.
0736420959|4.0|My Grand daughter loves the Lion King and watches it \\"all\\" the time. So I purchased the book so she could enjoy the story as read and look at \\"Simba\\" all the time..she is 2 yr :)
0300169787|5.0|I bought this book in preparation for the exhibit at The Met, opening this month. I am sooo pleased with the beautiful photographs and lengthy introduction in the beginning/interview with Sarah Burton at the end. This weighty catalog is insight into a great mind, and a great addition to any fashionista's library.
B004DK5CW4|4.0|This movie initially seemed as if it might suffer from a few handicaps (pun intended). It saddled itself with extra pounds of clichés. (\\"You'll never know how far you can go if you don't run.\\") Also, some of the characters come on as stereotypical neigh-sayers. There's the crusty horse trainer who bridles at every approach. But he ultimately transcends his lack of fashion sense and his feisty recalcitrance and instead becomes an invaluable ally in the push to make Secretariat a winner. There's the owner of a rival horse who engages in a lot of trash talk. There's the trim and indomitable owner herself who fights to overcome financial set-backs and male chauvinism to assert herself and keep her stake in the horse she senses is capable of great things.     It's often painful to watch the prejudice that existed against women in the paddocks in the 1970's. It's also painful to see the particular conflict between career and domestic duties that complicated Penny Chenery's life then. Her husband's disaffection with her \\"other life\\" shows how little support there was for any woman who wanted to pursue an interest of her own rather than simply be subsidiary and supportive of her husband's career and interests.    Other hurdles put in the path of Secretariat's owner on her way to the Triple Crown sometimes seem as if they might have been dragged in strictly for the purposes of sustaining the tension in this film. There are additional personality conflicts, betrayals, and an untimely tooth abscess, that make every day a challenge to be faced with pluck and a can-do competitive spirit.    Despite this predictable arc of a Horatio Alger story, the movie did end up involving me and touching me. It includes some spectacular photography of horses in action. Every viewer will be turned into a horse whisperer as the camera puts you nostril-to-nostril with the straining, striving horse heading for the finish line.
B003ELOQD4|4.0|I ve got it in DVD and i purchase the bluray,  On my home cinema it's great.  All the title are very beautifull and the picture is very good.    I receve the bluray in reunion island.
0307477479|3.0|This is not a book to take lightly. Once you start, you need to keep with it and here's why: The structure of the novel is like a crap shoot. Take two, three, four die and put the name of Sasha on some and the name of Bennie on the others. Then roll. Each number that comes up constitutes a chapter and a different character that has in some way been in contact with (however remotely) Sasha and or Bennie. So, the \\"novel\\" really is a set of short stories that could stand on their own but don't because of the Sasha, Bennie connection. The other issue is that the novel jumps back and forth in time (over about a 40 year span) and voices change, its 1st person, then 2nd person, then 3rd. So, pay attention. The good news about the novel is that the some of the \\"short\\" stories are very good. Here's the premise. Most of the people that populate this book are in some way connected to underground or punk rock music. Bennie is a punk rocker and Sasha is an aficionado. She ends up working for Bennie when he hits it big with his group (he, as producer), the Conduits. But, you see, Sasha has a problem. She's a kleptomaniac. But it's not the THINGS she desires. It's the actual act of the stealing. We have another story line of a music producer who already has had two wives and 4 kids and now takes a potential third wife on a safari with his two older children. The story is told from the view point of female lover and the daughter. Some of these stories are quite funny and others downright melancholy. Stories of drug addiction, celebrity (think any young starlit that has gotten herself in trouble), suicide, family life, pauses in songs via a power point presentation, annoyances, longing, and life beginning at \\"A\\" point, ending at \\"B\\" point and then the \\"A to B\\" point. The one in particular that I found amusing but I suppose I shouldn't have is the story of Dolly who was once the best when it came to publicity. But she has a disastrous party which kicks her out of the limelight and is forced to do publicity for murderous dictators (which showcases the now aged 28 year old starlit).<br /><br />One of the things that vexed me at first is that when Egan is in the middle of a story involving a character, she then proceeds to tell you the character's life outcome. In a few short words, you find out the \\"B\\" point of that person. But then as you progress through the book, you realize that you need this because you may not see that character again. The final story I found to be one of the least effective. It's about \\"A\\" meeting \\"B\\". Bennie, who is now down and out, has talked one of his \\"has been\\" prot&eacute;g&eacute;s into doing a big comeback. But, we are now in the future and babies are called \\"pointers\\" and discussions mostly take place on \\"handsets\\" that can just about do anything. The texting is texting on steroids. It is a story that does not do justice to the rest of the book. I felt lost. As far as the title goes, the definition of goon is lout, lummox, oaf, stumblebum, oaf, or clod. I think, and of course it's only my opinion, but I believe that is the way she sees people living their lives. They're stumbling, fumbling their way through life because they sure don't know what the \\"B\\" point is.<br /><br />It seems to me that Egan was trying to please two audiences at one time: the Pulitzer committee (or literati) with her varied techniques, multilayered stories, etc. But at the same time, she has written some stories that any everyday reader might enjoy. If you want a mental challenge, pick this book up. It did win the Pulitzer Prize...whatever that might mean to you...To me? It's a crap shoot...s forced to do publicity for murderous dictators (which showcases the now aged 28 year old starlit).     One of the things that vexed me at first is that when Egan is in the middle of a story involving a character, she then proceeds to tell you the character's life outcome. In a few short words, you find out the \\"B\\" point of that person. But then as you progress through the book, you realize that you need this because you may not see that character again. The final story I found to be one of the least effective. It's about \\"A\\" meeting \\"B\\". Bennie, who is now down and out, has talked one of his \\"has been\\" protégés into doing a big comeback. But, we are now in the future and babies are called \\"pointers\\" and discussions mostly take place on \\"handsets\\" that can just about do anything. The texting is texting on steroids. It is a story that does not do justice to the rest of the book. I felt lost. As far as the title goes, the definition of goon is lout, lummox, oaf, stumblebum, oaf, or clod. I think, and of course it's only my opinion, but I believe that is the way she sees people living their lives. They're stumbling, fumbling their way through life because they sure don't know what the \\"B\\" point is.     It seems to me that Egan was trying to please two audiences at one time: the Pulitzer committee (or literati) with her varied techniques, multilayered stories, etc. But at the same time, she has written some stories that any everyday reader might enjoy. If you want a mental challenge, pick this book up. It did win the Pulitzer Prize...whatever that might mean to you...To me? It's a crap shoot...
B002RKRV4Y|2.0|This translation attempts to modernize the phrasing of the book. Lots of contractions and the use of words like \\"gaga\\" as in he went gaga. All that is accomplished is that the power of the words has been dissipated. The story is there, and that's wonderful, but the power of the language has been drained away. Try another translation -- you will be glad you did!
B004FOA84A|5.0|This is a great point and click adventure. Takes about an hour our two to get through it. Bring on the sequel!
0440246008|2.0|I'm enduring the book only so I can find out what happens in the end. This is far below what I expect from the usual Jack Reacher story. It seems that author Lee Child put his computer on auto-pilot and hit \\"write\\". Plodding action, indecisive dialog, stale characters. I suspect someone else is writing whole passages depicting Reacher in the settings -- Manhattan, East Anglian countryside -- only to demonstrate knowledge of the local area.  And, the reveal of good vs. bad guys happened way too soon. Despite this, I won't give up on Lee Child and Jack Reacher, but compared to my most recent read, \\"61 Hours\\", this is a weak effort by Lee Child and his team of researchers. Give it a pass.
B00003CXB4|5.0|Well sent
B002Q9VPFM|4.0|I think \\"Watchmen: The Ultimate Cult\\" is essentially a love letter to the fans. This version should, in no way, be viewed as a proper installment. The animated entries are offered as a possible \\"what if\\" had the director been given the resources and funds to makes a richer rendition of the graphic novel. If you've seen 'Superman II: The Donner cut', think about it like that. What your seeing are the possibilities without the advantage of finished production shots. So, yes, when you watch this version, please note you will need to suspend your disbelief a little deeper and understand the intent given here. This is not meant to compete with the theatrical or director's cut versions. If you enjoy the world of the Watchmen and want to delve a little deeper, sit back and enjoy this exploration. You'll be glad you hopped on board.
1595141715|1.0|I heard about this book from a younger friend who was in the middle of it, and the basis for it did sound interesting.  I am an adult so I figured it would be cool to see what's published for the young teens these days.  It's such a shame the author had a great idea, but butchered it in the actual plot and writing of the book.      The character of Hannah was so unrealistic and unbelievable I never got into her character.  And the 13 reasons are #1- way too many reasons, #2- some of them were unrealistic and annoying, #3- seemed like it was just \\"filler\\" to make the book longer.  I was expecting at the very least, a big final chapter with something dramatic happening, but it was just a disappointment.      The only part of the book that was actually interesting was the Q&A with the author at the back of the book.  The so-called 13 reasons for suicide were quite weak, and I didn't believe those reasons were realistic to a real suicidal person.  Regardless, I HOPE people don't read this, especially if they are suicidal.  If you need a feel good message about how your words and actions could hurt people, I'm sure there's something else better suited for reading. Not Recommended!!
0143038419|1.0|She is like a parasite living off of people's social generosity.    If I could, I would have given this book a zero rating if not a minus, but sadly such options were not available.    I started out the book feeling sympathetic towards the author. By the time I realized that this is the story of an extremely wealthy, privileged, vain, self-absorbed, spoiled woman who is all about \\"me, me, me\\", I was already half way through the book.  The only thing that kept me going was the string of hope that it would get better. By the time I realized it never will, I was almost done with the book thus just finished it to have a sense of closure.    She is like a parasite living off of people's social generosity. Those of us who have travelled to remote places out of our comfort zones know exactly what I am talking about. Locals embrace us with genuine warmth, probably because they know we are tourists; maybe there is an interest because we look quite different; or most likely, because that's just the kind of people who they are. I was deeply offended when she made such condescending remarks and such an ignorant generalization of what she perceives to be the culture of Bali and the way people think. And this is coming from someone who spent how long on that island? Maybe a few weeks or a few months? What an ingrate after everything people have done/given to her.    She makes sure to make a point how different she was from the \\"expat\\" societies who separate themselves from the local community yet it's at one of those parties where she meets her new Brazilian boyfriend. I find her hypocritical.    I could not believe that there was a publisher out there willing to publish her story. This was by far the worst thing I have ever read.
B00003CXA2|3.0|I agree with a lot of the reviewers here that this movie is technically very well done. There is some very good acting in it. But I don't get what all the fuss is about. This movie is PC to the max, it ends with Forrest having an AIDs infected child he has to raise! We're supposed to find this uplifting?  Tom Hanks did better, I feel, in The Green Mile.
B000066C6F|5.0|Well sent
B000UZNRS2|5.0|I'm actually a huge David Baldacci fan and have read all his books.  This is actually the first time that I am writing a review for one of his books because this one was THAT good.  Like I said, I am a huge Baldacci fan so this may be a little biased to begin with.  This book is filled with action, suspense, and jaw dropping moments that you have to read a passage two or three times because you still can't believe that happened.  I highly recommend this book to any action/mystery fan however I do suggest you read the Camel Club first.  All in all, you'd still be able to follow the story but it would not have the same effect on you.  Happy reading!
B00099BPP6|5.0|Kubelik's 1964 Rigoletto has managed to become and remain a classic choice for this opera; it is a generally superb performance, even though the cast may look a little surprising to opera fans at first. A young Renata Scotto is superb - dizzying, even - as Gilda, who sings with a wonderful, full-blooded voice and an amazing coloratura. Her dynamic control and phrasing is impeccable and the high register a sheer wonder (\\"Caro nome\\" is breathtaking, but only one example among many). One can perhaps sense that Kubelik adapted his approach (tempi and dynamics) partially to suit Scotto's singing, but he can really not be blamed for that.    In the title role Fischer-Dieskau does an impressive job as well. That his characterization is marvelous is hardly surprising, and his darkly soft voice comes to its full especially in his interactions with Scotto. Nevertheless, Fischer-Dieskau is first and foremostly a lieder singer, and sometimes this may be a little too obvious (opinion seems to be divided; I think it generally works but I do get the point of said objection). Bergonzi is splendid as well as the Duke of Mantua, full of character as well and of course a wonderful sound - another one of many reasons to acquire this set.    The smaller roles are generally excellent (Vinco is a good Sparafucile, Cossotto a magnificent Maddalena), and the choral and orchestral forces provide colorful, dramatic performances. Kubelik generally keeps the reins tight, except in some of Scotto's numbers, and directs a momentous, spirited and generally excellent performance - it is particularly noteworthy, I think, for its nuanced - often almost shimmering - orchestral textures. The sound is first-rate for the age. Strongly recommended.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I'm really hoping that George is not that stupid and KNOWS that his biggest fans with the most disposable income want the original versions.  Also, Lucas has an ENORMOUS ego, and is his own biggest fanboy.  If anybody wants to see the originals in glorious BluRay HD, it's Georgie-Boy.  Deep down, G. wants to sit back and say, \\"Look what I did, WAY BACK IN 1977!!! ISN'T IT PRETTY?!?\\"    At least, I really hope he does...
B001TKD4ZI|3.0|I needed some brain fluff to take a break from the heavy reading I've been doing this week. This book fit the bill nicely. I picked this ebook up for free and based on the title I was expecting a Chick Lit romp - possibly a reality TV type book. Nope didn't happen. In fact, I'd like to send the author/publisher an epic.fail for the title of this book. Anything would have been better.    Okay, so aside from a crappy, mis-leading title, this book was good! At first I thought I was in for an erotic romance (I mean, the first scene of the book is three vamps playing with a human sex doll), then it strengthened up with a plot, and then I became a little bored because I thought there was going to be a plot inside a plot, but no the author pulled off a brilliant twist and it all came together in one big happy plot. [I'm pressing the Like Button here, kids] There was action, some cheesy romance and a little bit of erotica all wrapped up in a neat little package.
B000001EL3|5.0|Well sent
0061353248|1.0|Ariely seems like a genuinely nice guy, there were many glowing reviews, his reputation is good, and so I was predisposed to like his book.  It was an interesting read, I will grant that, but I disagreed with almost every point he made.<br /><br />First, his experiments were all, or mostly, with college students.  This is not a representative sample.<br /><br />Second, he seems to have blinders on.  I think all experimenters have some expectation of what they will find, but he seems to willfully ignore (or fail to consider) any explanation of results that doesn't fit with what he was expecting.<br /><br />Third, he seems to have an agenda.  His interpretation of all results seems to argue for what he believes or what he wants to believe, or what he wants his readers to believe.  I don't know whether he considers other possible explanations, but he certainly doesn't present other explanations.  So he is either very naive, which undercuts his credibility as a scientist, or he is willfully misleading his audience, which, in my opinion, is unscientific, indefensible, and dishonorable.<br /><br />I feel bad to say that, because he seems genuinely nice.  On the plus side, if you can ignore his interpretations, the experiments themselves are thought-provoking.  The book made me think about a lot and most experiments made me want to design additional experiments to test whether his interpretation or mine or something else entirely was correct.<br /><br />---<br />2013 Aug 18  - update<br /><br />One commenter asked for examples.  Good point.  I've responded to his comment with an example from the book.
B0032Y8XH8|4.0|Before buying this CD, I was told that, other than the two radio-popular songs, the CD isn't anything special. I disagree. I actually have a new favorite M&S song (Sigh No More) after listening to the whole CD>
B004D3BPH2|5.0|I bought this when the planets had mysteriously aligned and the price was a mere $39.99 US (and with the Australian dollar buying $1.10 US recently, it was even better!). But the normal price was around twice that, but even if this seemingly one-time special is never to be repeated, this set is still worth it at $80 (which is just $2.75 per disc).    Of the 29 CDs in the set I purchased (I note 31 now listed? Brilliant are always re-jigging their products, it seems) I can safely say that it was only the \\"Concerto in E major for Flute, Oboe d'amore, Viola d'amore, Strings & basso continuo\\" on the \\"Concertos for Diverse Instruments\\" CD that I did not like. The viola d'amore in this recording almost sounds out of tune; the performers are the Wiener Akademie. It's so bad I can't stand to listen to it, but with only one work across 29 CDs not being to my liking, that's not bad, considering.     The 4 CDs of Tafelmusik are played by Musica Amphion and use period instruments. The performances are quite agreeable, though I prefer Reinhard Goebel's Musica Antiqua Köln for these works, but a change of pace to trick the ear every now and then doesn't go astray, and if you don't yet have Tafelmusik, then these will fill that void well.    The 8 CDs of overtures are excellent. They're not lush or rushed performances worthy of Reinhard Goebel, but are more intimate modern instrument recordings made between 2004 and 2008. They are worth the full price alone, in my view. The Passions-Oratorium spans two discs and is mainly a curiosity for me. It isn't a particularly memorable work. The remaining CDs make for easy listening and will round out your Telemann collection in one fell swoop.    Each disc is housed in its own cardboard sleeve (all orange in my set except discs 6 and 7, which were green, using the same pattern; quite strange, but who cares?). A CD-ROM is also included with liner notes in PDF form and a full Brilliant Classics catalogue (which seems to be more detailed thantheir web site at present).    In short, I would recommend this without question.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This app has tons of options.   Best alarm app I have tried so far including a paid one.   And this one is free!   I really like the math problems,  great idea.   But even the hardest ones are not TOO hard.  But then again I didn't expect calculus.    5*
B003IPC5SO|5.0|From the stunning cover art to the songs, this is a perfect album. Heavy on dance tracks with a few pop songs thrown in, this is a can't miss album and should have been huge. It wasn't though, but that hasn't stopped me from listening to it every day.
B004UID2LC|5.0|very easy to use! It does exactly what I was looking for, plus more. Definitely recommended for any android user.
0812973992|4.0|I had seen The Great World Spin pop up in just about every book store and on a number of \\"great books\\" lists for about a year, so when I found it cheap, I picked it up. Of course, I didn't actually read it for about six months, but after finishing it, I wish I had gotten to it sooner. I really, really liked this book. It so well-written - the style is beautiful,  I connected with the characters, and the delicate weaving of all the plot lines was perfect. It was just a lovely book.    The unifying event in Let the Great World Spin is a fictionalization of Philippe Petit's infamous tightrope walk between the World Trade Towers in the 1970's. \\"Unifying\\" might not be completely accurate - Petit's tightrope walk is a tool used to introduce a variety of the characters, but it's not Petit or his act that brings them all together. On that day, most of them just happen to cross paths, but as the city and life move on from Petit's tightrope walk, all of the characters' stories start to come together naturally anyways.    The book really begins as a series of short stories. Each chapter focuses on a different character and is told in that character's voice. At first, each chapter doesn't seem to have much to do with the next, however, as you move through the book, the stories and characters start to come together and you start to see how people who really shouldn't have anything to do with each other end up being tied to each other by very random acts.    As I got deeper and deeper into Let the Great World Spin, Petit and his tightrope dropped to the background - he was interesting, but was really just a sideshow to each of the characters and stories. I couldn't get enough of the characters McCann crafted, which is a little strange to say because most, if not all, of them do not have easy or happy stories. The tone of this book is melancholy, but it is real and eventually satisfying. Despite being centered around a pretty unbelievable event, the stories and characters are believable and very relatable. There's a lot to the stories in this book - it's definitely worth digging into.    In a nutshell: I highly recommend this one - it's just a beautiful story. Four stars.
0425241505|5.0|Great characters, a compelling story and a paranormal world that still manages to be new and different in a genre where it seems like it's all been done before.<br /><br />Dragos is the ultimate in protective, possessive alpha heroes and an absolute sweetheart in his dragon sort of way. \\"Thief or not, she is mine and I'm keeping her. If a single hair on that young woman's head is harmed, you four bastards better be slaughtered and in pieces when I find you.\\"<br /><br />Pia is the rare heroine who actually longs for love, security and her Happily-Ever-After. \\"She wanted a lover and a mate, a real home, a safe house, a place she didn't have to run from, and dare she think it, maybe someday even children.\\"<br /><br />Dragos and Pia are what makes this story special, I think. They're perfect together and a new favorite couple. Recommended for anyone who loves a possessive, protective alpha hero and a vulnerable heroine.
B004SEVPWQ|2.0|difficult to set up and aim. I don't have patience to figure out complicated game. i have seen better. uninstall.
B004SBS8LA|3.0|Well it is may and still no update.  When is it going to happen?   Hopefully not like angry birds seasons.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I wanted to get a new bag for my Nikon D3100.  I looked around at local photography stores and Best Buy.  After seeing most of the prices and what I really wanted out of a bag, I google searched and this came up from Amazon.  I looked at the bag and viewed the pics online and figured for the price I would try it out.      When I received my bag it was exactly how it was online.  There are a ton of compartments and you can interchange as they all attach with velcro.  The bag is very very light and works well with my tripod on the side.  Durability, well it's fully padded but maybe could be just a tad better.  But were I to drop my camera bag with my stuff in it, I wouldn't be worried - though I wouldn't recommend testing that out.    All-in-all very good bag, very good price!  I would highly suggest this product!
B00004U45G|5.0|I've had this album for over 10 years and it still stomps on my balls every time I listen to it.    You can't beat this album. The best of the best.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Andriod Market has theirs.  But it doesn't update yours if you go there.  So what's up Amazon?  Get it together &amp; get the update to this dang game.  Ridiculous!!!!!
B004LL1HM4|5.0|2011-05-06
B0001611DI|5.0|First off lets get this straight. Dawn of the Dead is not only one of the greatest movies of all time, IT IS THE GREATEST ZOMBIE MOVIE IN HISTORY!I was looking at other sites for this movie and on amazon that did not just have over 100 copies of it THEY WERE ALMOST ALL UNDER 15$!    If you are looking for a great zombie movie just watch Dawn of the Dead and you will never watch another zombie movie in your lifetime (with exceptions for Night of the Living Dead and Evil Dead II).
B000QRIGLC|5.0|As a Texan and an American I am proud of you. Thank you military. This book was a good read. I mostly read WW II books but this was great as well.
0143034901|5.0|El mejor libro de la decada. Sin duda este joven autor ganara algun dia el premio novel de literatura. La intriga, mezclada con la historia, los sentimientos de los caracteres y el humor, hacen de esta novela un libro imposible de dejar de leer... Yo la he leido tres veces y cada vez encuentro algo nuevo, algo humano, algo historico, pero sobre todo algo tan maravilloso como \\"El cementerio de los libros olvidados\\".. Cuanto daria you por ser el guardian de este lugar...!
B004Q1FDHO|5.0|Great game...wasnt expecting much on a fishing game and had passed it up many times but very entertaining...good job for the developer
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I am amazed how well I can actually here with these on. All I had before were the walmart $20 head set that were less than crap. Impressed to say the least. I can hear people walking around behind me or on the other side of a wall and know which way they are walking. Just like being in the room in real life.
B004P7CMXC|4.0|takes a while to get going into action and when it does its gore and guts and vampires all over the place
1401216676|5.0|This is the third book i buy, i'm planning to start a collection of the highest rated novels.  Since I've been a kid, the world of Batman, has always been a fascination of mine.  This story portrays a Joker as psychopath with a purpose, whatever that means, also it tells us the complexed relationship between Batman and the Joker.  From the storytelling to the graphics and the way Alan Moore takes you form scene to scene is completely impossible to stop reading...the only down size of it all is the fact that the story is a bit short.  I was really so into the story that i wanted to keep reading and reading.  A must have!  No surprise as in why is rated one of the top 5 Batman novels.
0385751893|4.0|Nine year old Bruno's father has been recently promoted to the post of Commandant by the \\"Fury\\" (the Fuhrer) as he expects great things for him. Quite naïve about the situation of his country, the greatest worry in Bruno's innocent mind is that his family has to leave their beautiful five-storied house in Berlin because of his father's promotion and shift to \\"Out-with\\" (Auschwitz). He is disappointed to find that \\"Out-with\\" is a lonely countryside with no children of his age to play with. He is surprised and intrigued when he finds out a farm-like settlement just opposite the window of his room. What strikes him as strange is that the entire area is enclosed by fences, and everyone living there are boys and men of varying ages, having a shaved head and wearing striped pyjamas. Even though he is told not to go near the fenced area, Bruno's urge for exploration ultimately leads him to the camp where he meets Shmuel. Shmuel lives on the other side of the fence, leading a life that is quite unlike that of Bruno. As their friendship blossoms, Bruno becomes unintentionally entangled with a series of events that is both horrific and terrible.<br /><br />The Boy In Striped Pyjamas book was recommended to me by my sister after I had read The Book Thief. The Boy in Stripped Pyjamas too tells us the story of the cruelty against Jews by the Nazis from the eyes of a German child. Except that similarity both books are miles apart from each other. The guileless nature of a child which was absent in The Book Thief is ever present in this book. The simple language in which this book is written will make you feel that you are reading a children's book, though the malice and sadness observed by Bruno is something everyone will wish no child has ever experienced. A short and quick read, you can't put this book down till you find out what happened to Bruno and Shmuel at the end.<br /><br />Bruno won my heart from the very first chapter. His perception of his surroundings, of his parents' relationship, his sister's whims and of the soldiers' natures, all carried an innocence and obliviousness. His frankness makes him tell the plain truth unflinchingly even to the unpleasant Lieutenant Kotler. Though he is the Commandant's son, he is completely unaware of the events in his country and more concerned about looking for boys of his age to befriend. This may seem impossible to believe, but in the fanciful world of fiction it would be much more pleasanter to assume that his parents chose to keep him in oblivion of the hate and violence that was reigning in his country. It is also mentioned that the new tutor that is appointed to his sister and him in Auschwitz tries his best to teach Bruno the workings of his country but Bruno refuses to learn, preferring his stories of explorers over them. On the other hand, Shmuel is the complete opposite of Bruno. Having seen horrors and cruelties that Bruno can't even start to imagine, Shmuel is more mature and worldly-wise between the two of them. His quiet and understanding nature makes him quite an unexpected companion to Bruno who is overflowing with energy. Shmuel lives in concentration camps where he is made to work hard and barely given anything to eat. He finds reprieve from all his worries and sadness in Bruno's friendship. Even after all the things he has gone through, he still carries his childish nature that enables him to hope for a better future away from the camp.<br /><br />The strange thing about The Boy in Stripped Pyjamas is that not even one gruesome or heart-wrenching thing is explained, only the facts are stated bluntly, yet I cried in many parts of the book. The emotions stated from the open and non-judgemental eyes of a child make them more moving and realistic. This book truly touched my heart. There is only problem that stops this book from being one of my favorites. In most books I find children acting older than their age however my problem with this book is quite the opposite. At many points I think the author made Bruno much younger than a nine year old. Most of the nine year olds that I have met are much more mature than him. Even if his unawareness can be blamed on an overprotective upbringing, it doesn't explain why he can't pronounce words (like Auschwitz and Fuhrer) after being corrected numerous times.<br /><br />\\"A story of innocence in a world of ignorance\\"--this is the perfect tagline for this book. This little line explains the concept of the book better than any summary. The Boy in Striped Pyjamas is a book that shall keep your mind occupied for days after reading it. There are many unsolved questions in the book which the author leaves for the readers to draw their own conclusions from.<br /><br />Quotes:<br /><br />\\"Sitting around miserable all day won't make you any happier.\\"<br /><br />\\"We're not supposed to be friends, you and me. We're meant to be enemies. Did you know that? \\"<br /><br />Very slowly he turned his head back to look at Shmuel, who wasn't crying anymore, merely staring at the floor and looking as if he was trying to convince his soul not to live inside his tiny body anymore, but to slip away and sail to the door and rise up into the sky, gliding through the clouds until it was very far away.<br /><br />Overall:<br />A poignant tale which haunted me for days<br /><br />Recommended?<br />Yes, if you're interested in books about the Holocaust from a child's perspectiveor made Bruno much younger than a nine year old. Most of the nine year olds that I have met are much more mature than him. Even if his unawareness can be blamed on an overprotective upbringing, it doesn't explain why he can't pronounce words (like Auschwitz and Fuhrer) after being corrected numerous times.     \\"A story of innocence in a world of ignorance\\"--this is the perfect tagline for this book. This little line explains the concept of the book better than any summary. The Boy in Striped Pyjamas is a book that shall keep your mind occupied for days after reading it. There are many unsolved questions in the book which the author leaves for the readers to draw their own conclusions from.     Quotes:     \\"Sitting around miserable all day won't make you any happier.\\"     \\"We're not supposed to be friends, you and me. We're meant to be enemies. Did you know that? \\"     Very slowly he turned his head back to look at Shmuel, who wasn't crying anymore, merely staring at the floor and looking as if he was trying to convince his soul not to live inside his tiny body anymore, but to slip away and sail to the door and rise up into the sky, gliding through the clouds until it was very far away.     Overall:   A poignant tale which haunted me for days     Recommended?   Yes, if you're interested in books about the Holocaust from a child's perspective
B004E2XAFW|5.0|I must say that I am completely impressed with Within Temptations latest effort. I have waited to write a review so that I could listen to the CD at least 30 times all the way through, and I find this CD to of course be a little different than that of their past musical efforts. Honestly though, it is Amazing. The musical score and instrumentation seems to be more straightforward than their previous 'Heart of Everything' and there is more of a rock feeling musically. It is awesome though because they mix it up in almost every song so that it is never boring, I swear there is major classic rock influence in some of the songs. I can see why some would not like it and to be honest, before hearing it I thought, \\"What the hell? A comic book? Are they out of their minds!?\\" Needless to say it caught me off guard because \\"Heart of Everything\\" was well.. everything! But I have been seduced by the Temptation once again.     Side note (don't let this influence you to not get the CD, the CD is great!)- As for the movie and added extra stuff, I think it's cool they went for a concept album, but I didn't really get it. The movies weren't bad they just were kinda there and no one from the band decided to explain the reasons for having these movies, concepts, and storyline for the album. The added content meh, maybe I'd give it like three stars because I didn't really care for it but it wasn't bad. I just wished someone explained why they did this and how did these individual movies fit into each other (there are three) and the CD Lyrics. Also they have this comic book slides where I guess they got the ideas for the album, there's an option to see the comic book slides but the dialog is way too small and you can't really tell what's going on. So for the extra stuff I wasn't really a fan.    The CD though! I freaking Rocks!! I love it!!
B004LZRSBY|5.0|I received my blu-ray copy in the mail today (I'm actually watching it right now) and am blown away by the sound and picture quality.  A-ha sound as good, if not better, than they have on any of their studio albums.  I should have watched the whole thing before I wrote this, but I'm already 100% satisfied :)    The stage, background, crowd... everything is perfect and visually stunning.  The arrangements of familiar classics are fresh and unique, without losing the well-loved sound of the originals.  I can't remember if the product listing includes the full track listing, but it's a wonderful mix of the old and new.  Of course I have favorites I wished were included, but I'm a die-hard fan and 20 songs could never be enough!    Okay, I just watched the bonus features.  Not a lot to speak of, but still a very touching (if short) look at how A-ha has effected people all over the world.  I wasn't expecting a wealth of bonus features, and for the price I am absolutely MORE than satisfied.  A must-have for every A-ha fan!!
1577314808|5.0|When I first got this book, it jumped out at me from the bookstore. I couldn't explain why. But, once I picked it up, I couldn't put it back down. Yet.<br /><br />I started to read and around the point where the author is trying to explain to his readers the need to silence the mind, I had to put the book down. Things were getting too heavy for me and I felt I needed to pause before continuing. Even friends thought I was freaky for trying to learn that the mind should be watched and mastered.<br /><br />I did not return to it for a whole year.<br /><br />I suppose I was finally ready, and I picked it up and read it. It's amazing. It's for anyone, of all religions. Its concepts are very Christian and Buddhist, meditative and agnostic. It doesn't need to label itself. It is universally true.<br /><br />I still grapple with the concepts in the book, thinking of these to be for some higher state of being that I yet cannot be (although this is a myth, as it is attainable to me and to you, now). But, I still believe in them and believe in pursuing them. I believe I already am whole, and all that I need to be, and that nothing is imperfect about this moment. Realizing these concepts equates to the best path for peace for our selves and all of existence. I still learned from it that essentially, everything is okay. What an important lesson for us all to learn-- so big, and so small.<br /><br />End dualistic thinking and learn power and acceptance, peace and strength. Learn that it's okay to let go and learn how to find true joy in the moment. Learn how to be more awake and aware! The path to enlightenment is available to everyone. I keep striving for this continuously (such is this existence) and I hope you will, too. Clear and silence your mind.
B001P06GX4|5.0|Blokus is a great game for all ages.  The younger kids treat it like a puzzle, just making cool shapes and color combos. For the rest of the family, this is a great game to teach strategy and patience.  We enjoy this at least once a week!
0786890762|4.0|Told exclusively in notes, instant messages, post cards and email this is the story of a life long friendship between Rosie and Alex.  They first meet when they're seated next to each other their first year in school and become inseparable.  From the beginning you can see they're meant to be more than friends but this is chick lit not romance and things don't happen as they should.  Life pulls them apart and brings them together, their paths go off in different directions, they make tons of mistakes but they always manage to keep in touch and share witticisms, heartache and frustration.<br /><br />The early part of the book was honestly my favorite.  I loved these two smart-*ss young kids and their banter was quite funny.<br /><br />Here's Alex trying to describe his first sexual experience to Rosie during an IM (instant messaging) session at school:<br /><br />\\"Rosie, virgin boy is no longer.\\"<br /><br />Rosie IM's back:  \\"Is no longer than a what?  Baby sweetcorn?\\"<br /><br />What happens is next is priceless and the inflection and accent the narrator gives these Irish kids makes it even funnier stuff.<br /><br />Rosie and Alex have a fun, witty and easy friendship until the summer before senior year.  Then things get complicated and continue to stay that way throughout most of the book.  Though humor is always the backbone of the story, things get a little darker in tone as Rosie's bright future with Alex doesn't materialize and her life takes a very different path than the one she imagined for herself.  We see Rosie through a depression and many a setback but Alex is always there in the background as well as her lovely, supportive family and her hilarious girlfriend Ruby.  Alex and Rosie obviously should be together but their timing is always way off and both get on with their lives the best way they can.  None of these people were overly neurotic and Rosie was an extremely hard worker, good mother/friend/sister/daughter and I really enjoyed reading about her life.<br /><br />This book was too long for me but it was witty with truly warm and likable characters you can get behind (unlike most chick lit books) who make stupid mistakes like most of us. It was also surprisingly emotional here and there considering the way the story was told with the emails and all.  I can easily recommend this to anyone looking for a pick-me-up.fe.<br /><br />This book was too long for me but it was witty with truly warm and likable characters you can get behind (unlike most chick lit books) who make stupid mistakes like most of us. It was also surprisingly emotional here and there considering the way the story was told with the emails and all.  I can easily recommend this to anyone looking for a pick-me-up.
B002ZG976U|5.0|I saw this at the theater.  Loved the film, the theater screen made it look too fuzzy but it was awesome seeing Cher on the big screen, my first.  I thought the film and performances were well done.  It's not Moonstruck but it is a love story of many types.  The film was low key and lacked a lot of the stressful tension and excitement I fear lots of younger generations of films goers have grown addicted to, with things flying at you and flashing at you from everywhere.  I was expecting something more intense and tailored to a more adult audience but was pleasantly surprised at how well they presented the rough life of burlesque.  That rough side having been portrayed in older films, though the entertainment still persists today.  Chers solo performances were fantastic especially Burlesque.    I thought the film was enjoyably entertaining and there are some surprises. No blatant nudity.
B0011TZTLE|5.0|This albums is electric. There are countless lackluster live albums - this isn't one of them. Bob and band play like it really matters - not as if its just the next stop on their tour, but like it's the only show they're gonna play all year. The *ENERGY* of this album can't be beat - just fantastic. I have a friend who said, \\"I never like live albums, but I like this one.\\" If you like Bob Marley, buy this album - it's a treat.
1439102724|5.0|Although I'm a great fan of Jodi Picoult and have enjoyed all her novels, this one was a complete surprise. I started it thinking it was going to be a love story and it's all of that certainly, but a love story of a different kind. Zoe Baxter, a music therapist, who works with troubled kids, wants to become a mother more than anything in this world. She and her husband Max, a nice guy, who seem to love each other, have gone through several bouts of expensive and uncomfortable in vitro fertilization until Zoe finally gives birth to a stillborn son. Although they are both devastated by the loss Zoe wants to try again, but Max has had enough--and divorces her. Shattered, and at her wit's end, she becomes friends with Vanessa, a guidance counselor at the school where she works. Vanessa is kind and understanding, as well as lots of fun, and gives Zoe everything that was lacking in her relationship with Max. Soon, to Zoe's (and mine) complete amazement they become lovers. Then Zoe remembers she still has three frozen embryos in a sperm bank and Vanessa, who is younger and healthier, is eager to carry a baby. All they need to become parents, they think, is Max's name on a consent form giving up all claim to the embryos, which Zoe feels will be no problem. But to her utter astonishment and pain Max refuses to sign the consent form and takes her to court instead. He has joined an evangelical church since the divorce, which condemns homosexuality, and feels the embryos are unborn children which should be raised in a traditional family. He wants to give the embryos to his rich brother and sister-inlaw, who are childless, and has a high-powered lawyer and a charasmatic preacher to argue his cause. Zoe and Vanessa, who have gotten legally married in Massachusetts, fight with all they have to keep this from happening, but they don't have much to go on except their love. What follows is a fascinating courtroom battle that is full of surprises and leaves you on the edge of your seat. The book is a powerful argument for gay rights and one I thoroughly enjoyed. But, at least for me, it still didn't answer the question; are homosexuals born or do they choose that life style?t. The book is a powerful argument for gay rights and one I thoroughly enjoyed. But, at least for me, it still didn't answer the question; are homosexuals born or do they choose that life style?
B004IQMXD4|5.0|This very well may be Stevie's best solo album to date.  Without question, In Your Dreams is her strongest effort since the early 1980s, when she was in top form with Bella Donna and The Wild Heart.  Musically, this is Stevie's most diverse album, with flavorings of rock, country, folk, blues, and even Euro-pop.  Yet is is incredibly cohesive, layered, and unfolds with every listen.  A brief run-down of the songs:    Secret Love -  The first single about a clandestine affair dates back to the mid-70s.  This song features a strong vocal by Stevie as she wonders \\"must secret loves secretly die?\\"    For What It's Worth - One of my favorites on the album.  This is a gentle, folk-type song, and Stevie's voice wraps around the guitar beautifully.  Features some of the best lyrics on the album, as Stevie thanks someone for \\"saving her life.\\"    In Your Dreams - An upbeat song about an on again, off-again relationship (\\"I'm always in and out of your life\\").  I find myself singing along to this one.    Wide Sargasso Sea - Inspired by the film and novel of the same name, Stevie tells the story of a doomed relationship.  This song is funky, sexy, and unlike anything she's ever recorded.    New Orleans - Written about post-Katrina New Orleans, Stevie is hopeful for the rebirth of New Orleans.  \\"I wannna dress up, I wanna wear beads...I wanna go down Bourbon Street.\\"  Features a fantastic vocal by Stevie.    Moonlight - An instant classic that will rank among her greatest songs, like Rhiannon and Gypsy.  Stevie's vocals are beautiful here, displaying great nuances and inflections.      Annabel Lee - I was surprised how much I enjoy this song.  Stevie wrote the music and sings Poe's words with great conviction and emotion.  Her voice is achingly beautiful on the chorus:  \\"And the moon never beams, without bringing me dreams. And the sun never shines, but I see the bright eyes.\\"  I'm pretty sure Mick Fleetwood is drumming on this track, and it makes it all that much better.    Soldier's Angel - A dark, gritty song featuring Lindsey Buckingham on harmonies and guitar.  Written about the effects of war (\\"about what is wrong, about what is righteous\\") this is great poetry from Stevie.    Everybody Loves You - I love the electronic intro to this song!  Stevie co-wrote the words of this with Dave Stewart.  Sounds a bit like the Eurythmics.     Ghosts are Gone - An upbeat rocker.  I feel it could have been a bit shorter, but still a really fun song.    You May Be the One - Another favorite.  This one has a bluesy feel to it.  Love the lyrics here:  \\"I used to love you so much...I used to dream that you were an angel.\\"    Italian Summer - A lovely ballad about a short-lived summer romance in Italy.  Amazing vocals by Stevie, and I love the strings.    Cheaper than Free - Beautiful sentiment from Stevie here, though some of the lyrics are a tad trite.  A nice closer for the album.    I highly recommend this if you are a Stevie Nicks fan.  Dave Stewart and Glen Ballard \\"get\\" Stevie and have really produced a superb album.
1562788485|5.0|Made during the height of Beatlemania, director Richard Lester's A HARD DAY'S NIGHT is a b&w simulation of a day in the life of the Fab Four that includes a live TV show concert. Superb rapid-paced dialogue comes across as ad-lib; the boys show much acting and comedic talent. Unforgettable music also in what is the very finest of this genre.<br /><br />Songs performed or heard on soundtrack: \\"A Hard Day's Night,\\" \\"I Should Have Known Better,\\" \\"I Wanna Be Your Man,\\" \\"Don't Bother Me,\\" \\"All My Loving,\\" \\"If I Fell,\\" \\"Can't Buy Me Love,\\" \\"I'm Happy Just to Dance with You,\\" \\"Tell Me Why,\\" \\"She Loves You\\" and \\"This Boy (Ringo's Theme)\\"&lt;--(George Martin orchestra).<br /><br />Cameos by George Harrison's future wife, Pattie, a very young Phil Collins (drummer/vocalist for Genesis), and as \\"Tall Dancer at the Disco,\\" Jeremy Lloyd, co-creator and producer of the perennially popular BBC TV sitcom, [[ASIN:B002I9TZHA ARE YOU BEING SERVED?]] Lester himself appears briefly as \\"Man in Back of the Stage.\\"<br /><br />Several years later, the film's associate producer Denis O'Dell was lampooned by John as \\"Mr. Denis O'Bell\\" during his spoken intro of the Beatles' single flipside, \\"You Know My Name (Look Up the Number).\\" With mouth firmly on mike, Paul (as Denis) then croons a lounge lizard vocal of this strange tune.<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(7.6) A Hard Day's Night (UK-1964) - The Fabs/Wilfred Brambell/Norman Rossington/John Junkin/Victor Spinetti/John Bluthal (uncredited: Pattie Boyd/Phil Collins/Jeremy Lloyd/Richard Lester)
B0031SCV46|4.0|The Oxygen-49 is a 49-key synth-action MIDI controller with 9 sliders, 8 knobs, a transport control section and 9 generic buttons.  You'll never be fooled into thinking it's a real piano keyboard, but that's not what it is for. (A [[ASIN:B003O66GZ0 StudioLogic 990XP]] feels much more like a hammer-action weighted piano keyboard.)    Of all the buttons, the ones I use most are the transport controls. They took me a while to find the correct setup procedure (buttons in Sonar are rather obscure to program).      drawbacks: The 3-digit LED display is a puzzzle to decode sometimes. (A backlit LCD would probably require too much current.) Programming can be awkward because of the lack of dedicated programming utttons, though at least the keys are labeled.The sliders seem a bit fragile, and it is very difficult to enter precise values with them; you can usually get within  or 2 of the number but hittting it dead on takes luck.The mod wheel doesn't have a centering spring but the pitch bender does, and both wheels are located in an awkward place,    But these issues are minor. The keyboard has a good feel, and the transport buttons are conveniently-placed (and very convenient). I've usually been saatisfied with M-Audio's equipment, and the Oxygen 49 is no exception.
B004J713JW|5.0|A lot has been written here about the artistic aspects of this BR title so I will not add to this pail...  In my opinion this is one of the best filming concerts, taken in the last decade. Same for the video editing. You will not miss any action, weather it's a close up on Billy's keyboard, guitar picking, bass gesture, drums roll, standing out audience or any other \\"worth filming action\\".  A word about the sound. I read some complains about then luck of bass in the PCM and Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtracks. Must say I didn't notice it. There is a mild, sufficient bass. True, not as dominant as in the Police concert but still \\"in place\\".  Don't hesitate getting it, especially if you are High-Def enthusiastic.
B002T4LP6S|5.0|A good read, entertaining and enlightening. Well written, it kept me interested, though I have to admit I am a Dawkins fan so maybe I am a bit biased, good information to know and understand even if you are not a particular fan.
B003TU9O5A|5.0|Made during the height of Beatlemania, director Richard Lester's A HARD DAY'S NIGHT is a b&w simulation of a day in the life of the Fab Four that includes a live TV show concert. Superb rapid-paced dialogue comes across as ad-lib; the boys show much acting and comedic talent. Unforgettable music also in what is the very finest of this genre.<br /><br />Songs performed or heard on soundtrack: \\"A Hard Day's Night,\\" \\"I Should Have Known Better,\\" \\"I Wanna Be Your Man,\\" \\"Don't Bother Me,\\" \\"All My Loving,\\" \\"If I Fell,\\" \\"Can't Buy Me Love,\\" \\"I'm Happy Just to Dance with You,\\" \\"Tell Me Why,\\" \\"She Loves You\\" and \\"This Boy (Ringo's Theme)\\"&lt;--(George Martin orchestra).<br /><br />Cameos by George Harrison's future wife, Pattie, a very young Phil Collins (drummer/vocalist for Genesis), and as \\"Tall Dancer at the Disco,\\" Jeremy Lloyd, co-creator and producer of the perennially popular BBC TV sitcom, [[ASIN:B002I9TZHA ARE YOU BEING SERVED?]] Lester himself appears briefly as \\"Man in Back of the Stage.\\"<br /><br />Several years later, the film's associate producer Denis O'Dell was lampooned by John as \\"Mr. Denis O'Bell\\" during his spoken intro of the Beatles' single flipside, \\"You Know My Name (Look Up the Number).\\" With mouth firmly on mike, Paul (as Denis) then croons a lounge lizard vocal of this strange tune.<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(7.6) A Hard Day's Night (UK-1964) - The Fabs/Wilfred Brambell/Norman Rossington/John Junkin/Victor Spinetti/John Bluthal (uncredited: Pattie Boyd/Phil Collins/Jeremy Lloyd/Richard Lester)
B004EPZ070|1.0|Movies like Something Borrowed are the reason romantic comedies have earned such a bad reputation. Bad writing, lame characters, clichéd plot, Kate Hudson: all the ingredients are there, and the result is predictable and dull. How I miss real romantic comedies, like \\"When Harry Met Sally\\" and \\"Kissing Jessica Stein.\\" I wonder what happened to them and why they've been replaced with this tripe that's neither romantic nor funny.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|I am madly in love with this series. Proven by the fact that I have to stay up very late, after the littles are in bed to watch it (as it is not appropriate for younger audiences). I am willing to lose sleep for this show. Epic.
B001C1066E|3.0|I got the frog on the scheduled date, which was nice.   I opened it with much haste, as I was very excited.   Overall, I was a tad disappointed.   The inside area is very tiny, and can hold maybe $10 in quarters.   I was expecting a lot more than that.   On the Naruto Series, the frog is flat and small when it's empty,   and very large when it's full.   This frog looks the same no matter how much is in it.   It looks good otherwise, minus the metal at the hinges.   It's pretty thin, so I'm not sure how long it will last.
B002GJBRWI|5.0|Made during the height of Beatlemania, director Richard Lester's A HARD DAY'S NIGHT is a b&w simulation of a day in the life of the Fab Four that includes a live TV show concert. Superb rapid-paced dialogue comes across as ad-lib; the boys show much acting and comedic talent. Unforgettable music also in what is the very finest of this genre.<br /><br />Songs performed or heard on soundtrack: \\"A Hard Day's Night,\\" \\"I Should Have Known Better,\\" \\"I Wanna Be Your Man,\\" \\"Don't Bother Me,\\" \\"All My Loving,\\" \\"If I Fell,\\" \\"Can't Buy Me Love,\\" \\"I'm Happy Just to Dance with You,\\" \\"Tell Me Why,\\" \\"She Loves You\\" and \\"This Boy (Ringo's Theme)\\"&lt;--(George Martin orchestra).<br /><br />Cameos by George Harrison's future wife, Pattie, a very young Phil Collins (drummer/vocalist for Genesis), and as \\"Tall Dancer at the Disco,\\" Jeremy Lloyd, co-creator and producer of the perennially popular BBC TV sitcom, [[ASIN:B002I9TZHA ARE YOU BEING SERVED?]] Lester himself appears briefly as \\"Man in Back of the Stage.\\"<br /><br />Several years later, the film's associate producer Denis O'Dell was lampooned by John as \\"Mr. Denis O'Bell\\" during his spoken intro of the Beatles' single flipside, \\"You Know My Name (Look Up the Number).\\" With mouth firmly on mike, Paul (as Denis) then croons a lounge lizard vocal of this strange tune.<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(7.6) A Hard Day's Night (UK-1964) - The Fabs/Wilfred Brambell/Norman Rossington/John Junkin/Victor Spinetti/John Bluthal (uncredited: Pattie Boyd/Phil Collins/Jeremy Lloyd/Richard Lester)
055358202X|5.0|awesome book, though only half the characters are in this one.  been waiting 6 years for the 5th book, and it's finally slated to come out this july!  if you haven't tried this series yet i'd honestly watch the tv show first.. at the rate george rr is writing, the tv show will catch up to the books before the series is finished.  hopefully he doesn't pull a robert jordan and croak on us....
B002GIBVV6|4.0|havent seen this film for ages! it is the wrong area code for my laptop but plays on my DVD player. overall I'm happy with how fast it got here and the quality of the dvd aswell. Thankyou!
B003UESJHO|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie. Fantastic actors, quality performnces, and a wonderful story. The film is funny, sad, and thrilling. I have watched it 10 times since  I received the DVD!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Ok, so if you live and breathe Star Wars, which by the looks of it, most of you do, of course you're going to be disappointed with this release. The only reason I'm commentting is because I saw that this was to be released via Hometheater.com and they warned me about reading the early reviews on Amazon for it. Boy, were they right. Nothing is ever good enough for you people. \\"This action figure had this hair out of place, this DVD did this, this Blu Ray didn't show that.\\" For dire-life's sake, grow up. The fact that the whole saga is being released on Blu Ray can't be good enough for you dorks. You have to write three page essays (before this is even released haha...) as to why this thing is the worst thing to happen to Star Wars. It's like you live in your own little \\"Perfection Of Star Wars\\" world. You dinks have all of these ideas of how this should be or how that should have happened. Guess what? This saga wasn't your idea was it? No? Ok then shut up and stop complaining and enjoy it for what it is.     Oh, and the face that this more than likely will only be in 1080p instead of 4k, do any of you have equipment that supports 4K? What good is that superior resolution if A.)You don't have a device to support it or B.) You'll never own a set large enough to support it. I can understand if you have an actual projection screen hanging on your wall but the fact of the matter is Lucas Films can't worry about the small percentage of people that actually have the capacity to accomidate such a high resolution. Quit whining, move out of mom's house and get a girlfriend.
B004132HZS|5.0|DVD has scenes in each episode that wasn't on the original PBS airings.  Plus it has the original 1 hour pilot and a brief \\"behind the scenes\\" of how the 21st Century Sherlock came into being...
B000QUCNOK|5.0|Of course, the ending is absurd, unless you see the whole story as a sort of folk- or fairy-tale; then, it's a fitting ending... One criticism: Grenouille is too much of an automaton (until the end).
0938045695|4.0|What you'll learn in this book is how not to injure yourself while using kettlebells.    He doesn't really outline any sophisticated workouts.
B004S5D3B6|5.0|I stream movies just about every evening. I found this movie to be excellent in portraying the characters. I didn't think anyone was made to be particularly glamorous.
1593272200|5.0|It's a very detailed reference book for programming in LINUX based on basic man pages.<br />The author had added the plentiful explanations and diagrams on the major topics, it isn't difficult to know that he is the one of the writers of the man pages.<br /><br />There have been lots of praises for this book already, so I don't need to say anymore ...<br /><br />BEST REFERENCE BOOK FOR THE LINUX PROGRAMMING.
B002RHL8DC|5.0|I'm a long time Stargate fan.  This one is different, darker, more dramatic... but it is friggin awesome!  Had a slow start, but kicked into gear the second season!  Truly fantastic
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Great app. Very flexible. it is just what I need to wake me up everyday. I wake up at different times each day depending on when I travel. I can preset my wake ups for the entire week.
B001NFNFIK|5.0|came in less than 3 days, was in the condition the seller said it was in, what more can I say about TLJ,  all of his movies are GOOD. This one will keep you guessing until the end
B00062IDCO|5.0|Star Trek Voyager is my favorite Star Trek series.  I would really like to own all 7 seasons, but can't afford it right now.  I ordered the 7th season first because it has a lot of my favorite episodes.  I received it in a couple of days, and have enjoyed it several times since.  The quality of the dvd's is great, the packaging is pretty cool, too.  All in all I am very happy with my purchase.  I highly recommend it!
B000EQ5TSI|3.0|came in less than 3 days, was in the condition the seller said it was in. All 3 of these were great movies the 1st time I saw them, but after buying them I gave too my ex wife, she likes T. Cruise
B0001I562I|5.0|This is a classic. You won't be disappointed. And if you watched it as a kid you'll still love it as an adult. You get a talking spaceship, cute little aliens and a kid that hits his head and wakes up years later. It's a great sci-fi adventure movie for kids.
1433502410|5.0|I have been a long term user of the NIV Study Bible since I was in my teens and have always recommended it highly.  But in 2010 I read through the ESV Study Bible - yes, cover to cover - and I must say that I was very impressed.<br /><br />The commentary on the Biblical text is good.  I didn't notice any red flags (i.e. heresy) and the authors were fairly even-handed when there were multiple evangelical interpretations of a text (e.g. eschatological views).  However I wouldn't say that the ESV study Bible commentary far outshines the NIV Study Bible commentary.<br /><br />Where the ESV Study Bible clearly excels the NIV Study Bible is in the articles.  Not only are there lengthy introductions to Biblical books, there are many articles that help you to read your Bible, including introductions to Greek, Hebrew and Aramiac.  You also get a brief, but comprehensive, systematic theology with articles even extending to ethical issues such as homosexuality, capital punishment, war and racial discrimination - not to mention articles on other religions and cults.  Another bonus is the 'History of Salvation in the Old Testament' article which is a kind of commentary on the Old Testament to assist you in seeing Jesus in the Old Testament - when I preach on the Old Testament I now consult it.<br /><br />What also sets it apart from the NIV Study Bible is that the ESV hard copy comes with access to all the material online.  I ended up using their website to access the Biblical text and commentary throughout the year, but at times referred to articles when the book wasn't handy.<br /><br />Although I would recommend the NIV translation as the best English translation for personal use, a good rule of thumb is that every English speaking Christian should possess at least two English translations to try and get themselves as close to the original meaning of the texts.  And buying the ESV Study Bible gives you another good English translation to put in your library next to the NIV.<br /><br />So I can't recommend the ESV Study Bible enough.  If you're a new Christian, this should be one of the first books you buy.  It not only gives you a decent translation, but also a reliable commentary and articles which will answer your most frequently asked questions.tudy Bible enough.  If you're a new Christian, this should be one of the first books you buy.  It not only gives you a decent translation, but also a reliable commentary and articles which will answer your most frequently asked questions.
B0024FADAQ|4.0|My kids use to love this movie when they were younger so I bought it for my Nephew's birthday...he thought it was awesome.
B000066SBB|5.0|Im happy with the CD, however when it arrived the case was broken, so you cant keep the outside of the case on. postage was pretty slow (1 month+) compared to other purchases
B000F8O35U|1.0|This product was ordered with another order and this order has not yet arrived.  Granddaughter crying!  Please help Amazon.
B004Q1FDHO|2.0|DROID X and this app makes my phone lock up and reboot, the music stops running and loses progress. When it works it is a lot of fun and easy to lose track of time a couple of hours at a time.
B00003CXIP|5.0|this is a pretty good movie, the story and characters are awesome. this has to be one of the best buddy stories ever told. this is a great movie. if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
0061726826|5.0|The premise for Oliver's newest book, a world where love is considered a deadly disease, is intriguing beyond belief. For a passionate person like myself, who is ruled by her heart and the desire to love and be loved, I was fascinated by the idea of a society who not only discourages love, but considers it a sickness.<br /><br />The main character, Magdalena Ella Holoway Tiddle, or Lena, considers her 5'2\\" self completely average, a girl who is \\"in-between in every way\\" (page 440). She has been born into this society where love is feared and the \\"cure\\" is revered. Lena counts the days until her inoculation, following the rules set before her to a T: it's the only life she has ever known. But when she meets Alex, a boy with wild eyes and hair like a crown of leaves, her entire world is turned on its head. Can she embrace the recklessness yet passionate feelings that are overtaking her whole body, or is there too much at risk to allow herself to be led by her heart?<br /><br />Oliver does an amazing job at making this paranoid Portland, Maine society believable in every way. Every chapter starts with a quote or text taken from a supposed authoritative source, for example, The Book of Shhh, or The Safety, Health, and Happiness Handbook which is the guidebook for the \\"uncured\\" youth who haven't yet been administered the cure to love. The Book of Shhh makes love a dirty word (\\"amor deliria nervosa\\") and lists it as a lethal symptomatic disease that advances quickly and without warning.<br /><br />The most disturbing part is that from an analytical point, the symptoms actually make sense! Love affects your mind so you cannot think clearly? Check! Love sometimes curbs your appetite and disrupts sleeping patterns? Check! It is truly scary how easily I can imagine our own current day world slipping into this delusional notion that love is a contaminating disease and Oliver really tries to stress that point.<br /><br />But I think the point of the book, and the flaw of this society, is the blatant ignorance that love also has benefits, has positive aspects that far outweigh the heart palpitations and dry mouth. Lena discovers that everything she has even been told is a lie, and she's happier for knowing. Happier for being aware, even if that awareness open old wounds and makes her contemplate her entire sense of reality.<br /><br />As in any book, it's all about the characters for me. Even if I love the story, or want to love the story, without realistic characters who come alive, the book falls flat. These characters fall far from flat, in fact, I still find myself thinking of them from time to time, often drawing strength from Lena and her heroism in my own daily life. Even the characters with whom I could not personally identify with, such as Lena's aunt, Carol, were well-rounded and interesting.<br /><br />Best of all, the ending is tragically fantastic and I am counting the days until the next book comes out in February of 2012. Really, making us wait that long to find out what happens, well, that should be illegal!<br /><br />Overall, Delirium lived up to and surpassed my every expectation with its fresh writing, beautiful imagery, and masterful story progression. Oliver is a fantastic writer and I recommend her novels to anyone with a passion for poetic prose, purposeful characters, and meaningful stories.that love also has benefits, has positive aspects that far outweigh the heart palpitations and dry mouth. Lena discovers that everything she has even been told is a lie, and she's happier for knowing. Happier for being aware, even if that awareness open old wounds and makes her contemplate her entire sense of reality.    As in any book, it's all about the characters for me. Even if I love the story, or want to love the story, without realistic characters who come alive, the book falls flat. These characters fall far from flat, in fact, I still find myself thinking of them from time to time, often drawing strength from Lena and her heroism in my own daily life. Even the characters with whom I could not personally identify with, such as Lena's aunt, Carol, were well-rounded and interesting.    Best of all, the ending is tragically fantastic and I am counting the days until the next book comes out in February of 2012. Really, making us wait that long to find out what happens, well, that should be illegal!    Overall, Delirium lived up to and surpassed my every expectation with its fresh writing, beautiful imagery, and masterful story progression. Oliver is a fantastic writer and I recommend her novels to anyone with a passion for poetic prose, purposeful characters, and meaningful stories.
1416550550|5.0|It took a while for me to become involved in this novel - not just that the pace was unhurried, but that the switching of dates and characters was a little confusing. It took longer to get to know each person, and longer to care what was happening to that person.<br />Each segment was beautifully written, just that it is not my preference for a story to jump around.<br /><br />About a third of the way through, it changed. I knew the characters now, knew to check the top of the chapter for the date, and became enthralled. Three women, three stories, but interweaving, connecting and separating, then joining again. Gradually, the story of Eliza and Nell comes clear. Cassandra connects to the past and looks to her future.<br /><br />This is a book that will stay on my shelves. It is a story that I will read again, probably several times. There are meanings within meanings, and some I know that I missed this first time. It is one of those books that become like a warm friend.
B004INNRFK|5.0|This CD DVD combination is great compilation of diverse music genres.  It has something of interest for practically everyone.  I highly recommend it.
0785151303|4.0|[[VIDEOID:moLI781UTI9LNQ]]The Art of Thor is a 240 page hardcover art book that comes with a slipcase. The cover has a faux leather texture with the title embossed and a sticker of a piece of art pasted. The paper quality is like thicker magazine paper, just like the Iron Man movie art books, also published by Marvel.<br /><br />If you haven't watch the movie, the spoilers in the book will come in the form of characters that aren't shown in the trailers. There are lots of designs for the characters, namely Thor, Odin, Loki, Destroyer, enemies and other lesser characters. Each character has several costume variations. The armor and especially the helmets are very beautifully designed. The costumes designs are done really well. Designs for the Destroyer is very cool.<br /><br />The environment art are on Asgard and its various places like Odin's chamber, palace ground, Heimdall's Observatory, Jotunheim and also the sets on Earth. They aren't digitally painted - touched up definitely - and have a very CGI look with the photo textures. The concepts and design are great, you get the feeling that Asgard is a beautiful place but somehow the style of the art just doesn't bring that out.<br /><br />The rest of the book have other stuff like designs for the hammer, Odin's horse, photos of the props and actors, movie posters etc. Most of the art are accompanied by commentary providing interesting background information, like why they create runes on the hammer and what they are.<br /><br />The downside of the book is the less than satisfactory resolution of the art included. The image resolution isn't high enough for the large format book. Some of the pictures look pixelated, especially for those that are scaled over 2 pages, typically the background art.<br /><br />So overall, the character art is great, but the background art and low image resolution don't quite make the mark for me.<br /><br />(There are more pictures of the book on my blog. Just visit my Amazon profile for the link.)
B004FOA84A|5.0|I enjoyed this game immensely. It held my attention and I liked the problem solving and thinking required. I would love to see these people do more games. I would buy them in any format I could play (Droid, computer...). Someone had a good thought, a sequel or prequel. I got it when it was free but I was looking on Amazon apps to  buy any more games this group made. Unfortunately there are no others.
0307887960|5.0|OH MY GAWD!  You'll fry your kidneys!  You won't get enough fat! (Is that even remotely possible these days in America?  The air is practically laden with fat...)  Dukan bans vegetables - you just eat meat!!!  Somebody call PETA!!  How can you stomach all that oat bran?!?  Artificial sweetners are poison (as if sugar - itself a manufactured sweetener consumed in entirely artificial quantities - wasn't equally if not even more dangerous).    OH MY GAWD!!    Yes folks, Dr. Dukan's diet has finally hit America, and the nutrition police - you know, the same clowns who are largely responsible for America's obesity epidemic by promoting dangerous high carbohydrate diets for the past three decades - are having another spaz attack.  You probably recall their last spaz attack, don't you, when Dr. Atkins starting having well-documented success with his high-fat, high-protein diet.  That destroyed most of the credibility of the nutrition police.    Well, Dr. Dukan has arrived to finish them off for good.  Not only does his diet emphasize meat, it emphasizes lean meat, going one step beyond Atkins in restricting fat as well as carbohydrates.  Probably not a bad idea, since protein will keep you sated longer than fat and if you're already fat your body obviously has ample access to your own warehouse full of fat and doesn't need to get any from your diet (lean meats and fish contain quite a bit of fat, anyhow - you aren't gonna die).     You also aren't gonna die from eating \\"too much\\" protein, since the \\"pure protein\\" phase of the diet lasts for no more than two weeks (and most folks do far less than that).  If 300 million Americans can survive for decades on a diet that's 20% refined sugar, plus transfats, simple starches, saturated fat, gobs of sodium and enough preservatives to embalm the population of China a dozen times over, two weeks of chicken breasts, salmon and nonfat yogurt aren't going to harm you.     After the induction phase, you add lots of non-starchy vegetables back to your diet, first on alternate days while you're actively losing weight, then on most days as you go on to stabilize your weight, eventually bringing back the bread, potatoes, pasta and other carbs in sensible quantities.    He also throws in a handful of clever tricks to enhance your weight loss, like recommending you eat a couple of tablespoons of oat bran a day.  No, not a feedbag full, as some of Dukan's idiot detractors have insisted online.  Two.  Freaking.  Tablespoons.  I think you can manage this.  Most Americans eat two tablespoons of refined sugar with every meal...     Dukan points out early on the fact you're overweight means you probably have some issues with food, and you're gonna need to eat a little differently than most of the skinny folks around you as a result.  Acknowledging the problem is the first step toward addressing it - Dukan's book isn't just about nutrition, it's also about psychology, and the interplay of the two.    So how does the diet work?  Well, I've lost 15 pounds in six weeks, out of 205, and I haven't exactly followed the diet faithfully.  It's not that the diet is especially difficult to follow, it's just that I have a teeny kitchen, a super-stressful job and sleep apnea on top of it all.  So I don't have the time or energy to cook as much as I'd like, or as fancy as I'd like.  Which means I tend to eat out a lot, and that's hell on any diet.  Still, even compromised, the Dukan diet is highly effective, and you get better at following it with each passing week as you discover more and more recipes that work for you (and figure out how to order stuff that works in restaurants).    If I can do this, anybody can do this.  The first week was easily the toughest, as I went thru what amounts to drug withdrawal.  Now I feel sorry for crackheads.  But once I got past that my energy levels went up and my weight went down.  You will have setbacks - I gain a little some days and once stalled for an entire week - but just hang inthere and the weight will start falling off again.    I will never go back to eating the way I ate before, though.  No way.  Fortunately, I feel like I've got a lot of new weapons in my dietary arsenal - new foods and food combinations and techniques I can utilize to feel satisfied without loading up on empty carbs and unnecessary fat.  Which I'm sure is part of the goal of the diet, to alter permanently the kind and combinations of food people who are overweight eat.  Mission accomplished!
B00014NE62|5.0|A classic period piece, pitting the stifling conformity of English society in the early 20th Century with the irresistible power of the love which Oscar Wide said \\"dare not speak its name\\".  Struggles with class, sexuality, tradition and manners all create a story with real humanity and depth. A must-see for gay men, and their families and friends ... AND conservative politicians who would try to tell gay people how they should conduct their private lives.  A very satisfying story convincingly and luminously told.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I join in with those who say that they're just asking for remastered copies of the original versions that were offered prior to the 1990s, when all sorts of changes were made.     Other filmmakers have taken their classic movies and restored them and offered them on DVD. Even if they made extended cuts, director cuts, or special cuts, they all included the earlier versions as well, giving customers that option.    Is King George going to offer up the originals in remastered form ONLY when his stock starts dropping? Then I hope people truly wise up and stop forking over money for movies they already have on DVD. I, for one, refuse to buy these new offerings.
0240810961|5.0|Wow, a 2 volume set of Walt Stanchfield's teachings in the Disney animation classes. Focal Press does it again. I just wish it was in hardback for the ages. Love it.
B004Q1FDHO|4.0|I have to be in airplane mode when I play because (for some reason) when I receive a text it causes the game to freeze up. Otherwise, this game is fun...Samsung Fascinate
B004KSQN7C|5.0|This is a great album!! Love it from beginning to end.    This is by far her best work! So produced and mature.    Congrats Britney!
B002NZK5TG|5.0|The DVD was not expensive and it arrived in a very timely manner.  The packaging was good and I would definitely but again from seller.
B004IQMXD4|5.0|I'm head over heels with glee that Stevie Nicks is back with a new record.  It took a decade, but it's well worth the wait!!      For those die hard Stevie fans, this album is a must own.  Out of all of her previous records \\"Bella Donna\\" and \\"Other Side of the Mirror\\" are often tied as my favorites.  \\"Trouble in Shangri-La\\" was very satisfying, but \\"In Your Dreams\\" really blew me away!     I have to say that hands-down \\"Moonlight (A Vampire's Dream)\\" is my favorite track.  I always loved the \\"Lady From the Mountain\\" demo and think she really nailed this song!  Also, \\"Secret Love\\" is up there too.  Songs like \\"Everybody Loves You\\", \\"In Your Dreams\\", and most of all \\"Ghosts Are Gone\\" really prove that this songstress never lost her touch.  \\"Soldier's Angel\\" is amazing and channels the \\"Rumors\\" sound so well.  Of course, it helps that Mr. Buckingham adds his talents to the track.  \\"Italian Summer\\" is just gorgeous.  \\"New Orleans\\" and \\"Annabel Lee\\" are fantasies come to life.  And not to neglect the other songs; \\"For What It's Worth\\", \\"Wide Sargasso Sea\\", \\"You May Be The One\\", and \\"Cheaper Than Free\\" fit perfectly with all the other songs. This whole album just reminds me of exactly why Stevie Nicks is the Queen of Rock.     I've been a fan of Ms. Nicks since I was a baby bouncing along to the rhythm of \\"Rhiannon\\"; though it wasn't until I was a teenager that I put a name and a face together with the music that I loved. I just can't get enough of this record!  Stevie really did an amazing job on this collection.  I hope that she finally receives all the accolades and rewards she deserves with this release!  Grammy for Album of the Year, anyone?!     Don't pass on this album.  It's worth every penny!
B001AGXEAG|5.0|DVD arrived in a very timely manner, packaging was good, and they were inexpensive.  I would definitely buy from this seller again.
B004G6009K|5.0|I bought the movie for two reasons.  One I have grandkids and two I was told by several friends that it was a cute movie and well done.  Having purchased a 3D TV I've been trying to purchase 3D movies to watch on it.  I also travel a lot and I take a DVD player with me to watch movies on flights.  This package deal is a great value because not only do you get the Blu-Ray 3D copy it comes with a Blue-Ray, DVD and digital copy so I have all my bases covered.  For me buying all my movies in these combo packs are economical and gives me the formats I need and use.  Plus the movie is really well done and worth watching.
B0036TGSR6|4.0|Say what you want and need about his personal life, we're going to miss Roman Polansky when he's gone. What other directors working today can make something as slow and sneaky as this film, one that winds and wends until it delivers a powerful, brutal and scary ending? The plot of GHOST WRITER is classic Polansky. Lead character is introduced and it is obvious he is ill-equipped to deal with what rapidly comes to be recognized by the audience (and soon him) as a dire and life threatening situation. Pulled into a mysterious and dangerous world, a Polansky lead can only do one of two things - live or die. As scary as this film can be - I think it's as good FRANTIC, personally, but not as good as ROSEMARY'S BABY or CHINATOWN - this film is also very slow. And it is also very gray - VERY gray. But as this plot unwinds, you find yourself feeling deep, complex emotions that few films these days can conjure in a viewer. Olivia Williams is formidable throughout. Terrific acting all around - my god, even Jim Belushi is believable in this little gem!    Great film for anyone looking to see what a master is capable of.
B002RKSV2U|4.0|Hands down one of the most influential, controversial, and profound book to be written probably since the bible. The Research done by Charles Darwin in the mid-nineteenth century was astounding. And here recounts his findings as he builds the first case for the theory of evolution. The idea that we have evolved slowly over an extremely long period of time from single celled organisms to primates to Neanderthals to the species of Homo sapiens we see today.    At its core it reads a lot like a textbook and I am not surprised with what has been hailed as a great work, thanks to the number of pages Charles Darwin wrote, (nearly 500) on a fairly new subject that it gets and deserves the credit. I liked the book for the shear fact that a lot of modern science and theories are based off his findings. Without this book who knows where we would be in human development over the last one hundred and fifty years? If you are not okay with spending time with a book of such density in terms of material than steer clear. But if you want to really see the origins of modern science and have a new view on a creation theory pick up the book.   This is the type of book that deserves a seat in any library. It is tool and tome for some. Its influence has stood the test of time is something we are going to reference for a long tome to come. But if you are not so interested in science and have only heard of the book don't waste your time. If you can plow through the scientific jargon and writings of someone from the eighteen hundreds then by all means buy a copy and see what all the talk has been about for the least century and a half!
B003Y5HWGI|5.0|This season by far, IMO, is one of the best seasons of Desperate Housewives. All of the stories from season one that were left unanswered or stayed hidden all this time comes to light in this wild season. (Hint: Andrew hitting Carlos' mother with a car) All secrets burried come back with serious consequences. As many know Paul Young returned as this season main antagonist, but this also brings out the return of the Martha Huber's creepy sister who had faked her death in the second season finale, Felicia Tilman. Vanessa Williams and Brian Austin Green joined the cast was just icing on the cake. This is a must see season for any Desperate Housewives fan that couldn't see the past episodes of the season on tv (ratings have dropped due to poor scheduling by ABC and many fans have missed new episodes). I don't understand how some people are saying this was a week season?! The finale was one of the best of the series!!! It was so intense! I'm happy the ladies will be back for season 8 and I can't wait to add this season to my Desperate Housewives Collection!!!
B0009HAHD4|4.0|As with most other D5000 owners, I am very jealous of the latest iteration, the new D5100. Among being better a better camera in every single way, the eyecup on the D5100 was far superior. I ordered and the DK-20 and popped it on my D5000 and it slid on like a charm. While there are eyecups that will shield all periphery light, the DK-20 will mildly attempt to do that. In my opinion it is still better than the DK-24.
B002G1YPH0|1.0|I know most of you do not get out your ruler to verify if the cooler will fit your case. It is a pretty resonable assumption that it fits the most popular size case, but it does not.
B0042KZJR8|5.0|I'm really enjoying my Michael Buble CD. I listen to it when I'm in my car all the time. The shipping was great and here in no time at all. I would give this a 5 star rating!
B001LF347E|5.0|I just started watching this show, i love stories of swords actions and horses none of the stories of aliens or some high tech movies with those robots that is taking over the world so as i was flipping through the channel on tv i came across this show and off the bat this is my kind of show I love it.  I dont know the actors so they are new to me but they are more awesome than i can imagine.  I love how these actors are played out in this tv series, not too much of acting nor little but it makes me put myself into the story line.  It shows the bond between to friends and their strength and weakness and like all friends (in males) there is so much pride there but in all there is love shown and how merlin and arther become the best of friends later in life.  This is a story line of how arther and merlin came to be and how there friendship can over come anything.  without the other its in complete.  Also though in this show, arthur may seem like a jerk at times, it shows how big his heart is towards his people and what made him a great king.  This is a must watch =)
B003ZJ0ZX0|2.0|Im not a fan really. I just bought this cd because my mother in-law passed away recently and would always sing the Amazing to my daughter everyday when she would babysit. Amazing song for that reason.
B004Q1FDHO|2.0|This is really fun to play, but everytime I start it I cringe. That is because I know when I am done with my gaming session, I am going to need to pull the battery. Fix the issuse that are obviously wrong, and this would be a solid 4 star game. Samsung Epic 4G
0446604844|3.0|This was the first Baldacci novel I've read.  There was just too many \\"yeah, right\\" moments in the book.  One day Sidney is a sweet, insecure lawyer; the next she's pistol-whipping bad guys.  Almost 700 pages long, but it easily could have been condensed into 500.  But I really liked the characters Sawyer and Gamble.  Hopefully Sawyer will return in a Baldacci novel.
B004D5H2M2|5.0|In typical TD fashion, this \\"box set\\" (they don't come in boxes anymore...) is remastered and expanded.  Well done and a welcomed addition to my TD library!
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Wakes u up gradually. Easy math problem and music gradually gets louder. No more startling and racing heart in the mornings.
B0006Z2KX4|2.0|I found this movie's characters and plot too implausible and irritating to enjoy or find humor in this movie.   I find it implausible that:   1)At first glance Hepburn's character decided she wanted this guy and thus decided to ruin his life with her ridiculous tricks.  2) He would be so gullible and/or weak as to continue to give in to her demands.  3) He could even possibly fall in love with someone so selfish, controlling and manipulative.  While I suppose these types and personalities do exist, what it boils down to is that personally, I can't stomach these types of characters and don't find deception and selfishness funny, nor the gullibility or willingness to submit to such a person entertaining.
0321344758|5.0|Absolutely everyone should read this book. The internet would be a far better place. I am a professional web designer and parts of it were still eye opening.    But even my mother, who is not a designer of any kind, enjoyed reading it for fun and came away with a new appreciation for good design (and the need for common sense on the internet!)
B002VWNIAY|5.0|I was very pleased with the movies I ordered.  Top notch service and I certainly would recommend this vendor.  Fast delivery.
B004AKCME8|1.0|This movie is just weird and boring.I didn't like the plot either.The only good thing about this movie was the scenery and the special effects but that's not enough to make a movie good.Maybe if I've read the books I would've liked this movie or maybe if I was a child I would have liked this movie but I doubt it.I couldn't even finish the last half hour,it was so bad.I'm glad I checked this dvd out from my local library and didn't spend any money on it but unfortunatly the time I wasted on watching this movie I can't get back.Avoid at all costs!
0439023513|1.0|This book was absolutely disgusting.  I felt like I was being preached to about the horrors of war.  Instead of the excitement that I felt reading the first two I came away feeling like a victim.  I read to try to escape the atrocities from the news only to have it portrayed in my choice of leisure.  I want my money and my time back.  I would strongly suggest skipping this book!!  If I wanted to read about the ins and outs of torture and the horrors of war I would read actual accounts, not take some sick journey into the author's mind.  The first two were fantastic -- this was crap!  I have no idea how they are going to ever make this book into a film, which in many ways says why bother starting with the hunger games?
B0034G4OUO|2.0|Dissapointed in this movie.I was expecting it to be way better since I like most of Dwayne Johnson's movies.Unfortunatly this is one of his worst.The movie was boring and I didn't like Dwayne's character.I guess it's not his fault but I do hope he get's better scripts in the future and get back to playing more likeable characters.The only good thing about this movie was the cool car.Only for hard core Dwayne Johnson fans.
0375826726|5.0|This book is excellent and explains Eragon's past. It also talks about his father's inheritance. In this book, Eragon must make decisions that may have consequences in the war against Galbatorix and his black dragon Shruikan. In my opinion, this book is a lot better than both Eragon and Eldest.
B0047Y17P2|5.0|The Fifth Witness is a well-crafted thriller with Connelly's usual deft characterization and believable dialogue. It kept me guessing until the end about the innocence of Haller's client.<br /><br />Although I understand the anger with the higher Kindle prices, I don't think it's fair to penalize the author with undeserved one-star reviews, and it's unethical to \\"review\\" a book you haven't read. The most effective protest is not to buy the book until the price goes down.
0316098337|5.0|This books is an excellent book to read if you are in a book club.  We discussed this book for more than an hour and a half which is very unusual for our book club meetings. It was so compelling. The story is written through the voice of the young boy. Many of the people in our book club had a difficult time reading it and kept having to put it down and then had to pick it back up again immediately.I couldn't put it down and had to finish it in a day and a half. I would recommend this book to anyone to read.
B004DMIIUU|5.0|The graphics are outstanding in this movie. We loved the story line and how it developed. The English dubbing is just great, they did a great job so you can enjoy the visual experience of this movie. It has some light comedy to make you laugh and tragedy to make you pause and action to keep you watching it nonstop.    Definitely glad to have this one in our collection. There's nothing else I can add that others haven't already, but we enjoyed it so much I just had to take the time to give it the 5 stars it so richly deserves.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|this alarm is great. I have never had fail once. I love the fade in feature and the Max volume settings.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|The English dubbing is pretty good. It has some nice twist and turns that keep you waiting for what's next even when it slows down. It was a nice change of pace for a vampire movie. I don't like knowing and predicting what's coming next, I liked to be surprised. This was nice, not too gruesome, and a nice twist on a vampire storyline.
B003UYUP58|4.0|I agree with most of the other reviewers in saying that this is an ambitious and fascinating trip throught the history of medicine's encounters with cancer, the doctors, scientists, patients and others who have pieced together what we know about the causes, structure, and therapies and how those were developed.      The one thing I missed was having good illustrations, especially for some of the molecules, proteins, and oncogenes that were described.  I would have liked to have seen, at least schematically, as well as read about so many of the discoveries.  I am a biologist turned poet and artist and \\"show me\\" has been a byword in all three fields.      I was also frustrated by having the Kindle version, so that the illustrations that were included were all at the back of the book, with no way to even know they were there til you read to the end.  The only way I could find to access them was through the table of contents.   No matter how I clicked on underlined portions, asterisks or other marks, none of them took me to an illustration.  This was extremely frustrating.  The ililustrations, not just the footnotes/endnotes should be synched with the text.    Even when I finally accessed the photos,  I was disappointed that there weren't the biological illustrations I wanted, though I appreciated the photos and the drawing of the mastectomy of the young girl.      Perhaps the editors were afraid it would be too much like a textbook, but I think the audience that is reading this book is probably used to reading at least Scientific American, and would be appreciative of the extra depth. As wonderful as this book is, I would suggest that for the next edition, more scientific illustrations be included.      With that one frustration, I found the book impossible to put down.  Thank you so much for this gift.
B0034G4OXQ|3.0|could've been a better movie. pretty boring. this was a disappointment, a basic evening's entertainment and if you're not careful, you'll fall asleep.
0316067598|5.0|Just picked up the book yesterday and finished it last night. It was a great read, but most importantly, it was a truly fitting tribute to some true American heroes and their families. Well done, Marcus Luttrell.<br /><br />In looking at reviews before buying the book, I noted that some reviewers were disgruntled by some of his comments about \\"libs\\" and the liberal media, and how that destroyed their enjoyment of the book. After reading the book, all I can say to them is \\"buck up, little campers\\". Seriously, you thought that was a diatribe? That was nothing. Literally. It was, total, about one page of a 400 page book--maybe 2 at the most. Yes, he resented an attitude of second guessing from the media, but his main point was that they were in an impossible situation, and all of their alternatives were terrible.<br /><br />I can only surmise that libs are just so unused to being disagreed with in the media, that they just can't \\"take it\\". Any non-lib deals with 100x more disagreement and mocking than this book every time they tune into a prime time drama on television. Some shows have \\"lawyers\\" giving Democratic campaign speeches on the evils of non-liberalism on the floor of a courtroom as some supposed closing argument, yet you libs seriously thought that Mr. Luttrell's book was bad?<br /><br />Welcome to the world that the rest of us live in, libs, where our beliefs are disagreed with and questioned in print (oh, the horror!). The funniest thing for me? I am a registered independent moderate, who doesn't think libs are anti-christ, and I am still laughing at how pathetically fragile these reviewer's sensibilities are.<br /><br />Apparently, a whole lot of you need to go through BUD/s. Now, off to buy \\"The Warrior Elite\\".
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Everything I could say about this someone else already has.  The series is some of the most beautiful video I have ever seen shot. An absolute pleasure to watch.
0783225857|5.0|I first saw this movie in the 7th grade as an assignment and absolutely fell in love with it. Then in the 10th grade, we were assigned to read the book and watch the movie and it was love all over again. It's simplistic, beautiful, thought provoking, and heart changing (if you let it). Even now, as an adult, this movie still resonates with me. I highly recommend this movie as well as the book.
B004N44SOI|2.0|I've been waiting on this album for months now after the great work by Sixx on the Heroin Diaries, now let me start by saying this is not a bad album but it is NOT a hard rock album which is what I expected after Heroin Diaries. Actually james Michael sounds to me a lot like Rick Springfield, with that said, Springfield's latest Venus in Overdrive is much more of a rocker than this one if you can believe that. So this review is of course just my $.02 and again after 3 listens I am very disappointed. 2 out of 5 from me.
B0040YFR1Y|3.0|For all the fans of the Predator series this one may disappoint.  I liked the action, but this movie literally copies part one with Schwarzenegger.  First off the story is entirely in the forest as a rag tag group of various people (criminals, soldiers, and doctors) try to figure out what they're doing in some random forest together, and knowing most of the lines from part one, Adrian Brody copies lines and for some reason he copies a lot of what Schwarzengger does at the end of part one (you need to see part one if you haven't).  This is probably a script/director mess up so I don't fault Brody.      Another poor part of Predators is that it doesn't take the series anywhere.  So from a pure sci-fi action film, its good, but you won't get anything out of it as far as watching all three movies from the Predator series because it doesn't give us anything \\"new\\" (Not counting Aliens v. Predator series).
B002NXSRX4|1.0|This is a terrible movie. There is nothing about it worth watching, especially the shaky camera works. It's almost like watching a video game; stupid.
0307279189|5.0|loved the book, and bought more copies for some of my running friends, one friend was able to run a race with the tribe some years ago, he loved the book also. was a great gift.
0345528581|5.0|I've been using M.Lauren book for my home workout for the past few months and I'm super pleased with the result!! It's simple, easy to follow, detailed and the 30 min work out a day fits perfectly in my spare time!!! Awesome!!! Recommended!!
B001VL536I|5.0|I love this episode.    It shows what it would be like if Clark really did let the world know who he really was, and fortunately the government and some people didn't trust him since he was not from the planet.     the next thing i love about this episode is that lois finally finds out clark was the blur. which i've been waiting for a very long time for this to happen. This episode is perfect and it makes it even better that clark had to go back in time to prevent it knowing the people was not ready for him yet. It's an excellent show and episode and i hope to see more dynamic episodes like this in the future.
B000001EHS|5.0|I bought the cd bcz Def Leppard was not available on iTunes. Prefer CDs anyways. But in this day and age mp3s as u know is the \\"in.\\" Def Leppard was not available on iTunes my guess is bcz they are simply TOO GOOD to be on such a easily accessed network. Anyways seriously get this cd.
0439023521|4.0|This book is definitely well written. It walks a fine line in the form of pacing, exposition, characterization and action in general. One is absorbed into it after two or three pages due to the POV and narrative voice. I give it 4 star because of the disturbing premise of the book and how it is a little dark for the target audience. Rooting for the protagonist to kill another child is something I am not sure we would like the children to be doing.
006097625X|3.0|McCloud gives a decent analysis of his views on the medium of Comics. It is an engrossing enough read with an emphasis more on a comparsion to other art forms rather than going indepth into Comics themselves. The fundamental undertaking that the book seems to be doing is this justification of Comics as a valid medium, comparable to other forms like painting or literature. This is the main reason the book feels forced and filled with more personal conjecture than actual analysis. In his almost pleading requests to convince us of the merits of Comics against the world of expression he seems more interested in convincing himself of this belief than in taking pride in the medium. I assumed from the outset that a thorough treatment of the history of comics would be given, that is from the early twentieth century onward. I also imagined there to be a heavy focus on style and composition. Instead, ancient artwork and the formation of language was called to task in support of McClouds need for serious validation of Comics themselves as a legitimate art. Psychological and 'personal' motives behind comics were given a great deal of pages, and while I expect this of a good thesis, their relation to the whole of comics were elementary at best. There was a great deal of insights into the form that I found interesting and fresh, but many of these seemed highly open to interpretation and at times, whatever arguments McCloud appeared to be making stopped abruptly before he even approached a coherent causality.  In addition, much of the chapters seem to be unnecessary and only serve as 'padding' as mentioned by other reviewers.<br /><br />Ultimately, I found perhaps ten to twenty percent of the material here to be useful analysis, which is what I was looking for. The rest was perhipial and anectodal at best. Still, I admire the attempt and feel that more material on the subject should be undertaken.
B00003CXRM|5.0|Every time I watch this, I find myself chuckling a little more.  It's absurd... and yet not at all.  It's beautifully stylized.  Fantastic music (be sure to buy the soundtrack- trust me!).  The characters are wonderful and inexplicable in so many ways.  Just a really astonishingly great movie.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I just want the \\"ORIGINAL THEATRICAL RELEASES\\" of episodes IV-VI on either DVD or Blu-ray (I don't care which, I just want a copy that isn't VHS).
0064409422|4.0|I grew up on this series and it was what first introduced me to fantasy books, and started a long long love affair with the genre.  I've started reading them to my 9 year old daughter to see if I could spark the same love in her and she and I are both really enjoying them.  Certainly fairly simplistic in so many ways, but still a memorable and captivating story... still a little weird and creepy...and still so very magical.  Amazing stuff.
030746363X|4.0|This book comes right at you commando-style so get ready. Ferris is a crazy person for all the things he has put himself through but he gathered statistics and that data holds up. I am following some things from this book (hell, this is a huge reference book) and I'm committing to it. His writing style is direct but conversational. Definitely worth the read.
0553386794|5.0|This book (and almost every book in the series) are simply the best fantasy books I have ever read.  I had almost lost hope that I would find another good author before I stumbled upon this.  If you enjoy fantasy, you need to read this series and read it now.  I could go on for ages, but I'm sure I won't say anything that anyone else hasn't already said 3,000 times.  It's amazing.  Read it.
1599218011|2.0|This book is a rehash of other health experts that support vegetarianism. If you keep up on things this book has nothing else to offer. The style is \\"chick-lit\\" and probably appeals to a young demographic. I sympathize with the author's personal story but not enough with this book.
B0042RUMH8|1.0|I have been a fan of Jennifer Lopez since late 1998 when I started 7th grade, and I feel another musical artist I grew up listening to is now on the \\"Sellout\\" bus like everyone else that I grew up listening to (Like Usher,Dr.Dre,Eminem,even Snoop Dogg etc...). I only purchased On The Floor because it's a great song to work out to, and Pitbull isn't too bad (Except he made a terrible song with T-Pain who is equally as annoying and untalented as Lil' Wayne).I don't understand why Techno, House or whatever that garbage is called is becoming a huge craze again, it's the most God awful genre of music man ever invented. I have lots of respect for Jennifer Lopez as she represents the Latino Community in a positive manner and for the success she's had as an actress/fly girl/singer as well. I support my fellow Latina's (Except Christina Skanklera, who will never be considered Latina in my eyes) for doing what they're doing. But J.Lo please go back to making good musica like you used to when I was a young teenage girl!!!!!!!!! Screw fitting into with stupid,untalented,horrible,wannabe,trash like Nicki Minaj, Lil' Wayne,Christina Aguilera, Justin Timberlake, Rick Ross, Baby, Plies, Neyo, Justin Beiber,Gucci Mane,Wacka Flocka Flames,Soulja Boy, Keri Hilson, and so on and so forth! STOP!!!!! This is a fan you just might lose due to your new music not being on top, chica! (I'll still support you in other things like acting,your perfume line, etc...BUT NOT YOUR MUSICA IF YOU STAY ON THIS ROUTE!!!) I swear if anyone comments that I'm a hater you need to go check yourself,seriously.
0060936223|5.0|Once I started this book, I could not put it down.  Patti Smith is  a great writer.  The book was written in such a clear, precise way and it was so touching.  I had no idea that Patti was as straight as she was.  Her relationship with Maplethorpe was so complex yet she never doubted him and seemed to love him unconditionally.  It was sweet the way she described how they enjoyed going hungry and wanted to live an \\"artist's life\\" fully.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|I just purchased the Mono Box last night. I had heard it on my friend's iPod but having the actual CD's in a good home stereo makes all the difference. I prefer the Mono mixes over the stereo mixes especially 'Revolver', 'Sgt. Pepper' and 'THE Beatles'. Tho Mono Masters is right up there too. WOW...I could go on and on.........It should be 10 stars for packaging and sound.
0671015206|2.0|This book seems to be getting marketed to people with an interest in being or becoming wealthy.  Unfortunately, it is not clear how it would be of use to this group (to which I belonged at the time of reading).<br /><br />It is written by marketers, originally commissioned to study millionaires for the purposes of marketing to them.  Reading it from the desire to learn how to succeed at being or becoming wealthy is, in my opinion, like trying to learn how to succeed at being or becoming a lion from a lion hunter.  (You just might get the opposite of what you wanted, there.)<br /><br />That opinion aside, the conclusions drawn from the authors' investigations suffer from an array of logical fallacies.  Just as an example, the authors found that the children of millionaires often misrepresented how much support they received from their parents.  On the other hand, much of the book is spent discussing how the large proportion of self-made millionaires succeeded in prodigious wealth accumulation (refer to \\"survivorship bias\\" on that).  Unfortunately, the authors fail to establish that this large proportion of millionaires are not misrepresenting how much they are (or were) helped by their parents. Tragically, this foundation is the basis for many subsequent conclusions.  So, which one is it:  can you, or can't you, believe what people say about how much help they get from their parents?<br /><br />It seems that, on the whole, establishing logical foundations is not as relevant to the authors' aim as is giving folks an appreciation for magnificent specimens of wealth accumulation.<br /><br />From a marketing perspective, from what I understand, this is a one-of-a-kind piece.  It it lost on me how this book would help anyone, in any way, to be or become a millionaire.  If you are a financial planner trying to market yourself to millionaires, maybe this book is just what you need.  To learn how to become a millionaire, do not start here-- unless you think it serves you, before you do anything else, to indulge those who would prey upon you when you get there.e, to indulge those who would prey upon you when you get there.
B003UESJ9M|5.0|I love this movie. It has music, drama, love, and sadness.  It is a great movie.  I love watching it.  It needs to be a part of your movie collection even if you don't like country music.
B004SEVPWQ|4.0|This is a very solid pool game. There are many different types of games available. I especially like the different table types.  The graphics are smooth on my Droid X and the game mechanics are simple enough to pick up and play.
0545128285|5.0|I'm not much of a Harry Potter fan, but I will admit that these stories are entertaining, and the commentary written by Dumbledore is a good gentle introduction to the Harry Potter books.  If your child has never read any of the series, they can still read this book and understand it.  Short little read, 107 pages, 5 little stories.  Just as applicable for Muggles as for Magical people.
B0036EH3WU|1.0|The final season was a waste. After the finale you'll be scratching your headed wondering why you wasted so many hours of your life with this series.
B000P0TZK6|5.0|I always expect to be entertained by Johnny Depp, an excellent chameleon actor who can be sexy, scary, silly, sinister...okay, I'm a fan. However, this movie is one of his best! Put him together with a Stephen King novel under the direction of David Koepp and an excellent supporting cast, and the result is mesmerizing. This movie brings out compassion, laughter and ultimately suspense. Don't want to give away the plot, but this is a must-see and one to add to your Depp collection. You will not be disappointed.
B0019LY5IM|1.0|The final season was a waste. After the finale you'll be scratching your headed wondering why you wasted so many hours of your life with this series.
0440178002|4.0|Just finished this book a few days ago.  I wanted to digest it completely before commenting.  Overall it is a superb book.  Character development is a good as it gets.  Descriptive narative is fantastic, painting vidid pictures in your mind as you read.  Plot moves along with twists and turns.  However, what left me disappointed was the ending.  After having invested a thousand plus pages of reading I was hoping for more.  The author must've realized that he had gone on too long with the overall build up and decided to cut short the impending battle.  Disappointing to say the least, but was glad to finally have conquered this book.  Dive into this story with gusto but be warned you might feel slighted in the end.
B0036EH3X4|1.0|The final season was a waste. After the finale you'll be scratching your headed wondering why you wasted so many hours of your life with this series.
B0034G4OVS|5.0|This movie is flat out scary.  Similar to \\"Open Water\\", in it's no nonsense delivery, this will give you a constant uneasy feeling throughout it's only 90 minute running time.  This is not corny horror by any stretch.  Everything that happens appears somewhat believable, and you are forced to imagine yourself in a similar predicament.  If you enjoy Disney happy endings with sunshine and lollypops, this is not for you.  If you enjoy gritty, realistic, brutal nature...this is a must watch.
B0002IQAMW|2.0|I recently discovered my DVD player was capable of playing the SACD format. I first purchased Steely Dan on SACD and was astounded.  Unfortunately, Eat A Peach left me feeling like I bought just the pit.  Assuming you are buying this for the SACD sound, skip it.
0385528752|5.0|This book is very interesting to read and beneficial because it provides relevant examples that gives you a more concrete and in-depth understanding of the concept. Using concepts like The Rider and The Elephant makes things very easy to comprehend and thus making it easy for you to implement these changes.
0316098329|3.0|I had to read this book for a book club, and wish that it was available in our library system because this is one to borrow rather than own.    It's an interesting twist to have the story told from Jack's perspective, HOWEVER, it makes for clunky reading.  The story doesn't flow nicely because of Jack's manner of speaking.  He's little, so he's constantly interrupting, even though there are times when the reader knows Jack would have heard a particular phrase before and would have already known what it meant, so there was no need to interrupt a character's dialogue just to remind the audience again about the age of the narrator.    Telling the story from Ma's perspective wouldn't have made it a unique tale, though, so I get why the author chose Jack, but the book just gave me a headache.    Clunky writing aside, the escape doesn't seem plausible to me, and seems rushed.  The ending of the book feels rushed, as well.  We are supposed to feel a sense of closure for the characters, but the entire matter of how the book ends rang hollow for me.
0307887960|2.0|First let me say that if you strictly stick to this diet, you will loose or should loose weight. I barely made it through the attack phase. This diet made me personally feel sick. I followed it precisely eat only chicken, lean meats, and baked fish while consuming lots of water. By the third day, the cravings for all the once loved foods were intense. I felt dizzy, and easily became short of breath doing normal activities (e.g. washing car, going up stairs, etc) and I never had that problem even at my heaviest; I could still run laps with all the others, okay just a bit slower. Anyway, this diet made me feel terrible and I decided it was not for me. I did not feel like spending months eating only meats and a few veggies that most normal overweight people have never seen before. I believe the other reviewers who speak of a personalized, well-balanced nutritional intake, plus moderate exercise and taking baby steps to better eating (not so much soda, meals sized down, better overall choice) is more appropriate. Our bodies are very complex and so is the way we process nutrients. I believe balance is better than all of this but none of that programs.<br />Another tip, before you purchase this book, if you just want to know the actual what to eat when to eat and how long, it can be found on the internet very easily. Congrats to those who had this program work for them but as for me, I'm off to eat a well deserved Gyro!
B00402FGE4|5.0|As many have complained, the first half of the first season of SGU is marred by some draggy soap-opera-like moments. But don't let that put you off. And don't be put off by the dumb-and-fun reputation of the earlier Stargate incarnations. Overall, this show delivers cracking good writing, brilliant acting, and awesome visual effects. It's some of the smartest and classiest sci-fi ever to appear on the big or small screen. You probably missed this show on TV, but don't deny yourself the pleasure of viewing it on DVD. If you love quality programs, the only regret you'll have is that this excellent show was cancelled after season 2. A shame and a crime.
B00003CXXJ|4.0|Quite pleased in the amount of time it took to get to me, although it wasn't in a bubble wrapped envelope. Not sure how I feel about that.. Overall, happy! minor superficial scratches
B000002TP7|5.0|I thought this album definitely represented the Beastie Boys at their finest. It was quite the eclectic mix of bass, turntablism and lyrical genius. It's amazing how the Beastie Boys have been able to keep their following over such a long period of time. Nowadays I find that most artists change their style significantly to conform to what's 'cool' these days, especially in the realm of hip hop and pop. The Beastie Boys keep that classic funk sampling from the early 90's that will always be associated with Beastie style. This album was great, the vinyl is even better for mixin it up at parties, or just for fun. Mix Master Mike tears it up as usual. I recommend turning up the bass when you play this album.  My favorite track was Get it Together, Ft. Q-tip. As an avid listener of classic hip hop, this song really sticks to the original goals and sounds of hip hop. Great for easy listening walking through the streets or cruisin down the highway.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|This is the first time ordering with goHasting, I will definitely do it again. All DVD's either had minor superficial scratches or nothing at all. Pleased that it came earlier than anticipated PLUS it was in a bubble wrapped envelop! They will definitely continue to have my orders in the future!
B0042EJD8A|5.0|This is a wonderful documentary. It starts on a very personal level, when Josh Fox starts researching whether to lease his land to a natural gas company near his house in the country.  It is a true road trip movie, in that as Josh travels to communities that have had major gas driling, aka hydo-fracking, and meets with the people whose lives were devastated by the effects, he learns the truth and becomes the point person who gets the water samples tested as proof. The famous visual is when home owners set the water running from their faucets on fire, because of the gas and pollutants that are now coursing through the local water and wells.  Everyone should see this documentary, whether on a DVD or sometimes free screenings. Utilizing our natural gas deposits might have looked like a solution and alternative to importing oil, but after seeing how the chemicals mixed with the water for drilling  destroys the environment, anyone can realize the absurdity and devastating outcome of this option. We really need to focus on solar, wind, and geothermal energies.
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|There is no point pontificating on the miracle that is this book.  Just know that she is amazing, the book is amazing, her humor is genius, and I love her.  An example quote:<br />\\"I developed breasts so weird and high, it's possible they were above my collarbone. At that point, wearing a bra was not so much about holding the breasts up, as clarifying that they were not a goiter.\\"<br />Yes.  Just, yes.
076115678X|1.0|If your hair is type 3c/4 anything its a waste of money. Nothing you can learn in this book you can't learn on a forum or by googling or even youtube. If you need some recipes for your hair or need to know what your cg regimen should and shouldn't have then its good for that but still you could find the info on your own.
B000V5TV22|5.0|This is a very easy to use USB GPS device.  It shows up as a perfectly ordinary serial port, speaking the standard NMEA protocol, so it seems to work with all the GPS software I've tried.    It locks on pretty quickly, within a few seconds if you can see most of the sky.  Reception indoors is spotty, but works reasonably well in urban areas.  It's lightweight, seems to be reliable, and seems to be about the same accuracy as my other GPS.    In Linux, it shows up as /dev/ttyUSB0, and seems to be automatically recognized by gpsd.  You can also just dump NMEA GPS data with these commands:    stty 4800 < /dev/ttyUSB0     cat /dev/ttyUSB0
B001AQR3MQ|4.0|Wonderful movie, but there's plenty out there on that and the DVD reviews cover that just fine.    Image quality is for the most part a substantial upgrade over the DVD, especially for the impressionist painting sequences, where you can really see the brush strokes and a just incredible level of detail. There are some later scenes which aren't quite as good, especially the flashback sequences with the son, but they were like that on the DVD. The parts that the PQ matters for are gorgeous. If you loved the look of this movie you WILL want this Blu Ray.    Didn't really notice improvements in the sound. It's still a 5.1 soundtrack, no better no worse as far as I could tell from a single viewing.    The alternate ending (the one from the Richard Matheson story the movie is a pretty dammed faithful adaptation of) is 16x9 in a 4x3 ratio box. So it takes up about a quarter of the screen. Granted was not very good video quality to begin with, but still an odd choice. You'd think it wouldn't have been that difficult to just set it to a full 16x9. But the PQ of it wouldn't have been any better.    The major special features are still there    Director's commentary  Making of Featurette  Visual Effects  Trailers    It doesn't seem to include the low res picts of some of the paintings that were included on the DVD, given the paucity of blu ray drive equipped computers, it's not much of a loss. I'm pretty sure a single frame capture from the blu ray would be higher rez.
0739368435|5.0|From the audio book CD version - Unabridged.  Readers:  Dewidan, Landor, Lee, and Mills<br /><br />There might not be a better version of this story than the one that is told by: Susan Dewidan, Roselyn Landor, John Lee and Juliet Mills.  It is not often that I will recommend an audio book over the hard copy, but in this case I am making an exception.  I could not read the book to myself in any manner that would enhance this version of the telling of Guernsey Literary Society.<br /><br />The Channel Islands were overrun by the Germans early in WWII as the Germans were attempting to make a bid for the British Isles.  They re-enforced the hills overlooking the beaches with slave labor that had been captured from Europe.  The Germans nearly starved the population that remained on the island of Guernsey by confiscating their animals, and farm produce.  It was a difficult time and by using letters from the survivors to a caring and empathic author from London, Shaffer and Barrows unfold a fascinating story of survival, hardship, friendship and how the pivotal \\"book\\" saved their sanity.<br /><br />Mixed in is a beautifully told romance and existing friendships that pull the reader into the story and at the same time deepen the characters a little at a time.  I keep reading to find this type of story.  While there is quite a bit of romantic \\"chick lit\\" especially near the end, I thoroughly enjoyed this story.  I don't know if I would give the book a 5 star rating, but this audio book version will be rated as a 5 star - it is that good.
B004TP6O8O|4.0|I bought this a minute ago when it came out but I finally got to listen to it. I really don't see what everybody was complaining about. Yes his mixtapes especially Kush & OJ go a little harder than this. But to be honest its like a mixture of Flight school forward to Cabin Fever. For a commercial release this is not bad. Everybody kept tell me its sucks when it came out but I didn't listen and got it anyways. Same old Wiz spitting the same knowledge while rolling them paper planes. I heard some say this may appeal to the women more than the men which may be true, like Cabin Fever was for guys and this was for the girls. But for me I like it!
B0001932ZA|5.0|I am a huge Arnold Schwarzenegger/action movie fan. I own almost all of his movies. Without being Arnold biased, this is a great movie. A very good story with lots of action. I highly recommend. Classic!
0765348276|4.0|Too short. Yep. I wanted this novel to keep on going. Hmmm. Guess I'll have to read The Ghost Brigades.    About the only disappointing feature of the book: they never adequately explain why the Earth doesn't get to share all the great tech that the colonies have developed...it's a good literary device, because it allows the protagonist and the reader to simultaneously discover some of this tech together...but it wouldn't have taken too much trouble to cook up a good reason WHY Earth is kept in the dark by her colonies of the future. Oh, and Scalzi doesn't seem to understand the principal of tethers (for space-elevators). Finally, here and there, the tech seems pretty uneven - like the Star Trek series that had a marvelous teleportation device, but still had to rely on the ships landing parties to manually aim their hand-weapons. I don't care. I liked Star Trek and I like this book.    Someone else called this a breezy, Heinlein-esque novel. I'd amend that to GOOD Heinlein...'cause Heinlein wrote some duds along the way.
0800177975|5.0|I am a huge Arnold Schwarzenegger/action movie fan. I own almost all of his movies. Without being Arnold biased, this is a great movie. A very good story with lots of action. I highly recommend. Classic!
B003UESJH4|5.0|The King's Speech provides an interesting glimpse into a private experience:  the overcoming of an overwhelming, debilitating stutter.  King George IV, who rallied the British during what many consider their finest hour(WWII), had stammmered since childhood.  He could barely talk to intimates, let alone give speeches to crowds of people.  We often overlook the childhoods of royals, replacing their realities with our imaginings.  Bertie, as the future king was called, emerges as a brave, tormented hero, kind to his own children. fortunate in his marriage, afraid of his father, dismayed at the public weaknesses of his brother, and afraid--oh, ever so fearful--that if he responds to the kingly duties which history thrusts upon him, he shall--because of his disability--fail his people.<br /><br />Three heroes emerge to hack their way through this quagmire into victory:  Bertie, himself; his unlikely, unorthodox, uncertified, failed actor of a Speech Therapist; and his lovely, supportive, young Scottish wife.  Theirs is a trio to watch and also from whom we can learn.<br /><br />A well-acted, carefully produced and directed movie--I rated it five stars.  And I rarely rate anything with five stars!
B000244EMO|5.0|I am a huge Arnold Schwarzenegger/action movie fan. I own almost all of his movies. Without being Arnold biased, this is a great movie. A very good story with lots of action. I highly recommend. Classic!
B003UESJFQ|4.0|MADE IN DAGENHAM is a 'dramatized documentary'  in that it is a recreation of a 1968 incident that occurred in Dagenham, a suburb of London.  It was the time of Stonewall and the antiwar protests in America and so perhaps too few people appreciated the importance of this rebellion - a strike of equal rights, equal pay, and a statement against sexual discrimination at the Ford car factory. The employed women of the town were the ones responsible for creating the upholstery for the cars, but when one Rita O'Grady (Sally Hawkins) took on the inequalities  she manage to become the spokeswoman for the female workers and the revolt was successful in settling a longterm problem.<br /><br />The cast of this quiet little powerhouse of a movie includes the brilliance of Miranda Richardson, Bob Hoskins, Rosamund Pike, Rupert Graves, Andrea Riseborough,  Jaime Winstone and many others.  The screenplay was written by William Ivory and the understated and subtle direction is by Nigel Cole.  This is a brilliant little movie that packs a wallop.  Grady Harp, May 11
B000MKXEME|5.0|This is one of my favorite zombie movies. Very different compared to most zombie movies. I highly recommend to any zombie fan.
B00003CXRM|5.0|This movie is one of my favorite movies ever. I laugh out loud no matter how many times I see it. George Clooney reminded me of Clark Gable at times. The whole cast was excellent. I enjoyed the special features on the making of the movie. I love the soundtrack too.
B0006A9FKA|5.0|An incredible zombie movie. I'm sure many years from now, it will be looked upon as a classic. I highly recommend to any zombie fan.
1932100660|1.0|Not happy with this book.  Saying it's merely misleading is being kind.  Bad statistical analysis.  Sorry I wasted my time on it.
B0001611DI|5.0|One of the best zombie movies of all time and definitely one of my favorites. I highly recommend to any zombie fan.
B004LL1HM4|5.0|It's refreshing to hear a great follow up album that doesn't disappoint like so many other new releases this year (dredg, explosions in the sky, etc.)  This album makes you want to crack open a dark beer and sit by a fire. A+
B003PTP4S6|5.0|When one considers it, the life work of Ennio Morricone must surely be one of, if not \\"the\\", most compelling collections of cinematic magic-making. One can listen to his music with eyes closed and see the movie unfold. He understands possibly better than anyone how the triangle of image, music and watcher combine into the possibility of a phenomenal experience.    Yo-Yo Ma brings his mastery and the needed sensitivity to this wonderful collection of arrangements of music from a few of Morricone's films. One might call it: \\"The Morricone Suite\\" as the shortened melodies are combined into one flowing 55 minute piece.    There is music for the logical brain, and then there is music such as this.    It's a wonderful score to accompany a relaxed, possibly romantic -- possibly as one nods-off -- hour of one's day.
1608191664|2.0|After reading this book I'm very surprised at the 4 and 5 Star reviews given here. Chang's polemic is hardly \\"an excellent introduction to economics\\" or an \\"excellent data-based perspective.\\" Chang seems most intent on setting up a strawman in \\"free market ideology\\" in order to tear it down in support of some fuzzy, weakly supported notion of institutional political economy. In so doing he uses highly selective cases to make biased assertions. All free market economists concede there are market failures and a need for rules and some regulation. But what of institutional and political failures? Chang fails to give balanced consideration to the most egregious government failures that have resulted from bureaucratic centralization and market regulation: The Soviet Union? China? Cuba? Or more recently across Europe and several American states? On balance, free markets have a much better track record. And let's not trot out the recent financial crisis, which was as much a political disaster as a market one. Remember Barney Frank rolling the dice on subsidized sub-prime mortgages? Markets are disciplined by failure and the real problem here is that market players were saved from failing by the wrong policies. Greenspan, ostensibly a free market ideologue, was in fact the Number One institutional policymaker who failed big time.<br /><br />Chang also neglects to explicate those necessary trade-offs in economics that would help lay readers understand the complexities that policymakers must grapple with in choosing how to manage both markets and institutions. This would have given the reader a more honest assessment of economic orthodoxy.<br /><br />Chang's critique is correct, or partly correct, on some of those 23 Things, such as market outcomes and inequality, and the faulty assumptions of neoclassical equilibrium models. Another good point he makes is the lack of knowledge among macro-economists about the mechanics of financial markets and the over-sized role of finance. But overall, by the end of the book it becomes fairly obvious that Chang has written this polemic to appeal to a populist political ideology that is antagonistic to markets associated with Anglo-American capitalism, even while conceding that markets are pretty much all we have to efficiently allocate resources. Of what use is that? Perhaps it was suggested as a better marketing angle by his publisher after Bad Samaritans?  I will read, or skim, Bad Samaritans for professional reasons, but I don't have high expectations.<br /><br />If your faith allows you to believe in some fuzzy \\"Third Way\\" between capitalism and socialism where benevolent bureaucrats make all the right decisions, then you may find this polemic affirming. But if you really wish to investigate a critique of capitalism without throwing the baby out with the bathwater I would suggest Saving Capitalism from the Capitalists by Rajan and Zingales. That is a 5 star economics book.y the end of the book it becomes fairly obvious that Chang has written this polemic to appeal to a populist political ideology that is antagonistic to markets associated with Anglo-American capitalism, even while conceding that markets are pretty much all we have to efficiently allocate resources. Of what use is that? Perhaps it was suggested as a better marketing angle by his publisher after Bad Samaritans?  I will read, or skim, Bad Samaritans for professional reasons, but I don't have high expectations.    If your faith allows you to believe in some fuzzy \\"Third Way\\" between capitalism and socialism where benevolent bureaucrats make all the right decisions, then you may find this polemic affirming. But if you really wish to investigate a critique of capitalism without throwing the baby out with the bathwater I would suggest Saving Capitalism from the Capitalists by Rajan and Zingales. That is a 5 star economics book.
B004UC1WN8|2.0|Bought the CD yesterday expecting an evolution from the previous album.. what a disapppointment! This CD could have been released back in the 90's and it would've been great. Throughout the CD, my mind was going like, \\"90's! 90's!..\\" On The Floor is by far the best track of that album..
0316069353|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this fourth outing with Mickey Haller and, at first, I was astonished at the high number of one-star reviews on Amazon.  On closer scrutiny, though, I do understand.  We Michael Connelly readers have, for most of our time with him, been treated to incomparable police procedurals that featured the enigmatic Harry Bosch and the conflicted Terry McCaleb. These procedurals are pure, good, and noir.  And along comes Haller. The Mickey Haller books are stuffed with courtroom procedures, rules, and nuances.  And I get that people who loved the wide-open police dramas would feel claustrophobic in the presence of so much closed-door strategy and subtle courtroom maneuvering.  The disappointment is palpable in those reviews. And truly, I don't think that any book can please everyone. But I liked this one on so many levels.<br /><br />First, you can just feel how tired Haller is getting with the hand-to-mouth existence of a defense attorney in the recession drought. The fallback strategy of taking on foreclosure fights was beautifully explained and certainly served as an eye-opener to me. But along comes a case that temporarily galvanizes him. Lisa Trammel, one of his foreclosure clients, is accused of murdering the banker in charge of her delinquent loan. The development of her defense was interesting to me, even as I decided that I would have probably slapped her silly within minutes of meeting her. Look in the dictionary under \\"neurotic\\" and you will find a picture of Lisa Trammel.<br /><br />This book has the expected ups and downs as the preparation progresses to trial and the trial plays out in the expected twists and turns. But it never lost me. I really don't know much about criminal court and I was fascinated with the whole package.<br /><br />So there you go...I understand the bad reviews - but this isn't one of them.
B004SS0884|5.0|Great feel-good CD, ideal CD to listen to to put you in a good mood and lots of upbeat tracks (that's what Britney's the best at). My favorite songs are Till The World Ends, Beautiful, and Criminal.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|When I saw the previews for Let Me In, I figured it was a cheesy vampire story where instead of love-crushed teens, we'd have a slightly younger generation, probably going on Freddy-like killing sprees.  Needless to say, I wasn't interested.  But when it was the only new movie on the shelf I hadn't seen, I figured it was worth a shot.    It might be one of my favorite movies of all time.      Let Me In is a horror movie for people who don't really like horror movies.  Sure, there's vampires, serial killers, downright evil bullies, and a hefty body count, but the movie isn't really about that.  It's about a relationship forged between a skinny little boy who's constantly tormented, and a young girl who is cast out from the world and unable to interact with it due to her vampirism.  The majority of the violence is not typically shown on screen, but the bloody clothes and walls probably make this too intense for some, but those people are truly missing out.      The acting is phenomenal, and the director does a marvelous job of integrating all the many fantastic elements of the story to create an atmosphere that is dark and brooding, but still the perfect place for two children to form a bond of friendship.  You couldn't ask for a better vampire movie, or for a better movie in general.
B004MNVKVO|5.0|For anyone that isn't familiar with Rush's MOVING PICTURES, it is a seminal album in both the band's career and in hard rock/progressive rock in general. Every song is exceptional and the original 1981 sound was impeccable. I previously owned the 1997 remastered version of this album and it was, as were all of the Rush remasters, a great sounding cd sans the limitations of a recording captured in 1981. That is 30 years ago folks! Even back then the quality of the sound on vinyl was extraordinary. There was something about the production of this album that gave it a very unique sound that made me instantly fall in love with this band. They were never as consistent and concise on any album before or since. It's art-rock at its best.     This new version, although a very slight improvement over the '97 remaster, does offer an audible difference on the cd. The Blue-ray 5.1 mix however, is superb. It's like hearing the album for the first time. You can turn up the dts mix to the hilt and get no distortion but still retain all the punch and dynamic range of the fabulous original recording. Even using the speakers on my plasma TV, I could hear a BIG difference from the '97 version. The extra videos are dated but it's fun to watch the band members playing in the studio in their prime. Vital Signs was especially cool to watch with it's 80's video effects. The sound quality is worth every penny. Other than that, there is really no other extras to buy this set for. There are some liner notes that aren't especially surprising or revealing. There are pictures that are cool for the nostalgic value but not anything to write home about. There is also some added art from original cover artist Hugh Syme. (Who also guest starred playing synths on the track WITCH HUNT for the 1981 recording)    If new to Rush, by all means start here and get this version of the album for the sound. I look forward to more releases in the deluxe format.
B0042MEQVG|2.0|I bought a used DVD, I was somewhat disappointed the DVD would only play up to a certain point and then stop.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|when will the may levels be out for thls? do you have to do an update or they havnt been released yet?
0061537969|5.0|I was searching for a \\"happy\\" book & was leary that this would be another story where something bad happened to my most favorite pet.  The author had a cool twist at the end of the story.  It was uplifting and just what I needed!   I even bought a second book for a friend when she was struggling with life in general.  Awesome...I would definitely recommend it.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This workout kicks my butt!  I am halfway through level 2 right now and have lost 3 pounds.  It is a super hard, fast workout that raises your endorphin level so you feel fantastic after (like a runner's high). BUT it is hard to do everyday.  I joined a challenge on a message board that is doing 30 day shred so I am held accountable.  I do not think I would keep this up daily on my own. But I can see results and it works.  You just gotta keep up with it.
B004I4H8PO|1.0|10 stars for the music 0 for the package     I received it this morning, it was sealed, i opened it and i discovered:   - 2 cd (in concert) were missing   - the remaining 3 had dropped and were loose in the box, and they were full of scratches of course   - the badge \\"derek is eric\\" was broken, completely crushed   - the book had a big crease on the cover     I don't understand why \\"UNIVERSALS\\" box are packaged in a such rough way, given the high price!!! (actually the who live at leeds 40th anniversary was similar)     I'm going to return it to amazon of course and wait for a new one to replace it, even if amazon doesn't have any fault!
B003UESJH4|5.0|Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter turn in virtually flawless performances in this virtually flawless film which has a shot at making the Top 100 of All Time.<br /><br />Firth plays King George VI, nee the Duke of York, familiarly known as \\"Bertie\\" to his family, who reigned over the Great British Empire from 1937 to 1951. As the second son of King George V and Queen Mary (she for whom the ocean liner was named), Bertie was \\"the reluctant King,\\" who came to the throne after his brother David (King Edward VIII, nee the Prince of Wales, subsequently the Duke of Windsor) abdicated the British throne to marry \\"the woman he loved\\" the twice-divorced Wallis Simpson with whom he had been carrying on a dalliance for years. Mrs. Simpson continued affairs even while she dated the King, most infamously with Joachim Von Ribbentrop, one of Hitler's intimates, who sent her a fresh bouquet daily for years.<br /><br />King Edward VIII was a clubman, a gambler, a womanizer and a moral and intellectual lightweight who was remarkable for his vacuous conversation, his patronizing racial and religious attitudes, and his opinion of Hitler as \\"not such a bad chap.\\" In short, he was the wrong King at the wrong time, that being the prewar 1930s. With the world mired in Depression and being ruled by racialist dictators, it is an open question how he, as moral leader of Britain, would have responded to World War II. History tells us that the imperious and remote George V wanted Bertie to ascend the throne in lieu of David in any case.<br /><br />Bertie, who was \\"prone to tears\\" as a sensitive child, was raised at a distance from his parents (quite common in those generations), was a left-hander forced to be a \\"rightie,\\" was put into uncomfortable braces for being \\"knock-kneed,\\" was subjected to ongoing physical and emotional neglect by his Governesses, and was teased by his siblings and peers for his stammer, which worsened as the years progressed. His father, unkind though well-meaning, berated him for his speech impediment and forced him to speak publicly, a humiliating experience.<br /><br />In 1926 Bertie made the acquaintance of Lionel Logue, an unorthodox speech therapist who helped George VI become a great public speaker. Logue also became a close friend for the rest of the King's life, and aided him in making most of his public addresses.<br /><br />Most of THE KING'S SPEECH focuses on Bertie's unexpected ascension of the throne and his duty to lead the British Empire in time of war using his words alone. In many ways George VI was unlucky; though media was coming into its own, in his reign particularly every speech was live, with recording and editing techniques that were exceptionally primitive. Given the era, a stuttering King would have been seen by most of his billion subjects as weak. And George VI faced a crisis in World War II that no British monarch has faced before or since. Thus, Logue's task was a herculean one.<br /><br />Rush plays the Australian Logue brilliantly, eschewing a \\"Crocodile Dundee\\" accent for a caustic irreverence. Though this sometimes enrages the King, Logue speaks to him man to man not man to monarch, gaining his trust. He becomes the King's true brother. Their relationship, serious and comic by turns, makes this a \\"Buddy Film\\" nonpareil.<br /><br />Firth is spectacular as the King. He never misses a beat, despite the difficulty of invoking a stutter where one is not present. He also shows us a kind, gentle, occasionally truculent, and altogether human King George VI, a man deeply in love with his wife and daughters (one the present Queen, Elizabeth II), dedicated to his nation, pained by his brother's lack of responsibility, agonizing over assuming a role he never wanted, and terrified of failing his subjects.<br /><br />Helena Bonham Carter plays Queen Consort Elizabeth (the Queen Mother) as a warm iron hand in a velvet glove. Elizabeth has no pretensions at all; she simply loves her family, andembodies the old adage that \\"Behind Every Great Man There Stands a Woman,\\" never failing to support and wisely counsel her husband, even when she takes him to task at one point for being unduly rude to Logue. \\"You apologize,\\" she calmly advises, when he asks her what to do. She dries his tears. She stands by her man in the best way imaginable. Of everyone he knows, only she intimately feels the loneliness he knows in being the King-Emperor.<br /><br />This is a film well worth seeing, and seeing many times, with the kind of depth that ensures its status as a true classic.Stands a Woman,\\" never failing to support and wisely counsel her husband, even when she takes him to task at one point for being unduly rude to Logue. \\"You apologize,\\" she calmly advises, when he asks her what to do. She dries his tears. She stands by her man in the best way imaginable. Of everyone he knows, only she intimately feels the loneliness he knows in being the King-Emperor.    This is a film well worth seeing, and seeing many times, with the kind of depth that ensures its status as a true classic.
B004I4H8QS|5.0|disappointed with the super deluxe edition that I've returned to Amazon two times(you can read my review), I decided to buy this simple deluxe edition, I must say that in this case, my opinion changed completely, because the packaging is perfect and cd have no scratches or traces of glue;   about the music I must say that the first CD was remastered perfectly, the CD sounds much better than the other released in the mid-90s (and not comparable to the twentieth anniversary edition, as in that case the record was remixed);   the second CD, contains an acoustic version of \\"Mean Old World\\" played only by eric duane, the single \\"roll it over/tell the thruth\\", 4 songs played at the Johnny Cash show (I particularly liked matchbox) and the 5 songs that should have been finish on the second album never completed (actually had already appeared on the Crossroads box set but in this edition they really sound better)     the only thing I regret is having to give up the DVD that contained the 5.1 mix since it was included only in the super deluxe edition, but I'm sure that UNIVERSAL sooner or later will find a way to sell it individually     highly recommended (this issue!);-)
B000JIHP88|5.0|I am a first time father for my 1 month old. Whenever my daughter begins to cry for whatever reason I tend to get up and hold her while the misses says leave her. While I am holding her and walking around, she always seems fixated with the dresser with all the pictures deodorants and other usual stuff you put on top a dresser. So I thought to myself why not get something that she can get to look at while in her crib ... boom, found this mobile.<br /><br />The moment we turned it on she began to laugh and smile being amazed at it. Even now as my wife is walking around she is laying there looking and smiling at it. I cant help but to look and smile at her feeling a deep sense of happiness. I felt something in my heart this morning, maybe its an extreme feeling of \\"wow, my daughter actually loves this gift I bought her.\\"<br /><br />I am very grateful for this.
1401323820|3.0|First off, I am more of a sci-fi fantasy reader.  I've like Nathan Fillion as an actor since first watched Firefly.  So, thought I'd check out the castle series-I absolutely love the TV series. I was excited about buying this book, but soon found there is really nothing new in this book that you have not seen in the series.  This book is what Castle writes from the research he gets from series.  So, alot of the material is from the series with just a different spin out it.  Good book in general, I was just hoping for a little more.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|Talk about a preachy book.  Everyone's a sinner!  Don't get this app unless you are ready for an earful of Taliban level restrictions. on your life.
0375507256|5.0|Want to think deeply about how it all hangs together? It will reward your efforts. Want to marvel at all the literary devices and post-modern touches? You will. Want just an exhilarating reading experience? You won't be disappointed. You can enjoy this book in so many ways--it deserves all of the raves.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I have been really hoping that Amazon one day would fix this....The ability to review something when its not even available!!     And to J. Bongiorno....and other Star Wars junkies....calm the hell down!! Is it really necessary to leave a novel long review showing us how much of a geek/nerd/spaz/dork you really are? Wow George Lucas is doing something to squeeze more $$$ out of the franchise...now THATS a surprise! Thats never ever happened before right??? The ONLY constant in the universe is change, sometimes we like it, sometimes we don't...but we learn to live with it and move on. DEAL WITH IT PEOPLE ...its just some movies that are 100% fictitious!! Move on already!
B00004TVG7|3.0|This is indeed a weird and \\"creative\\" recreation with lots of imaginative, sometimes absurd background sounds not properly historic. The Greek they speak is naive, and amateurish. We lost that original music because of a lack of music notation, which is a terrible loss. The Oxyrhynchus Papyrus melody may be the best of the selections.
B004G600A4|5.0|I bought this for my girlfriend (we are in college but still loves Disney movies) and it came very quickly!  I have not seen a Disney movie in a long time and I was presently surprised! Any little girl (and I'm sure boys too) would enjoy this.
B004Q1FDHO|1.0|Too many lockups on my Droid X. I am likely going to have to uninstall if they don't issue a fix soon.
B004UOCF3W|3.0|3.5 Stars   Let's stay grounded in reality. . . This is not Foo Fighters \\"best album ever\\"!!! They have set their own bar VERY high through many amazing albums and this one comes up a little short for me. I think ESP&G was better overall--even In Your Honor struck a more epic tone.   High points: first two tracks and the last track. Everything in between is of sufficient Foo quality, but nothing mind-blowing like the Pretender or Let it Die. My opinion, these guys peaked on their previous album.
B001R0KH3W|5.0|This was the best and clearest DVD that I have ever Watched. If you want to purchase a gift for someone that loves music, this is the one. The music (songs) were wonderful.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I compared prices for what seems like forever and was worried because this backpack is so cheap compared to others i looked at but because of the reviews i went for it and boy am i happy i did! You can completely gut it and situate the compartments however you wish. its amazing how much you can fit in this thing! I have it completely full which makes it pretty heavy but amazingly its still very comfortable to carry. i personally dont have any cons about this backpack.
B004SBQAL0|5.0|Great movie!  Fast paced, beautiful actors. ..if. not everyones type of movie it was wonderful entertainment.  I give it 5 stars...I wish I had seen It in the theater but because I listened to some of the negative reviews I missed out on the full impact. This is a must see.
0307472841|5.0|My husband has been reading and enjoying Henning Mankell's books for many years and this one was no exception.  The book was promptly delivered and well-packaged.
0316010669|5.0|What a fascinating book!  Each chapter was more interesting than the last.  It was great to learn that some organizations at least do learn from experience, such as some police departments starting to ban high speed chases because not only are they of course dangerous, but the excitement level of the cops when they catch the driver is so elevated that they are not able to accurately read the cues of the situation and assess the needed actions properly.    I also loved the section about the Facial Action Coding System and how among many other wonderful uses, \\"...it has even been put to use by computer animators at Pixar(Toy Story) and Dream Works(Shrek).\\"
B00133KFGW|5.0|I have been looking for the movie August Rush for several years now. I never thought to try Amazon as I believed for some reason the movie was not being released to the public. Every year I buy a movie cd for my very good friend for her birthday,and this year decided to try Amazon for the product I could not obtain anywhere.  To my surprise it was there and I ordered it. Two days later it arrived and I was delighted  it came in such a timely fashion.  From now on all my cd's will be purchased from Amazon.  Thankyou Amazon for helping me aquire something that I thought was unobtainable! You have a forever customer here.  Anne Virgilio
0439813786|5.0|The Lumiere Brothers were the first documentary filmmakers; George Melies was the first movie maker. While they filmed workers emerging from a factory he, who had been a magician, immediately saw the potential for film as a medium to create magical illusions. Melies also collected automata -- intriguing mechanical devices -- which were donated to a museum and later destroyed in a fire. Author Brian Selznick runs with that bitty fact and ... Enter Hugo Cabret, a boy who knows none of this and, through no fault of his own, now lives in the walls of a train station in Paris, maintaining the station's many important clocks. One night wandering Hugo comes upon the remains of a fire and finds a mechanical man, who seems to be trying to write something. As if all that isn't intriguing enough, Hugo becomes convinced the device wants to give him a last message from his father, who was attempting to repair it, and who perished in the fire.<br /><br />The illustrations are gorgeous. No stick figures here! These black and white pencil drawings are lush, detailed depictions that often propel the story, delightfully content-rich. I would estimate over half the pages are illustrations, and I'd imagine the most difficult part of the job for Selznick is knowing when to stop. Not so much stylized as framed beautifully, tending toward the naturalistic but with touches of Van Gogh, Dore, others. Will draw in even persnickety children AND will interest parents as well. Can't be read in one night, and shouldn't be.<br /><br />A nice clean font and smooth black-bordered paper make this 5 by 8\\" tome a pleasure to hold and read, and the story's slow revelations include secret identities, orphans, cruel gendarmes and the realization that one can visit this very train station-turned-museum today.<br /><br />A lovely delight for soulful children of all ages. Can't wait to read others by this author.
B00005JKJA|4.0|I initially gave this movie two stars after watching it only once. Now I have watched the movie three times and I finally have an appreciation for Lynch's directive style. Other reviewers here have given this movie a very thorough explanation and I am very appreciative for their contributions. Prior to reading them I was quite lost with everything.<br /><br />Once you get into this movie with the understanding of complex details then it's like enjoying an opera. However, it is like an opera that you've already seen once and now know what to expect. However, more details come through and you gain a deeper appreciation for it more and more with each viewing experience. It's fascinating that a director would go through so much effort to create a very complex film. But on the flip side it creates a bit of effort for the viewer. For instance, I had to read several reviews here to understand the basic premise of the movie. Then I watched it again two more times. So, in viewing this movie three times, reading and writing and rewriting my reviews I've spent more than ten hours on this movie.<br /><br />I'm not an airhead and I have a deep appreciate for art. I will typically see a movie with a friend or family member and then spend time over a meal talking about it afterward, going through the details, the possible hidden meanings behind scenes, etc. It's not like I'm impatient nor do I need to be spoon fed. It's just that this movie required effort. I don't typically associate being entertained with having to step into effort.
B004PGO25O|3.0|This short book can easily be read in one sitting. Pressfield wants to motivate his reader to \\"do the work\\" (what a surprise given the title, right?). The book aims to help anyone involved in a creative endeavor whether that be art or entrepreneurship. Much of this book recycles Pressfield's ideas from his earlier book, [[ASIN:0446691437 The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks and Win Your Inner Creative Battles]]. But here, Pressfield is trying to apply his ideas more broadly.<br /><br />At its best, this book is a quick pep talk to get you motivated when you hit a roadblock in your project. At its worst this book is a collection of disjointed self-help slogans. Some of Pressfield's one-liners are incredibly insightful, but others leave me rolling my eyes. Read this book with an open mind, and it will get you excited again about your own project. Don't go to this book to find any answers, because it doesn't have any. It's a pep talk, a motivational speech; it's to get you back in the game.<br /><br />Now, I downloaded this book on to my kindle for free, so it was well worth the price. I see that a print copy of this book currently costs $9.92. I think that is a little steep for what you get in this book. There's lots of white space and big fonts.
030746363X|2.0|After thoroughly reading the book and following the slow carb diet for 30 days, as explained in the book, there was no significantly loss of weight as claimed by author Timothy Ferris. I started the diet on April 4th, 2011. I followed the diet as explained in the book, I stopped exercising much as I wanted to see if you can really lose the weight without any form of exercise. the first week, I lost 3 lbs, my daughter who was following the same diet as me lost 2.2 lbs. On the first cheat day, we ate normal food carbs, chocolate, pizza and rice. Next day weigh in, I had gained 3.5 lbs, and my daughter gained 4.2 lbs, unbelieveable. As we continued the process we stuck to the same foods every day, I followed his recipies and did not deviate from the program, total weight loss after 30 days, drum roll please......zero weight loss for me, i am at the same weight I started and my daughter is 3 lbs heavier. Needless to say his claims are false. I had all my blood work done, no sugar, no thyroid problems, just pre-menopause, even so I should have lost some weight. I thought this diet was going to be it, but it did not live up to it's claims. I think, I will try Suzanne Summers, she probably knows more about weigh loss than Mr. Ferris, he should probably stick with what he probably knows best, Tango and sex therapy! Wish i could have the money back I paid for the book, but I don't see that happening. Thumbs down to the four hour Body, by Timothy Harris!
0060853972|3.0|I read this book with an open and hopeful mind, but was happy to be finished with it so I could move on to something else. It certainly did not live up to the hype. Did the book have some humorous moments? Absolutely. But they were diluted in the midst of heaping piles of overly 'witty' and not actually funny text. This is a case of authors that tried too hard to be oh so clever and funny, and shot themselves in the foot.
B002VECLVO|5.0|Tom Ford is an amazing and elegant fashion designer, he is impeccable in every design... when I heard about a film directed by him and with those 3 great actors... I wanted to check it out.  This film is very well done... Tom took a lot of care in every detail of the movie... is elegant, impeccable...beautifully directed. Great job Mr. Ford!
B002ZG99QS|4.0|I was very excited when I found out this movie was coming out, as I have nostalgic memories of the first Tron film.  After seeing this movie in the theatre and buying the DVD and original Tron film on DVD, I actually prefer this one by leaps and bounds.  Overall, I think the story, acting, film score, and visual elements are all better than the first Tron movie - and not just because of better computer graphics.  A lot of my friends have criticized this movie, saying it's not nearly as good as the original Tron, or the story wasn't good.  I'm not sure what anyone expected from a movie about people getting sucked into a computer.  I can't imagine the story or any other part of this movie being better than it is.  I think Disney did an amazing job with this.    You might be wondering after all my praise why I rated this 4 stars instead of 5.  The only reason is actually the DVD features.  I think they could have put more special features on the DVD for nerds like me who loved the movie and want to know more about how it was made.  I know there are Blu-Ray combo packs that have lots of other features, but I just felt like the DVD was lacking.  I am old school and sticking to DVD for now, but maybe someday I'll get a Blu-Ray player and get another version of this with more features.    Anyway, all in all, great movie for kids and adults alike.  I just wish I had some kids to watch this with and we could be nerds together!  :-)
B002RI9UBS|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  I know it is meant to work on a number of levels, but I enjoyed it just for the great story.  One of my all time favorites.
B004Q1FDHO|4.0|very addictive game only drawback, doesn't show the progress of the mission. also when you leave a area, you have to start all over with the mission.
B004SC7B6M|5.0|I'm always on the hunt for good new music. Most of the time I leave the hunt feeling disatisfied. I'm not too crazy about most of the sounds filling the airwaves these days... not to say it's all bad, but quality talented music that isn't aimed for teeny boppers is getting harder and harder to find- particularly here in the States. That said, I was most pleased to stumble upon this CD. I had heard of Within Temptation, but hadn't really listened to them before \\"The Unforgiving.\\"     However, after buying the CD I have not listened to anything else since. The more I listen to the CD, the more I love what I'm listening to. The blend of orchestra and rock music is absolutely mesmerizing. Each track is incredibly infectious and have a significant 80's influence to them. In fact, this is arguably the best concept album I've heard since \\"Operation: Mindcrime\\" by Queensryche which was released back in the 80's. (IMHO,\\"Operation: Mindcrime\\" is still the perrenial concept album to which all others are measured)    It should go without saying that the vocals on \\"The Unforgiving\\"  are beyond reproach: Sharon den Adel can hit notes most singers only wish they could, and deliver them with such emotion that your heart swells in your chest. The orchestra is not overpowering- in fact, some could argue that the orchestra is a bit downplayed. Actually, I think the orchestral downplaying really strengthens the emotional quality of the album- when the orchestra comes to the forefront, the impact is heavier.     After listening to some of their previous releases, \\"Unforgiving\\" is much more mainstream than their previous works, which I see has upset some die-hard fans. However, if you think of what this CD accomplishes, it's hard to be displeased: It's an amazing collection of songs that combine an 80's pop flare + classical music with rock / metal overtones- all which could be a top 40 hit on the radio. How many bands could pull this off without drowning in total cheese?    Finally, I really hesitate to call Within Tempatation a \\"metal\\" band: their subject matter is more \\"metal\\" than their actual sound, which is much more atmospheric and orchestral than most \\"doom/goth symphonic metal\\" bands I've heard.     Those who are looking for excellent new music but get turned off by the term \\"goth symphonic metal\\" should not be disuaded from listening to this CD. As stated above, The \\"Unforgiving\\" is a unique blend of 80's pop flare + classical music with rock / metal overtones- all which could be a top 40 hit on the radio. It's the best CD I've listened to in years. While all the tracks are great (which is a rarity in itself), the standout tracks on this Cd are:   \\"Faster\\" (their first hit single, and an excellent choice. A great head- bobbing, foot tapping track);     \\"Iron\\" (such a strong title would make you think this is a rocker, but it's a beautiful ballad),     \\"Where Is the Edge\\" (arguably the hardest rocking track on the CD along with \\"In the Middle of the Night.\\" I love the blend of orchestra and hard rock on this track);    \\"Sinead\\" (so different from any other track on the disc- makes me think of ABBA on steroids. Describing it sounds cheesy. Listening to it, however, is euphoric!)     \\"Lost\\" (another ballad with an excellent guitar solo and haunting lyrics; one of the best tracks on the disc)    \\"Stairway to the Skies\\" (the last track on the CD, and my absolute favorite. This song overwhelms me every time I hear it, and I can never listen to it just once. Reading some other reviews on here, I can tell I'm not alone with that sentiment: Stariway to the Skies is worth the price of the CD alone.     All in all, \\"The Unforgiving\\" is simply an amazing CD. Even if you don't typically like \\"goth metal\\" you should give this a try. Quality music like this doesn't come along every day.
B004UID2LC|5.0|Fabulous for a free app; would be willing to pay for it. Download any music from youtube to your phone as an mp3.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I love this app!  I use it all the time for various reminders and checklists - I've always got at least one on my home screen.  The only thing I wish is that more text could be put on a single widget - make the font smaller or something.  I'd also not complain if more color/shade options were added :)
B004Q1FDHO|3.0|I downloaded this when it was the free app of the day.  The game is more fun that I thought it would be.  It's definitely an enjoyable way to kill some time, but it does cause the Droid X (at least mine) to freeze up.  Most of the time it appears to be because I had a text or email incoming, but other times there doesn't appear to be any reason at all.  I have had to reset my phone more time since downloading the game than I have the entire time I have had the phone.  Other than that it's fun to meet the goals of the day although they do get a tad repetitive especially since it's the same fish and weapons all the time.  Given the repetition the game will probably only interest for a couple days at most before it becomes forgotten.
0307266303|5.0|I enjoyed reading the book and have started barefoot running training. It makes a huge difference on how your body works out, you can feel so from step one. The history provided on how we got the running shoe developed is insightful and removes a veil. Great and enjoyable read!  I highly recommend this book to all runners.     However, there is one chapter I did not agree with. The book presents evolution as proven  science, and it is not, it is only theory.  I have an electrical engineering degree and designed DSP (Digital Signal Processing) and microcontroller boards for some 15 years. I was involved in million dollar projects for many years.  I'm into management now. My wife has a degree in languages; she speaks, reads and writes six languages. We are both exercise addicts and runners. Because of our backgrounds we absolutely do not believe in evolution, but creation. I designed sophisticated electronics for many years. My wife says that language all by itself is a true gift that only humans posses such a highly developed skill. The human body and brain are without a doubt testimony to design. If there is a design and a product, then there is a designer and a manufacturer. Tell me about it!
0756404738|3.0|Denna has to be the weakest link in the story and at times it drags down the whole plot. It's almost like the author cannot make up his mind what to do with her, so he gives her unexplained disappearances time and time again, and then have her reappear whenever it is convenient. Without the Denna character, I would rate this book five stars because of the excellent subplots. But along with everything else about the main plot still untold, this \\"mysterious girl\\" act is dragged out too long.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|This headset is great for gaming. The sound is clear, it has enough Bass for explosions and the audio expander feature is awesome. My only complaint is that it's easy to mess up the sounds in the ear cups. This isn't through fault of mine, this is the fault of the manufacturer. I opened the volume control box to see if there was anything I could do to fix it, and I noticed a design flaw.    The wire that connects from the headset to the feature box was designed in a way that it could twist easily and damage the wires that connect to the circuit board. The wire that connects from the back of the box to the USB and the audio jack had a square piece which prevented it from twisting, unlike the front wire. This is a huge design flaw and resulted in the sound not coming through the left ear cup.    Don't get me wrong, this is a great headset, but this design flaw can easily be fatal to them.
0061726826|4.0|I am going to confess that I did not finish this book. There are 26 chapters. I read up until chapter 24 before I realized that things were going to go horribly wrong and that I was literally aching inside from the heart wrenching agony that came from reading what was happening. That was when I decided not to put myself through that anymore and so skimmed through the rest of it. Delirium is a fantastic book, but for all the wrong reasons:    The good? Lauren Oliver has a unique writing style in that she uses the most vivid sort of imagery. Her descriptive language is unparalleled (at least I think so) and there were metaphors that simply blew me away. Never in a million years would I have thought of something so creative, so lush with symbolism that you could practically taste it. I was beyond impressed by her ability to evoke such a powerful response from me- me who usually doesn't even care about a story's setting and focuses all on plot.    There were a handful of scenes throughout the book that were so strong that they literally left me breathless. There were emotions that I could relate to, feelings that were put into such elegant words that they captured the exact sort of consciousness someone experiences while going through those things. It was all depicted with absolute perfect clarity, to the point where it was heartbreaking if nothing else.    Lena (the story's narrator and protagonist) was someone I could sympathize with and although she was slightly frustrating at times, I kept myself in check, reminded myself that she had been raised in a completely different world than ours and came to grow fond of her. Alex (the other main character) was a more difficult character to like. I felt that throughout the majority of the book he was simply the good-looking guy who paid Lena some sort of attention. (And of course, she'd never even made eye contact with a boy prior to this.) Other than that, I didn't see any real reason for her to truly love him...UNTIL the last chapter. Alex proved all his worth at the very end and completely ripped me apart while doing so. Talk about leaving a lasting impression on the reader. I could not believe the plot twist and was upset (just on the surface because of what happened) but very impressed. I haven't read anything like that before and if there was any reason to love a guy...well, that was it. :P    The bad? The book did not have enough dialogue for me. I love dialogue. And while Lauren Oliver's descriptions are forever burned into my memory, I would've enjoyed more conversation between the characters. There were parts when each and every sentence was drawn out and described in such detail that reading became tedious and I just wanted her to get a move on already. Along with that, I wasn't happy with about the first 1/3 of the book. Possibly even 2/3. It seemed as though Oliver was going in two different directions, two different \\"main plot points\\" and I wasn't sure what she was trying to get at. This was a book that I purchased brand new in hardcover (which I NEVER do anymore because it's too expensive) because I fell in love with what was written on the back and simply HAD to read it right then and there. A good 2/3 of the book makes you wonder if what was written on the back is actually going to amount to anything or if something else is going to take center stage. Oliver did manage to tie things together at the end, and in retrospect, I can understand why she had to develop the other plot point so deeply, but still. Also, the entire concept which the book was centered around is not exactly a new one. I absolutely adore dystopian books and feel like I've read it all :P. This book focused on a different aspect but pretty much the same idea I've read in others. One other little thing that bothered me: the girl on the cover of the book is absolutely gorgeous. (If you own the hardcover copy, I'm talking about the girl on the cover, if you remove the jacket her entire face is shown.) I'massuming that's supposed to be Lena. Lena is a plain-Jane, not ugly, yet not pretty. The girl on the cover is obviously some sort of ridiculously pretty model. This bothered me. But it's not a big deal. :P It possibly bothered me as much as it did because I always take the jackets off while reading hardcovers and so I was met with her face each and every time I picked up the book :P.    So is this book worth your time? Yes. Hopefully you're stronger than me and can handle some heartache. Keep in mind this is by no means a \\"sad\\" book. People who avoid hurt/comfort books or angst books shouldn't be wary of this (I should know...I avoid those genres myself :P). The storytelling is superb, the plot is decent, the characters are likeable, and the best part of all? It's only the first book in the series. ;) Yes. Something else to keep in mind while reading it. Do not be like me who thought this was a stand-alone novel and entered a phase of acute depression after finishing it because I thought that was it. And then I discovered Pandemonium and Requiem and life was good again. :D One last thing: there wasn't enough romance. But I'm starting to think there will NEVER be enough romance for me in anything I read. :P Obscenely long story short: this book will stay with you long after you've read it.
0061906220|5.0|I am a children's librarian and I love this book! I read it to all of my children in storytime and it is one of my favorites!! You won't be sorry if you read this book! It has a good message and children love it!
B001HN694K|5.0|Although this is not a straight version of the Lewis Carroll Alice books, it utilizes the characters in a unique and colorful way that definitely makes you feel that you have experienced the frabjous world of Wonderland.
B004SEVPWQ|4.0|Fun And addictive. Well worth the price, this has quickly become my favorite game.  Hope to learn snooker from it.  A ++
0470449764|4.0|This book is good. I found a wrong answer though. Number 75, the answer should be E. The book has it marked as C. Just thought i would let all of you know
B004LUS390|5.0|One of my favorite apps!  Between this and picsay pro,  you can do any kind of manipulation / art.  Amazing app!
044654759X|5.0|This is a must read book!!! Once you begin reading you cannot put it down. It keeps your attention from the beginning. Not only is it a love story but has an element of danger as well. And surprises you with an unexpected ending. I didn't want the book to end. This is definitely one of my favorite books by Nicholas Sparks.
B004Q1FDHO|5.0|Great simple game that becomes really difficult the longer you play. Dig it!  Review too short so adding random words.
B00005JNX0|5.0|I loved this movie and have watched it more often than not without a child present.  The item arrived practically new in its packaging.  And it came so quickly.  I will definitely order from this vendor in the future.
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|I recently fell in love katy perry and her songs so i wanted to get both of her cds. it came pretty fast and the cd looks rele good!!! im rele happy i bought it!!! Very Happy with Purchase!!!!  ^_^
0316067938|5.0|This was the biggest of the four books, but it took me no time to get through it.  I can't wait for the next movie to be released.
075640407X|4.0|About halfway through the book. Most of the negatives rag on the protagonists supremacy... I think that is part of his character, learning to deal with his ability. With great power comes great current resistance squared. Also, several people mentioned Patrick can't write women... lol, who cares?     Needless to say, I read a lot. When I say a lot, I mean a lot a lot. I read about 2 nice sized books every three weeks. I read classics, I read trashy fantasy.    I love this book, I don't even know what its really called. I am not going to bore anyone with my self proclaimed literary analysis that most of these half wits use because they have read some Dickens at one point in time and actually liked it.    I am going to say this; I couldn't put it down, I thought about it in my free time. I fantasized myself into the story line, I was intrigued. I had a blast reading it and I am sure you will to.     Final note, don't ever read the negative comments before you finish a book. It leaves a bad taste in your mouth... however, it helps you realize that most of the people performing these literary analyses are not nearly as qualified as they would like to think!    Bill
0307387178|3.0|[[ASIN:0307387178 Into the Wild]]<br /><br />Into the Wild is a well written, well researched book, which makes for easy reading. However, despite attempts to pad the book with side stories of similar failed expeditions and include quotes from passages which Christopher McCandless had highlighted during his last days, the book was not particularly compelling .  This is the problem when writing about a single person which so little is known. There simply is not enough material to make it truly fascinating.<br /><br />I found my reaction a little surprising, because the story seems interesting at first glance. However, I constantly felt that Krakauer was faced with a tale which was limited in scope and lacked the kind of substance needed to fill an entire book. It was also at times difficult to thread the non linear timeline into a coherent whole, leaving the reader constantly hovering at the edge, rather than be pulled in and immersed.<br /><br />By the end I felt I was in the kind of dream one has when you have a high fever - lucid and clear, but dreadful, repetitive and slightly incoherent.<br /><br />Though I will not write off the story as a total waste of time, I believe it should have been left in its original state, as a fascinating true life tale, stumbled upon in an adventure magazine.
B000006NUW|5.0|I have been re discoverong my neglected box sets lately & this one did collect some dust due to the fact the oldies stations really beat this stuff into the ground & it was just too available. I have'nt tuned into radio with any regularity for some time now & playing this set made me fall in love all over again. I agree with previous comments as this set is not the definitive or last word on Motown. What is assembled here is the golden decade of \\"hits\\" in thier correct mono mixes. Essential is an understatement. I dont know of any other lable that launched as many \\"stars\\" than Motown never mind top 10 hits. All 4 discs are well assembled & paced. My only slight complaint would be the inclusion of lesser trax by Rare Earth who were a good group but I would have edited them out in favor of a more \\"signature\\" artist to keep the overall consistancy at 5 stars. But, that is a very minor complaint.....If you havent been too inundated with the oldies format do yourself a favor & just get it.
B0041KKYEM|2.0|After creating flawed but relate-able characters in \\"The Wrestler\\", what else could DA do but go right back to creating movies that make you hate all of humanity.  Seriously...the guy is a great director, and he seems like a jolly sort of fellow, so why does he have an inner need to keep kicking us in the crotch with his movies?  What did we ever do to him?    I didn't seriously begin to hate the movie until the last 30-45 minutes or so, when I realized there was no hope for anybody involved in this turkey.  When will NP start shining in a manner that earned her an AcAw for Best A-tress?  She never did.  All she did was channel the mannequin demeanor she displayed in Phantom Menace only this time, Mit Bailando!  Makes me wonder if Jake Lloyd had stuck it out if he wouldn't be the new Ed Norton by now.      Okay, so the idea seemed to be that since the same ballerina dances the white and black swans, what if that drove her all crazy and stuff and everything?  And to help justify it we'll make her uber-repressed and still living at home with a kookoolamanza obsessed madre - shades of Carrie.  Ooo, wouldn't that have been great if they'd had psychokinetic powers with a final battle and all.  But I digress.  There's your idea - now go make a movie outta it.    The \\"Problem\\", and it's a big one, is that we've seen descents into madness before and before and before.  It's not arty - it's not deep.  It's an excuse to go all K-razee and make the viewers doubt what is real and what is an ill-OOOOOOOO-shun.  BOOOORRRRRINGGGG!  So DA decides to regain the snob cred he might have endangered by telling a straight-forward story (aka The Wrestler) and just throw things that are supPOSED to be disturbing at you.  Trouble is, I actually wanted to see all these people stabbed in the face with nail files by that point.  If ONLY she had gotten around to severely damaging the French prickly then maybe I could add a star.      So there's pop and there's plop as the show goes on and backstage and forestage and on stage and yeah and yee and yo until at the end we are supposed to think that <SPOILER> she stabbed herself and didn't start bleeding until the end of the show</SPOILER> or that even that didn't happen MAYBE because it needs to be open to interpretation by those who enjoy such activity until you can digress into MAYBE she was never there at all and MAYBE she didn't exist and was just a projection of the mother's failed life and MAYBE even I don't exist because by the end of Black Swan I'm starting to wish I didn't.
B004YSDRC2|4.0|Great example of the Doctor's intellect triumphing over brute force and evil conquering aliens!  Lots of interesting twists to maintain the viewer on the edge of their seat.      I found the ending a bit un-Whovian, as the Doctor isn't normally one to ignore loose ends, especially when someone is in need.  That's the only reason this gets 4 stars versus 5.    Great season opener!  Can't wait to see more!
B00005JM02|5.0|By far one of my favorite Disney movies. My daughter loves the colors (she is 6 months old). And yes I know you are not supposed to let your baby watch TV, but if you need 15 minutes to get stuff done around the house, this will keep their attention. I also like that this movie is more wholesome than most of the stuff on network TV (*note, I skip the chapters with the sharks because I worry they might be too scary for baby ;).
B003ZSJ212|1.0|9 Blu-Ray discs and no original versions?  I'm saddened but not surprised.  The original movies that we all fell in love with no longer fit within George Lucas' ever-narrowing worldview, and thus are now deleted.    Solving this is simple: don't buy them.  We can all sit here and review until we're as blue as Papanoida, but as consumers our true voice is in our currency.    You like the new super hi-def edition despite the missing originals?  Great!  Go buy it.    If not?  Stop feeding the Hutt.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I just want a choice like everybody else. Wont get my money without an original cut. After all the hundreds of dollars I have spent on Star Wars Memorabilia over the past 20 years its like a slap in the face. I just know if people made me billions and set my family up for generations to come I would be humble enough to give the fans something so simple as to an original cut.
0439023483|3.0|The good things about this book:  it's a fast read and keeps you interested.  The problem: Within the first 50 pages, I found myself thinking \\"I've read this book before.\\"  I've read it in \\"The Lottery\\" by Shirley Jackson.  I've read it in _My Side of the Mountain_ by Jean Craighead George.  I've read it in _The Long Walk_ by Stephen King.  And in _The Handmaid's Tale_ by Margaret Atwood.  All the elements of this book seem to be borrowed (which is fine as long as the author has something new to add).  I didn't find anything new in this book.  Also, explanations about the background and rationale of the \\"Capitol\\" are vague and there seems to be no platform for a good critical analysis.  Not for the sophisticated reader, BUT very good for an entertaining read.
B003UESJ9M|5.0|Great movie, even though it made  me cry. Good story line, great cast, I would recommend it to everyone.
0670022411|2.0|It's true: perhaps reading a bit before buying this book on my Kindle would have saved me a few bucks and hours of my life reading it to the end. If I had read Ms. Harkness' \\"reason\\" for writing the novel, i.e. \\"what do vampires do for a living?\\", the absurdity of such a thought and thinking how THAT would be the inspiration for a novel about vampires and witches etc, that might have led to further reading and to having her be compared to Anne Rice (Really?!) and best of all, I would have found out the darn thing was a \\"designer trilogy\\". With that information, I never would have bought it.  For all its \\"depth\\" and its futile attempt at trying to create yet another fantasy universe, the book is flat. The book has no depth, specially in its flacid dialogue and its ANNOYING attention to absurd details---how many times were we subjected to details about food, how it was cooked, what they wore...worse yet the oh so amazing way Matthews voice, or look, or stance was filled with strength, or dread, or whatever...God Lord! \\"The guests arrived at the country house.\\" Boom.  Then there is the further annoyance that the book does not stand on its own. Tell me: if the first book flopped, would they bother with publishing the second or third?  How hard would it be to have made it clear this is only the first part of a THREE part novel?   Anne Rice is no Dostoevsky, but compared to Ms. Harkness the woman is Tolstoy.  The characters in the book are so pompous in their manner and speech it is annoying to read. I kept flipping pages and skipping ahead hoping something interesting would happen with Ms. Harkness' attempts to give scientific validity to metaphysical subjects...witch DNA and vampire feeding and vampires making a living.   I do have to say I admire Harkness' tenacity in finishing the book; the time and effort involved had to be genuine. Still, it seemed with all the editors and such reading this before print...it seemed to me like when one looks at an actress on the redcarpet wearing a passable but hideous outfit: doesn't ANYBODY say to this woman \\"Really? THAT outfit???\\"  Really, Knights of Lazarus and black wax and 1500 year old vampires who need to make a living? REALLY?
0060229357|5.0|Purchased this for our four year old grandson and five year old granddaughter--they \\"read\\" it to each other and both love to have it read to them by adults.  Great imagination building book!      Gran'ma
B004HZ76FQ|5.0|This is a great game.  I was skeptical of a fishing game on that small of a screen but I am really impressed.
B004UC1WN8|4.0|When buying Jennifer Lopez's new album \\"Love?\\" I was a little skeptical. I didn't know what to expect her albums have not been the best lately but she has produced some ok singles. When actually listening to the entire album I thought this is one of her BEST works. The album is absoultely what I did not expect. You can she spent time on this and actually thought about what she wanted to create. I know this album has been meaning to come since last year,but it's good she went back to the drawing board and figured something out. I like how she stayed within her genre but explored different types of music. I wish all artist would do this. About two of the songs weren't so great but the others have an idnetity of their own. I really enjoyed the album and it's great I can finally play an artists creation ALL THE WAY THROUGH!!
B004UID2LC|4.0|Does what it says it will do. No problems with it whatsoever. The search function could be a bit better... didn't display all parts of a multipart video. But decent. Samsung Galaxy Indulge 4G
B004FOA84A|3.0|Loved the game... Beautiful graphics, reminded me of Zork. The puzzles were challenging enough to be interesting. Finished it quickly, though, and spent some time trying to figure out the trick to get to the next level... then realized that &quot;Epilogue&quot; indicated the end. Bummer.
B0001E5TSS|2.0|I've heard all the explanations as to why this is supposed to be the greatest film of all-time, but the bottom line is: it was boring. Why should the audience care about a guy who has everything and insists on being miserable? The only thing Kane seemed to enjoy was his \\"tortured loneliness\\" shtick, and so he died alone. Oh flipping well.<br /><br />The most important element in any film is STORY - and this story was BORING.
B000DZIGDU|1.0|Maybe the book was better, but the movie was pretentious and very unrealistic (I'm a veteran). Apparently, this guy reluctantly becomes an elite sniper even though he'd rather be doing nothing at all. Then he goes to Iraq and almost does something but then doesn't. Somewhere in there he and all the other marines strip naked and jump around. Yeah, sure, okay. The remainder of the movie is filled in with shots of walking through smoke in the desert cuz the oil wells are on fire. Again, nothing actually happens. A complete joke of a movie.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|the best game ever just got better. It's a must have! I am totally addicted. please hurry with the next level.
B0045ZAQSM|5.0|This film follows the life of a restaurant owner - a greek living in Hamburg - through various ups and downs.  It starts off slowly and builds and builds....  the various characters and threads of the story come together so well, that by the middle of the movie you can't wait to see what happens next.  And what happens is funny in various different ways - some of it quite subtle, but with a fair amount of overt slapstick.     Although the title is \\"Soul\\" Kitchen, the music is a mix of funk, r&b, soul, jazz, and rock.  I thought it was better that recognizable musical artists and hits were not used.  A fair amount of the \\"action\\" occurs without dialogue - you watch events unfold as the music continues to play.  More recognizable artists might have been distracting in this context.     I think the point of the movie might be summed up by an early conversation between the restaurant owner and his new high-end chef.  In that conversation the chef suggests they make \\"food for the soul\\", but I think the actual word used might have translated better as \\"food for the spirit\\".     I had seen Head On by this director, but that [excellent] film bears little relation to this one, except that they are both very well made [and a few actors are in both films, not that you'd know - the characters in Soul Kitchen are quite unique!].     Watch this film! - you WILL laugh at the twists and turns...
B0049P1VHS|5.0|One of or possibly even the BEST Zombie movie/show ever made. The special effects are way better than any regular TV show has and this gives this a great movie feel, but it keeps going and going :). All I can say is thank you all who made this possible....I LOVE IT!
B0015DROBO|3.0|I sort of skimmed thru the first half of the book; then it started getting really good.  Too much time discussing and belaboring details that weren't of interest.  I almost put it down.
0312323867|5.0|This whis will be a short review.... But this book was one I could not put down. Read something borroewed, then read something blue, and and you will read 300 pages in a day easily. Its 2am I started at 12noon with a two hour break and finished it it in a day... Fabulous
B000GIXEIG|5.0|First; the criticism: this is a deeply revisionist retelling of the Beowulf saga. Portraying the monster as a misunderstood bunny rabbit to make some kind of moral relativist point is an offensively ridiculous trope which should have disappeared from history along with bell bottom pantaloons, and it should rightfully be laughed to cinders. The crypto-feminist \\"love story\\" subplot with the witch is as ridiculous and disgusting as most modern ones are in the actual world. It's also fairly slow paced and dull, unless watched with attention to detail.<br /><br />Now, why you should watch this movie. First: it is beautifully filmed. It doesn't have any preposterous CGI special effects; it's just overpoweringly beautiful. The symbolism and foreshadowing are also subtly powerful and very well done.<br /><br />The characterization is strong and realistic. Compare it to, say, 13th warrior. The characterization in that film is like wooden quasi-superheroes. The men in this movie act like men; men who work and fight together. Not like effete cube dwelling gerbils (like in 2007's animated Grendel atrocity); these guys behave like actual men. The types who fight in wars, wear hard hats and get into barfights. You think Vikings acted like pieces of wood, or cube gerbils? I think they acted more like dudes in motorcycle gangs, hunting parties and construction crews. I know what such men are like, because I used to be one of them; that's what manly comradery is like. This is an honest portrayal of how men follow their leaders, are unique characters in a team and the way they interact with each other and give each other a hard time. This is so incredibly rare in modern cinema, it's worth watching for that alone. Generally filmmakers are the types who actively hate the working classes or anything resembling manhood. The characterization here is so strong, it's almost mythical. I've worked and gotten drunk with guys like this. They're real, and unlike cube-hamsters (who were probably all castrati in Byzantium in those days), they probably existed among Geatish warriors 1500 years ago.<br /><br />Another intensely clever bit: the use of both raw and poetic language. Men talk like that today. Real people don't go 'round declaiming things in crypto-formal language, unless they have some kind of tradition of speaking like motion picture Indians. Most \\"viking\\" movies have preposterous dialog like this, where nobody ever uses naughty words, or where everything is ribald and ridiculous. Other critics complained about the salty language. Such people are probably perpetually offended. Go watch Dumbo and be happy, or complain about Dumbo's theme of cruelty to animals if that makes you happy.<br /><br />Yet another bit of cleverness: the mix of accents. I was confused at first, and then I thought about my study of Anglo-Saxon and Nordic languages. That's what things were like! People, even people in the same tribe, would have had vastly different accents. They still do today in places like Norway, where you can speak perfect Norwegian, drive 40 miles, and hardly understand a thing that is said. This makes about 1000 times more sense than the fakeo \\"accents\\" in other period movies. Clever!<br /><br />Even more cleverness: the monsters were Neanderthals. Some people seemed to think they were supposed to be victims of Downs syndrome or something. No, they were very obviously Neanderthals. I find that more clever than Chrichton's cleverness in 13th Warrior. It also makes the story *make perfect sense.* If Neanderthals (who were incredibly strong compared to regular humans, and similarly not so gifted with speech abilities) managed to survive into relatively modern times, that's what the interaction would be like. In fact, we pretty much know from anthropological digs, that's what it *was* like for the tens of thousands of years that Neanderthals and modern European men interacted with each other. Very clever indeed; clever enough to make up for the revisionism, which makes perfect sense in this context. Don't believe me? Go look at the wikipedia entry for neanderthal anatomy: you will see several characters from this film.<br /><br />I also enjoyed the interplay of the old religion with Christianity. I rather suspect similar marketing was used in the early spread of Christianity, when it wasn't nuts like old King Olaf pouring molten metal down pagan people's guts.<br /><br />Finally, just like the old Sagas (even in Beowulf); this movie is *funny.* Norse mythology is supposed to be funny; these were people who made good jokes and laughed at fate. When crazy things happen in your life, it is often funny in the exact same way as in this movie. They even used clever alliteration in their jokes, which is precisely what the Skalds did in the sagas. The poetic form used in these old Nordic languages was alliterative! For that matter, alliteration and authentic dark age kennings are used everywhere in this film. I've *never* heard that in any other film, period. The scriptwriter is hereby exonerated from all his other sins. This script is a work of actual genius.<br /><br />The set designers and artificers on this film were also very well informed. From the swords and armor, right down to the drinking implements (I think King Hygelac's glass beaker is something taken from the Sutton Hoo burial site).<br /><br />I think more people would appreciate this if they were exposed to Anglo Saxon in high school, the way my mom and dad were. I guess I don't blame the people complaining about the revisionism, but do give it another try with some of these things in mind.text. Don't believe me? Go look at the wikipedia entry for neanderthal anatomy: you will see several characters from this film.    I also enjoyed the interplay of the old religion with Christianity. I rather suspect similar marketing was used in the early spread of Christianity, when it wasn't nuts like old King Olaf pouring molten metal down pagan people's guts.     Finally, just like the old Sagas (even in Beowulf); this movie is *funny.* Norse mythology is supposed to be funny; these were people who made good jokes and laughed at fate. When crazy things happen in your life, it is often funny in the exact same way as in this movie. They even used clever alliteration in their jokes, which is precisely what the Skalds did in the sagas. The poetic form used in these old Nordic languages was alliterative! For that matter, alliteration and authentic dark age kennings are used everywhere in this film. I've *never* heard that in any other film, period. The scriptwriter is hereby exonerated from all his other sins. This script is a work of actual genius.    The set designers and artificers on this film were also very well informed. From the swords and armor, right down to the drinking implements (I think King Hygelac's glass beaker is something taken from the Sutton Hoo burial site).     I think more people would appreciate this if they were exposed to Anglo Saxon in high school, the way my mom and dad were. I guess I don't blame the people complaining about the revisionism, but do give it another try with some of these things in mind.
1439190275|4.0|In February I decided to go on the Atkins Diet.  I have diabetes II and though my sugar is well controlled by diet, I wanted to also correct my cholesterol levels and my blood pressure.  This book contains a lot of information I found helpful in getting through the first stages of the diet and remaing on the diet.    I have lost 20 lbs so far and my cholesterol is the lowest ever as is my blood pressure.
B004ZJ6SLC|5.0|One of the best episodes yet! The Vampire Dairies are a breathe of fresh air. They keep you entertained and on the edge of your seat.  A far cry from all the reality shoes that plague our TV sets.
1400079144|1.0|Having gone through some initial growing pains with Deception Point and Digital Fortess, Dan Brown really hit his stride with the superb Angels and Demons.  Since then, it has been straight downhill.  The Da Vinci code was a disappointment, not awful but ultimately boring. Now comes The Lost Symbol, which is somehow boring AND irritating. The repeated descriptions of characters reacting with aghast, knee-weaking shock at 'revelations' that would make most people, maybe, raise their eyebrows were initially funny but by the 12th time it gets very old.  Far worse is the constant barrage of propaganda favoring awful hoaxes like telekinesis, esp, and so on.  Then there are the constant promises of 'great mysteries' to be revealed, which of course never are.  Do not buy this book. Do not get it from your local library.  If someone offers you a copy to read, politely decline.  Your time will be better spend doing something, anything, else.
B00005JLWN|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  Stylish with great action scenes and an intriguing premise that plays out well.  Acting and directing are both strong.  It's based on a graphic novel and it plays out like one in some ways, but for me that is a plus.
B003YGSLDA|5.0|I remember going to see this movie at the theater and was inspired by the story line as well as the actors.  Dudley Moore, John Lithgow and David Huddleston(who plays Santa Claus--as no one else could be more convincing as a Santa Claus) does an excellent job.  Trust me when I say, this movie will make you wish that Christmas could be year-round.
B0044C3QSS|4.0|I'll admit, it took me awhile to catch on to this show but,now that I've started watching it is one of my favorites. The characters are smart and well written and in spite of their over the top schenaigens the plots are still somehow believable. Gonna buy the HD Blu ray sets. I just hope they can continue for enough seasons to make it to syndication.
B004Q1FDHO|3.0|Great fun blowing up fish.   The controls and game options are good.    But it is very annoying that the game freezes up and I'm forced to put the battery to get the use of my phone back.   Spring Samsung Epic 4g Froyo.
B001MYIXAC|3.0|its an ok movie not bad but still watchable but for the English version with subtitles or dub is sooooooo bad that kind of prevented me from enjoying the movie. its a bout a 12 year old boy who is being bullied befriending a girl who looks his age but is not she is a vampire.
B004TTMYQG|5.0|I have used many Apps of this type and this is the best.  Love the widget as well.  Love that you can edit a recurring appointment as well (changing the date).
B0002JJBZE|5.0|The Original Series (TOS) is still the best, and the DVD's of each season bring that point home beautifully.  They are just as originally filmed and I treasure every moment.  No need for inserted modern special effects; those just insult the brilliance of the stories and acting.  Nimoy, Shatner, Kelley, Nichols etc. are like old friends who never disappoint.  I am revelling in every moment as I watch - and rewatch - these fabulous, ground-breaking, wonderfully acted episodes of the best and most iconic television show ever created!
B003ZDZ1WG|4.0|I love this CD! It has a lot of great songs besides the ones played on the radio...\\"Independence, Double Heart, and Postcard from Paris\\" are all great. I rarely buy CD's as I usually just download songs, but I'm glad I bought this one. They are a great group!
B000FP2OPY|5.0|It just doesn't get any better than the Winchesters.  Such an amazing story and incredible actors.  I can't get enough of it!
B003M5AXN4|5.0|I prefer not going through all the fuss of the main menu. it just plays and any adjustements (subs, lang, ang) can be done still
1936594234|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read about how your mind works.  I have read many self help books but this is the only one that explains how your mind and subconcious mind work in a sinple step by step method that can be put to use.  I have purchased copies for friends and family.  And I never realized how negative my own words were until reading this book.
B003L77G10|5.0|This is a suprise series and even if you have had the chance to see it in broadcast buy the DVDs, spend the time watching the micro and the macro, something new to delight everytime.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I'm a fan but I'm not a sucker. The only reason I would have bought this set was if the original three episodes were included sans the 'Special Edition' crap. The only film from the Special Edition trilogy that doesn't make me want to take a drive down to Skywalker Ranch to punch George Lucas in the face is Empire I guess because there wasn't a lot of 'fixing' done to any major scenes in that one. Enhancing explosions and adding in some extra background set pieces to blend better with the new trilogy is one thing, screwing around with the actual film by moving actors into positions they didn't really move to in order to create illusions of a 'Greedo shot first' scene or Han Solo stepping over the badly obvious cgi Jabba the Hutt tail in order to get around him are just ridiculous. And how 'bout Jedi with the cartoon band scene at Jabba's palace? I want to scream.
B004VMUS9G|3.0|I went to install, but the program want a lot of access including full internet and fine gps.   why does an alarm need this person info.
B004SBX112|1.0|I have never been able to install this app/game.  Forces close every single time I have attempted installation on Samsung Intercept running 2.2.  Angry Birds Rio installed with no problem whatsoever.
0439023521|5.0|I was a bit leery reading this. On one hand, the summary enticed me. Placing children in an area to fight to the death like gladiators? Intriguing! On the other hand, I've been very picky about books with rave reviews. It seems that I pick it up expecting something amazing, something that'll excite me and make me want to rant about it, but they all fall short. The Hunger Games has ended that terrible curse! It's been a long time since I finished reading a book and it really excited me. I want to grab this book and force other people to re-read it or if they've been in the dark like me, to read it.    Unlike other young adult novels where girl meets mystery boy and finds him creepy and repulsive and then the next chapter finds something redeemable about him and falls in love, this had none of that. In fact, it might be the closest to a real relationship I've ever read in a young adult novel in quite some time. Katniss is forced to pretend to love Peeta, a boy who already loves her unconditionally, to save her life. And Katniss isn't some frail little girl. She's tougher and more reliable than Peeta is. She can hunt and she's deadly with a bow and arrow whereas Peeta knows little to nothing about killing.    I glanced at some of the lower rated reviews on Goodreads for this and I think one of the complaints of one of the reviewers was that Collins didn't let Katniss go in there and take everyone out. But for me, this worked well with her character. Sure, Katniss is a killing machine when it comes to animals, but she is human and a 16 year old at that. There aren't many 16 year olds that are willing to kill even if placed in an arena where you have to: it's that shred of innocence and purity that makes Katniss, Katniss. And honestly, it would repulse me if she did go in and start killing people left and right without a thought.    Through the first section of the book, I could easily place the book down and go about and finish an errand. But by the time I reached the second section, that was the point of no return for me. There was no way I was going to put it down. It was such a thrill to read and exciting. The end did leave at a bit of a cliffhanger -- how were they going to cope after the games? Would they really be safe back in District 12? -- but it was perfect for the first book in a series.
B002JVWQSW|2.0|After reading so many positive reviews, I decided to give this show a try.     What a disappointment. \\"Modern Family\\" is so politically correct that does not work out for me. Perhaps it works for a lot of people and I respect that. But not for me. And another (unfortunate) surprise was the number of cliches.     Like I said, most likely, this comedy is very funny for a lot of people. In my case, I was really disappointed this time. I saw several episodes and I tried (believe me!) so much to enjoy the show. Unfortunately, after six episodes I just had to quit.    Once again, if you are a fan of \\"modern family\\", good for you!    I wanted so much to like this show...
1400031567|5.0|I found this on a bookshelf in our holiday cottage. I was already  a fan of both the English version but especially the Swedish version of Wallander tv. This was absolutely unputdownable. I am now hooked! Have made a list of all the others and am about to collect! all
B004IQMXD4|5.0|I love this CD very much - you get a lot of music for your money.  As I see it - there are basically 2 different albums here:  The Dave Stewart Stevie written tracks and the non Stewart Stevie written tracks.  The two styles contrast each other very well, but clearly the true standouts are the Stewart Stevie written tracks.  The race for my number one song on my personal charts is so close between \\"Everybody Loves You\\" and \\"Italian Summer\\" - Both tracks are very moving - beautifully written.  But - it touches on a point (not necessarily a certain song) that I have about this CD - it is a body of work that actually moves me.  It is something that has become a distant memory for me, an album that can actually stir up emotion in me.  This is how I feel about \\"In Your Dreams\\".    No, this CD is not full of radio friendly songs - and THANK GOD Stevie did not take that path!!  So, you will have your naysayers that want to like this CD - but they have been so brainwashed into only liking radio friendly music - they have lost any taste.    \\"In Your Dreams\\" is solid - has many musical varieties - it is a very solid album that has the potential to become one of those special albums that you will listen to 20 years from purchase.  Standouts for me are:    1.  Everybody Loves You  2.  Italian Summer  3.  In Your Dreams  4.  Moonlight  5.  New Orleans  6.  Annabel Lee  7.  Ghosts Are Gone  8.  Cheaper Than Free    Now - that is a lot of standout songs - and oh yeah - the others are pretty damn good too!  Thank you Stevie for making a QUALITY RECORD!
1593078684|5.0|Simply put, If you are an Amano fan then you will love this book.  It has only artwork in it(no filler) and has a wonderfully strange foldout.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Watched all discs and had only one minor malfunction of a small skip. Other then that amazing!   Thanks so much!
030746363X|5.0|An incredibly quick & effective way to shed those kilos, great for those who cant spend hours at the gym, or wont. The additional info provided in the \\"Geek Advantage\\" boxes throughout the book improved my understanding of how our bodies work. Great diet, simple and short duration exercises that you can do just about anywhere, additional sections for those who want something beyond basic fitness - take what you want & leave the rest. A great buy.
B003L20IFQ|5.0|Really, this film is an absolute masterpiece.  I haven't seen as interesting and thrilling an entertainment experience executed with such clever, well-proportioned filmmaking devices since a Hitchcock film.  Wow.  Astonishingly good film.
B00008CLOA|5.0|I received this album about ten years ago from a friend,on vinyl,because it wasn't his \\"style.\\" I only knew one song from Pink Floyd,\\"The Wall.\\" So I listened to this album one day,and was blown away!!So I ordered it and had it sent to me here in Iraq.I come back here to my quarters,let \\"Time\\"play,and all I want to do is sit in the dark and float away!It's the perfect cd to just chill..........
B004VMUS9G|5.0|im a hard, very heavy sleeper. there are plenty of nice features to make sure im awake b4 the alarm is disabled.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Even though it was advertised as in \\"very good\\" condition it looked to me better than in \\"like new\\" condition, not a scratch and, except for the missing cellophane covering the DVD case, in perfect condition.
B002A97IJ0|3.0|This fan is too loud for my tastes unless the voltage is reduced, and if the voltage is reduced it doesn't push very much air.  It does not work well with a Corsair H70 watercooling block.  It is very noisy and moves no air when compared to the standard H70 fan.  I ended up using it in a home theatre PC case volt modded down to a lower RPM where the size of the fan mattered more than the airflow, and with the volt mod it is much quieter.  Choose this fan for the slim depth, if you are limited, but don't expect high airflows without high noise on such a thin fan.
1401902197|5.0|Just a great LIFT me UP and STAY UP book in ALL areas of LIFE and start EACH DAY with THE BEST DAY of MY LIFE AGAIN and STAY that way!!! thank YOU for another GREAT Book Louise HAY!!!! I have bought as Gifts and they reply THANK You plus the audio in the back is perfect to take anywhere a short fast way to always keep that positive attitude and feeling GOOD which is the KEY to SUCCESS In ALL areas in life and MAKE all DREAMS/WISHES/PRAYERS Come TRUE NOW !!! thank you LOUISE / GOD!!!! :)
B004TTMYQG|5.0|As many have said, its a great app, better than the stock app. Great display of appointment times. The widgets it allows are also very useful. Worth buying,  in. my opinion.
0439023483|4.0|AN amazing series, set in the future, where no one is safe from the goverment. Until someone says, enough is enough. Great read
B004GAXBCE|5.0|I love this movie, my kids love this movie.  I've only met one person who didn't love this movie.  It's because it is funny and clean and the hero is a bad guy who's not what you expect.  It shows that the real value in life is relationships, not stuff!  I think everyone can benefit from hearing that message, especially in a funny way!
B0002XDODU|5.0|From the height Mutter built from Sehnsucht, I went into Reise, Reise expecting the same Metal/Industrial thrill Rammstein threw at me with the previous albums. However, what Rammstein ejaculated into my ear this time consisted of some strange, foreign substance. Moreover, this substance worming its way through my entire body, attacked my nervous system and made my foot tap the floor in the catchy rhythm they created.    The album contained the head-banging hard riffs I fell in love with firsthand; but it also had more strings incorporated into the songs, and the tempos dropped considerably, once cast amongst their older stuff. In other words, Rammstein went for something different--maybe to set a milestone or to show their flexibility. As an open-minded Rammstein fan, I appreciated this piece of music--heck, this piece of ART. (All things considered, Rosenrot is probably their worst--especially proven at concerts where only one (or two tracks if your residence is Central and/or South America) of the album's songs is performed.)    I recommend any Rammstein fan--nay, ANYONE--to pick this CD up and give it a listen. It'll be worth your while.
B003RNXIBK|1.0|His new music is just... Bad. The Marshall Mathers LP and Encore were probably two of the best rap albums ever. But this is just terrible. Eminem is not made for hip-hop/pop rap. He was made for just rap, and to have some of his songs even make you laugh a little. But Recovery is just terrible. Won't Back Down isnt that bad, but the rest of the album just sucks. Eminem just needs to retire.
B0034G4P80|4.0|Maybe the biggest feat this movie accomplishes is that it makes Marvel Comics' version of Thor pretty accessible to the general public, thus advancing Stan Lee's eeeeevil plan for world domination. The story splits its time between Thor's exile on Earth and the throne-ousting goings-on in the wondrous realms of Asgard and Jotunheim. By the end, you get a good sense of what the Thunderer is all about, and the worlds he inhabits. As per usual, there's plenty of beats and references to tie it all into big Marvel film continuity.<br /><br />Thor Odinson, the Norse God of Thunder, is about as subtle and retiring as his war hammer, mighty Mj&ouml;llnir. Firstborn son of Odin the All-Father, Thor is brash and arrogant and is about as frontline a warrior as one can get. When his act of sheer foolhardiness reignites the war between the Asgardians and the frost giants of Jotunheim, an angered Odin banishes his favorite son to Midgard below (but we call it Earth). This is all actually bits of flashback. The present story begins with astrophysicist (no, not a nurse) Jane Foster studying wormhole phenomena in the desert outskirts of Puente Antiguo, a sleepy New Mexico town. As Jane Foster eventually learns, the wormhole phenomenon is a mystical gateway thru which a disgraced and now mortal thunder god is sent hurtling.<br /><br />The segue paragraph: DC Comics has got its work cut out, trying to match the quality of these Marvel flicks. I was in the theater, eying the comic book-related movie trailers. I was very intrigued with CAPTAIN AMERICA, somewhat interested in COWBOYS & ALIENS (which is from neither Marvel or DC), and a bit put off with GREEN LANTERN (can't Hal Jordan be more imaginative than calling up swords and big laser guns with his all-powerful ring?). I was initially concerned about THOR, and how he'll be translated to the big screen, but word's been good from its overseas release, and, it turns out, this is a really entertaining picture. Director Kenneth Branagh historically does well when you toss him a few Shakespearean bones.<br /><br />Thor simply begs for elements of grandeur, of spectacular derring-do, big myth, and those Shakespearean touches. Branagh peppers in themes of dysfunction in the royal family, bitter sibling rivalry, treachery, loss and redemption. As a weary and broken-hearted Odin collapses into the Odinsleep (in which he replenishes his strength), Thor's younger brother seizes the opportunity to claim the throne. Except in his own twisty way, this is only one step into worming his way into his father's heart. Or that's what I got out of it. Loki, god of mischief and of exceedingly big-horned helmets, is a complicated backstabbing guy.<br /><br />Complementing the grandiose spectacle of Asgard and the wintry barrenness of Jotunheim, Thor's time in New Mexico provides some grounding, some toning-down relief. I was pleasantly surprised that Branagh was able to interject moments of humor, and these moments are found in Thor's interactions with the humans. Thor himself has been reduced to a mere mortal state, even though he retains that godly physique and he never does lose that sense of self-belief. Shortly after Thor's plummet (and getting smacked around by Jane Foster's ride), the New Mexico desert is rocked by another wormhole phenomenon, this time heralding the arrival of the enchanted hammer Mj&ouml;llnir. Lodged in a large piece of rock, Mj&ouml;llnir is unmoveable, even though many men would try to extract it (even a cameo-ing Stan Lee is not worthy enough). Eventually, S.H.I.E.L.D. locks down the place, erects a camp around it, and there goes that carnival atmosphere.<br /><br />Old hands like Natalie Portman, Stellan Skarsgård, Rene Russo, and the always reliable Anthony Hopkins are featured, but the movie rightfully belongs to lesser-known actors like Tom Hiddleston, Jamie Andrews, and Chris Hemsworth. Hemsworth, especially, anchors the film. He has a presence that extends beyond the sculpted muscles. His boastful thunder god is likable, and he does well in those quieter, redemptive moments. The guy has charisma. I think it's the beard. I wish I had a beard.<br /><br />Hiddleston lends a brooding complexity to the the scheming Loki. The stunning Jamie Andrews, for my money, outshines Natalie Portman, although, admittedly, Andrews has the more showy role. Andrews convincingly plays the lady warrior Sif, and I only wish she'd had more chances to show off her fighting skills. Meanwhile, each time Portman lavished Hemsworth with one of those adoring looks, the theater audience snickered. That may be the one overriding issue I have with this film. Natalie Portman doesn't make Jane Foster someone so special that it would motivate a prideful Thor to become a gentler, kinder thunder god worthy of wielding Mj&ouml;llnir. Meanwhile, Idris Elba is fantastic as the impressive Heimdall, eagle-eyed guardian of the Bifrost Bridge. Heimdall rapidly becomes one of my favorite characters. As a sheer treat for me, personally, Kat Dennings (from the fabulous NICK & NORAH'S INFINITE PLAYLIST) has a snarky supporting part as Jane Foster's colleague.<br /><br />So Marvel's streak continues, of putting out really watchable film products, and we're only about a year away now from the Avengers movie. Thor makes for a majestic hero, and I'm almost loathe to label him a superhero because that seems to strip away some of that regal aura. There are moments of sheer awesomeness in which Thor demonstrates just how powerful he is. This is a guy who routinely goes toe to toe against giant monsters. I will say that the Destroyer construct (and its disintegrator beam) is damn impressive, and the special effects crew really did a bang-up job on it, and overall, really. For longtime comic book readers, THOR presents a series of Easter eggs, among which are references to the Hulk and Tony Stark and a tantalizing glimpse of Hawkeye.<br /><br />*** SPOILER ALERT *** Regarding the post-closing credits scene, I'm not sure that a SPOILER is even warranted, because I'm not sure a lot of folks will know what they'll be looking at. But, as usual, stick around for the post-closing credits sequence. It features Nick Fury, Dr. Selvig and an unseen Loki gazing at an object of limitless power. But if, like most in the movie theater, you ended up asking, \\"Okay, what the hell is that all about?\\" What it is, yo, is the cosmic cube.es. His boastful thunder god is likable, and he does well in those quieter, redemptive moments. The guy has charisma. I think it's the beard. I wish I had a beard.<br /><br />Hiddleston lends a brooding complexity to the the scheming Loki. The stunning Jamie Andrews, for my money, outshines Natalie Portman, although, admittedly, Andrews has the more showy role. Andrews convincingly plays the lady warrior Sif, and I only wish she'd had more chances to show off her fighting skills. Meanwhile, each time Portman lavished Hemsworth with one of those adoring looks, the theater audience snickered. That may be the one overriding issue I have with this film. Natalie Portman doesn't make Jane Foster someone so special that it would motivate a prideful Thor to become a gentler, kinder thunder god worthy of wielding Mj&ouml;llnir. Meanwhile, Idris Elba is fantastic as the impressive Heimdall, eagle-eyed guardian of the Bifrost Bridge. Heimdall rapidly becomes one of my favorite characters. As a sheer treat for me, personally, Kat Dennings (from the fabulous NICK & NORAH'S INFINITE PLAYLIST) has a snarky supporting part as Jane Foster's colleague.<br /><br />So Marvel's streak continues, of putting out really watchable film products, and we're only about a year away now from the Avengers movie. Thor makes for a majestic hero, and I'm almost loathe to label him a superhero because that seems to strip away some of that regal aura. There are moments of sheer awesomeness in which Thor demonstrates just how powerful he is. This is a guy who routinely goes toe to toe against giant monsters. I will say that the Destroyer construct (and its disintegrator beam) is damn impressive, and the special effects crew really did a bang-up job on it, and overall, really. For longtime comic book readers, THOR presents a series of Easter eggs, among which are references to the Hulk and Tony Stark and a tantalizing glimpse of Hawkeye.<br /><br />*** SPOILER ALERT *** Regarding the post-closing credits scene, I'm not sure that a SPOILER is even warranted, because I'm not sure a lot of folks will know what they'll be looking at. But, as usual, stick around for the post-closing credits sequence. It features Nick Fury, Dr. Selvig and an unseen Loki gazing at an object of limitless power. But if, like most in the movie theater, you ended up asking, \\"Okay, what the hell is that all about?\\" What it is, yo, is the cosmic cube.
0670022411|3.0|A friend lent me this book and told me it was good.  I started to read it and enjoyed the first few chapters.  I liked the matter-of-fact way the main character accepted magic, vampires, and demons as part of the world around her.  Then things turned in a different direction and I found myself reading an old-style Harlequin Romance.      The protagonist was supposed to be a scholar in her thirties but she acted like an ingenue.  As other reviewers noted, she sleeps A LOT.  She has many emotional hangups and seems very high maintenance.  She's clueless of the danger she's in, even when people are breaking into her rooms. I'm not sure what the vampire love interest sees in her.  And the slow pace of their sex life made me wonder if he remembered human women don't have time to wait around.      Eventually I started to get the giggles because the book turned so amateurish.  It looked like we were going to get ANOTHER new set of characters every chapter. Apparently the vampire has met pretty much every historical character in the last 1500 years.  Useful info, materials, and power materialize just in the nick of time.  There's literally a deux ex machina!    In the end I was just disappointed that such a good premise went so bad.
B00005N83M|5.0|This is one of Jennifer's best albums. There are so many good tracks, my favorites are: Love Don't Cost A Thing, I'm Real, Play, I'm Gonna Be Alright and the smash hit I'm Real (Murder Remix). This is a very cool CD. Buy it and you'll love it!
6301095014|4.0|BECAUSE last one send me digitally remaster didn't like it wide screen 1998 want it first came out blue sky hilecopter letters in red looks in the picture and like it full screen Please doesnt matter is old tape IVE of 1988 really prechated for your certery attention store Amazon for best entertanment.
B003Y5H55G|1.0|I saw this movie with no knowledge of what it was about beforehand. It was my Brothers Birthday, and he picked it based solely on the Commercials, which depicted it as a fun comedy about a cute little Alien. So we went.    It was that a Mistake.    The movie started out OK. I mean, the two Nerds really were mildly likeable, but they really seemed as if they'd be background Characters. Still, their parts were amusing enough for a movie starter, and I expected it to pick up when they meet the Alien, and it did. The Alien introduction was done well, and brought the script fully to life... for a little while. Then they began relying on the fact that the Alien, named Paul, smoked pot and cursed like a Sailor. That got old. So did the stereotyping of American Midwesterners and the recurring gay jokes.    Still, I Put up with it. It still was mildly amusing in some parts, and I could fake it long enough for the movie to end and we could have just had a pleasant time at an untimely forgettable movie comedy.    Then they had to introduce Ruth, the Fundamentalist Christian who served as a Strawman argument for Christianity, that Paul shot down. I'm sorry, but I wasn't really into this movie anyway and her Character pretty well ended all enjoyment. I realise that now Atheists will come up and start attacking me in the comments segment, leading to the inevitable claims about how Christianity has had such an awful and evil past filled with blood and conquest and oppression, and how all this was done for a make believe God, but I don't care. I was offended. The attacks on Christianity were unwarranted, and they didn't even get them right. (Ruth is suppose to be a Young Earth creationist but thinks the Earth is 4000 Years old. The Youngest I've ever heard is 6000 Years, not 4000 Years.) The mockery and depiction of Christians as crazed and oppressed ( and no hint was made that any other sort of Christian existed) killed this movie or me. It just wasn't funny seeing derogatory stereotypes about Christians brought up and used as a foil, and this was done repeatedly as a major subplot. It culminates in Ruth telling Paul she set her Free, by making her an Atheist.    By the way, it hinges on Christianity not being able to be True if Alien Life exists, which is utterly spurious logic. Nothing in Christianity explicitly rules out Alien Life, and many Christians believe Alien life exists. Paul's existence just doesn't prove Christianity is wrong.    Also, before it comes up, No, I'd not be happier if they had burned Korans and mocked Muhammad. That's because I am a mature and reasonable Adult who is not just offended because it attacked my Faith, its simply inappropriate to belittle people or create Films that will generate a false understanding of them, and produce Hatred and mockery.    The rest of the film, now with no laughs from me, rolled on and had some really unintelligent parts that were played for laughs or to move the story along that made no sense whatsoever, like a man going back into a comic book store to touch a displays \\"Space man Balls\\". This is, believe it or not, an important scene, but made no sense. Why would a grown man in his 30's do that?    The Conclusion of the film was also trite, predictable, and at that point I just wanted it over with.    Sorry, I didn't like this one. It was a horrible movie that was not funny, and the Bashing of Christians was inappropriate.
B0048KQPDO|5.0|Sissi is a lovely film with beautiful sets, costumes and Music. It is in Italian and no subtitles, but in spite of that it is easy to follow even if you do not speak Italian; if you know anything about the life of the Impress of Austria you can keep up with the plot. Visually the film is a delight with sets and costumes that are so beautiful  you don't need to understand Italian to be intertained.  Even with the sound off this film  would be a joy to watch ; but keep the sound on the music is lush and sweeping.  Lets hope there is a dubded English edition in the future or at least one with subtitles, untill then this film is one not to be missed !!!!
B004WESFZW|5.0|Edward Patrick O'Brien       This movie is a very average science fiction story.  Taken as that, it is not very good.  I take it as one of the best love stories I have ever seen.  The chemistry between Matt Damon and Emily Blunt is dynamite.  I am captivated by Emily Blunt whom I think should become a genuine super star.  I have seen the movie three times.  I highly recommend it as a love story.                                              \\"Comments by a Guilty Bystander\\"   Edward Patrick O'Brien
0316381357|5.0|Wow, Nuns are heroes!  What dedication to God and work.  This book really brings out the spirit of sacrifice these ladies make.  Cowboy's, Construction workers, dock workers, think they are tough-  Not compared to these ladies. These ladies are tough and work under impossible conditions that the rest of us would cringe.  Fantastic book.
B004LL1HMY|5.0|I was wowed by this album entirely. I am impressed with the band's skill of not abandoning their own sound and yet trying new things to make for a changed second full length. The new instruments and intricate song dynamics make for a fuller and more mature album. I love every second of it. The lyrics are beyond marvelous, with great new melodies and soul searching rhymes. All around and as a whole, the album is a great accomplishment for the Fleet Foxes.
B004L79VUI|4.0|Goods arrived quickly and in good condition. Recommend seller and CD. This is one of those albums which grows on you and I like that because it gives it longevity on my play list.
0743289692|2.0|This is a fascinating look at the lives of African Muslim women.  Infidel made an excellent book club selection and provided fodder for an in-depth discussion about religious tolerance, and the morality of a welfare state. It is a slow read however and for me at least, it bogs down when it becomes too political.  It was enlightening to see recent world events through the filter of the veil, and even though I didn't enjoy reading it, I'm glad I did,
B000AP04MO|5.0|Many movies are about falling in love, the euphoria of being in love, getting married and living happily ever after. \\"Two For The Road\\" is director Stanley Donen's extremely bittersweet look at what happens after the euphoria of love has died long ago, and the married couple is living (not very happily) together ever after.<br />  Embarking on yet another \\"working\\" vacation through Europe, Mark and Joanna Wallace (Albert Finney and Audrey Hepburn) recall their twelve year marriage, from 1954-1966. The marriage is not shown in chronilogical order. Instead, events are revealed as the characters remember them; in scattered, often overlapping, bits and pieces. The movie proceeds the way a person's memory of their life actually works, jumping back and forth in time. The non-chronilogical order does put some viewers off. Some people have told me they couldn't follow or get into this movie at all. That is their loss. The movie is easy to follow because Albert Finney and Audrey Hepburn, whether experiencing domestic bliss or discord, make an extremely compelling couple..  There is romance in the story but, for the most part, \\"Two For The Road\\" favors bitter reality over romance.  The non-chronilogical sequencing of events works to the film's emotional advantage.  We see how Mark and Joanna's marriage soured BEFORE we see how they initially fell in love. Our knowledge of what went wrong and how gives the scenes of their happy times added poignancy.<br />  Mark and Joanna suffer through a humorously disasterous 1956 vacation with Mark's former girlfriend, the snobby Cathy Maxwell-Manchester (Eleanor Bron), her neurotic, control-freak husband Howard (William Daniels) and their bratty daughter Ruthie-Bell.<br />  But the movie is centered around Mark and Joanna as they negotiate the bumpy road of marriage; loving, bantering, bickering, injuring, reconcilling-- all the while breaking their own hearts and ours. Frederic Raphel's script is extremely astringent and often brutally honest in its depiction of marriage. The film takes a decidedly adult and frank look at adultry.<br />  Both Mark and Joanna engage in extramarital affairs, but the film looks at each one differently. The rather selfish and chronically insecure Mark has an afternoon fling that is treated as a lark. Joanna doesn't even know about it. Later, when Joanna has a more serious affair with one of Mark's business clients (Georges Descrieres), the wound hits much more deeply. Realizing that lover David is deadly dull and serious;  and Mark, for all his character flaws, is much more fun, Joanna, full of love and regret, returns to Mark. A relieved Mark nevertheless, wounds Joanna in retaliation in a way that is impossible to forgive or forget. In order to remain together as a couple, Mark and Joanna must accept how they have changed as individuals.<br />  \\"Two For The Road\\" is unquestionably (in my opinion) the best performance of Audrey Hepburn's career. As Joanna, Audrey  displays a full range of emotions; especially love, devotion, humor, pain, and heartbreak. There is a lot of depth and pain in Audrey Hepburn's performance, and she definitely deserved an Academy Award for it. If Audrey's on-screen relationship with Albert Finney rings too painfully true, that is because \\"Two For The Road\\" plays like real life instead of a romantic Hollywood movie.its depiction of marriage. The film takes a decidedly adult and frank look at adultry.    Both Mark and Joanna engage in extramarital affairs, but the film looks at each one differently. The rather selfish and chronically insecure Mark has an afternoon fling that is treated as a lark. Joanna doesn't even know about it. Later, when Joanna has a more serious affair with one of Mark's business clients (Georges Descrieres), the wound hits much more deeply. Realizing that lover David is deadly dull and serious;   and Mark, for all his character flaws, is much more fun, Joanna, full of love and regret, returns to Mark. A relieved Mark nevertheless, wounds Joanna in retaliation in a way that is impossible to forgive or forget. In order to remain together as a couple, Mark and Joanna must accept how they have changed as individuals.     \\"Two For The Road\\" is unquestionably (in my opinion) the best performance of Audrey Hepburn's career. As Joanna, Audrey  displays a full range of emotions; especially love, devotion, humor, pain, and heartbreak. There is a lot of depth and pain in Audrey Hepburn's performance, and she definitely deserved an Academy Award for it. If Audrey's on-screen relationship with Albert Finney rings too painfully true, that is because \\"Two For The Road\\" plays like real life instead of a romantic Hollywood movie.
B004I11VZA|5.0|this movie keeps u in it, keeps ur eyes glued to ur tv.. love it and I suggest any one who like donnie as an actor and fighter mma action role betterget this on blu ray asap... blu ray rules!!!!!!
B004IQMXD4|5.0|Stevie Nick's new album is excellent.  Her voice is as strong and unique as ever and the songs are among some of her best.  She and Dave Stewart work very well together.  Check this out.  You'll love it.
B004LUHQ1G|5.0|You can hear the grungy and natural sound on the CD. Definitely more like old-school Foos. Quality rock 'n' rock!
B004XDYJRU|5.0|This is the beat designed app I have ever used.  I couldn't care less about satellite radio now. Should cost more than 99¢  What a deal!
B0000AK7AB|5.0|I remember going to see &quot;Babe&quot; in the movie theater when it came out.  There's a part, 2/3 of the way through, where Farmer Hoggett, Babe's adoptive Dad (at least that's what it feels like), sings and dances a song to cheer up his depressed Babe. All through the movie, Farmer Hoggett is a serious man of few words. To see him sing and jump and throw up his hat, in an effort to get Babe to eat, was hilarious and touching.  The whole theater roared with approval at the end of the song.<br /><br />I echo all the positive comments. This is a movie to cherish.<br /><br />And if ever you hear someone say, &quot;That'll do, Pig.  That'll do.&quot;, you'll know that they just put their absolute faith in someone running at 100 to 1 odds, and the long shot came through, out of love.<br /><br />Happy Reader
B004I2K4DY|5.0|This is a DVD I would recommend to people who  like wonderful music and acting. It was very  well done. Some people did not think that   Nick Jonas was that good, but I thought he did  an excellent perfomance. Also, the DVD was sent  in record time. I also bought a copy of it for my  son and his family. His 11 year old daughter   couldn't wait to see the whole production.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|All the changes, edits, etc. really gave the masterful original trilogy a major blow.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it.  Lucas thought the original trilogy needed a fix, and he was wrong.  Too bad he is too stubborn and greedy to care.  He continues his greedy behavior with this release of the god offal \\"remastered\\" editions.  Too bad Lucas will not be known for being the creative genius he was previously recognized as before this debauchery.  I love the originals, and to watch what he did to them is very disheartening.  For those who like this version are either in denial, or never experienced the originals.
B00110K62U|5.0|This is the other DVD of Les Miserales: The 10th   Anniversary. It also was very good. Both DVD's are  good.The other one is Les Miserables:The 25th Anniversary.   It is hard to say which one I liked better.  Anyone getting either one will be pleased with their  purchase. This one also came in record time.
B004IFYMYI|5.0|I wouldn't dare critique the film put on this disc.  It's a stellar and haunting tale of paranoia and loneliness that is still relevant today.  The Blu-ray edition delivers the goods with smooth menus, loads of interesting features, and the Sony 4K restoration process is evident, not some corporate bull advertising to get you to buy yet another edition of a classic film.  The picture quality is pure eye candy for those who have seen previous disc versions.  The only disappointment is that the restoration process did not include \\"fixing\\" the final bit of violence at the end. Without spoiling the plot I will say that the ending violence was supposed to be vibrant, not washed over in an orange hue as it was upon original release and is in this 4K restoration.   In any case, this should not deter anyone from picking up this Blu-ray.  This is the definitive edition and should not be missed.
B003SWNRU2|5.0|All of Accept got together again for this release, minus Udo. I was fairly skeptical at first, considering the last time they tried making an LP with David Reece in Udo's vocal spot resulted in the abysmal hair-metal abomination \\"Eat the Heat.\\"  Have no fear fellow headbanger's--Mark Tornillo can hold his own in the vocal slot, which is no mean feat considering the shoes he has to fill.  After repeated listens to this album, I have to say it has no right being as good as it is.  This should not have worked at all, but the proof is in the grooves and the way my neck snaps everytime I hear \\"Teutonic Terror.\\"  Hell, they even brought back the patented Accept gang-chorus vocals and they sound just the same as the classics on \\"Metal Heart\\" and \\"Balls to the Wall.\\"  Wolf Hoffman and Hermann Frank just flat-out riff it up all over this album, and that is a definite bright spot.  The only real complaint I have is about the length, this album clocks in at over 70 minutes, which is a little much for one listening session.  Otherwise, if you crave some classic traditional heavy metal, you can't go any better than this.
B002436WFI|5.0|We could NOT believe just how good this movie was, having 1st checked it via by mail rental, then realizing we had to have for our collection - in order to view it during the holidays (during the colder months).  It is in 2 parts, 1.5 hrs each.  It is well-acted, finely directed, and terrifically scripted.  You'll recognize Sean Astin, who played Samwise Gamje (sp?) the Hobbit in LOTR, a traveller who stumbles in to a fantastical & literally magical adventure; and then there's Tim Curry, the evil & plotting wizard.  Not to give it away, but Astin has a magical walking chest full of gold that looks out for him, and acquires a 'guide' - a not so magical & bumbling wizard, who finds his powers, and they go on a quest all over this 'far out' world set upon a celestial Tortoise's back.  * MY SON IS 15 NOW, NO LONGER GOES FOR GREASY KID STUFF, BUT HEY- HE ENJOYED THE DICKENS OUTA THIS ONE HERE! * The two travel to the edge of their world, learn to fly, swim, take a short trip into space; and eventually learn that they must somehow find, or \\"set free,\\" a lost or missing 'spell' but it's missing from \\"The Octavio.\\"  This chained up book of spells at the wizarding school is rather unsettled, if not angry- but why?  The 8th spell is missing and it is the key to saving their world.  See the movie, go on an amazing adventure, and be spellbound along with our characters in this comedic adventure filled with action, intrigue, treachery, and magical creatures, many landscapes as they travel far & wide - as they find the truth of things BOTH within and without of themselves.  ***  THIS ONE'S A REAL HIDDEN GEM THAT I AM SURPRISED DOES NOT CONTINUE TO PLAY MORE ON TELEVISION!!  ***  Amazing production, CGI, acting, directing, & scripting make this a treat for the whole family, and --as I hate to sound like a commercial ad - but indeed:  You want this in your collection, as we need to VOTE WITH OUR POCKETBOOKS IN SUPPORT OF MORE MOVIES LIKE THIS ONE.
B004XDYJRU|5.0|I was an iPhone user for a few years. I am not a big fan of fancy Apple stuff but one of the reasons I got it was to be able to have a multiple radio stations available on my phone while driving. And I drive a lot! Iphone was the only smart phone at that time that could offer it.  When I got tired of ATT gimmicks, dropped calls, resetings etc I decided to switch to Droid. However, one of my biggest concerns was to have similar features and apps I was using. After a few days of researching I found the TuneIn. When I straiten things up \\"droid vs iphone\\" I got my HTC Shift with Sprint service. And when I got my TuneIn Free version I was completely stunned! I realized that my old iPhone radio App was a complete bulls..t! Here is why     First, the TuneIn crashes a lot less.  Second, the quality of sound is much better  Third, I love the fact that it automatically changes the stream speed depending on the connection quality. It means no loss of sound even if you are out of 4G network.  Also,  Tons of radio stations, all languages, no adds, very simple to use, simple to preset stations and more.       Love it! Love it! Love it!    Big thank you to those who developed it! Like others already said, why use satellite?!
B002ZG981E|5.0|Whoa! Leo DiCaprio seems to ONLY do top notch work in top notch movies nowadays, and for some years now.  He not only tackles major issues & biopics/biographical in his cinematic masterpieces in the last several years, BUT now he has become a believable, yet vulnerable while flawed protagonist.  Who knew this kid would kid would go on to work so hard at his craft after his first few offerings as a teen heart throb.  He first won me over as \\"The Aviator,\\" and not as Romeo nor as Cameron's dying 'king of the world' in those icy waters either.  While I don't usually go for the main character dying at the end of the movie, as it kind of breaks from the traditional \\"Hollywood Formula:\\"  One of his best performances to be sure was in \\"Blood Diamond,\\" and it worked very well being a most impressive performance as well.  Inception is one that you will certainly NOT mind seeing again and again from time to time - as it has many layers, on the action, story, and human levels!  And that is a direct result of tremendous writing, acting, directing, and not too over-used CGIas well.  Word has it he is very hard working on the set, not a prima donna, helping to making the final product a synergistic tour de force.  He is surely one to watch as he grows with the industry.  His volunteer and activism is impressive as well, putting his resources to work for GOOD.  I think more actors would be more grounded (and stay a little more outa trouble if they followed in his example).  Young people wouldn't do too bad to continue to look up to his better facets.  Nicely done, kid!  \\"Inception\\" - we'd like to see more like this one.
0307887960|1.0|I agree with the nutritionist. Anything that tells you to consume diet soda does not have your good health in mind. Yes, you will lose weight, but will you be healthy?? Too much protein from meat and animal fat is murder on your kidneys, not to mention your heart. If you think skinny people don't have heart attacks, think again.     The problem is our food supply is nutritionally void in the US, therefore you eat, eat, eat and never feel satisfied, your body is craving the food you're supposed to eat so it tells you - EAT MORE. This combined with all processed food with all the chemicals, sugar, salt, etc which ramps up your appetite and makes you want more. Cut out all processed food, start reading labels and cut your total sugar intake to less than 25 grams a day, no alcohol either. Eat organically if possible and limit your intake of meat, GMO soy, and get most of your protein from veggies, legumes and things like quinoa. Basically the old rule, eat like your great-grandmother did. They didn't eat meat at every meal. It was a treat. So were sweet things like cake.     If you eat this way you will be amazed that not only you will feel 100% better, but you will drop weight relatively fast, and you will be healthy. Once you cut ALL processed foods, and limit your sugar, your appetite will return to normal and you won't want to overeat.  I started out my journey 75 lbs overweight with high blood pressure, high cholesteral, borderline diabetic, headaches every day, and now everything is not just normal, but fantastic. When I was a skinny minny 20 year old who could eat anything and not gain weight, my numbers were nowhere near this good. Being skinny does not neccessarily equal healthy.  And the not getting sick part, that's the best one. Not a headache, not a sniffle, no cold or flu, no allergies, in over two years.    And the best part? I eat potatoes!!!! Secret - they don't make you gain weight - it's the bacon, sour cream, and butter, that's the problem! Ditch thesugar free jello and eat REAL food!
B004QPOVE6|4.0|the long anticipated DVD from AC/DC's \\"black ice\\" tour is finally here.....and yes, it (mostly) delivers.<br /><br />visually, blu-ray owners will more than likely be impressed, especially when comparing it head-to-head with the \\"plaza de toros\\" or \\"donnington\\" blu-ray titles. owners of big-screen HDTVs will be just as impressed with the picture quality as the folks with typical screen sizes.<br /><br />performance-wise, the boys still play with more urgency than bands half-their age. having said that, occasionally the tempos might feel a tad slightly restrained on some of the quicker numbers (like \\"whole lotta rosie\\")....but then again, it'd be asking alot for them to play like it's 1977 again.<br /><br />crowd-wise, let's just say the band sure knows how to pick host cities for their official releases, that's for sure. i promise you, no one's gonna mistake this for a miley cyrus crowd.....<br /><br />setlist-wise, casual fans oughta eat it up. it's one classic track after another, and it's certainly a testimony as to how much well-known material the band has in their arsenal. on the other hand, some diehards might grumble about the choice of songs. take out the four new songs from \\"black ice\\" (for some reason, \\"anything goes\\" isn't included....don't know if it wasn't played, or played but not included), and you pretty much have the same songs you'll find on their other live releases. the most \\"obscure\\" track is arguably \\"dog eat dog\\", but even that song appears on the \\"plaza\\" release. of course it's understandable to include \\"go to\\" tracks like \\"you shook me all night long\\", \\"for those about to rock\\", \\"highway to hell\\", etc.....but some of the other songs should've been swapped out for lesser-known numbers, even if it was just for this one show (ala the \\"stiff upper lip\\" DVD).<br /><br />but the truth is, once you fire this up in your DVD player, the negatives will probably wash away & you'll be basking in the positives. pick this DVD up ASAP, then count down the days 'til the \\"let there be rock\\" DVD release....it's a good month to be an AC/DC fan.elease....it's a good month to be an AC/DC fan.
B0034G4P80|5.0|Superhero films are pretty much guaranteed to make a killing at the box office. It's mostly due to high anticipation, but also due to the fact that most studios seem to have been able to iron out the kinks over the years which lead to most of these films doing their source material justice while also just being great films in general. It hasn't always been that way though. Elektra and Punisher: War Zone practically bombed while films like X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men Origins: Wolverine resulted in more fans distancing themselves from the franchise rather than embracing it. With Marvel banking so much on The Avengers being not only a huge accumulation of characters that fans love but also an amazing assembly of talent, Thor is a film that pretty much had to be good to gain momentum for what was just over the horizon. Before I gave up being a full-time comic book nerd, I never really thought much of Thor. So I wasn't really sure what to expect going into this. I wasn't overly excited for the film even though it looked fairly incredible, but luckily Thor was able to offer a magnificent spectacle that all superhero films should strive to be.<br /><br />Thor still has that same atmosphere that any of the Marvel films since Iron Man have had, but at the same time seems to offer something that those films couldn't. A lot of it probably has to do with Asgard. This heavenly realm is unlike anything you've ever seen before and the special effects in the film are done well enough to be equally as impressive as Pandora in Avatar. Asgard is this spectacular kingdom in the sky that is incredibly extravagant and painted with gold. It's just breathtaking how well Thor was able to pull something like that off.<br /><br />The cast is really phenomenal, as well. Chris Hemsworth is a really solid choice for Thor. His height, his build, the way he carries himself, along with his facial expressions are just as vital to how Thor is portrayed as his appearance and his dialogue. Hemsworth nails it; all of it. Tom Hiddleston was also a scene stealer. Loki is a guy you know is up to no good right from the start, but Hiddleston portrays his underhanded deeds to perfection. Throw in the intensity he utilizes in the second half of the film and Loki turns out to be a villain you're going to crave to see more of. Anthony Hopkins deserves a mention, as well. Many of Hopkins' recent roles have been lacking that special something that made many of his most popular roles so great. He was a fantastic choice for Odin though. He reminds you why you considered him so talented in the first place. The only nitpick I have is that both Natalie Portman and Tadanobu Asano were a little disappointing and I was expecting more from them. Portman doesn't really do much besides look pretty and Tadanobu's Hogun just deserved a little more screen time. I'm a huge fan of just about every Tadanobu Asano film out there though, so that could just be the fanboy in me talking.<br /><br />Thor may be the loudest film I've ever seen in theaters. The film is mostly action to begin with, so it's guaranteed to be loud. But it just seemed louder than usual, especially any scene involving The Destroyer.  That's not a bad thing; not at all. I'd rather have a film be too loud than too quiet any day.<br /><br />Thor is an extravagant looking film dripping with spellbinding special effects, a fantastic cast overflowing with talent, and a captivating story that holds your interest from beginning to end. Thor has enough character development to introduce new characters while also leaving enough room to expand on their origins in the forthcoming sequels you'll be itching for by the time you see Thor swing Mjolnir for the last time. The superhero spectacular also offers a fair amount of heart amongst its waves of depth while also delivering incredibly loud and explosive action sequences. Words almost don't seem to do the film justice. Thor is imaginative, charming, and the definition of what an introductory superhero film should be. It could arguably be the best Marvel film to date.d be. It could arguably be the best Marvel film to date.
B000PMLFRA|5.0|Come on, you're going to buy it, we all know you are gonna buy it. Quit giving it 1 star because Lucas couldn't care less about what you think. The only thing that hurt it is the Han/Greedo thing, its not that big of a deal, calm down, go outside, get some fresh air.
B002ZG99QS|4.0|On the surface, Tron Legacy is a Sci/Tech-Fi fantasy, a visual and audible thrill ride. It does this very well indeed, with the appropriate jeopardy, humor, and human interest: a son's quest to find his father that becomes the father's quest to save his son.     But there is a great deal more in this film, and one can debate how much was deliberate and how much flowed from human nature and the essential purposes of fiction and drama.     Superficially, the authors of this film made execellent use of various tropes, including our memories of Triumph of the Will, Casablanca, Caberet, and even a bit of the Batman visual mythos (watch for a character waddling off like the Penguin!). There are also throwaway references to the various left-wing preoccupations of our time--yet the film celebrates both the value of the individual over the collective and the precedence of the mysterious, the numinous, and the supernatural over mere human creation, all deeply conservative values. (Look for the website of the author of  [[ASIN:1557788367 One Cosmos under God: The Unification of Matter, Life, Mind and Spirit]] to explore these topics.)     The mysterious, the numinous, and the supernatural are represented by beings who simply \\"came into existance\\" because \\"the circumstances were right\\", offending a naive sense of perfection and fitness and providing a moral issue that is treated all too briefly. They are presented as being uncreated, which is metaphysical and ontological nonsense. If they came about because the conditions are right, then there are two influences at work: the hidden rules that declare what the right circumstances are, and do the creating; and the agents who bring those circumstances about. The former corresponds to the Sky-Father and the latter to the Earth-Mother (or the Earth-Mother's father). Thus does the world's creator become their mother or grandfather, with some creepy overtones near the end of the story.     Their mysteries can be captured in a simple question: does Quorra have a navel?
0439023521|5.0|This book is a must-read. Suzanne Collins does a wonderful job of bringing you into the world she has created. From the first chapter you are sucked in, always wanting to know what will happen next.<br /><br />This book has many strong points. First is the setting--America in the future. America is long since gone, and you find yourself trying to guess which former states might be District 12 and the Capital. The world and time the story takes place in is brutal and violent, but there aren't a lot of graphic sections. Violence is strongly hinted at and takes place. However, it is missing the copious blood, guts and gore often found in young adult fiction and horror. While there is a lot of action in the book, most of the conflict comes from the main characters' basic survival needs: food, water, shelter, etc.<br /><br />A minor sticking point was the lack of sufficient motivation for the characters to want to kill each other. There is an understanding that if the players in the Hunger Games do not kill one another, the \\"game makers\\" will start using the arena to kill off people. The players in the Hunger Games are randomly chosen by lottery from a vast pool of contestants in their mid-teens. I find it unlikely that a group of twenty-four children ranging from twelve to eighteen would be willing to kill each other without provocation. This issue is a minor one. Sometimes in fiction you just have to accept some things.<br /><br />This book is ideal for people in their late teens and beyond. Due to the overall theme of brutality and the story involves kids, I would not recommend this book for younger audiences. If you are into books with great action and compelling storylines that keep you on the edge of your seat, the Hunger Games should be at the top of your reading pile.
B0008ENIAC|5.0|I have seen this movie perhaps 20 times in the last 40 years and still, the impact is there.  What an amazing ensemble cast. Joan Crawford, Ann Blyth, Zachary Scott, Jack Carson, Eve Arden and Bruce Bennett. The beginning is actually the end, but the twists and turns keep you on the edge of your seat. Why DON'T they make movies like that anymore?    A must see.
B003XDZNLW|5.0|I ordered these after trying them on in a store.  I have a narrow foot, and these fit much better than the normal Crocs.  They are extremely comfortable, too.  I highly recommend them.
B003XREL98|5.0|in this case the book is good as the movie or even better.forster writes a very evocative story. i suggest that if you enjoy this book,you must read his other novels.
B00004YRQA|2.0|To all that purchase pre-owned products. Please make sure you know the item works, so you do not have to return it. This memory card that I just bought does not even work. I just had to go buy another one that actually does. I would advise that you purchase through a Amazon fulfilled vendor and not anyone else. My kid was so upset at the fact that this item didnt work.
0930289234|3.0|I read this a while ago, before the movie or the Times picked up on it. The comic itself isn't so bad, but the characters aren't written or scripted in a way that would make me share some type of feelings with them. There are only a couple twists, and the whole story itself is pretty complete I felt, meaning they pretty much covered all their bases (history) with the characters and kept to the story for the main part. A few dialogues could of been removed as it seem to break away from the theme of the comic, otherwise it was an okay read, nothing great.<br /><br />I know once the movie was in production this novel has been hyped as much as 'The Dark Knight', and I would definitely recommend reading the novel instead of watching the movie because it was, for lack of better words, god awful.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|this dvd set was awesome, and the seller even sent me a note with his personal cell phone on it, if there happened to be any problems with the set! THANK U!!! I will buy from you alwaysl....
B0000TAZBK|5.0|3 discs of an epic soundtrack. You could listen to it all day. There really isn't more to be said.
B004E2XAFW|2.0|I was compelled to write a review, in order to disagree with all these 5 star ratings and provide a different opinion. I apologise for the very low rating, but I truly feel extremely disappointed with this album.    I have been following Within Temptation from their excellent \\"Mother Earth\\" release. The band always had this unique symphonic rock/metal touch in their music and Sharon den Adel's amazingly beautiful and crystal clear vocals.    On this new release the band choose to throw away their sound and their unique approach to vocals as well. The best way to describe the music on the album is mainstream pop-rock bordering on glam-rock. I seriously got the feeling that I was listening to a rockier version of Avril Lavigne (no joke). Most songs sound the same, the songwriting is uninspired, there are electro elements scattered around and surprisingly most of the vocals sound like your above average pop-rock female singer. There are some catchy moments and some good guitar riffs at parts, but this is overall a very safe and radio friendly album which fully justifies the 'sell-out' accusations.    The only noteworthy tracks are \\"Shot In The Dark\\" and the single \\"Faster\\". The first is a mid tempo ballad like song, while \\"Faster\\" is a mid to slow tempo pop-rock track. Even though these 2 are the standout songs, they pale in comparison to older fan favourites like 'Stand My Ground' and 'Ice Queen'.    The band's previous release \\"The Heart Of Everything\\" was also a step down, when compared to their masterpieces \\"Mother Earth\\" and \\"The Silent Force\\", but it still contained some very good songs, amazing vocals and preserved the band's sound/identity. This album is just disappointing from all perspectives. A shame...Buyer be ware!
B00006IUL6|3.0|I love Christopher Nolan and the filmmaking is first-rate even in this more formulaic type of movie. Basically, it's a thriller but the setting in Alaska in the always daylight summertime there makes the movie what it is.<br /><br />Now I'm not a big fan at all of Hillary Swank (sorry, those gigantic teeth and her being Steve Sanders' annoying girlfriend at one point on \\"Beverley Hills, 90210\\" just can never be erased from my brain) or Robin Williams on the big screen but I at least found them tolerable and believable in this. Meaning they must be good actors for me to overcome my completely prejudiced views of their whole body of work.<br /><br />Anyway, in no way shape or form is this anywhere near as great as Inception, Memento or Following which both contain the same sort of themes of playing with time and people's perceptions of time as well as using the location as really a major part of the film. Throw in the whole Nolan obsession with the human mind and that's where Insomnia is at. Problem is it's at its base level this is still a murder mystery of which way too much gets revealed at the start when Al Pacino shoots his fellow cop accidentally on purpose early in the movie. Don't worry it's not a spoiler as the audience sees and knows this on screen very early in the flick.<br /><br />I would say it is worth watching but I think it suffers mainly in comparison to Nolan's other majestically brilliant work. Taken on its own, it's a decent almost film noir in some ways and well worth seeing even if it doesn't stack up to Nolan's other films.
B00095NX9G|4.0|I loved how much there is on these dvds but was a little disappointed with the yoga bit of it...I found it a tad boring and too repetitive. I'm more of a vinyasa girl myself. Rachel is great at explaining things and all around lovely.
B0012QE4Q2|5.0|Not only is this a pretty decent costume drama (check out the water wing sleeves on Henry VIII's clothes in some scenes) but it's amazingly a new take on arguably one of the England's most bizarre royals.<br /><br />Now I don't quite understand how the entire nation of England cannot produce actors to play English historical figures but having an Australian (Eric Bana) and two Americans (Natalie Portman and Scarlett Johanssen) in the lead roles works out fine.<br /><br />The Other Boleyn Girl is about the Boleyn sisters and is an incredibly overlooked part of British history (even if a lot of the ideas on their relationship with each other and Henry may be more in the author's mind than what actually may have happened) but all the more fascinating. Who'd have thought there was anything more to mine from the Henry VIII vaults but there was in this movie.<br /><br />Needless to say you get all the court intrigue, backstabbing and sex on a stick. What makes it all the more fantastic are the elaborate detailed sets, the often Vermeer-like quality to the camera shots where we peer through doors, archways and any opening where light shines through to give a somewhat voyeuristic feel to many of the secrets of the court.<br /><br />It's also a look at how badly women were treated back then (pretty as chattel) and how men manipulated women for political gain. Throw in the DVD extras which are superb. They include a look at what life was like for women in the Tudor age as well, a rundown of each central character and some more nuggets in which the actors, producers, director, the author of the book the movie is based on and some noted scholars throw in their two farthings' worth.<br /><br />As far as reviews here that compare it to the book, these people need to watch the extras again as even the author says it would have been impossible to film the entire book and that the movie (which she loves) adds a bunch of necessary background needed prior to the Boleyn sisters entering court.
B00004RF98|5.0|My 3-year old grandson likes to sing the \\"Good Mornin'\\" song, which he's heard on TV.  I thought he might want to hear the original, plus see some wonderful dancing.  He was FASCINATED.  Maybe I can get him hooked on other oldies-but-goodies like this one.
B003L77GRO|5.0|Like another reviewer stated, I can hardly believe the people who posted such negative reviews watched the same show I did! Having watched all 5 seasons now, I feel the show just gets better as it goes along (though I wasn't as fond of Season 2 as Season 1 and the others. ) After Season 4's triumphant and super-creepy performance by John Lithgow, not to mention the absolutely shocking and devastating finale, I too wondered how they could top themselves. Well, they did, with the most horrifying portrait(s) of pure, unalloyed, sadistic evil yet showcased on the  series -- at least Jimmy Smits and Lithgow had their reasons, no matter how twisted. We have some suspense involving the nanny, Quinn, Peter Weller's character, and the club shooting + the annoying new female detective (?), but by far the emotional burden of the series is carried by Julia Styles as Lumen, who does an outstanding job in an extremely difficult story arc. She's completely believable as a horrifically abused victim on the brink of death who goes through all kinds of emotions as she struggles to reclaim her shattered life and become a survivor -- I love the scene when she makes scrambled eggs for Astor and Olivia -- \\"Good hangover food\\" -- and then advises Dex not to rat on them, that they've suffered enough for their little drinking spree. Speaking of Olivia, I really loved the scene when Dex takes on her mom's abusive boyfriend, explaining in clinical detail just why everything he's doing to him hurts so much and why Olivia was so terrified of the same abuse he doled out to her. Scenes like these, plus Dex's growing relationship with Lumen, show him developing into more of a human being with feelings, as other reviewers have noted -- even the killing in the shed, though not by any means altruistic nor in line with Harry's Code, shows a human response by someone under incredible grief and stress who has just been pushed over the edge. I look forward to Season 6 eagerly -- if they top Seasons 5 &6, I will be truly impressed. I knew Michael C. Hall had cancer and have been hoping he would recover, but am sad to learn of his divorce from Jennifer Carpenter. I hope things improve for both of these talented actors who have brought us 5 seasons of fine TV.
0140157352|5.0|I'm glad that I was able to receive the book in record time after ordering it.    Thanks  Maximilla
B004SBS8LA|1.0|would give it many more stars if the progression sequence actually progressed. not sure if an update is needed or if the program cant see it is may or what but third set of screens needs to open.
B004XWLN20|3.0|I would very much like to buy this spectacular item....in Blu-ray. Their is no reason to buy it in standard definition nowadays, it's not worth the price. Extras look good, but I wont buy unless it's in blu-ray.
B002WYH5N2|5.0|This movie is wonderful! The book is much better but this movie does it justice. It's based on a classic and it is great! I received it very quickly and in PERFECT condition! I was expecting a few scratches but it is perfect. The price for this movie is GREAT. its about twenty to thirty dollars at book stores or movie stores. I'm so glad I found it here. Thank You amazon!!
B0049P1ZZQ|4.0|I love this show.  I've been a fan of The Walking Dead since day one when I purchased the original books years ago.  Even though this show has some differences from the books, I still enjoy the program very much.  That is the reason why I jumped on season one at the $27 price here on Amazon for the Blu-ray version.<br /><br />My reason for the four star rating has little to do with the content of the show, but rather is a complaint about the quality of the Blu-ray.  I watch this show through my PS3 in 1080p on an LG LCD TV, and I am disappointed in many scenes.  The video quality looks like the show was shot in improperly lit scenes with a Canon dSLR set on a high ISO.  There is way too much grain in the shots done in the forest or inside of rooms.  It is distracting and annoying to see this on a Blu-ray edition.  What makes it so frustrating is that in many shots, ones that are well lit, this issue does not exist.<br /><br />Maybe I have unrealistic expectations in hoping for Hollywood film quality Blu-ray resolution from a TV show.  Even so, I think this is something that takes away from the quality of the presentation.  The difference between the price on the DVD and Blu-ray editions is about $5, so I would suggest someone who owns both go ahead and get the Blu-ray.  That said, I would like to see the difference between the DVD in an up-converting player (like my PS3) and the Blu-ray.<br /><br />In spite of that minor complaint, I still love the show and can't wait for season two.
B004KA9MQO|5.0|I Love this CD.. I have always wanted to get her music since she starred in Dream Girls, and so I decided to get her new CD and I love it.. I know all the songs and I sing them while I am driving.. If you like Good Music and you like Jennifer Hudson, then buy this CD.. Its the Bomb!!
B0021L8V0M|3.0|I did not see any reviews or trailers before I watched Salt, so it surprised me. I thought it was going to be more comedic, as in Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Instead, Angelina plays a Russian in a role more similar to the Bourne series or Mission Impossible movies.<br /><br />Either way, you know it's a Hollywood movie with a mega star and budget, so there will be special effects galore, a semblance of a plot with holes large enough to drive a truck through - pop corn movie? Yup, that's the sum of it.  Some of it is predictable, there were some surprises, the ending was so obviously a set up for the sequel - couldn't they have been a little more subtle?<br /><br />This movie certainly did not exhaust anyone's acting skills, nor will it ever be considered art. But it is entertaining, fast paced. I'll rent the sequel, but not buy the DVD.
B004ZISVWC|5.0|(Saw this movie on Amazon Video on Demand at the pre-theatrical release price).<br /><br />While this movie is clearly carrying genes inherited from its predecessors such as The Blair Witch Project and Cloverfield, Trollhunter manages to be far more than a mere clone. It is filmed with an unassuming panache which keeps it fresh and entertaining throughout.  It stands apart as much as for its distinctly non-Hollywood feel and style as for the subject matter, and while it falls short of being truly scary, nevertheless it has moments of high excitement and you're never quite sure how the story will unfold (though the ending is something you can see coming a 200-foot-tall mountain off!). The dour and mysterious Troll Hunter himself makes an atypical and fun central character, and the trolls themselves make sufficient appearances to satisfy without turning the movie into Where The Wild Things Are.
3836503050|4.0|This is a good selection of Gil's work, and a great reference text, but not the entire collection.  Images from the 1940's right through to the 70's with a variety of cheeky and more tame images.
B001E45XT4|2.0|Just what the review says, I've got no gripes about the headphones themselves, that would be, if i could still use them. The plastic on the band snapped, So i can't really use a pair of headphones that don't stay on my head.
B002RI9MWA|4.0|Entertaining, and provocative thumpingly allegoric discussion of the changing nature of the U.S.'s relationship with, well, fundamentally, the East, but also others of the Third World on whose toes it has tramped. Changez \\"changes\\", (get it?) Initially, he loves (Am)Erica, who - because of her former lover (Chris-tendom) is unable to forget and move on OR accept Changez as his replacement.<br />The setting is a tea-shop in a middle-eastern marketplace; bustling and busy by day, but which changes to become (vaguely) threatening and dark, by night. Changez tells his life-story to an annamed, armed(!) American, relating his transformation from (Iran-like) outsider infatuated with America and the West to a fundamentalist whose views are sharply critical of the interventionist and paternalistic attitudes and behaviours of the U.S.<br />The book is entertaining, but curiously flat - the voice occasionally grates, sounds contrived and 'preachy' (which it is - I get that - but should it so obviously READ like that?). The end is left perched - but ominously so!
B004GJYROG|5.0|This video is really funny and entertaining. I love the special effects with Michael Jordan and the cartoon characters. Great family movie.  Amazon is great with prices and very informative when it comes to your purchases. I like that they send you an email when the merchandise is shipped. I purchase most of my movies from them and other items. I shop a lot with Amazon.
B004SEVPWQ|4.0|The best pool game ever. Sometimes my cue does not show up in online play. The fix will make it a five star. Moto droid.
0425241505|5.0|A mixture of Karen Moning and Nalini Singh - I found this author hit all the right notes for me. strong, protective, possessive, sexy, alpha male type meets his strong, unique woman/mate. Harrison has created a fantasy world that makes it ok for a 21st century independent woman to sink into this popular storyline. great lead characters, and introduction of intriguing characters for following novels. Look forward to the next installment!
B004A8ZWSS|4.0|A throwback to films like ARABESQUE, CHARADE and other 60's \\"romantic suspense\\" films, THE TOURIST is a stylish, exotic caper.<br />Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie bring their marketable star power to good effect as our star-crossed lovers.  Sumptuously filmed in Venice and Paris, THE TOURIST languishes along with chase scenes and moderate action sequences until its clever finale.<br />An entertaining but not classic film.  Supporting players Timothy Dalton, Paul Bettany and Stephen Dorff add some pizzazz and of course Depp and Jolie are charming.  You could certainly do worse.
0060555661|5.0|I'm only on page 200 of this book, but boy has it kept my attention! I am not much of a reader and usually find it hard to get through books. But this has kept me reading.  The commentary written in 2003 (in both footnote form and at the end of each chapter) provides a nice change of pace from the original authors writing style.  In fact, the commentary is the best part.  It is also interesting that, for the most part, everything Graham said back in 1972 still applies today, which is why you should buy this book!
B004EN9WCQ|5.0|(note: this review is for a music class offered at UVa)       This album is very unique and surprisingly similar to some of the music that I have listened to in the technosonics class (MUSI 2350). I would recommend listening to the tracks in their order, because some pieces are well connected with the ones before and after, making it a very smooth and cohesive listening experience. Also the music in this album is very slow, and the transitions between songs are very well done. Albeit the artist recycled a lot of sounds in different tracks in this album, it never gets boring and there are always surprises in the music.        Starting from Être, which is the intro of the album, the artist used the water wave sounds and synthetic sounds as background, and paired them with some very heavily frequency-domain-edited vocals without rhythm or melody. This intro immediately reminded me of Word Pudding by Johnathan Zorn, Kits Beach Soundwalk by Hildegard Westerkamp, and Come Out by Steve Reich. It also reminded me of the second assignment which is the soundscape composition, because this track combined natural and synthetic sounds with many effects and modulation of the sounds. This intro also reflects the style and the atmosphere of the entire album - slow, soothing, combination of natural and synthetic sounds and full of surprises.        Other pieces of music in this album are similar to this intro. However, a lot of them incorporated melodies and rhythm using sampled vocals, and synthesized and natural sounds, which meshed very well with the electroacoustic atmosphere. The melodies really impressed me because they are quite exotic and multi-cultural. This is probably due to the multi-cultural background of Nicolas Jaar, who was born in New York City and raised in Chile until he turned eleven. Most of the tracks have a lot of layers of sounds (e.g., Balance her in between your eyes), and a lot of them are similar in structures.  Several of them started simply with a fewambient and artificial sounds and eventually progressed to beautiful melodies and ecstatic rhythms. Some pieces are relatively simple, for example, \\"Variation\\" is a piece in which the background and foreground remained the same sound sources but slowly changing in timbre and texture, creating an intriguing effect of sounds. This particular piece of music reminded me of Enertia by our TA Yuri Spitsyn.        The entire album reminded me of Jazz, Blues, plunderphonics, and musique concrète (developed by Pierre Schaeffer in late 1940s). I have never listened to any music that combined heavily sampled instrumental, vocals, and synthetic sounds and gave them the feel of Jazz and Blues music. As we all know that techno music tend to be very fast paced and heavily rhythmic nowadays, Jaar's creative spin on electroacoustic music in this album seem to have given traditional style music (such as jazz and blues) a fresh makeover. This album is also full of distinct emotions, which is very opposite to the modern techno music that is dominated by loops and beats. I think that Jaar has created his own form of music that crossed the boundaries of genre and cultures in this album. I admire his experimental spirit and creativity in making this fantastic album.
159420229X|5.0|[[ASIN:159420229X Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything]]      This is a great book.  It is useful, funny and easy reading.  I am trying some of the techniques of remembering everything. They take a lot of practice. The history of remembering is very entertaining and informative.  We have so many forms of information storage that we have forgotten (pardon the pun) how information was stored before printing, computers, electronic books, video tape, etc. I strongly recommend  buying it.
B004UID2LC|5.0|Works great best one on the market as far as I am aware. Does what it is supposed to do, and puts the most watched video on top. Droid 3 Global
B004IQMXD4|4.0|I have been a huge Stevie fan for 30 years and while some of her albums fare better than others, I enjoyed \\"In Your Dreams\\" very much. Stevie is breaking no new ground here, but she has fine-tuned her singing to make the most of who she is. Dave Stewart, who produced much of Sinead O'Connor's outstanding \\"Faith and Courage\\" and Glen Ballard, who brought Alanis Morrisette into the mainstream with \\"Jagged Little Pill\\" have done a good job producing this album. \\"Secret Love\\" could have been a Fleetwood Mac song and it still sounds fresh, though it was written in 1976. Stevie can do heartbreak songs as well as anyone, and her vocals on \\"Everybody Loves You\\" are among her best.Very rarely has Stevie done a vocal that is all over the map with emotional power and I have been convinced for 20 years that \\"Ghosts\\" from TOSOTM was a on -of-a-kind magic trick but \\"Italian Summer\\" equals it. I also enjoyed the closer \\"Cheaper than Free,\\" despite sugary lyrics. I had my doubts about \\"Moonlight (A Vampire's Dream)\\" but the song works well once it gets a chugging beat going, a la \\"Planets of the Universe.\\". It seems to be a combination of her classic demo songs \\"Forest of the Black Roses\\" and \\"Lady From the Mountain.\\" It took me several listens to get into \\"Annabel Lee,\\" but I like the intricate lyrics. What is missing here, at least for me, is a true, \\"in your face\\" rock song. After the chugging, intense \\"Planets of the Universe\\" and the tough \\"Trouble in Shangri-La\\" or even the stalker-like \\"Blue Denim,\\" \\"In Your Dreams\\" seems benign. When Stevie tries to rock on \\"Ghosts are Gone,\\" it is too long and too strange to hit home. But that flaw only slightly marrs a good album.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I would love to buy a BR set with the original, as seen in theatres, and just clean it up like any other br dvd. After that go ahead and go cgi crazy, just make sure I don't have to buy a bootl... unauthorized copy to get the orig. on br dvd.
B00192IV9U|1.0|Michael Jackson would never have release such an obviously album full of garbage that he most likely left in the vault for. a. reason. I won't bash the track that Akon did, because what would be the point in blasting a waste of an audio file made by a talentless hack (yup, I blasted it, oh well). If you hear that track and listen to MJ's vocals, they used that audio-tune mess on his vocals...listen to me, they-used-some-of-those-audio-tune-mess-on-his-vo-cals!<br /><br />This is Michael Jackson for the love of Bhudda! On a bad day his vocals would crush anyone's GOOD day, and to appease the knuckleheads that like that crap they do this?!<br /><br />The rest of the tracks weren't worth the effort to put on this album, and on of the tracks you can get on his 5 disc boxset with a dvd of him performing live (very nice booklet that came with it, also).<br /><br />Whoever authorized this album be made needs to be knocked out! This does the man no service and blemishes his artistic talent and legacy.<br /><br />I never want to meet Akon.
B004LAIU4I|3.0|Paul Simon himself has expressed his belief that \\"So Beautiful or So What\\" is his best album in 20 years (although with \\"You're The One\\" and \\"Capeman\\" in that stretch, not exactly much to brag about). Elvis Costello hypes the work in the CD's liner notes. Critics in the major rags are comparing it to \\"Graceland.\\" Me? Too much hype for what is, basically, an old songwriter taking the time to explore his relationship with God and a Guitar.<br /><br />Granted, the songs on \\"So Beautiful\\" feel more lyrical than anything since \\"Graceland,\\" but that doesn't make it a classic. Simon is again exploring the tricky interchange between rhythms and melody, which does merit the \\"Graceland\\" comparisons. Only on the song \\"Dazzling Blue\\" do all the separate parts fully integrate, more often than not, they merely grate. The novelty of working a sermon from 1941 into the opening song \\"Waiting for Christmas Day\\" wears out its welcome pretty fast. Frankly, there are way too many \\"God and his only son,\\" heaven, afterlife and the glory of creation songs here for my tastes. If I really wanted a gospel album, I'd have gone searching for one. A fine line exists between the Spiritual and the Religious, and \\"So Beautiful\\" crosses it far too often.<br /><br />Where Simon excels, as usual, are on the ballads. \\"Dazzling Blue\\" and \\"Questions for The Angels\\" are worth the cost of the CD, and the second half of \\"Love and Hard Times\\" is beautiful. Simon also shows his sense of humor/irony on \\"Rewrite,\\" where a lost soul tries to redeem himself, and on \\"The Afterlife,\\" where, no matter how good or noteworthy your life has been, you still have to do the paperwork. The title song, finally, may sum up why the album is garnering the hype it has. Simon has spent much of his career trying to string a tightwire between the glorious and the horrific, and at his best (\\"American Tune,\\" \\"Bridge Over Troubled Water,\\" \\"My Little Town\\") he has created songs worthy of the great American songbook. The song \\"So Beautiful or So What\\" aims for that pantheon, and comes pretty darn close to making the mark.<br /><br />That makes four really good songs surrounded by five others that reflect past glories. As Paul Simon begins encroaching into an advanced age (he recently hit 69,) there's nothing wrong with writing good songs that recall the greatness of your past. Like the Elton John/Leon Russell album \\"The Union,\\" there's nothing wrong with making albums that are thoughtful and strongly made. It's just not fair to be calling \\"So Beautiful or So What\\" an instant classic. It's certainly not a \\"So What,\\" but it's also no \\"Still Crazy After All These Years.\\"aims for that pantheon, and comes pretty darn close to making the mark.     That makes four really good songs surrounded by five others that reflect past glories. As Paul Simon begins encroaching into an advanced age (he recently hit 69,) there's nothing wrong with writing good songs that recall the greatness of your past. Like the Elton John/Leon Russell album \\"The Union,\\" there's nothing wrong with making albums that are thoughtful and strongly made. It's just not fair to be calling \\"So Beautiful or So What\\" an instant classic. It's certainly not a \\"So What,\\" but it's also no \\"Still Crazy After All These Years.\\"
B004TJ1H3C|5.0|They are not releasing it on blu-Ray (at least now) becuase season 1 did not sell too well on Blu-Ray. so they are trying to save money.<br />But the series itself is awesome. If you have not seen it yet, you Have to !!!<br />It is the best stargate series yet to date by far.<br />the VFX is the best I have ever seen, and the charcters Eli and Dr. rush are the best !<br />This is what real Sci-fi is all about. It is such a shame that SYFY cancelled the show.The show was just starting to get really good, then those idiots who run SYFY decide to cancel it and now it turns out they will not be making a movie to finish it off.<br /> I say \\"BOOOOO\\" to SYFY you guys suck !
B0002OERI0|5.0|This album is an eloquently wrote book. \\"American Idiot\\" is an excellent song that describes the stupid decisions that were made for this country by not so smart people. It's not an anti-American song, but rather, anti-political song. \\"Holiday\\" is a song about why war is worthless, in their opinion. Though, I may disagree with some of the words in both of these songs, it speaks to so many hearts. The rest of the album is broken down into a fictional character, \\"Jesus of Suburbia\\" who turns into \\"St. Jimmy.\\" This character has a disturbed life. He starts as an innocent, unhappy boy, who then walks alone, turns into a rebel, falls in love with someone called \\"what's her name\\" feels pain and takes drugs, and then realizes that his life in the first place wasn't so bad. All these songs describe the thought process, and possibly, the true life of many teenagers into their young adulthood.
1439181780|4.0|If you are wondering how to implement all the amazing concepts you learned in The Secret, read  and live The Power. This is a very inspirational read that will impact how you live your life. I'm currently seeking employment as are a multitude of others. This book gives me hope and assurance that despite all the odds I will \\"Land\\" a job. I especially like the advice on how to do with negative people and remain.
0307387178|5.0|I first saw the movie of this and didn't know there was a book. I thought the movie was great. Very interesting, yet sad. One of my friends knew that I liked the movie and as a gift sent me the book. I thought the book was great. Very well written and interesting!
B004LUHQ1G|5.0|Album is one of the best rock albums of all time.    White Limo promotion with the Garage Tours they're doing = Brilliant.    Shared their full album on Facebook to stream free = Interesting move that tested new waters.    Full album recorded live in Studio 606 and published on YouTube in 1080p = Front row seats at a private concert.    Foo Fighters = Innovation = Success.
B004SBS8LA|3.0|will get 5 stars if they can have the next months ready by the 3 of the month...still waiting on may...some have it some dont...why?
B0037KMHRY|4.0|Dropped it in the PS3, cranked up the Rotel, blasted the B&Ws and shook the house. This soundtrack is really fun to listen to casually or intently. Our whole family loves it. The quality is superb, and the case presentation is very slick. We've listened to the whole thing multiple times, at home, in the car, at work - and still enjoy it.    The bad news: It's a flat-black CD (on the bottom). It looks very much like a vinyl LP - which is very cool - and matches the Tron:Legacy aesthetic - unfortunately, Apple computers are racist and won't play black CDs. I had to take it to work and rip it on a Winderz box so I could get the music on my iPhone.    The case - though cool, is made of cardboard and doesn't close - it just folds over. This allows for the insert to fall out if you turn it upside down and since it's a paper product, it's not going to be as durable as a regular jewel case - especially with kids.
B0042RUMJG|5.0|After having spent over 35 years in the music industry as a player and audio equipment nerd. This in my humble opinion is absolutely the best (blu ray)audio, video, production, arrangements, etc. that I've ever heard and seen.  To me this is the standard that all artists should strive for.  You must have this.  I listen to it over and over and never get tired of it.
B004R63MWQ|3.0|Overall the movie was ok, but it could have been better.  Not surprisingly it was strongly influenced by the original which is fine, but the parts it did add seemed lackluster.  The goofy nightclub scene nothing and some of the other new concepts in the movie (like the new race of programs) were glossed over.<br /><br />Its not bad, but its not great.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|love this game! but i just finished getting all 3 stars and finding all hidden pineapples and bananas. now the wait begins for the next installment this month. Cant wait to see what they came up with this time!
B004LL1HM4|5.0|It's so raw and honest...that sounds pretentious but it is. Definitely get this one. It's much more personal than their s/t and is just track after track of pure greatness.
B004FUPK3I|5.0|I should point out that I'm a pretty big Argento fan, so my review should be taken as such.  Of all of Argento's films, my two favorites alternate between Suspiria and Inferno.  It seems that no matter how many times I rewatch those films, they actually get better with each new viewing, (usually the opposite happens).  Each of those films have a certain unique aesthetic value and atmosphere.    With that being said, while I would recommend Suspiria to a first time Argento viewer, Inferno is actually the last of his good films which I'd recommend.  While Suspiria tried to have somewhat of a plot, Inferno's plot is pretty weak and sometimes hard to follow.   I think another problem people have with this film is while its a sequel to Suspiria and has a similar look and feel, its a very different film, this film can't be approached as a sequel.  It also further moves away from his early films in that instead of using the normal Goblin soundtrack it uses a Keith Emerson score which has a more piano/classical music feel to it.   I actually hated the film the first time I watched it, but every time I've seen it since the plot gets clearer, the visuals get better and I love the film more and more.  It seems that many of the Argento's I loved on the first watch can't even come close to holding up on rewatches like this film.     As for the Bluray release, the transfer is beautiful.  Of course I'm comparing this to the Anchor Bay / Blue Underground (2007) DVD release and it looks like a completely different film.  If you have those older disks this is well worth the upgrade.  As for the reviewer who complains that this release isn't as up to par as Tron, I've not seen Tron so I can't comment on that, but usually the italian films from this era use a cheaper film stock so the original film quality wouldn't have been as good as tron (I don't know if Inferno is this same way or if its BU's fault, the transfer looks beautiful to me).    The supplements are few but good.      Thetrailer seems to be a straight transfer from the SD disk, it should be watched only after the film since its full of spoilers, I do find it intersting just how much the trailer tries to make this a fast paced horror film instead of the slow atmospheric film it truly is.     There is an interview with Argento and L.Bava, this also seems to be a SD transfer from the Anchor Bay disk.  Its worth watching as well, especially for the sections where it talks about M. Bava having a part in the special effects, in a way this is one of the last films the great Bava worked on before he died. His visuals/effects work very well with Argento's vision.    There are two new interviews with the brother and sister in the film (Leigh McCloskey and Irene Miracle).  Both of these interviews are about 15 minutes each and I found them interesting.  I do wish they would have been longer.      Overall if you're an inferno fan and have the older Anchor Bay / non SE Blue Underground disk then this is an essential upgrade, the transfer looks great and its like watching the film in a different light.  If the viewer is new to Argento, while I love this film, there are probably better places to start.  I'd recommend The Bird with the Crystal Plumage as an accessible starter film.  Suspiria (hopefully it will get a bluray release soon) and Deep Red are also two brilliant films to begin with.      In short thanks Blue Underground for giving us another great transfer of a marvelous film!  I can't wait for the releases of Deep Red and The Cat O' Nine Tails.
0375413405|5.0|This is a wonderful cookbook - step by step and you can be a French Chef too.  Everything I have made has tasted fabulous.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I find this game to be a little more fun than the original Angry Birds...however could just be that it has different targets.
0451529065|5.0|Many, if not most, non-fiction works do not age well, as further evidence is brought and the theories exposed are refined. And this is perfectly normal, in the usual course of science: theories are made to shift, to adapt in order to best model what they were intended to.    Yet Darwin's \\"The Origin Of Species\\" is one of the very few truly visionary works. Darwin has laid the foundations of the only process known in nature capable of creating information ; the closest we'll ever get to violating the second law of thermodynamics. His work is today more actual than ever.    However, for a non-scientific audience, I would suggest reading a more thouroughly explained book, such as Dawkins' \\"The Greatest Show On Earth\\", in order not to fall into fallacies such as the claims that \\"it is just a theory\\", etc.
0143117009|5.0|I chose to write my book review on Collapse because the cover got my attention  instantly. Over the past few years, I've been getting increasingly nervous about the  condition of the Earth and society as a whole due to both climate change, but also  human disasters like the BP oil spill and housing/banking crisis.    In this book, Jared Diamond establishes a trustworthy voice of reason by explaining his  allegiance both to nature but also close friends who have stakes in business, (a common  factor in natural damage). He understands the problems, but he does not point a finger  at anyone. That's the first reason I got into the book is that it did not come off as  preachy, but completely informational. As a reader, and human living on this planet, you  can listen to what he has to say, or ignore it at everyone's peril.    Basically what Diamond does is describe five circumstances, or causes, that contribute  to a decline in civilization. They are hostile neighbors, friendly neighbors (trade), climate  change, human effects on the environment, and the fifth and most important is how the  civilization reacts to the damage. The fifth is so important becaue it alone seems to  determine the fate of some civilizations, because if some of them chose to respond  differently to a changing environment, maybe they would have survived. A really tricky  aspect of these five points is that they are both interwoven and unrelated. For instance,  Easter Island inhabitants suffered from over-working their lands and deforestation, but  these factors did not affect other Polynesian civilizations because of specific climate  conditions that left Easter at a disadvantage. I always knew that different regions of the  world have climates, it's a no brainer. But this book really opened my eyes to the role  climates play on various levels of society. Like if trees grow slower on an island due to  dry air and little rainfall, the people can choose to survive modestly by cutting back on  how many tress they use or fail by lavishly ignoring the climate.    Not to sound like a pessimist, Diamond does not immediately write off the planet as  doomed. Describing the historical downfalls and examining them is a lot of the content in  the book, but only because a lot of these civilizations fell under completely different  circumstances. So they definitely deserve the coverage, and Diamond does not hold  back on any chapter. He also devotes time to describe certain civilizations that did  succeed in overcoming challenges. So it's important to realize that cynicism and denial  does not work and it's that attitude will in fact doom our planet.    Overall this book is incredibly well-written, reliable and essential to read. Its essential  because the lessons that past civilizations have learned the hard way apply to our jaded  seemingly invincible modern world. We can choose to ignore the signs of decline and  continue in our way, or we can accept a drastic change in life that will diminish our way  of life, but at least it won't mean extinction. Because unlike all the past civilizations  described, globalization has made the issue of collapse a human concern, not a country  or city's concern.
B003Q6D1YW|3.0|In 2007, a photographer in New York City, Nev Schulman, was surprised to receive a parcel in the post containing a painting. It was a painting of a picture of his that had been published in The New York Sun some weeks earlier, and the artist was apparently only eight years old. Intrigued, Schulman began corresponding with Abby, the artist, online under her mother Angela's supervision. His brother Ariel and friend Henry, amateur film-makers, smell a potential good story here and begin filming Nev's interactions with Abby's family by phone and computer. Nev also comes into contact with Abby's family members via Facebook, particularly her 19-year-old sister Megan, whom he starts 'Internet dating'. Since the family live many hundreds of miles away in Michigan, the chances of meeting them soon do not appear to be likely.    Whilst working on a project in Colorado, the trio start to find holes in the story presented to them. Megan, who sings and plays guitar and piano, sends Nev some songs she's recorded, but he finds that they are recordings of songs from YouTube. Googling reveals no mention of Abby's artistic skills in local media. Nev becomes concerned over being scammed, and they decide to detour to Michigan on the way home to learn the truth.    Catfish is an interesting film that was released last year after proving a storm at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival. It then triggered a significant wave of controversy, though we'll come to that in a moment. It's easy to see why the film has been praised: it's a zeitgeist-capturing movie about people who forge relationships online where the details presented by the parties involved may be exaggerated or indeed fabricated altogether. The final act, exposing what's really going on, subverts audience expectations about the motivations of those involved. As a piece of film-making, Catfish is entertaining, intriguing and builds tension towards the moment of revelation (though it has to be said that this is a quiet, non-flashy film; the trailer suggesting it's a 'thriller' is totally inaccurate).    The film also asks an important question of the audience, one that may or may not have been intended by the film-makers. The film is about people passing themselves and a situation off as something that is rather different to what is presented. So, it is perfectly logical for the viewer to ask, \\"Okay, but what about you guys? Is this really what happened? Are you manipulating us?\\" If the film-makers had done this deliberately and perhaps avoided answering the question in promotion, it would be a fascinating and metatextual statement on presentation, perception and motivation in a world where it's all too easy to manipulate these things online for an intended purpose or effect. Unfortunately, the film-makers have spent a fair amount of time saying that everything in the film is 100% the truth and nothing has been changed or manipulated.    This claim is immediately challenged by a scene in which Nev and his compatriots arrive at the address supplied by Megan, intending to surprise her, only to find the house abandoned and uninhabited. Nev opens the postbox (rather dubiously; interfering with the mail in the USA is a federal offence) and finds it stuffed full of the letters and packages he's sent to Megan during the course of their 'relationship'. However, this is clearly a fabricated scene: the post has 'return to sender' already stamped on it, indicating that the post was delivered, not picked up and sent back to Nev in New York. He then appears to have taken the post back to the address and set the scene up to demonstrate to the viewer the deception of Megan providing a false address.    This in turn leads to the viewer questioning the truthfulness of the entire enterprise. Many tens of thousands of words have been dedicated to questioning every aspect of the film by multiple articles, blogs and even news items on US television, so I'll avoid into delving too far into that, except to note that there seems to have been some very clever manipulation of scenes and chronology going on to present the narrative as it unfolds to us.    The film, taken at face-value, is intriguing and raises interesting questions about Internet-based relationships. However, the fact that aspects of it are clearly manipulated and possibly exploitative (one of the participants has since passed away, something that has indeed been verified, but which makes the situation even murkier) leaves a bad taste in the mouth. But at the same time, the fact that after watching the film the viewer can then go online and read up on all the controversy and draw their own conclusions itself adds another level to the experience: layers of deceit, spin, presentation and impersonation. Talking about the film and seeing how different people interpret it is arguably more interesting than the movie itself.    Catfish (score not really applicable) is a bizarre and thought-provoking film about modern media, manipulation and social networking. Whether you believe all of it, none of it or something between, it definitely raises some very interesting questions. The film is available now on DVD (UK, USA) and Blu-Ray (UK, USA).
0670022411|2.0|I am losing my patients here, people.  When will justice be served?  This book is lauded and purchased as if it were a good book.  Does no one but me see the clothing status of the emperor?  I am certain Ms. Harkness is a very nice person - kind to animals, considerate of the less fortunate, etc.  But this book!  While being pleasant in a done-over-beaten-to-death kind of way, okay I'll give you that, but top fiction it is not.  Look, here's the story.  A happy witch named Samantha Steven stars in a TV series named Bewitched.  She is a good witch, and doesn't want to use her magic - she wants to be human. She marries an advertising agent, Darwood (no, wait, it's a vampire this time - but a vampire who hates being a vampire and doesn't drink nonconsensual blood and is kind to animals and the less fortunate).  So the odd couple has to deal with the wacky neighbor, Gladys Cravitz (no wait, this time it's the demons, who are born different and, no, they are not simply bipolar sufferers, they are demons I tell you).  So Darrin has this ad campaign and has to win over a grumpy client - no wait, this episode it's a magic book.  Yeah, that's the ticket - a magic book.  And this magic book has... secrets... yeah, and the book can only be opened by the Good Witch Samantha/Diana - but she doesn't like the nasty magic... oh, and she cannot really defend herself, cause magic is icky, and her aunt and her aunt's gay lover knows this fact  but do not jump on a broomstick/747 to help. and...<br />  Do I make myself clear?  There are so many \\"You know, Bob's\\" in this book to make a saint scream, just before they murder someone randomly.  The food is all luscious (aka this book is written by a middle-age woman), the good witch runs and works-out (see comment about luscious food), and eats all the luscious food she wants (see women author note), and tea is a sensual object of desire (please reference the middle-age writer thingy), and yoga is sooo peaceful, and, you know, Bob, witches and other creatures don't get along, except they do, because they (the bipolar sufferers and the nice vampires and the chatty but honest witches [?bipolars also?] go to the library and coffee shops and do yoga together, and, did I mention, Bob....<br /><br />Please, let us all read good books - they ARE out there.  Please, let us not all jump willingly into the pits-of-mediocrity the publishing world litter the landscape with.  I am here to help.  If you cannot locate a book worthy of attention, contact me - I will put you in touch with some great literature.d other creatures don't get along, except they do, because they (the bipolar sufferers and the nice vampires and the chatty but honest witches [?bipolars also?] go to the library and coffee shops and do yoga together, and, did I mention, Bob....    Please, let us all read good books - they ARE out there.  Please, let us not all jump willingly into the pits-of-mediocrity the publishing world litter the landscape with.  I am here to help.  If you cannot locate a book worthy of attention, contact me - I will put you in touch with some great literature.
0307463745|4.0|This book truly lives up to it's advertised use. I highly recommend anyone considering opening their own business or in management to read this book. There are a few pieces of advice in this book that are a bit impractical but the rest is good advice in my opinion. It is definitely the kind of talk that stops 'corporate America' in it's tracks as it really accentuates individual responsibility, self control and getting away from (now proven by recent economic events inteh US) the 'status quo' big business mantra. Get this book if you need a pep talk about starting a business, re-inventing your management style, perhaps even revolutionizing your company. After 17 years in both small business and corporate environment, I couldn't have said it any better than it is printed in REWORK...Though I would have left out some of the foul language, for that, it gets 4 stars instead of 5.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I won't buy this if it doesn't include a high def version of the original without any more film editing than cleanup of dust and matte lines. The new cgi enhanced versions are crap. I wish I could give Lucas' New & Improved version 0 stars.
B00454U1NS|5.0|I think everyone should listen to this CD.  Pink is a really versatile singer who can really change up her vocals.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Let's just cut to the chase. On Meteora, Linkin Park retains everything there was to be found on Hybrid Theory. If you loved their debut, you will love this album, and vise-versa. All in all, Meteora could easily pass as Hybrid Theory, part 2, which further reinforces the familiar pattern Linkin Park followed on their debut. Although their songwriting is top notch, their next move becomes predictable, much like it did on Hybrid Theory. There's even an instrumental piece (\\"Session\\") preceding the last song (\\"Numb\\") on the album, much in same manner as Hybrid Theory's \\"Cure for the Itch\\" preceded \\"Pushing Me Away\\". But nitpicking aside, there are a few new attributes on this album that are very likable though, and they are the reasons why I am more drawn to Meteora than I am to Hybrid Theory. For one, several of the songs display more heartfelt emotional themes -- \\"Easier to Run\\", Breaking the Habit\\", and \\"From the Inside\\" are some of the most beautiful songs Linkin Park has written so far. Also, the artwork of Meteora is fantastic and I feel it deserves a mention, as it helps in setting a strong visual theme for the album's music. And clocking in at only about a half hour, the album can hold your interest from start to finish despite its well worn path that the songs take -- Linkin Park wastes no time at all here. In the end *song pun :)* its another solid album thats close brethren to Hybrid Theory, and the last to see Linkin Park sticking this closely to their roots, before they would drastically reinvent themselves in the years to follow...
B004TTMYQG|4.0|Multiple reminder option. Pulls in all current info flawlessly. Easy to use. Quite happy with the app, despite steep price. Much better than standard calendar.
B000059MEK|4.0|This was the album that launched Daft Punk into the mainstream. Runaway success hits like \\"One More Time\\", \\"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger\\", and \\"Digital Love\\" appealed to the music lovers who weren't even fond of their debut. Make no mistake, this is Daft Punk for the mainstream audience. Its here on Discovery that you hear them deviate away from their signature style of pounding house beats coupled with catchy grooves and replaces it with melodic synths and emotional vocoder-treated verse/chorus lyrics. Fortunately, that doesn't matter too much because at its core, its still good music. Its the first time that you could say Daft Punk's music almost sounds... how should we put it?... Cute... like a robot puppy dog. For those who favor Homework, there's still something to love here. \\"Superheroes\\" is a powerful track with a catchy repeating vocal sample (\\"Somethings in the air\\") that will have you recalling the energy that Homework had.
B004VMUS9G|4.0|The app is great BUT don't get it from Amazon.  You can get the same app from the other stores (also free) but not have to be connected to Amazon to work. I never get any critical apps from Amazon even if they are free because of that limitation. I would probably only use Amazon if it weren't for this important limitation.
B000OCXMAE|2.0|It was this album that showed a controversial and sudden shift in Linkin Park's sound that had fans divided from the moment they heard the first single \\"What I've Done\\". I was there, and believe me, I was disappointed too. Regardless, I was still willing to give the new album a shot, even if a little reluctantly. The thing is, this album seems to be more focused around the band's departure from their own sound than it is around the music itself. After the album hits its second track, \\"Leave Out All the Rest\\", I couldn't help but to feel like Linkin Park was playing for their own funeral: a farewell to their old rap & rock style so many people became attached to them for. The music in itself feels like a letdown especially if you were expecting Linkin Park to remain true to their sound, but even without comparison, Minutes to Midnight falls short of even being a great album in its own rights. After \\"What I've Done\\", the album falls flat on its face thanks to songs like \\"Hands Held High\\", \\"In Between\\", \\"Valentine's Day\\", and \\"The Little Things Give You Away\\". Not only do these pieces bear no resemblance to the band who are responsible for their existence, but they lack anything interesting at all that inspires you to replay them again. And during the few times that Linkin Park does return to heavier territory, like on \\"Given Up\\", Bleed It Out\\", and \\"No More Sorrow\\", the focus still feels more directed towards change than it does toward, y'know, actually being good, trading in band hallmarks like Joe Hahn's scratching and Mike Shinoda's rapping for jingling car keys and hand claps (on \\"Given Up\\").
0765326353|4.0|I have never read a fantasy book. I am 60 years old and saw this at Border's and was intrigued. I bought it and really loved the first 650 pages and then suddenly, it was like, all right already! End please! Lots of the scenes, especially with Kaladin seem to go on and on and are very redundant. Same with Dalinar. Now don't get me wrong, Sanderson is a very good writer and overall, the book is excellent. I still have a little over 200 pages to go and hopefully it will grab me again soon. I will finish it, and I am actually looking forward to the next installment. Just hope that it isn't quite as long. And I love long books!
B00004Z459|4.0|You can't argue that Linkin Park didn't exactly bring anything new or groundbreaking in terms of genres to the music scene with their debut album. Nu Metal was already a tried-and-true formula by the time Hybrid Theory hit the shelves. Rage Against the Machine had set the stage for bands like KoRn and Limp Bizkit to develop and define the genre further throughout the '90s, but one thing for certain was that Linkin Park had a distinct sound unlike any other band before them. Its here on Hybrid Theory that you hear the band in their prime. Its all of Linkin Park's individual members doing what they do best at full speed ahead, with razor-sharp guitars, heavy drums set to hip-hop rhythms, and some mad DJ scratching, not to mention that Linkin Park has two of the best vocalists known in the genre of rock and hip-hop. Mike Shinoda has a real talent for writing well flowing, and consistently stellar lyrics, and witty rhymes abound everywhere; wordplay is key here, and Mike nails it. They help to underscore Chester's singing, which is equally good and a nice shift in tone that keeps the songs fresh. In fact, when you listen to the entire album in one sitting, you begin to notice that Linkin Park has their songwriting down to a precise science. At times, its almost to a fault when it becomes somewhat predictable what path the band with follow in their song (verse/chorus/verse/chorus/bridge/chorus), but its easily forgivable given the overall quality of Hybrid Theory.
B000PMLFRA|5.0|After reading several reviews and seeing the animosity so called fans have for the special edition, I have to say he already released the original version on DVD.  Yes, in all it's grainy non CGI glory.  It looks just like it did in the 70's, is it really necessary for him to rerelease the original in every format?  Now your saying, wow he is not a true fan!  Just so you know I waited in line over 100 hours to see the new movies on opening night so stop thinking that!  If you watch the original theatrical version on DVD, you may find your self saying, wow these don't look as good as when he retouched them.      Color in the originals is by no means anywhere as good as in the new movies.  The 70's versions look very drab, the lasers are not bright, the spaceship thrusters are bland looking, and some of the aliens look very clunky.  Plus in the blue ray there are going to be deleted scenes never seen before, Luke constructing a light saber for example.  The whole point of Blue ray is it is in HD, it is supposed to look good.      Lucas should get props for trying to keep it modern, how many other film makers do that?  Some might say this is blasphemy, but personally I am buying it on the first day, as will all the true fans.  Why? Because it is Star Wars in HD!
B004SBS8LA|5.0|delightful. addicting. all around good time. make sure to note the time when you begin playing, time will fly and hours will have passed.
B004KPQK2S|5.0|Even knowing the outcome having watched his triple crown races, this was a thrilling, touching movie. Everything Mrs Tweedy had to overcome including her own husband's and brothers' lack of faith in her judgement, the 'good ol' boys club' mentality and this untested two-year old horse, seeing her and Eddie's unshakable belief in him, just a very, very entertaining movie.
B000VS6R26|5.0|Bought this as a gift for my daughter who needed an upgrade from her   VHS tape which she wore out.  She's hasn't stopped watching it.  She  absolutely loves the Anniversary Edition.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Thought the movie was great better than the last Harry Potter movie.  Very much looking forward to the next movie, Harry Potter and the deathly Hollows, part 2...
0765326353|5.0|This book is long. 1008 pages long. Holding the hardcover while reading is a workout in and of itself. I found myself trying a number of different sitting positions just remain comfortable while holding the dictionary sized book. But let me be honest: it is worth all the aches and pains and worth the hours of sleep I lost by staying up. The Way of Kings has a great pace and has little in way of filler. Knowing Sanderson, the seemingly meaningless aspects of the stories he included are, I believe, hints at something far more grand like he did in the Mistborn trilogy. The scale of this series becomes larger the further you get into the book. In the end, the scope of how big I thought this book was blew me away.<br /><br />Sanderson does a great job with the many characters in this book, giving you plenty to love, plenty to hate, and plenty of wants into knowing more about specific ones we only get tidbits of. Hoid, a character that has appeared in Warbreaker, Elantris, and Mistborn: The Final Empire makes a much more intriguing appearance in The Way of Kings. Whether it is the same person in each book remains to be seen, but this person knows far more than they are letting on, hinting that his duty to the Cosmere takes precedence over anything else (the Cosmere is the universe in which all of Sanderson's fantasy novels exist). If I had any complaint, it was the Shallan story arc. I did not find myself caring about her situation. As time went on her story became more interesting, but it was not nearly as good as those of Kaladin and Dallinar. The last few chapters of her arc were great, it just felt a little slow getting there. However, the story would have suffered if it moved too fast.<br /><br />The Way of Kings is book one of a planned 10 for The Stormlight Archive series. I cannot fathom how he will write this story out over that many books without throwing useless stories like people say for several of Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time books. However, the fact that I have enjoyed every single Sanderson book that I have read gives me confidence in his ability to tell this epic tale with as much passion and intensity as he did with The Way of Kings. A phenomenal read that I could not get enough of. After turning the last page, I could not help but feel how daunting a task it will be for Sanderson to continue delivering at such a high level. I am not worried though, after all, he is my favorite author.ery single Sanderson book that I have read gives me confidence in his ability to tell this epic tale with as much passion and intensity as he did with The Way of Kings. A phenomenal read that I could not get enough of. After turning the last page, I could not help but feel how daunting a task it will be for Sanderson to continue delivering at such a high level. I am not worried though, after all, he is my favorite author.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|I have a stroller that has one small cup-holder attached to its side, not good for anything really maybe just a 12 oz. can and how often are the cups/bottles larger in the real world....always. This product was the answer to everything. It holds large cups, stays on and upright, works great!
B004ZP376A|5.0|I was absolutely taken to the floor with this Season 3 finale.  Without spoiling it for anyone else (who has not viewed this episode), I will just thank FOX for renewing FRINGE and will welcome Season 4 in the Fall.
B002ZG976U|5.0|This is a great movie!! All the songs & costumes are fantasic. It makes you fell like your back in the Roaring Twenties! I was dissapinted in Chicago & Moulan Rouge but I really loved this movie. Lots  of song & dance!
076115678X|5.0|I was expecting to not learn anything new.<br />Everything I have been doing has been wrong w/ my hair<br />You will not regret this purchase!
B004A8ZWTW|5.0|This adaptation was exquisite.  Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fassbender were astonishing in this film.   They flowed together like a river through every single scene.  I thought that Cary Fukunaga brought a freshness to the unfolding story line that was handled so profoundly.  The rearrangement of the story was surprising, refreshing and daring, and a good director like Fukunaga accomplished a continuity to the story without losing any integrity to the original.  Bravo.  Adriano Goldman did a beautiful job of capturing the majesty of the English landscape.  Such beautiful editing during the thunderstorm.  I went to see the film again for the storm scene among other reasons.  Mia really deserves recognition for this role and I know she will grace us again with more fine performances.  I'd love to see both Mia and Michael in a contemporary drama together, I think they have great timing and energy.
B0044CG71G|5.0|With it's compelling writing, storytelling and dip into the deep end of the psudo-science pool, this show is by far the best on television!! Sci-fi can't get better than this. Love this show!!
B001IHJ97E|3.0|I gave this movie 3 stars, actually 5 for the idea and premise and 1 for execution. The main problem of this really thought provoking story came at the end when some stupid marketing director (I presume) or producer decided to court in the kiddies by making the computers go crazy at the end with massive destruction of the scientific computer rooms which I guess was to be hilarious. The huge mistake was splicing all this in when the Christopher Walken character was plugged into the death video and seeing what the Louise Fletcher character saw at the moments (and after) of death. So therefore, your emotions are being tugged both directions at the same time. If I could, I would edit out the ludicrous computer chaos and just let the beautiful and ethereal death scene flow uninterrupted.    Someday someone will invent this machine and we'll see things that are a huge mystery. Don't think I'll live that long but I envy the ones who do.
B004W5T2RG|2.0|I watched this movie because I love watching Gwyneth Paltrow act.  For a movie called Country Strong, though, I expected Kelly to, somehow, rise above her troubles and come out on top, even if she quit country music to do it.  But, instead of being strong, (Spoiler alert!) and after she gives a fantastic come-back performance, she kills herself.  The movie didn't reflect well on the country music industry, either.  This movie was not only a downer, it just didn't make sense, and I have to wonder what everyone involved was thinking it was supposed to mean.  I did enjoy watching Paltrow and Hedlund perform, as they both sing so well.
1400063515|5.0|With that said, I loved this book.  I read many reviews before deciding to read it myself.  After I saw many disgruntled business forecasters and statisticians complaining about the book I realized it was worth my time.      I will warn you that it's a wordy book and many things are repeated, but mostly to your benefit as the reader.  You will come away from reading this book with a new understanding and a very much needed perspective to help you see through the crap.
0316056863|5.0|This book was SO. FUNNY. Ahhhhhhhh. I was reading it at lunch in the cafeteria at work cracking up (REALLY. Just laughing and laughing) and was getting strange stares from coworkers (SCREW YOU GUYS). I have never been into celebrity books. They're usually horrible and self-indulgent. But I read Bossypants in a day. A DAY. I am a busy lady but I MADE time to finish the book.<br /><br />The single best thing I took away from this book was learning the term \\"crotch biscuits\\" for (in Tina's words) \\"that's what I call the wobbly triangles on one's inner thighs.\\" I have since used this word on a daily basis. How could those not have a term yet? I think the world was holding off naming them so Tina could.<br /><br />Tina is the less glamorous version of Jennifer Aniston. AND I SAY THAT IN A GOOD WAY. She's a real woman. She's a real mom. She has 14 real jobs. When I watch her on TV or read her book I feel like I can RELATE to what she's saying. And I admire everything she has achieved. I love that she hasn't gone \\"hollywood.\\" This book made me love her even more.<br /><br />A few of my favorite parts from the book..........She gives fantastic beauty tips (\\"The three secrets of great skin are moisturize, stay out of the sun, and be Italian.\\"). She goes through a hilarious (but sadly true) list of things women are expected to \\"have\\" these days, and then says, \\"The person closest to actually achieving this look is Kim Kardashian, who, as we know, was made by Russian scientists to sabotage our athletes.\\" My only complaint is that she didn't tell us if she really enjoys \\"night cheese\\" and Snuggieing.<br /><br />In summary.... BUY THIS BOOK. Buy it for your daughter. Buy it for your best friend.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|I am currently 2/3 of the way through this book.  Love it, Love it, Love it!!  The author is detailed & descriptive and leaves no doubt as to the scene he describes.  This book has also been made into a mini-series or a weekly show (not sure which) but I have not been watching.  I'd rather read it because a lot of times, something of the story gets lost in translation.  I already have book 2 saved in my wish list because I don't want to miss a beat when I finish \\"A Game of Thrones\\".  If you are a fantasy reader, read this!
0316069353|2.0|SPOILERS<br />The plot of every Haller book--Mickey thinks all clients are guilty...including this one. OH but wait! This one might be innocent! Then right as he starts to believe, he is disappointed again.  Wow.<br />The balloons--stupid<br />Unemployed mom with house in foreclosure and kid in private school--please<br />...and why did she kill the mortgage guy when Mickey hammered into us that she knew she wasnt losing the house...?  No idea...but hey, she killed her husband first...for what exactly...?<br />I know, I know...evil cant be predicted, we dont understand why people like that act, yadda yadda, but this was poorly done.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|For the Star Wars haters out there, get a life. We're finally getting all six Star Wars movies on Blu-ray and everybody should be happy. I just don't understand all of the hate just because a small group of rabid Star Wars fans who have a hard-on for the unaltered theatrical versions of the original trilogy just didn't get their way. If you don't like the \\"Special Edition\\" films, then go find someone else to complain to. For me, I'm thrilled.    To get all six movies in a boxed set is a wonderful find. The additional scenes, the upgraded special effects, who could ask for anything more. For me? I'll be planning to purchase this set once it's released. Sure, George Lucas has milked the Star Wars films for all they are worth and it's probably the only thing that he's guaranteed to make money on because there always be a demand for it. While the fanboys can all argue, moan and complain, you know that they'll also be in line to purchase this collection ... not that they'll admit to anyone else. For all of their moaning and complaining, they are Star Wars fans, after all.    For me? I'm just glad that these movies are finally getting a Blu-ray release and I'll be enjoying these movies as soon as they are released this September.
B004EPZ070|2.0|OK, so it was \\"Girls Night Out\\" and we decided to catch this flick.  I am not a Kate Hudson fan but do like some of the other actors.  I was very disappointed in the film. Some scenes were quite funny but they were starring the actors I do like (John Krasinski and Steve Howey)...the rest of the movie was just lame...I was so frustrated with the ending I wanted to SCREAM. My girls didn't care for it either..one even got up and left after about an hour of enduring lame acting.  I think somewhere I read it was rated a \\"D\\"...I concur.  Maybe I just need to stick with reading books for entertainment.  Thanks Hollywood.
B0034G4P80|5.0|I just got back from seeing this movie in 3-D and I cannot recommend it enough! The visuals, acting, (especially Hopkins,) cinematography, writing...just about EVERYTHING, about this movie is perfect! Loki is done beautifully by Hiddleston, Hemsworth is a truly worthy Thor and good old, reliable Anthony Hopkins RULES the screen whenever he is en scene as Odin, king of the Norse pantheon. His handling of Thor when he is castigated for his arrogance, (which Hemsworth brings off well,) is a study on how to handle a headstrong, powerful son....STRONGLY!! Tom Hiddleston's Loki seems like a rather meek, reticent little mouse in the beginning of the film, but by the time the end credits roll, he's become the Machiavellian putz everybody knows and loves/hates.<br /><br />My boy, J. Michael Stracszynski, is responsible for the storyline, and that could explain the great visuals, which are some of the best I've seen since \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\", (and that's no small praise from me, considering how high \\"2001\\" is on my fave list!)  This is the man responsible for the exceptional Star Trek rival \\"Babylon 5\\" that proved itself better than its competition back in the 90s, and it shows in the high quality of the movie. Another factor has to be the presence of Shakespearean light Kenneth Branagh as director. The comic book \\"Thor\\" always WAS Shakespearean in feel, especially when its stories were set in Asgard, all through the 70s, so the connection is a good one<br /><br />Anywho, coupled with the decent acting, (Natalie Portman is a cipher, however, in her role... it really could have been played by just about anyone!) and decent special effects (the 3-D effects are particularly well done!), I predict this will be THE blockbuster of 2011! Oh, and check out the 3-D effect used on the Hubble photos at the end credits.... WOW!!!!<br /><br />Just watch, and enjoy....
B003Q6D27S|5.0|blood & gore but also a story line  i have all of the movies & the are great to be able to watch any time
0756405890|5.0|Randomly selected this book to listen to while at work.  At first it was a bit slow, but just 10 chapters into it and I am still thinking about it after coming home for work!  I am really looking forward to the rest of the book and the follow-up.  I highly recommend this novel.
B003GK2216|1.0|A once avid fan 'Eye of the Needle' 'The Key to Rebecca' and 'The Man from St Petersburg' I gave up reading Mr Follett after the quite awful 'Third Twin', so 'World Without End' was always going to be something of a risky exercise.  I find myself agreeing with the critical comment here. Since TT Mr Follett's characters have all fallen into the usual stereotypes.  True to recent form, in this offering the females are all brilliant, upwardly mobile undervalued feminists and beautiful, even if they are 'butt ugly'. The good men are also, either beautiful but as thick as two short planks, so it's quite acceptable to con them into bringing up some other guy's offspring, or, considerably less beautiful... a ginger dwarf in this one, but brilliant 'sensitive new age guys' who realise they are only around to worship the even more wonderful brilliant but 'slightly wonky' women.  The bad men [there are no bad women] are all ex-military rapist sexist murderers, who eventually succumb to the wiles of, you guessed it, the upwardly mobile feminist beautiful women.  The 'God Botherers' are all corrupt, sexually deviant recidivists, hard, but probably the most accurate of all the characterisations.  At the end of TT I was suspicious that the writing was not entirely the work of Mr Follett suspecting the influence of the female Folletts in the story lines. I am now convinced that much of WWE reflects the attitudes of Mrs F, disgraced minister of the Crown, ultra feminist, far left socialist, with an apparent propensity for creative accounting.  In spite of all this I had awarded this two stars, purely on the grounds of endurance, reduced on reflection to one, when I realised that most of that endurance was mine.  My advice for future offerings would be to ditch the memsahibs, they are doing you no favours, get back to the realities.  For me I am rather glad I only borrowed it.
B004EJUMT2|1.0|I bought this album based on a review in a magazine.  Plus, I figured, \\"hell Rise Above Records released this, it has to be good\\"...even though I thought the art work looked rather campy.  Little did I know, it was ALL CAMPY!  When I put this lump of crap in my stereo, I wanted to hurl in my mouth.  There's a couple of good riffs, but over all, I thought it was nothing more than a King Diamond/Mercyful Fate rip-off.  And a completely horrible one at that!  All the songs sound exactly the same.  The vocals are painfully hillarious.  I mean it'd be one the thing if this band could pull off a good KD/MF rip-off, but their best pales in comparison KD/MF's worst.  And believe me, I love both those bands, but there's a couple bad songs/albums in their catalouges. Still, Ghost as they're called, are WAY too silly and WAY too GD campy. And another thing, the lead singer/front man, if you will, goes by the name of \\"Ghoul.\\"  HAHAHAHA!  And the rest of the band refuse to use their real names, also. Hey Ghost.  Slipknot called.  They want their idea back, jackasses!  OH!  And for another belly-full-of-laughs, check out some images of these guys.  HAHAHAHA!  WOO!   I will be attending the Maryland Death Fest, in a few weeks, and Ghost is slated to play because, unfortunately, Goatsnake (a MUCH better band! A band worth your time and money!  Do yourself a favor and check them out!  NOW!) had to cancel.  I don't think there's enough drugs and alcohol in the world to make this band sound \\"listen-to-able.\\"  Even in a live setting.  I can't wait to see how many people join me in laughing at them and booing them off the stage.  If you're still thinking about buying this horrible excuse for an album, even after sampling it and reading this...jam a pencil in your ear.  I bet it's less painful.
B004SBQAL0|2.0|How does crap like this keep getting the green light? If I was 13 and angry at my parents this would sure be an entertaining film but as it is... I wouldn't waste my money on the BD or a rental. Wait for it to air on Starz, it can't be far off.     I think it's all been said about the horrid acting and wasted plot but for once it would be nice to see one of these movies where the main character doesn't act like a complete child.  Raised from birth by a warrior and they still push the fish out of water angry teen angle. I get it, you want the audience of teens to relate to the main character. Wow an alien with super power has issues just like me!  Remove the word \\"number\\" from the title of the movie and you have summed up the main character.     The movie is also full of unnecessary music and uses it as a crutch in almost every scene. I'm probably more or less waving my old man cane here but I long for the days where in most movies the only time you heard a non instrumental track was in the credits.
B001UV4XI8|5.0|The only way to fully enjoy your movie purchase is the the combo pack.  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 continues in the tradition of the previous HP movies and provides many hours of extras, interactive viewing and of course the movies.  Well worth the low price.
0451529065|5.0|me a man, me eat meat, me like god, evolution bad. god made universe, me no question big guy.    Those who wish to regard evolution as false should conjure up an alternative theory that is equal in research to the theory presented by evolutionist. Only A Theory by Kenneth Miller does a good job in explaining the fallacies of the alternative theory, mind you, Mr. Miller is a devout Christian as well as a biologist. The Origin of Species is a great book, just like the Bible, so just enjoy it and possibly open your mind to it.
0385737955|2.0|I had high hopes when I started this novel, but by the end of it I was just hoping for it to be over so I could be rid of it and start using brain bleach.  There was the possibility of this novel being really good, but in the end there is no psychological depth to not only most of the characters, but also in relation to the massive bloodshed that takes place.  In part, this tries to be a retelling of the Lord of the Flies and turns out horribly.  I question the author's mental stability as well with the sheer, mindless slaughter of children throughout the book, perpetrated supposedly by adults who are trying to save the world.      If you are looking for a good, empathetic YA novel, this is not the one for you.  Furthermore, I would never recommend this bloody piece of offal to any young adult that I know.  I will also be recommending my local libraries to steer clear of this piece of \\"clunk\\".
B004Q1FDHO|5.0|really fun yet simple game. quite addictive too. career mode allows you to continue your game later and not lose any of ur upgrades, etc.
B000006YO2|5.0|I LOVE THIS CD!!!!!!  DANCE AWAY, ANGEL EYES, SLAVE TO LOVE, OH YEAH, JEALOUS GUY, MORE THAN THIS, AND AVALON ARE ALL MY FAVORITES.  I THINK I HAVE WORN THEM OUT. I LISTEN TO THEM WHILE DOING HOUSEWORK.  MAKES THE DAY GO FASTER. I WOULD RECOMMAND THIS TO ANY BRYAN FERRY FAN.
B004G600A4|5.0|Tangled; cute, funny, well written. The story line was great it kept the grand kids and me focused on the show all the way through. My grand children range in age from eight months to 16 years old. The story is a combination of other fairy tails with an unexpected twist. We will surly use this show in the future while vacationing with some of the grandkids that watched it with us this time as well as other grandchildren that have not seen it with us. The kids will surly request the viewing of it upon other visits to our home as well.     Thank you for the opportunity to report on this animated movie.  Nolan.
0767827716|5.0|this is a great movie, excellent if you love old classic cars. special effects of the car repairing itself is fantastic. the car turns a geek into a wild eyed crazy person. the song in the beginning of the movie \\"bad to the bone\\" is VERY accruate.
B004B8RXQQ|3.0|This third episode in season one is the most bloody and grueling to watch.  I kept fast forwarding, hoping to get to a place where there weren't crying people with bombs strapped to them.  I finally gave up.  The series is unevenly written, and I suppose they are trying to find their way.  Benedict Cumberbatch is a brilliant and mesmerizing Sherlock, and when he's on screen, I can't take my eyes off him.  Dr. Watson is a complete bore and seems completely unnecessary to the show.  He has no character, charm, charisma or even personality.  I hope season two is better.
B004Q1FDHO|2.0|Seems like this game and the droid x just don't want to cooperate.  I can play for a few minutes before the game locks up and automatically reboots.  It seems like a pretty fun game toobut gonna have to uninstall until I see the issues with droid x are fixed.
B000002H48|4.0|The best live performance by 70s greats. Following the near melt-down at Three Mile Island, a group of musicians banded together to make a statement and raise awareness about the questionable safety of nuclear power. While the qualities of the individual musicians are recognizable, the synergies of combining them in supporting roles and sharing leads produced some amazing raw but beautiful tunes.  The artists are listed on the album cover but not the fact that they performed together during the shows to produce a number of new flavors.     The song \\"Power\\", followed by \\"The Times They Are A Changin'\\" are remarkable. A diamond in the rough, the songs are from the heart and voices are one. On \\"Power\\" James Taylor, Carly Simon, John Hall and Doobie Brothers really shine! That tune alone is worth the price of the album. James Taylor, Carly Simon, John Hall and Graham Nash deliver a raw but classic \\"Times They Are A Changin'\\".     Rather than rate the album song-by-song, perhaps it's best to rate the album alone. Yes, Bonnie Raait, Jackson Browne, Springsteen, Petty, CSN, Nicolette Larson, Poco... just too many - they were all fantastic. Of 5 stars, one disk is a 4 and the other a 5.    Also, an unusual find. I have the set on the original cassette media but one no longer plays and I tried the usual iTunes and others for years and couldn't find a replacement. I don't know when it was released on CD but the timing was right with the disaster in Japan. Perhaps it's time to raise awareness again as we do tend to become complacent until it's too late.    The only negative is the quality of the recording and mix. It's not the best but the music makes up for it.
B001TH7GT6|4.0|These Component cables work great. I use them with my Hauppauge HD PVR and I haven't noticed anything bad with them. But these don't come with the Audio Cables. Luckely, I had some RCA cables handy. But if you don't already have some RCA cables, either buy this and some RCAs or buy difference cables.
B004G600A4|2.0|Not even a commentary on the dvd. I'm really disapointed.  There is no 3d presentation on dvd, only on the blu-ray...  You have to have a blue-ray reader to be able to watch the special features...  I liked the movie very much, though...
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|Reading Bossypants, I often found myself laughing out loud. I am, admittedly, a fan of Tina Fey's, and her book did not disappoint. I particularly enjoyed her career journey, from working as a receptionist for the Y to Second City, Saturday Night Live, and 30 Rock. She is not only smart and clever, but works very, very hard. I know, I sound like I'm fawning all over her, which I don't normally do, but I loved this book. It was a lot of fun.
B004UC1WN8|4.0|Damn, some people are being really harsh on this album. It is total dance-pop, feel good music. Don't go into this expecting JLO to make you contemplate life. Her job is to make you dance and foget about your problems...and for the most part she does a pretty good job of it. PAPI, ON THE FLOOR, HYPNOTICO, INVADING MY MIND,& I'M INTO YOU are my favorites. PAPI could very easily be the next big club record for the summer of 2011...right along side of ON THE FLOOR(I would like to see her continue to collaborate with Pitbull because they sound great together). Her vocals sound the best of her career here. While her voice has little range, I think she has finally figured out how to use what she does have to the get the greatest effect. World-flavored dance music is her specialty, with R&B being her least successful (in my opinion). CHARGE ME UP is worth getting the 'Deluxe' edition. Have fun with this album, and don't take it seriously.
B002MEW7YY|5.0|This opera is going to lie close to my heart, not least because of its story brought to life by an excellent cast and principal characters. There's much that impressed and little that didn't. Transferring the storyline from early eighteenth century to the Victorian period was in my very humble opinion, a believable move.     The setting of gloom - bare trees in a darkened landscape set the tone for the pending tragedy that would unfold. There's always drama behind the drama, so I feel I should mention here that Piottr Beczala stepped in for an \\"ailing\\" Villazon. I have never heard Villiazon, so I had no frame of reference, except to note that I hear Beczala in other operas. To step in at short notice and produce what would be a standout performance is what professionalism is about. Beczala steals the show for me.     Netrebko has a beautiful clear lilt which I liked and her \\"mad scene\\" about which so much has already been written, quite powerful. While some here may have reservations about her almost playfulness in Act 1 in the light of her mother's recent demise, her love for Edgardo places her in a situation where's she displays conflict - the vacillation between joy and sadness is palpable. The descent into madness must be gradual and the scene between Lucia and Enrico solidifies this aspect.    I must once again say that Piotr Beczala with this performance entrenched his position as one of the finest lyrical tenors today. His aria \\"Fra poco a me ricovero\\" was delivered with such powerful passion, the enthusiastic applause at the end of it was very well deserved.     Now I feel justified in having purchased this DVD.     Viva Beczala!
B003L77GGK|5.0|This show is the freakin best ever. I so hope there is another season cause I don't think I could like without this show. I have all the other seasons and am watching this one. This season starts with Dean as a family man and Sam on the dark side. Castiel is a lot more stern because he now has to fight Raphael in heaven and Bobby is just as fun as ever. The closer to the end of the season, Sam goes back good guy and you learn that Castiel is dark side. This show has funny episodes and some scary episodes. I hope you all enjoy. Dean forever!
B004LFO0ME|4.0|I ordered this product for my boyfriend and he received it on time. Actually he had no idea that it came from me until the other day. I wanted to suprise him becauses he absolutely loves Wiz Khalifa and the album is great. The end result total success! Thanks Amazon!
B004GJYR7I|5.0|This is always a fun story to watch - timeless in appeal. Funny situations and great chemistry with Cary Grant and Katherine Hepburn. Enjoyable family entertainment.
068485743X|5.0|This guide is full of excellent suggestions and ideas. The author is direct and clear on the pitfalls to avoid, giving good, easy-to-follow illustrations. A must-have for the serious writer.
B004L79VUI|5.0|I am really happy with this c.d. it keeps my robbie robertson collection up to date. I cannot reccomend this c.d. highly enough although his earlier c.ds were very good also.
0785814531|5.0|I ordered this book for someone whose a big Edgar A. Poe fan. This book was given a great review! Happy I ordered it. The shipper mailed it on time and in GREAT condition!
0316069353|3.0|Michael Connelly's latest Mickey Haller (Lincoln Lawyer) courtroom mystery is The Fifth Witness. Although I've read several of Connelly's books, this is the first of this series that I've read - I generally don't like courtroom dramas because they are so far removed from reality. But there's a lot to like in this book. It's a classic page-turner because Connelly knows how to keep his stories moving at a fast pace - lots of dialogue, lots of unanswered questions you want answers to, and, of course, the surprise at the end. It also is the most authentic courtroom mystery I've read in a long while. Connelly brings his journalist background to bear on how the court system really operates, such a far cry from Law and Order and Perry Mason. The main characters are fairly well developed, although I don't think that this is one of Connelly's strengths. The plot itself, revolving around the mortgage crisis and a murder emanating from it, is timely and superficially sound, though the conclusion reveals some cracks. Strictly PG, with minimal bloodshed, little sex, and infrequent profanity, this would be a good choice for a weekend at the beach or cabin.
B004Q1FDHO|4.0|Simple game and very addictive.  Make sure you clear your memory before you start. The game can get laggy if you don't.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|We are going to see the stage play in September and I always like to know the music.  This original cast album is marvelous, the voices superb and now I finally know the whys of those witches of Oz.  The words supplied for the songs is extremely helpful.  And now if know why the Wicked Witch of the West is GREEN!!
B002ZNJW0O|3.0|While this book is a good Nick Sparks read, it takes a long time to get started.  It jumps back and forth between three different character's points of view so it is just a  little slow.  But the storyline is good and it is a good romance novel.
B004SBX112|2.0|i bought the ad free one so it wouldnt lag as much. theres no difference. and it keeps freezing and zooming in and out. also the appstore keeps forceclosing and poping up mid game. thats usually when it freezes. whats the point in paying for it when it doesnt even work?
B003OF3R0S|4.0|I AM GLAD TO HEAR WHAT THE REV CREATED BEFORE HIS VERY  UNFORTUNATE PASSING AWAY HE WILL ALWAYS BE ONE OF MY FAVORITE DRUMMERS FOR LIFE A7X ARE AN AMAZING BAND.
B003L77G2Y|4.0|With all due respect to the cast and creators of Fringe, and all of the show's devoted fans (I consider myself one of your number), I felt let down by the second half of this season.  For me, the show started to meander and was simply not as inspired as it had been at the beginning of the season.  But I am one of those strange people that actually prefers the \\"red\\" team and their stories.  For me, the first 10 episodes and the last 2 justify buying this when it comes out.  But as far as ratings go, I have to take points off for the other 10 or so episodes that felt like filler on the way to the awesome conclusion to the season.  (I would give it a 3.5 if I could.)<br /><br />I've seen all of season 3, but I'm writing this before the DVD package comes out, so I can't comment on or rate the special features that might be available.  I am only rating the episodes as they were aired.
B004IQMXD4|5.0|This CD is absolutly worth waiting for. One of my favorites is Annabelle Lee- the Poem by Edgar Allen Poe. She does it so much justice. Her voice is haunting and grieving. Solider' s Angel will have you hunting for a tissue as you listen to the pain she protrays for the wives, girlfriends, mothers, sisters and nurses who know them servicmen and women.<br /> Stevie Nicks just gets better as time goes on. I can't wait for the next release
B0008F113W|5.0|I'm not gonna waste anybodies time reviewing an album thats over 15 years old, if you havent heard this by now then you should because its incredible. Im a definite audio junkie and i only ever want the highest quality sound for the music i listen to, so in the past 3 months ive been dropping mad amount of cash in order to hear my favorite albums all remastered and hi def sounding.<br />first things first, for anyone who has heard the original album release to say that its a bit tinny is an understatement. the sound difference between this and obsolete is wild. this was by far fear factorys' masterpiece and i always wondered what a remaster of this would sound like. so after i finally received this i must say my subwoofers and i r very happy with what they did with the sound. there is finally a punishing low end to the songs, and when the kick drums are going full force so is my sound system.<br />as impressive as it sounded in my car, the main course was when i heard it through my ipod and hi def ear buds. I originally bought this cd long ago when i was a teenager and it was my favourite album at that time. but it always nagged me that the mix wasnt right, the vocals seems further back and the kick drums has no true oomph to it. thats really what this remaster has fixed, through my ear buds, everything felt 3D. it was like everything had space and it was just insane. hearing the bass under the guitar and hearing the drums have such violent resonance was a dream come true.<br />finally put, if your a fan of this album and you want the best sound quality, you cannot go wrong. and for the people who said they can't tell the difference, get better stereo equipment because in my opinion the sound difference between this and the original is like night and day.
B002OPZ37E|5.0|A DAY TO REMEMBER ARE A VERY HEAVY AND MELODIC BAND WHO HAVE CREATED THEIR OWN GENRE THAT THEY WILL ALWAYS DOMINATE, THIS BAND HAS A VERY BRIGHT AND PROMISING FUTURE AHEAD OF THEM.
0316098329|5.0|I loved this story and I will recommend it to others. The story line at first made me nervous. I was afraid it would be too unpleasant. But it was not too explicit or overly sad. I loved the main character Jack and Ma.
B001DWNUCO|4.0|This review is for the Blu-ray release of Caligula The Emperial Edition by Image Entertainment. It includes a new high def transfer of the unrated, uncensored feature film and an alternate pre-release version. It has full length audio commentaries with Malcolm Mcdowell,Helen Mirren and writer Ernest Volkman. I enjoyed this movie but I would caution against having young children in the room while viewing. There are scenes of murder, rape, sodomy, orgies, midget fellatio, and incest. Over all a fun movie to enjoy with friends for those \\"Roman\\" nights.
B000AP04KQ|5.0|Love the movie - a timeless classic for sure, especially for those of us that have ever spent time in an office setting.
B0038VPB5W|3.0|BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE HAVE TALENT, BUT THIS ALBUM IS OK COMPARED TO SCREAM AIM FIRE WHICH IN MY OPINION IS THEIR BEST ALBUM AND ALSO MY FAVORITE.
B00005JM02|5.0|Let's just begin saying that I'm 22 years old and I absolutely love this movie and so does my 3 year old son! We watch it together and he tells me all about Nemo and the turtles and jellyfish. He gets so excited and enjoys all the bright colors! I would recommend this movie to anyone, from two to thirteen to even people in their eighties.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|it says in may that angry birds will update. where is this update?!?! its may 7th if you forgot. twenty words now
B004NGYXIM|5.0|Tras las metamorfosis de la banda y sus constantes renovaciones musicales, pues nos traen este disco \\"Drama y Luz\\" que la verdad suena genial. Sonido puro al que siempre nos tiene acostumbrados Maná. Como siempre con cada una de sus producciones esta vez nuevamente Maná se consolidará como la banda latina de rock&pop número 1 del mundo.
B000Q66HBE|5.0|I DO OWN THIS ALBUM AND I AM GLAD THAT THEIR IS A DELUXE VERSION THAT COMES WITH A DVD THAT SHOWS A FEW LIVE PERFORMANCES OF THE BAND WHEN THEY FIRST CAME OUT.
0307279189|5.0|Few books about running and on running are palatable even to avid runners. This book seems to find an exception. It is a great page turner, and the passages on the races at Leadville and in Mexico are beautifully done.  Every runner would enjoy these pages and just those make the book worth it. Nice job Mr. McDougall!
B000001FTA|5.0|This is just a great collection of songs that I always come back to and the songs never feel tired or dated.
0425241505|5.0|\\"So, is that your long, scaly, reptilian tail, or are you just happy to see me?\\"<br /><br />What an amazing new world Thea Harrison has created. It's a world filled with elves, faeries, goblins, gryphons and of course our hero, a dragon.  Dragos, having been alive for a long, long time, has over time, collected things.  A lot of things.  He's hidden his massive collections of everything from artifacts to gold to coins, all over the world.  Enter Pia, being blackmailed by her nasty ex-boyfriend, she must steal something from one of Dragos' hoards, for Keith to turn over to his \\"associates\\" - he's a gambler in debt, and this will supposedly get them off his back.  Pia, terrified of what Keith will reveal about her half wyr side, agrees.  Using a special ability (one that would come in handy for many book heroines!) she's able to steal a coin from Dragos' hoard.  A penny to be exact, and when Dragos finds out, he is furious and intrigued all at once.  And this begins Dragos' mission to find his thief.<br /><br />The worlds Dragos and Pia live in and travel between, both human and Other, are amazing in and of themselves.  We're introduced to Dragos' closest friends and most trusted allies and his enemies, at the top of that list the Dark Fae King, Urien Lorelle.<br /><br />But the story for me is Dragos and Pia.  Dragos lives a pretty boring life at this point.  He collects his treasures and hasn't been challenged or amused by much in a very long time.  What initially starts as a plan to catch his thief and get vengeance turns into one of the most interesting and sweet love stories I've read in a long time.  Seeing Dragos try to understand Pia, the things she says, her reactions, are so funny.  I found myself laughing out loud throughout the whole book. To say he's intrigued by her would be an understatement.  He's incredibly possessive, and goes from considering her his own personal possession (\\"I do not endanger my treasures.\\") to having her come to mean so much more (\\"...they hurt her. They hurt her, and that hurt him inside somewhere, in a place he had never been hurt before.\\")<br /><br />Pia is the heroine you can't help but love.  She's a mystery throughout most of the story, a mystery to Dragos, to us the readers and even to herself.  Her mother safe guarded her ability to shift for reasons we find out towards the end of the book, and they are HUGE reasons.  Even when everything in her life is heading downhill fast, she fights.  That's one of the best things you can say about a character.  She doesn't wallow, even when she has plenty of reasons to, she stands up to Dragos, which of course only amuses and pleases him even more, and she just wants to find her place, one where she has someone to love and is loved in return.<br /><br />No story would be complete with my total love of the side characters and Dragon Bound has some unforgettable ones. Pia finds herself surrounded by Dragos' inner circle, including his best friend Rune, Constantine, Graydon and Bayne. Graydon...I love you. Not only was he fun to read, but his friendship with Pia, when she most needed a friend was so sweet to see.  Tricks, full name: Thistle Periwinkle, is the PR rep for Cuelebre Enterprises, a Dragos company, and big changes are in store for her.  She's our lead for book 2 and I can't wait!  And please, please let there be more of Drunk Tricks.  She's fun when she gets tipsy.  Hell, she's funny when she's sober too:<br /><br />\\"...I'm so sorry about what my Uncle Urien did to you guys.  I hate him, he killed my family, and we're going to cut off his head, and then I have to be Queen, but before that happens let's do lunch, okay?\\"<br /><br />If you love PNR - this is a MUST read.  As in must read right now!  I haven't flat out enjoyed a book this much in a long time and I'm counting down impatiently to book 2.hurt her, and that hurt him inside somewhere, in a place he had never been hurt before.\\")      Pia is the heroine you can't help but love.  She's a mystery throughout most of the story, a mystery to Dragos, to us the readers and even to herself.  Her mother safe guarded her ability to shift for reasons we find out towards the end of the book, and they are HUGE reasons.  Even when everything in her life is heading downhill fast, she fights.  That's one of the best things you can say about a character.  She doesn't wallow, even when she has plenty of reasons to, she stands up to Dragos, which of course only amuses and pleases him even more, and she just wants to find her place, one where she has someone to love and is loved in return.     No story would be complete with my total love of the side characters and Dragon Bound has some unforgettable ones. Pia finds herself surrounded by Dragos' inner circle, including his best friend Rune, Constantine, Graydon and Bayne. Graydon...I love you. Not only was he fun to read, but his friendship with Pia, when she most needed a friend was so sweet to see.  Tricks, full name: Thistle Periwinkle, is the PR rep for Cuelebre Enterprises, a Dragos company, and big changes are in store for her.  She's our lead for book 2 and I can't wait!  And please, please let there be more of Drunk Tricks.  She's fun when she gets tipsy.  Hell, she's funny when she's sober too:    \\"...I'm so sorry about what my Uncle Urien did to you guys.  I hate him, he killed my family, and we're going to cut off his head, and then I have to be Queen, but before that happens let's do lunch, okay?\\"    If you love PNR - this is a MUST read.  As in must read right now!  I haven't flat out enjoyed a book this much in a long time and I'm counting down impatiently to book 2.
B000FVBLEI|5.0|I AM SO GLAD THAT I HAVE FOUND ABOUT THIS BAND THEY ARE AMAZING, AND THE LEAD SINGER HAS AWESOME HIGH PITCHED SCREAMS.
B001GKJ2FC|4.0|Wesley lives his life from day to day, coping with the monotony of work and crippling panic attacks.  His boss makes his life a misery and his best friends is having an affair with his girlfriend, his life is directionless and he's not sure what his life's purpose is.  Then Vox (Jolie) comes along, rescues him from an assassin and introduces him into the world of the fraternity.<br /><br />The fraternity are a group of highly skilled assassins, lead by Sloan (Morgan Freeman), who can bend bullets, see in slow motion and who rid the world of unsavoury characters who cause more harm than good.  That is until some darker secrets start to come to light......<br /><br />This is one of those action films that runs at a frenetic pace and as long as you don't over-analyse it you will be in for a rip-roaring ride.  There are fights galore, high speed car chases and enough explosions to keep the most ardent action fan pleased.  The stunts and special effects are pretty impressive and whilst they are reminiscent of The Matrix at times, they are still great fun to watch.<br /><br />McAvoy doesn't seem gritty enough to be an action hero, but he suit's the role well as the everyman who gets dragged into a world he doesn't fully understand.  Jolie is a little wooden, but to be honest she takes a back seat in this film and you don't really notice her one way or the other.  Freeman adds a certain gravitas as he always seems to do in the roles he plays.<br /><br />The direction was pretty good too, with slowed down time and bullets and the action scenes are handled very well.  The soundtrack is great as well and the use of Nine Inch Nails' `Every Day is Exactly the Same' when McAvoy is an office worker was inspired.<br /><br />Overall this was a very good film, with enough thrills and spills to keep you entertained and a plot that keeps you interested throughout.  It is one you could easily watch more than once and if you have yet to see this I recommend you check it out at some point in the near future.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.eck out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Will Not buy until this is the TRUE original Trilogy! Gorge Lucas is an idiot who did not give ONE SHRED of thought to the PREQUELS!
B000PTYUQG|5.0|I coveted this set when I was younger . As I recall it was close to $200. I bought individual items through the years, including L'Histoire , Mass, Symphony of Psalms. To have these all together is a true treasure. Minor complaint is a lack of notes ( at least a web link to annotation would have been nice ) and a general dislike of paper sleeves on CDs, which quickly scratch surfaces ( my first step was replacing all of them with plastic sleeves ). But - all in all - if you are new to Stravinsky or a long time lover of his music - do not hesitate to buy this marvelous set !
B00447G2MK|5.0|A DAY TO REMEMBER IS A GREAT AND THAT MIX POP PUNK MELODY AND POST HARDCORE SCREAMS AND BREAKDOWNS VERY WELL TOGETHER TO MAKE A VERY UNIQUE SOUND THEY ARE AN ORIGINAL BAND THIS IS MY SECOND FAVORITE ALBUM THAT I OWN FROM THEM,BEHIND HOMESICK WHICH IS ALSO A GREAT ALBUM.
B00364K6YW|5.0|LOVE,LOVE this movie! makes a person believe tat you dont hav to come from the same social statis to find LOVE!
B004MNVKVO|5.0|Moving Pictures is one of the best rock albums ever made:  virtuoso playing, brilliant lyrics, and ... well, it just rocks!  This DTS mix just blows the doors off this album, sending it to a new level.  So many 5.1 mixes have vocals belting out of the center channel - this mix has great balance across all channels, creating a wall of sound that is immensely satisfying.  Love the beginning of \\"Camera Eye\\" - all the little details of radio voices and typewriters, with the synth popping out from all channels.  Great!  This is how I wish this album had sounded for the last 30 years.  Let's do \\"Permanent Waves\\" in 5.1 next.
1594202842|3.0|For me, the first 25 pages were hard to get through on this book because of the author's arrogance. She is so full of herself and I only hope her daughters' don't turn out like her!
B003J7HOKU|5.0|PARKWAY DRIVE ARE A VERY  HEAVY AND ALSO A VERY UNIQUE BAND I REALLY HAVE NEVER HEARD OF ANY HARDCORE AUSTRALIAN BANDS, OTHER THEN I KILLED THE PROM QUEEN THIS BAND IS AMAZING AND NO ONE  ELSE SOUNDS LIKE THEM.
0736083863|5.0|This is my second book from this author. It is definitely a useful learning tool, very comprehensive, well written, and well organized.
B003UESJHY|5.0|This is a great movie!  I'd recommend it to many people that I know.  Maybe even all my Facebook friends. But, I don't have any. A[...]  I'm a sad panda.
B004IQMXD4|3.0|I, too, am underwhelmed, a little disappointed and in the minority on this one.  I feel like I'm missing something because most everyone seems blown away by it.  I downloaded Secret Love the instant it was available as a single in February and have been waiting with great anticipation for this album's release.  I've played it several times and nothing jumps out as special.  Most of the songs sound fairly alike to me, and as another reviewer put it:  like she's just reading poetry to music, but the poetry lacks the beauty and power of what she has written in the past.  On the other hand, when I listened to Trouble In Shangri-La for the first time, Sorcerer - both the music & words - were stuck in my head after the first listening.  Nothing on this record grabs me that way -- Annabel Lee comes closest to being memorable.  I still love Stevie and will be listening to this album often but I just don't think it matches up to her other work.
B002ISID10|5.0|ASKING ALEXANDRIA ARE AN AMAZING METALCORE/ POST HARDCORE BAND WHO MIX HEAVY GUITAR RIFFS AND BREAKDOWNS WITH VERY MELODIC VOCALS AND HARDCORE SCREAMS WITH ALSO A MIX OF POP TECHNO BEATS,THEY ARE A VERY UNIQUE BAND AND ALSO  VERY ENTERTAINING.
B001P9EQH8|5.0|This is what i've been looking for. It's powering my Shure 440's very well and I can deffinately hear a difference. Minor at times but huge in others. The bass boost works as advertised and dosen't overpower or sound syntethic. it sounds real and is a very good thing to add. The battery on this would be for my usage around 11 hours so 3 days worth of battery which isn't bad considering this outputs 150mW @16Ohms and the ipod touch/iphone only puts out 5mW. I minused 1 star for the hissing when idle but its not really noticable when playing music. ok let me rephrase that. you can't tell the differnce at all. It's just that OCD thing that happens after u read the reviews and find out it has this thing and start listening for it. Once you hear it, you can't unhear it :/ the boost is great though. The cables are flimsy but then again you don't really need super thick cables anyway. A battery life of 11-15hrs of music at near full ipod touch blast is a pretty decent battery life but it just dies out of nowhere sometimes :/  And as everyone has heard already this is made by China and the battery comes charged :D
B004G6009U|5.0|Disney's take on the story of Rapunzel was absolutely fantastic. It's the first Disney movie in a long time that I felt worked well. Everything from the singing, to the animation to the jokes were top notch. It is the first movie my daughter sat down and took notice of a movie. It is also a movie that even I haven't gotten tired of when it has been watched over and over by my daughter. Even if you don't care for Disney movies (much like I didn't) you will love this. I haven't heard of anyone who thought the movie was bad.
B003UESJH4|5.0|There are other summary reviews, so this is primarily a marker to add this DVD to the other 125 that I recommend for smart people looking for only the very best.  Phenomenal and heart-warming.<br /><br />Here are ten other \\"life at the top\\" DVDs that I recommend in addition to this one (to see all 126, visit Phi Beta Iota the Public Intelligence Blog, go all the way to the bottom of the middle column under Reviews (I read in 98 categories so it is a long column), and click on Reviews (DVD Only).<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00432SORC manolete (Dvd) Italian Import]]<br />[[ASIN:B001DF67ZS Saving God]]<br />[[ASIN:B001C4AFOY The Young Victoria]]<br />[[ASIN:B002LBKDZI The Answer Man]]<br />[[ASIN:079284615X Henry V]]<br />[[ASIN:B000WGWQG8 John Adams (HBO Miniseries)]]<br />[[ASIN:B0010ZR160 Gone Baby Gone]]<br />[[ASIN:0783227973 Primary Colors]]<br />[[ASIN:B000I8OMDU The Theory of Everything]]<br />[[ASIN:B0000640RU Fidel]]
B0000AGWJ7|4.0|COMPARED TO THEIR FIRST ALBUM THE BAND GETS A LOT BETTER AND I DID ENJOY THIS ALBUM MORE THEN THE PREVIOUS ALBUM WHICH WAS THEIR FIST ONE WHICH IS CALLED SOUNDING THE SEVENTH TRUMPET.
B0042RUMIW|5.0|I will admit that, although i am 59 and have heard just about everything Sting and Co have put out since the beginning, I never was a huge fan of his. That all changed the other week when I happened to catch his \\"Live in Berlin\\" concert on HDNET. Actually, it was only about 45 minutes of the concert but it was enough to cause me to buy the Blu-ray.  I sat down last night and watched the entire disc including the added interview.   I have only one thing to say. Unless you only claim to know a lot about music and amazing performances but deep down are completely stunned, buy this disc. It is among the finest performances you will ever have the pleasure to enjoy. The music, the vocals, the entire production are \\"ne plus ultra\\". This will certainly go down as a benchmark of quality.    Yeah, I guess you could say i kinda liked it, eh.
B0034G4P80|4.0|Kenneth Branagh's film version of \\"Thor\\" packs an awful lot of story into an hour and forty-five minutes. By all rights it shouldn't work but \\"Thor\\" manages to be an entertaining, action packed thrill ride that juggles quite a few subplots VERY effectively. It shouldn't be a surprise though given that Branagh has done this juggling act before but with \\"Henry V\\" (which along with \\"King Lear\\" and the Arthur myth provided inspiration for the story as seen by the director)and other densely ploted plays by the Bard.<br /><br />Benefiting from a clever well written screenplay written by Ashley Miller, Zack Stenz and Don Payne(and based on a story by TV/film and comic book writer J. Michael Straczynski & Mark Protosevich which was, of couse, based on the comic book originally done by Jack Kirby, Stan Lee and Larry Leiber (Stan Lee's brother), \\"Thor\\" works so well because of the unifying vision of Branagh who sees the film as a comic book version of classic, action packed plays and literature. Chris Hemsdale (\\"Star Trek\\")makes the main character appealing despite his vanity and ego as portrayed early on in the film while Tom Hiddleston does a fine job playing Thor's brother and main rival for the throne Loki.<br /><br />Spoilers:<br /><br />Banished to Earth because of his arrogance, ego and for almost breaking the peace with the Frost Giants by his father King Odin (Anthony Hopkins), Thor finds adjusting to being a human a difficult experience. Scientist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) is fascinated with Thor and believes he holds the answers to a weird scientific event that occurred in the New Mexico desert when he first appeared. He finds himself thrust into the role of Earth's protector when Loki unleases the Destroyed on Earth to kill Thor and when Loki betrays his people to help Odin's nemesis the Frost Giants come to power.<br /><br />Spoilers End:<br /><br />Fans of \\"The Avengers\\" comics should also watch for a cameo by Jeremy Renner as Clint Barton aka Hawkeye and, of course, Samuel L. Jackson in a cameo at the conclusion of the film.<br /><br />Updated for Blu-ray: The Blu-ray has a number of cool special features but I most enjoyed the cut/extended scenes and the director's commentary which was quite insightful.<br /><br />Image quality was amazing truly a demo quality Blu-ray.<br /><br />Recommended.clusion of the film.  Updated for Blu-ray: The Blu-ray has a number of cool special features but I most enjoyed the cut/extended scenes and the director's commentary which was quite insightful.  Image quality was amazing truly a demo quality Blu-ray.  Recommended.
B004Q1FDHO|3.0|I like others have an issue with lockups on the Droid X.  I wish I didnt as what I have played was fun.  It did work without lockups on the Galaxy Tab.  Too bad I dont carry it around with me.  If I didnt have any lockups I would give it 5 stars for an app of this quality.
B0009I7NNA|5.0|THE GUITAR WORK  AND MELODY IN THIS ALBUM IS AMAZING AND THAT IS THE REASON WHY IT IS MY FAVORITE AVENGED SEVENFOLD ALBUM.
B0041I0N9A|5.0|I don´t know who loves much more this \\"toy\\"? My son or...? It´s a toy, but it´s a model too!
B002N5N5QQ|2.0|Far from classic and far from must see... Firstly, production values..  Cheesy comes to mind... Dialogue and acting are both overblown and   Full of testosterone induced comatose... Sopranos destroys SOA. Deadwood   Destroys SOA... Carnivale, etc... This show fails to show realism and will  constantly insult those with above average intelligence... It's basically   a soap opera for men who think they are \\"real men\\"... I tried.... Wanted to  like the show but its bogged down by its own false sense of realism. Just wasn't   a favorite of mine.
B0034G4P80|4.0|Natalie Portman starts out the film as an astrophysicist in the New Mexico desert. There appears to be some kind of UFO crash, as apparently aliens have the ability to fly all over the planet without crashing, except New Mexico. The movie then flashes back to 985 AD in a heavily CG background as Asgard, led by Odin, aka Anthony Hopkins, is fighting the frost giants, who look like blue skinned versions of Freddie Kruger. They end up with a truce. During the coronation ceremony of Thor, a frost giant enters the realm of Asgard and disrupts the ceremony (why this was done at the time was a mystery). Thor in his passion leads a group of warriors to the planet of the frost giants to teach them a lesson. The simple touch of a frost giant freezes the skin like liquid nitrogen. This was great in 2D, I can only imagine what the CG graphics was like in 3D.<br /><br />Odin is upset with Thor and takes his hammer and powers. He banishes Thor who speeds to earth only to crash into Natalie Portman and company in the desert (beginning scene). A bad hammer pun and a taser later, Thor is on his way to medical. The hammer lands elsewhere in the desert and is lodged like the Sword in the Stone. A group of yokels gather to have a cook out and attempt to remove said hammer...until the FEDS show up.<br /><br />The film moves back and forth between events on earth and in Asgard, as Loki has assumed the throne of his ailing father. In order to convince the audience this is the real Thor, he speaks a Middle Earth style of English, making over frequent use of the word \\"realm.\\" It works well as it allows him to flirt with Natalie Portman, who he thinks is the most clever person on the planet. (Isn't this one of the seven signs?) Perhaps the movie's biggest fault is that is attempts to link mythology, science fiction and science fact is such a way a 9 year old might buy it.<br /><br />Like good trekkies, Thor's friends come to earth to rescue him, because the needs of the one out weigh the needs of the many. They show up and are as conspicuous as Vikings in a credit card commercial. Memorable line: Stop! You are using unregistered weapons technology!\\"<br /><br />For me the story wasn't light enough. There were a few comic lines attempted to break up the seriousness of the film, but it needed more of them. I was hoping for something along the lines of Iron Man 1. Perhaps the worst I have seen Ms. Portman in a while was her parsed OMG line. Other than that one bad line, she was great.<br /><br />No sex, no nudity, no f-bombs. Safe for the kiddies. They should love it.show up and are as conspicuous as Vikings in a credit card commercial. Memorable line: Stop! You are using unregistered weapons technology!\\"     For me the story wasn't light enough. There were a few comic lines attempted to break up the seriousness of the film, but it needed more of them. I was hoping for something along the lines of Iron Man 1. Perhaps the worst I have seen Ms. Portman in a while was her parsed OMG line. Other than that one bad line, she was great.    No sex, no nudity, no f-bombs. Safe for the kiddies. They should love it.
B000V6BE6C|3.0|THIS ALBUM IS OK BUT I PREFER CITY OF EVIL IT SOUNDS A LOT BETTER BUT THIS IS STILL ONE OF MY FAVORITE BANDS.
B004LAIU4I|3.0|[Based upon Amazon \\"Samples\\"].<br /><br />The title tune, plus two. The deeper fan has a very well-produced album with superb guitar and singing by the man, to compensate.<br /><br />As a reviewer said above, if you still have your vinyl copies of his classics, you really don't *need* this one.<br /><br />Yes, it's only Rock and Roll, but when these rock and rollers, past age 64, bounce back, confidently but cautiously, with their \\"signature sound\\", it can be very...edgy. (\\"Where's that 'Bridge Over Troubled Waters' album?...). Who can forget that video clip of Simon and Garfunkle recording that classic. That's the problem. The contrast is too much. And we are served with that typically arid aurality, all electronically-generated. *Acoustic* stuff needs...fresh air swirling around it.<br /><br />I was already bummed out by \\"You Can Call Me Al\\", one of the very worst songs by one of the very best artists - 24 years ago. Despite magnificent backing by South African artists, we got the same \\"please love me again\\" subtext we have here.<br /><br />(Can someone explain the meaning of the phrase \\"So Beautiful or So What\\"? Beauty's in the proverbial eye of the beholder? If you can't say something nice, don't anything at all? Maybe \\"DNA Strand\\" would have sufficed? Is \\"So Beautiful...\\" one of 50 ways to title an album?).
B004MC8CA2|2.0|Great book of fiction. Series of imaginary short storeys. Conceived and written by, biased, chauvinistic, and delusional men. A God would have to be better than this.
B004E2XAFW|5.0|I recieved my copy of Within Temptations The Unforgiving two days after i ordered it and I love it.  I would definitaly recomend it 100%. Everything came out perfect no scratches, dents in the cover, or any damages. I was so pleased with the CD and amazon services that have bought two more CD's since this one and looking to buy another soon.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Amazingly simple full featured app. waking up to a playlist solves all my problems. Large snooze button is great &amp; awesome ability to fine tune each individual alarm in advanced settings.
1439107955|5.0|Mark Twain said the following about history: \\"History can carry on no successful competition with news, in the matter of sharp interest. When an eye-witness sets down in narrative form some extraordinary occurrence which he has witnessed, that is news -- that is the news form, and its interest is absolutely indestructible; time can have no deteriorating effect upon that episode.\\"<br /><br />So Siddhartha Mukherjee, as an eye-witness to cancer, has set down in this utterly fresh and brilliant account, the sharp and indestructible news of what cancer's existence in the human race has been and continues to be. He has carefully tracked the noteworthy footprints cancer has left in the historical records and brought cancer's biography all the way to the present day. It is a story almost of death itself, in all its complexities, terrors, and relentless pursuits of the living. But it is also the story of life as well, as Mukherjee leads us to understand that cancer as we understand it today is a mutated mime of normal living cells. No one \\"cure\\" will emerge, as Mary Lasker and Sidney Farber hoped, but perhaps a single strategy of targeted interventions on mutated proteins will lead to control until the deeper mechanisms at work are more fully understood.<br /><br />One thing is clear: Basic undifferentiated research and serendipitous discoveries have played major roles in our understanding of what cancer is. We can never know what will emerge from the lab or from the mind of a researcher who suddenly might piece together parts of the puzzle that lie before him or her. This book opened my eyes to that and gave me newfound appreciation of those toiling ceaselessly in labs and clinics across the world.<br /><br />The other thing that is clear is that to read this book on cancer is to give it shape, history, understanding, and a means to deal with what most of us consider a terrifying monster. Knowledge of the genetic mechanisms at work and of the successes and failures of interventions over the years lets us have some feeling of progress in the midsts of our sorrows and despairs. The monster remains with us, but we are looking deeper and deeper into its seemingly immortal heart. I urge everyone to read this story of the beast, as told by a clear-headed, humane, and brilliant eye-witness to the beast's destructive force and vulnerabilities.ears lets us have some feeling of progress in the midsts of our sorrows and despairs. The monster remains with us, but we are looking deeper and deeper into its seemingly immortal heart. I urge everyone to read this story of the beast, as told by a clear-headed, humane, and brilliant eye-witness to the beast's destructive force and vulnerabilities.
B000AJIAOO|5.0|I had gotten a CD from amazon and was so pleased with it i decided to buy another which was this CD. It is unavailable in stores where im located and amazon was the solution to my dilema. I received this CD two days after a ordered it as promised and im very pleased i again decided to buy another. I love the CD and would honestly buy it again from amazon over and over again
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Forget this rubbish and wait for the unaltered versions. If you give this as a present to someone they're bound to be happy right up until the moment they actually watch it and realise George has messed around with it.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I really love this game, we play every Saturday night and lots of friends come over to play. It is fun!!!
B0045NXMMQ|5.0|i too have tbi and the way they deliever that aspect in this wonderful movie just makes me happy. i love the whole idea of this movie. amazon delievered to me in 100% postitve way. i would always use amazon and the other companies i have ordered
B001UV4XHY|1.0|Like so many other reviewers my family found ourselves listening to a sound track while straining at a nearly black screen. We had heard this episode was 'dark' but really? I adjusted the brightness, sharpness and contrast settings on the television to the highest points and we could then see the images although the colors were gray and murky. This should be an unnecessary step to view a new digital release.
B002VWNID6|1.0|First, the video was very grainy, and then only half of the movie played! I checked out the scene selection. Only half the chapters? Hmm. I pulled out the DVD, looks like this thing is two sided. Sure enough! The grainy second half was on the other side!    I don't understand why this version - with no trailers for other movies or other non-sense to clutter the disk could not get the entire movie on one side.    The movie is great, but I would look for different packaging
B001UV4XHY|5.0|it is a great movie and i didn't want it to end like it did cause i liked the story so much that i wanted to see it to the end. it makes me want to watch the part 2 even more. a great story
B001N1DPDE|5.0|This is a great knife for survival purposes. The blade is heavy duty and very strong. A great chopper. I actually removed the epoxy coating and I noticed it slices better. I finished it by sanding it smooth and polishing the blade using a polishing wheel in my bench grinder with very fine polishing compound. I oil it when I am out in the field. When I come back home I clean it and polish it (a quick touch up, less than 5 minutes) and it gets a mirror shine again. I don't have any corrosion problems. I modified the sheath to have horizontal carry. It fits perfectly horizontally in the middle of my back. Sometimes I use it when I am taking a long hike. Amazon came through with excellent service. I received the item in timely maner and it was packed perfectly. I am sure this knife will last a long time. It is built very well. I highly recommend it. Just remember it is a heavy large knife and it takes a little time to get used to it.
B004G6009K|5.0|I have two boys and at first I hesitated because it was a story about a princess, however, my boys loved it, there were plenty of male characters that was in the story to keep my boys entertained. Great story line. I highly recommend.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|they stay true to the story that Kirkman  wrote. and the way the filmed it is great. again i wish they did them all, i want to keep watching the whole story. it is awesome. i am a zombie fan. the whole serious if it is still done by the same people it will all turn out great. i am looking forward to the rest
B003VDZK8K|1.0|sorry guys but if you like this then all you know is pop music. this is a caricature of poo with lead representatives that get laid by girls that don't know better. FAIL.
B003K1EYM6|1.0|I called the company headquarters in New York and they told me to be patience... They sent it by the us post office.  I have requested a new shipment but it has not arrived....I would not order from this vendor  Peter, San Francisco
B004I11VZ0|5.0|it is the second movie and it is not as good as the first one but it is a great story. it is more about the family then the first movie was
B000000YBQ|5.0|I am no critic but I have a library of Jazz that near the thousand mark. This is without a question my personal favorite album ever recorded. Scott LaFaro is an absolute creative genius and left a trail that nobody has been able to follow to this day. This is by far THE TRIO that will always stand the test of time and forever be studied in higher learning.
B004I2K4E8|5.0|We have seen Les Miz over 15 times in the theater.  We own the 10th Anniversary DVD.  WHY would I purchase the 25th Anniversary?  Are the songs different? NO! Is the performance better than the 10th Anniversary production? NO! Will I but the 35th Anniversary, and still around the 50th Anniversary production?  YES!  It is Les Miserables!  We have watched the 10th & the 25th through since this arrived twice!  It is WONDERFUL!
1594202842|5.0|I read many of the reviews on here and I am surprised at the vitriol. I absolutely disagree with Amy Chua's parenting style. I am a product of tiger parents, and I put an ocean between us just to escape them and to try to limit the damage. I personally found the book very enlightening, as I've always wondered what was going through my parents' mind when they treated me in that way. If you are looking for redemption, I am not sure you will find much. The change in Chua was forced upon her by her headstrong daughter, who I sincerely idolized while reading this book. Had I had an infinitesimal part of her courage when I was growing up, my life would be very different now. Kudos to Lulu.     However, Amy Chua is by no means the devil in this book and it is unmistakable that her intentions were good (even though terribly short sighted and maybe selfish). She did damage forever her relationship with her daughters, and that is very sad. I know that I will never be close to my mother because of her parenting style. That is something you never get back. Amy Chua will forever be punished for her mistakes as a parent. That is a consequence she will have to live with. However: It is not our place to judge her as a person. She has gone through a lot, and I think she was very brave to approach this topic with such candor.     The book is very well written, it is funny in some parts, infuriating in others, but without losing its humanity. When we hear about Amy Chua's losses, our hearts break for her. She is not a monster. She is fallible and was misguided in her unshakable sense of superiority of the \\"Chinese\\" way over the American way. By the end of the book, she does change her tactics towards her daughter, but she makes it very clear that she still thinks that the \\"western\\" way of mollifying the children and praising them for trying is a fool's errand. Maybe she will never stop being conceited but that doesn't detract from the fact that this was a very worth-wile book to read.
B0031RAOW8|5.0|Not much to say other than the title of this review.  This might be \\"Hollywoodized\\" in parts, but knowing the true story, this was an amazing dog.
0817439390|5.0|For those of us who take the \\"science of photography\\" more seriously than others this book is a must read.  Bryan Peterson is excellent in explaining what's involved to create proper exposures.  His style of writing directs you right to the point with clear rules and guidelines for doing what's best to take photos properly. You'll learn so much from every chapter but what stands out is the criticality of creating a storytelling composition.  I highly recommend this book and keeping it handy for reference.  Then watch your skills and improvement take your photography to the next level.   Enjoy!
B000Y7U98C|3.0|Upon recommendation from friends, I got this film for it's concept and the cast - particularly Rose Byrne and Cillian Murphy.  It's also features Chris Evans, the new Captain America.      The concept is quite good - a mission to re-fire the sun in a distant future where it's starting to die and can no longer support life on Earth.    All of the talent perform quite well, but the movie takes a regrettable turn after the first hour.  It starts with a decidedly 2001 feel to it and unfortunately reverts to a fairly standard villain movie toward the end.      For me, it just appeared that the concept script was one thing, but Alex Garland (the writer) and Danny Boyle (director) had to make some changes in order to get the movie made.      I honestly didn't care for the last 20-30 minutes as it turned into a roving psychopath movie.  So much promise, so little payoff.
B0002ADY1K|4.0|After the release of the excellent Demons and Wizards set, Heep were now beginning to see a bit of success and the classic line-up of Box, Byron, Hensley, Thain and Kerslake would soon find themselves amongst the elite of the rock and roll scene(and all of its trappings). Merely 6 months after touring behind \\"Wizards\\" the group released Magician's Birthday and yet another offering was seen and heard as of equal quality to the previous release. Ken Hensley was very prolific again on this outing with no less than the bulk of the album in 5 songs which include: Sunrise, Echoes in the Dark, Rain, Tales and Blind Eye.<br /><br />The material is up to snuff and the band is on point here; Sunrise is a powerful opener with some great ensemble work interplay and the top notch vocals from David Byron and there's some nice slide work from Ken on Spider Woman which is a bluesy rocker written by the band minus Hensley. Sweet Lorraine would prove to be a great live number and is one of Heep's most enduring numbers like July Morning or Easy Livin'. Other numbers worth of mention are the more acoustic folk-like tracks in Blind Eye and Tales; Blind Eye is a bit upbeat while Tales has a ponderous and surreal-like quality in its undertones.<br /><br />The album peaks with the title track and although its well over ten minutes in length, it seems more like a pieced together type of number wherein it starts out with its main riff and song pattern then follows into a \\"dream\\" sequence(the idea here is Box and Kerslake are swordfighting according to the \\"concept\\") and finally the coda enters which gives an anti-climatic ending, I feel. In the 2003 remaster liner notes, Ken Hensley stated that they never quite got to finishing the track or having enough time to really bring the album to its full vision as they originally planned. With this in mind, it makes one listen a bit closer to it and you can agree with Hensley's statements in some respects to the title track yet, overall, the album really is a great piece of work in general and remains one of their most classic outputs.<br /><br />There are also some bonus outtakes included here on the Sanctuary remaster in the shapes of Crystal Ball(written by Gary Thain), Silver White Man(David Byron) and another version of Hensley's Proud Words on a Dusty Shelf which was included in another form on the Demons and Wizards remaster. All of these tracks have a unique quality of appeal to the die-hard fan and its interesting to hear stuff that is obscure or was forgotten. But anyway, Magician's Birthday is certainly worth owning as it joins Demons and Wizards and Sweet Freedom in a triad of consistent material and continued to push the band to grow more musically within their talents. 4 Solid Stars.piece of work in general and remains one of their most classic outputs.     There are also some bonus outtakes included here on the Sanctuary remaster in the shapes of Crystal Ball(written by Gary Thain), Silver White Man(David Byron) and another version of Hensley's Proud Words on a Dusty Shelf which was included in another form on the Demons and Wizards remaster. All of these tracks have a unique quality of appeal to the die-hard fan and its interesting to hear stuff that is obscure or was forgotten. But anyway, Magician's Birthday is certainly worth owning as it joins Demons and Wizards and Sweet Freedom in a triad of consistent material and continued to push the band to grow more musically within their talents. 4 Solid Stars.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|I've owned my G-13 for a few months now and I'm in love with this thing! I'm a female gamer with smaller hands and have found a keyboard to lack the comfort I need. Since buying my G-13, I haven't had a single cramp on the top of my hand, unlike during keyboard usage.    It LOOKS a little weird maybe, but the comfort level is amazing. I have so many keys that I never use my keyboard for anything BUT typing in chats anymore lol.    I really like the customizable colors and that there are three profile possibilities to allow for others to use it or even allow me to program bindings to fit whether I'm melee, ranged, or even a healer. On top of that, the software is easy to use and program from the most complex macros to the simplest of keybinds. The LCD manager has become my best friend, allowing easy view of my armor durability and stats. The backlit keys really allow for an easy glimpse of the keys whether in a well-lit room or not. The indented 'home row' buttons are a great feature too.    There really isn't a single thing about this product that I'm not happy about. I had looked around for similar products and considered getting the smaller styles since I didn't need quite so many buttons, but settled on the G-13 simply due to how much more comfortable it looked compared to the competition. I've learned one thing though while using my G-13... you can NEVER have too many buttons - you will always find a use for them ;)    Happy shopping and good luck!
B004XDYJRU|2.0|I love the selection &amp; interface. However, on my droid incredible, the app stops streaming as soon as the screen goes to sleep. It's useless if I have to keep the screen on in order to stream radio. Haven't been able to find a workaround.
B0042RJWTC|1.0|Don't order this until the DVD manufacturer can figure out how to make DVDs that work.  I was very disappointed to find that the 4th disc of the 2nd season won't play on my DVD player, my computer, or my PS3.  I had gone on here to order the series previously and Amazon had a note come up that they had suspended sales of the series until a glitch was worked out.  When I went on to check on it, they had the series available so I thought the issue had been resolved.  I was very disappointed to discover otherwise...
B000O8OTNC|4.0|Its a lightweight, compact sharpener that can also sharpen serrations. It takes no skill whatsoever to get a knife decently sharp. The two levels of sharpening work pretty well. Good for beginners or those who don't want to spend any time sharpening.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Great game- graphics are a lot better than the original and seasons versions.  Works great on my R2D2.  My only complaint: We're a week into May, so where's the update?!
B003NWS5AO|5.0|Scientist have this concept in Physics called the Unified Field Theory. The theory which is still not proven and that researchers have been working on for decades unifies all of nature (energy, small and large atomic force, electromagnetic waves and gravity) into one energy. All is the same across this universe or any other - if they can find the theory hiding in some dark corner of the Cosmos.    This CD from Plant and the Band of Joy demonstrates almost all musical types, forces, energy and features. I first saw a live performance of this music on the PBS series Artists Den and broke my fingers ordering the CD from Amazon before the show was over. Is there any Led Zeppelin rehash? No but Zepp is there. Does it go off base in any way? No but it does make hard rock fans admirers of country and folk themed music. Does it rock? Oh Yea...but it sneaks up on you.    Plant's vocals are, of course impeccable. The Band of Joy is simply amazing in their practiced, yet wild musical ability. All of them! They all play many different instruments - very well. They all sing and what singing it is. It is the PERFECT band that can pull off everything while making it look (more importantly sound) easy.     Cuts from this CD can and will be played on country stations, blues outlets, X-radio, gospel radio, Rock, Pop, the more metal parts of the dial and at folk coffee houses.     When you are with your country western friends slip \\"Falling in Love Again\\" on the CD or ipod - they'll ask if it was George Jones or Garth. In your car with your beat-nick friend play \\"Cindy, I'll Marry You Someday Day\\" - you'll be invited to meet their other bearded buddies. In a group of church people? Just put on \\"Satan Your Kingdom Must Come Down\\" it will testify to all. Want to blues rock your brains out? \\"Even This Shall Pass Away\\" will do the trick.    If this is not the best its one of the 5 best CDs I've ever had the pleasure to enjoy. By the way, my collection includes everything from Mozart to Billy Joel to Peter, Paul and Mary and yes, Led Zeppelin 2. If you don't like this Plant CD, you probably didn't understand Zepp back in 1967.    The scientist are still searching for their Unified Field Theory - music people have found ours: Robert Plant and the Band of Joy.
B0002KZAKS|5.0|I've used the Shure SM58 for over 30 years, and started using the Behringer XM8500 a couple years ago. I am blown away by the XM8500 mic's presence and cheap price tag! I did a live mic test for an audience - singing through each mic - most people were neutral on either the SM58 and the XM8500 - but I had some avid music listeners prefer the Behringer! Just a fantastic microphone!
193413712X|4.0|I agree with many of the commentators who are concerned with the haphazardness of plot - those who \\"want Anna Karenina\\" will be disappointed here.  But in the hazy ground between poetry and prose, and in fact in the very opacity of our own lives and loves, this book should have a place.  We understand ourselves only retrospectively, and those great jumps in career and action are filled in by imagination and longing.  Tinkers gives us the same, but with words put together like a stonemason might construct one of those New England stone walls, which are then further laid to rest by the wind, the frost, the rain.      Read it slowly, with patience.  It's there to savor; elegaic, lovely, slow, and thoughtful.
0545101425|5.0|Great ending of a great series.  The audiobook on Audible is very well done.  That version includes an interesting 5 minutes with the author on the sources of her idea for the series.  I thought her source was pro football, but it wasn't.
1400052181|5.0|I love the book - I had to buy it for a class and when I heard non-fiction, I was expecting something dreadful, but this book is anything but.  It reads like a novel, and the information presented is easy to understand and follow, plus, what with so many characters, there are family trees and character lists (along with who did what) in the back to help keep it all straight.  Wonderful book, and it shipped very quickly.
0545091020|5.0|Perfect for making a long trip or commute sail by.  Highly recommended (as my nephew and his parents recommended it to me).  We listened to the first book on CDs, then downloaded the next two as Audible books.  The narrator is terrific.  As a grown-up and a guy, I'm not the target reader.  And there is more text devoted to \\"stunning outfits\\" and celebrity status and teen romance than I'd like.  But I still could not put it down until the last word in the last book.  And then I listened to the last hour of the last book again.
B002VRZEYM|5.0|This movie will really open your eyes to the state of food production in the USA.  Don't watch if you're not prepared to have some things change for you.  Good movie!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am 5'9 and have normally been a size 10, the lowest weight I have been was 167 but still a size 10. I currently weigh 173 and have been doing this workout for 3 months and now I am in a size 8..I can see a huge difference in my arms, hips and stomach area. Right before I purchased this DVD I went and bought 2 body formed control shapers to keep my muffin top from showing in cute tops with jeans...I have not wore them once and I was able to see a difference in weeks doing this DVD.    I thought I needed to get below 170 again to see a difference in the way my clothing fit but now I realize I was just not toned.....Toning my body and losing weight is like comparing apples to oranges when it comes to my view. Sure you still need to lose  if your truly over weight but I found since I was within my target area of weight I just needed to put the time in to better tone my shape...
B0043RSJ8G|1.0|Read the sample, then read the music intro that told what it was Really about.  Its NOT a good book to read. Total waste of time.
B004EC5IUW|5.0|I watched Eva 1.11 a few years ago when the English version was released and I was pleasantly surprised with how the director changed the show without sacrificing its core values. Well Eva 2.22 is showing how the Eva series still delivers, I was mesmerized by how sharp and clean the movie was and still using the original drawings and characters, but adding new ones and new Eva's at the same time, slightly changes to the story help those who had a hard time understanding the original Eva Series, understand just what the director was trying to get across in his production. The ending of the movie was brilliant and has left be in suspense waiting for the next installment. Ohh I wish it was done by now, ohh well, just a few more years I guess.
0887307280|5.0|I am an ex-military officer and small business owner for 20 years.  This is the best management book I have ever read.  More important than the nuts and bolts is the philosophy behind what Gerber says. If one really digs into the truth about how business run, they will become Gerber guru's, as I have.  Every time I stray from what he has said, I run into problems.  And it is a lot of work, a lot of work that pays off in the long run, and is well worth it.  What I thought would be a 6 month \\"gerber\\" project, is now going on 6 years.  But, and even though we are small,we have turned into an industry leader and standard setter.  All of our metrics are returning exceptional numbers, and we now are starting to compete and beat companies that are 100 times our size.  Most of my fellow business peers are not willing to invest for the long term by investing in the e-myth philosophy and they are confined by the limits of their own circle of personal influence. Many experiencing first hand the \\"myth\\" of e-myth that Gerber refers to.  My bottom line feeling is, if you want to own a business, do it the E-myth way, or don't do it at all.
B004K4IZ3G|5.0|A great follow-up for one of the all time greats! Tron stimulated the mind in a way that was exciting and somehow put you right there with the players. Tron: Legacy brings back that excitement and builds the story from the beginning to a thrilling climax. Bruce Boxleitner and Jeff Bridges are the inventors and players in both movies.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|good game but needs more levels. i like the idea of freeing the trapped birds. works great on the droid 2 global.
B00005AXEL|5.0|I am currently listening to her new CD-In Your Dreams which made me remember her last CD.  The only problem is the first single from this cd Every Day-I like the song but do not love-is the worst song on the album, I was surpised it was a the lead single.  I have always loved her voice.  Whenever she released something with Fleetwood Mac-I always went to the songs she had vocals on then listened to the rest of the CD.<br /><br />I listened to this CD all of the time, 100's of times and I am not over exaggerating on that fact.  Too Close to Texas, Trouble in Shangri-La and Sorceror were my favorites.  The songs were mysterious, rich and made you think.<br /><br />If you had to buy one Stevie Nicks solo CD-this should be your first.<br /><br />Excellent-love you Stevie
B004EQAVHI|4.0|O.K so before I start reviewing this film. I just wanna clear one thing, for all of those who are planning on watching it or considering to, and have no idea what this film is about.<br /><br />The story is more like a \\"What If....\\" and it goes from there. Basically the film events is centered on an issue that is \\"realistic\\" but has an \\"un-realistic\\" solution. The movie focuses on \\"Organ donation\\", which is something we have in our world today. I'm sure you've heard or knew of someone who either needs an Organ transplant in order to live or has donated an Organ for someone who needs it. However, in this movie [normal people] do not need to donate their organs for others to live, because there is a group of children especially created for that purpose and that purpose alone. They are made and created by scientists in order to donate their organs for the sake of others. Are these kids robots ? So you say. Well, no they are not. If they were machines or robots it wouldn't be possible for them to serve their purpose of organ donation duh ! Here we have [real] kids, who are basically modeled on existed people or what else we would call [cloning]. Of course, they have no past, no parents or family members but oddly enough those colons can feel just like we do and they can love too. The only difference is they have a limited life line, since after they reach their 30s and up to their third donation they usually suffer from complications and die.<br /><br />The film follows the lives of three of what I would like to call them [donation kids], from childhood till adulthood. Throughout the film they act human enough, there is all the human emotions you can imagine. Love, Hate, Jealousy, Drama, starving to get attention not wanting to be left behind etc....<br /><br />Well, I really don't know how I can categorize this film. I mean it is Sci-Fi without actually being Sci/Fi. Like you won't see any of your typical High-Tech equipments that we often see in Sci/Fi movies. There aren't any robots or aliens coming from other Galaxies either. Seriously there is hardly any indication that it's a Sci/Fi film. You won't be finding any action, laser guns, star wars fighting scenes or anything like that. Yes, there is a Conflict but it's not the war of the galaxies or the colons trying to take over the world kinda thing. So, Sci/Fi fans will probably be disappointed but Drama and Romance lovers I think will love this film more.<br /><br />I personally didn't find any problem watching it, because I love almost all film genders from a varying degree. Except Sci/Fi is my least favorite of all but I liked this movie and I think those who hate Sci/Fi will like it too.<br /><br />I liked the idea behind the story, I liked the concept. I didn't read the book. I don't know how accurate the movie is. However, I got the idea and I did enjoy it. It really got me thinking about is cloning people, is creating new lives in order to save others worth it ? Is making children for the purpose of stretching the human life span longer is the answer ? Well, I did feel a bit of My sister's Keeper there. Except this movie is totally different than My Sister's Keeper.<br /><br />I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys those type of \\"What if...\\" movies. Like what I said Action fans will be disappointed.liens coming from other Galaxies either. Seriously there is hardly any indication that it's a Sci/Fi film. You won't be finding any action, laser guns, star wars fighting scenes or anything like that. Yes, there is a Conflict but it's not the war of the galaxies or the colons trying to take over the world kinda thing. So, Sci/Fi fans will probably be disappointed but Drama and Romance lovers I think will love this film more.    I personally didn't find any problem watching it, because I love almost all film genders from a varying degree. Except Sci/Fi is my least favorite of all but I liked this movie and I think those who hate Sci/Fi will like it too.     I liked the idea behind the story, I liked the concept. I didn't read the book. I don't know how accurate the movie is. However, I got the idea and I did enjoy it. It really got me thinking about is cloning people, is creating new lives in order to save others worth it ? Is making children for the purpose of stretching the human life span longer is the answer ? Well, I did feel a bit of My sister's Keeper there. Except this movie is totally different than My Sister's Keeper.    I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys those type of \\"What if...\\" movies. Like what I said Action fans will be disappointed.
B00479SVBU|5.0|Simple to use, the right size, great sound. I have tried several other means and devices to play music thru my car radio, with mixed results. This little device works great! I like using the usb port to plug-in a memory stick with files loaded. Easy to use. I would buy again!
B004IQMXD4|2.0|The sound is overmixed.crappy songs with crappy lyrics.Stevie has such a great voice.why hide it? Every song on this album sounds the same.... Stevie needs to use Producer John shanks and come up with something fresh.I have been a fan for countless years.Go back before Fleetwood Mac to the Buckingham Nicks Album.Now... There is a fresh thought !!!!
B003L77GH4|5.0|\\"Always have a Plan B,\\" says Katherine -- and a Plan C, Plan D, Plan E, on out to infinity. Yes, there's Romance here, so \\"Twilight\\" fans won't be disappointed. But that's not the reason why this series is un-put-downable. It's how all the characters are constantly out-maneuvering each other, like some massive game of WIzard's Chess. Just when you think you know what's about to happen, suddenly somebody switches sides for improved survival odds, or their assumptions turn out to be red herrings. You can't predict anything with this show. Just strap yourself in for the ride of your life, with some of the most delicious hotties on the small screen.
0316069353|4.0|We're not as fond of Connelly's Mickey Haller (\\"The Lincoln Lawyer\\") as we are of good ol' Harry Bosch, but both the author and the lawyer are getting a lot of notoriety from the recent movie release. In \\"Fifth\\" (a title we densely never did figure out...), despite Haller's financial woes (business is tough in this fourth entry in the series), the Lincoln pretty much gives way to an office, a young female associate they've nicknamed Bullochs for some reason, a secretary, and an investigator - almost sounds like a law firm!! The plot revolves around Mickey's client, activist Lisa Trammel, whose home is in foreclosure; she becomes a minor national celebrity as Connelly uses her to diss the current scene involving unscrupulous mortgage and eviction procedures. When the head of the mortgage unit in question is murdered, Lisa becomes the prime suspect, and eventually enough evidence is collected to charge and try her. Most of the book then covers the courtroom machinations, to which Connelly does such justice, especially with clueing us in to the attorney's strategies and tactics, that we might well have thought Grisham or Martini was the writer! Maybe Connelly has a future in the courtroom!<br /><br />At any rate, whether Haller can get Lisa off, especially in the face of some daunting DNA evidence (ala \\"OJ\\"), creates quite a bit of suspense, especially with the defendant so emphatically declaring her total innocence. A twist at the end somewhat unties all the ribbons, so kudos for Connelly cleverly turning the story upside down in the final chapter, reminding us of the \\"multiple endings\\" of some of the Bosch series. There are several asides from the main plot, as Bullochs and Haller debate how to handle the question of a client's innocence (or not), as well as some forays into Haller's personal life re his ex-wife, etc. - such fleshing out always adds a little meat to the bones. Yet, for the second time recently, we seemed to enjoy it more during the reading than during the afterglow - maybe that ending just didn't \\"appeal.\\"fterglow - maybe that ending just didn't \\"appeal.\\"
B0041KKYDI|3.0|127 hours is very slow.james franco is ok,but lets face it he is no tom hanks,and he certainly did not deserve his oscar nomination for best actor.i do not like the director who also directed 2008's much over blown slumdog millionaire(which i hated)
0553584537|3.0|A friend whose reading opinions we favor sicced us on to Lisa Gardner, so we thought we'd try her D.D. Warren series, starting with numero uno \\"Alone\\". Ironically, D.D. makes little more than a token appearance as one of the police detectives working the case at hand, and even then her approach per se is seriously superficial. In the story, a police SWAT-team sniper, Bobby Dodge, makes the difficult decision to kill a man threatening his wife and small child with a gun. He then experiences all kinds of psychological distress over the killing, particularly when the dead man's father, a wealthy and powerful local judge, decides to file a civil suit against him for murder. The plot sickens when Dodge gets involved with the widow, after which another murder only adds to the police suspicions that Dodge was either manipulated by the widow or in a conspiracy with her to do the bad deeds. Meanwhile, enter yet another bad guy recently released from prison who had kidnapped the widow as a child, and even more dangers lurk in this twisty plot. A strange set of sicknesses of the widow's four-year-old Nathan, only add to the puzzle.<br /><br />We found the book a little ho-hum, as the back story premises that explain the character's current behaviors were somewhat trite. Detective Warren's role is so trivial one suspects she was just a bit player the author only later decided to expand into a series leading lady. But, the plot was somewhat complicated and suspenseful, showing enough promise that we are encouraged to pursue the later stories in this set which seem to enjoy better reviews that this first work. We shall see.
B0041KKYEW|5.0|black swan is the best movie of 2010!! natalie portman gives the best performance of her career,maybe the best acting i have ever seen!!
B000O75F7C|5.0|Dark, deep, powerful, wonderfully executed, artsy, rocking, audiophile quality, and melodic = I am undeniably hooked.    Great band, great songs, not to be missed!
0316067938|3.0|This book was purchased as a gift for the teenage daughter of a close friend of mine, who was apparently not able to locate it from local dealers. She already had several books in this series, and wanted this one to \\"round out\\" her collection. The only comment I received on it was that she was very happy to have received it. That is the only \\"review\\" I can furnish.
B0034G4ORC|4.0|The best thing I'd have to say about this film is that it gives a pretty accurate depiction of how Marines act with each other.  I was a Marine and there aren't too many other films that even come close.  There are some simple detail errors they made (Marines don't say \\"1400 hours\\" for the time, they would simply say \\"1400\\") that they make but it's still quite accurate.<br /><br />It's also a pretty intense movie once they go out into the city to, hopefully, find stranded civilians.  Even though the shaky camera bit was a little annoying at first, it didn't detract from the overall feeling of fear, especially before the Marines get to the Police Station, their first objective.  It was pretty on the edge of your seat waiting for the Marines to get ambushed by the aliens.  Overall, another worthy part of the film.<br /><br />I'd have to say that the film makers must have decided that accuracy of how the Marines behave had to be one of their primary goals.  The other people they come across aren't much more than baggage for the plot line.  Aaron Eckhart gave an excellent performance as the Marine Staff Sergeant assigned to a new Platoon just before they move out against the aliens.<br /><br />For being a \\"war\\" movie with aliens, it's great for it's combat intensity and all the noise; you get the impression that war is very loud in this movie!  I give it 4 stars for the simple fact that you won't find another Hollywood movie about Marines that depicts them so realistically, although \\"Jarhead\\" isn't too far off either.<br /><br />See this movie for those features, otherwise you might find it isn't going  to live up to your expectations.
0345529057|1.0|Great Series! Kindle price is why I give this a 1. If Amazon fixes this then it deserves a full 5. Highly recommend the paperbacks for half the price over the convenience of Kindle.
0316056863|5.0|I LOVED this book.  Her writing is hilarious, whip-smart, and a joy to read.  I laughed out loud.  I look forward to more books from this brilliant, funny woman. Her take on becoming a woman and mother resonated with me, and made me laugh until I cried.  Thank you, Tina Fey!
0618918248|3.0|I am a Christian. I'm 29 years old. I chose this book because I like to be challenged. I grew up in a house where I was allowed to question God and still am allowed in my religion. I feel richly rewarded in being able to question and not have blind faith. No doubt there are those who are encouraged not to ask questions, but mine was not that experience.    I personally have read the Bible, Koran, and The God Delusion. Some day I will read other religious books as well. The most striking thing that came to mind when reading this book was Dawkins scriptural ignorance. I'm not saying he hasn't read it, I'm saying he has failed to understand it. The more I analyze atheistic responses to God the more I see human situational intelligence being pushed on a non-situational intelligence. Our intelligence is limited, obviously, and its why we have so many theories, because it is not complete.    Now if I try to learn about God by what he says about himself, a lot of things can be revealed. Lets take Dawkins rant about the Old testament God as genocidal, infanticidal, murdering, bully. From a human perspective...yeah that sucks, but if I am God and I created life do I not have the right to end it? I dabble with art, pottery for instance, if I create a pot but it does not turn out the way I intended, do I have the right to cut it off the wheel and start over? How much harder it would be to create a pot out of clay with free will. But if that clay that has free will and works with me to create itself in the image I desire, then it will be perfect. Dawkins has obviously missed this point. Another thing we know about God is that he is Holy. If God is Holy, then everything he does is good and righteous. This is hard to understand because we as humans are not holy. One time in the Old Testament does God ask his people to destroy other humans and even this is limited to a finite area, Israel. Why would God want to destroy these other people? We are told that they are wicked and willpollute Gods way with their own ways and his creation would become even less holy than they are. Sure, the israelites weren't perfect, but it was the best he had with freewill. When the israelites refused to destroy these people what God said would happen, happened.    Now back to destroying other humans. If God is Holy and he kills off his own creation, and if God is righteous then those killed will be judged righteously. Who are we to say where those beings end up? And the children? Are they not innocent in this ordeal? If so, I believe they are, then God is doing them a great mercy by bringing them to him without having to exist here.     The generalization we can take from this is that we as humans have a limited time here on earth, just as the promised land had limits. We are to use this time to make ourselves holy and pure by wiping out all that is sin in our own lives, just as God was trying to wipe out all that would lead his people astray in Israel.    Now the New Testament does not give christians any basis to conquer others, only situations and this takes place mostly in the mind. What is harmful often seems evil or bad but Romans 8:28 says God will work through all things for the good of those who love him. Thats how our situations are redeemed that is why as christians we become more than conquerers because we don't conquer people we conquer situations. That means even under oppression/struggle/suffering of any kind we can thrive to the point that when that struggle is redeemed we can view it as a source of joy or encouragement and use that to conquer the next struggle and teach others how to do it as well. That is the true message of Jesus Christ. He conquered the most absolute contradiction of life, death, to create an existence where death does not reign.    Is that not a reasonable logical explanation, in a nutshell, of what the Bible is about? Those of you out there who think the Bible is just a bunch of manuscripts slapped together see if you canfind this pattern in most if not all the stories where faith is required. 1. God creates a promise 2. Humans come up against contradictions to that promise 3. Resolution to that promise. If God says this...and this happens...then this must happen in spite of the contradiction. This is called the phases of faith. Dare I say a scientific process for faith, of course the catch is YOU have to have faith in order to see it work in your own life, but it can be seen through out every major Bible story. A theme or process that connects the whole Bible together.    After looking above I think this should be all I say about the topic. If anyone wants to talk about these ideas then just comment on this review.
B001AKTZPA|5.0|Good memories
B003W5C0VW|5.0|Short and sweet this is the Stones at their 70's best! I saw this tour and you will not be sorry if you get this disc.
B001AKTZO6|5.0|Great seller.  Item as described.  Was not to happy with the music on this one.  That was my own fault.  I was thinking it had a song on it and it did not.  I had the wrong title.  good seller however and fast, fast shipping!
0316056863|4.0|Very quick read. I love Tina Fey. I find her inspirational and hilarious. If you like Tina Fey, this book will not disappoint! Although I wish it provided a little more about Fey's earlier life before SNL and 30Rock. However, I still enjoyed the book and would suggest it to any other Fey fans.
B00124HR22|4.0|At least on the mp3 download here, does anyone else notice the huge drop-off in volume (and vibrancy) starting with \\"Desperado\\"? It's only one of the two best tracks on the album, such a shame. But the tracks that follow stay at that same level, a further disgrace. \\"Halo of Flies\\" gets great treatment. But now I see I should have tried the Steve Hoffman Gold album. Avoid this version, get the other. Anyway, this record is where Alice actually went a little \\"proggy,\\" with the title track and perhaps \\"Halo.\\" They don't sound pretentious at all, only perfect. How I wish he'd done more like \\"Killer.\\" Great Halloween song along with \\"Dead Babies.\\"
1932100660|5.0|I wish everyone would read this book.  It is so informative! The fast food industry, meat and dairy industry have ruined the lives of so many people!  Your life will really change if you can follow this diet.  Going Vegan is the best thing I have ever done.  I wish I had done it 20 years ago. I have tried to lose those last 15 pounds for years.  They just dropped off.  That is not the best part of this diet.. it is how good you will feel!  My husband was a die hard meat eater, now he says he will never eat meat again!
B004EBZX6W|1.0|I was going to download this app but then notice it has access to modify/delete SD card info. why would I want any app to be able to delete info off my SD card? Am I not understanding something.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Look I understand if she's still getting money off the original trilogy, but I'm sure you can find a work around so you can keep every penny of profit.  Use the force and release the original versions, we don't need any more CGI we just need the real deal that a lot of us on here stood in line to see when we were kids.
1423117166|5.0|of the three books in the series, this is the best, an insight into the creative forces behind Disney animation with rough sketches, ides, animation sheets.  Great purchase.
B0030DHPGQ|5.0|Anyone who spent time with me in April probably heard me refer to this book. It talks about the underlying premise of how to make change within your self, an organization, a child, a school, a community, and more using a simply analogy throughout the book. We're all of two minds. The id/ego/superego fights and arbitration of Freud. Our emotional side, our rational side. This book uses the analogy of an Elephant being our emotional side, and the rider being the rational side; and the importance of addressing the logic of the rider, the passion of the elephant, and clearing the path for both to get to where you want to go. If you have a kid who doesn't seem to want to listen, a set of team members who seem not to want to work together, or a challenging husband who won't pick up his stinky underwear, this is a great book. It's an easy read, uses great examples, and clearly states that this is not a \\"one size fits all,\\" but certainly shines a new light on the possibilities of change when put through a new framework.
B004FOA84A|4.0|Really enjoyed playing it. Not too easy. Not to difficult. Fun theme. I do agree it's a bit sorry, though.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|a Cash grab really??? It is a very simple formula if you love star wars and want to see it in 1080p best resolution that you will probably ever see the movies then this will a 5 Star pick up for you. I do not understand how anyone can bad mouth these movies when all 6 together (yes even the new 3) is one of the best stories of all time. yes i said it
B002VPE1WK|3.0|(1) I gave this camera backpack a try today. The size is perfect for an afternoon jaunt. For me its holds 4 lenses plus the camera. My longest lens a 100-400mm f4.0 fits nicely in a side pocket, or the center pocket with camera on. The other lenses are 24-105mm L IS, a 10-22mm, a 100mm f2.8 prime. No problems at all with more pockets to spare for the flash unit and other accessories. Has also more pockets for a rain poncho and such. The tripod straps on the right. All is excellent.    (2) Construction appears very decent and good, especially for the price paid. Padding is plenty but could use 1 extra 3/4 strap to hold longer lenses in place and an outside strap (on the left) for additional equipment. The design & layout is really very good and it also depends on what you yourself make it since the dividers are removable. The durability is yet to be determined, but upon inspecting every nits and cranny it is just as good as all my other backpacks I have for long overnight treks.    (3) The Huge CON is Comfort. I am 5'7\\" 145lbs and the pack pushes into your lower back. It feels like it's sliding down to your trousers. It Rides way too low for comfort. I tightened the straps to the point of discomfort but that didn't help one iota.  That's my only beef - comfort. This pack reminds me of school kids who carry the backpack down their pants. All else is wonderful and for cost it is excellent if you don't plan on long hikes.  If I had to do my purchase all over again I would have tried out camera packs in stores before buying because for me 100% excellence is more important than price.    (4) I intend to use this backpack to store my long Tele lenses & to keep them safe and dust free.  This pack makes an excellent storage case for your photo gear, irregardless if you intend to use it physically or not. I deducted 2 stars because the comfort lags besides that this pack is a steal.
B002ZCY7SW|4.0|If you're a 24 fan you need to have the ending, even if you don't like the way it ends.
B000059MEL|5.0|As cheesy as it sounds finally getting to listen to this on vinyl really did affect my opinion of Daft Punk, but surely you've heard this before from all your hipster friends.  Daft Punk has been close to my heart for a long time for their deep bass line's and older funky late 70's early 80's style.  They clearly have a techno feel to their music but Daft Punk manages to warp the standard untz untz untz crowd pumping normal DJ set into something much more magical.  They use simple beats and melodies, it would be hard to say they don't follow the minimalism style in some sense, but they do so in a way that is neither repetitive nor overdone while managing to blend in elements from funk, dance, pop, and jazz.      One of the best explanations I've heard to describe daft punk is \\"They are simply trying to create their own edge of electronic music that's enhanced with vintage experiments.\\"  Their sound is lightweight, upbeat, happy, energetic, and ethereal.  Each track is enjoyable from the first few seconds and the tracks range all over the place.  Daft punk uses the vocoder on a few of their tracks to tie in their vocals in a very interesting way for all of their songs.  While each song is great on its own the album really shines when you sit down and listen to the whole thing at once.  There's a movie to go along with it, but even just letting the music take you away with your own imagination is great.  The tracks flow well from one to another with build up's, crescendos, drops, and slow moments.    In conclusion, this is one of my favorite albums of all time.  Some may not enjoy the basic beats and simple use of vocals, but they blend everything together into a timeless classic that is great regardless of whether you listen to individual tracks or the album as whole.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a good DVD for people who don't have any knee problems what so ever. I completed 15 days but had to quit because it \\"shredded\\" my knee faster than my body. It definitely made a difference in my body and I probably would have had great results if I could have stuck with it. I never had a severe knee injury but it still hurt me to where I was unable to finish the last 15 days. Still a good workout never the less. It's just not for me.
B004498KPU|5.0|THIS IS A LATE REVIEW BUT SO NEEDED BECAUSE I RECALL SOME NEGATIVE REVIEWS ABOUT THE PRODUCT. THE VISION IS A GREAT COLLECTION TO HAVE AND I LOVE THE COVER... IT CHANGES AS IT MOVES! SO COOL- THAT ALONE IS WORTH ABOUT $10! LOL! I LOVE THE VIDEOS AND HOW THEY HAVE THE INTRO FOR EACH ONE. THIS IS A PRICELESS COLLECTION FOR MJ FANS AND THOSE WHO JUST LOVE HIS MUSIC. IT IS WELL WORTH THE PRICE AND THE ONLY THING I WAS NOT TOO HAPPY ABOUT WAS THE FACT THAT THE BOOK WAS SMALL- ALTHOUGH THIS WAS STATED AND THAT THE GHOSTS PRODUCTION WAS NOT AVAILABLE IN ITS ENTIRETY. NOW I HAVE TO PURCAHSE ANOTHER PRODUCT TO GET THIS.:-( OH WELL, ITS WORTH IT!
B002UJIY7A|4.0|Being that I like Tim Olyphant I put this on my list and I'm glad I did!  The movie moves slowly to build the suspense of who the murderers are.  It introduces several couples that you think might fit the bill then at the end, whoa!  It kept me guessing and changing my mind and even after the movie was over I kept going over some scene's!  My husband and I really enjoyed this one!
B00011KHTM|5.0|Why pay $20 for a piece of hardware when you can get it soooo much cheaper online! Fast delivery and perfect product. Thanks.
0060578793|5.0|This book has everything you need to know about surviving in any condition you voluntarily or accidentally put yourself into. I backpack a lot and this book gives me plenty of more information on and confidence in staying further out into the wild. Plus, you can't go wrong with the British Special Air Service. Pretty elite group. Thank you allies.
B001V9LPWQ|5.0|As a kid growing up in the late 80's-early 90's, I had a pretty respectable collection of Disney videos and was eager to put my hands on the \\"first and fairest of them all\\" - the film that Disney has been keeping so tight in the vault, more than once stating that they might never release it on home video. Have times changed or what? Unfortunately, kids today can watch the whole film online by a mouse click! Anyways, it was late 1994 and my parents finally bought me the tape. Like its 4 immediate successors, Snow White has a dark tone to it. I applaud the animators for their hard work. There would be an improvement in human movement in Pinocchio, but its still top-quality animation. The queen steals the show and her scenes are the highlight of the movie, as is the case in many Disney films. In contrast, the heart of the movie which is the dwarfs getting to know Snow White, feels somewhat slow-paced and had me a little bored. Whereas \\"Snow White\\" received a fantastic restoration in 2001, this one takes it a bit too far. Like with the Blu-Ray release of Pinocchio (those two greatly resemble in their artwork and color shades), the backgrounds look like they were brightened too much to reveal spotty walls that were not as visible before (In Pinocchio it's very apparent in Geppetto's workshop). Still, Snow White remains a visual feast. It should be a part of any Blu-Ray collection.
B004TTMYQG|1.0|1. Wrong days on monthly view. A total shift: all Sundays appear as Mondays, Mondays shift into Tuesdays etc. 2. current week on weekly view is totally BLANK!  This is very bad for a pricey useless calendar. I have emailed the developers. Even added screen captures.  NO RESPONSE! nothing! No support at all.
B001ILFUDM|5.0|As a kid, I didn't pay much attention to \\"Pinocchio\\". I did appreciate it as great Disney classic but preferred to watch \\"The Little Mermaid\\" and \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" for the millionth time instead. Last year, I felt a sudden urge to watch it and experience it as an adult. And indeed, the difference was enormous. So many aspects of the film that I overlooked years earlier have now caught my attention.    Story - Pinocchio is one of Disney's darker films, both visually and story-wise. Like many of Disney's old classics, it's not at all about cutesy animals. There are many somber sequences here. Actually, I can think of a handful of moments that wouldn't shame a horror film: the coachman bribing Honest John to draw little boys to Pleasure Island; the little boys turning into donkeys; Pinocchio locked in a birdcage, etc.     Music - \\"When You Wish Upon A Star\\" is the obvious standout here. The whole soundtrack is powerful. I especially like the music accompanying their arrival to Pleasure Island.     Animation - perhaps \\"Pinocchio\\"'s strongest point. You'd be hard-pressed to believe it's a 70-year old film you're looking at. The picture is often breathtaking, with dark, brownish hues and a lot of depth. The multiplane camera, which would become too expensive to devise in subsequent decades, is in full gear here. Pinocchio is truly elaborate on the visual side. I have watched the Blu-Ray version and while I agree that over-saturating the characters make them seem a little out-of-place in the inherently dark backgrounds, it still didn't ruin my experience of the film. But they did go a TAD too far.     Pinocchio is considered by many to be the crown-jewel of Walt's years and I can certainly see why. It uses all the aspects that make a Disney classic timeless to the best possible way. Now I feel like watching it again.
B002ZG976U|1.0|You're telling me no one was available to play these roles who can sing AND act? Christina Aguilera is a great singer, but GOOD LORD, porn stars act better than she does.  The plot was so predictable and the writing so weak, I really felt like ripping this movie out of the DVD player and breaking it into tiny pieces.  It's just a shame that money gets spent on such crap when there are talented actors, writers and directors waiting to get their pieces produced.  I can buy (though unwillingly) that they had to hire CA and Cher for their big star names, but what about the rest of the cast? Stanley Tucci and Alan Cumming were the only decent actors in this flick. Overall - a big fat YUCK! Don't waste your time.
1400067936|2.0|I took up reading this book with some trepidation. I had read his much-acclaimed book , 'The Black Swan' and found it a somewhat difficult read. The title of this book made me wonder if this book also recycles the same idea in different words as another book - just as many writers do after a hugely successful book. But then, I found an excellent review of this book in an essay by Malcolm Gladwell in 'The New Yorker' and decided to read it.<br /><br />This book also turned out to be a difficult read for me. I had the feeling that the primary idea is familiar to me, having read 'Black Swan'.<br /><br />Taleb makes the assertion that far more events in life are random than what the vast majority of people think. He does not say that 'everything is random' as many people misquote him. Human beings are intellectually prone to attribute the results of human efforts to skill and knowledge. In closer examination, often they are just random events and hence luck has been the primary reason for the success.<br />Taleb argues that a reading of history often does not bear out seemingly successful strategies and conclusions. Wall street honchos have proclaimed at various times that we have entered a new era of prosperity and that the old rules do not apply anymore due to the advance of technology. We saw this as recently as the dotcom boom. But they never showed that the stock market surge had predictable direct causes (causation). People mistake correlation for causation. One can get predictive power only if the same factors explain things over longer periods.<br />Then, Taleb goes on to say that it is important to restrain one's flawed analytical reasoning and live more rationally by granting the role of randomness in our lives and decision making.<br /><br />I agree that luck does count a lot, especially in the stock market. I will even grant that many of the significant up-ticks in my life have been more due to luck than skill and talent. Still, I feel that Taleb does not give enough credit to major game-changers in what they accomplish in history.<br /><br />Many people criticise Taleb as self-serving and arrogant. I didn't find the book so. His main point is that he knows nothing about how the markets will behave. So, he admits this lack of knowledge and protects himself by adopting suitable strategies. This doesn't sound arrogant to me.-changers in what they accomplish in history.    Many people criticise Taleb as self-serving and arrogant. I didn't find the book so. His main point is that he knows nothing about how the markets will behave. So, he admits this lack of knowledge and protects himself by adopting suitable strategies. This doesn't sound arrogant to me.
B004LAIU4I|4.0|My father listened to Simon & Garfunkel before I was born, and Paul Simon's first solo album was released the year I was born. His music goes that far back with me. I can remember \\"Mother & Child Reunion\\", \\"Me & Julio Down By The Schoolyard\\", \\"50 Ways To Leave Your Lover\\" and \\"Slip Sliding Away\\" from before I truly knew what music was. However, at age 13, it was \\"Graceland\\" that reminded me of how great Paul Simon can be. From that point forward I purchased all of his albums and Simon & Garfunkel's greatest hits.<br /><br />The things I feel set Simon apart from other artists his age (and any age, really) is his intelligent prose, his intellectual concepts, his knack for memorable melodies, and most of all, his ability to surprise his audience. He also is wildly inconsistent artistically, sometimes sinking to new depths.<br /><br />\\"So Beautiful Or So What\\" is better-than-average Paul Simon. He wisely keeps it short with 10 tracks, one being a very short instrumental. The remaining nine tracks are fairly solid with the weakest being \\"Love And Hard Times\\", \\"Questions For Angels\\" and \\"Love & Blessings\\", but these are forgivable with the quality of the best tracks like \\"Getting Ready For Christmas Day\\", \\"Dazzling Blue\\", \\"So Beautiful Or So What\\", \\"Rewrite\\", \\"Love Is Eternal Sacred Light\\" and \\"The Afterlife\\".<br /><br />What keeps \\"So Beautiful Or So What\\" from getting five stars for me is that this album has a homogeneous quality rather than a heterogeneous one. Lyrically, this is some good stuff as Paul Simon questions religion, life and the pursuit of happiness, plus old age and consumerism. At nearly 70 (turning 70 this year), Paul Simon has done what I complain most artists his age do not--take chances! You can not deny that \\"So Beautiful Or So What\\" is very different from \\"Surprise\\", \\"Songs From The Capeman\\", \\"Graceland\\", etc.<br /><br />Rather than tearing down Paul Simon, I am getting behind him with \\"So Beautiful Or So What\\". To me, there are very few artists like him, with Tom Waits, Randy Newman, David Byrne, Neil Young, Bob Dylan, Lindsey Buckingham, Robbie Robertson, Paul McCartney, and no one expects these guys to turn out something interesting and different this late in the game.<br /><br />Here is how \\"So Beautiful Or So What\\" compares with Simon's previous work:<br /><br />1972 Paul Simon: Three and a Half Stars<br />1973 There Goes Rhymin' Simon: Five Stars<br />1975 Still Crazy After All These Years: Four Stars<br />1980 One Trick Pony: Two and a Half Stars<br />1983 Hearts And Bones: Four Stars<br />1986 Graceland: Five Stars<br />1990 The Rhythm Of The Saints: Four and a Half Stars<br />1997 Songs From The Capeman: Three Stars<br />2000 You're The One: Four Stars<br />2006 Surprise: Four Stars<br />2011 So Beautiful Or So What: Four Starsewman, David Byrne, Neil Young, Bob Dylan, Lindsey Buckingham, Robbie Robertson, Paul McCartney, and no one expects these guys to turn out something interesting and different this late in the game.    Here is how \\"So Beautiful Or So What\\" compares with Simon's previous work:    1972 Paul Simon: Three and a Half Stars  1973 There Goes Rhymin' Simon: Five Stars  1975 Still Crazy After All These Years: Four Stars  1980 One Trick Pony: Two and a Half Stars  1983 Hearts And Bones: Four Stars  1986 Graceland: Five Stars  1990 The Rhythm Of The Saints: Four and a Half Stars  1997 Songs From The Capeman: Three Stars  2000 You're The One: Four Stars  2006 Surprise: Four Stars  2011 So Beautiful Or So What: Four Stars
B004X0XA82|5.0|Fleet Foxes' signature story-telling through sweeping vocal harmonies is furthered with the incorporation of strings, horns and a maturity in the art of song-crafting that makes this, their sophomore album, an epic album. Although this album at first glance appears to be little departure from their astonishing self-titled 2008 debut, Blues is the next chapter for a band determined defy genre classification blending everything from traditional bluegrass to folk, rock and gospel. Lead singer and song-writer Robin Pecknold is surely one of the most innovative and courageous song-writers today. This album is a brilliant next step for a band that has established itself as a dominant force in music today. Their sound floats and lingers, it drifts beyond the digital milieu and transports us to a simpler time somewhere forgotten in history.  Epic tracks include: Helplessness Blues, Bedouin Dress, Battery Kinzie and the epic The Shine/An Argument
B001G0BWBO|5.0|No matter what you do, someone will always complain. People before were complaining how Metallica doesn't sound like they did in the old days. Now they do, and people yet still complain. \\"The Day That Never Comes is a rip off of One and Fade To Black!\\" How exactly do you rip off your own songs? People will continue to complain no matter what. Fantastic album.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Now I never just hit the snooze and then knock out. this app makes me think about some math to turn off the alarm so i actually have to think instead of just turning it off
B004XDYJRU|5.0|Best radio app ever. so many stations from new york and bollywood. Once you get this you will get addicted to online radio no doubt. Best 99 cents I've ever spent. Congratulations and thank you developers.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|I own a Motorola Xoom tablet. I wanted the ability to have my Xoom communicate with my Network Hard Drive (WD), without the tether of a USB cable connection. I keep all of my files on my network drive. This program makes it easy to transfer files, both ways, between the Xoom and the Network Drive.      There are no negatives in this review. The software does exactly what it says it will do. I am quite happy with it.
B004A8ZWTW|4.0|I'm in the minority here, but I thought Mia Wasikowska was a huge disappointment as Jane.  She looked really lovely with shimmering tears in her eyes, and she had Jane's quiet presence, but it was otherwise an empty portrait.  Jane has such a vibrant inner life,  and such strong emotions and opinions and while there's nothing off with Wasikowska's acting - for most of the film I watched her not exactly sure what the problem was - her portrayal utters Jane's words but has nothing of Jane's heart or her essential self.      The film was really, truly visually beautiful - in the way that the Keira Knightley Pride and Prejudice was - and well shot, but the adaptation was much less skillful.  The 2010 P&P streamlines the book into the Elizabeth/Darcy love story and doesn't attempt to undertake the entire book.  Jane Eyre, not so much.  Charlotte Bronte's plot is clunky at best and presents considerable difficulties for a film adaptation, but the screenwriters were both too ambitious and too faithful to the book.  Too much time at the Reeds', Lowood, and the Rivers' bogs down the film, but it's not enough time to really tell any of those stories.  And don't even get me started on Jamie Bell as St. John.  I love Jamie Bell, but it's hard to believe him as the cold and unbending St. John.  He's somewhat distant but seems sympathetic for Jane for most of his time on screen, until he suddenly starts yelling about Rochester and temptation.    And the accents. God, the accents.  They're all British, but most of the time they're a generic British and then every so often the o's start stretching into infinity.  And I do not have a particularly good ear for accents.  Pick one, director.  Do the regional thing, or don't, but don't drive me nuts with the thick rural accents wandering in and out. If I can hear it, it's bad.      But for all the problems with the film (and they are significant), it deserves four stars on the strength of Michael Fassbender's Rochester.  He's amazing. He walked off with the film within minutes of his first appearance on the screen.  He's vibrant, quixotic - and too handsome, but not too much to stretch belief - and you can feel the force of Rochester's personality in every shot.  Fassbender is Rochester to the point that when I reread the book after seeing the film, book Rochester felt even more real, and he was already a character who jumped off the page.    It's difficult to sum up the experience.  As I left the theater, I was mostly disappointed.  My quiet 10 year old self felt really deeply for Jane and this adaptation failed her completely.  But that was eventually displaced by the powerful impression the film's Rochester made.  I'll buy the dvd, but I'll be fast forwarding through a lot of it.
B004R13U6Y|2.0|I own a Motorola Xoom tablet. It comes with a PDF reader which is almost perfect. The part that I do not like is that it is very slow in page transition when scrolling.    I purchased this software to see if I could speed things up a bit. I was surprised to find that you cannot scroll at all with this software. You either have to 'jump' page-to-page, or use imbedded bookmarks to get to the page that you want. To me, I am glad that I wasted only $.99 cents. I have removed it from my tablet. Look elsewhere.
B003Q6D1YW|2.0|First of all, if you think this is a real documentary, you are unbelievably gullible.  It's clearly a \\"fake\\" documentary like Paranormal Activity or Cloverfield.  Second, the marketing campaign for this movie made it seem like a scary thriller.  It's not.  Not at all.  Not even close.  It's a drama, and not an entirely bad one.  But I was left disappointed due to the bait-and-switch of the ad campaign.  If they had marketing it honestly, I wouldn't feel ripped off.
0525422943|5.0|Wow, wow, wow. There isn't much more that I can say about this. I read Where She Went immediately after finishing If I Stay.  It was equal part breathtakingly beautiful and heartbreaking at the same time. This is one where I cried a lot so be prepared for tears.<br /><br />Where She Went is told  in the POV of Adam, Mia's now ex-boyfriend, 3 years after the fatal accident that took her family. Adam has become a rock star and Mia has gone of to Julliard to become a rock star in her own right. Adam is still having trouble overcoming the way that Mia left him. He is exhausted and wore out from where this rock star life has taken him. Tours and interviews are starting to get the best of him.<br /><br />The day before he embarks on a tour overseas he runs into Mia again. Feeling all the same feelings he had for her in the past and wondering what it was he did so wrong for her to leave and never come back to him. Thinking maybe he will finally get the answers he needs and the \\"closure\\" his current girlfriend thinks will help him move on.<br /><br />I was so glad this one was told from Adam's POV. Much like If I Stay it is told alternating the present time and the past. We find out what has happened in the 3 years since the car accident and Mia deciding to stay. In If I Stay you could only imagine what he was going though, but in Where She Went we are actually able to feel everything Adam went through. He feels like he lost his family too. He still hurts for them and misses them everyday. Most of all he misses Mia and what they had. It broke my heart to think of all the pain that he was going through.<br /><br />I didn't think there was anyway that a novel could affect me the way that If I Stay did, but boy was I wrong. This is one of those books that I will be thinking about for a very long time.  It is so incredible how an author can write with SO much feeling. Your heart breaks for these people you feel as if you know. Just thinking about it right now makes me want to blubber like a baby.<br /><br />I suggest if you haven't read it yet that you hurry up and do it!est if you haven't read it yet that you hurry up and do it!
B004ZJ6SLC|5.0|This episode was great. I cannot believe that poor Jenna is dead. I felt sympathy for John, who was a jerk, but turned out to be really good guy. Damon is dying from the wolf bite. Each episode just keep getting better and better. Again \\"WOW\\".
B003UESJHE|3.0|\\"The King's Speech\\" Blu-Ray will not play on the LG BD590 blu-ray player.  I got two different discs then finally contacted LG customer service, who after taking a condescending attitude with me, told me they were aware of the issues with \\"The King's Speech\\" blu-ray disc but did not offer a time when a new firmware update would be available to fix the issue.  So, if you own this player, do not buy this disc unless you want to hang onto it until LG gets a firmware update together.      What happens when you put in the disc into the LG BD590 is the movie trailers will play but when it gets to the point it should either load a menu or run the movie, it justs blanks the screen.
B004SEVPWQ|4.0|Great game.  Very fun and addictive.  Only problems I've had is sometimes a ball will get stuck while it's over the hole... but it should have gone in.. please fix.. also makes the temp on my phone go wayyy up... droid x
B001AQMBL4|4.0|A must have for the lovers of a good comedy, the director has a very good taste of jokes, and make amazing situations.
B002ZG99QS|5.0|I love that Jeff Bridges was in both movies and that they didn't replace him with a \\"look-a-like\\".  The movie was great.  The plot was excellent. Good life lessons.  Could have done without the swearing (it doesn't get the point across any better!)
B003M5AXN4|4.0|First of all, the image quality is superb, a reference ! if this movie was 1:84 would be perfect ! Still a great, fun and amazing movie.
0545265355|5.0|Rather than recount the storyline (which was awesome), I'm just going to say that I cannnot wait for the movie. I couldn't put the books down and blew through all three of them within a few days. What a story! I can't imagine anyone of any age not finding themselves totally wrapped up in the story. My only disappointment was when I reached the end...I wanted more!
B003JSSPSY|4.0|I am a huge fan of Master Goodkind's books and, although this series did not follow the books as loyally as it probably should have, I, nonetheless, found the series to be immensely entertaining.<br /><br />As the second season came to a close, I felt more than a few pangs of disappointment when I came to find that there wouldn't be a third season.  They really should have sold the series to a network that was willing to keep it alive and ACTUALLY do something with it!<br /><br />The only part that took me awhile to get used to was the actor who played the part of Richard Cypher, the main character.  He just didn't quite capture the character sufficiently enough for me, and it was kind of hard to imagine him as the love interest of the actress who played as the confessor.  In short, he was miscast, and upstaged by the other actors he was performing with (not a good thing when you are playing a show's MAIN CHARACTER).  That being said, after a time, I will concede that he starts to kind of grow on you, and you can, in a fashion, ignore his shortcomings and a certain thing you hear in his voice from time to time that slips out that TOTALLY diminishes the masculinity of the character he is supposed to be playing as (watch the show, and you'll hear what I mean, I assure you).<br /><br />That aside, the series really started to pick up the tempo in the second season, and I was really looking forward to seeing how it might have developed had it been granted a 3rd season (which it SHOULD have)...<br /><br />In closing, if you want some solid, good entertainment, buy the \\"Legend of the Seeker.\\" You won't regret it!
B00275EHJG|5.0|This movie is packed with developed characters, a heartfelt story, and a true adventure.<br /><br />If I ordered the movies best to worst it would be ToyStory3, ToyStory1, and then ToyStory2.<br /><br />Usually 2nd and 3rd movies cannot compete with the original's lovable qualities, but this movie surpasses its processors.<br /><br />I would say, even if you didn't watch the first two movies this is a must have.  Don't miss out!
B001IFZL50|5.0|I love this film. My friends and I watch it together all the time. And no... Combat Jack>>> Anyone who says this movie is anti-marine or anti-war is oversensitive for sure. Remember folks this is a movie. Don't get all PTSD okay. Here's five easy steps to enjoy:  1) Call your bros. 2) Pop some corn. 3) Put GenKill into yer bluray: 4) Drink beers. 5) enjoy the ride. If your lucky like me, your wife will serve up some tequila shots and order the pizza. Happy mothers day chicken:)
0545265355|5.0|Collins did a great job keeping the rhythm going in this series. I am not a big reader and have at most read 4 to 5 books in any given year. I have read all three of these books in a week. She keeps the pace moving and yes there are cliff hangers. Getting the box set for $30 was a smoking deal. Don't know how often that will happen. If you are looking for something that doesn't have any bad language and is entertaining. Then pick this up cause you will enjoy it forever.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|This is a great version of the game.  A worthy companion to the original and seasons.  Now, for all of you whining like little chldren about the updates: CALM DOWN!  If you follow Rovio's twitter feed or facebook posts or even just go on their website, they have been saying that the update for May will arrive this week (meaning the week of May 9th for all you people who can't read a calender).  Furthermore, NO ONE has the update yet!  Anybody saying they do is just messing around with you.  Finally, if you look at the screenshots and on the game itself, it clearly states May 2011!  Not May 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and so on.  The same goes for the updates that will arrive in July, October, and November.  And no, I do not work for Rovio or Amazon, or Android.  I am a simple gamer like yourselves who is just tired of hearing the complaints!  So be patient, I'm sure it will be worth the wait.
B0040YFR1Y|4.0|After so many awful sequels, the Predator franchise finally gets a semi-worthy follow-up to the original Predator.  Now first off, Predators is nowhere near as awesome of a movie as the original Predator.  Not even close.  But it IS a bit better than Predator 2, and MUCH better than those awful Aliens Vs Predator movies.<br /><br />What I liked about the movie was they didn't go all out with crappy computer generated special effects.  There are some that are used tastefully, but not boat-loads like so many modern action movies that come out these days.  The second thing I liked about it was how they just copied what worked from the first movie, and even used the same soundtrack.  Normally I would think copying another movie is pointless, but in this case it's just finally nice to see another Predator movie that is fun to watch and follows somewhat the feeling of the original movie.<br /><br />I do have one major complaint about Predators.  The casting leaves a lot to be desired.  So many of the actors and their characters are just boring, and I can't help but think if the casting was better the movie would go from a good one to a great one.  There are some bright spots though, like Adrien Brody who really does a fantastic job here.  Also Louis Ozawa Changchien who plays Hanzo is a pretty cool character, but in my opinion not given enough screen time so he's wasted a bit.  You also have some decent acting by Laurence Fishburne, who's character has been stranded out in the jungle by himself for years, but he's so chubby it's hard to take his role seriously.  How is it possible his character is so fat?  Is he eating jungle donuts or something?  There's also unfortunately Topher Grace playing Edwin, and while normally I think he's annoying and would stay away from anything he's in, he's not too bad in this.<br /><br />Overall it's FAR from the classic original Predator movie, but I did find myself enjoying this much more than I thought I would.  I would definitely recommend it to any fan of the original Predator movie, as long as you don't think it's going to be as good or better than the original movie.  Keep your expectations low, and you'll be pleasantly surprised.the original Predator movie, as long as you don't think it's going to be as good or better than the original movie.  Keep your expectations low, and you'll be pleasantly surprised.
0670022411|5.0|Most stories have vampires spending all their time obsessed with humans, going to high school or just battling with themselves to not drink blood from humans. If you are alive for hundreds of years, wouldn't that be insanely dull? It makes more sense for them to be secretly involved in many things, to pursue knowledge and make contributions to the world. I also enjoyed the conspiracy theories and the more logical explanations of the worlds of vampires, witches & daemons.   This book is not for someone who is obsessed with Twilight.
B003B02O14|5.0|Grisham dishes out the details the way a good fisherman uses worms for bait--sparingly.  He keeps the reader hooked, wanting more.  This book's pacing is slower than some other Grisham novels, but it's certainly good entertainment.<br /><br />If you like Grisham's more fast-paced thrillers, you might want to try reading The Golden Catch.<br /><br />--Roger Weston, author of [[ASIN:B004YTI1UY The Golden Catch]]
158270208X|5.0|I've learned a lot with The Secret and The Power. The thing that I have trouble with is gratitude because I honestly take so many things for granted. This little book has been helping me to turn that around.
B003UESJHE|5.0|First, the obvious:  The blu ray is technically excellent.  But the real triumph is the film. Touching, poignant and upllifting, \\"The Kings Speech\\" is one of those contemporary films which is a true work of art and will endure as a fan favorite.  This is one that you'll want to see more than one time.  Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush, Guy Pierce, and  Helena Bonham Carter are wonderful.  Truly an award winning effort.
B001BWYZWA|5.0|Its a terrific movie for those people that want something and how hard they have to work for it when others say that they can't do it.  A person has dreams and does whatever he can to make those come true. It may mean losing a girlfriend to having your parents not talk to you, so if there is something out there that you want in life or some school team that you want to be a star at, remember dreams can came true!!
0307477479|2.0|This book won the Pulitzer??  Good grief!    The writing was fair at best, the characters distasteful and the book generally unappealing.  Reading it was a chore.    With apologies to the author, I cannot recommend this book.
B003TML0VO|3.0|You know, I can't really tell if this is actually a Santana album in the traditional sense of the word or if Arista simply put together a strong house band that included guest stars, recorded a bed of backing tracks and just had Carlos come in for a night or two and wail over them.    We've all heard stories about albums recorded by individual members of some big time group who simply can't get along with each other. Each of the group members records his parts without the others and, by the time the whole thing is mixed and produced, the listener presumably never knows. Except that something about the music in such a recording isn't quite right.     That's how this cd feels to me. I wonder if half of the guest artists on this disc had even run into Carlos at all during the making of this album.    After being a big Santana fan waaay back in the day, I've just recently made the effort to 'find' him again and I have to say that in many of these tracks there is a disconnect I never expected to hear from such a passionate and soulful artist.    Having said that, if you are a committed Santana fan, this will certainly provide you with a greater insight into the wisdom of the master. I'll hang onto this disc, but most likely I will listen to it when I want to hear one or more of the tracks - not the disc in its entirety or in the original sequence. There are definitely some very tasty moments here for guitar geeks.    In spite of this somewhat confusing outing, Carlos just keeps getting better every day. And I'm happy to be back on board.
B004N66XYE|1.0|If you enjoyed the original series, this one will be a major disappointment. While the initial episode tries to cull forth the emotions and remembrances of times past, with the hiring of the former maid, your dissatisfaction with the series will be as culpable as hers was with the new household. The focus isn't on staff/employer relations as much as it is about the plight of the Jews and the rise of fascism. Did we really need Upstairs, Downstairs to feature such a well-worn subject?  What a wasted opportunity. Also, the series is mortally tainted with political correctness, like everything on PBS nowadays. Historical accuracy is sacrificed once again to serve a social agenda.
0316067598|5.0|When I read the reviews, prior to purchasing the book Lone Survivor, I was promised I would come away a new man. I will now add my testimony to that assertion. I did, in fact, come away from reading that book a new man. The United States Navy Seals are more than extraordinary, more than elite & beyond being a rare breed. But don't take my word for it; read the book & I am certain you too will come away a changed human being.
B004DI7HZ6|1.0|geeez ...... did I get taken!  I downloaded a sample, read the first three reviews (all positive), then ordered the overpriced full version.  I must have been impressed at first by the Oxford-tenured-35-year-old heroine. but she didn't do  much after the sample chapters except sleep (a lot), eat (a lot), take baths (a lot), row (a little), and wear bad clothing (I'm talking a wardrobe of leggings with holes and runs, tatty turtle necks, unwashed and all in black) and run-down loafers ..... the worst-dressed witch on the block, and yet she kept talking and talking about what she was wearing ....<br />it's a page turner alright. I kept turning and turning pages waiting for something to happen with the plot. would I be giving it away if I told you nothing did? and the ending!!! was that an ending or did my Kindle just eat the last chapters up?<br />if you're even thinking of wasting your money on this pathetic excuse for an adult novel about witches and vampires, be sure to read the negative reviews, because they're right on the money and definitely more interesting and amusing than the book itself.
B002UJIY7A|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I only caught the last 15 minutes of it. I had no idea what was going on but I loved it. I've watch it SO many times since then. This movie will not disappoint you in any way, shape or form. Entertainment at its finest, in my opinion.
B002ZG98J6|1.0|Of all the recent book-to-movie adaptations I've seen, I have to rank this among the worst (even below Eragon, if you can believe it possible). I had trouble watching the movie at all. The sound balance was nothing short of horrible. You either couldn't hear a word anyone was saying or you had to rush to turn it down before you lost your ear drums. There was no in-between. As for the effects, I spent half the movie looking away from the annoying strobe effects that gave me a headache. If I could have heard what people were saying without having my hearing destroyed a moment later or actually managed to look at all those special effects they spent their film budget on, I might have enjoyed it. Judging from the other comments, however, I suspect I'm not missing much.<br /><br />In short, there are plenty of better book-to-film adaptations out there, though few remain faithful to the books from which they are derived. It's more of a shock to find a movie adaptation that stays faithful to the book these days than the opposite.<br /><br />Signed, Pamela
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Stop milking your fans for money, George Lucus.    Let's look at the DVD releases alone. The original trilogy was released on DVD in September 2004, in a box set as a complete trilogy. The movies were digitally restored and remastered, and more changes were made by George Lucas (additional changed from previous version that had already been changed that were only available on VHS, some laserdisc if you want to get technical).    The set was reissued in December 2005 as part of a three-disc \\"limited edition\\" boxed set without the bonus disc.    The trilogy was re-released on separate two-disc Limited Edition DVD sets in September 2006, and again in a box set in November 2008; the original versions of the films were finally added as bonus material. The version included wasn't completely unedited. The Greedo/Han shootout still had subtitles removed.    So in the span of just over 4 years, the trilogy was issued 4 times? Hold out for a later version, because you know you want the originals!    Be part of this, RATE 1 STAR and DON'T BUY THIS until Lucus gives the fans what they want.
B003O86FMW|5.0|The second book in the hungar games trilogy is quite the spectacular.  As Katniss prepares for entering the arena after president snow announces that people who've won the hungar games go in it again.  Katniss re-enters the hungar games with boldness but when cinna her stylist gives her wedding dress turn into a mocking jay, Cinna is dealt with damaging blows of terror.  After teaming with haymitchs friends, Katniss survives before a hovercraft takes her to district 13.  This book is fast paced and readers will read it and beg for the last book in the series.  People who enjoy this book are survival and fiction describing from s one person perscective of Katniss.  On top of that it has great imagery and is also a page turner.
B0020BUWX2|3.0|For me personally this book was sometimes slow, un-engaging, and predictable (which didn't provide the inclination I would prefer). I read uncommonly fast but for this one, despite being a young adult book with an easy writing style and vocabulary, I couldn't manage to stay my mind on the book. However I read a lot and often too many books too close together, causing me to probably unintentionally create comparisons between the book content and author's ability and style. So its possible this has affected my opinion while reading. Being of one mind with my sister, I concede that \\"If I Stay \\" was cute, and sad, however never kindled very strong emotions or expression that I expect from books. I did like the idea and concept of the story itself and have no scrupples with the characters portrayed.<br />Its not horrible or even bad, just not preferable. And perhaps my expectations where too high when I picked this one off the shelf. I don't regret reading it either.
B003H9M1QM|1.0|don't get me wrong i love Disney movies.i own several of them on Blu-ray and am looking forward to future releases of theirs as they become available but people Dumbo is really sad and depressing. Don't get me wrong the animation is good but this movie upset me as a child and it is still upsetting. If i were a kid i wouldn't want to watch this over and over the way young children do.
030745455X|5.0|Great 2nd book in the series.  I enjoyed it more than the first.  I'm on the waiting list at the library for the 3rd.  Not sure I can wait.
B0043RSJ8G|4.0|I'm a huge Jodi fan and this is a good book but not my favorite one of hers. it took me most of the book to actually get into it...
0307454541|5.0|Well I just started reading this series and I am sorry that I didn't read it sooner.  Only good thing about reading it now is I don't have to wait for all the books to be out to finish the series!<br /><br />What a fantastic read by Larsson.  I'm truly disappointed that the series stops with 3.  I found the book easy to get into and hard to put down.  I was hooked on every last page waiting to see what would happen.
0393338827|5.0|I read this earlier in chapters in magazines and still enjoyed reading the whole book to put together all of the pieces.  Apparently mortgage securitization was too lucrative for any of the actors to willingly forgo their huge profits made in the venture.  In the meantime, in the rush to maximize pay-outs, Wall Street players and banks nearly crashed our international and national economies.  Lewis tells about the people who did see the gigantic size of the risk posed by the conduct of the mortgage and banking industries and what problems they encountered when they presented their findings.    The financial 1980's lasted for two decades longer.  In 2007 Meredith Whitney predicted that Citigroup was so mismanaged it would need to slash its dividend.  In 2008 she saw the value of securities held by the big institutions as illusory.  Steve Eisman had been Meredith Whitney's mentor at Oppenheimer.  In the models it was assumed that mortgages would be paid and that they would not be paid prematurely.  Institutions were allowed to book as profit the expected future value of the loans.  Eisman and his partners at Chilton Investment discovered what was really going on inside of the market for consumer loans circa 2002.  The found a high default rate in subprime mortgages.  The scrutinized Household Finance in the matter of second mortgage loans.  Household finance sold itself to HSBC.  Eisman came to believe that the consumer finance sector existed to rip people off.  B y 2005 the subprime mortgage machine was up and running again.  An originate and sell model was used.  Subprime bonds were being underwritten by Wall Street institutions.      In 2004 the bond market became Michael Burry's obsession.  He wanted to short the mortgage bonds.  As early as 2004 the decline in lending standards could be seen.  Burry wanted to obtain credit default swaps on subprime mortgage bonds.  In 2005 Burry bought credit default swaps on mortgage bonds from Deutsche Bank.  He also bought from Goldman Sachs and Bank of America.  Michael Burry began Scion, his hedge fund, to search for value.  He saw value in credit default swaps.  By November 2005 some of the mortgage loans were going bad.  In the bond market it was still possible to make money based on the fear and ignorance of the customers.  On the other side of the Burry bets was AIG.  AIG was not a bank and subject to bank regulation.    As we know, ultimately Burry's views were proved correct.  His adventures and those of other far-seeing analysts of the Wall Street mania are detailed in this readable account.
0307454541|5.0|what an interesting book - Larsson was a truly inspired writer.  wish he could still be around to write more mysteries.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|Brilliant with color, movement, action, drama, even some horror and a lot of fun, parades, joy, ecstasy, running away and running after, and even a lot of flying up and down especially for the poor Blue who does not know how to fly, which is a shame for a parrot.<br /><br />A little of depth about these exotic birds that are endangered by the smugglers who capture them away to sell them in the big cities of the developed countries, here the USA, and even Minnesota. But no real police work against the smugglers, just a union of the victims and bird lovers to just prevent them from succeeding, in other words to make them fail.<br /><br />The most astonishing side of the film is the luminous vision of Rio de Janeiro and its carnival. If you have never been there go next week and spend some time on the beaches and try to go to the top of the big sugarloaf mountains and meet the Christ standing at the top of the tallest of them. That's a perfect strategy for an emergent country today that has been the target of the latest but not last crisis and that has been able to get out of it even stronger than before. Conquer the world not only with money, certainly not with weapons and bombs, but with culture. That's how the Americans did it after World War II.<br /><br />That's a lesson to us, in the developed countries too. We take for granted that our languages and our cultures are dominant, and they are not. In a few years a language emerges as more important than ours and an emerging culture becomes a top attraction and agent at the global level.<br /><br />This is a simple animated film for children who are going to love the monkeys and the birds, but they are also going to be nicely demonstrated that you do not need to be white or black, that all shades of grey are great, and that birds are so much better off and nicer in their natural environment. So do not hesitate and take your children - and grandchildren - to see it and buy the DVD. The music is great and will teach you how to shake your arms and legs and to move your bottom in rhythm, I mean you the adults and parents and grandparents because the children of today have it in their genes.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAUgs and to move your bottom in rhythm, I mean you the adults and parents and grandparents because the children of today have it in their genes.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B000HWZ5W4|5.0|When it was released in mid-1983, The Principle of Moments bore a distinctive new sound. Using the same core band as Pictures at Eleven, Robert Plant managed to somehow shift directions and produce a valid, original musical statement. It's so well crafted it still sounds as fresh as it did today.     Robert is in unbelievable form here, able to sound so comfortable in different soundscapes and truly delivering amazing performances. Guitarist Robbie Blunt's superb vision and tasteful playing fill the album with a kind of 'cold warmth', don't know how he gets all those beautiful sounds. Phil Collins simply shows once more what a brilliant drummer he is, making the drums such a delightful listen. His early work with Genesis and Brand X is no short of spectacular. Keyboard player Jezz Woodroffe and bassist Paul Martinez are as inventive and tight as it gets and shouldn't be taken for granted. This easily is in my opinion Plant's best solo band.    Songs like In The Mood, Wreckless Love, Thru With The Two Step and Big Log are definitely up there with anything Robert has put out on his solo career. Other Arms and Messin' With The Mekon are also strong. Not sure whether the bonus tracks - on the amazing remastered edition - are a worthy bunch, probably not. The only interesting thing is the last track Turnaround which was recorded at the same time as the original sessions, but one can tell why it was left off the album in the first place. I'll be quickly programming songs 1 to 8, sit back and enjoy what this unique album has to offer.    To keep this short, I'd like to point out that the 2007 remaster adds real punch and clarity to the music, ultimately giving it more depth. The old cd version just doesn't cut it, THIS DOES! I can easily listen to The Principle of Moments now and be enveloped by its density of sound. There's no turning back.
B0047Y17P2|4.0|I won't oversell it.  I'll simply say it has great characters and a very good plot.  I respect people's right to complain about pricing but I have no problem paying a few dollars more for a quality Michael Connelly story.  And it does bother me that, instead of letting everyone choose on their own whether they'd be willing to pay for a quality story, some people are trying to trick people away from making an informed decision by lowering the star rating for a book they didn't read.
1439107955|3.0|Its obvious the author loves his field and is very respectful and loving towards his work.  His efforts permeate throughout this historical non-fiction account about Cancer.  At times it feels like reading an engaging historical novel (obviously this is NOT a novel).  I was very mesmerized.  However, halfway through, the writing got a bit dry, and I began to lose steam.  Thats not to say the quality suffers but it does get a bit pedantic and the novelty of learning about cancer research begins to wear off.  Nevertheless, this is a great introduction to the field of cancer research!<br /><br />Disclosure: I am a 1st year medical student, undergrad degree in Neuroscience
0670022411|5.0|I absolutely cannot say enough good things about this book and it's author. I am almost left speechless.<br /><br />This book was one of the best modern fiction pieces I have read in a very long time. I haven't been so captivated by a book since \\"Tigana\\", by GGK. I smiled, laughed aloud, cried, absolutely enjoyed this book in every sense.<br /><br />This story combines history, urban fantasty, alternative history, and vampires, witches, and demons in a new spin and setting that  you couldn't possibly imagine, but Deborah Harkness did. Over 24 hours of audiobook or nearly 1000 pages, I sped through this book with minimal effort since I couldn't put it down. This is apparently the first in a trio, and I await the next addition with bated breath!<br /><br />In short, absolutely amazing, captivating writing, amazing story, unique perspectives, well worth your time and money, READ THIS BOOK!
B0046MOVD0|3.0|The Resident Evil franchise started as a hit with the first movie, but after that the series began to die out. The use of CGI has been commonplace in the franchise since the beginning, and while it was great at the time of the first movie it is now not enough to make up for some of the story flaws.    RE: Afterlife has the worst story out of all 4 movies. It doesnt use much from the previous stories except Umbrella=bad, Alice=good. I was left unimpressed with the acting as usual and the only highlights were the action scenes. That is the main point of the movie though, and it does deliver. Disregarding my grumblings with the CGI all of the action scenes are intense. Very good to get the adrenaline running. There isn't much else to say beyond that except that I hope the story arc improves in the next movie.
0380973464|5.0|This book is amazing- now my favorite book ever. It's got a certain beauty to it, but probably only for those who are somewhat 'technologically minded'
B001R4KQDE|5.0|When Sin City was originally released on DVD, I was quite critical of it. It was the first movie for me where a mix of Black and White and color were used in a movie in this manner. Due to the low quality of DVD picture, this caused a great dislike. The images were hard to see, and the dark parts were almost black screens.    NOW: Enter Bluray! With Sin City being transferred over to the best quality format that it can, the movie has been revived. It can no longer be counted as a cult classic for Sin City is now a movie that you can use to show off every aspect of your home theater in beauty. The video is top-notch. VERY clear and no residual. I haven't tested the movie in my main setup but on my standard LCD it was beautiful.
B004961RGW|5.0|excelent
B001P9KR8U|5.0|Slumdog Millionaire was one of the only movies within the last 10 years to make an incredible impact on me and remain with me since seeing it. It is such an incredible story; one that takes you through so many emotions over the course of 2 hours. Watching it, I was scared, excited, overjoyed, anxious, suspenseful, tense, angry, hopeful, etc. I cried and I laughed. The movie tells the story of two brothers growing up in the slums of Mumbai, India. When Jamal gets an incredible opportunity to be on a popular gameshow and he amazingly knows many of the answers to the trivia questions (which most poor kids growing up on the streets wouldn't), he tells the audience the story of his fascinating life thus far and why he knew all the answers. Danny Boyle does a beautiful job keeping the audience on the edge of their seat. This movie is one of my favorite movies of all time. It absolutely deserved the Oscar it won for Best Picture that year. It's crazy to think that producers were originally going to release it straight to DVD, but then changed their minds and did an experiement by releasing it into just a handful of theaters. The rest is history. This movie blew-up nationwide and had an incredible effect on most people that saw it, me included. 2 very enthusiastic thumbs-up! - Sagel Friendsmith
B004VMUS9G|4.0|The alarm has a lot of great options to play with,  only 4 stars because it does not let you use mp3s as alarms,  only ringtones
0385493622|4.0|I read Singh's \\"The Code Book\\" before, actually re-read it, and found him to have a gift for making complicated things easier to grasp. Though I'm not a mathematics enthusiast, I was intrigued by the story line of this book, and since I enjoyed Singh's writing style I decided to give it a try. Having read about the mathematical component of codes and cryptography in \\"The Code Book\\", I was curious to learn more. It was great, not bogging down in complicated equations, gave me a new appreciation for the world of mathematics, and added a level of \\"personality\\" to the world of academia. If there can be such a thing as a mathematical \\"page turner\\", this is it.
B000VWYNNW|5.0|[[ASIN:B000VWYNNW The Song Remains The Same (Remastered / Expanded) (2CD)]] I have always had the original album since it came out in 1976 also the CD but this new version is soooo much better. I also have How The West Was Won, WOW what a concert, I wish Jimmy Page would produce a DVD of that concert. I think You will greatly enjoy both concerts, I play them back to back and it is really fun, takes me back to my youth, I started my Led Zeppelin collection in 1969 when the first album was released, went through alot of drum sticks and heads with the first two albums.
B002HJ9PTO|5.0|Used it for the first time during a newscast, straight to the ZoomH4N input.     Picks up audio very well, does what the company says it will and more.
B004X0XA82|5.0|I've been so impressed by this album and have been listening to it non-stop.   It's great from beginning to end.   Highly recommended.
0446310786|5.0|I read this book when I was in high school and loved it, so I decided to purchase it used to place on my bookshelf.  My review is less of the book content itself (but it's a WONDERFUL and important read that everyone should make use of in their lifetime), but rather about how please I was with the Amazon used purchase.  I think I purchased this book for between $2-3, and it came in near perfect condition.  I saved a lot of money and was still able to add to my collection.  I've also purchased a few other used books through Amazon, and I've never been disappointed if I payed attention to the used \\"conditions\\" and picked the level I'd be satisfied with (i.e. \\"like new,\\" \\"good,\\" etc...).  I'm an advocate for Used books on Amazon!
0316056863|2.0|I usually find Tina Fey to be very funny. Unfortunately her book is not. Bossypants is only a mildly interesting book. I was very disappointed as I expected Tina to have a much more interesting time of it and would recount some hilariously funny experiences. The book is absent of hilarity. She doesn't provide many interesting details about the people she has met throughout her career either. I was really expecting a David Sedaris laugh out loud type of read, but this book is pretty ho hum. I feel as though Ms. Fey held back. I saw a clip of her interviewed by Howard Stern. In this interview with Howard, she reveals what it was like to work with Paris Hilton on SNL. She really lets it rip. No holds barred. Sadly she's nothing like this in her book. Bottom line: I would not recommend this book to my friends.
B004QL7K8O|5.0|I saw this a year ago at the Seattle International Film Festival. The audience did not stop laughing throughout the film and ROARED when the director got on stage after. This film was loved by everyone in there. BTW, I am not a horror fan...the spoofing makes it much more palatable to me. I strongly urge you to see this film and as for me,I will be buying it when it's available.
B0034G4P80|5.0|Saw the movie in 3D. The special effects are excellent, the characters likable, and the plot was good. Hemsworth is ripped, Portman is cute, Hopkins is regal; it all works.    The movie begins with a battle between the Aasgardian's and the Frost Giants, and sets the stage for all that follows, including Thor's banishment by Odin, Loki's many treacheries, and a battle between worlds,    I usually don't like wearing 3D glasses when watching a movie, but in this case I would recommend seeing it in 3D if you can, and if you like 3D of course. Very well done!
B004Q7E0TA|5.0|I knew almost nothing about Portia De Rossi before reading her gripping biography. Sure I'd seen her years ago on Ally McBeal. I knew she was beautiful, I knew she was married to Ellen DeGeneres and I had just assumed she was another perfect movie star living the dream with a life to be envious of. This is so not the case here.<br /><br />Unbearable Lightness is brutal, scary, well written and shocking in its honesty, chronicling Portia's almost lifelong struggle with an eating disorder. We bare witness as she yo-yo diets through the ages of 12-25 binging and purging, basing her happiness on the number on the scale. Then finally (through the help of a nutritionist) we watch as Portia becomes successful at \\"dieting.\\" Starving and excessively excising her way down to 82 lbs. Sad, frightening, tortuous and just plain crazy, this was engrossing yet at times painful to read.<br /><br />We are given some insight into Portia's life however this does not read like your standard memoir, focusing almost exclusively on her eating disorder and shying away from any real understanding of her career or personal relationships. In a vague sense we learn of Portia's childhood in Australia, her early modeling days, first marriage in Los Angeles and almost invisible, worthless feelings associated with Ally McBeal. The only behind the scenes we get there are regarding her fittings and the size of her power suits. Portia's sexuality is discussed but again vaguely, mainly it's as a fear of being exposed and her confusion living life as a closeted gay woman.<br /><br />Throughout we get the feeling that Portia doesn't feel she deserves anything, to say she has low self esteem would be an understatement, she has no self esteem. She is lonely obsessed with food and calorie counting and her only real relationship is with her treadmill, basing any happiness on losing weight, because everything will be perfect if she can just lose 5-10-15 lbs. As a warning; during the height of her disease this begins to read a bit like a how-to-guide for the anorexic and I would bare this in mind if you're at all going to be using this book as a form of recovery tool.<br /><br />During one Christmas Portia hits her lowest weight. At 82 lbs she's consuming just 300 calories a day. She knows she's too thin, she's hiding her bony arms and her family is crying at the sight of her however she no longer knows how to eat, food scares her and she's afraid of going back to the binging/purging and self hatred.<br /><br />Eventually on a movie set DeRossi's body can longer take the abuse; she's sick, exhausted and her bones ache. She has also developed osteoporosis and lupus and has to start eating. Portia's recovery process here is insightful, uplifting and beautifully done and I really wish her the best. Cheers<br /><br />This was the scariest passage for me;<br />\\"I hadn't eaten for many hours and my calorie count was fairly low that day, I would allow myself to have a piece of Extra chewing gum. I always allowed myself to have gum, but at 5 calories a stick, I had to add it to my daily calorie allowance because it was these kinds of unrecorded calories that could build up and cause you to gain weight.\\"<br />-Portia proceeds to \\"pig out\\" in a self described \\"frenzied feeding.\\" Consuming the entire pack of gum in a matter of minutes. Then filled with guilt over what she's done and terrified she'll gain weight again she begins running sprints (in high heels) across the mall parking lot, in a desperate attempt to rid her body of the calories and maintain control.like a how-to-guide for the anorexic and I would bare this in mind if you're at all going to be using this book as a form of recovery tool.     During one Christmas Portia hits her lowest weight. At 82 lbs she's consuming just 300 calories a day. She knows she's too thin, she's hiding her bony arms and her family is crying at the sight of her however she no longer knows how to eat, food scares her and she's afraid of going back to the binging/purging and self hatred.     Eventually on a movie set DeRossi's body can longer take the abuse; she's sick, exhausted and her bones ache. She has also developed osteoporosis and lupus and has to start eating. Portia's recovery process here is insightful, uplifting and beautifully done and I really wish her the best. Cheers     This was the scariest passage for me;   \\"I hadn't eaten for many hours and my calorie count was fairly low that day, I would allow myself to have a piece of Extra chewing gum. I always allowed myself to have gum, but at 5 calories a stick, I had to add it to my daily calorie allowance because it was these kinds of unrecorded calories that could build up and cause you to gain weight.\\"   -Portia proceeds to \\"pig out\\" in a self described \\"frenzied feeding.\\" Consuming the entire pack of gum in a matter of minutes. Then filled with guilt over what she's done and terrified she'll gain weight again she begins running sprints (in high heels) across the mall parking lot, in a desperate attempt to rid her body of the calories and maintain control.
B002ZG97EC|1.0|Hate BD-Live. Haaaaaaaaate it!    It forces you to watch like 20 minutes of Studio propaganda before it lets you watch the movie you just bought and paid for. And just to make sure you know what a sucker you were, one of the commercials is about how great BD-Live is. Only in Hollywood could something like this seem like a good idea.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This sharpener is a wonderful tool if used properly.  There is surperb feedback from the edge as you sharpen it.  I avoid the carbide unless the edge is damaged and I can't get to my sharpening stones.  The carbide blades are aggressive I really only use them with a light touch to remove a nick or burr if I did something stupid and damaged the edge.  Remember, unless YOU make a mistake and damage the edge, you should never get a burr or nick in your blade.  Still it's good to have the carbide if it's needed.  The ceramic I use in the morning, before I use the knife, to touch up the edge.  Several passes with a light touch is all that's needed.  Occasionally I touch it up during the day if I feel the blade dragging a bit.    It is possible to damage a blade with this (or any other) sharpener.  Operator error, not the tool, would be the issue there.  Uneven pressure, too heavy a pressure or too much haste are the main culprits causing trouble.  This is a lightweight, small tool, it is best used with finesse.  it is far better suited to several light, controlled strokes rather than a heavy handed mauling of your edge.     Also note that the grind angle is fixed at a fairly shallow angle that is not the best for fine edges.  This is a utility grind angle.  An angle best suited to field knives, kitchen choppers and general kitchen utility blades.  With gentle use the ceramic can be use on fine edges, but a steeper angled tool would do a better job.  Still, I do use the ceramic sharpening notch to touch up my kitchen knives and it does a decent job.    I've carried one of these ever since I first found them.  I own several and have had a few \\"begged away\\" by friends.   I've used it extensively.  I've never damaged an edge or created a wavy, uneven edge.  If you do manage that, you're not using the sharpener correctly.  Light passes, even pressure and PAY ATTENTION.  Avoid using the carbide unless you have a damaged or severely blunted/rounded edge.  Even then, those problems are better fixed with a good quality stone.  You can completely restore an edge with this tool, but it's takes more time and far more concentration that using a large stone.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Super addictive and fun. but i recommend downloading it from the android market instead. Super addictive and fun. but i recommend downloading it from the android market instead
6305252521|5.0|This is such a terrific movie. Jim Carrey's performance is perfect, and his ability to convey his over-the-top personality with moments of deep vulnerability and fear is heartbreaking.<br /><br />SPOILER ALERT<br /><br />The story itself is enough to give you chills - a baby who is legally adopted by a corporation in order to televise his entire life, a life that is heavily controlled, is eerie, especially considering our own contemporary tv culture, which is heavily saturated with \\"reality\\" tv. As a social commentary on what our own television culture is turning into, it hit the nail right on the head. And reality tv didn't even hit its stride until the early 2000's, with shows like Fear Factor (2001), American Idol (2002) and The Bachelor (2002). Considering that The Truman Show came out in 1998, this turned out to be a prophetic message.
0670022411|4.0|I read several chapters of this book, then I read some of the reviews here. I almost didn't go back to the book, but then curiosity got the better of me, so I finished it. All in all, I thought it was a good book. I really enjoyed the historical parts of the story. The variety of supernatural beings also kept things interesting. I didn't mind the romantic relationship between Matthew and Diana, although at times it seemed very Twilight-esque to me. In fact, there were several occasions in this book when I thought, \\"Wow, I read this before...in Twilight.\\" The story is not resolved at the end of the book, which I found annoying. In general, I don't enjoy books in series where there are obvious cliff-hangers at the end which forces you to continue reading the series. To me, the first book in a series should be able to stand alone. That's just a personal preference, of course, but it makes me wonder what would've happened if this book would have been a commercial flop and the publisher decided not to publish the rest of the series. We'd never have a resolution to this story. Anyway, I enjoyed the book. I didn't think it was the best book I've ever read, but I found it interesting and captivating enough to hold my attention. It's obvious that the author is a historian, and that's what makes this book rise above some others of the same genre. I would recommend this book to people who like fantasy novels and don't mind some romance thrown in there, too. It was a good enough book to make me want to continue to read the rest of the series.
6305308659|5.0|I love movies from the 90's, don't you? Pleasantville was one of many great movies that were made in the late 90's. The story is a clever allegory on the difficulty and violence that comes with any great social change, using the visual effects of greyscale and color to convey the idea.<br /><br />SPOILER ALERT<br /><br />Tobey Maguire and Reese Witherspoon are wonderful in their roles of David and Jen, twin siblings who get sucked into the greyscale Pleasantville universe, where they become Bud and Mary Sue. They discover that the world, while \\"pleasant,\\" is void of any of those \\"unpleasant\\" emotions that make life so exciting - joy and anger and grief and chaos. Joan Allen gives a stunning performance as Betty, the housewife mother who is part of the first batch of citizens in Pleasantville to achieve \\"color,\\" and begins to question her role as a woman, a mother and a wife. Jeff Daniels is equally wonderful as the hapless owner of the soda-shop who's one joy in life is painting, and the emergence of color into his universe, as well as Betty into his life, brings him visible joy. William H. Macy as George, Betty's husband, gives a very believable performance of a man who's comfortable, routine-filled world has been turned upside-down, and his inability to express his complex, unpleasant emotions when his wife leaves.<br /><br />The movie could probably be a tad more subtle with the symbolism, but it doesn't come off too ham-handed, and all in all it's a very good movie that gets it's message across.
B003UESJFG|4.0|2-D Blu-Ray review.  If you are reading this for another format, then some of this information may not apply.<br />Film:  4/5, Picture Quality:  4/5, Audio Quality:  5/5, Extras:  4/5, Overall:  4/5<br /><br />Quality:<br /><br />I can detect a slight amount of jagged lines, aliasing, pixilation, and banding. But it's very slight and small, and almost unnoticeable unless you got your face glued to the screen. It's just a slight problem for me; the image still looks insanely sharp and clean, with good-looking colors and contrast (once again, I don't see a problem with coloring). I seem to remember \\"Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children\\" having worse issues than this. Sound quality did not disappoint.<br /><br />Extras include a commentary, a bunch of documentaries, some games, a deleted scene, and plenty of other cool stuff. My copy came with a bonus DVD copy of the film as well.<br /><br />My copy also came with a slipcover.<br /><br />Film:<br /><br />Superheroes typically win the fight and get the girl in the end, but what happens when a supervillain succeeds? We see maybe a little bit of that scenario with \\"Despicable Me,\\" but \\"Megamind\\" throws superpowers and heroism in the mix to more effectively lampoon off of the \\"Superman\\" mythos. As a result, we get a rather intriguing premise, gracious amounts of action and eye-candy, and quite a few amusing laughs. The comedy's nice and slappy, with plenty of funny lines. Will Ferrell's style of humor works well for the movie. It's quite fun overall, and I'd put it on the same level as \\"Monsters vs Aliens.\\"<br /><br />The story's pretty unique; it borrows a little from other sources, but once it gets going it develops a brilliant tale of deception and dramatic irony. The middle of the movie drags maybe a little, and the film overall feels a little hectic as it jumps from one mad situation to another, and then tossing one or two bizarre twists. But it all works out sublimely in the end. It also helps that the characters receive decent treatment with some solid emotional depth.<br /><br />The film shows strong animation quality. Movements are smooth, textures rendering and lighting are great, and the overall designs are stylish. It's similar in style and quality to \\"Monsters vs Aliens.\\" Voice-acting seems good; Will Ferrell, Tina Fey, Jonah Hill, Brad Pitt, Ben Stiller, are all decent. Music features a lot of rock songs, which seem a little arbitrary, but usually do fit their given scenes.<br /><br />4/5 (entertainment: 4.5/5, story: 4/5, film: 4/5)The film shows strong animation quality. Movements are smooth, textures rendering and lighting are great, and the overall designs are stylish. It's similar in style and quality to \\"Monsters vs Aliens.\\" Voice-acting seems good; Will Ferrell, Tina Fey, Jonah Hill, Brad Pitt, Ben Stiller, are all decent. Music features a lot of rock songs, which seem a little arbitrary, but usually do fit their given scenes.     4/5 (entertainment: 4.5/5, story: 4/5, film: 4/5)
B002JVWR4A|5.0|The fifth season set includes a lot more extras than previous seasons: three featurettes, two extended episodes, episode commentaries, a gag reel and deleted scenes. It also includes all 22 episodes of season 5.<br /><br />SPOILER ALERT<br /><br />The season opens with the wonderful Cindy Lauper guest starring as a psychic, which was a treat. Booth realizes his romantic feelings for Bones, though he is unable to tell her, and he battles the aftereffects of his brain surgery. Arastoo \\"comes out\\" about his fake accent, as well as describing the relationship he feels exists between Islam and science. Diedrich Bader is Andrew Hacker, Assistant Director to the FBI, who gives a wonderful performance, especially in his frequent attempts to impress Bones, who he has a hopeless crush on. We get to meet Booth's grandfather, who reveals a secret to Bones and encourages her to tell Booth \\"when the time is right.\\" Zooey Deschanel (Emily Deschanel's real-life sister) guest stars as Bones' cousin in one episode. Angela and Wendell begin a relationship, though it ends pretty quickly, and a few episodes after that Angela and Hodgins finally get married (just like we knew they always would.) Cam finally begins dating, and the Grave Digger trial concludes with the Grave Digger being convicted and sent to jail.<br /><br />MORE SPOILER ALERTS<br /><br />The 100th episode (or episode 16 of season 5), Booth finally professes his feelings to Bones. It's also the first Bones episode that is directed by David Boreanaz. It's mostly flashback, and we get to see the first time Bones and Booth work together, but the flashbacks don't feel like filler (as a lot of flashback episodes are.) Bones declines, and their relationship stays the same, though slightly more awkward in following episodes. It's a good episode, and we even get to see Zack again, in his role as Bones' grad student.<br /><br />There's a lot of great story arcs in this season, and the season finale is done very well, opening up lots of new possibilities for the next season.son.
B004AHNIGM|5.0|This CD gets better every time I listen to it.  Let's hope this man sticks around a long time and makes a lot more music.
0300169787|5.0|I went to the exhibit that accompanies this book at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. It was a magnificent exhibit that showcased McQueen's skill as a fashion designer and master tailor. The clothes and accesories in the exhibit are beautifully featured in this stunningly bound catalogue. Photographs do not do McQueen's vision justice, you'll need the exhibit for that. However, if you cannot make it to the show, do pick up this book. If you are interested in fashion, art, and history, look no further. Its such a shame that the world lost such a unique individual. No one will ever take his place or be able to replicate what he did. Kudos to the Met and Anna Wintour for acknowledging the work of this amazing visionary with a superb exhibit and companion book. Highly recommended.
B004KPLVW2|3.0|It was nice to be able to watch the classic Tron and then watch the sequel.  You can really see how far special effects have come just in 20 years.
B004IQMXD4|4.0|Someting a bit different from our Ms. Nicks. I found it to be a little dark and gothic. Which is OK. Stevie always was one to set the mood with her music. Some of the tracks all most seem like a personal purging as well... getting rid of old \\"demons\\" that haunt her. Secret Love is a great song, the lyrics could apply to any of us. Wild Sargossa Sea(my favorite)seems to be the antidote to her \\"Rooms on Fire\\", very intense song, along the lines of Gold Dust Woman, just READ between the lines. Soldiers Angel is a tear jerker. I commend her work she does for our DAV's and for remembering them. THANK YOU STEVIE! \\"New Orleans\\" is just a fun song as is \\"Moonlight\\". Dave Stewart did an exceptional job of producing this album. The musical arrangements come across as Victorian, just kind of sticks in your head because it IS very different.I would recommend this CD for a listen, to give it a chance, I have listened to it every day since I purchased it on it's release date and I ever more find reason to love it!
B0021L8V0M|2.0|I didn't see this movie in the theater because I'd rather watch certain types of action films on the 32-inch screen rather than the big screen. I must say, however, that the film left me with kind of a bad taste in my mouth. I have nothing against women being depicted as powerful action heroines. We've certainly seen much of that in recent years, with Uma Thurman in the two Kill Bill films and Sigourney Weaver in Alien and Aliens. So I was left with a puzzle. Why did I find Evenlyn Salt so unappealing? Why did the movie leave me feeling unsatisfied and unsympathetic, ultimately, with the female protagonist?<br /><br />Even though I am a feminist and a woman who has always worked with very strong women in fields such as publishing and university teaching, Salt lost my sympathy when she stood there and watched her beloved husband die. Here's a woman who can very convincingly take out the CIA and the Secret Service, but she can't save the man who saved her life in North Korea and has given her nothing but love and tenderness? And if she broke out of her cell at the beginning of the film to find him, why did she let him die once she had?<br /><br />Dare I say it? I realize that I expect more of a female action lead than to be just a man in a female body. What's interesting about that? Beatrice in Kill Bill 2 fights to save her child because she is a mother. Ripley in Aliens fights to save Newt and her friends. Both of these women are \\"Big Mamas,\\" protectors and warriors we can count on. I think we've come to expect more of women action stars. What sets them apart from the the Van Dammes and the Schwarzeneggers on the silver screen is that they love, they care, their appeal is found in their powerful ability to feel for those they love, to belong to something--a person, a community. They have a place for others in their hearts. That's why we also love Bruce Willis in the Die Hard films, because he fights for his family.<br /><br />Fighting to save and protect people you love is much more appealing and intriguing than fighting for some shadowy political cause. I wouldn't sacrifice my husband for my country. Sorry, Salt.ing and intriguing than fighting for some shadowy political cause. I wouldn't sacrifice my husband for my country. Sorry, Salt.
B001VLXNLU|5.0|I don't find that there is a lot of whining and teen aged angst in this book or the others in the series.  In fact, I see what may be termed as that as a usual rite of passage.  We were all there and did our version of these behaviors.  It is part of growing up.  That it is all set in a world where vampyres appear without warning or previous indicators adds a sense of newness to what we all go through.  The story line does take us through the trials and tribulations of good and bad choices, but I enjoyed that there was the new slant of vampire in the mix.  I enjoyed all three of these books immensely and will keep looking for more.
B003L77G10|5.0|This has become one of my top ten shows on tv.  I look forward to it every week.  The drama has been greatly enhanced by several developments in the plot and characterization.<br /><br />First, Michael J. Fox has been added to the cast.  He doesn't have a big role but when he is on, he is great.  He is a lawyer who will do anything to win his case, including using his significant physical disabilities in order to win the jury's sympathy and understanding. He tries to lure Alicia into his firm and I can see that becoming a real viability for season three. One thing he can do is an incredible job at winning his case during the day and then putting it away at night when he turns to his long term marriage and family.  This no other character on the show can manage to achieve, especially Alicia.<br /><br />Alicia's husband has been kind of the bad guy throughout whereas her old boyfriend, now law boss, has been seen as the good guy.  These lines have been considerably blurred this season.  There is an element of ruthlessness to both men this season. However, Chris Noth as the husband, comes across as untrustworthy in every frame.  You do not grow to like him.  Ironically, this is a change for Noth who more familiarly played the \\"good cop\\" on shows such as Law & Order.<br /><br />The very best though are the characters of Alicia and her best friend, her firm's detective. There is a terrific crescendo which builds in the second season which involves both of them and the potential to make them enemies instead.  I can't say more because this is something you want to watch develop on your own.<br /><br />Eli is becoming a favorite of mine too and he is especially great this season when he is attracted to a new character, the former star of UGLY BETTY. Slowly you begin to see Eli like and respect Alicia a lot more than his political client, her husband.  Alicia and Eli have come a long way together without becoming love interests.<br /><br />Everyone else does a great job too but I have outlined my favorite characters and developments in the show.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.rs and developments in the show.    Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
0385533829|5.0|I have read all Dan Brown's books and have enjoyed them all as historical fiction.  Reread all in illustrated version and liked much better.  Adds a lot to actually see places and items rather than trying to imagine from discriptions.  Would advise anyone to read illustrated versions even though a little more expensive.
B0041KKYEM|1.0|Think of all the perverted self loathing thing you can put in one movie and you've got it all in Black Swan.  It could have been summed up in a 5 minute, or less film.
B002AEB8P0|5.0|Alexander Rybak's first job, pretty good and catchy melodies, lyrics a bit melancholic, and best of all the violin. work that shows that it is a promising artist.
B00002MZ2T|1.0|This was supposed to be a new CD but was scratched so bad it won't even play. Live and learn I won't bye anything else from this site.
B000TJQ75O|5.0|It's a good coleccon of the classic that earned recognition for Natalie in the world worth having and enjoy remember old times
B004VD3PE0|3.0|If I Stay was a different sort of book for me; I don't read much contemporary. Parts of it were great, and others...not so much. What I really loved about it: the drama. What I wasn't a huge fan of: the drama. No, there's no typo there. Let me explain.    After Mia and her family become victims of a horrible car accident, Mia soon realizes that her conscious has stepped outside her body and can watch everything going on around her. She can't interact with anyone, and they don't know she's there; but she can hear and see everything they say and do.    I loved everything that happened after the accident - everyone visiting her in the hospital. I also really liked her description of the accident, itself. It was graphic enough to make me shudder but not over the top. The issue of a car crash really hits home with a lot of people, I think, because most of us have been in one before and know how scary they are.    Imagine the worst possible scenario. Well, Mia is in that one.    Forman alternates between the present tense (in the hospital after the crash) and Mia's memories related to what's going on around her. The memories are where the story started going awry for me. I liked the idea of the flashbacks in theory. I just wasn't a huge fan of the execution. I realize this is YA, but did there have to be that much angst between Mia and her boyfriend? I found myself rolling my eyes at the passages describing \\"young love\\" and Mia's crying about missing her BF. It became hokey to me, a distraction from the real drama of Mia's accident and her relationships with family.    I also wasn't a huge fan of every \\"normal\\" person Mia knows being a liberal or punk. I have no problems with these people, but I do think there are \\"normal\\" people who are conservative and preppy. I just wanted more diversity, I guess. Sure, keep the hardcore atheist. But maybe mix a Christian or Mormon in there.    Where If I Stay really shined, though, was its exploration of music. Oh, the music! *swoon*Mia is a cellist, her boyfriend's in a punk rock band, her father was a musician, and her mom is a rock music groupie. What better combination can you get? I loved the way Forman described music and how she integrated it into the story - how it almost became its own character. This aspect of the book was flawless and beautiful and added an incredible depth I wasn't expecting in a book that's less than 300 pages.    This is certainly an emotional book, though I didn't find myself very attached to any of the characters. At times, though, I find myself tired after reading it - it's tough subject matter. The crux of the plot centers around Mia's choice to either continue living or to die and hopefully join her family.    I wish I had had strong feelings about wanting her to live, but I just didn't. Towards the end of the story, I was getting a little bored with the am-I-going-to-give-up-or-not? debate, but the last few pages did me in. This book has an incredible ending!    I'll say it again in case you missed it: incredible ending.    On the last page, I almost didn't want it to stop. And that's when you know the author did her job. So though the middle dragged a little and the characterizations seemed in need of some balance, I would recommend reading it if only for the last few pages.
006145205X|5.0|[[VIDEOID:moWUDSOBLSACOD]]Bill Larsen's review was made as part of a critical review assignment for the Spring 2011 Economics of Technology seminar at the University of Nebraska at Omaha, taught by Art Diamond. (The course syllabus stated that part of the critical review assignment consisted of the making of a video recording of the review, and the posting of the review to Amazon.)
B004TE6F66|5.0|The deliciousness of the Wolves of Mercy Falls series comes from Stiefvater's writing and how she weaves the beauty of her language into the fabric of her plotline. With Shiver, I was blown away by the sheer beauty of some of her passages. You just don't read stuff like that nowadays - and definitely not in YA. But with Linger, the beauty came from the story as a whole and how it built to a heart-wrenching climax of love and loss.<br /><br />I devoured Shiver - read it in a single day. But I had to take Linger slower, not only because I crashed every night after working with kids in Thailand but because I had to digest the story. It's certainly not a \\"page turner\\" per se - the pacing is on the slow side, nothing much happens throughout the book actionwise, and there are a lot of POV's being juggled. But somehow, it all comes together.<br /><br />The introduction of a new wolf, Cole, turns the entire story on its head. I've mentioned before that I'm in love with Sam, but I honestly think Cole stole the show for me in Linger. All the other characters seem to revolve around him in one way or another. And the interplay between him and Isabelle is great! I love how Stiefvater offers the sensitive, \\"good\\" boy (Sam) and the crusty-exterior-but-good-at-heart, \\"bad\\" boy (Cole) in the same book.<br /><br />**MINI SPOILER ALERT** And the scene with Cole and the deer rivals the bathtub scene from Shiver. I don't know how Steifvater can take something quite so disturbing and make it readable, but she did. And I love how she made that one instance stick with him, a symbol of his depravity. SO GOOD! **END SPOILER**<br /><br />One thing I really love about this series is how Stiefvater makes all her characters so wounded and broken. Linger explores a lot of internal pain and struggles in the main characters of Grace, Sam, Cole, and Isabelle. Overall, the book felt more like a giant character sketch than a novel. The character development is incredible, the emotions are rough, and the ending is beautiful. I can't wait to read the next one!!!!wait to read the next one!!!!
B001NLKWLW|4.0|Some parts of the story are a bit predictable, but it is told very well. The author has a great gift for story telling. The chapters alternate between different time periods and different characters all related to one another, but it all ultimately comes together very nicely.
B004HKZHES|5.0|For decades, Sonic Youth has been everyone's influence.  The genre people call \\"post rock\\" couldn't exist without them, as they single handedly bridge progressive rock, noise, punk, thrash, and basic rock and roll.  However, they have always been a band whose music has had a message, and they have been involved in the world around them politically as much as aesthetically.      This soundtrack is just that: an instrumental record that captures Sonic Youth's core sound and casts atmospheres of anxiety, travel, and crisis without being itself narrative.  Although the film the music accompanies may have a hard time penetrating the U.S. and U.K. markets, this soundtrack is fantastic.
B0011UJMK2|5.0|I had not read a good book in a long time before picking up this novel. Child 44 is well-written and it had me from page one. I loved the characters, the historical background, and although the plot became a little predictable 3/4 of the way through, I still loved it.
1931559317|5.0|I got this by accident - I'd looked at it a while back and added it to my basket, then bought something else, and had forgotten about the book. Had a very nice surprise when it arrived!   I've been using Nortons Star Atlas for donkeys years and really needed something more practical, and this is perfect. Clear, well laid out, and obviously designed by people who spend a lot of time at the eyepiece. I had to wait a few days for a clear night, but on the first night out with it and my 4\\" refractor, I bagged a load of Messier objects I hadn't seen before, including lots of galaxies in the Virgo / Leo / Coma area.     If you're looking for a handy, practical star atlas you can use at the eyepiece, this is it. There may be others, but this one would be hard to beat, and I guarantee it'll get well used, and you may have to buy more than one!
B00406UK7S|4.0|Considering that the Story of the 9th Legion is really Unknown apart from the point of disappearance, this was a very entertaning yarn of the possibilities. I enjoy these movies as pure entertainment.
0143117564|4.0|'Inherent Vice' is Thomas Pynchon's most recent novel. It's also the shortest and the most straightforward he has ever put out.<br />The book is a downright enjoyable, comic take on the archetypal big-city private eye tale but it also doubles as Pynchon's personal ode to the '60s and their ultimate demise.<br />Set in LA circa 1970, the plot stars Larry `Doc' Sportello, a detective who also happens to be a dope head. Speaking of dope, there are loads of it featured throughout the novel, as there are loads of many other things that are synonym with the '60s: surf music, Ford Mustangs, Charles Manson, hippies, etc.<br /><br />You'll get an endless stream of pop culture name-dropping across the novel but for once Pynchon sticks mostly to the plot, without letting the side episodes overrun the narrative. This, again, makes for a much more straightforward reading experience.<br /><br />While living in a permanent state of haze, `Doc' somehow manages to get entangled in a conspiracy involving, among other things, the LAPD, a notorious real estate mogul, a gang of nazi bikers, drug dealers, pimps, beach babes, the Feds, musicians of various order and a mysterious organization called `The Golden Fang'.<br />The silly names, deranged song lyrics and cartoonish, exaggerated set-ups  make for a great comic novel, yet there is some depth under the sheer fun of the plotline.<br /><br />More specifically Pynchon fills some passages with a marked nostalgia for what the '60s where about and what went wrong with them. Speaking of the latter aspect, it's no coincidence the novel is set in 1970, more or less at the same time of the Manson trial, which in pop culture marked the end of an era. `Doc', the main character, is the shiny, happy, if a bit naive, side of the '60s, the author seems to imply. When public opinion rejected the '60s (in the aftermath of the Manson trial), they rejected him too and that's a pity. Hippies were deeply flawed creatures but, this seems to be the idea, they had something good to offer too.<br /><br />As for the writing style this is 100% Pynchon. The language is just plain beautiful and I'm always amazed by how the author can weave high-brow references and low-brow pop touches together with such ease.<br /><br />This is basically a book Tom Robbins, another favourite of mine, could have written, if he were more post-modern and, let's face it, more sophisticated.<br />Ultimately `Inherent Vice' doesn't belong up there with Pynchon's masterworks yet it's the closest he will ever get to writing a popular novel and it might well serve as an entry point for those who are not familiar with this mysterious writer.As for the writing style this is 100% Pynchon. The language is just plain beautiful and I'm always amazed by how the author can weave high-brow references and low-brow pop touches together with such ease.    This is basically a book Tom Robbins, another favourite of mine, could have written, if he were more post-modern and, let's face it, more sophisticated.  Ultimately `Inherent Vice' doesn't belong up there with Pynchon's masterworks yet it's the closest he will ever get to writing a popular novel and it might well serve as an entry point for those who are not familiar with this mysterious writer.
B004CA2HVE|5.0|the included video is laughably bad. but then West isn't really known as a cinema director. the music on the album? stellar. West moves easily through self- and industry criticism, all while maintaining addictive musicality. my favorite album for the last several months.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Wall-E (Single-Disc Edition) is a Disney Pixar animated movie that stars the little robot Walle. Walle lives on the planet earth that has been abandoned by humans because of to much garbage has destroyed the planet. He is waste management robot. One day he meets the upgraded robot Ewa who is on a secret mission and the adventure begins. The story line is well-developed and I love Walle. The music is amazing and I can highly recommend this movie for children and adults alike. Highly recommended indeed. 5/5.
B002LITSE8|5.0|From the first sentence, Matheson caught my interest with \\"I am Legend;\\" I was transfixed by the post-apocalyptic world that he crafted with ease.  His writing is succinct and effortless, easy to fall into.  It is a quick read, creepy and gripping at times.<br /><br />\\"I am Legend\\" takes place in the 50's/60's, when a vampire plague has taken over America (and possibly the world), leaving our protagonist, Robert Neville, the only man left in the world.  We experience Neville's grief and his solitary hell of day after day, fixing his home and hoarding supplies and spending the evenings listening to the barrage of vampires upon his front door.  Neville handles his situation realistically: alcohol and rage.<br /><br />After \\"I am Legend\\" (which has a twist of an ending.. perhaps not satisfying, but original), Matheson finishes the book with short stories eerie and creative.  He is a master of suspenseful building with surprising endings.  This is a pleasant and quick read....but leave the lights on!
B003UESJF6|5.0|I am 31 years old and will watch this movie over and over. It gets funnier everytime. I absolutely love this movie!!! Oh, my 4 year old son loves it too! LOL
0671502484|5.0|I ordered this book used. After about a week the book did not arrive and I contacted the seller. They apologized and immediately sent a replacement for the first order, which arrived within one week. Problems can happen with delivery (I never received the original copy) but this company made things good, no questions asked. A special thanks to the seller.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|awsome hand held knife sharpener. Very easy  to use, works well . Tried it on old kitchen knife to test it out. It put a new edge on in 2 passes .  It's a must have for all tool boxes & kitchen drawers. Works on fishing hooks too .
0446691437|2.0|For the right person, this book could be a godsend.  Literally.  I know people who say it \\"changed their life\\" and I'm happy for them that they got something out of it.    I didn't.  Let me explain why.    The first section of the book describes what the author calls \\"Resistance\\", all things that prevent us from being creative.  Some observations are insightful, some are stating the obvious, others point out things that are obvious only when pointed out.  Good enough.    The second section is \\"Combating Resistance\\", which is all about professionalism in creative endeavors.  Again, some decent advice, most of which boils down to Doing The Work.  A writer writes, an illustrator illustrates, a composer composes, etc. To be one, you have to do it.  OK.    The third section \\"Beyond Resistance\\" falls apart completely, however, unless you share Pressfield's belief in invisible mystical people.  He tells the unfortunate reader who might be \\"uncomfortable\\" with his talk of Angels and Muses (presumably because atheists are insecure in our disbelief?) that we're free to pretend that he's talking about objective forces of nature.  But that simply doesn't work, because Gravity doesn't whisper ideas into people's ears, and the Subconscious doesn't ask you to offer your finished work to it as a gift.  This section only makes sense if you accept that he's talking about supernatural entities.  To someone who believes that creativity comes from within the human mind in response to what we experience in the real world, this is just meaningless nonsense.  It doesn't help.    The first two sections have some value.  You can get some good insight and advice from them, but you can get that from the fortune cookies that come with your sweet and sour pork and cashew chicken, if you read enough of them.  And it all leads up to a conclusion that requires dismissing your faith in your own internal creativity, and giving it all up to mysticism.  To me that would be surrender, and that's now howI intend for my own personal War of Art to end.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|I've seen the U.S. and Swedish versions of this film a total of 5 times in a very short time.  I've NEVER given any film that much attention.  I usually consider watching films multiple times to be a waste of precious hours of my life.  Saw it, cataloged it, move on.  But John Lindqvist's novel affected me like nothing I've read in a very long time.  And in my opinion both films are shining tributes to that book.  I've been trying to decide which film is superior and upon viewing Matt Reeve's classic for the 3rd time it hit me.  Who cares?!  I'll build a shrine to both of them.  There are film snobs who will be unable to make one positive comment about the American version.  U.S. films never measure up, right?  Let them rant.    I'm not saying I think Let Me In is perfect.  Johan Soderqvist's score to the Swedish version captures the beauty and heartbreak of this love story in a way that Giacchino's does not.  In places the U.S. film's score becomes an unnecessary distraction.  I'm not a big fan of the use of CGI in the U.S. version either.  Matt Reeves in some places makes use of plot devices and in others omits elements that alter the story and deny us some of it's full impact.  He sacrificed a bit more of what could have been our complete understanding of Abby's history and who she really is (Read the book, people!). To be fair, neither film has the time to fully introduce Eli/Abby to us, but perhaps this adds to her mystique, at least where the movies are concerned.  I consider mine to be minor critcisms.  Mr. Reeves didn't set out to make a carbon-copy of Alfredson's classic.                                               To those who claim this is a scene-for-scene duplicate I say you know that's ridiculous.  Reeves tells the story from a slightly different point of view and gives prominence to different characters than Alfredson did.  Different character emphasis, alternate narrative, different scenes.  if he hadn't maintianed the important (and therefore similar) elements, his film's connection to the book would be weak.  Was this remake necessary?  Go ahead and argue it if you like.  Is it a worthy and worthwhile contribution to American cinema?  I say absolutely!  In the long history of the \\"horror\\" genre there are very, very few films that can really be considered classics and far fewer still that transcend the genre in a way that allows them to be taken seriously.  Let Me In can take it's place among those rate creations.  And given the unfortunate aversion of many Americans to dubbed or sub-titled foreign movies, Let Me In delivers the story in a more palatable format.  This film is a must-see however, if for no other reason than to catch a glimpse of two phenomenal young actors in action.  Chloe and Kodi, I'll happily declare myself your No.1 fan (not counting parents and other immediate family members of course).  Their performances are (sorry) Kick-A**!  One last thought.  For those who found this film \\"boring\\", I'll give you my definition.  Boring is watching the same splatter film you've seen fifty times, only with a different title and different actors, hoping maybe you'll be treated to some as yet unthought of approach to dismemberment, not a ghost of a chance the movie will give you as much to think about as Let Me In does.  Take if from someone who has been watching horror films for a very long time and felt I should have given up years ago.  That is until Alfredson and Reeves rescued horror from Halloween (Zombie) oblivion.  Thank you gentlemen.
B004PGO25O|2.0|To be upfront, I was disappointed by the overly mystical/magical ending to The War of Art (useless to me), but a friend assured me that Do The Work was free of that, so I gave it a look.    Pressfield may not be talking about his imaginary friends in the sky this time, but he still loads the book with bits of little wisdom that he turns into foolishness by taking them way too far, to their willfully illogical conclusions.  Metaphors about babies and bathwater come to mind.    For example he declares, \\"Bad things happen when we employ rational thought.\\"  Er... no.  Bad things happen when we let rational thought stop us from being creative, but that's not the same thing.  And bad things also happen when we ignore rational thought altogether in favor of instinct.    A little bit later he cites Lindbergh, Jobs, and Churchill as \\"stupid\\" because that's the only way they would have undertaken the seemingly impossible things they did.  Um... no.  First, that's not stupidity, it's foolhardiness or naïvete; a writer should know the difference.  Second, they weren't naïve, either.  Jobs understood what he was up against when he returned to Apple; he was just arrogant enough to believe he was up to the task (which Pressfield appropriately praises) and smart enough, analytical enough, critical enough to be right (which is where Pressfield is wrong).    Pressfield sees people doing things like overthinking or ignoring their instincts or being too self-critical (which are all real problems), and then failing (which is what happens), so he apparently concludes that you should *not* think, *always* trust your instincts, *never* listen to your doubts, etc.  When the real solution is Balance.  Think things thru, but don't obsess about them.  Listen to your instincts, but examine their assumptions.  Listen to your doubts, but don't let them paralyze you.  So read Pressfield's little bits of wisdom if they motivate you, but don't put a metaphorical icepick through the left hemisphereof your brain as he suggests.    Now, I'm no movie-adapted novelist, and I don't have the key to success.  But one thing I do know is failure.  And it's come at least as often from the don't-think-about-it mindset that Pressfield endorses in this book as from the mindset he's trying to counteract.  Every time, the post mortem has indicated that I should've done a bit more of one or the other, not that reason or instinct itself was the enemy.  I wasn't taking full advantage of both kinds of thinking.  Which is precisely what Pressfield's book encourages.    There are some good motivating ideas to be found in this book, just like there was in War of Art.  But having to wade thru mushy-headed stuff like those bits I quoted, just to find that stuff, isn't worth the trouble.  Especially when you have Work To Do.
B00003CXCD|3.0|PARIS WHEN IT SIZZLES. . . I knew when I ordered, that this was an oldie, so I did not expect an outstanding story. I have always admired both Audrey Hepburn and Bill Holden. (What ever happened to his career.?)As expected the story was somewhat improbable, but still enjoyable if you didn't try to analyze the script.        This is another one which I will dust off after another five years. Worth keeping in the collection simply to remember what movies were like in the 60's.
B004TJ1H3C|2.0|As if SyFy needed another reason to piss off loyal viewers they decide not to release this in Bluray until they suck as mch money as possible out ot the dwindling audience they have left.  What had evolved into a good series after a weak beginning is now cut short with no real ending and to further slap fans in the face, they decide to hold out on the Bluray release.  If the Stargate franchise was so weak, why do they always end up putting reruns of SG-1 and Atlantis in practically every gap they have in their schedule.  Maybe it's time to send them a message and hold off on buying season 2 until we get it in the format we want.
B004SBX112|1.0|On the 'White Pandigital Novel' Android 2.01 based tablet/eReader this program if you can get it to install as many are uable to and the all the graphics do not display correctly.
B004MMEIK0|2.0|The book started off OK but there was a lot of repetition from the main characters. Roman wanted to be with Shanna but used the phrase \\"God's Blood\\" at least once a page if not more. Shanna, wanted to be with Roman but thought he might be crazy and then didn't wanted to be with him since he was a vampire.
B0017APQ1K|2.0|I was excited to sit down to watch this film being a lover of New York, and a history and action buff. However, I was left disapointed.    I can understand Scorsese wanting to beef up the facts with fiction, but I think that this movie completely overdoes it, to the point of it misrepresenting New York's colourful history without offering much in return.    It seems like Scorsese is trying to make a blockbuster by including everything (a love tale, revenge story, depiction of civil war and an important social uprising, racism, politics, and graphic violence/gore) to satisfy the masses.  But as a result the storyline seems weak and at times confused, losing the ability to make an intelligent commentary on any one of these, and which drowns out the main plot.    With such a large budget, they obviously wanted to pull in as many box office sales as possible, and I wonder to what degree did the publicised disputes between Scorsese and the production company result in the film losing what could have been an artful cinema script - not withstanding the great 1850s set and the compelling acting of Daniel Day Lewis.    I also think that the Butcher's dominance of the 5 points, and frequency of his violent episodes (of which were almost entirely fictional), was drawn out for far too long.  I began to get a sense that the violence and unpredictability of the Butcher was used as a key draw card to keep the audience compelled, rather than the plot itself.     The movie does however serve as a worthwhile remembrance of the difficult experience of Irish immigrants, civil war conscripts, and the underlying exploration of what is to be American.    Overall though, thumbs down.
0765350386|4.0|I enjoyed this book. The level of writing isn't anything special, but I found the game of cat-and-mouse intrigue that Sanderson sets up between his rag-tag band of thieves and rebels, and the seemingly all-powerful rulers of the Final Empire to be a lot of fun. Compared other books containing sorcery and mystical powers, the magic system here is original and well-thought-out, its metallurgy-derived logic playing into the plot with a level of detail that feels believable.  Sanderson isn't quite as morally ambiguous as George R.R. Martin is, but he blurred the line between bad guys and good guys just enough to keep me turning the pages. By the last third, I was simply sucked into the story. Also, I appreciated that Sanderson manages to keep his writing at a PG-13 level. There's certainly violence, but it never gets unnecessarily graphic or brutal.  Criticisms? A few. For one, Sanderson is one of those writers who likes to hold the reader's hand and explain things. He often does so through dialogue, which makes conversations between characters a bit ponderous. Why do all his low-born thieves, including a teenage girl, sound so formal and well-educated? Also, the characters could have used a little more definition. Most of the members of Kelsier's crew, not to mention the people on the opposing side, feel like standard \\"types\\". Even Vin and Kelsier aren't remarkably original protagonists, though they're more sympathetic and better fleshed-out than the supporting characters.  However, none of these things were significant impediments to my enjoyment of Mistborn, which has plenty of action and escapist appeal, but enough compassion and cleverness that my brain didn't hate me in the morning.  ***1/2
B004DK5CYM|5.0|This is a story, supposedly, of a horse, but it is also an important story of a courageous and determined young woman named Helen Bates Chenery Tweedy who was called Penney Chenery. Penney, it is believed, was the moving force behind Secretariat and her decisions resulted in Secretariat being the amazing horse that was born on March 30, 1970.<br /><br />I'll admit I'm a fan of Diane Lane who brings so much to this film as Penney Chenery, her face is so expressive and her acting so very convincing; it's easy to just sit back and watch the story unfold and what a story it is.<br /><br />Penney had grown up with a tradition and a love for that tradition that carried the day. The youngest of three siblings, she resists an effort to sell the 2,798 acre Meadow Farm, a thoroughbred breeding farm purchased by her father in 1932 when Penney was 10 years old; where the other children saw dollar signs, Penney saw tradition and opportunity.<br /><br />Her father, Christopher, was confined to a hospital in 1968 and remained there to his death in 1973. The decision to breed their mare, Somethingroyal, to Bold Ruler in 1969 was Penney's and the result of that decision was Secretariat.<br /><br />It seems to me that the movie does a fine job of tracking the real life story; as with any movie time constraints impose limitations on what can be told. This movie does a grand job of carrying the viewer along as Penney makes choices and exhibits the strength and determination to carry through on her choices.<br /><br />The sound and picture quality are excellent on the Blu-ray version. The sound is not as dramatic as one finds with Sea Biscuit, for example, but is nevertheless exciting in full surround with a good sub-woofer.<br /><br />I believe this movie beautifully displays the qualities and ethics that made our country what it was; if one is looking for an exciting movie which promotes an ethical morality this is it. On top of all that it is fun and exciting to watch.<br /><br />I was interested to note that Meadow Farm is now called Meadow Event Park and in 2009 became the home of the Virginia State Fair.dow Event Park and in 2009 became the home of the Virginia State Fair.
0439023513|4.0|All in all, I found Mockingjay to be a strong conclusion to a gripping YA series. While the trilogy's young heroine, Katniss Everdeen, is no longer a contestant in the Capitol's cruel bloodsport, she becomes the propaganda figurehead of an armed rebellion against President Snow. Though willing enough at first, she learns that the ruthless mindset and calculating showmanship of the Hunger Games has infected both sides in the war. If the middle book struggled somewhat to find its footing, Collins writes this one with the twisting plot and chilling brutality of the first novel. The reader soon realizes that none of the central characters are going to emerge unscathed.    Some fans seem perturbed that Collins didn't write an escapist Hollywood ending, but I'm very glad that she didn't. Katniss comes across as a real teenager, if an unusually tough one, not some heroic fantasy dragonslayer. She gets used by people above her. She makes some brave decisions and some bad ones. She cracks under the weight of it all, at the sometimes irreconcilable choice between being a fighter and compassion. This is what would probably happen to most seventeen year olds in such a position. The grim last act is a more believable one for it, and the melancholy conclusion echoes the underlying truthfulness of the Hunger Games, the powerful question that that book posed to readers: \\"how much are we already living in the world of the Games?\\" This time, Collins asks readers to think about what justice and revenge cost.    Not that I think Mockingjay doesn't have flaws. The action in the last third feels somewhat rushed. I never found the love triangle between Katniss, Peeta, and Gale that absorbing, as both boys spend the series devoted to her in similarly heroic, unrequited ways, which overpower their differences as characters. Collins' vision of future technology is all over the map, with some inventions seemingly lifted from sci-fi B-movies and others inexplicably regressed to a 1970s level.And she has a tendency towards melodramatic writing (annoyingly accentuated by an audiobook reader who overacts her lines).    Still, even if I had some issues with the details, I think Collins gives the overall story the right ending. The whole trilogy is an accomplishment of YA fiction and is well worth reading, whether you're a teen or an adult (I wouldn't automatically recommend the series for pre-adolescents, as some of the violence, while not overly graphic, is a bit shocking).
B003YCI1PM|5.0|I bought this cd when it first came out and was very happy to discover that the songs weren't childish, they were easy and enjoyable to listen too. Selena's voice is lovely, it hasn't got the tone that gets annoying that in turn would make you want to switch it off but it is fun and flirty and just enjoyable. Impressed with this new cd of hers and am very interested what her next cd will entail.
0743277708|5.0|This was one of the books that I had to read for English class as a high school freshman, but actually liked. Adams created a believable rabbit society, with its own daily matters, natural rhythms, social hierarchy, and mythology. The characters talk, but they otherwise act and think as rabbits might be expected to.     Returning to Watership Down as an adult, I found the story just as engaging, with likable protagonists, scenes of danger and battle (which had helped hold my 14 year old self's attention), and several different rabbit cultures. It's an accessible read for younger people, but it contains plenty of adult concerns. My only minor criticism is the absence of significant female characters (though, to be fair, this is a plot point), but, other than that, this 1972 novel remains as timeless as it was when I first read it.    The audiobook narrator isn't a standout, but he does a decent enough job.
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|Everything about this cd is fun and light hearted; it is fantastic for the car or just around the house because it never gets annoying since the songs are fun and awesome to dance around too. Very Happy with this cd, It isn't often you enjoy every song you are given on a cd but here is one that you will!!
B003ZSJ212|3.0|A long time ago, in a movie theater far far away, there was a film worth watching....<br />This is not it.<br /><br />Ok, everyone knows that. The video looks great (considering the cameras used) the audio is suberb, and the original films are classic. I hate the graphic design and art, but that's subjective to a degree.<br />I think it sucks to say this is complete and not give the &quot;original&quot; cuts as much respect isn't that the whole selling point of Bluray? What about the missing bonus stuff?<br /><br />I think one star is fair all things considered. Three of the movies are unwatchable (for me), three of them are very good but have unwanted changes. Bonus stuff is missing and I don't like the package or menus.<br /><br />There are plenty of 5 star reviews for this set, I frankly can't understand that given how terrible 3 of the films are. And only one film of the set comes close to what I'd call a 5 star film, but it's more like 4.5.<br /><br />SO let's see what my math says... for all the movies 2.25 stars and subtract 1.25 for the bluray bonus and packages. Actually I think I'd like to take off another star just because so many people gave this set 5 stars... but I won't.<br /><br />Also if some dude can sit at home and fix up the original films on his home computer, I'd think they could at least do that. Should I have bought the Original trilogy set? No, I'm a collector and I take the good with the bad.
0385340567|3.0|In the last Reacher book, \\"Bad Luck and Trouble\\", Reacher meets up with the remnants of his old unit. All of them had moved on into new careers. Reacher is essentially a glorified hobo who moves on from one adventure to the next, without forming any permanent attachments. One of his old comrades asks him what he's running from. As is his wont, \\"Reacher said nothing\\".    Now comes \\"Nothing to Lose\\". I can only conclude that either Lee Child had an off year and couldn't write a Reacher consistent with his previous appearances, OR Reacher is bottoming out and is in need of an intervention. The Jack Reacher in the previous novels is a taciturn hero. The one in \\"Nothing to Lose\\" is belligerent and reckless, and has probably committed some form of manslaughter against innocent people.    Does he uncover a criminal conspiracy? Yes? Does he kick ass and foil it? Yes. But what sets him off on his destructive course is his own ego. He enters Despair, Colorado, a town that is less than welcoming to outsiders, and gets the bum's rush. Reacher doesn't take this disrespect lightly, and resolves to go back to Despair. He convinces himself that something is going on there that is not on the up-and-up.    I don't want to spoil the plot, so I won't go into the things he does that are so out of line. Just bear in mind that I'm starting for fear for his sanity.    Others have criticized this book on the ground that Reacher has all of a sudden become political. I don't think this is true. Ever since the early days he's been distrustful of the government and military brass while maintaining his sympathies to the common grunt. His experiences in \\"The Enemy\\" were pretty disillusioning, and I can see the common thread.    Another observation: in my review of \\"Bad Luck and Trouble\\", I remarked on how Reacher is always \\"butting\\" stacks of paper together. Well, paper-butting fans, I'm sorry to tell you that Reacher doesn't butt any paper in this outing. No. He's started butting rocks together.Maybe in the next book he'll butt scissors together for the trifecta.
0425241505|5.0|I had never heard of this author before. I came across her name in Amazon's paranormal romance forum. She was getting some buzz as a good new PNR author. I'm thrilled that I found her! I've read all of the major PNR series and many of the minor ones, and I struggle to find new great books to read in the genre. So many of the ones I've tried lately have just been good/ok, but not this one--it was great! I enjoyed it as much as I do books from some of my other fav PNR authors -- Frost, Singh, Ione, etc.<br /><br />The series reminds me a lot in style to Ione's Demonica series--mix of action, adventure, suspense and very good romance; great character development; hot alpha, possessive hero; strong female lead; and good dialogue. I really liked the lead characters and supporting cast. The range character types was cool too--dragon shifters, gryphons, thunderbirds, Fae, elves, and more.<br /><br />I can't wait to read the next one in the series (Trick's book) [[ASIN:0425242668 Storm's Heart (A Novel of the Elder Races)]], which will be out in August. Then the third book will be out this October (Rune's book).
B001UV4XHY|4.0|The movie was very good.  But I wish the DVD had all the feature that the Blu-Ray did.  I don't have the money for a Blu-Ray player and would like to enjoy all the special features as well.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|I truly love this movie.  The times were so simple and people were so good.  Too bad our world has gotten itself into such a mess with nobody having respect for anything.
B000087F6M|4.0|This video arrived in a very timely manner.  I enjoyed watching it very much, of course I do like Redford, Winger & Hannah very much.    I would consider this a drama/comedy and the actors all play their parts very, very well.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This is one of the greatest films I've ever seen.  Will be spending time with loved ones today and watching on sons big screen.
B001UV4XI8|5.0|Hello there, I bought this product and I only wanted to say that is amazing, like all the others Harry Potter`s film, right? The movie is quite good, I look forward to the second part. :)
B003EI2EH2|1.0|I get that this guy wants to break the mold and be shocking and all, but this book is totally bogus.  Some of the diet guidelines he promotes are downright dangerous.  You should NOT restrict yourself so much to an unnatural eating pattern that you have to binge one day a week.  There's nothing healthy about that.  You should not have to pump yourself full of supplements, no matter what nebulous \\"research\\" data he throws at you.  Like any extreme diet, I'm sure you could probably lose weight fast at first but this is NOT a sustainable lifestyle, and just because he wants to bunk everything \\"conventional\\" doesn't mean that extremism is the answer.  The sex portion?  If you want to just hear about how many women this egomaniac turned on in his lifetime, then cool.  You'll love that section.  In fact, pretty much this whole book is shameless self-worship of a guy who weighs his own excrement.  And considering how many other reviewers got this book for free after buying his first book, I\\"m a little concerned that there isn't more shameless self-promotion driving these four-and-five star reviews. Pass on this one.  There are many excellent books out there that will help you adopt a healthy eating and exercise pattern into your lifestyle.  Unless you really love the idea of sitting in an ice bath, go check out something else.
B004HWYTP4|5.0|One of those movies that are great for when you just want to sit back and enjoy a wild ride. Enjoyed it to the very end.
B004QO9ZVG|5.0|This is the first KW thriller, an icon of Nordic gloom, in 10 years. Apart from sleeping and dreaming badly, he suffers from invasions of youth and childhood memories, sudden memory black-outs and a mild form of diabetes, which he neglects.    On the plus side, KW has sold his flat in Ystad full of ugly memories of his marriage with Mona. He has bought an isolated house with a remote view of the sea. And maintains contact with daughter Linda, a policewoman on leave who recently made him a granddad. On the downside, KW realizes he has never been a warm friend or colleague, and begins to fret about a lonely retirement. When he looks in the mirror at 60, he sees death approaching...  But despite everything, KW is on high alert to cope with the disappearance of Hakan (75), an aristocratic retired naval commander, who is also the father-in-law to be of Linda, and starts discreet inquiries. When Hakan's wife also disappears, matters become really complicated.  This novel deals with murder, old politics and decades of espionage. The murder is recent, the espionage may go back to the 1960s or 1980s, who knows? And on whose behalf in neutral Sweden, the Soviets or the USA?  This sprawling, riveting and beautifully-paced novel deals with KW's confrontations with the past. His mind is invaded daily by dreams and early memories. This deep and rich novel is full of gloom and clues that foreshadow the death of a memorable fictional hero, whose acute probing and searches kept this reader (60) enthralled until the final page. A truly great send-off.
1402217722|4.0|This was my first Georgette Heyer book, and for a romance novel I was pleasantly surprised.  She was clearly an expert about the historical period and wove fascinating details about 18th century culture throughout the story.  The dialogue was cute and had me laughing out loud.  The plot was a bit predictable, but who wants to read a romance novel where the heroine doesn't get the handsome hero in the end?
B004NH8SJG|5.0|I received the book before the estimated date. Can't wait to start reading it!!<br />Good as new.  Thanks, Cynthia
B00003CX96|1.0|Great movie. Unfortunately the DVD I purchased through Amazon did not have any red colour so the colours were sort of grey, yellow and blue.
0618680004|3.0|I like Richard Dawkins book, but the fact that it states that we just appeared out of nothing has got me wondering why I was an atheist. I realized after reading this book my views leaned more towards Agnostic. Being an Atheist made me feel like I was being a little narrow minded and biased against others view.
B000066C6Z|2.0|\\"Top Secret's\\" directing team made this movie after first creating \\"Airplane.\\" Not hard to realize that since \\"Airplane\\" became a classic still shown today, and \\"Top Secret\\" was forgotten long ago, that \\"Top Secret\\" doesn't measure up. The star (Val Kilmer) plays an Elvis Presley role in this movie, and the rest of the roles and star names are so forgettable that I've already forgotten what and who they were. The 'good news' about this film is that it is only 90 minutes long.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|There isn't much that I need to cover that J. Bongiorno didn't already go over in his fine assesment, but I just wanted to throw my two sense in for this absolute joke of a release:     For the price and the amount of time we have waited, the HD transfers better be stellar, because this $100 set doesn't offer a single noteworthy thing for a consumer to shell out so much moeny, other than a few 1 or 2 minute deleted scenes that aren't even cut into the flicks.    Why Lucasfilm refuses to listen to the fans who desire the original versions of Episodes 4-6 is beyond me. It's going to piss a lot of people off, and if they think they won't lose much money in the decision they are wrong, because I can tell you now that they won't be getting $100 out of my wallet!     Clearly I'm not alone here.     They don't even have to be on seperate discs, just make them flipper discs or on the same individual discs. Lord knows there is enough room on this set with the lack of documentaries and other content!     My other gripe isn't really a fair assesment, but it is more a personal opinion. I don't feel like the preguels are worth anywhere near the price of the original trilogy, so the set is a rip-off on that side of the coin as well, but like I said, that is just personal opinion and I don't expect everyone to agree.    Hopefully there will be some surprises we haven't seen yet, but my guess is this is a release that is planned to hold over die hard fans until the next big \\"Ultimate\\" set release. Knowing the fine folks at Lucasfilm they will bring the next set out to coinside with another film (or 3) and get our money again with their 15th double dip of these films.     I do love the originals, so I will drop $30-$40 on those.
B003X645YA|2.0|I appreciate what Brian Wilson is trying to do with this album. But it just does not work for me.    I purchased it and listened to it several times. Sorry to say, not one of his best efforts.
B001UV4XHY|3.0|I've seen all the Harry Potter films, and enjoyed them all, but this one was a bit disappointing.  I felt it was written more for people who had read the book, that a lot was left unexplained.  I watched it intently, but was often left feeling a little confused.  Too much of the film was Harry, Hermione, and Ron in the woods, with too little interaction with other characters.  Maybe the plot would have moved more quickly and been more exciting if they had made one movie, instead of two.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This is the first alarm that effectively wakes me up every time. I have had a problem with sleeping through alarms for a while and this app us my solution!!!!!!!!
B004X4QW42|5.0|The writer's are precise in their name reference to the western devil. Art imitating life. Great job writers, directors, producers and crew. Bravo!
B000001A5X|5.0|Marvin Gaye was a Motown icon from the 60's who was best known for his song \\"Heard it Through the Grape Vine\\" as well as duets with singers such as Tammi Terrell. But in 1971 Gaye recorded an LP that was not only ground breaking it was miles away from the patented Motown formula that had made the label famous as well as wealthy.  The album took on many of the prickly social issues of the day such as poverty, crime, unemployment, the environment and the most polarizing one of the time; the war in Vietnam. The album was recorded with each track segueing from one to the next making it an album best enjoyed as a whole. Although it spawned some all-time classics (What's Goin' On?, Inner City Blues, and Mercy Mercy Me [The Ecology]) it also features other beautiful songs like Wholly Holy and Right On (Santana recorded a great cover of this in 1991 that is worth checking out). Despite it's short running length (just under 36 minutes) it remains a monumental landmark album for not only soul or R&B but popular music in general. It routinely appears on Top 100 \\"Greatest\\" album lists (even rock for which I never understand why R&B and jazz are included on such lists) and deservedly so because it's an incredible piece of music which eclipses anything that is considered R&B or popular music today. It comes from a time where an artist like Marvin Gaye fought to record an album that he knew would change music despite the resistance he encountered along the way. It remains a \\"must have\\" for any and all music lovers.
0307463745|5.0|An excellent book for entrepreneurs, and a 'mirror test' (to borrow a phrase from Jeff Hayzlett) for how you're doing with/in your current company and career.  While you may not agree with every statement from the authors, there's a very practical \\"ohhhh...yeah...\\" to most.  It's a quick read, and deserves to be read twice.
B00005AREQ|5.0|Jeff Beck is a talented guitarist who has been in the business since the 60's. He gained fame with the Yardbirds before leaving to start the Jeff Beck Group which featured a young Rod Stewart. The album \\"Truth\\" is considered a landmark late 60's power-blues record that rivals Led Zeppelin's debut album on some levels. But, Beck's career has been a hallmark of flash over substance with one notable exception; \\"Blow by Blow\\". Under George Martin's production guidance Beck keeps things tight and nothing gets out of hand or overblown like on most of his records. Despite being 35 years old, this record (especially the 2001 remastered version) is still highly listenable. The keyboard player is Max Middleton and his electric piano runs are featured almost as prominently as Beck's guitar and that surely helps to create a balanced sound as compared to many of the over-indulgent guitar domination found on the majority of his work. This is a jazz-rock fusion record from the mid-70's and has a feel shared but other fusion artist of the time (Weather Report for example) but this is highly enjoyable stuff. Beck's guitar work is excellent and each track flows right to the next one (literally).<br />If you only own one Jeff Beck, jazz-rock, instrumental record; this is the best by far.
B0047Y0FGY|4.0|After reading this book, I know that (if it weren't so creepy and stalkerish) I would want to be Tina Fey's best friend. Her odd-duck teenage years? I relate to that! Her progressive liberalism incongruously combined with decidedly old-fashioned conservative views? I relate to that! A passion for all things related to strengthening the rights of females? I relate to that! Extreme practicality? That, too!<br /><br />The glimpses into the world of network TV were nifty. The cover freaks me out a little.<br /><br />The end.
B001R4MEUM|4.0|\\"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\" was the last Peter Gabriel fronted Genesis record. While I believe that \\"Selling England\\" is their most consistent album; this one is surely the most ambitious. A double LP release which is also a \\"concept\\" album; it features some of the best work that Genesis ever recorded (title song, In the Cage, Back in N.Y.C., Counting Out Time, Carpet Crawlers, Lilywhite Lilith, and The Colony of Slippermen). But, like most double albums they are sometimes too ambitious and it's a struggle to put out two records of equally consistent music. Not even The White Album, The Wall, or Quadrophenia are immune to the inclusion of some weaker material. Like \\"Lamb\\" those other albums emptied the creative tank for the artists involved and fosters a \\"where do we go from here?\\" frame of mind. In many cases (like this one and The Wall) the response is that they cease to exist as the band that recorded the album.<br />After Gabriel left the band they slowly moved away from the progressive rock sound to a more radio friendly type of music. While some of that music is still good I think the Genesis pinnacle was 1972 to 1974 (starting with Foxtrot and ending with Lamb) and this happens to coincide with the hey-day of progressive music in general (along with Yes, Pink Floyd, ELP, Jethro Tull, etc).<br />If you are into progressive rock, concept albums, classic 70's rock or Genesis as a band; The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway is an essential addition to your collection. The 2008 Re-mastered disc features a full and excellent sound upgrade from anything else up to this point. Disc one is definitely the strongest of the two and overall it's guilty of having some filler on side two but the strong tracks are as good as anything recorded by the band. But, at 94 minutes it can be a little self-indulgent in places and you might need to resist forwarding to the next track. So, while I cannot consider it a 5-star because there are some moments that do not match up to the best; it's a 4.5 and definitely worth owning.a 4.5 and definitely worth owning.
B004I4H8PO|1.0|Got mine today, and yes there was damage. The 3D pop up was ripped, and 3 disks were out of the pockets, all 3 had scratches, one real bad. The 2 that stayed in the pockets were ok. One folded ticket, the book cover has mars.<br /><br />Does anyone know how to contact Universal directly? I looked through their web site, and there is no way to contact any type of customer service.<br /><br />The music great, of course.<br /><br />However, the DTS layer on the DVD is only 48/16. How lame! They couldn't do it in 96/24? LAME! You can defintely hear the difference!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Oh My Gosh!!  This book was totally amazing!  I loved it so much, and have read several books after this one, and still can't stop thinking about Hunger Games!  Wow!!
B004K4IZ54|5.0|I'm not going to write about the movie itself, but simple put it along with the original Tron are unique action / sci-fi films that I liked very much.  DVD comes in handy for my in-car DVD entertainment. The blu-ray 2D quality is sharp and clean, and the sound give that spatial feel with distant booms. This despite that the encoding is in DTS-HD 7.1 but my receiver converts to 5.1.  I will review the 3D disc once I get a my 3D TV.    The featurettes on DVD covers the upcoming Tron Uprising cartoon on Disney XD cable channel, as well as casting.  The blu-ray has more.  One piece in particular that I loved is the back story: \\"Tron: Flynn Lives\\" is an awesome filler from the time Kevin Flynn disappeared, to a bit after the Tron Legacy movie ends, giving hints to the next Tron movie!    The digital copy disc can install one for iTunes or Microsoft Media player.
B001GAOY5U|4.0|it came in promptly without a hitch. works fine and everything. only gets a four star cuz i dont wanna rate a movie perfect cuz you might not like the movie itself
B003UESJH4|5.0|An amazing opportunity to see strength and will power conquer all.  As a teacher it was right up my alley for a taste of English history as well as insight toward how a public figure overcame difficulties of his own so he could lead his country in a time of trial.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Excellent for Analyzing signal strength. I use it professionally and it helps me every day! My clients are very happy when I can get them a better signal!
B0036S4C6G|1.0|I am an avid reader and a lover of all books...except for this one. It is under developed, boring, pointless, and painful at times, because it is so poorly written. Anybody who lies and praises this book just wants to seem enlightened and intelligent. Do not trust them; find a different book!
B00024I0OC|5.0|If you have this CD (and the other cd's of the original COLOSSEUM band that predate the LIVE album)  and are anxiously awaiting the July 5th release of the GRASS IS GREENER cd.....I have great news!!!<br /><br />Disregard the previews description of the GRASS contents that claims MOST of the tracks are not available on the other CD's.......<br /><br />REALITY: ALL of the songs tracks on that selection are already on this 2CD set....<br /><br />So save your hard earned Money.....Unless you are a completist and just want the cover art.
B0042RUMH8|2.0|Jennifer Lopez's career has been one that has spanned both the music and acting world.  Lopez is a veteran in the urban/pop genre at this point. With numerous multi-platinum certified albums, it is no shock that at this stage in her illustrious career that J Lo (1) has nothing to prove to her audience and (2) is  past her peak. 2007's [[ASIN:B000V9KE4C Brave]], Lopez's last effort was a commercial bomb, yielding only one minor hit of note, \\"Do It Well.\\" With her recent hire in Paula's judging spot on American Idol, Lopez's career has been somewhat revitalized, opening the door for Lopez's 2011 Island records release, [[ASIN:B0042RUMH8 LOVE?]].  LOVE ? is an album that is too focused on trends and gimmickry, trying to play \\"copycat\\" of the latest \\"it\\" artists.  Throughout the effort, one feels that the singer who once oozed with personality comes off as rather dull and boring. Furthermore, the material lacks distinction and true 'vigor.' Good for a couple of standouts only, LOVE ? comes off as a generic pop album as opposed to a truly captivating addition to a veteran's discography.<br /><br />The album opens with promo single \\"On The Floor\\" which features Latin rapper Pitbull as collaborator.  Produced by Lady Gaga producer Redone, alongside Chris O'Ryan & Trevor Muzzy, it is easily the album's premiere moment.  Vocally, Lopez evokes her most personality laden performance, though she is by no means a prodigiously talented vocalist.  Pitbull is the perfect match for Lopez, with some great one-liners: \\"I'm like inception, I play with your brain...\\" or \\"now p-p-pump it up, back it up like a Tonka truck.\\" \\"Good Hit\\" is produced by R&B production standout team Terius \\"The Dream\\" Nash and Christopher \\"Tricky\\" Stewart.  The songwriting is underwhelming (the title should be enough to express this), though the production somewhat atones. Overall, the cut does nothing to put on a persona for J Lo. \\"I'm Into You\\" features solid production work from Swedish production team Stargate and is a better song than the outgoing \\"Good Hit.\\" While Lil Wayne's verse lifts the cut to some extent, it isn't his best rap performance by any means. That said, the thinness of Lopez's voice does permeate strongly in this airy cut.<br /><br />\\"(What Is) Love?\\" features a sound stomping 4/4 beat produced by D'Mile. As with so much of LOVE ?, while this cut has a smidgen of fun, there is no lasting fun after a couple of spins. Given J Lo's marriage to Mark Antony, the overall theme of being single within this cut seems ludicrous, accentuated by some ultra corny and schmaltzy songwriting: \\"I've been alone for the past three years on Valentine's Day, Christmas is no exception, Birthdays with naughty presents...\\" or better yet \\"I've had blind dates, hooked up with some real flakes, I've gone out with church boys, musicians are the worst...\\" \\"Run the World\\" is a \\"B\\" cut at best, though to The-Dream and Tricky's credit, this is a more focused production than the ridiculous \\"Good Hit.\\" \\"Papi\\" brings Redone behind the production boards once more for another corny, 'so what?' cut. The positives? The production has a great dance-pop sound and J Lo exhibits here Latin roots proudly, as she should.<br /><br />\\"Until it Beats No More\\" is a cut one might more associate with say Jennifer Hudson or Leona Lewis (adult contemporary R&B), but Jennifer does it justice; it proves to be just a shade less enjoyable than the very best.  \\"One Love\\" and \\"Invading My Mind\\" both lack 'star power' while \\"Villain\\" may well be the best contribution of The-Dream and Tricky. \\"Starting Over\\" is another adult contemporary turn from the starlet (less successful than \\"Until it Beats No More\\") while \\"Hypnotico\\" closes the album less exceptionally than it began with the rousing \\"On the Floor.\\"<br /><br />Overall, LOVE ? falls flat.  While it is a smart career move for Jennifer to release a new effort, there is nothing nearly as relevant or noteworthy as say \\"Jenny From the Block.\\" What LOVE ? doesdo is provide a guilty listening pleasure.  The problem? It only lasts the duration of a couple of listens.ening pleasure.  The problem? It only lasts the duration of a couple of listens.
B004UID2LC|5.0|Works great. Just what I have been looking for! Great job. Love the ability to download my favorite songs as Mp3s.  Thank You for this app
B0019IB26I|5.0|First saw/heard him with the best, Eric Clapton, in earlier DVD out of Chicago. Still wet-behind-the-ears, he was GOOD and unpolished.  So love this classic, especially Disc Two -- with great side-men.  Makes for good road, along with road (traveling) music too.  An upper all the way.
B004132HZS|5.0|Sherlock fans rejoice; this offering is without a doubt, a worthy moderization! Run, do not walk, to see these, and hope that they continue to make more!
B004X80HEE|5.0|Even though the subject matter may repel some, as the film begins, \\"From Begining to end\\" immediately immerses the viewer into the family life of brothers Thomas and Francisco. This Brazilian import is fearless and daring in many ways as its touches on some very taboo subject matters. It slowly creeps up to you, but once this drama sees the boys as grown men, it takes a very nostalgic mood. There is a very haunting aspect to this film that will leave you lulled and wanting more. There is also a certain amount of sadness eminent from the fantastic performances from Rafael Cardoso and João Gabriel Vasconcellos. Both these men light up the screen, and their chemistry was incendiary with a very fierce dynamic relationship that takes twists and turns in many directions but ultimately leaves you yearning for what was once between them. The film is pretty much about life changes and how some of the best times are hard to let go as mere memories. Both brothers, in their own way, must deal with life's changes and its unexpectedness. Very poetic and always eloquent in its storytelling, dealing with such difficult subject matter was flawlessly handled sensitively in the very capable hands of Aluisio Abranches. Brazil should be proud to have this film. It represents very well the beautiful people of Brazil, their culture and it give you great insight of a culture that is filled with traditions as well as strong family and community ties.    As the movie beautifully unfolds, we explore and observe a relationships and how difficult it can be to let go of the tie that binds
B004L79VUI|5.0|With this new album of terrific depth and quality, Robbie maintains his reputation as one of the most talented artists of our time. There is only one other artist in the world that I anticpate a new album as much as RR and that is Al Stewart (who I consider the most talented contemporary songwriter since the Lennon/McCartney era. If you like the 4 prevoius solo albums since The Band days, you will not be disappointed. I don't need to go through all the songs they are all great, with Eric Clapton making a great contribution without taking over.
0811876373|5.0|Saw this book at the library and knew i had to have it.. The price was good  and the delivery was was exactly what they quoted. Book was in excellent condition. would definetly purchase from them again.
0670022411|5.0|I can only hope their will be a sequel, it screams for one.  It was a wonderful read and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Thank you
0525423273|4.0|Anna and the French Kiss by Stephanie Perkins<br />Dutton Books, 2010<br />372 pages<br />YA; Contemporary<br />3.5/5 stars<br /><br />Source: Library<br /><br />Some Spoilers!<br /><br />I was really excited about this book after seeing near unanimous acclaim for it around the blogosphere.  And I loved the writing and Anna's voice (for the most part).<br /><br />Anna's father (a Nicholas Sparks kind of writer) decides that she should be more exposed to culture so he sends her to a boarding school in Paris instead of allowing her to finish her senior year in Atlanta.  Obviously Anna is upset but she quickly becomes part of a group of friends with Meredith, Rashmi, Josh, and, most importantly to her, Etienne St. Clair.  Unfortunately for her romantic hopes, St. Clair already has a girlfriend, the already graduated Ellie.  Meredith also has a crush on St. Clair, which she confesses to Anna early on (that's important).<br /><br />As I said, I really loved the writing.  Perkins immersed me in Paris and did a fantastic job covering the passage of time as almost a whole school year passes over the course of the book.  Anna loves the cinema and her interest in films mimics my own so that made me happy.  The characters were well-differentiated with their own personalities and interests.  They seemed like pretty typical teenagers.<br /><br />But. (You knew there was a but coming, didn't you?) But the majority of the book is about Anna's crush on St. Clair, a guy who is in a relationship since before she knew him even if he FINALLY manages to break it off. I know St. Clair is supposed to be so great but I had many problems with him:<br /><br />A. I do not get French names; is Etienne like John or Matthew here in the US because I cannot imagine how it's supposed to be pronounced and it just seems weird which meant that I thought of him as St. Clair which makes me think of St. John in Jane Eyre, not a good comparison. (I know, I know, hegemonic American but I can only speak from my own experiences)<br />B. He's short, which is mentioned many times.  His exact height isn't given, which might have been helpful for me because I kept picturing him as my height, which no. Not attractive to me.<br />C. He seems to have had a crush on Anna the whole time without having the guts to break up with Ellie.  I know he's going through a hard time, way harder than anything I've had to deal with, but it's just not the way a gentleman should act.<br />D. He confesses his interest in Anna while drunk and still officially the boyfriend to Ellie; he sleeps (platonically) in the same bed as Anna for three nights; and then later makes out with Anna (and while she's also culpable, I think he is more so). Not cool, St. Clair!<br /><br />I'm not asking for a perfect person; that would be boring. His good traits are good; he's friendly to most people, loves history, adores his mother, and is loyal to people he's not dating. But I was not down with his behavior to Meredith, Ellie, or Anna.<br /><br />Especially because of the way Anna acts and reacts.  She spends so much time confused by Etienne thus leading to making some spectacularly stupid decisions such as dirty dancing with him while drunk and sort-of dating a loser fellow student.  She's whiny and while she starts the book basically afraid of Paris, she ends being too good for America.  She does the same thing to Meredith that her American friend did to her (although I would argue that Anna is slightly worse) and it takes her forever to realize that.  By the end, I didn't even really like her though I still enjoyed her narration and descriptions.<br /><br />Warning: Drinking (technically not underage since they're in France); swearing (especially toward the end)<br /><br />I know I spent more time listing what I didn't like than what I did like but I really did enjoy reading this book; I'm cautiously optimistic for Lola and the Boy Next Door even as I question Perkins' judgment in naming her main charactersLola and Cricket.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|This is disappointing. It looks like they are going to keep the 2004 video format, not offer in depth interviews, and have not added a whole host of features on the many previous releases that are currently available in DVD format.  So, what does this truly mean...?  This set is your first chance to buy Star Wars in Bluray, but not in the best HD format...  but better than before. That way they can release a better version later with a better video format and with the features they should have included with this set.  Like they did in numerous VHS and then DVD sets.  Because people will buy them over and over again.       So, in the best of capitalistic greed, they are offering this first Bluray set up. So you can buy a better one later. Fortunately, my current ST DVD set does play at a slightly higher resolution on the Bluray player.  Yes, there is most likely a difference but for the money, its not worth it for me to spend for the upgrade.  BUT... if you have plenty of money to burn and don't mind spending for an upgrade down the road, you should buy this set. Because down the road you will have the opportunity to yet again, buy this set. And again after that if they keep doing what they have in the past, plenty of opportunities to keep upgrading to newer sets.      Its a shame with all the resources and time, Lucas decided to take this route with Bluray.  Got to hand it to him, he knows how to make money.
0802714544|5.0|The Spy Who Came In From the Cold by John le Carre<br />Coward-McCann, Inc, 1963<br />256 pages<br />Thriller; Spy novel<br />4.5/5 stars<br /><br />Source: Library<br /><br />I'd always heard about John le Carre's spy novels but I had never read one so I picked up what is probably his most famous to give it a try.<br /><br />This book is set in about 1962/63, sometime after the construction of the Berlin Wall when tensions between Great Britain and East Germany are high. Leamas is in charge of a West Berlin spy division but all of his agents are being killed by East Germans under the direction of Mundt.  He returns to England where a plot is hatched to make it appear as if he is disgraced so that he can seem to defect and implicate Mundt as a British agent.  A complication arises when he becomes involved with Liz Gold, a British Communist Party member, but the plot seems to be working.<br /><br />I was so caught up in this story!  I kept trying to figure out what would happen next and what the ultimate outcome would be (I was not even close) as the layers of intrigue and betrayal unraveled.  The ending was completely unexpected to me and while not what I wanted, entirely fitting with the story.  I'm used to the more glamorous pictures of spying such as in James Bond but this is altogether different.  It's dirty, often crude, and certainly unglamorous.  As presented, there are no clear-cut \\"good\\" and \\"bad\\" guys in the Cold War battle as both the British and the East Germans use the same methods and motivations without the guidance of morals.<br /><br />Leamas is painted as largely fed up with the spy game as bloody and cruel; he claims no specific ideology, whether to Communism or capitalism or something else.  It's just what he has to do and what has to be done.  Liz is a sweet girl, loyal to Leamas, but baffled by spying and the dark side that the public doesn't usually hear about.  Mundt is a great villain; he became a Communist because they were the ones in power but as a former Nazi, his main belief seems to be antisemitism.  He is cold and ruthless.<br /><br />Overall: An intriguing look at Cold War tensions and spying.semitism.  He is cold and ruthless.    Overall: An intriguing look at Cold War tensions and spying.
0385523912|5.0|I stumbled upon this book after reading \\"the New Korea\\" wanting to do a 'deeper dive' on the people of the north. What I found were amazing testimonies of the lives of 'ordinary' citizens from the city of Chongjin who had ultimately defected to the south enduring hell in the process. The collective narrative gave me deep insight into the dark nation that is North Korea and when I say dark - I mean it very literally. Imagine if you will a thriving industrial nation, which was once expected to be more prosperous than South Korea, suddenly losing all access to its imported natural resources throwing the nation into the stone ages practically overnight. North Korea, a once proud nation trusting in its dear leader(s), found its citizens dealing with a famine akin to what we hear about many African nations. Without any choice some got by using ingenuity to cook whatever scraps they could find. Others peddled and bartered goods at what would become North Korea's largest black market where one can find a variety of Chinese goods and even bootleg DVDs of American movies.    As an American of Korean origin, I found Barbara Demick's treatise of her subjects compelling and shocking at the same time. She has truly opened my eyes and I look forward to learning more. Thank you Barbara.    PS - It always makes my day to know that people find these reviews helpful. So, please vote (The \\"Was this review helpful to you: Yes or No\\" buttons) and leave a comment if you'd like, even if it's just to say, Hi!\\") When you leave a comment, I can go to your reviews and pay you the same courtesy.
B004ZP37ZQ|1.0|I'm extremely salty that I purchased the episode but could not stream it due to a poor internet connection. Instead, I downloaded Amazon Unbox Video and then downloaded my purchased item. WELL, guess what...It took hours to download and THEN I go to play it AND IT WAS ONLY AUDIO, NO VISUAL! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Amazon, whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?<br /><br />I am extremely displeased.
