0143036556|5.0|Human history is full of tantalizing riddles.  Some of the most fascinating of these arise from the appearance of ancient ruins in unlikely places, such as Easter Island, or the dense jungles of the Yucatan Peninsula.  To the uninitiated, these ruins are the ghosts of phantom civilizations whose disappearance is a mystery to our 21st Century minds.  But like geologists reading Earth's history in the rocks, archaeologists can often read the history of past civilizations by studying the records of these ruins.<br /><br />In Collapse, author Jared Diamond brings an inquisitive mind and a varied and distinguised career as a student of humanity to bear on some often-alarming questions about the mysterious disappearances of past cultures and societies.  And he asks a disturbing question that often goes ignored in our modern, 21st Century World: If advanced cultures in the past have disappeared--sometimes almost without at trace--can this mysterious past be part of our own future?  In this fascinating and highly informative book, Diamond offers some alarming lessons drawn from the historical record, as well as reason to hope for the future.<br /><br />Employing a five-part analytical framework, the author studies a number of past and present civilizations, hoping to draw lessons to explain why some survived and prospered, while others withered and died.  Among the factors which seem to affect a society's chances of enduring, he points to a civilization's environmental damage to its surroundings, the impact of climate change, the rise of hostile neighbors or dislocations caused by the decline of trading partners, as well as the choices made by the society itself when confronting past crises that arise through changing circumstances, as being the most important.<br /><br />Although the infinite variety of people and circumstances makes firm conclusions beyond the reach of our limited knowledge, cultures as diverse as the Vikings and the Japanese, the Anastasi and the Australians, the Chinese and the Polynesians, have all faced similar challenges, many of which are well known to our own era. Ecological fragility, the overuse of both fixed and renewable resources, the over-extension of settlements, and the tenuous interconnections of trading networks are all problems that face 21st Century societies.  Now, as throughout history, advanced cultures often export the depletion of their own resources to those of underdeveloped societies that are desperate for cash; and the effect of leaders who come to view their own interests as synonymous with those of their societies--and who therefore make decisions that sacrifice the interests of their people for their own--are hardly confined to ancient civilizations.<br /><br />But the author gives us reason to hope, as well as cause for concern.  Not all societies collapse: some are able to confront and overcome their problems; and others, blessed with rich abundance and a forgiving environment, are able to skirt disaster through dumb luck or good fortune.  Throughout the book, the author presents the reader with an interesting blend of history and theory, and his readable and accessible prose enlightens and challenges the reader.  This book is not for those made uncomfortable by thinking about the challenges that may lie ahead; but for readers interested in expanding their knowledge of the past, and thinking about the kind of world we may be leaving to our children, its central message is one of cautious hope, tempered with the reality that in this world, all things are transitory...and that even the mightiest civilizations are not immune from the consequences of their own folly.e Polynesians, have all faced similar challenges, many of which are well known to our own era. Ecological fragility, the overuse of both fixed and renewable resources, the over-extension of settlements, and the tenuous interconnections of trading networks are all problems that face 21st Century societies.  Now, as throughout history, advanced cultures often export the depletion of their own resources to those of underdeveloped societies that are desperate for cash; and the effect of leaders who come to view their own interests as synonymous with those of their societies--and who therefore make decisions that sacrifice the interests of their people for their own--are hardly confined to ancient civilizations.    But the author gives us reason to hope, as well as cause for concern.  Not all societies collapse: some are able to confront and overcome their problems; and others, blessed with rich abundance and a forgiving environment, are able to skirt disaster through dumb luck or good fortune.  Throughout the book, the author presents the reader with an interesting blend of history and theory, and his readable and accessible prose enlightens and challenges the reader.  This book is not for those made uncomfortable by thinking about the challenges that may lie ahead; but for readers interested in expanding their knowledge of the past, and thinking about the kind of world we may be leaving to our children, its central message is one of cautious hope, tempered with the reality that in this world, all things are transitory...and that even the mightiest civilizations are not immune from the consequences of their own folly.
B001CTA1S4|5.0|\\"Doubt\\", Father Brendan Flynn tells his congregation, \\"can be a bond as powerful and sustaining as certainty.\\"  So fitting that an engaging sermon on Doubt should begin a film so thoroughly based on it.  John Patrick Shanley's DOUBT is an engaging drama about what to do and where you go when you are uncertain and filled with, for lack of a better term, doubts.  He wrote and directed this film based on his Tony and Pulitzer Award-Winning play.  In one of the rich texts of the original play, Sister James asks Flynn if he always makes up little stories to accompany his messages.  He replies, \\"Yes.  What actually happens in life is beyond interpretation.  It tends to be confusing and have no clear conclusion.\\"  Shanley seems to agree.  In fact, he added the subtitle \\"A Parable\\" to DOUBT's title after it opened on Broadway.  He created his own little story to explain his reasoning and thoughts on that all-enveloping feeling of uncertainty and despair.  His play succeeded, and his film succeeds on many levels as well.     Meryl Streep plays Sister Aloysius, the principal of St. Nichol's Catholic School.  She rules with an iron fist, hissing and hitting students during sermons and interrupting classes to humiliate and punish kids.  When told by Sister James, adeptly played by Amy Adams, that \\"the students are all uniformly terrified of you\\", Streep replies wryly and nonchalantly: \\"That's how it works\\".  She is, at heart, a traditionalist, who loathes Father Flynn and everything he does and stands for.  When suggested that the school Christmas Pageant might include a secular song like \\"Frosty the Snowman\\" she rants on how the song inspires a pagan belief in magic and how it should be banned from the airwaves.  Trust me that \\"Frosty\\" is never mentioned again.  We know little of Sister Aloysius's past, other than she was married to a man who died in WWII.  Is her lasting grief the reason she's so bitter?  We never know, and it doesn't really matter.  That's why Shanley's character development is so unique.  He doesn't present us with life stories or background material.  We know who the characters are and what they're like now, and their attitudes and actions in the moment shape our perception of them.  We learn about them from their actions only, and we don't get motives or back-story.  Shanley doesn't psychoanalyze his characters; he presents them to us and leaves us to make of them what we will.  Aloysius is a true conservative, incorruptible and solid in her faith and methods...the true nun.  She will \\"do what needs to be done\\".    That's why she launches herself and Sister James into a campaign of suspicion against Flynn, who has taken a particular interest in the school's first African American student, Donald Muller.  Sister James comes to Aloysius with concerns: Flynn has summoned Muller to the rectory for a private meeting, and, after returning, Donald acted strangely and smelt of alcohol.  He's the alter boy.  Did he sneak some wine?  Or, as Aloysius is convinced, was he given some by Flynn?  After an initial confrontation with Flynn, Aloysius is convinced he is taking advantage of young Donald and his fervent denials are lies.  Sister James wants no part of it, but it's too late.  She's in it already.  And Sister Aloysius won't stop until Father Flynn is punished for his sin.  It's no matter that there is no proof whatsoever.  She has her certainty, and she's justified in all means she uses to bring him to justice.    Streep's personification of Aloysius is one of the best I've seen.  She completely submerges herself into the character, adapting mannerisms and speaking habits so unique and perfect you find yourself saying, this can't possibly be the woman I saw bouncing on mattresses, jumping with wild gesticulations into the ocean, and singing ABBA songs in the trailer for MAMMA MIA!   Well, it is.  That's the thing about Streep; she plays all of her roles with such cleverness and exclusivity that you can't possibly associate them closely with each other.  As Sister Aloysius she is a tsunami of acting, debating with Flynn with such forcefulness and convincing James with such smoothness and wit.  It's a knock she'll get an Oscar nomination for this role, and she deserves to win.    Philip Seymour Hoffman, as Flynn, can't seem to decide whether his character is in the wrong or not.  One minute he'll make Flynn's denials seem false and forced, but in some scenes, as in the last debate between him and Streep, he is so convincing his innocence is thoroughly established in our minds.  Just as we can't decide, neither can he.  In one scene his characteristics will scream \\"I'm lying!  I've sinned!  Look no further, here I am!\\" and in some other scenes he'll make you wander how you ever questioned his purity.  Maybe this was how he intended to play his character, but I found myself wishing he would, as an actor, decide whether Flynn was in the right or not and play the character that way.  Anyhow, his arguments with Streep, especially the last, shoot out sparks from the screen.      Amy Adams is wonderful in her role as Sister James, the nun who got herself into this mess and just wants out.  She came to Sister Aloysius with the purest of intentions, and now she is punished for it.  \\"I wish I could be like you,\\" she tells Aloysius.  \\"Because I can't sleep at night anymore.  Everything seems uncertain to me.\\" In early scenes she is radiant while teaching, a joy to the kids in her class and a joy for the audience to watch.  During a later scene in her classroom, she is overwhelmed by it all.  She becomes Aloysius, snapping at her students and threatening punishment.  She apologizes to the class, but by the end of the film she is transformed.  She has doubts, and she's lost her joy in teaching.  She looks up to Aloysius as something to strive to and to Flynn as a mentor, and she's torn between them.  Adams, in her early scenes, reminds one of her earlier role as Giselle in ENCHANTED, but soon shebreaks out of the mold and fleshes out her character.  Viola Davis will be nominated and will probably win Best Supporting Actress for her brief role as Donald's mother, who wants him to complete the school.  \\"It's just `till June,\\" she says.  After this school, he may even have a chance at college.  She's accepting of her son's \\"nature\\" and is fine with Flynn's relationship with her boy.  \\"He has his motives,\\" she says.  \\"Everyone has their motives, you have yours.  But do I question him, when he's kind to my boy?  Never.\\"  She's heartbreaking in her only scene, as a mother who just can't do any more.  She wants the best for her son, but when will wanting the best come to something bad?  When does it get to the point where she just doesn't care anymore?    Questions, questions.  The film is full of them, and not all of them get answered.  Many will be unsatisfied with the end of the film, but I thought it was perfect.  The final line and final revelation of the film spoke oceans to me, and it further proved Shanley's talent as a writer.  He is a decent director as well, using several inventive techniques to exploit the audience's emotions.  And yes, several emotions are exploited.  This film is an intelligent, engaging drama and you won't stop thinking until way after the credits are done rolling.  Think of how many films keep you on your toes and provoke thoughts and questions still after the film is over?  I bet that list is short.      DOUBT succeeds as a very appealing and satisfying drama.  It forces one to look deeper than the initial suspicion and the initial revelation.  The performances are top-class and the script inspired.  The messages and feelings the story provoke and poignant and affecting...thought not necessarily classified as \\"morals\\" there are many themes to the story that you would be hard pressed not to pick up.  Yes, doubt affects everyone, even the most firm.  But when does uncertainty envelop all?  How far does certainty alone carry you?  How can circumstance be enough to condemn a man or prove his innocence?  Ask yourself these questions while viewing DOUBT, but be open for your answers to change.  Don't be too certain, like Sister Aloysius.  For purity can give way to corruption, and conviction can give way to doubt.
0670019925|4.0|Retired professor of linguistics Desmond Bates is at odds with life. As his life becomes circumscribed, his wife 'Fred' short for Winnifred is undergoing a mid-life flowering. She has recently opened a highly successful, upscale design store, and has undergone a metamorphsis in her person appearance. Meanwhile, Desmond must deal with the daily indignities of one who has become hairing impaired. Desmond must cope with a society that does not view the hairing impaired with compassion. His wife and friends are frustrated with the constant need to repeat themselves at higher and higher decibel levels so he can hear them, finally in the end just opting out of trying to communicate with him. Poor Desmond struggles to deal with a variety of hearing devices. Finally his wife suggests he try a lip reading class. Lodge tells us of the struggles of the famous and deaf - Goya and Beethoven, and tells us of homophenes, the deaf persons homophones. The title of the novel is itself a homophene, a phrase that may sound like one thing and yet the person speaking means another - deaf sentence and death sentence.    But the title means more than this because the book is itself an exposition on various deaf/death sentences. Professor Bates encounters a possibly unhinged American graduate student who seeks his assistance in writing her Ph.d thesis on suicide notes. His first wife, Maisie endures the death sentence of cancer. He embarks on a powerful visit to Auschwitz on a lecture tour in Poland, encountering death sentences on a massive scale. Finally much of the novel deals with Desmond's relationship with his elderly father who is increasingly unable to care for himself.    Lodge never goes for the expected. We suspect the personal transformation of Desmond's wife may be the result of a love affair. He quickly disabuses us of this notion. Similiarly we wonder if Desmond will foolishly get enmeshed in a sexual relationship with the strange American grad student a fate to which a colleague succumbs.     If the story seems morbid it is not. There is much humor. A Christmas family dinner is brilliantly depicted. Social encounters although painful provide often hilarious results as Desmond mis-hears what others say to him. Indeed the novel ends with a birth as well as a death.
B0013FSL3E|4.0|This freaktastically over-rated film had middle aged movie critics tripping all over themselves adding it to their \\"best of 2008\\" lists. It's well done; and the first largely silent half-hour is animation art at its best. But maybe viewers who don't like sugar highs will wonder what all the fuss is about.<br /><br />I wonder.<br /><br />The sentimental \\"robots in love\\" story and the sappy conclusion made me want to evoke the spirit of Dorothy Parker, who supposedly once declared that \\"Winnie the Pooh\\" made her want to \\"fwow up.\\"
B000PC0S5K|1.0|this review is written for Christians who think Oprah is the last word..   YOu need to be very careful Where you place your FAITH >   if it's in man/ woman.. then you are being made a joke !  Sorry folks .. but you can't be a Christ follower aka Christian and believe anything written in this book. You may try and argue the point. but you know in your heart of hearts I am speaking the truth.     When we judge if it's truth or deceit we need to compare it to the only truth , God's word the Holy Bible. PLEASE , please do not be deceived !  If you pay attention to Oprah's own words.. she admits to not following God.. So if she is telling the truth, you shouldn't use her as a guide.  She says there are many ways to God.. (Christ is the ONLY way )  She referrs to the \\"universe ' What's up with that ?? LOL it's laughable.   you know it is..   Sadly if more Americans / Christians read the Holy Bible with as much interest as they read the quick fix books of lies .. just imagine how \\"truth\\"fully 'enlightened' they would be :_)    PUT DOwn the trash and read the Truth !!
B001F7MSFW|5.0|almost as good as the first! The movie it's self is full of action and the story is a good one it is a good movie.
061861169X|5.0|The first time I read this story to a class of children, I was amazed at how engaged every child was. The Polar Express, written and illustrated by Chris Van Allsburg is a story for all ages. The illustrations are beautifully crafted and each word is as beautiful as the finest piece of art. Van Allsburg immediately puts the reader in the story, because we remember the times magic has entered our lives. Children in my classes from 3-6th grade truly understand the end of the story, but every child and every adult can understand the magic that lies within this book.
B001F12J0C|5.0|This is a good deal if you like the bourne movies the price is right and the dvd are fun to watch and well made another good buy!!
031606792X|1.0|This last book was so bad that I've enjoyed reading the negative reviews more than I enjoyed the book.  I never thought the first three were great but I had fun reading them despite their flaws.    Other reviewers have pointed out the many problems with Breaking Dawn so I don't need to go over them so I'll just add that it is way too long and drawn out and I was really tired of how beautiful and perfect Bella found Edward so for Bella to find him even more beautiful and perfect after her transformation was cloying beyond belief.
B0001CNRB6|5.0|This is my favorite film with both Rock Hudson and Doris Day!  They light up the screen in this hilarious story of mistaken identity.
0307455874|5.0|this is wonderful audiobook, Barack has a great voice and delivery that made the overall experience thoroughly enjoyable.<br />This is an inspiring political biography (with human element to it!!)<br />Provides an insight into a man and a politician of collaboration - who clearly has made history!<br /><br />absolutely loved it - i actually heard the first copy from the library but then ended up buying a copy for my collection.<br />I look forward to his presidency.
B00005JLD4|5.0|Based on a true story, the film chronicles one account from Australia's ''Stolen Generation'' and the powerful yearning for freedom and family<br /><br />During a period of around 100  years, Aboriginal children were removed from their homes and placed in government institutions that had been established to train them to be domestic workers. The movie is set in the early-1930s and centers on Molly Craig (played by Everlyn Sampi), age 14, who had been taken - with a younger sister and cousin - 1,500 miles from their home in Jigalong to the Moore River Native Settlement, north of Perth. Craig led the girls in an escape and they walked back home - while being pursued by Aboriginal trackers - by following a rabbit-proof fence.<br /><br />This is an incredibly moving story.
0743454529|4.0|Picoult is a marvelous story teller with an incredible knack for pulling you over to her own prejudices on an issue. The book was a page turner. I started it late Friday night and completed it by 4:30pm on Sunday. I needed to know what would happen to Anna's court case while strongly leaning towards her right to her own body. I alternated between anger and understanding of a mother caught in the trap between the life of one daughter and the right to a normal life for the other. I was angry that the parents allowed their son to go so far over the edge without really even noticing. Yes I was totally caught up in the plot and wanted Anna to win her case.    What was irritating was Picoult's inability to speak with different voices while using this method of story telling.  Each chapter was told through the voice of a different person involved in the unfolding drama; a great technique if you can pull it off. While she threw in a few vulgarities that might be expected of a delinquent boy; she still came across as Jodie Picoult telling the story and pretending to be a boy.    Anna's lawyer, though coming across as a callous, self centered individual in the narrative, I instinctively knew was not the 'monster without feelings' that was being portrayed and waited for the time when his true character would be exposed. This was done in a very contrived manner complete with the drama of a grand mal seizure on the court room floor; and finally revealing the reason for his faithful service dog, Judge. As a reader you knew that this was coming and I wish that the author had got it out of the way to begin with. It was not an essential part of the plot, and came close to upstaging the vital parts of the story. I don't believe that every character in a book has to equally share the stage with the others. I would have liked to have spent more time exploring the son, Jesse's psyche than the lawyer's.    Having got that criticism out of the way; would I recommend this book?  Yes indeed. The subject matter that it covers is vital in today's society of shifting values and cutting edge technology. It certainly kept me reading when I had other things to do. I'm taking it to my neighbor right now.
0142412023|4.0|Picking up a book by John Green is a guaranteed treat; you know you are going to become friends with a host of teens who will make you laugh, make you think, and make you recognize yourself in them.  An Abundance of Katherines is no exception, and it's a fun ride from the first pages.<br /><br />Colin Singleton is a child prodigy who wants to make his mark in the world and prove that he really is the genius everyone's expected him to be.  To that end, he's working on a Theorem that will predict how relationships will go, and he has the experience to draw from:  Colin has dated 19 girls, all of them have dumped him, and all of them have been named Katherine.  So when Katherine #19 dumps him, Colin's best friend Hassan talks him into a road trip designed to clear Colin's head so he can focus.  What they actually find, however, is Gutstop, Tennessee, and a girl named Lindsey who is perfectly happy to remain there for the rest of her life.  After striking up a friendship with Lindsey, her mother invites the boys to stay in Gutshot and work for her for the summer.  What follows is a series of interviews, hornets, new girlfriends, a fight, and a secret hiding place as the boys learn more about themselves than they'd figured they ever would.<br /><br />Green is a terrific author who knows just how to enliven a story with humor and then bring it back to the original concept subtly.  I loved that Green didn't make all the Tennesseans seem like simple-minded hicks (being from Tennessee, this is a particular irritation of mine).  Green is obviously a very smart man, and I loved the footnotes that explained the languages used and gave fascinating details about the conversations.  My ability to imagine one boy falling for nineteen Katherines was sorely stretched, though; it was the one point of the book that kept sticking me and pulling me out of the story.  But other than that, I laughed and enjoyed this book tremendously, and I would give it a solid 4.5 stars.  Recommended for readers of all ages who love a good road trip tale.ages who love a good road trip tale.
B0017ANAZO|4.0|I am very familiar with the play, \\"The Women\\", because I played the part of Little Mary (renamed Molly in the movie) in a local production many years ago.  I was curious to see what an updated movie version would be like and I was not disappointed.  Unlike many of the other reviewers, I thoroughly enjoyed the remake.      The plot centers around Mary Haines, whose husband is having an affair with a perfume salesgirl at Saks.  Mary hears about it from a gossipy manicurist, and once the cat is out of the bag, her mother and her girlfriends are full of advice for her, some good and some not so good.  The interaction between the female characters is fast and furious and would best be appreciated by women (I can't imagine many men who would sit through this or come close to \\"getting it\\".)  There are lots of enjoyable performances, from the sweet heroine Mary, played by Meg Ryan, to the hilarious Bette Midler as a talent agent that Mary meets at a retreat.  Although the movie has a spirit of fun, it also touches on issues that are important to women, such as love, loyalty, and working/non-working moms.  Grab this DVD and invite your friends over for an afternoon or evening of fun--no men allowed!
6305558167|5.0|The lord of rings movie trilogy was good, but Peter Jackson stole the best of its ideas from Boorman's Excalibur. This one is absolutely my favorite movie of all times. Not a crowd pleaser, anyway, as much as Jackson's: the problem is, those who have no esoteric knowledge will never come to appreciate Boorman fully. The true spirit of knights on one side, the true spirit of sorcerers on the other, are both faithfully represented in Excalibur, like no other movie was able to do. None of the dialogs are superfluos, deceively simple yet hard to get... All the scenes succeed in creating the feeling of primordial era, and nature appears at its maximum dark splendour, just like the savage women impossible to tame who represent all that is wild and beautiful. Motivating the male honour and valour, which are not empty words here (what is really rare), but also the male destructivity. A timeless legend, closer to us than we can figure at first... but Wagner and Orff should give enough clue.
0743496736|2.0|This book is just too depressing.  I liked Plain Truth but this one didn't have anything happy in it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I had not listened to this record in awhile and forgot how much I love this CD, it truly stand up after all this time and the accolades it has received is well worth it.    Radiohead are special - thoughtful songwriters who play well and create an atmosphere with the best of the bands such as Pink Floyd.  They accomplish it here from the first track on.  The first six tracks rank up there with any six tracks back to back in concept, though I would probably put some Beatles and Pink Floyd sections ahead - that is not meant as a knock at all, it is a compliment. To even entertain such a statement shows how good this record is.    I now listen to this often again and hear new things I missed before that make it better.
0060531053|4.0|The advice \\"Don't worry, drink a homebrew\\" probably is given 50 times in this book, and that's a good thing.  The way the book was presented took all of the stress out of screwing up my first batch of beer.<br /><br />I think the majority of the all-grain brewing sections were less clear to me than the rest, but I live in an apartment, and have very little desire to move away from malt extract right now.<br /><br />Would recommend this book to a friend, would buy this book again, and would gladly drink a beer with the author anytime.
0425188809|5.0|The characters are likable, the pacing scary and relentless, and the finale satisfying. This is definitely Koontz in his prime. Too bad he's gone downhill since. Great book!
B00102F5WK|5.0|A detailed review of this movie might ruin the pleasure of discovering how each character makes the choice between acting morally or simply walking away and doing nothing.<br /><br />The movie elucidates legal rendition used by the United States, where suspects are taken into US custody but delivered to a third-party state. Torture by proxy is the most abhorrent form of torture, because it frees you from direct involvement in what is being done to another person.<br />Since 9/11, the CIA has reportedly launched an investigation into such cases of \\"erroneous rendition\\" where suspects were subject to rendition, confessed to crimes they didn't commit and were later found to be innocent civilians.<br /><br />The subject of rendition in this movie is a wrongfully accused Egyptian born engineer (Omar Metwally), who lives in the United States with his wife (Reese Witherspoon) and child.<br />For the first time in his life, CIA analyst Douglas Freeman (Jake Gyllenhaal) watches this torture, led by Fawal (Yiqal Naor, who gracefully played Saddam Husain in \\"House of Saddam\\"), and chooses to take a moral stand despite his boss's disapproval.  At the same time, in juxtaposition to the torture event, a young suicide bomber, under the powerful control of a terrorist group, makes his own moral choice.<br /><br />Great performances and a great story, enhanced by the presence of Meryl Streep and Yiqal Naor. Some might find the idea of a CIA member standing up to his bosses or a suicide bomber saying no to his recruiters incredible. In real life both people might not survive, but I believe that some hope still exist and the duty of the director and the movie is to propose the possibility of hope.<br /><br />Is the idea of hero who dares to change things, merely a dream?  Perhaps, but it's a grand dream!
B001GKJ2FC|3.0|I see Angelina Jolie gettin' so much press in the tabloids and I'm like, \\"She's not that hot.\\" Then I see her in a movie and I'm like, \\"Man, is she ever hot!\\" And she's even hotter in Blu Ray!<br /><br />Unfortunately, Angelina's acting in Wanted doesn't compare to her hotness. In fact, I'd take just hearing her voice in [[ASIN:B00168OINK Kung Fu Panda]] than watching Wanted again. Wanted isn't as bad as I'm probably making it sound...I enjoyed it! It was good...not great...just good. The movie made good company while I wrapped Christmas presents just before the 2008 Holiday.<br /><br />Some guy named James McAvoy acts and looks just like Shia LaBeouf. He hooks up with a cult of assassins with super-human powers (including Jolie), and he starts slow by dealing a little payback on some work acquaintances, and then enters the assassination major leagues with Jolie as his mentor.<br /><br />The whole thing is pretty predictable, with the same hokey humor that was abundant in [[ASIN:B000NTPDT6 Transformers]]. But Wanted is salvaged by awesome action sequences and cool FX.<br /><br />Wanted is a fun ride, but if you're organizing your queue, you might consider dropping this one down a few slots in favor of another.
B001NFNFIK|3.0|How did they do this?<br /><br />Imagine James Lee Burke's dry alcoholic cop Dave Robicheaux played by Tommy Lee Jones. A genius stroke of casting. Nobody else could have done this like TLJ.<br /><br />Imagine one of JLB's colourful Louisiana crime stories with Blues and Cajuns and a legacy of racism and of decadent rich families with French names and a serial killer who likes to cut up prostitutes, and in all this Dave R. who keeps forgetting that he shouldn't beat up his witnesses.<br /><br />Imagine the beautiful post Katrina rainy Louisiana countryside shot by professional camera teams.<br /><br />Imagine a marvellous soundtrack mixing Cajun music and Blues, with Buddy Guy as resident musician. (How come I see and hear him in 2 films within a few weeks? First was Shine a Light, where he was a guest of the Stones.)<br /><br />So, put all this together, and what is it that you ought to get? Yes, a great thriller full of suspense and visual as well as audio delight.<br />But what do you get? A perfect bore that fails even to try to interest you in its whodunnits and that never creates a fraction of the sense of danger that the book does, not even when the cop's daughter gets kidnapped by the serial killer. That is no mean feat.<br />How could you guys foul this up so badly with such a good hand?
0316010669|3.0|There are some relevant points in this book.  The main point that I gathered from this reading is that our unconscious does some of the thinking for us, and decisions relating to this thinking are some of the best.  However, if people were to think why they made these decisions, then they might not understand why they made the decision they made.  Some of these decisions are based on intuition and result in good choices.<br /><br />I believe this book to be the scraps left over from the Tipping Point.  This book is written along the same lines, but some of this material seems to have less of a scientific appeal for me.  I believe there are many relevant points in this book.<br /><br />This is an OK read.  I liked the Tipping Point and will see how I feel about Outliers.
B000RHKARO|5.0|This is unusual and innovative in being a blues album of original tracks specially written and focused on one subject - John Mayall's holiday in Laurel Canyon, LA. - instead of 10 different ad-hoc tracks chosen from many sources by the band.  As such it hangs together strongly as one entity, yet the tracks also have individuality that makes each one interesting.    This was the last album that Mick Taylor played before being \\"poached\\" to join the Rolling Stones, and Peter Green also featured. Both play extremely well.    A mix of upbeat and soft melancholic songs, it includes the lively single \\"2401\\", and was remastered in 2007 to match it to modern sound systems.    For me this is a \\"classic\\" album.
031606792X|5.0|I think that these books in the Twilight series are some of the best books that i have ever read, and i read alot! I couldn't get myself to put them down, though i tried, i didn't want to finish them to quickly.     Throughout the whole series, it was like i was there, with Bella. I saw what she saw, and felt what she felt. When Edward left in New Moon, it was like he had left me and not Bella. I cried after he left and felt much like Bella that there was a hole without him. I atribute this to the very talented Stephenia Meyer. She made the whole story seem so real. I felt all of the ups and downs of Bella and Edward's relationship. Even though I didn't really like Jacob Black, i was to in love with Edward Cullen. When in the end of Eclipse he left, suddenly i couldn't help but feel like crying. It was then i realized, that i had indeed liked him. It was like he was apart of me as he was of Bella. It ripped my heart out when he left. It was a bitter sweet moment. I wanted him to go and yet i wanted him to stay.     I have no favorite among the books in the series, they are all of equal importance. I loved the ending in Breaking Dawn. Everyone had gotten what they wanted. It was the perfect ending for everyone. Bella got Edward. In a way she got Jacob. All she had ever wanted was for her and Jacob to have that kind of family love. In the end, she got that. With him imprinting on her daughter, it let her off the hook. He finally loved her the way she wanted, because he was in love with her daughter. Which only made sense, i didn't see that coming, but it was genius. Since he couldn't have Bella he got the next best thing, her daughter.     Everyone is talking about the price that was paid for all of this. It was a very high price indeed. In the end, it was worth. Worth the happy ending for everyone. But the prices that Bella had payed had been what she had wanted from the beginning, so it wasn't very hard for to except this.     This was the perfect ending to a very troubled start.     I liked that it had so many other literary backgrounds. From Shakespear's Romeo and Juliet, being doomed lovers that it was certain would never work out in the end because of the differences. To Wuthering Hieghts, Bella was Cahty who caused most of the pain, because of her indecision.     Stephenie Meyer, i don't think anyone else could have done a more wonderful job than you, writing these books. You sucked me in, right form the beginning. I couldn't put the books down. As soon as i read Twilight, i immediatly had to have all the other books in the series. Even though i know that writing is for the writers own soul, to take you other places then where you were, Maybe even to make yourself known, for your own imagination, even though writers write their pieces for themselves and their own soul. I feel like this wasn't just for you. It was for people everywhere, people who feel the same way you do. Not just for your own soul but for everyone who reads this.
031606792X|2.0|Let me just say that this book had potential and it seems like the author chose to throw that right out the window when she wrote this.  I believe that Meyer spent so much time trying to make all of her readers happy, that she ended up failing miserably.  Of course, if you're a fan of Twilight, you have to read it, regardless of reviews.  I just want it known how utterly disappointed I was.    First of all, the ending was ridiculous.  I could force myself to look past the incubus/succubus thing in the middle of the book, and I could even look past Edward biting into Bella's stomach.  But, the ending battle, I could not look past.  Why would all these vampires gather to have a battle and then nothing happen?  Meyer was able to use this to make the story more interesting, but instead she made it the perfect non-violent ending, which was just annoying.  I didn't mind some of the things that other reviews on here complain about, like Bella being the perfect vampire and whatnot and even the ridiculous \\"love shield\\", since if she were normal, there would be no reason to write the story to begin with.  I didn't even mind her begging Edward for sex.  What frustrates me the most is that Meyer had so much potential to make this book riveting and she chose to ignore it.  Instead it was almost 800 pages of mushy garbage.  I felt the need to finish it, but at the same time I couldn't wait until it was over.
0545128285|3.0|The Tales of Beedle The Bard was okay, but I expected a whole lot more from Rowling.  It seems that after the popularity of the series took off between books 4 and 5 that she got lazy.  Knowing that anything with the words Harry and Potter on the cover would sell, it feels like she stopped trying.  I bought this book for completion's sake, and I'm glad I did, but I doubt I'd recommend it to any but the most ardent fans of Harry Potter.
0312370849|5.0|I did not read this book as much as I devoured it over the course of two days. The back and forth between the two voices of the novel kept me turning the pages long after my bedtime. The story was interesting, and your heart just broke for Sarah and her family.<br /><br />The book also shines a light on France's government involvement in Nazi Germany's \\"Final Solution.\\" After finishing the novel I have been compelled to find more historical information on the Rafle du Vel d'Hiv.<br /><br />Really a great book.
B0015DWLD0|5.0|beautiful insight into the struggle of thecommon people. the story pulls yuo right in. uplifting main character.
0736063684|5.0|The diagrams are great and thorough. The steps in each exercise are clear and very easy to follow. Its a great book for the beginner and for the experienced bodybuilder.
0060760273|5.0|I got this for my niece since I was planning on getting the book for her even before she came into our lives. It's a sweet & simple, classic bedtime story every child should have. Plus the stuffed bunny that comes with it is perfect. I thought it was a bit small at first, but it's actually just the right size for small children. I'd highly recommend this!
B001KOFH2G|1.0|This is NOT a review of the movie itself.  The movie is great.    I am not sure how the producers of Blu Ray expect us to continue like this.  I have owned my Blu Ray player for a little over a year now and I upgraded my firmware twice due to not being able to watch a new release movie.  I just upgraded the firmware last about a month ago.  Now, one versioni later was released mid December and I can't watch this new release.  My Sony player starts the loading process and then powers down and restarts again.
B001ED7C58|5.0|Well, when i ordered this CD I did expect it to be good since i knew the songs, but it was even better!! The poster that followed with it was really cool :D It's totally worth the money!
B00127RAJY|4.0|I purchased this DVD along with a couple of others about a month ago.  I wanted this DVD to use on those days when I oversleep or am time-crunched.  I didn't want any excuses for missing a workout.  This DVD is great because Jillian keeps your heart rate up the entire time which makes it pretty challenging.  She has two people working out with her, each giving a beginner and an advanced version of the exercise.      I was sweating more after doing this DVD for 20 minutes than I was the first time I did the Beginners Frontside DVD (which is 45 minutes), but I found that I wasn't as sore the next day as I was with the other DVD.      While I really enjoyed this workout and will continue to do it when I'm short on time or on Sundays (my rest day), I don't know if 20 minutes of working out is going to make a huge difference without doing other things and that's why I gave it four stars rather than five.
B000NA28I4|2.0|Okay, so the book was a bit derivative and you could tell it was his first. It still deserved a way better movie! To be fair, there are a few good, even excellent moments to be had here--I tip my hat to Mr. Irons for most of them, who I think really captured the spirit of Brom's character, and to the graphic designers who created Saphira for the rest--their care and love really shows through. The CGI Saphira is a thing of beauty.   The rest of the movie, however, is simply not worth your time to watch. The plot has been mangled beyond logic and almost beyond recognition after the first half hour. The supporting cast of characters have been downgraded to ridiculous 2D cutouts. For example, Saphira, who in the books is a strong-willed character of her own has been reduced to Eragon's chauffeur and attack dog rather than his partner. Similarly, the characters of arya and murtagh have been gutted. Arya has been reduced to a swooning princess from a strong female character, and murtagh's been turned into a goth. Ridiculous. The dwarf city, which paolini describes lavishly and gives a sense of grandeur and glory, becomes a dank cave. Even the whole message behind the climactic points of the story aren't safe. Eragon in the book summons up his last strength to defeat Durza to save his friends. Eragon in the movie has Saphira do a cool trick with her tail and then gets the guy, no problem. Oh wait, saphira's hurt? Uh oh!     All in all, the producers took excellent movie material and turned it into a campy movie. As campy movies go, eragon is pretty good, but come in with practically any expectations and you will be disappointed. The plot and the supporting characters and the dwarf city are pretty poor. Mr. Speelers did a good job of portraying eragon's roughhousing with his cousin and his overconfident brattiness, but not his growth as a character. Saphira looks absolutely beautiful but her character is so weak she would have been better as a set of posters. Brom was great--too bad he wasn't there for more of the movie, as it deteriorates dramatically after his exit. (The only acceptable one of the movie's embellishments on the story is Brom's dying ride on Saphira, which was in the spirit of the book if not the text.)   Final verdict: rent at movie store, be sure to warn kids or adults who have enjoyed the book to have low expectations, relax and enjoy the CGI dragon with a sense of humor and a big bowl of buttered popcorn.
B0019CSXAM|5.0|I was a little hesitant after reading some reviews that this season wasn't as funny as the first 2, but I'm glad I got it. Like the first two seasons, I watched it in a few days and laughed practically nonstop. How can you not smile with anticipation about \\"Slapsgiving\\"? Plus Neil Patrick Harris has never been funnier. Hopefully this has a long run left, it really is the best comedy on right now.
159448385X|5.0|I started reading this book on Saturday and finished it on Sunday.  The characters become very real and almost tangible.  Hosseini masterfully forms such bond between the reader and the characters.    The sad part is that such stories or versions thereof are true every day.  The ugliness and inhumanity that individuals unleash on one another in the name of God or culture is an old recurring event.  So long as we hang onto these recurring themes and would not entertain any possible change in ways of dealing with ourselves and our morals, or our enemies perceived and/or real, we will perpetually repeat these stories or versions thereof particularly when it benefits the outsiders.    This book is highly recommended for all kind of readers.  It even has real history lessons.
0440237688|4.0|I kept hearing good things about this book so I finally picked it up and read it over Christmas break.  Being a kids/young adult book, it was a fairly fast read.  Still, because of the depth created in the world of the book, I tried to slow down my reading and take it all in.    The overall plot of the book felt fairly familiar after having read other 'futuristic' or 'alternate humanity' books.  My most recent memory was to _City of Ember_ which I read earlier this year.  In both books, there's an isolated Community with rather specific rules and regulations as well as a sort of lottery process that specifies a future career for children once they reach a certain age.  Stepping beyond that plot device, the two books diverge greatly...with Ember dwelling largely on the mystery and adventure of escaping the city and Giver concentrating more on what is lost and missing in such a community (granted, Ember still contained the same theme and I thought a lot about if, but it wasn't as overt).    The writing style was easy to follow and the story line was concise and interesting.  Through the first many chapters, I grew close to the main character, Jonas, and enjoyed his perspective and his thought processes.      Once he received his assignment as the next Receiver, many new revelations came to light.  Up until he met the Giver I wasn't entirely sure of the direction the book would take.  I still wasn't entirely sure where it would go, but the message and intent became more clear.    It was interesting to me some of the things I didn't realize were missing in the book prior to meeting the Giver.  Once Jonas meets and begins his training with the Giver, he becomes more \\"awake\\" to the state of the world and more aware of his surroundings.  Naturally, his descriptions become more vivid.  Looking back at earlier sections of the novel, I wasn't aware of some of the simple adjectives that were missing from the descriptions.  I must have just chalked it up to the simple writing of a younger book...but now that I know better, I attribute it to the artful direction of a talented author using his writing style to propel his message.    I really enjoyed this book and look forward to picking up more books by Lowry.  My biggest complaint is with the ending of the book.  Don't get me wrong...I don't mind \\"sad\\" or even \\"ambiguous\\" endings.  In fact, my wife will tell you how much I love depressing stories.  What I felt was lacking from this book was more sense of closure.      I don't want to spoil the ending, but be warned that this paragraph may allude to elements, so skip it if you like.  I didn't mind not knowing the exact nature of the lights Jonas saw at the end.  I can be hopeful that they indicate a positive ending, but even if they are elements of a sad ending, that's alright.      What was missing for me was closure as to the results of his final actions.  What happened in the community?  I realize that Lowry probably didn't want to spell things out exactly because he wants to leave a sort of \\"call to action\\" for the reader.  Still, I wanted a few pages about what happened in the community...whether or not Jonas' theories were valid...even if the book ended before a resolution happened.  I wanted to know whether or not Jonas' actions were valid and justified or whether they were ineffective and futile.  I wanted to see some hope of change for the community rather than leaving it completely nebulous.    OK, now that I've added sufficient ambiguity to all those who haven't read it, I hope you'll take my call to action and go read it yourself.  It's a fairly short book with quick reading and a thoughtful message.    ****  4 stars
B0011Z8S8E|5.0|She won Grammy for an awesome song \\"Fast Car\\" from this album. Check wikipedia for the background on this song - generational poverty
0143038419|1.0|This author sounds like very immature for her age. At age 35, she is still dreaming to be loved like a princess. She is very needy, needs a full attention from everyone, particularly from her lover. Her inner voice tells her that she doesn't want to have children. I think her inner voice is right about it. How can she take of children when she needs a full attention herself. From the book I feel that she is someone who always gets what she wants in a selfish way. That book doesn't say exactly what happened to her marriage and when a marriage is over, it can't be just one person's fault but because of her personality, I almost think that her husband is mad because she is so selfish and always do everything in her way, and gets everything she wants at the end.<br /><br />I really wanted to like this book because I am on a journey to find inner peace myself. I was hoping to learn some good tips from this book. For me it was OK in Italy and India but I closed the book at the line in Indonesia \\"I go straight back to Felipe\\"s house and I don't leave his bedroom for approximately another month.\\"<br />That was it for me. She did it again. It was such a disappointment to read the line and know that she didn't learn a thing. I felt like I wasted my time reading this book this far. I hope she can prove me wrong to spend her rest of her life happily with Felipe. It sounds like a good match for her to have a much older guy.
B001KO3FFW|5.0|I was rooting for David Cook all the way on Idol (sorry Archuletta fans, including my 70+ year old mother!).  I couldn't wait, purchased the CD the week it was released, and immediately burned it to my Creative Zen.  I haven't listened to my MP3 player so much it ages.  I'm in my 40's, and it feels great to get the opportunity to \\"discover\\" such wonderful new talent.  Every song is well worth the listen, but my personal favorite is \\"Permanent,\\" which is obviously about his sick brother.  Incredible.
B001KPK6Q2|1.0|I bought it, I don't want it anymore, I thought it was good, but not
B001GQACGO|1.0|I really am a Beyonce fan, but this album totally sucked! This whole \\"cross-over\\" thing she's trying to do is only going to make her LOSE all the fans that got her to this point, if you ask me. The first album made me feel so DEPRESSED I had to go pull out my bible and read scriptures to cheer me up! Where's the R&B? Where's the soul? Where's the creativity? Where ever  it is, its not on this album. Dangerously In Love was a classic cd! This album here doesn't even come close to making the cut! I hope she never makes another album like this. If you haven't already bought the album, do yourself a favor and don't, unless you like depressing, slow, and alternative music!
B000Z8GZYW|5.0|\\"The groundhog day\\" is a smart and very original urban fable. How would you react in case every day was a simple and monotonous repetition of the previous one?<br /><br />Bill Murray is superb as the anguished and hopeless weather showman and given the options, he experiments with the unexpected reactions of every single person who surround him. Andie Mac Dowell is perfect for the role, because the expected chemistry was an undeniable fact.<br /><br />A clever and sympathetic comedy that will engage you from start to finish.
0375842209|5.0|I have read more than 30 books last year and I have to say The Book Thief was an amazing surprise. In fact the book left around my bed for about 6 months. My wife received it from a fried from Brazil during their visit last July but never started to read it. Few days before the end of the year I decided to give it a chance. I have to say I could not stop to read it to the end and, since than it stills in my mind.    This is a very creative story, easily readable and totally enjoyable, no matter the age of the reader. For sure a book to become a movie soon.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book.  I was happy that Bella and Edward got everything they wanted.  For those who did not like it, get over it, it's a fiction novel!  They had enough hardship throughout other books.  Also they didn't get off easily in this book.  They had all that anticipation and preparation for big fight with Volturi.  I could not stop reading with anticipation.    I was little bit disappointed how Bella turned into the vampire.  Reading the previous novels I thought that it would be romantic, may be on their wedding night.  I thought that it would be passionate.  But I got over it because Edward was against Bella becoming a vampire from the beginning, he didn't want to do it.  He was putting it off.  By turning her into vampire to save her life was a logical way to save his soul.  By biting her to save her life he was proving that he was good, not evil.    I like that the characters did not have sex before they got married.  I love that Edward was the one that resisted the temptation and was putting it off for after the marriage.  Also Bella was not certain if she wanted to get married at eighteen.  She loved Edward more than anything in the world, but she was not sure about marriage, she wanted to wait.  I missed Bella almost fainting when Edward was kissing her in this book.  Their relationship had to move forward.  You could sense the build up that was leading to the s.e.x but it was not described.  You just knew that it was over the top, wild.  I love the way Stephanie hinted it in the book.  I like that Jacob had a happy ending too.  I like that mortal enemies can become friends.  You can even resolve most complicated problems and feuds if you willing to work on it.  It was little bit wired that Jacob was destined for Bella and Edward's daughter.  If you look from the other point of view, may be Jacob was never meant to be for Bella.  He was always meant to be for her daughter.
0393312836|5.0|This novel is an amazing piece of literature. It centers around the dealings of a young man, approx. 15-16 years old, involved in gangs in the not too distant future. Alex, the sadistic protagonist, is a teenager who enjoys beating, stealing, and raping the innocent, until a tragic murder is on his hands and he's thrown in jail. While in jail, he defends himself from getting raped and accidentally kills his assailant. Because of this crime, Alex is forced into a radical new treatment which promises to change society for the better. Anyone who undergoes this treatment cannot commit or watch any violent or vulgar acts with feeling a sensation similar to that of death (drowning specifically). Once he finishes this treatment, Alex attempts to return to his former life only to find himself surrounded by the very people he hurt, unfortunately for him they decide to get even (involving an orgy of violence begun by very old men). Once Alex attempts suicide, the government's doctors cure him and give him a job, in hopes of gaining some badly needed good P.R.. After a while of being his original self once again, Alex seems uneasy, as if the acts of ultra violence no longer satisfy him. Then he meets an old friend who seems to have grown up, has a wife, good job, and a promising future. Alex then decides to abandon the life of a scoundrel youth, considering he is now in his either late teens or early twenties, for a more upstanding life.                This novel explores the Adolescent Psyche showing the thought process of a teen and how, with age, that seems to change so dramatically, like dropping the use of some strange form of slang. It also explores the moral question \\"Is it worse to be bad by choice, or be good by force?\\" and the questionable actions of the government (i.e. the Vietnam War).            If one could get past the abnormal dialect, it took me about half way to truly understand what every word meant, 'droog' means 'friend' ; 'korova' means 'cow'; 'golova' (gulliver) means 'head'; 'malchick' or 'malchickiwick' means 'boy'; 'soomka' means 'sack' or 'bag'; 'Bog' means 'God'; 'khorosho' means good, 'prestoopnick' means 'criminal'; 'rooker' is 'hand', 'cal' is 'crap', 'vec' is 'man' or 'guy'; 'litso' is 'face'; and so on. One should not let the language stop them from enjoying a truly classic piece of literature after all.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I asked for this for Christmas simply after hearing many people's glowing reviews of this series, as I don't have cable.  I now have to add myself to the list of fans of this series.  I really enjoyed watching such a well crafted series- it was well written and executed, and Paul Giamatti as John Adams is wonderful.  I would recommend watching this series, it's a nice perspective of the founding of the Nation.
0743270754|5.0|This is definately a terrific book.  Can't help but think of the Obama campaign linking his unlikely rise to Lincoln.  Great book for presidential history and civil war buffs.
0143038419|4.0|Although this book gained huge popularity almost immediately after its release--which was a full two years ago now--initially, I had some reluctance to read it.  This is surprising given that 1) I'm about the same age as the author, 2) I generally really enjoy memoirs, and 3) I've studied Italian and am into yoga, which are two of the three major themes of this book.  However, my sense from others who had read EAT, PRAY, LOVE before me was that for all those who loved the book, just as many hated it, finding it to be self-indulgent.<br /><br />So, is this book self-indulgent?  Well, of COURSE it is--but what memoir isn't?  You could dismiss the entire book by saying that author Elizabeth Gilbert is, like so many other women before her, simply trying to \\"find herself\\" after an ugly divorce.  While this is arguably true, the universal nature of Gilbert's general situation doesn't make the particular details of her story any less interesting.  The fact is, Gilbert is an engaging writer, and although the pages of her book might should \\"ME, ME, ME!\\", she certainly provides her readers with a clear portrayal of her year of transformative travel.  Readers are with Gilbert each step of the way as she learns to experience pleasure again in Italy (through the joy of wonderful food), to connect with a higher being in India (by practicing yoga and meditation at her Guru's ashram), and to find peace and love in Bali.<br /><br />There were a few things I didn't like about Gilbert's writing style.  For example, she seemed to be unnecessarily coy at times, like when she made the specific point of saying within the first few pages of the book that she wasn't going to let readers know anything about what went wrong with her ex-husband.  She also refused to reveal the name of her Guru, something that of course can easily be obtained on the internet (and in fact now appears in Gilbert's own blog).  But overall, I found this book to be enjoyable:  I enjoyed taking part in Gilbert's journey and truly rooted for her happiness in the end.ney and truly rooted for her happiness in the end.
B00005JOHC|3.0|I can usually rate a series by whether or not I want to see the next season. In the case of 2 and  Men, guess I'll catch it on cable because it really doesn't matter if it's viewed chronologically, mildly amusing, but no great shakes.     The Charlie Sheen character has an ancestor on 1950's TV, the Bob Cummins role in Love That Bob. They should have stuck to that idea more closely, because the 1950's swinger and pinups seem to be having genuine fun. Charlie Sheen, I have no idea why a woman would want him unless California chicks are pathetic beach house groupies. Hmm, maybe they are?  Charlie's more regimented brother, Jon Cryer, come on, he's not believable as a husband or a parent. Throw in the usual wacko's, demented neighbors, and overbearing mothers. Sigh, it's a sitcom.
B000003TAL|5.0|`Experimental rock' and `noise rock' are such loose, intangible terms that I become troubled by seeing them branded on an album. They're umbrella terms that swoop over any music that is vaguely `out there', pushing some kind of ideal of what we deem traditional. Yet they hold a complete disregard for the actual genre and aesthetic of the music. Sonic Youth's breed of post-punk is regarded and pigeonholed as `experimental' or `noise', yet so is Frank Zappa and Tom Waits, and they share no musical style connection other being...well, original. I know, I know, heaven forbid such UNORIGINAL terminology!<br /><br />So, unfortunately `experimental/noise' rock are naughty, vague terms. One simply has no idea what they're going to hear from a `noise' album (um, except noise, but then that always happens with music, doesn't it?). And so, after endless disappointments with highly acclaimed `experimental' and `noise' rock, I become ultimately disillusioned.<br /><br />So thank f**k for Sonic Youth then, and particularly \\"Daydream Nation\\". This album is a shining light, a beacon for the messy dirge of dodgy experimental bands and thoughtless branding. And the reason behind this is quite simple. Sonic Youth know how to blend experimentation with accessibility. \\"Daydream Nation\\" is wild, dizzying and feral, yet simultaneously blissful and catchy. It's a battle between underground abrasion and generic perfection. It is everything you can want from a rock album. And it is one of the very best rock albums ever made. I don't want to detail every song and go on about bridges and what hooks are the best. Every song is killer, and it just needs to be heard.<br /><br />There I did all that without calling it noise-abrasive-wacky-downyourmouth-f**k YOU- rock.<br /><br />And any album with a Gerhard Richter painting as a cover MUST be good.
B0007TKNII|3.0|Joel Schumacher has created a visually sumptuous film version of Andrew Lloyd Webber's mega-hit stage musical \\"The Phantom Of The Opera.\\" Several musical numbers (notably \\"The Phantom Of The Opera,\\" \\"Music Of The Night\\" and \\"Masquarade\\") are attractively staged for film. Emmy Rossum makes a comely Christine, and Gerard Butler is super sexy as The Phantom. Minnie Driver has several funny scenes as opera diva Carlotta, and Miranda Richardson is impressive as Madame Gury, seemingly the only soul who has any sympathy for the Phantom.<br />  But Schumacher, Butler, Rossum, etc. can not escape the fact that Webber's musical is incredibly shallow on several levels, no matter how hard they might try. When Rossum removes Butler's mask, he looks like a guy who has been burned a bit in a fire; or perhaps had acid thrown on one side of his face. His face does not appear \\"distorted, hardly a face\\" as Christine fearfully sings. Butler's Phantom is definitely not the horrifying, hideous creature that Lon Chaney was in the  original 1925 silent film classic. Butler's Phantom is a stud. True, Webber is going for musical romance here, not horror. Christine's rejection of the Phantom and her schmultzy love for pretty boy Patrick Wilson as Raoul makes her an incredibly, almost insufferably, shallow person. Could Patrick Wilson be any more bland than he is here? But no actor is to be blamed as much as Lord Lloyd Webber himself. His shallow songs (Wilson and Rossum sing the cringe-inducing love duet \\"All I Ask Of You,\\" for example) render the entire enterprise banal and emotionally vapid. And \\"Phantom\\" is still playing to packed houses, regardless of who is in the cast, for something over 22 years now. What can I say to that? Well, if audiences want to eat emotional vapidity for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, Andrew Lloyd Webber is definitely the go-to guy.
B000W93CHC|5.0|Best Book I have ever read, or the best 2 books I ever read. Follett is an exceptional writer and interpretor of history. We have read almost all of his books. This is our first read on a Kindle. 5's all around.    Tom Wald
B000000H4A|4.0|This is the first solo album by King Diamond. The album is a mix of story telling (which he would explore further with Abigail, Them, etc) and stand alone songs. The songs on here are pretty catchy, with plenty of dark atmosphere to them. The only reason I don't give this 5 stars is that IT DOESN'T HAVE \\"NO PRESENTS FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!!\\" Sure, you can find it on the Best of King Diamond, but it came out in this same period. Oh well, it is still a great album.
B001GSV3EC|5.0|Bloody ripper album. Great to hear Jeff in full flight in a live setting and get a taste of just how subtle, nuanced, and rip-snortin' he is live without any studio smoke 'n mirrors. Mind you, he has a reputation for using minimal special effects within or without the studio. It's all in the fingers. What control. What expression. Christ this guy can play. The consumate Euro rock guitarist. So damn good, he can't seem to play in a normal rock format - i.e. with singer in tow. Of course he kinda made the transition to jazz-rock but has remained essentially in the rock camp playing what would have to be described as \\"instrumental rock\\" rather than \\"jazz rock\\". Thank god he didn't get into wanky spiritualism and paradoxalism such as afflicted the jazz rockers - e.g. \\"return to ... forever\\", \\"visions of the emerald ... beyond\\", etc, etc. Of course all these guys were in thrall to Jimminy \\"Cricket\\" Hendrix and wanted to get a taste of unleashing that kind of sonic power. Jeff might have been a bit in thrall to the Jimster himself. But Jeff was there right at the start right along with Jimminy, Eric, Green, Page, etc. He was, perhaps more than any other Euro guitarist, the main guy to create the language of rock guitar. And more than any other, he took it somewhere else. Check out Nadia for a taste of what Jeff can do with micro-tones. Great to hear some of the old material getting a workout. Only disappointment I guess is a lack of new stuff. Be good to hear some great new tunes in the hands of the maestro. Interesting to speculate on what the Stones might have sounded like had Jeff joined at the time instead of Ronnie. I don't imagine he would have stuck around forever but it would have been fun to hear a couple of Stones disks with Jeff slashing and burning along with the riff-maester.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Brando, Pacino, De Niro.............il massimo per una trilogia strepitosa! pochi film si possono paragonare  a questi come pochi sono gli attori talentuosi come i tre protagonisti!
B000002GBB|5.0|Out of all of the Styx's works this release is my favorite. I recently collected a compilation of my favorites of Styx tunes throughout the years and the one CD that pulled the majority of my favorites came from this release.  Great White Hope, Blue Collar Man, Queen of Spades, Pieces of Eight, Renegade, Aku-Aku, The Message/Lord of the Rings. All are great classics. I agree with others this release was the most complete in terms of their diversity in musical style from Aku-Aku, nice clean instrumental ballad to Queen of Spades their darkest tune in a single CD/album release. I think Dennis must have been in midst of a divorce when he wrote Queen of Spades.      Styx brought music that was inspiring sometimes mystical and pragmatic. All in all great memories from this CD/Album.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Well, after getting out of the Hatch now the series takes us to the lives of the Others.  Whole new world opened up after they introduced the Others.  This was perhaps the most mysterious season of Lost. We learn the lifestyle of Others, and how crazy Ben really is and how everything started.  The season was better directed than the second season.  Which I think was little dull in the middle, still great season though.  Coming back the third season, alot of things have been revealed to us and more questions arise...not surprisingly. The last three episodes are probably the best episodes of this series so far. Especially the last one.  When we witness the biggest shock of all.  Great Season.
B00000JLWW|1.0|penso sia il pi grande polpettone di tutta la storia del cinema! Di caprio sembra un cicciobello (il famoso bambolotto), si salva solo la Winslet. Non oso immaginare la riunione della coppia in Revolutionary road! spero in qualcosa di meglio questa volta! mi spiace per i fans di questo film ma che P...e!
B000FIMG68|5.0|Well after very long summer, we got to see what was in that Hatch.  And Season 2 didn't disappoint. There were good additions such as Desmond, Mr. Ecko, Anna Lucia, and the rest of the Tallies.  The series was kind of getting little dull in the middle but it picked up near the end.  I was little disappointed in Locke's character because the way they portrayed him in the first season as a mysterious and tough, he wasn't as such in the second season.  Thank god for the Tallies particularly Mr. Ecko.  Loved the character. Nether less to say very Strong follow up to the fantastic first season.
0440178002|5.0|This book is marvelous.   Some reviewers have taken Clavell to task for literary and stylistic problems, but I am a reader not a writer, so these reviews were unimportant to me. Several reviewers commented on the ungrammatical Japanese expression in Shogun. Some reviewers also point out that Shogun is also apparently historically/ culturally inaccurate in many respects. Those criticism are perhaps valid; I am not an expert on such matters, and thus cannot judge their validity. But, still, those reveiws were beside the point for me.  There is in fact a book called Learning From Shogun that may be downloaded for free on the web, a book in which several scholars critique Clavell's Japan of 1600. And these experts on the whole seem to appreciate what Mr. Clavell has accomplished.  I have read Shogun several times over the years, and each reading leads me to new places. The first time, I was in my mid-teens and I remember how the book opened my eyes, sort of in the way of, \\"Wow, there are really people who lived like that?\\" Because I was raised in a very insular and homogenous place, the first reading was very valuable to me. When I read Shogun again when I had begun to seriously play in the world of work, I began to appreciate the complexity of Toronaga's endeavors in balancing the interests of so many factions.  Still another reading led me to the small thrill of discovery.    Gracia Hosokawa (Mariko) likely never met Will Adams (Blackthorne). She was a catholic. She did commit suicide in a sense. Her husband, Hosokawa Tadaoki, was nothing like Buntaro, and was in fact a cultured and refined warrior, much like his artistic father, who in turn was nothing like Hiromatsu. And after Sekigahara, Tadaoki was assigned by Tokugawa Ieyasu (Toronaga) to Kokura castle (now a tourist attraction), which gave Ieyasu a strategic foothold on the significantly Christian island of Kyushu.  The Hosokawa's son, Tadatoshi, was in charge of Kokura after his father died and helped end the Christian threat to Japan by participating in the massacre of about 40,000 Christians. You have to wonder what Tadatoshi thought about that assignment given his mother's faith.  And it is ironic that right over the mountain from the castle ruins where the massacre happened is Unzen national park, a place of stinking hot springs, nicknamed \\"hell\\".  This latest reading was also valuable. It reawakened in me an appreciation for simple good manners. The book shows how something as foundational as good manners can be an important tool in life.  The book demonstrates that manners are not only a form of respect, a simple gift to extend to other human beings, but also a shield to protect oneself, and even a strong weapon against the ill-mannered. I literally find myself more conscious of my words and actions in every-day life.   For me, this books rates a 5.5 for the simple reason that I am a better man for having read it.
1595141979|4.0|After the tragedy of Frostbite, Rose and her friends are coping as best they can. Bearing her first molnija marks might be a bit of a status symbol but their earning was bittersweet. As her final months at St. Vladimir's begin winding down the guardians are facing their field experience testing. They'll be facing weeks of practice guarding their Moroi classmates from their instructors pretending to be Strigoi. Expecting to be paired with Lissa, Rose's field experience should be easy. But when she sees the ghostly image of Mason and freezes at her first attack everything goes downhill.<br /><br />For the first time in her life Rose is beginning to question the life of a Dhampir. Becoming Lissa's guardian means she will never choose what classes to attend or where she will live. The guardian standard \\"They come first.\\" suddenly doesn't have such a great ring to it. Meanwhile, Lissa continues to practice her spirit magic with Adrian causing turmoil with Christian. When Adrian begins to see how Lissa's magic use is affecting Rose the mystery of St. Vladimir and shadow kissed Anna holds answers Rose isn't ready to face. She's always known she may one day have to give her life to protect Lissa but can she? When an unexpected threat breaks over the academy the students' lives are forever changed but none moreso than Rose who has to choose whether to protect her best friend or fulfill a promise to the man she loves.<br /><br />As with the first two books, I very much enjoyed being emersed in the world of St. Vlad's. In just three short books Rose has gone from mouthy runaway to seasoned guardian. It was great to see her beginning to question whether she really wants to live her life for Lissa. That aspect of the Dhampir/Moroi relationship has always bugged me. It was also enjoyable seeing Rose put into a position she didn't expect no matter how upset she got.<br /><br />I will say that I struggled with the pacing this time around. I also felt that the events of Frostbite seemed as if they were being overlooked almost as if they had happened a very long time ago instead of just a couple of weeks. I've always looked forward to Rose's interactions with Christian and Adrian but both characters seemed different this time around, not bad just... as if they weren't being written with their usual stronger personalities. The focus was definitely more on Dimitri and I know many readers of the series adore him but I've always found him boring. I had hoped that the extra focus would make me like him more and approve of his relationship with Rose but I was again unable to find a spark for him. Without spoiling anything I feel it is safe to say that the next book, Blood Promise, will be mostly Rose and Dimitri again.ing overlooked almost as if they had happened a very long time ago instead of just a couple of weeks. I've always looked forward to Rose's interactions with Christian and Adrian but both characters seemed different this time around, not bad just... as if they weren't being written with their usual stronger personalities. The focus was definitely more on Dimitri and I know many readers of the series adore him but I've always found him boring. I had hoped that the extra focus would make me like him more and approve of his relationship with Rose but I was again unable to find a spark for him. Without spoiling anything I feel it is safe to say that the next book, Blood Promise, will be mostly Rose and Dimitri again.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|I was really excited to find these movies on Amazon, especially for such a great price.  I love the show and I wanted to have every episode in one neat package.    Amazon makes everything so easy to order.    I can't wait to sit back in the dark, fire blazing on the hearth, the wind whipping the trees around and my old house making odd noises and watching it one show after the other!
B001AUKUUO|3.0|I love the tunes on this CD but I've wondered for years why the sound is awful.  They seriously ought to think about a re-master!
B000X5SPBI|5.0|This show is amazing.  I can't get enough and I'm just thrilled to have all three seasons in my possession via Amazon.  I was very pleased that I rec'd volume three so quickly, it took my other orders quite a bit longer to arrive.  I haven't had a chance to watch the dvd's yet, but I'm looking for a really dark, cold and windy night to curl up and watch the Winchester brothers take on the world; between the funny comments and the twists and turns, you can't go wrong.  I love the way the guys interact with each other- you laugh one minute and cover your eyes the second.
B001D08SK0|1.0|Just doing my part to make sure Amazon shoppers know this product is damaged from day one.  I'm giving it a low score, because I figure if the average score is low enough, they'll check out some reviews to see why.  And here's why:  The cardboard pockets where the discs are housed scratch the discs beyond playability.  I bought a copy from my local CD store, took it home, and couldn't even play the discs.  They skipped on several tracks.  I took it back to the CD store with the intention of exchanging it.  I recalled they had another in stock.  The sales associate opened the other copy to examine its condition - Guess what.  It was worse.  So, please be warned.  Until Sony/Columbia rectify the packaging issue, you are undertaking a tremendous risk in buying this product.  Sure the book is beautiful, as are the other goodies included.  After all, this is THE JAZZ ALBUM, and it deserves such a lavish treatment.  But they made one tremendous flaw in the packaging.    FYI, I couldn't say if the blue vinyl is up to par or not.  I never played it
B001AIRUOU|1.0|Our family has loved Burton's other movies, and appreciate his quirky sensibility, but we found this one unwatchable.  We literally stopped it halfway.  The whole thing is sung, in the style of a generic Broadway musical.  Neither the world of holiday towns, nor the story, engaged us at all.
1401216676|4.0|The Killing Joke was good in the art and plot mediums. It's by no means my favorite Batman story, but it does cycle through nicely. The plot begins with Batman visiting with the Joker in Arkham. After eventually seizing him and smearing off some of his makeup, it transitions to the Joker \\"buying\\" what seems to be an abandoned amusement park that seems to have a few hazards riddled about it. From here on out the plot begins shifting back and forth between two stories:  1.) The Joker somehow gets out of Arkham and breaks into Jim Gordon's apartment where he shoots Barbara (Batgirl) in the hip thus paralyzing her from the waist down for life (this leads to her becoming \\"the Oracle\\" later). The Joker's goons then grab Jim and drag him off to the now demonized amusement park to put Jim through an assortment of hellish experiences and games all the while Batman is trying to track him down and stop all this.   2.) The other story is the Joker's origin, or at least one of the more popular ones. It involves the Joker as a then nice guy who quit his job at a chemical factory to become a stand-up comedian. Sadly, this turns out badly so he decides to help some ruffians cut through the chemical factory he quit from to rob the playing card company next door to help support his pregnant wife. His wife is eventually killed in an accident, but he continues on with the plan to aid the ruffians due to their threats. The ruffians give him a red helmet to help him reassure him that he will not be recognized. This results badly when Batman and a squad of police crack down on them and Batman thinks the Joker to be the same thief who wore the helmet on a separate occasion. To escape from Batman, the Joker jumps into the toxic chemical drainage where he ends up being washed up on some shore with an entirely mutated face, skin and personality.     Overall, I'd say that the story is good as is the art. Much of the style of the comic is very twisted and is laced with grim humor throughout, but that's to be expected when you're taken inside the mind of one of DC's sickest villains. Obviously, this is more about the Joker than it is Batman, so all you're essentially seeing throughout this is an assessment of the Joker from his origin to his strengths to his weaknesses. Batman is mearly the hero who inexplicably comes in to stop all this, although there is a constant assessment of the relationship between Batman and the Joker that surfaces once or twice in the story. Try it out.
B00005ASIL|4.0|Occasionally I will roam outside of my comfort zone if I come across an album by a band I've heard of, and the price is right. This title fitted the bill...I got this as part of a '3 cds for $25' deal at a chain store near where I live. So, I'm reviewing this album as someone who's only heard one Tull song on the radio, and I wouldn't have been able to name that song to you, before I'd heard this album, seeing as how rarely you hear that song, here in Australia.        Anyway, this compilation has one out and out classic: \\"Living in the past\\". I'd call that song \\"easy listening\\" in style. If that term has negeative connotations for you, well, it doesn't for me, and you'd be missing something great by avoiding it.  The song features the lead singer, Ian Anderson, on flute. Many of the songs on this album feature the flute. It is one of the defining characteristics of this band...like The Doors' and Deep Purple's use of the organ in their music. The song itself has a jazzy, sophisticated, cocktail lounge kind of sound. It features the bass, it swings, it's smooth, it's great.        Listening to this compilation, I can't really see why this band is classed as rock. I'd heard this cd a while after reading somewhere that Jethro Tull has beaten Metallica to a Grammy in some hard rock category. Maybe those heavier tracks aren't included here...I don't know. They don't seem very hard rock to me in any case.        There are one or two songs that remind me of some of Iron Maiden's mellower songs. Iron Maiden are a very famous British heavy metal band. Perhaps the songs that brought Maiden to mind include \\"Broadsword\\" and  \\"Roots to branches\\". My second favourite Maiden song, after \\"Run to the hills\\" (which is a heavy metal classic, in my view), is \\"The clansman\\", which is a very nice and mellow (for the most part) song. \\"Roots to branches\\" is perhaps most in that style. It may be possible that a band like Iron Maiden took on some influence from Jethro Tull, though thisis mere speculation on my part.        Apart from \\"Living in the past\\", there are a couple of songs that rise above being merely 'listenable' for me. Namely:    \\"Roots to branches\\": has a \\"The Clansman\\" style electric guitar, flute, and an interesting drum performance.    \\"A song for Jeffrey\\": features the flute, bass, a cool sounding slide guitar and a very nice sounding harmonica element. The song sounds American, lyrically and vocals wise.        Overall, you can listen to the album in its entirety, easily. That for me is a plus, which is why I'm giving it 7/10. So many bands release a greatest hits compilation and you really only choose to listen to a few songs and actively avoid the rest.        There is much to be said for the variety of sounds and instruments in this cd. The inclusion of the flute works...it's not just some eccentricity which has to be borne in good grace. Some tracks are the kind of thing you'd hear from heavy metal groups...\\"Roots to branches\\", which I've already mentioned, and \\"Sweet dream\\", which has a touch of Black Sabbath to it. Orchestral instruments feature occasionally. Sometimes the music may sound bluesy, or Native American, or jazzy. Lots of variety, in any case.        Without really being that familiar with the traditions that Jethro Tull draws on, I'd say that it's my impression that their music has tinges of Celtic music, traditional folk music and maybe even mediaeval sounds. These are all genres that I'm not familiar with, but they are impressions that I get.        The cd liner notes are a pleasure to read...written by Ian Anderson himself. He starts off bemoaning people who buy only compilations themselves. Then he...(no, I'll let you read that for yourself!). In any case, Anderson can thank people like me for paying money they otherwise wouldn't have spent on for something by him.         All in all, this is has been a worthwhile experimental purchase. Now that I know that that song I really liked on the radio by them was \\"Living in the past\\", I don't think I'll forget that easily. Great song, and otherwise an interesting collection of songs.
B000V698DI|5.0|I don't usually like rock but this one is truly special!  one of the best rock albums of all time, there are a few reviews by other users who are prob. too young to understand how legendary this group is/was!  I don't agree with someone giving a 1 star for this album or group period but it's your opinion.
B00008976Y|5.0|Con esta pelicula me volvi fan de Kieslowski, no ahondare con detalles del film, pero si dire que  esta llena de pasion y emociones y en donde las imagenes substituyen los dialogos, de la trilogia esta es mi favorita y espero conseguir pronto la doble vida de veronique tambien    With this movie i became a Krzysztof Kieslowski fan, i wont delve in to the film but just say it is full of passion and emotion in which images replace words, ill be looking for The Double Life of Veronique as well.
B001KZI2WW|5.0|[[ASIN:B001NPHZ7W Crocs Mens Santa Cruz - Black]]<br /><br />I liked the casual look of canvas topped loafers and previously owned a pair of Sanuks, which are pretty much a canvas topped flip flop sole.  Comfortable until you realize that it has no arch support, after about 3 days of constant wear my feet rebelled.  The sole also began to separate at the layers.  I was very disappointed because I liked the look.<br /><br />Then I found the Crocs Santa Cruz.  After finding my proper size, I ordered a pair.  My feet have never been happier.  They have the same casual canvas top as the Sanuk, but with a much thicker sole, a removable insole (although I've never removed it except to knock out sand), and arch support that is unsurpassed by any other footwear I own.  My only regret is that since I have such wide feet it is not very comfortable to wear these with socks, but I suspect that is a personal problem.<br /><br />Normally I would balk at spending $50 on a pair of casual shoes, but the endurance and comfort of these shoes makes them well worth it.  After at least 6 months of near constant use I have not worn out the treads on the bottom.
B000002GVO|5.0|The departure of Bernie Leadon, and his replacement by Joe Walsh in the mid-seventies completed a  new dynamic for the Eagles, which had been started by the addition of Don Felder on \\"One of These Nights\\". It was more hard-edged, less traditional country and decried the excesses of the Southern California lifestyle of the time.   The introduction to the title track (originally written in B, but Henley wouldn't sing it in that key) made hair stand up on the back of my neck, something that hadn't happened since the first time I had heard Bloodrock's \\"D.O.A.\\". I remember picking the song apart, especially the outre, to see if I could tell which parts were being played by Walsh, and which by Felder.  The quintet had obviously learned well the lessons taught to them by Mr. Leadon, the harmonies and the orchestrations of the various tracks showing that the Eagles had finally come into their own as a musical force to be reckoned with.  \\"New Kid in Town\\" and \\"Wasted Time\\", are more homages to their previous works, but \\"Victim of Love\\", and \\"Life in the Fast Lane\\", in which Walsh is allowed to let it hang out a bit, were indicative of the harder edge that they were taking on. His guitar rings true in that song, and harkens back to his James Gang days.  Glenn Frey had once said that \\"The Last Resort\\" was the best song that Don Henley had ever penned, and that might not be far from the truth.We, as a race or culture, tend to spoil any place we consider a \\"paradise\\", as is chronicled in the song. The track \\"Try and Love Again\\", sung by Randy Meisner, has a unique Gretsch guitar sound by Walsh that would show up about the same time in Poco's \\"Indian Summer\\". And Walsh's own \\"Pretty Maids All in a Row\\" chronicles our growing up.  All in all, it's a very satisfying album, which the follow up, \\"The Long Run\\" didn't quite equal. If you're a fan of 70's music, this has to be in your collection.
B000H6SXLU|3.0|I own all of the Astaire-Rogers films on DVD. I can watch any of them, even this one,the least of their movies.  John Kent(Randolph Scott)is a football coach who is visting Paris with his best friend,Huckleberry Hanes(What a name that is!He is played by Fred Astaire),a bandleader. While in Paris, John visits his rich aunt Roberta(Helen Westley),the owner of a fashion business. John falls in love with Roberta's assistant,Stephanie (Irene Dunne). When Roberta dies,she leaves the business to John, who enlists Stephanie's help in running it. Lizzie (Ginger Rogers) is Stephanie's friend at the fashion house.   For some reason, Stephanie is really a Russian princess and Lizzie is pretending to be a Polish countess. The reason why isn't explained very well. The plot of this one moves like a snail, and Scott seems stuck saying the word \\"swell\\" so much, you can't keep count.   The music and dancing are so excellent, however,it makes it worth seeing.  The nice score by Jerome Kern includes such classics as \\"Yesterdays\\", \\"Lovely To Look At\\", and \\"Smoke Gets In Your Eyes\\", all sung by Dunne in the operetta format.Fred and Ginger dance to \\"I'll Be Hard To Handle\\" and \\"I Won't Dance\\". These are the best reasons to see the movie.  The DVD includes two short subjects, one a cartoon.It also has a radio show promoting the movie, and the (badly worn) trailer. The print of the movie is pretty good.Mostly worhty of you time if you are a Fred and Ginger fan.
0375826726|3.0|Brisingr is a great improvement over the previous two books of this series. I stress the word series, because it seems as if Paolini is determined to stretch this out as long as he can.   The only reason I bought this book, is because I had already read the previous two, and assumed it was a trilogy. It isn't !!  Instead the short plot is dragged out across hundreds of pages, only to meet with a totally unsatisfactory end.    Buyers beware !
B0015FHDRW|5.0|I \\"discovered\\" Foxboro Hottubs in the bargain bin at a Base Exchange in Balad Air Base in Iraq. I bought the album purely out of an interest for the art direction and an intense desire to hear something not in the mainstream.  Initially, I was impressed, but I criticized the lead singer for \\"sounding too much like Billie Joe Armstrong from Green Day.\\" Imagine my surprise when I learned that Foxboro Hottubs was in fact the same band members as Green Day.  Forget the awards and the pop scene hype, this is what Armstrong, Dirnt, Cool, White, Freese and Preston are all about, profound yet everyday music that isn't pretentious. If you're an indie music snob, get lost, and if you're a pop sensation evangelist, get lost, this album isn't for you. I think this album is about having fun and being true to yourself, Hollywood be damned. Ironically, I find that \\"American Idiot\\" and similar songs are quite popular with the US Military despite the `anti-American' message.  Foxboro Hottubs, likewise, is quintessentially American, the message is \\"We are here, we don't care what you think, We're here to live.\\"   ...God Bless Rock and Roll .
B0013FSL3E|5.0|This is a true Disney love story; particulary during those first 40 minutes without the dialouge.    Just look at WALL-E's eyes, watch his every move; who could be more in love than a little robot who continually gets struck by lightening in order to protect the love of his life, a little guy who ties Christmas lights around her and takes her off to see a sunset?    I think this is why so many adults enjoyed this film (I am 50 years old, I immediatly recognized the music from \\"Hello Dolly\\") too.    This wasn't just a kid's movie, this was made for everyone.  And the music?, what a fabulous mix of tunes through-out the film.    This is by far the best PIXAR film made; I just hope they do not try to make a \\"WALL-E 2\\", some films should never have #2s made.    -Katie Wesolowski
0446401307|4.0|Originally published as a serial, Harry Bosch's latest case is like a plot out of 24, as it involves a terrorist network and a case of missing radioactive material. The fact it happens within a 12 hour time frame makes it hard for me to escape the comparison.     Much to my delight, Bosch's foray into the counterterrorism genre isn't contrived as he tries to stubbornly focus on the murder of a physicist rather than trace the missing cesium (the radioactive material). Here, we see him butt heads with the FBI and Homeland Security regarding the priority of the case. Of course, there is the obligatory twist on the culprit but I found it not as contrived as The Closers or Echo Park.     It is briskly paced and clearly written, the only complaint is it is too short. Translating it to a full-pledged novel, Connelly could've added a few more details on the war on terror to flesh out the book. Still, the overall plot is certainly most refreshing especially in the context of the Harry Bosch universe. Highly-recommended!
B0018S6YO4|1.0|If I hear unbrella one more time.........that is one of the worst songs ever written.  Just another auto-tuned no talent hack.
B001H5X7I4|4.0|A group of prima donna actors and incompetent filmmakers travel to Vietnam to adapt a gritty story of the war horrors found in the jungles of Southeast Asia.  Through a series of blunders, the actors unknowing land in the middle of a turf drug war and believe the gunfire and explosions going on around them are all part of the production.    No this isn't Oliver Stone and it isn't Francis Ford Coppola.  It is Ben Stiller and an unbelievably accomplished troop of performers that includes superstars Tom Cruise and Matthew McConaughey in small roles and has Stiller, Jack Black and Robert Downey at the top of their games.      The jokes aimed at satirizing Hollywood come as fast as an episode of Entourage, a show which probably inspired McConaughey's fast-talking agent and Cruise's Machiavellian studio lord.   A tough genre to satirize, the film levels its gag cannon directly at some of the best Vietnam films of the past decades and scores a direct hit.      The film's neatest achievement is the opening, as viewers know immediately the kind of actors involved because the film presents fake trailers for upcoming movies of the Stiller, Black and Downey characters.   Not only do the trailers inform, but they also entertain, especially the one featuring Downey's multi-Oscar winner playing a gay monk in a period piece with Tobey Maguire (just one of many great cameos).      The film has a huge budget for casting, explosions, locations and all other aspects of making a big picture.  And they spent their money well.  Yeah, the \\"awards movies\\" like Slumdog and Button are better films, but nothing made this year did a better job achieving its ambitions than Tropic Thunder, and it should receive strong consideration as one of the ten best films of the year.
0316168815|3.0|I've heard mostly good things about this book, so I decided to read it.  The point of view was interesting and unique and the beginning pulled me in.  But, about halfway through I was getting bored and the ending was pretty anticlimactic.
B00066FED6|4.0|It's true that it isn't anything like what you usually seek when you get a Jane Austen film. So the first time I saw it I did find parts a bit tasteless and disturbing; care must be taken when transforming literature into a visual medium sometimes. But it's a movie I've watched many times. For greatest satisfaction I find it best to take it on its own terms. I think some probably give it a negative review simply because it is very, very different from what they expect. But after forgetting expectations and just watching it as any other film, you may feel very differently. Some key scenes (such as the confrontation between Henry Tilney and his father) would benefit from greater development. The end I find rushed. Overall a film I enjoy watching.
B0000640SA|3.0|The special edition looks cool but is hard to get out of the case and also the menu while looks cool and is hard to navigate if you just what to watch the movie. Buy the regular edition and save your money. As far as the movie its one of the best movies of the decade and started off the beginning of Christopher Nolan tear of great movies.
0684853523|3.0|Stephen King's book Carrie and The Shining were the first grown up books I was allowed to read. I was twelve. So, Mr. King has a special place in my heart.<br />I am a fledgling writer and I knew I had to read anything written by Mr. King concerning the craft of writing. However, I came away with only one piece of advice from him and that is \\"Write alot and read alot.\\"  I kind of figured this out for myself.<br />If you want to learn a little personal history about Stephen King, read his book. But if you want information on writing, look elsewhere.
0446579939|3.0|Lucky One somewhat kept my interest & was easy to read. A few parts seemed a little predictable but there are some unexpected twists & turns.  At  times events seemed a little far- fetched but it all seems to work out in an interesting way.  Zeus was one of favorite characters....  I'm impartial to dogs!
1400049628|5.0|Most people don't think of the catastrophe that would ensue should a zombie outbreak get out of hand. We have been taught that the government will protect us. But when there is no government - either because they've been eaten by zombies, become zombies themselves, or fled from their posts - we must rely on ourselves to survive.    This book is all about surviving any type of zombie attack. It focuses heavily on preparation, as it should. But it also discusses tactics that can be used in zombie attacks, how to travel through zombie infested land, and so on.    There are a few very minor mistakes in the book. One is the time that it takes a human to die and reanimate after becoming infected. The actual time is somewhat quicker than stated in the book. However, this is a minor complaint, and the advice to stay away from any infected, or any infected corpse for that matter, should be heeded.
B001GQACGO|5.0|Wow! I'm so impressed with this cd! I've been a Beyonce fan since the days of the first Destiny's Child cd, but along the way she has really come to let me down. I was very happy with her first solo effort and loved the mellow adult groove of that cd. But with the release of B'day I was really left questioning her judgment, her management, and most importantly, her discretion. I really felt like she had to have know that cd was garbage, and that she was simply pandering to a certain youth market audience that she felt was her main \\"fan base\\". Well, I think she has since learned that as many 25+ people had been loving her all along, as well as her teen fans, and now my girl has REALLY come with it! I actually was put off from buying this cd earlier after reading several lukewarm reviews on here and not being overly impressed with the song clips. I said to myself, \\"self, do you really want to put out [...] bucks and be disappointed again?\\" However, I threw caution to the wind and prayed that perhaps this time she could deliver again. I sure am glad that I did!     Yes, this is Beyonce branching into a new, more \\"alternative\\" direction, which many feel is contrived. To me it sounds so pure and clean that if this is contrived, than bring on the fake B! I had really grown extremely critical of her voice, which if anyone who has been lucky enough to see her in concert, knows is nothing short of magical. But after the Dreamgirls fiasco, she began this shrieking/yodeling period, that really made me want to cut my ears off. I even hated Resentment, the song which so many thought was the mature shinning star of her last album. Shrieking garbage if you ask me! I guess Beyonce has been kicking it heavy with her vocal coach though, because I'm happy to report that the voice is back! I'm over the moon! I mean honestly, her voice simply soars on most of the Disc 1 tracks. Namely Broken-Hearted Girl and Smash Into You ( I literally get chills on certain parts of these songs), but honestly there isn't a bad track on the first disc! Really! I never thought I'd live to see the day. In fact, it is so good that it makes you wonder how she came to choose If I Were a Boy to be her first single, because it's probably the worst song on the first Disc, and even it's pretty good!     Second disc, well after being so thoroughly satisfied with the first, I was ok with her having her little club-time/ teeny-bopper album. I was all prepared to not like it, and I was fine with that, because for me she had fulfilled my more \\"sophisticated\\" musical needs already. But amazingly, I LIKE IT TOO! WOWsa! I was shocked. Now I'm not going to say that Disc 2 is a complete success, as Disc 1 is, but Diva, Sweet Dreams, Ego (love this one, very cute song) and Scared of Lonely (best on this side) are great. The others are even decent. She sounds a bit insane on the Hello chorus, but after I got over that, I came to like this song too! I don't know if it was low expectations, but I'm just so happy that Beyonce has finally grown and matured her music appropriately. I think releasing the non-deluxe disc was a bad idea (really don't understand that), but the un-abashed Beyonce hate really must end people. I mean come on! This cd is amazing. Anyway, I'm sure I'll swing over to the Keyshia Cole page and see 5 star reviews all over the place for her dud of a 2nd cd...some people just really hate Miss B and all she has come to represent. And that's ok, you don't have to like the girl. Heck, I don't know her, and neither do you guys! But credit must be given were credit is due, and this cd is simply a gem. Job well done Mrs. Carter!
1592289444|4.0|An amazing almost unbelievable story of arrest, mock trial, imprisonment in Siberia, escape and a trek to freedom covering thousands of miles.     Had this book been written in this day and time, people (media types) would have investigated it, found reasons to discredit it and claim it to be false. The story, frankly, does sound unbelievable, treking 20 to 30 miles a day in ankle deep snow and through the shifting sands of the Gobi Desert, but far be it from me to discredit the human spirit, and, ultimately, that's what this book is about--the human spirit's will to survive--to live against the odds.      One wishes there were more specific detail to make the story more alive and vivid, but the fact that it was written is enough--more than enough--to make this book a worthwhile read.     Example after example of man's humanity to man overcoming man's inhumanity to man.  That is written at all proves the story ends well.     Mr. Shakespeare said, \\"All's Well That Ends Well,\\" and that's true. But it is the getting there that can be horrific and terrible.  And this book tells an unbelievable story of escape, humanity and redemption.
B001B1R1EU|5.0|Alsion Balsom is an extraordinary trumpet virtuoso. And this is an extraordinary recording of the warhorse trumpet concertos. There are many recordings of these works, especially the Hayden and the Hummel, but the interpretations here are new and tasteful. Even if you own every other recording of these works ever published, add this one. It is definitive. Every student of this maddening instrument should hear how it can be done.
B000V9KFM8|3.0|We have both CD and LP, both have poor sound quality-distorted midrange to treble. Previously only played on computer/and MP3 players, did not notice inferior quality until we played both CD and LP on our nicer stereo system.  We love Springsteen, this would be one of his best albums ever except for the sound quality.
B0010YSD7M|4.0|SG1 will never win major awards however it does deliver to its fan base which in the end is what it is all about.  In this particular installment the Ori (the guys with snakes in their chests have been wiped out if you haven't been keeping up) are regrouping for a major offensive and it is up to SG1 to take a stand against them.      Overall-Great for what it is a few good oneliners  and our old friends the replicators even have a cameo.
0307388840|4.0|I have yet to see the movie, but I wanted to read the book first. I liked how the book was divided into parts that had relation to the story, but the reader didn't really know how or why until later. I do wish there would have been more elaboration on the story of Cecila and Robbie and their reunion and their life together; however, I know the major theme in the book was about Briony's perspective. Overall, great description and characterization... and it reflects the true naivete of Briony as a child and her maturation through experience with life and people.
B001KVZ6FC|4.0|People react strongly to \\"Gran Torino,\\" either embracing its depiction of a flawed but heroic racist old coot, or deriding the movie simply because its apparent political incorrectness makes them nervous.  But even if the Academy does not bestow one award on what is probably Clint Eastwood's last movie as an actor, remember this: \\"Gran Torino\\" is a more intelligent film on the state of race relations today than \\"Crash\\" (a multiple Oscar winner) ever pretended to be.<br /><br />The story is about Walt Kowalski, a grizzled Korean War vet and widower who spends his time drinking, smoking, and polishing his 1972 Ford Gran Torino, a vintage example of Detroit muscle.  Because he installed the car's steering column himself, the car represents not only a classically American fixation on the automobile, but also a blue-collar, pull-yourself-up-by-your-bootstraps work ethic, one that Eastwood himself would no doubt agree with.  (If for some reason you don't believe me, read his \\"What I've Learned\\" interview in the latest issue of Esquire.)<br /><br />Kowalski mentors an aimless Hmong teenager named Thao, who is being pressured to join his cousin's gang.  This is where the \\"Karate Kid\\" comparison comes in, which is inaccurate, partly because the characters of \\"Gran Torino\\" exhibit considerably greater depth.  The boy who plays Thao (and in fact all of the Hmong characters) is not a professional actor, so although his portrayal is sometimes rather wooden, there really isn't any substitute for authenticity.  Eastwood came of age in an era when Hollywood produced war movies using, say, a Chinese actor to portray a Japanese soldier.  It's clear from the casting of \\"Gran Torino\\" (and \\"Letters from Iwo Jima,\\" for that matter) that Eastwood prefers to do things his own way.<br /><br />Kowalski makes fun of Thao (calling him \\"Toad\\"), but also teaches the boy how to earn an honest living.  In the process, he becomes closer to Thao's family than he is to any of his own kin, who have degenerated into a distant, crass, materialistic clan of their own, far removed from the values Kowalski attempted to pass on.<br /><br />The steady stream of racist epithets in \\"Gran Torino\\" will cause some people to laugh uncomfortably, others to laugh with delight, and still another group to glare at those who are laughing.  Ultimately, however, this unsettling portrayal of one man's deep prejudices evolves into a different story altogether.  It is not possible to show the audience a path away from a racist mentality without showing honestly where that mentality came from--a feat which \\"Crash,\\" in spite of its heavy-handed moralizing, never came close to pulling off., crass, materialistic clan of their own, far removed from the values Kowalski attempted to pass on.    The steady stream of racist epithets in \\"Gran Torino\\" will cause some people to laugh uncomfortably, others to laugh with delight, and still another group to glare at those who are laughing.  Ultimately, however, this unsettling portrayal of one man's deep prejudices evolves into a different story altogether.  It is not possible to show the audience a path away from a racist mentality without showing honestly where that mentality came from--a feat which \\"Crash,\\" in spite of its heavy-handed moralizing, never came close to pulling off.
0679735909|5.0|A.S. Byatt provides beautiful poetry excerpts that give detail and depth to the adventure Maud and Roland are on to discover the love story of Randolph Ash and Christabel Lamott. The movie version is fairly accurate and not well-known... a must see after reading the book!
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Deservingly a classic, for its vision, its artfulness and its clever storytelling. Embrace this movie and let it take you into a dreamlike world where a mystery unravels, a love story blossoms, and just like the pudgy people are starting to notice - there's a whole bunch of stuff happening if you just stop and take a look. Enjoy the movie.
B00197X140|4.0|I am really, really loving this album.  It is a basically a look back, in \\"Hindsight,\\" at Anathema's earlier classics.  They have re-recorded some of their timeless classics in a semi-acoustic format but still maintained their recent atmospheric electronic sound.  I love these old songs and their original arrangements, so right off the bat it would be hard for me to like the new versions, notwithstanding the fact, as an earlier reviewer stated, that the production on the earliest albums (Eternity, Alternative 4) wasn't the best.  However, especially after a few listens, I absolutely love these versions.  Most surprisingly, I love the new version of \\"One Last Goodbye\\" more than the original, which I never thought would happen because the original is so amazing.<br /><br />The reason why I cannot give this album 5 stars is that while the recordings are great, I do highly dislike the synthesized sound they have used for the solos on Angelica, Inner Silence, and others.  It is a high pitched synth sound that sounds like it is changing octaves continuously.  I find this sound disconcerting and feel it doesn't do the strong melodies justice (though it does fit the electronic, atmospheric sound they have created).  I feel using a violin (there are a lot of strings used on this album) or just an elecrtic guitar sound would have been more enjoyable.  But this is just a highly personal taste, and I can look past this and still really enjoy the album.  Unfortunately, it really keeps it from being 5 stars for me.  Hopefully it is 5 stars for you!
B001GZ6QC4|1.0|Hands down, a horrible movie. I've been sifting through the reviews here on Amazon, and I'm truly amused by all the people who thought this movie was actually good. Since this movie got barely a good word after its theatrical release (with the exception of Ledger's role), I'm guessing I was reading a lot of bogus reviews put up by Warner Bros. Either that, or people have really low standards.    Heath Ledger was ok, at best. The rest of the cast was an embarrassment, and the script was pathetically complicated and long, packed with B-rated characters that just shouldn't have had speaking lines. Bruce Wayne's storyline about shutting down the Batman operation and handing the baton over to a new \\"White Knight\\" was just weak, and terribly untrue to the Batman character and his never ending lust to exert justice.     The movie is packed with dialog, dialog and more needless dialog! Batman's toys are weak, his character's inner struggle absent, and his eminence poorly challenged.    This movie was an injustice, unworthy of the Dark Knight title. I rarely voice that people should go invest their time in something else, but in this case I recommend for anyone who thought this was a Batman story to go read The Dark Knight, the definitive graphic novel by Frank Miller.
B001F290E4|5.0|Seal sings these classic songs so well. He sounds so soulful and moving on the tracks  \\"A Change Is Gonna Come\\" and \\"It's A Man's, Man's Man's World\\". \\"People Get Ready\\" is excellent too. I like the guitar playing on \\"People Get Ready\\".  It is very uplifting song.  These are my three favorite tracks on this disc.  Another highlight is the track \\"Free\\".  This song is so breezy and relaxing.  \\"I Can't Stand The Rain\\" is a groovy song. I love the beat of the track \\"Stand By Me\\". The musical arrangements are lovely on this song.  \\"I'm Still In Love With You\\" is a light smooth sounding track.  \\"Knock On Wood\\" is an upbeat track that I really like.  Every track is a gem on this disc.
B0017TYPIG|5.0|Alright, I've noticed all the reviews have been of the film and a summary.  I'm sure if you're looking to purchase this film, you've already seen it.  I'm going to go on about this particular conversion of the film.<br /><br />The visuals for this film wasn't upgraded very much from the DVD release (I also own).  Image quality is not that much better than the DVD.  The audio is much crisper.  They separate the channels really well, however, I've noticed that it isn't in a true 5.1 Surround sound.  It's in stereo and mono only.  There is a special documentary called \\"A Natural-Born World-Shaker: Making Cool Hand Luke.\\"  After doing some research you'll find this is not upgraded from the DVD at all.  This gets 5 stars from me, because simply, it's a film required for every film collection.  Being rated G it's good for the whole family and holds tons of moral stories for you.  Forget Disney, show your kids to reality, not brainwash.
B001ECQ75A|3.0|Kung Fu Panda is a beautifully drawn movie that should appeal to a broad audience, but more so for younger children. While I enjoyed it, I think it's far too predictable and not as in-depth as other works by Dreamworks or Pixar. The plot is very simple and it doesn't pretend to be otherwise and kids will really get a kick out of the humour. I found myself laughing once or twice.    The voice cast is really great especially Dustin Hoffman and Jack Black. Again, the animation is brilliant and certainly some of the finest I've seen in a long while. All in all, a simple but fun movie that the whole family will enjoy.
1416595546|4.0|Would not have been on my reading list, but glad I stretched my literary repertoire.     This book requires an investment of a couple hundred pages. (The first 2 parts.) But afterwards, you will be armed with the history and the facts you need to understand and savor Part 3.     Let me just put it this way, prepare yourself for the Young and the Restless meets the Bolsheviks. (But remember, the juicy parts will only be juicy after the initial investment of the first 250 pages.      Lots of Russian names (very difficult to pronounce), but the important ones stick after a while.     The novel invoked rage and anger in me toward communist Russia. All this talk about Socialism, but yet those well-connected to Lenin and Stalin lived like royalty.  Hypocrites if you ask me.     When I was finished, I wanted to run back in time to beat some sense into Stalin.     A tragic drama of epic proportions.
0545128285|4.0|I read this book in about half an hour. And I enjoyed every page. Yes it is primarily for children, as the 'tale's are like fairy tales for wizarding children, but I still loved reading them. They were delightful, straight to the point and each had a clear message.     I also enjoyed the 'notes' by Dumbledore after each tale. I thought it was cute and inventive of JK Rowling. Really, she can do no wrong and even with a book that's pretty juvenile, she still creates magic. Literally the only gripe I had is that there were not more of these wonderful tales.
B00005S6K6|4.0|bums me out they don't make good old fashioned drama/romance anymore, just \\"wacky\\" romantic comedies.  okay, 40 year old virgin is funny, but PLEASE, is it so hard for hollywood to give us a dramatic romance every now and then?  Please!
B001MYIXAC|2.0|I saw this film purely on great buzz. It made many 'top 10' lists in 2008 and I was curious about this film that I'd never heard of. I never saw a trailer and all I had to go on was a couple of wonderful reviews and a small blurb of a synopsis.    I am very open-minded when it comes to film. I love the horror genre as well as anything to do with vampires. And I usually like foreign horror. But I admit I was entirely dissapointed in Let The Right One In. It starts out promising but after that I felt nothing for the film, nor its characters.    This is not a horror film and should not be labeled as such. I'm not even talking about shock and gore. I'm talking about atmosphere. It was lacking. There was no sense of foreboding, no real mystery, nothing that made your spine tingle.     Yes, it is a romance of sorts and while it may be interesting in that regard, it still felt lacking. The main problem is that there is no backstory to the character of Eli. She is a vampire and she is 12 and has been for quite a while. That's all we know. I did some research after the film and found out from people that read the actual book what exactly happens to her. Her backstory sounded more heartbreaking than this entire film.  Without it, Eli was just a mysterious little vampire with an ambiguous past.     The acting was pretty good and I thought the actors who portrayed Eli and the bullied Oskar did a great job in that regard. When Eli very briefly reveals something pretty darn important about her past, it is not questioned by Oskar for even a second. Not even the fact that she is a vampire deters him or makes him blink. Some would call that sweet and romantic. I would call it unrealstic in any case.     I appreciate what the director was trying to accomplish, and maybe the actual book is very good, but as a movie, it feels very lacking and the ending leaves much to be desired. I swear Oskar's fate will be just like Eli's other caretaker/father/whatever he was supposed to be. And that is hardly what I would call a love story.    Update: Apparently, in the US version of the dvd, the subtitles get dumbed down big time. I just read this article and while I am not buying this dvd, I think it's important to get this info out for those interested:    [...]
B000683VI4|5.0|not sure writing a review is even necessary, theres 700 other reviews on this site alone, and if you havent heard of this movie, lets face it, its not your type of movie.  just had to mention its the greatest movie ever.  the end.
6305781427|4.0|Our enjoyment of music is based on many things: a mood, a feeling , a remembrance. I am not a real fan of New Age music but this concert has always interested me. I first saw it on VHS right after it came out and while not real thrilled thought it had potential.    I was reintroduced to the show when it was released on DVD. A friend said that I had to experience it and so I watched it one night and was more impressed than I had been on that night 15 years ago when I first saw it. Time changes us I guess I'm more open to this type of music than I was then.    Performed at the Herod Atticus Theatre at the foot of the Acropolis the show is a marvel of music and lighting. The music sometimes gentle sometimes bombastic feels right in this great venue. Yanni spends much of the time at the grand piano letting the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra take over many of the synthesized parts of the arrangements. The orchestra conducted by Shardad Rohani fills in the spaces in the prog rock format giving the music a fullness that fills the theatre.    There are highlights from his band also:a great drum solo by Charlie Adams, driving percussion by Michael Bruno and fiery violin solos by Karen Briggs.    While Yanni may not be to everyone's taste this is a good way to spend a couple of hours listening to music which you may not hear too often. Who knows you may even be taken aback by the experience. Recommended.
B0000AUHPK|5.0|Irritated beyond belief after hearing that annoying Kate Bush song \\"Wuthering Heights\\", I thought I'd rather be shot in the kneecap with a .22 then actually watch the movie. I finally gave in when Ralph Fiennes made a toss at it.   Most people already know the story of Heathcliff; humiliated as a child, he gets even with his tormentors when he grows up and his revenge isn't so sweet, least of all Heathcliff. I'm just going to focus on Fiennes in this review. He is so hot, it's unbelievable. This is the film that put him in my NUMBER ONE CELEBRITY CRUSH position, a title he still holds to this day. The looks he gives, I guess some people would say he's overacting but noooooo, he isn't. He's just so super hot some people can't handle what a `true player for reals' he is. You should totally buy this movie. It's only like $1.00 used but if you do buy it, I swear to God you'll be crushing on Ralph just like me.   And he's a really good actor, which you can tell because if you just watch him you can feel every word he says. He was trained at RADA and it's obvious he's a skilled actor, especially when he's beating on someone or slapping some chick or throwing dishes around. Also, I read that the girl that played Cathy, Juliette Binoche, had no formal training and was discovered working at Boots. I'm sorry but it shows. She was obviously English trying to do a French accent trying to do an English accent and I was like, just be English, duh.  This version of Wuthering Heights is the best because that Kate Bush song is not in it at all and because they used Ralph Fiennes for Heathcliff. The Ryuichi Sakamoto song was very irritating, too. It made me want to hurt myself and others so now I put on `mute' until I know for sure that part is over.
B001EO2UKO|3.0|It's an OK album... I loved her second album \\"Life for Rent\\" but unfortunately this one is, as many of the other reviewers have written, it's a bit of a disappointment: too little, too late.    :-(
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Duffy has a soulful sound reminiscent of the 60's but so refreshing. Love the songs and hope for much more from her.
074325144X|4.0|I just started running, and this is my first booked I've read based on the subject.  I'm not into the Tai' Chi philosophical part of the book, but I think there is some solid basis for many of the techniques described.  I've been working on the technique for a week now, and it does seem to be of benefit.  I haven't seen any huge leaps yet, but I wouldn't be surprised if I do as I get it down better.  Having a partner doing this with you would be of huge benefit.
B0000C3I6U|5.0|this is an extraordinary movie. it may not be for everyone, but it is unique in my movie-watching experience<br /><br />if you're interested in arnold schwarzenegger or the early culture of body-building, it's a no-brainer. see it<br /><br />arnold is charming, hilarious and incredibly intelligent - even when he describes missing his father's funeral because he has to stay focused on his competition in a couple months.. making up a different story for his mother<br /><br />otherwise: it's an intimate movie about men. how many of those have you seen?<br /><br />32 years doesn't seem like a huge period in the history of culture, but the movie tells a different story. can you imagine professional athletes hanging out with each other casually, and their parents? allowing intimate and unscripted filming of their private lives? elaborating at length on how lifting weights feels similar to coming sexually? smoking a celebratory joint for the camera?  i found it a fascinating cultural reference point in a variety of ways<br /><br />and the outfits? wow!!
0307386171|3.0|Ian McEwan writes a love story in \\"On Chesil Beach.\\"  Taking his time to bring us firmly into the wedding night anticipated by both Florence and Edward (Florence with fearful disgust of what is in store, and Edward in ecstatic longing), McEwan also carries us back into their courtship and into their own histories, so that by the time the wedding bed is reached, we are hoping  so much for the young couple that it will not be the disaster it portends to be.<br /><br />It is McEwan's ease with us, his taking the time to unfold slowly and easily, yet never dully or unnecessarily, the peculiar and unique circumstances of the two young people, that makes us complicit partners in the outcome.  Florence and Edward are as well known to us as they are to themselves, and certainly better known to us than to each other.  What is left unsaid between them -- what they do not know about each other --  is in the end the reason for great pain.  Because we know so much, we feel anguish; we feel real discomfort that we cannot reach across the pages and shake them each, just a little.<br /><br />Florence and Edward are not stock characters, one a musician of a privileged family, the other a historian from a thwarted family.  They are much more than their circumstances: they are unique responses to the facts of their background, and education, their choice in love and marriage, and their placement in time, just before a freeing up of sexual expression and frank talk.  But this is not a book about sex and one's appetite ( or not) for it.  It is a book about why these two people, in love and married, cannot talk about, or do, the things that will bring them together.  There is always a chasm of (mis)understanding between two people, always things we do not know or fully understand about the people we love so much.  It is the act of going across that chasm, with a gesture or a word, that creates a connection.  The understanding and the knowledge will never be complete, but our efforts at  connection can make up for our failures.<br /><br />McEwan is deeply romantic and I would argue that his deep romanticism is his only flaw, in that it leads him to write situations that do not resonate as truth.  After the whole book leads us willingly along because of its deep truthfulness -- we know and believe these characters completely -- we find ourselves suddenly jarred and shocked by the one act of omission that throws entire lives out of whack.  It just seems a bit much.  McEwan states: \\"This is how the entire course of a life can be changed -- by doing nothing.\\"  Yes, that's true; but in reality, between people in love (and not just romantic love), there is never just the one failure:  most of us will try again and again to connect with one we love.  We will let our loved one back in, perhaps too many times, to try again for a state of grace and understanding.  And as a realist, even a romantic realist, I argue that we have many chances to make good on our failures; not as many as we would wish for and maybe not as many as we need, but certainly we have more than just one try to get it right.  But maybe I am the deep romantic here, and McEwan the harsh realist.<br /><br />For more, go to [...]n make up for our failures.      McEwan is deeply romantic and I would argue that his deep romanticism is his only flaw, in that it leads him to write situations that do not resonate as truth.  After the whole book leads us willingly along because of its deep truthfulness -- we know and believe these characters completely -- we find ourselves suddenly jarred and shocked by the one act of omission that throws entire lives out of whack.  It just seems a bit much.   McEwan states: \\"This is how the entire course of a life can be changed -- by doing nothing.\\"  Yes, that's true; but in reality, between people in love (and not just romantic love), there is never just the one failure:  most of us will try again and again to connect with one we love.  We will let our loved one back in, perhaps too many times, to try again for a state of grace and understanding.  And as a realist, even a romantic realist, I argue that we have many chances to make good on our failures; not as many as we would wish for and maybe not as many as we need, but certainly we have more than just one try to get it right.  But maybe I am the deep romantic here, and McEwan the harsh realist.    For more, go to [...]
B001HPP2XW|5.0|Excellent!<br /><br />A word that can describe the Centennial Collection release of the 1961 film \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\", the classic romantic comedy starring Audrey Hepburn and George Peppard.<br /><br />Having reviewed previous versions of \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" before on DVD,  I'm sure many Audrey Hepburn fans are probably wondering how else can Paramount improve from the 2006 45th Anniversary Edition on DVD?  Well, I can tell you right now... plenty!  Please read on.<br /><br />A film that stars quite a bit of talent, \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" remains not just one of the most memorable romantic films of all time but a film that exemplifies the beauty of Audrey Hepburn, the chic style of the times and more (which I will discuss more in the special features portion of my review).<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />The film is presented in widescreen format, enhanced for 16:9 TV's.  A lot of the Centennial Collection releases have been remastered for high definition and having the previous DVD's, I can tell you that the DVD looks great.  But I can only imagine how this film would look in 1080P if released in Blu-ray.<br /><br />Audio is featured in Dolby Digital English 5.1 Surround/English, Restored Mono, French Mono and Spanish Mono.  The film of course is dialogue-driven but sure enough, the music of Harry Mancini is alive and well when blaring through your speakers.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />As mentioned before, there have been several releases of \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" prior to this Centennial Collection, the older DVD's really hardly came with anything but the trailer until the 2006 \\"Special 45th Anniversary Collector's Edition\\" which came with a good number of special features and a commentary by producer Richard Shepherd.<br /><br />Well, what I can tell you is that the Centennial Collection contains all of the special features from the Anniversary DVD release but also adds quite a few new lengthy featurettes as well.  On the first disc, the first disc contains the movie and the same commentary from the Anniversary disc by Producer Richard Shepherd.  You can tell that Shepherd gets drawn in to the film and doesn't speak in the commentary until he feels necessary.<br /><br />So, for those wanting a verbose commentary, Shepherd doesn't do that.  But it's actually quite fine because when he does speak, you learn a lot of things from him about the filming.  For example, the opening shot featuring Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's in Fifth Avenue.  Where the place is typically packed with cars and people, for that time... there was hardly any traffic and no people.  So, a very lucky time in filmmaking for the crew.<br /><br />Also, Shepherd is quite apologetic about casting Rooney as Mr. Funiyoshi and he does that quite a bit in the commentary.  You realized he didn't want the yellow face routine (Caucasian actor looking like an Asian stereotypical character) but it was kept in.  Also, commenting of how certain scenes worked then but would never fly now.  But most of all, his continued feeling of Audrey Hepburn as a class act.  Overall, a very good commentary that you learn a lot from.<br /><br />The special features on disc 2 are as follows:<br /><br />  * A Golightly Gathering - A 20-minute featurette that reunites the talents who were in the cocktail party scene from \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\".  One of the coolest parties ever on film, it's great to see the talent from the film reunite and discuss their experiences of filming that part scene 40-years later.  I had no idea the party-scene took 8-days to film but it was great to hear everyone talk about their scene, working with Audrey Hepburn, George Peppard and Blake Edwards.  But what a great featurette and so happy of it's inclusion.<br />  * Henry Mancini: More Than Music - This nearly 21-minute featurette is a wonderful featurette that features interviews with Henry Mancini's wife, daughter and son.  Seeing private photos and even videos of Henry and having their family talk about him and what they remember about him, winning the two Academy Awards for \\"Moon River\\" and working on other films is just wonderful.<br />  * Mr. Yunioshi: An Asian Perspective - A 17-minute featurette.  Despite the popularity of the film, the black cloud that has lingered on this film was the casting of Mickey Rooney as \\"Mr. Yunioshi\\".  A talented actor, the \\"yellow face\\" role was just wrong and acknowledge by the director, producer and a cast member was just terribly wrong in casting Rooney for that role.  This feature has interviews with representatives of the Media Action Network of Asian Americans.  I'm glad that Paramount did include this featurette on this collection.<br />  * The Making of a Classic - Originally from the Anniversary release, this segment features interviews with Producer Richard Shepherd and Director Blake Edwards.  A 16-minute featurette and you definitely learn a lot about the film, especially from Blake Edwards.  One could image how his director's commentary would have been if included, especially with what he had to say on this featurette.<br />  * It's So Audrey: A Style Icon - An eight minute featurette with interviews with designers, Hepburn's son and companion. How Audrey Hepburn made simple things quite sexy.  How Audrey never thought of her body proportions that sexy but she did have a good eye for style and how she became a fashion and style icon.<br />  * Behind the Gates: The Tour - This 4 minute featurette gives people a look behind the gates of the Paramount lot. A good promotional for those who would like to tour the Paramount lot.<br />  * Brilliance in a Blue Box - A six minute featurette about the history of Tiffany's.  Originally featured on the Anniversary DVD.<br />  * Audrey's Letter to Tiffany - A two minute featurette about the letter Audrey wrote for the preface of the 150th Anniversary book for Tiffany's.<br />  * Original Theatrical Trailer - The original two minute trailer with its dust, scratches and all.<br />  * Galleries - Featuring production stills, movie stills and publicity shots for the film.<br /><br />The Centennial Collection also comes with a booklet that features information of facts of the film, from how Capote wanted Marilyn Monroe for this film, information on Orangey the cat and how the \\"New York Site\\" that was filmed at the Paramount lot is now forever lost due to the big Paramount fire back in 1983 that destroyed historical sets.<br /><br />And the DVD is just classy with it's black and gold packaging (which most of the Centennial Collection are packaged) and ditching the pink and white packaging.<br /><br />I absolutely love this film.  From the memorable dialogue, that first scene with Holly standing in front of Tiffany's, the cocktail party, Holly Golightly singing \\"Moon River\\" on her guitar, the cat and of course the final scene between Holly and Paul.<br /><br />\\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" is a classic Audrey Hepburn film that is a must-own.  I know that the film has been re-released many times on DVD and the 45th Anniversary was just a pleasure when it first came out and at the time, it was a definitive release.  But now, with this \\"Centennial Collection\\" featuring a remastered version of the film and the new (and quite lengthy) featurettes that is included on this collection, this is the definitive version on DVD.<br /><br />Personally, I can only imagine how this would look once it becomes available on Blu-ray but for now, these Centennial Collections from Paramount are just wonderful.  Especially \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\", I'm really amazed how far Paramount went in order to make this release much more special.<br /><br />The addition of \\"A Golightly Gathering\\" featuring the actors who took part in that cocktail party was awesome, the Henry Mancini featurette for those who just love his musical work will love this featurette and of course, for those who have felt the pain of the \\"yellow face\\" segment in the film,Paramount going the extra step by including a featurette dedicate to that on this DVD.<br /><br />But in the end, this DVD is indeed a special tribute to Audrey Hepburn.  Hepburn is just an icon of style and elegance and this DVD does a great job of giving special attention to such an incredible film.  And after seeing this film so many time times, I still have not grown tired of it.  It's one special film that I highly recommendthe film.    The Centennial Collection also comes with a booklet that features information of facts of the film, from how Capote wanted Marilyn Monroe for this film, information on Orangey the cat and how the \\"New York Site\\" that was filmed at the Paramount lot is now forever lost due to the big Paramount fire back in 1983 that destroyed historical sets.    And the DVD is just classy with it's black and gold packaging (which most of the Centennial Collection are packaged) and ditching the pink and white packaging.    I absolutely love this film.  From the memorable dialogue, that first scene with Holly standing in front of Tiffany's, the cocktail party, Holly Golightly singing \\"Moon River\\" on her guitar, the cat and of course the final scene between Holly and Paul.    \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" is a classic Audrey Hepburn film that is a must-own.  I know that the film has been re-released many times on DVD and the 45th Anniversary was just a pleasure when it first came out and at the time, it was a definitive release.  But now, with this \\"Centennial Collection\\" featuring a remastered version of the film and the new (and quite lengthy) featurettes that is included on this collection, this is the definitive version on DVD.    Personally, I can only imagine how this would look once it becomes available on Blu-ray but for now, these Centennial Collections from Paramount are just wonderful.  Especially \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\", I'm really amazed how far Paramount went in order to make this release much more special.    The addition of \\"A Golightly Gathering\\" featuring the actors who took part in that cocktail party was awesome, the Henry Mancini featurette for those who just love his musical work will love this featurette and of course, for those who have felt the pain of the \\"yellow face\\" segment in the film, Paramount going the extra step by including a featurette dedicate to that on this DVD.    But in the end, this DVD is indeed a special tribute to Audrey Hepburn.  Hepburn is just an icon of style and elegance and this DVD does a great job of giving special attention to such an incredible film.  And after seeing this film so many time times, I still have not grown tired of it.  It's one special film that I highly recommend
B000002UAU|2.0|Let me start by stating the obvious.    Amazon reviews (such as the one you're reading right now) are not written by professional critics. They're not in-depth essays, they're not artistic appreciations, they're not swiftly-worded polemics, and they're certainly not  works of music criticism (or literary criticism, or film criticism, or wicker furniture criticism, or whatever it is that you happen to be shopping for). They are tools intended to help potential customers make buying decisions. A good Amazon review suggests an answer to the question \\"should I spend my hard-earned dough on this product?\\" Four and five star reviews say \\"yes,\\" three star reviews say \\"maybe\\" and one and two star reviews say \\"no.\\"     When you consider purchasing a product, you are essentially asking yourself the following question: \\"Does the amount of happiness I stand to receive from this item equal or exceed, when translated into dollar terms, the amount of money I'd spend on it?\\" Happiness being a subjective quality, this isn't an easy question to answer. Reviews allow consumers to estimate their potential gains.     Now, music is art, but there's no reason why we shouldn't think of art as a simple commodity. Everything that we buy, we buy because we hope that it'll improve (or maintain) the quality of our lives. In that sense, art fulfills the same function as a toaster. Which is to say that when you buy an album, you're in the market for music that will make you happy (here I'm using \\"happy\\" in a very loose sense, and I'm referring more to, uh, \\"spiritual fulfillment\\" 'n' junk than the capacity to induce a smile. The works of Leonard Cohen don't exactly put a spring in my step, but at some very profound level, they make me happy, even as they break my heart). In other words, you're in the market for music that you'll enjoy listening to (here I'm using \\"enjoy\\" in a very loose sense, blah blah blah). In still other words, you're in the market for a compact disc that, when inserted intoa a CD player and set into motion, will produce sounds that are pleasing to the ear.    You are NOT, despite what you may think, shopping for \\"historical significance.\\" An album is historically significant whether you buy it or not. Paying for it and receiving a physical copy of it will not make you appreciate its historical value any more than you already do. I don't need a scale model of the Battle of Waterloo to appreciate the collapse of Napoleon Bonaparte's grandiose ambition. Nor, I suspect, do you. By that same token, purchasing a historically significant album doesn't cause you to \\"own a piece of history.\\" A signed  first-pressing (read: old vinyl) edition might, but it's hard to find that sort of thing on Amazon.     Nor should you consider buying an album because of its influence. Influence is a quality that is only directly of use to those artists that were influenced. Liking Scott Walker doesn't mean that you'll enjoy Jacques Brel simply because the latter influenced the former. Now, there's nothing wrong with thinking that you may enjoy the music on an album because a favorite artist tends to praise said album, as long as you recognize that this praise serves the same function as a good Amazon review. Influence is an occasionally useful indicator, not an intrinsically good quality that elevates a work of art independently of other factors.     Which brings us to this album.    Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is a cultural milestone, a quintessential snapshot of the Summer of Love, an epic juncture in the history of rock 'n' roll, a shot across the bow at those who don't believe in the artistic potential of pop music, the first album to include printed lyrics, a cathartic moment in the Beatles' increasingly hectic collective career, a reply to Pet Sounds, the number one entry on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Albums Of All Time, and a critical sacred cow from the day of its release.    My review concerns itself with none of this.    See, all of the aforementioned qualities are completely extrinsic to whether or not you actually have a copy of this album. You shouldn't care what Rolling Stone thinks, and you shouldn't be reading about this album's historical impact from an Amazon review, because you're looking for an enjoyable listening experience, not a history lesson. Yes, the history is important and interesting, but there are whole books about that stuff.    All of which is my long, long, long prelude to one very simple statement: I don't like listening to this album. Most of the songs are worthless, stupid, dull, ponderous, grating, dated, and endlessly self-involved. \\"When I'm Sixty-Four,\\" \\"Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite!,\\" \\"Lovely Rita,\\" and \\"Good Morning Good Morning\\" are stuffed with transparent gimmickry and lazily disguised pretension. The title trick is a shambling, plodding rocker with phoned-in vocals. \\"With A Little Help From My Friends\\" and \\"Getting Better\\" are big 'n' famous, but to my ears they fall quite squarely into \\"it's alright, I guess...\\" territory. \\"She's Leaving Home\\" goes for emotional resonance but plays like dull melodrama. \\"Fixing A Hole\\" is catchy, but minor.     It's all so incredibly mundane. The Beatles were capable of so, so much more. Revolver is a masterpiece, and so is Rubber Soul. Heck, Magical Mystery Tour quite soundly defeats Sgt. Pepper's in the \\"Beatles' psychedelic masterpiece\\" sweeps. If MMT had \\"Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds\\" and \\"A Day In The Life\\" on it instead of this record, then Sgt. Pepper's would have no business being in your music collection at all. As it stands, the two aforementioned songs are really the only reason that I'd want to recommend this thing on purely musical grounds.    In other words,  I really don't like listening to this album, and I don't think that you will either, and I hope that you don't spend, like, twenty bucks on it.
B001DHXT2A|5.0|The Incredible Hulk. The title itself is great. Just to start things off. Edward Nortan stars in this sci-fi film about how a man always has something inside him. Something that has a bad temper. Something thats INCREDIBLE. I won't give away much as some of you don't want to hear any major spoilers. I will go by each disc and break down the major things contained on it.    DISC 1  -The film The Incredible Hulk. As with all dvds it has language, subtitles, and all of that stuff.  DISC 2  -This is the ultimate disc!!! On this disc are 17 deleted scenes! That alone is fantastic. Then is has the making of the Incredible Hulk, how they filmed some of the battle scenes from the movie, an alternate opening to the movie, and oh soooo much more I cannot remember because I have a friend borrowing it right now!   DISC 3  -The digital copy to the film. Even as we speak I have the movie right o my mac computer! And also on a video iPod! Digital copys are becoming very popular. And they are also very handy as if you have someone borrowing the movie (as in my case) you can watch it on your computer! The digital copy is a must. And the quality is very nice too, I might add.    Now lets move on to the effects. I cannot explain how amazing the special effects are in this movie. The hulk himself looks more realistic than ever before. I have never seen the 2003 version, but I can imagine this version is A LOT better! The movie has almost no \\"bad scenes\\" in it. When the back of the dvd says \\"brief suggestive content\\" they aren't kidding about \\"brief\\". The suggestive content lasts for about 15 seconds and then the movie continues. It does have a PG-13 rating for a reason, though. If you buy this movie, be prepared for violence. There is really not much blood as such. Its just how many people are killed that makes the violence level go up. So don't be fooled by that. Overall, this movie is great and I definitely recommend this to you!!!
0143036424|3.0|I really enjoyed this feeling of this book.  I have visited only briefly in South Dakota with a short day trip into Wyoming and this book really made me wish I could spend more time there.  I didn't think the \\"killer\\" was the best choice for the plot and the plot device attempting to link a past situation with a present crime didn't make much sense - the two are not really the same type of crime.  I did not believe that the killer's situation would have laid the foundation for the later crimes.  I'd also say it's a bit long and over-written in spots.  Some of the hallucinatory/magical realism parts could be trimmed back - we GET it - it's a Native American mystical thing! But the book is fun, exciting in spots and enjoyable.
159448385X|5.0|I am in love with this book.  Absolutely amazing!  I could not put it down and finished it in two days.  This is a must read.
1416511946|4.0|I found myself at Barnes & Noble today, as I do on most Sundays, just browsing. I headed over to the \\"music\\" section to see if they had any good instructional books for guitar or piano. I saw the cover for \\"The Heroin Diaries\\" and remembered a friend had mentioned it about a year ago. I picked it up, flipped through the magazine-like pages and read a few excerpts.     I brought the book home around 1:30pm today. I am writing this review at 9:47pm and am more than half way through the book.     As the title to my review states, I don't even like Motley Crue; don't own any of their albums and you won't find any of their tracks on my iPod. But one thing is for sure: the stories told by some of their members are damn entertaining.     I haven't been this wrapped up in a book for a LONG time.
B000ZN802W|5.0|With so much Hollywood garbage forced down our throats in the form of overblown budgets, bad and superficial computer graphics, and explosions in place of substance, Penn's \\"Into the Wild\\" brings us back to a simple and powerful film that makes us look at the money-driven species we've become and the soulless idols we worship. This is a great movie because it is scary to see how many of us have lost the way in favor of material things we never needed but always felt compelled to buy. Hal Bolbrook's scene is one of the most memorable and emotional. Sean Penn continues to try to help us become better people with this picture.
B00005JPSM|3.0|A pleasant, entertaining remake of the 2001 German-language film, \\"Mostly Martha\\".  Slicker and less complex than the original film, \\"No Reservations\\" is nevertheless warmly filmed and warmly acted, and will capably provide an evening of quality home entertainment to those who take the plunge.  Appealing actors, many \\"joy of good food\\" moments, a few misty-eyed scenes, later happy developments, what more can one want?  Every movie doesn't have to be dense and complex.  The DVD features excellent picture and sound, and a twenty-minute \\"behind the scenes of the film\\" piece that originally appeared (appropriately enough) on the Food Channel.
1591841666|2.0|There must be well over five thousand self-help books now since the self-help movement began in the mid-sixties, and \\"The Dip\\" is the next evolution of titles that gets you to exchange your money for wisdom you can find on bumper stinkers. The formula, which was once a sprawling set of lists and rules to remember (here's the \\"ten steps to success,\\" here's the \\"twenty-one stages of recovery,\\" here's the \\"cave of the unknown,\\" the \\"palace of infinite possibilities\\" - are you sick yet?), is now collapsed into short books like this kind, full of different fonts and bold, italic or underlined type telling you everything you already know or at least suspected but now you're just a little bit poorer for pinning your hopes of changing on yet another book about how to live your life by a man you don't know nor will ever meet. The mildly amusing author explains that dreams and hopes must be worked hard for, but the price is ascending the mountain - totally profound. What I most objected to (and I read this book at Borders) is his assumption that people who are average in their skills are losers. Only the best are winners. Do you really need this kind of therapy? Do you really want to feel like garbage again? Buy this book then. I've learned to avoid this new wave of self-hurt books and to keep my money in a bank. I may not be growing, but at least I know my money is.
0316017922|5.0|I enjoyed and got a lot more out of this book than \\"Tipping Point\\", Malcolm Gladwell's first book. First off, it is a very delightful and entertaining read. Gladwell is a master story teller. He creates suspense out of ordinary stories that we have all experienced in life. His technique reminded me of the ones the brothers Heath recommended in their wonderful book, \\"Made to Stick\\". \\"Outliers\\" consists of numerous well told stories which help Gladwell make the point that often success is wrongly overly attributed to pure talent.    Much of the criticism directed at Gladwell is valid, but readers must remember that the author is tackling a social science - not a hard science like physics or chemistry. Why is Bill Gates so successful? Gladwell offers one theory and of course there may be many more different ways of looking at his success. There is no correct answer as to why some succeed but Gladwell makes a convincing argument for the roles of hard work (he argues that one needs 10,000 hours of practice) and environment. He argues that environment is ultimately a function of luck. For example, you have a much better chance of playing professional hockey in Canada if you are born at the beginning of a given year. Gladwell also inverts the problem by looking at various stories of  failure such as why Korean pilots were so much more likely to crash. Gladwell also does great service by taking on cultural and race issues head on, a sensitive topic that many authors may find difficult to write about. For example, he analyzes why Chinese are good in math. Naturally readers are not going to agree (I certainly did not) with everything Gladwell argues, but that does not make the book any worse. He gives readers a lot to think about while being extremely entertaining.    Gladwell is a very talented writer who has clearly put in 10,000 hours practicing his skills and has been lucky to have been given the opportunity to put those skills to use. I highly recommend this brilliant book.
B001K98MFU|1.0|GitS 2 is a confused mis-mash of CGI and traditional Japanese animation. The CGI is completely out of place and it distracts the viewer, not letting them into the story. It has the makings for a good story, but the presentation is simply awful.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|One thing before you disagree or knock down my review by not-recommending it - Judas Priest will not stop from being who they are just because they wanted to try something different. At least thinking that way encourages...<br /><br />However, I had high hopes for this double release but at the end I caught myself asleep right after \\"Sand of Time\\" finished. I was expecting rip roaring guitars and Halford's vocal depth but it never happened. Yes, the orchestra adds a depth to the music but as a Priest fan all I need from them is fast and furious headbanging sound that makes you want to scream. That's Priest!<br /><br />Judas Priest wanted a concept album instead they put their real fans to bed. This album doesn't have that \\"kicker\\" song or anything to be recognized by. It's all symphonic and they are supposed to be heavy. Somebody said \\"Jugulator\\" was bad. Well, I'll take it before this mediocre release anytime.<br /><br />Opera & sympho metal fans will buy Avantasia if they crave for such a sound and stuff, but please let us Priest fans listen to real JP.
B00028HBKM|5.0|Mel Gibson's [[ASIN:B00028HBKM The Passion of the Christ (Widescreen 9Edition)]] (2004) is obviously a film about the Crucifixion of Jesus Christ and the several hours leading up to the event. The movie's title explains it. The American Heritage Dictionary (Second College Edition) lists as one of it's definitions of Passion:<br /><br />5. Passion. a. The sufferings of Christ in the period following the Last Supper and including the Crucifixion. b. A narrative of this, as in one of the Gospels, or a musical setting or serial pictorial representation of it.<br /><br />There has been a lot of criticism of this controversial film, and while everybody is certainly entitled to their opinion, I think that most of the complaints actually reveal more about the critics than the film. Chances are that these people will not like The Passion:<br /><br />1. Atheists/Agnostics who see all believers as gullible and this film as an exploitation device.<br /><br />2. People who dislike Mel Gibson<br /><br />3.Country Club Christians who think that the film is too violent, and that it doesn't focus enough on the teachings of Jesus.<br /><br />4. People who think the film unfairly places blame on the Jews for Jesus' arrest and death.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00028HBKM The Passion of the Christ (Widescreen Edition)]] is a movie that I believe Gibson made with the faithful followers of Jesus as his target audience. It's a difficult film to watch, and non-believers really won't find much reason (other than to look for imperfections) to sit through it and watch the lusty and senseless slaughter of the innocent Lamb of God.<br /><br />The movie was filmed in Italy and is a visual wonder. The music is especially inspiring (the film was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Cinematography and Best Original Score). The actors speak in Aramaic, Latin and Hebrew (with subtitles).<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00028HBKM The Passion of the Christ (Widescreen Edition)]] isn't a documentary or docu-drama; it tells the story of an event. Some folks believe that Gibson went overboard with the violence in the film to make a personal statement, but I disagree. I think that Gibson made this film to inspire people and offer them hope. Some reviewers have mistakenly commented that Jesus was not whipped or beaten while in captivity.<br /><br />Then he released Barabbas to them. But he had Jesus flogged, and handed him over to be crucified.<br /><br />Matthew 27:26 NIV<br /><br />The Passion inspires by bringing to light the divine example of how Jesus endured even the most horrible, unjust and cruel punishment with dignity, fortitude and forgiveness. Jesus suffered just like we all do, and we can learn from and be inspired by His example. [[ASIN:B00028HBKM The Passion of the Christ (Widescreen Edition)]] is remarkable, not because of the proverbial wisdom or supernatural abilities of the Son of God, but for the human fragility and steadfast devotion of the Son of Man.th the violence in the film to make a personal statement, but I disagree. I think that Gibson made this film to inspire people and offer them hope. Some reviewers have mistakenly commented that Jesus was not whipped or beaten while in captivity.    Then he released Barabbas to them. But he had Jesus flogged, and handed him over to be crucified.    Matthew 27:26 NIV    The Passion inspires by bringing to light the divine example of how Jesus endured even the most horrible, unjust and cruel punishment with dignity, fortitude and forgiveness. Jesus suffered just like we all do, and we can learn from and be inspired by His example. [[ASIN:B00028HBKM The Passion of the Christ (Widescreen Edition)]] is remarkable, not because of the proverbial wisdom or supernatural abilities of the Son of God, but for the human fragility and steadfast devotion of the Son of Man.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I bought this DVD after being a fan of the Biggest Loser, and Jillian definitely delivers. Even though each workout is only 20 minutes, I'm always dripping with sweat by the time it's over. Prior to getting this DVD, I had already lost 50 pounds (less than 40 more to go), so I was at a pretty decent fitness level by the time I started 30 Day Shred. That said, I wouldn't really recommend this DVD for someone who is new to working out. If you're already at an average/intermediate fitness level, this will definitely add some spice to your routine.
B0016CP1Q4|5.0|[[ASIN:B0016CP1Q4 Copperhead Road]] (1988) was Steve Earle's declaration of independence from the Nashville establishment, and it also became an important milestone in the early years of the alt-country music movement. Instrumentally diverse, the songs feature a mandolin, dobro, banjo, pedal steel, lap steel and harmonica rocking with the electric guitars, piano and drums. Celtic/outlaw-country/rock n' roll/bluegrass. There's plenty of attitude here, too.<br /><br />Think backwoods whiskey stills and pot farms, trouble with the law, guns, Vietnam Vets and desperado love songs here. Steve Earle knows his way around just fine, and he's quite capable of weaving interesting yarns that effectively bring the tough people, places and situations he sings about to life. On [[ASIN:B0016CP1Q4 Copperhead Road]], Earle looks and sounds like a southern biker version of Springsteen/Mellencamp. One who can't seem to stay out of trouble. He does surprise us with the tender alt-bluegrass of Nothing But A Child, a touching meditation on the birth of Jesus that's very enjoyable.<br /><br />The Devil's Right Hand tells the tale of a 19th Century teenager and his fascination with guns, which eventually gets him into trouble after he shoots a miner who cheated him in a card game.<br /><br />Not guilty I said, You've got the wrong man<br />Nothing touched the trigger but the devil's right hand<br /><br />The title song tells the story of an Army veteran who returns home to the family moonshine business in Tennessee after two tours of duty in Vietnam. He has PTSD and a new plan to grow Columbian and Mexican marijuana for profit.<br /><br />Well the D.E.A.'s got a chopper in the air<br />I wake up screaming like I'm back over there<br />I learned a thing or two from ol' Charlie don't you know<br />You better stay away from Copperhead Road<br /><br />This Deluxe Edition of [[ASIN:B0016CP1Q4 Copperhead Road]] features a bonus disc that includes seventeen live recordings from shows in Raleigh, North Carolina and Calgary, Canada. This is great stuff here, and Earle performs live versions of Bruce Springsteen's Nebraska, The Rolling Stones' Dead Flowers, Gram Parsons' Wheels, and his own Guitar Town, the hit single from his debut album.<br /><br />If you're a Steve Earle fan, don't miss out on this deluxe version of [[ASIN:B0016CP1Q4 Copperhead Road]]. Either one of these two discs is worth the price of admission here, but both of them together in one package make this a must-have.<br /><br />\\"...Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand.\\"nd Earle performs live versions of Bruce Springsteen's Nebraska, The Rolling Stones' Dead Flowers, Gram Parsons' Wheels, and his own Guitar Town, the hit single from his debut album.     If you're a Steve Earle fan, don't miss out on this deluxe version of [[ASIN:B0016CP1Q4 Copperhead Road]]. Either one of these two discs is worth the price of admission here, but both of them together in one package make this a must-have.     \\"...Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand.\\"
B000002TQV|5.0|I bought this album when it first came out when I was about 16 and I still listen to it and love.  It's rare when an album can be a part of your life for so long.
B001DTPZNY|4.0|I like the first Indiana Jones movies a lot (especially the third one). I haven't bought them yet but if I do buy them I will want this one to be along side them. I have many reservations about Crystal Skull (I rate it fourth best) but it's not horrible and I'll try to defend that position.    My theory about why this one is getting a cold reception with the fans is that it doesn't feel like a true Indiana Jones movie. It feels more like Indiana Jones meets the X-Files because there is stuff about aliens and even different dimensions. I don't think it's a perfect marriage but I do like Indiana Jones and I like the X-Files. And I should be a little more open minded. Aliens are just as believable and out of the ordinary as lost arcs that kill everyone that opens them or magic stones that make crops grow. So it is somewhat strange that everyone is moaning about aliens being involved as if that took away its credibility.    In my younger days, I played Nintendo a lot. And I would compare this movie to \\"Mario 2\\" from the famous Nintendo series Super Mario Bros. If you ever bought and played all of the classic games from the 80s and 90s you know that \\"Super Mario Bros 2\\" seems different from all the other Mario games because it was adopted from another Japanese game that had nothing to do with Mario. Yet it still was an okay game. I played it a lot and I beat it a lot. And so I am loath to condemn this one just because it's different from the others. The truth is it's okay.    That said, like everyone else I do have some reservations about it...    The very first scene where you see the CGI gopher gives you a good idea of what is to come. It's a bad omen. And I think it's a good symbol of what is wrong with this movie. It would look so much better if they had used a real gopher, right? I mean, it would have been cheaper. It would have looked more real (obviously). And it would have been more consistent with the previous movies which don't use CGI. Yet do they still decideto use a CGI gopher? You betcha.    And that kid with the hair that constantly needs to be combed kind of sucks at acting. Obviously he's supposed to be a young version of Indy and there is, in fact, a SHOCKING plot twist (Yes, I'm being sarcastic). And apparently he has some sort of supernatural power to control monkeys (I wish I was being sarcastic but I'm not). But he's just a pale shadow of Indiana Jones.    I'm not a fan of Kate Blanchette either and I don't think she's as good as some of the other villains Indy has faced. I didn't think she came across as someone you thought was pure evil like that creepy guy who got his hand burned in the first movie. She was only okay. And the lack of a truely convincing villain makes this one a notch below the other movies in terms of tension.    There are other missgivings about this movie but I think other people have written about them in good detail.    The strongest thing about this movie is without a doubt Harrison Ford and I'm pleased to see that he can still crack a whip. And I do think this movie will eventually be accepted by Indy fans. It's nothing as bad as \\"Phantom Menace\\" was to Star Wars because that was almost 100% CGI (and not good CGI) and even had fart jokes.
B00104W8T6|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I bought the album and then listened to it on repeat for hours.  It's quirky and sweet and honest.  I love it!
B0013ND30M|5.0|I ordered for my grandaughter for Christmas. They offered free shipping and I was surprised how quickly it still arrived. My grandaughter just loves the movie.  The price was below the store price. WOW. Every Christmas gift should be so easy and make the recipient so happy.
B000002UR7|4.0|Radiohead's first album is not their best, but it showed that they had promise and they proved it with their follow-ups.  It's a great debut and the beginning of one of the best bands of this generation.
B000YKG5L4|5.0|Amazing CD well worth $8.  One Republic is one of my favorite bands now I have downloaded the entire CD!
B001GZ6QC4|1.0|This is definitely not a family movie.  PG-13 is a joke.  The amount of violence is overbearing for younger audiences.    After watching Iron Man, the Dark Knight didn't compare.  You'll be disappointed.  Wait a while a looking for something better.    This movie doesn't do Batman justice.  There have been so many better Batman movies that this one puts an arrow through your heart.  Michael Caine must have needed to money to play in the movie.
B0013ND30W|3.0|Woe is me!    I've been looking forward to this most recent release of Sleeping Beauty for a long time - my VHS tape was wearing out, and when my young son discovered the film, it was getting significantly higher playing time.  It is, in my opinion, the best of the classic Disneys (herein defined as those that Walt personally supervised).  Thus, it was was with great relish that I made this my first-ever Blu-ray purchase.    The film itself is as good as ever, obviously.  The sound has been cleaned up some, but is still not fantastic.  That's okay, because there's something charming about the thin-ness of these old films.  The video looks better than ever.  The extras are numerous and range from ho-hum to fascinating.  The audio commentary by Pixar guru John Lassiter, film critic Leonard Maltin, and others is informative but unspectacular - it tends to cheerleading at times.  There is a Wonderful World of Disney fictionalised account of Tchaikovsky's life, most interesting as a period example of what was being shown on the WWD TV show.    In fact, Disney really dug around in its vault for this disc!  Also included is a short film on the Grand Canyon (apparently the preview short shown in the theatrical run) and another WWD episode on the making of the film.  The best extra, though, is a short film (15 minutes) on four Disney animators playing artist for the day.  They all take the same subject (a particular tree) and make a \\"picture\\" of it.  The four pictures are as diverse as the personalities of the artists, and makes for an interesting case study, as well as showing art in progress.  There are also a number of original songs that were written before the decision was made to blend in the Tchaikovsky ballet score, so they sound more like traditional Disney pop songs.    So why the 3-star rating?  Well, this Blu-ray disc was so incredibly annoying that I wish I'd bought the DVD instead.  The menus are not easily navigated and worst of all, if you stop the playback,there is no memory, it simply re-starts from the very beginning (including the FBI copyright warning and the ads - and WHY MUST I WATCH ADS WHEN I'VE PAID GOOD MONEY FOR A DISC! ARGH!).  This is not a problem with my Blu-ray player (a PS3-80GB) as all the other DVDs and Blu-rays I've tried retain memory of location and will not restart cold, even when ejected from the machine.    My recommendation: buy the DVD instead.  You don't get the same number of extras, but there are lots on the Platinum edition, including the commentary and the alternate songs.
0451205766|3.0|As a big fan of the Godfather movies (well, who isn't?), I was curious to read the book on which they were based. While I wouldn't go so far as to call this \\"hackwork\\", like some of the reviewers, I certainly agree that it was Francis Ford Coppola's screen adaptations that immortalized a rather run-of-the mill book.<br /><br />To be sure, the book has some vivid creations (the horse's head incident, the mafia conference, the whole conceit of honorable mafiosi) but I found myself wondering if my enjoyment derived mainly from the impressions I retained from the movies, rather than from anything inherent in the book. The writing is prosaic and repetitive, unnecessarily vulgar (with long disquisitions on Sonny's penis and his goombada's vaginal malformation), and Puzo bizarrely focuses an inordinate amount of pages on boring peripheral characters like Johnny Fontane, Sonny's ex-mistress and her new boyfriend.<br /><br />In addition, his characters just don't seem to have any flesh on them. Puzo provides a lot of facts about them (the Godfather's sexual rectitude, Sonny's teenage criminality, etc.) but they still seem like shadows in comparison to what we saw on screen. Marlon Brando told us more about Don Corleone with one glance than did all the backstory that Puzo wrote for the character. So, read it if you must, but know that anything of value in it was infinitely improved by being translated to film.
0783219695|5.0|It seems impossible to think that an Oscar-nominated film (in several major categories) could be considered \\"under-rated.\\"  But this is certainly the case with Apollo 13.  Perhaps Ron Howard's best film, it is an exciting, harrowing, and ultimately rewarding film-watching experience that doesn't let you down on repeated viewings.  Howard brings out the most in his cast - the casual viewer will be surprised at the depth and nuance the performances of Gary Sinese and Bill Paxton.  This is also Kevin Bacon's breakout role (with Mystic River).  I would even go so far as to say this might be Tom Hanks greatest performance - yes, even better than \\"Philadelphia\\", \\"Forrest Gump\\", or \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" (it is most similar to the last, perhaps unsurprisingly as his Apollo 13 character is an Air Force officer).  But the performances are only part of the puzzle.  The filming - much of it in sets built for microgravity filming in a NASA training plane - is a remarkable feat of cinematic sleight of hand, and I am still shocked and dismayed that Howard did not win the \\"best director\\" Oscar.  There has never been a movie that uses special effects so effectively as this one.    The story is likely well-known to most: the 3rd American mission to the moon suffers a catestrophic failure when a fuel cell blows up, leaving the three astronauts aboard with little power and no hope of rescue.  Howard dishes out the drama in stages, as first the oxygen tanks leak out, to the temperature dropping, to erratic course corrections, to gradual poisoning of the atmosphere on the ship by respired carbon dioxide.  He does not neglect the peripheral members of the NASA team, and pays special attention to Lovell's wife and family.  The IMAX version, some 15 minutes shorter, is also included on this Anniversary Edition.  It's instructive to note that the longer version is a more effective film, since he spends more time developing the relationships that allow us to care for the characters.    For those that have seen the movie many times, I would direct them to the making-of features as a reason to buy this bargain-priced DVD.  Of most interest to me was the audio commentary by Apollo 13 commander Jim Lovell.  He is candid about where the film fails to accurately portray either the science or the details of the actual mission, while Ron Howard's commentary explains why these changes were made cinematically (as an example - the film shows Mattingly in the simulator exclusively, while in reality there were three simulators and teams of astronauts working in them all simultaneously).  Lovell's wife Marilyn (portrayed by Kathleen Quinlin in the film) is also part of the commentary, and her input is equally valuable.  One amusing part is the discussion of miniskirts:    Jim: \\"Hey, they dressed Kathleen in miniskirts through this whole movie.  Did you really wear them that much?\\"  Marilyn: \\"Well, it was the style at the time...\\"    To sum up, this is a 5-star movie on a 5-star DVD.
B001KVZ6BG|5.0|Essentially, this movie is about a bum who rises to become a millionaire through a famous TV show that was all the craze in India shortly after it was big in the US. There's more to the story than this, but I really don't want to spoil anything. Other than being set in India, I never felt compelled to see this film, especially after the Totally Rad Show's verdict was not to seek it out, but my sister-in-law loved it enough to convince us, and it was definitely a pleasant surprise.<br /><br />Though the director isn't Indian so technically this isn't a Bollywood movie, I really wish that we had more Bollywood movies like this. A movie like this could definitely make an Indian man feel more proud about his country's cinema. I understand that Bollywood musicals have their place and I'm fine with that, I just wish it would produce films like this that cast India in this light that the world doesn't see: ugliness and beauty all at once permeating the streets. Any scenes that were set on the streets definitely gave me that vibe, and the cinematography was a big part of that. I didn't like how often the camera tried to give the audience a vertigo effect, but other than that it was quite impressive. The casting choices reminded me of Pan Labyrinth in that each one seemed to fit perfectly since these are actors/actresses you've never seen before and they do such a great job of portraying these characters that you don't imagine them in a world outside this movie. The music in this movie was also something that stood out to me: every song really held its own and they've since been stuck in my head at random times because their poignancy really resonated with me.<br /><br />If all those things weren't enough, it was one of those movies where we were talking about it long after we left the theater and debating motivations and plot points and such. Even though it can try to be too obvious at times with themes and symbols, you can forgive it because it tells the story so well. I was worried that parts of the movie would feel contrived, but I thought that things flowed rather smoothly. If I had one complaint about this film, it would probably be that the pacing felt a bit off. It definitely felt like a long movie, and it was only 2 hours long. I strongly recommend running out and catching this movie if it's playing in your city, or keeping it in mind to rent later this year if you can't see it now. I give it an A+ and say that it's worth seeking out because I feel like it tells a very unique story in a great way and it does suspense so well that I'd compare that element of it to the likes of 24.parts of the movie would feel contrived, but I thought that things flowed rather smoothly. If I had one complaint about this film, it would probably be that the pacing felt a bit off. It definitely felt like a long movie, and it was only 2 hours long. I strongly recommend running out and catching this movie if it's playing in your city, or keeping it in mind to rent later this year if you can't see it now. I give it an A+ and say that it's worth seeking out because I feel like it tells a very unique story in a great way and it does suspense so well that I'd compare that element of it to the likes of 24.
B000NTPDSW|5.0|THE GODFATHER (1972) was clearly ahead of its time, when it was  released, from its many aspects and from its 3 hour duration, much  can be said of it, mostly about Mario Puzo's imagination and  personality.    First, many will be critical of Puzo's opinion that Italian  civilization is the peak in human achievement, comprising wine from  grapes, olive oil, a peak in culture development comprising  sophisticated music, cuisine, high standard of etiquette, complex  marriage, baptism, funeral rites and ceremonies, multi-generational  households with grand parents and grand children living under the  same roof, etc. As such, this movie is an emotional outburst and a  shout to the world \\" I love Italy\\" which is not suprising, for an  Italian book author.    Secondly, in addition to the tribalism, another weakness is the  nostalgia expressed in the movie, such as being 21 years old again,  finding a spouse, entering adulthood and marriage, with all the  pressures that entails, the joy of Christmas and the family, etc.  This generosity by Puzo is in a part a gift to the feminine viewers  in providing entertainment, by underlining the personal, intimate  aspects of relationships, emotions, the birth of children, schools,  playgrounds, etc. But it shows that a man is multi-dimenensiol.    Clearly it is unrealistic to suggest that most or many Italian  Americans originate from cow pasture, bare mountain spots in Sicily,  from poverty stricken villages. In fact, Italy was and still is one  of the most prosperous nations on the Earth, and only a tiny fraction  of its population emigrated, the rest staying behind, most with full,  natural lives, obviously.    Thirdly, the movie shows a reluctance or a hesitance in the Italian  ethnic members in USA, in integrating into the mainstream culturally,  behaviorally, socially, such as, for example, in terms of the  sexually liberal conduct typical of  American. Puzo transposes his  own reluctance in letting go of his European and OldWorld beliefs  and values vs. present day-to-day society in USA. This is not  realistic, as 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants, for the most part,  lose all notion of their ancestors' language, cuisine, traditions,  ceremonial requirements, religious behaviors, etc, and that includes  Italian-Americans, clearly fully joining the mainstream.    Those aspects are only liablilities for those who do not descend from  Roman European countries, while for those who do descend, they are  curiousities, and paradigms, interesting observations.    The positives of this movie, is the full spectrum of emotions, wide  range of  experiences shown that comprise a human being ... the film  does require 3 hours to show those and does it well.    A surprising suggestion from Puzo, is that a Santa-Claus twin existed  in the USA at the turn of the 20th century, handing out favors, jobs,  contracts, promotions, justice as he saw fit, and people would turn  to him endlessly as if he was a witch doctor solving those ills that  nowhere and nobody else could solve, such as through the justice  system, a capitalist market, the responsible, good citizen conduct  from people at large. This is played by Marlon Brando, to perfection.    Another strength is the courage of the story in reflecting problems  at large, such as corrupt law officers, judges, politicians,  manipulated unions, personal animosities in companies that result in  rivals being left in the dust for trivial slights of ego, gambling,  prostitution, drinking rackets, etc, with the narco-trafficking on  the horizon, and the Las Vegas scene in its infancy.    Perhaps the most significant statement, in the movie, is Puzo  shifting from the early chest-pounding of Italian-Americanism, who  can do no wrong,  mid-way through the movie, as he focuses on the  inter-gang fighting among various crime bosses and gangs for  territory, each set on monopolizing the market, with betrayals,  traps, strategic  maneuvering behind the scenes, and gang-banging.    Puzo's wisdom, as well, is his notion that corrupted individuals are  not permanently bought, nor would they provide unlimited protection  or favors once bought. Brando is shown calculating mentally how far  his powerful personal contacts could go in  supporting various types  of mobster projects, this skill having taken him to the top of the  NYC underworld over many years, in addition to skill in reading  psychologically his opponents intentions from assessing them when in  their presence.    James Caan's character, according to Puzo, suggests a temperament, a  propensity to libidinous and hotheaded behavior that is not typical  of most Italian-Americans, which seems to stereotype needlessly the  latter group, as he's shown as having been an adopted son.    Overall, the movie is outstanding from the point of view of creating  tension, suspense, surprising viewers with the turn of events, in  connecting with viewers, showing culturally the struggle of Italian  Americans in leaving behind the civilization learn in the so-called  Old World as they take their space on the American continent.  The  mature subject will be difficult to take for many, such as brutality  from guns and car bombs and the taking out of fellow human beings as  mere pieces on a chessboard.
031606792X|1.0|After seeing the move I fell in love with the Twilight story. I got all four books four Christmas, I could put the first three down, I was done reading them in a week. Then I got to Braking Dawn, what a disappointment .I still haven't finished it. I keep skipping pages because it got so boring .I what a redo of the ending. After the wedding why cant Jacob kidnapped Bella or something? After the kiss she shared with him I was hoping there would be more to their story! This book almost runs the whole Twilight series for me! And that imprint thing is just weird and almost gross. If the movie series continue I hope for a different ending.
B000FC1192|4.0|This book is . . . refreshingly creepy but a GREAT read. I recomend this book to anyone ages 10 and up. :)
B0000C7PQK|5.0|The first 2 Enigma albums, I thought were perfect. The third left me very underwhelmed - the 4th one was a step up. Now with Voyageur, Cretu has taken a step forward and embraced techno/dance influences in strongest form. From the steady beat in \\"From East To West\\", this can only mean you're listening to Voyageur. Moving into the title track, this song exemplifies the entirety of this album. A great, pulsing breathing dance song that certifies the new direction Enigma has moved in.<br />Cretu makes great use of a fat bass-y synth sound that gives the songs their gallop, particularly on the title track, and Boum-Boum.<br /><br />The experimentation continues on Incognito, arguably one of Enigma's best songs. It kicks in with a bass heavy beatbox, and lifts you up halfway trhrough the song with airy experimental sounds.<br />Boum Boum is one of the best tracks here. Great song. The album peaks at \\"Look of Today\\" a high energy dance track, club ready with a great beat; territory that Cretu hasn't ventured in until now.<br /><br />He even channels Pink Floyd here, by way of \\"Total Eclipse of the moon\\" with its haunting melody and swelling synth lines.<br /><br />Overall a fantastic and upbeat album, much better than Le Roi Est Mort and The Screen Behind The Mirror - I just wish I would've discovered this album sooner!<br /><br />Word the the wise - I bought the special edition release of it but quickly (and accidentally) chipped the cd case. If you're going to get this album, just get the standard re-issue and save you the possibility of breaking the rare (and irreplacable) jewel case art.
159448385X|4.0|\\"A thousand splendid suns\\" shine over Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan. But that is according to an old Afghan poem, and the truth, as revealed in this historical novel, is rather different: a city torn apart and ravaged for decades by brutal wars, and a city where women may find themselves enslaved by the rule of sharia (islamic law) and oppressed by sadistic men.    The story is about two women whose lives become intertwined. Their friendship is one of the 'positive' themes of this book, but many others are equally important: maternal love, love of one's country and origins, faith, hope. These themes fight a constant, and mostly losing, battle against oppression, violence, hate, and hardship.      The most striking in this ambitious modern-historical saga is how well Mr. Hoseini writes; being non-native to the English language and trained as a medical doctor rather than an artist, he nonetheless writes a superb prose that captivates and mesmerizes the reader.       The story has it all: tragedy, hope, romance, suspense, and despair - perhaps mostly that last item of the list. The back-cover claim, the standard blah-blah about how friendship and love overcomes all the hardships and so on and so forth, reveals a weakness of sorts in this book, the decision of the author to end on a happy note - none too forcefully, and not entirely implausibly, but somewhat incongruently with the facts as presented quite meticulously up until that point. After all the sufferings of the protagonists it is, simply put, too hard to imagine that they will all live happily ever after.    The story may also be faulted, perhaps, for being a bit too black-and-white: the suffering women are almost too good and pure, the oppressing men of such unadulterated evil that one would like to give Rasheed (who does most of the beating) a chance to say something to his defense, and one wonders if Mariam never ever lost her temper.     The most interesting weakness in this impressive work is, however,the author's decision (for a decision it must have been) not to address what could have been the central question emerging from this tale: to what extent the religion can be held responsible for the atrocities committed in its name.     Having said that, this novel is a delightful read that can be warmly recommended for anyone looking for a beautifully written saga about the lives of two women in a very foreign part of the world, against an important and authorative backdrop of contemporary history.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've been doing a mix of pilates, kickboxing, and running for the past two years and consider myself to be in pretty good shape; this DVD kicked my a$$ - I got through the first level o.k., so the next day I did the second level and before I could finish the third part of the second level, my body just refused to go any further. For some people this is probably not the best option, but for me it was the perfect opportunity to push my limits and sort of \\"re-train\\" my body. It's hard to get through the first few times, but you're thankful for it the next day when you realize how hard your sore muscles worked after only 20 minutes of exercise; and honestly, I really like Jillian's demanding training style. The only thing that is extremely annoying is the fact that you cannot skip past the stupid intro at the beginning of the DVD. But if you can ignore that, this is one of the best fitness videos out there.
0553208845|4.0|It took few hours to finish the novel. As someone has said in the review, an audio version would be better i think. Overall, the writing is clear.
B001ILHY1I|2.0|Maybe there are only so many plausible movie plots before they start trying to stretch the plausible ones into movies. I would say to rent this one when it comes out on video and is of the overnight rental shelf, but I can't even do that much.<br /><br />1. Can we really be expected to believe that someone was able to find out who was a good racer and unemployed out of a population of 300 million? And then send a killer to this man's house who was a prisoner to kill his wife and frame him for it?<br /><br />2. Can we really be expected to believe that even though the US economy collapsed that something like 70 million people had enough disposable income to pay $250 to watch people kill each other with race cars?<br /><br />3. OSHA and various arms of the federal government have made life unbearable for people who have to work with chemicals. It is no exaggeration to say that the compliances costs of any  business are more expensive than the capital. And yet there was no government arm to be found anywhere in a business where 5-6 contestants got killed every week.<br /><br />4. Prisoners in the  USA have been known to sue prisons over serving them crunchy peanut butter. Can we really believe that people lived in the conditions that were in this prison?<br /><br />5. Ok......so the warden puts a bomb in the car. When it was shown to have been put on the car, it was attached as securely as if it has been put on with a piece of duct tape. And we are really supposed to believe that: A) Someone expected it to stay on a car moving at 150 mph with bullets being shot at it from every direction; B) The people who found it knew exactly where it was and how to detonate it; C) The device could be sent back to the warden and detonated with a detonator that was made by PRISON MECHANICS???<br /><br />I'm glad that I only spent 5RMB on this (US$0.83) and would advise any buyers to spend no more than that.
B000B5XOSO|2.0|Batman Returns  And no doubt so will the audiences that turned the first film into a $1 billion enterprise. But they're going to find that the Dark Knight (Michael Keaton) forgot to include a Batscript in his utility belt this time out. What plot there is has Batman facing two new archvillains: The Penguin (Danny DeVito) and Catwoman (Michelle Pfeiffer) as they scheme to take over Gotham City. The film is visually impressive, and features a wonderful supporting cast (Christopher Walken and Michael Murphy among them) but the lack of a cohesive story deals the film a serious blow. Another problem is that the film spends way too much time with the villains, leaving Batman a supporting character in his own movie. Also, returning series regulars Pat Hingle (Commissioner Gordon) and Michael Gough (Alfred) are given little to do, and their lack of screen time hurts the movie. Still, if you can get your money's worth from form over substance, go right ahead and see it. Also with Vincent Schiavelli (Ghost) and Paul Reubens.
B0018QQQK8|4.0|I periodically read Sparks (haven't in a while) and he is up and down  and fairly predictable. BUT The Lucky ONE is very good and well written.  If you have given up on Sparks, give him another chance. The characters are realistic and the story is interesting.
0515142247|4.0|This is the 3rd Jack Reacher novel I've read and am finding him one of contemporary thriller fiction's most engaging characters.He's an ex-MP who has chosen to become a drifter.  So each novel has a different setting within the U.S.   He's just short of being a super-hero...no paranormal powers.   And he's not out to save the world although he continues to land in situations where he can foil ambitious villains.   So yes, these books do require strong suspension of disbelief.  But they are certainly fun.This is the only series I can immediately think of which has no continuing characters outside of the protagonist.  And I rather like that as a change.  Reaher isn't seeking adventure, but adventure or maybe more accurately misadventure finds him.   He's not greatly concerned with saving the country from the bad guys.  But he's ready to respnd to those who deliberately make him an enemy.  So far in my reading his stories, there's always a lady friend around, bbut little regret on either side when they part ways at book's end.  One point that quite impressed me in this book was the scene involving a couple of trained attack dogs.   His philosophy concerning them, contrary to his reaction to human adversaries, quite touched me.   Another point in this specific book which impressed was Lee Child's handling of the mystery subplot, the unknown bad guy.  Child doesn't really try to conceal the unknown's identity. As soon as you know there's a hidden enemy in the story, he tosses out strong hints which the alert reader will immediately catch.  One which especially made me laugh was a statement at the end of one chapter considering the unknowns and the first sentence in the next chapter which sort of \\"spills the beans\\".All in all, this is a book I recommend for pure escapist entertainment.  Political conservatives might object to the nut fringe extremist villains, but hey, this is just a thriller, not a political commentery.  There's even a subtle hint that Reacher isn't above voting Republican at times although one does wonder how the heck he can be a registered voter.  LOL
B000Q66PXE|5.0|I waited quite a while before watching this series, but am so glad I finally got around to it.  It is lush, beautifully acted, and impossible to turn off.  While it's obvious that not everything shown is accurate, I really didn't care after the first five minutes.  Spanning several years, it feels as if you've known these characters forever, and you can see how much or little they've changed as their circumstances do.  I highly recommend this show!!
B001ILFUNW|5.0|Meg Ryan helped produce this truly charming and thoughtful romantic comedy which sort of slipped in and out of theatres much too fast upon its initial release in the 90's. Perhaps because it unfolds slowly and relies on gentle charm and intelligence rather than flashes of nudity and raw situations to reel the viewer in, many used to being bombarded by the latter simply didn't have the patience to stick around for what is one of the best romantic comedies to come along in ages.<br /><br />Lawrence Kasdan let this dish simmer until the aroma finally overcomes the viewer, our hunger rewarded once it is finished by its delectable flavor. Beautifully shot by Owen Roizman, the lush backgrounds take a back seat to the story in a film that is sweet and irresistible. Meg Ryan and Kevin Kline are both wonderful in the kind of film which doesn't get made anymore.<br /><br />Kate (Meg Ryan) is devastated when her boyfriend (Timothy Hutton) decides to stay in Paris and marry a breathtaking French beauty who makes him think of sonnets rather than return and marry her. She overcomes her phobia of flying in order to confront him, but meets a charming French thief named Luc (Kevin Kline) on the plane with plans to use her to smuggle something past customs.<br /><br />There is a tender charm to everything which follows as Kate and Luc get entangled in each others problems and finally realize who they really need. Jean Reno is excellent as Luc's cop pal who really doesn't want to arrest him but has to get back what was taken. When Kate discovers what Luc needs the money for, it will change her entire outlook on the situation. A pact to help each other may go awry, however, as each finally discerns that it may not be too late to go for what they really want in their hearts.<br /><br />This is a rich and rewarding film, with the appeal of a warm and unexpected smile from an unpretentious girl. It sticks with you afterward, while other films in the genre with less depth and more flash are forgotten five minutes after you see them. A simple kiss from a half-asleep Kate on a train which stirs feelings in Luc he had not counted on is more memorable because of the way in which it is handled. Ryan is hilarious crawling down a hallway covered in food at one point, trying not to let Charlie (Hutton) and his hot French girlfriend Juliette (Susan Anbeh) see her.<br /><br />Watching this delightful film is like reading a book rather than leafing through a magazine. It takes longer to get to the end, but the rewards are far greater. This romantic comedy has been repackaged for Valentine's Day, in red and white, a heart capturing the cover picture. While it is a tad more than the normal release, it is still quite inexpensive, and a nice gift for the smart girl in your life who doesn't need to be hit over the head cinematically to enjoy something. A subtle gem.e forgotten five minutes after you see them. A simple kiss from a half-asleep Kate on a train which stirs feelings in Luc he had not counted on is more memorable because of the way in which it is handled. Ryan is hilarious crawling down a hallway covered in food at one point, trying not to let Charlie (Hutton) and his hot French girlfriend Juliette (Susan Anbeh) see her.<br /><br />Watching this delightful film is like reading a book rather than leafing through a magazine. It takes longer to get to the end, but the rewards are far greater. This romantic comedy has been repackaged for Valentine's Day, in red and white, a heart capturing the cover picture. While it is a tad more than the normal release, it is still quite inexpensive, and a nice gift for the smart girl in your life who doesn't need to be hit over the head cinematically to enjoy something. A subtle gem.
0307269752|5.0|One real problem with this lengthy novel is that it encompasses a multitude of characters--most of whom have exactly the same surname!  Hence, you really need to invest a lot of effort and valuable time referring back and forth to the expansive genealogical chart conveniently placed in the opening pages.  Another difficulty lies with the occasionally awkward translation which, I thought, was a tad shaky with some foreign sounding naratives that seem odd to American ears.<br /><br />However, if you stick with it, everything and everyone eventually falls into place, and you are rewarded with a fine intelligent mystery with accompanying psychologial pathologies. I might add that I uncovered what I believe to be an unintentional spoiler early on, which kind of took the edge off of the suspense. Click on the comment button attached to this review and I'll explain.
0316017922|5.0|I can always count on Malcolm Gladwell's ability to see things from a new perspective.<br />Outliers will have you rethinking the concept of success.<br /><br />Gladwell starts with exploring the case of the Pennsylvania town where no one dies of a heart attack before the age of 55.  The mystery of the townsfolk's longevity and relative good health has a surprising origin (I won't divulge).<br /><br />This lays the foundation for the argument that successful outcome may owe itself more to mundane circumstances rather than the innate abilities and intelligence we've come to assume are the only elements.<br /><br />If you are interested in the subject of success, give Mr. Gladwell's treatment of the subject some consideration before you run off to your next success-guru session.
B0018CMJSU|1.0|I will start by saying that, overall, the quality is 'okay'.  However, I don't have many good things to say about this set.    Firstly, there are two scenes (and I'm only 1/2 way through II) where someone was asleep, apparently, on the QA team.    Specifically, in part I, the scene where Michael confronts the baker in the hospital...Did they just decide to not touch that scene?    Secondly, in part II, there is a scene where all of the locals in Cuba are throwing televisions on the ground...etc... after the President steps down.  Right after the image of Corleone's plane preparing for takeoff.  There is some unidentifiable CRAP on the screen...    If this is what passes for 'quality', I'll pass.  Either I must've gotten a bad copy or someone just rushed this crap out the door.    And, another poster hit the nail on the head with the color issues.  I feel like I'm living in a tangerine hell.    0 out of 5, for this piece of shoddy 'money is the whole reason' atrocity.    Site won't allow zero stars...  That one star is fake!
B0009S2T0M|1.0|Don't waste your money seeing this grotesque movie. I'm not a prude and I enjoy watching stylized violence in an action flick, where the story calls for it. However, this movie goes way over the line with incest and a very twisted act of revenge. There's nothing redeeming about this movie. I'm really ashamed that something like this came from Korean media. Thumbs way way down on this movie...
B0015HOFZI|1.0|This record player skips really, really badly.  Had the previous Sony Turntable (without the USB) for years and it worked great.  But this one I've had for months and it skips all of the time.  Piece of junk.
B000LC51TM|5.0|Firstly, the audience in this live version of Rammstein's biggest hits is awesome! The sound and recording was great, this is a heavier version of Rammstein's classic songs.     The highlights in this album are:    Mein Teil - Till lowers and growls his voice even more to bring a live eerie feeling to this cannibal song. The version of this song on this tour was amazing.     Links - drop the tuning somemore and have it out the heavier R+ way. This version of this song will definately get your head moving.     Los - the song on the cd is all acoustic. Near the end of this song, they put the acoustics away and they jam this out, classic R+ style. The riff and beat is awesome!    Du Hast - the audience really gets into this one. And from what I heard, I think they tuned the guitars down just a tad bit more to give a heavier sound that floats through the audience. Awesome awesome version of this classic.     Stripped - one of the first times this song has been recorded live and put onto a cd, not sure why.. it sounds great live.       The auditorium like environment they performed in provided a good echo for the instruments; that in turn provided a heavier and more raw sound to they're new heavier style.     The DVD was awesome! The concert footage from different parts of the world is real interesting and fun to watch, each place has a different way of expressing they're love for these guys.     This next album is going to rock!
B001KVZ6BG|5.0|If you think you've ever had it rough, meet Jamal.<br /><br />He has learned about life  not through book smarts but  by living it.  Appearing on the popular quiz show, he somehow knows the answers.  The narcissistic tv host mocks him as a  'chai wallah,'  (tea boy) yet Jamal remains unfazed.<br /><br />Suddenly, we see the police torturing this slightly built young man to admit he cheated and forfeit the opportunity for the big prize.  The realisation dawns that Jamal is tougher than he seems, and so the story begins.<br /><br />It's not about the money, and it's not about the quiz show.  It's more about how character is forged not by adversity, but how you respond to it.<br /><br />As he tells his story the police officer gets caught up in it. \\"What happened to the girl?,\\" he asks, the same question we're asking.<br /><br />It's a twin story showing the contrast, between the two brothers, who both have similar experiences.  Both make entirely different decisions that lead them down two certain but separate paths.  These conflicts drive the narrative at rocket like speed.  Latika, the orphan girl, is the damsel in distress, the subject of desire and conflict.<br /><br />In fact life is harder for Jamal, because of a certain someone, one of a series of antagonists, as you will see, yet Jamal remains resilient, resourceful, and has a capacity for love and even forgiveness, that is indeed inspiring.<br /><br />Slumdog has already won numerous film awards, particularly for Danny Boyle, who previously directed Shallow Grave, and Trainspotting.  It's also been nominated for 4 Golden Globes for Best Director, Motion Picture, Score and Screenplay. It does deserve Academy Awards for Best Picture, Direction, and Screenplay.  I suspect though, that this will be the year of Doubt.<br /><br />Some people compare this movie to Dickens. I find it more similar to Black Book by Paul Verhoeven, where the protagonist is also a survivor against the odds, and with Slumdog I felt that same feeling of being totally caught up in the emotional rollercoaster of a story that played out onscreen.<br /><br />If you are interested in more Indian fare, consider The Guru, Bend it Like Beckham, and Bride and Prejudice, an amusing Bollywood parody of Pride and Prejudice, featuring Aishwarya Rai, proclaimed by Julia Roberts to be the most beautiful woman in the world.<br /><br />Author Vikas Swarup wrote the book Q and A on which Slumdog is loosely based.<br /><br />I hope you find this review helpful.llercoaster of a story that played out onscreen.    If you are interested in more Indian fare, consider The Guru, Bend it Like Beckham, and Bride and Prejudice, an amusing Bollywood parody of Pride and Prejudice, featuring Aishwarya Rai, proclaimed by Julia Roberts to be the most beautiful woman in the world.    Author Vikas Swarup wrote the book Q and A on which Slumdog is loosely based.    I hope you find this review helpful.
B000ZLFALI|4.0|I knew nothing of this film, and some old friends sent it as a gift, certain I'd love it.<br /><br />They were right.<br /><br />What makes this a great movie, one to keep and watch over and over, is, of course, the music. The ability to create original treatments of the songs while staying so true to the intended spirit is an enormous accomplishment; to make the songs wonderful again in a new way and in their own right is a miracle.<br /><br />I'm always hesitant of Beatles remakes, suspicious that someone just wants to make a quick buck. There have been some great renditions, but all too often the attempts fall short. This doesn't! Even what I considered \\"the sacred song\\" the one Beatles song I never wanted anyone to remake (\\"Let It Be\\") is done so well that I just watch that powerful, original and moving scene over and over (to me, that was the film's greatest success).<br /><br />The more you know about the Beatles, the more you'll appreciate the little touches: not just the characters' names, but so many subtle references / inside jokes that the viewer either gets on his or her own, or they're lost: the apple being drawn, Maxwell's hammer, the rooftop concert... things that just add something extra for those that get it.<br /><br />It's not perfect, though: the film is a vehicle for Beatles music. The storyline is a bit forced, and you can see the ending coming from a mile away -- but I think that just makes it more fun. It's not meant to be a deep, philosophical movie; it's meant to be entertainment... and it's just so good at being entertaining that it goes beyond entertainment to arouse passion. Just like the Beatles.
B0018CWEYY|2.0|I absolutely LOVED the first two seasons. Then season 3 started off a little bit uninteresting, but towards the end it got better and better. Now season 4... It's almost unbelievable to me, how a good show could have gotten this bad. As is evident by midseason, when they kill off two characters whose story seemed to matter but now apparently doesn't anymore: The writers have absolutely no idea where they are headed. Or if they do, it's not where the show intended to go in the beginning. The 'war' between this millionaire guy and Ben is so uninteresting it almost hurts. What now seems to be the main story is nothing more than a side story from maybe season 3 or so.
B000274THQ|5.0|A bunch of friends (mostly women) were deciding what to watch, and I was not at all interested in some foreign feel-good movie... and I'm glad my friends decided to ignore my objections. I was expecting something like Il Postino (a chick flick); what I saw was a movie I had to buy and add to my library to watch again.  It really is that good.<br /><br />The many rave reviews already describe in great detail the film, the quality and the story line, so I won't go into that; all I have to add is that it's entertaining, touching and has all the makings of a classic film.  If you're wondering whether or not you'll like it, trust me: you will.
B001KVZ6BG|5.0|Slumdog Millionaire (2008) is a very good movie with the astounding cinematography, virtuoso directing, and the heartbreaking yet optimistic story. The acting by three main characters especially by a newcomer, Dev Patel, is compelling. Patel plays a street kid Jamal Malik (Patel), an 18 year-old orphan from the slums of Mumbai, who made it to the Indian version of the TV show Who wants to be a millionaire?\\" and keeps answering correctly every question. The secret is that every question represents a chapter of his own life, his growing up and surviving on the streets, his adventures and experiences often dramatic and even tragic. When he is just one question away from winning 20 million rupees (around $450,000), the time is up, and millions of TV-viewers who root for Jamal would have to wait for the following night to see him go for the big prize. Jamal is arrested by the police right after the game and he will spend the next day been rather brutally interrogated by police officers who want to find out how the street boy with no education can answer the difficult questions correctly. Fifteen years from the lives of Jamal, his older brother Salem and another orphan from the slums of Mumbai, \\"the third musketeer\\", the girl named Latika (Frieda Pinto), Jamal's true love since their childhood will reveal in flashbacks, and by the end of Jamal's story, it won't surprise us why he knows all answers. IMO, the only weak point in the story was the big 20 million rupees question. I won't reveal it but trust me, the whole reading or movie watching world knows the answer, and the question was too easy for such high stake BUT it fits the story very well, so I tend to be lenient.<br /><br />The best part of the movie is IMO the look at India from within, the glorious views of India's beauty and horrifying captures of its unspeakable poverty, from the slums of Mumbai and the dizzyingly crowded streets of Bombay to the heavenly magnificent Taj Mahal.<br /><br />Boyle's directing very much reminds Fernando Meirelles inspiring movie-making in Cidade de Deus aka City of God by its dynamism, fast and furious camera movements, and amazingly deep and compassionate understanding of the material. I won't be surprised if Doyle receives the Oscar nod for directing. He very well deserved it along with his camera-man, editor, writer, and the young actors.ernando Meirelles inspiring movie-making in Cidade de Deus aka City of God by its dynamism, fast and furious camera movements, and amazingly deep and compassionate understanding of the material. I won't be surprised if Doyle receives the Oscar nod for directing. He very well deserved it along with his camera-man, editor, writer, and the young actors.
B001HQZJP2|3.0|This review is for the Blue Ray collection.  Picture:  Pristine. Sound: Great.  Movies:  I & II - Grand Entertainment.  Universal successfully resuscitated it's venerable monster genre and transformed it into bigtime Tentpole event movies and produced two very good action adventure rides to take with the kids. III - Phoned in.  Brendan collects huge paycheck and goes home. Rachel wisely stays away in the first place.  Kid being groomed to carry on - the poor man's Shia (and I didn't think much of him either).  Jet Li - stony and morose.  Story is flat.  Use of China as a backdrop - secondary and poorly executed (nothing new or breathtaking here). This truly is the sin - we're actually IN China for heaven's sake and there is no grand vista, no expansive shots to dazzle us with the landscape.  In watching the nightclub scenes I kept expecting Kate Capshaw to step out and start singing - it's that derivative. Everything else is CGI.  No overall quality to raise it to the level of the other two.  But the kids will like the ride none-the-less...and yet...Worth the upgrade?  YES - for the first two alone.
B000TEUSJK|5.0|You are probably tired of comments on this movie.  It is basically a Penthouse porno hiding behind an older version of the same movie.  Since I am used to hard core, I didn't flinch during most of the sex scenes.    However, I was not happy with on major historical inaccuracy of the flick.  Claudius, the successor to Caligual was portrayed and a slobbering idiot with an almost mentally retarded character.  This was a tremendous injustice.  Claudius was, according to the historians, a very timid soul with a severe speech impediment.  He was embarassed to speak in public and held most of his council with (I think) one of his female cousins).  Ironically, Claudius was quite intelligent and, over the period of his reign, turned out to be one of the most effective of the Caesars.  Two of his most deirable traits were an incorruptable nature, a sense of fairness and beneath it all, a kind and generous disposition.  It might be challenged as a historical fact, but I think he suffered from epilepsy.    If you are interested in an accurate portrayal of Claudius, check out the PBS/BBC series \\"I Claudius\\" which aired many years ago.  I think it's available on Netflix, and, used to be listed in the Acorn catalog.  There are several hours of programming, and sometimes it drags.  If my memory serves me correctly, Patrick Stewart played the commander of the Guards and did (as usual) a fantastic job of acting.
B00013RC8O|5.0|By far the best car chase movie ever made. Kowalski and a 1970 Challenger, it doesn't get any better than that. The music kept pace with the movie which is rare these day's due to studios trying to sell music cd's as well as the movie. The meaning to the story, it's better to burn out than fade away.Cleavon Little was great as the DJ, but most the time seems to be Kowalski's co-pilot. The chase never lets up in this movie until the end, but even then, Kowalski is smiling. Even though this movie is mild compared to today's films, parents might want to remember the drug use and the nude biker girl scene in this film as well as the corrupt cop scene. And if you watch the international version of this film, don't forget the scene where he picks up a hitch-hiker. This is one of those flicks that I watched time and time again, it never gets old. They made a newer version of this film in 2004, don't waste your time, especially if your a big fan of the original. I read in a car magazine a few month's ago an article on the new Challenger, where they were talking about another remake of this movie. If they do, I hope they learn from other remake failures and learn what made this on a cult phenomenon.
B0002Y69NG|5.0|I love this movie and thank you for having this great collection. Must have for Matrix fans.
B001H5X7KC|2.0|I thought it would be funnier but I was disappointed. Harold and Kumar was much better
B000093NLE|5.0|I must say this is a 45rpm vinyl, Amazon doesn't say that anywhere, so whatch out if you don't have that speed on your turntable! It must not be a big deal coz all TT I know have this speed included.    Anyway    I play it and it sounds better than CD, because of the speed you barely hear distortion for the tonearm and noise for the dust. So I'm pretty happy with this double item. The sound is solid!    For the music all has been said already. RH never get tired of creating!
0435123432|5.0|\\"I've got to stop this childish worrying about myself - my past and my future. Let me give something of myself to others. I've got to use my knowledge and skills to work in the field of increasing human intelligence. Who is better equipped? Who else has lived in both worlds?\\"<br /><br />Charlie Gordon was made more intelligent by a procedure which had previously been tried only on animals - and on one animal in particular, a mouse named Algernon. The experiment proved to be a success at first, with both Charlie and Algernon quadrupling their intelligences in only a short amount of time, but slowly Algernon begins to deteriorate. Algernon's deterioration foreshadows Charlie's own fate, and the fate of the experiment itself.<br /><br />Was Charlie made smarter? Yes. Was Charlie made human by the experiment? No. These are some of the questions raised in the book - everything from morality, science, \\"progress\\", and what it means to be human. If we could truly find a \\"cure\\" for mental retardation, should we use it? Are the people who the procedure is used on truly better off? And lastly, does MR need to be cured?
0143036556|5.0|The only unfortunate aspect of Diamond's comparative history is that it too often gets confused with the work of James Kunstler because both wrote books that appeal to readers interested in climate change.  The difference is that Diamond is an actual geographer while Kunstler is just a lunatic.  Collapse uses an anthropological framework to analyze extinct societies in terms of their relationship to the environment, including an extensive discussion of modern societies in varying degrees of social collapse due to an unsustainable relationship with survival resources.
0375826726|1.0|I concur with many other reviewers - this book's story could easily have been completed within 100-200 pages.  While we travel all over Alagaesia, we really don't move very far from where we started at the beginning of the book. While the publishers salivate about raking in more money on a fourth book, I find it really poor story telling.
0345350472|4.0|2008 marked the 40th anniversary of Mercerism and Rick Deckard's discovery of what it means to be human during a normal day of hunting Martian androids.  There's really little to be said about this book that hasn't already been combed through by geeks the world over, but it's worth reading, as much for the anachronistic references to 1992 (Hovercars! Weren't those sci-fi prognosticators just too cute?) as for whatever exploration of existential alienation.  But let's be honest with ourselves: This book would never have been read by anyone but adolescent boys with acne, halitosis, and girl problems if it weren't for the success of Warner Brothers' overrated 1982 film version, Blade Runner.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I heard about Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog through an Entertainment Weekly. When I finally saw it, I was amazed of how brillant of a creation it was. Neil Patrick Harris was great and the plot was suprisingly entertaining. So don't hesitiate. Buy it!
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Most of the reviews I've seen here talk about how their boys love the game.  I just wanted to add that my (very girly) 12 year old and (very cynical) 15 year old girls absolutely LOVE this game.  We opened it up for the first time two days ago, felt inititially overwhelmed by the directions, and, after about 5 or 10 minutes of play, got hooked.  Since you need 3 to play (and since my husband hasn't gotten bitten by the bug yet), I have finally found the perfect lever to make my kids take care of chores or homework--do X,Y, and Z and then we'll play Catan.  They are gleefully looking forward to teaching their uncles how to play, and then pounding them unmercifully.
1400095204|5.0|Half of a Yellow Sun by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is not about the Biafra war. It's a family drama set before and during the Biafra war. It is to Ms. Adichie's great credit that the reader does not have to know anything about the setting or the events of the war; her story will tell us all we need to know without trying to teach us outright.     There are five main characters. Central to the story are two sisters, twins, Olanna and Kainene, daughters of privilege with very wealthy parents and the best educations money can buy. Olanna gives up her wealth to become the mistress of Odenigbo, a passionate, young professor who holds regular salons where the issues of the day and plans for the future of post-colonial Nigeria are discussed. Kainene takes an Englishman, Richard, as her lover. Richard, who is white, can move among the inner circle of the Europeans who continue to live in Nigeria after Independence. He is also fluent enough in African languages and customs to achieve a quasi-insider status among Kainene's circle. The fifth character is Ugwu, Odenigbo's houseboy, who provides a window into village life and the lives of the lower classes in 1960's Nigeria.    The family drama that plays out among these five characters would be sufficient to fill a lesser novel. But this story is set in 1960's Nigeria, and the characters are all Igbo, even Richard initially stayed in Africa to study Igbo artifacts. In the 1960's, violence broke out between the largely Christian Igbo in Southern Nigeria and the Muslim Huasa in the north. The Igbo were brutally massacred in several northern locations and forced to flee the the southern part of the country. In response, they declared independence, and set up the country of Biafra. Nigeria, went to war to reunite the country and bring the land of Biafra, and the oil underneath it, back into the fold. Nigeria was supported by most of the world including England and Russia. Biafra was officially recognized by only a handful of Africannations and never relieved much more than humanitarian support, and not very much of that. In spite of this, the tiny nation managed to survive for three years before finally surrendering to Nigeria.     I am not expert enough to comment on Ms. Adichie's presentation of Biafra's history, but as far as the novel goes, I don't think it matters if she got all of the details correct. The broader picture is accurate, and it's the novelistic details that really matter here--the story of how one family tried to survive famine, war and each other while the rest of the world largely turned its back and looked away.    Half of a Yellow Sun is a big novel, in the 19th century sense of the word. Ms. Adichie takes her time introducing the cast of characters to us. Each of the initial chapters is devoted to one or two characters, giving us a chance to really get to know one before we meet the next. Ms. Adichie takes her time introducing the war, as well. The book is divided into four sections that go back and forth between the early sixties, years before the war began, and the late sixties when the war took place. This works to help make an unbearable subject bearable. We need to know the what the characters and their lives were like before the war began to fully appreciate what happened and how the war changed them. The Biafran war itself is rightly remembered, when it is remembered, as one of the great horrors of the 20th century. Telling that story for 200 plus pages would make for very difficult reading. (Ms. Adichie would surely lose most of the members of my book club in the process.) The third part of the book flashes back from wartime to the more peaceful early sixties. But make no mistake, this is not a book that shys away from its subject matter. Each of the two sisters, Olanna and Kainene witness a very specific event that haunts them throughout the rest of the novel. Ms. Adichie is able to drive home all the terrible crimes of the Biafra war through these two events and through the changes Ugwu undergoes once he is conscripted to fight for Biafra.     I was struck by how much Half of a Yellow Sun reminded me of what I like most about Olivia Manning's Balkan and Levant Trilogies. Manning's six novels are about a British couple who spend World War II in civilian jobs, he is a professor, in Yugosalvia, Greece and Egypt, one step ahead of the fighting. They are set during wartime, but they are really the portrait of a marriage. What's memorable about Ms. Manning's work and about Half of a Yellow Sun is the characters, their lives, their loves, their struggle to survive and to stand for their principles under great duress. Both authors write to pay tribute to the people they depict, but Ms. Adichie also writes to pay tribute to an idea, Biafra, to remind us what happened there, to make sure the world does not forget.
B001BGTWXI|5.0|Read all the reviews from negative to positive.  I'm a life long fan of this band.  Refrained from buying this album for awile because I belived the negative reviews and thought I would be wasting my money.  Got it on sale and yet again kicking myself in the butt for believing the dummys for a lack of a better word that this album sucked.  If your a true fan of Slipknot, this album is just as good as the others.  All I Did was picture myself at a Slipknot concert live playing this whole album set.  There would be nothing but true dancing to all to 70% of the tracks.  The rest is still great but just watchable without dancing if you know what I mean. 1000 stars all the way.  For all who gave this a bad review.......Loser.....Losers
B001GKJ2E8|2.0|Having seen Timur's Russian movies, I am glad to see him get some publicity in the West.  He has been able to incorporate some awesome visual effects into some quite inventive action movies.  However, with \\"Wanted:\\" some of the effects in this movie are the same effects I've seen in his other movies, the plot is lame and brainless and completely predictable, the performances are solid but characters are completely one-dimensional, and by the time the film was finished, I felt ripped-off.  Ah well, just don't expect much and you may be entertained for at least 90 minutes...
B000YI7MRM|3.0|As other reviewers make clear, there are near insurmountable jumps/dislocations in the storyline, saved by the attention to period detail and the authenticity of the atmosphere. The continual violence is tactfully handled. I can't recall so many bods succumbing to death by blade in one film. None of the stabbing and slitting is dwelt upon gratuitously. It feels right. Mortensen(Indian Runner/History of Violence)as usual, looks the part, as does everyone else. The humdrum business of soldiery, the shrugging off of demands upon his courage, the deferral of romance. The intrigues of the Spanish Court and the offenses of the Inquisition and the fear it engendered, are all caught. Velasquez's, 'Water Carrier' and ,'Surrender at Breda' are nice touches amongst all the props, but serve as little else! I did enjoy that Bunuel styled moment at Breda when the large number of staff freeze as if posing for Diego Velasquez's pleasure. Though it's somewhat cute, respect to Velasquez is appropriate, given the cool recording of the court and his optical fidelity, qualities the film revels in. Much of the lighting of interiors which bathe only a few figures in claustrophobic pools of chiaroscuro, are inspired by the humanist element of Baroque painting epitomised by Rembrandt and the Spanish masters.The battles scenes, the nature of warefare in the C17th are fascinating and unprecedented. Given the wide sweep the film assumes, it's little wonder that we don't feel the actors, even at their most intimate exchanges. That's the price paid here for epic ambition. And with judicious titling, mentioned in another review, the film would have profited from 20 or so minutes more cutting.
B001ILHY1I|4.0|I'm a fan of the original \\"Death Race\\" (which almost no one has ever even HEARD of!) so I went into this with a little trepidation.  However, I was pleasantly surprised and enjoyed it.  Quite violent and gory with solid special effects (as the story requires), with a fairly strong cast and an acceptable updating of the \\"car race\\" concept against current trends, the film doesn't try to do much besides provide a solid 2 hours of entertainment.  And, in my mind, it certainly succeeds (better than the overhyped \\"Wanted\\", for example).  There is no cross-country race, which I would have loved to see in it somehow, but regardless, it is an enjoyable romp.
B00006CXSS|5.0|There is really no need for a long review for this TV series. All that you need to know, is buy it. It is the best TV series ever released, and it is the most visceral, emotional, gritty, and realistic representation of the battlefield I have ever seen.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Iron Maiden has definitely changed their style. They no longer have many of the great melodic guitar lines, or epic sounding vocals. However, the music that they are playing now, is wonderful, it is just different. Many people have complained that the choruses have become to repetitive. I disagree, I think that the repetition is necessary to portray the large ideas that these songs try to convey. The best part of Brave New World, is that Bruce Dickinson is back. Blaze is no longer singing for them and Bruce is back in business. That instantly gives Maiden extra points. Now, if you are a big Maiden fan, and are contemplating diving into their new music, I say go for it slowly but surely. Start off with \\"Blood Brothers\\". That song is similar to some of  their older stuff. If you are a Maiden fan already, you will not regret this album. If you are not a Maiden fan and are trying to contemplate weather or not to listen to them, this is a good Album to start with. However, you should also buy some of their earlier albums to hear their older style. But, nobody will regret buying this wonderful album.
0201633612|5.0|This is THE dictionary of design pattern!<br />Do we comment on dictionaries?<br /><br />The structure is neat and searchable,<br />I wouldn't recommend it as an introduction though for those who get bored quickly
0596007124|5.0|This book amazes, starting from the way of presentation to the level of details.<br /><br />I liked the concrete examples they are supplying, (ducks!) and how they relate the chapters together, the Fire chat! everything in this book is great,<br /><br />The only limitation I found that the chapter related to the proxy pattern is quite complicated..<br /><br />I liked the way they introduce the GOF book at the end of the book ..<br /><br />Just buy it! and enjoy, doesn't matter if you are a java programmer or a C# or VB.NET you will get it easily<br /><br />I am a VB.NET dev. and the Book depends on Java as a primary language, and I loved it
B0019FOC5E|5.0|Wonderful CD if you loved the musical or the movie; Meryl Streep is a particularly fine singer, and all the tracks carry the easy gaiety of the show.  A clarification (that I was looking for when purchasing) is that these are indeed the songs from the show/movie itself, NOT the original ABBA songs (not to be missed either).
1419551795|3.0|I agree with the reviewer who says this book should be called GMAT 650-700. I was scoring in the low 700s before I got this book and found it to be a big waste of time. There are some hard 700-800 range questions, but the vast majority (like 80%) are not. I wasted a week on this book when I could've spent just a couple hours on the difficult questions, had I known which ones they were in advance. If you are shooting for 800, not 700, you're better off working off of the last questions in the Official Guide (these are purportedly the most difficult), trying out difficult math problems posted in GMAT forums and, as I did, working on your problem areas with the Manhattan GMAT quant guides. I scored a 51 on quant on the real GMAT, thanks to the Manhattan guides, NO thanks to Kaplan GMAT 800!
B0011Z5CV0|5.0|I purchased the Lamaze Eddie the elephant for my grandsons they were so fascinated by the colors, textures and flexability of the toy.  I loved it myself.
2352500796|5.0|If you have seen Vol. 1, then this is quite similar, just with different items. Vol. 1 has more equipment and uniform items, vol 2 has some mor esoteric things, and more small personal items. All photographed in wonderful color.      While this book is a must for collectors of WW2 US militaria, it is also a great color guide for modelers and wargamers.
B001EN71DG|5.0|I bought this for my son for xmas, who is 9 yrs old.  He loves both the new and old version that comes in this pack.  I had read the other reviews on this product, that werent too good. But knowing how much my son loves Star Wars, I had to try. And overall I think it is a great collection for any Star Wars fan.
B001FSDOZO|1.0|I cant take it anymore. I know that bands rip off other bands a lot...But when a band constantly rips of themselves just to make more money, it just too much! Nickelback used to be solid, creating some good jams that caught on and then they became big. Since then, they have just continued with the same \\"formula\\" over and over and over and over again.  This band is 10 time xerox copy of themselves and I am sick and tired of it.  You want to rock out, then check out the two overlooked CD's by U.P.O.
B001B1T7BU|4.0|This movie is great family fun. The \\"real\\" people put a new spin on the Disney classic. My children loved the original and now claim, \\"this one is even better\\". Glenn Close is over the top as Cruella!
B0018CWEYY|5.0|If you're a Lost fan, then this season is for you! I always enjoy going back and watching the previous season of Lost before the new season begins. As I went back and watch the 4th season, I picked up LOTS of little details that I didn't notice when this season was airing.  It's definately worth the money. :)
B000J10EQU|5.0|THIS IS AN EXCELLENT MOVIE AND MY GRANDKIDS LOVE WATCHING IT.IT WAS A GOOD PURCHASE.NANCY
1932907009|5.0|As Blake describes in his book, most Screenwirters are \\"bullheaded\\".  I was very \\"bullheaded\\" when I first started to write my screenplay.  I felt that picking up any book would have been good enough to teach me how to write a screenplay. I was wrong.  I read two instructional books before picking up Save The Cat.  The other two books put me to sleep and were more about selling your script than anything else.  Save The Cat is in its own hemisphere, it teaches you how to write a screenplay the proper way.    The book has made me very frustrated because it works.  The book does what it should do, it makes you think hard and makes you put in hard work.  Blake makes you think about improving characters, scenes, structure, openings, endings, verbiage, etc.  He makes sure you do not get lost in your own bubble and instead, strengthens your skill set.  Blake does not just instruct, but coaches you along your screenplay.  At the end of each chapter, there are helpful exercises that you can work on to improve your writing.  It is like a Football coach making his players run sprints.  He makes you work hard and in the end, the hard work pays off.      This is the last book you will need to pick up.  Thanks to this book, I have gone back a dozen times just on my first 25 pages.  Otherwise, I would have been a \\"bullhead\\" and was satisfied with \\"My\\" sceenplay.    I was told a long time ago, that in order to be the best, learn from the best.  Learn from someone who has had success.  Blake has been successful and openly expresses all the strategies you need to know to write a great screenplay.    Get this book!
1400082773|5.0|This book is great.It gives insite into the life of Barack Obama. I bet no other president has EVER been so read about, or sold so many books, tapes and buttons. Barack Obama(Mr President) is a great man! His background contributes to his greatness.
0307394549|5.0|I enjoed a lot just reading the recipes, I think it could be wonderful when I try some of them. There are a lot of beautiful photoes and useful tips. The part regarding tools and packaging is interesting and helpful, especially for people, like me, taht want to give cookies to friends and relatives for special events....
0307455874|5.0|This is a must read or at least every household should have one of Barack Obama's book in their library.
B0001ARCFA|5.0|I had a pair of Grado SR90s, they worked very well on my ipod and sound good, however, these AKG 240S are a night and day difference.  The sound is amazing, they are comfortable for hours of listening.  Make sure you get the \\"Studio\\" version and prepare to enjoy your music.  These work fine on my ipod and iphone and notebook.  I am not using an amp at all for these, they play just fine on everything I have tried them on.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|The entire series is a worship experience before our Creator! This one is in blue-ray and it is fantistic! I'm ever learning!
B0002VKZL6|5.0|A great CD.  I love his guitar playing and this CD was no exception. He is truly fantastic.  Mary
B0019CSXAM|5.0|I love this series! Its funny and inventive. In one word legen. . . wait for it. . . dary!! haha
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This video is a great depiction of the turbulent times surrounding the birth of the United States. Excellent attention to details of the way life was. Insightful description of the characters; no rose-colored glasses here.
B001GKYBXA|4.0|One of Paul McCartney's more inspired collaborations is this CD, his third with instigator 'Youth.' After the delightful return to form on 2007's [[ASIN:B000P2A242 Memory Almost Full]], Paul throws convention to the wind and experiments with expectations. Even with that in mind, the songs here are still vintage Macca. There's even another bird song, as \\"Two Magpies\\" joins \\"Bluebird,\\" \\"Blackbird\\" and \\"Jenny Wren\\" in McCartney's aviary.<br /><br />What \\"Electric Arguments\\" represents is McCartney working through a clearinghouse of songs and ideas, cutting loose with an abandon the more mannered \\"Memory\\" and [[ASIN:B000AL730O Chaos and Creation in the Backyard]] did not have. The opening howl of cacophony \\"Nothing Too Much Just Out of Sight\\" would not have fit on either album, and the textured rocker \\"Highway\\" demands that you listen, because \\"everybody's wondering 'what's that sound?'\\" Given that McCartney and Youth recorded each song in one day apiece let the album maintain an edgier quality, too.<br /><br />There's traces of McCartney's whimsical humor here, as well. \\"Light From Your Lighthouse\\" sounds like it could have come from [[ASIN:B000002UC7 Ram]] leftovers, with its loose playing and eclectic instrumental sound, then followed as it is by the delightful \\"Sun Is Shining.\\" There's more than a little Beatles-teasing here with \\"Two Magpies\\" and \\"Dance Till We're High\\" and the dreamy experimental \\"Is This Love.\\" It's strange that McCartney seems to think he needs a pseudonym to take creative flight (or as some have suggested, make [[ASIN:B000005RT8 McCartney III]]). Should that be the case, one could hope for more frequent trips to the firehouse.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|This was a Christmas present for my wife, and she absolutely loved it! It contains alot of extras that weren't on TV.
B00008EY65|4.0|Working with a near perfect balance of action, humor and charm, the first of the [[ASIN:B001F7MSFW Hellboy]] series to reach the big screen is a highly entertaining flick. While Ron Perlamn's effective performance as the gruff but warm hearted red monster centers the film, he is surrounded by a phalanx of supporting actors that give \\"Hellboy\\" its broadened success.<br /><br />In particular, John Hurt as Hellboy's father figure caretaker, Dr Bloom, exudes a strong intelligence and sense of purpose to avoid his character being a scientist cardboard cutout. Rupert Evans plays a befuddles new handler, newly exposed to the top-secret paranormal agency that Hellboy dwells in. Add some angry Nazis and one p-o'd rasputin who want to destroy the world, and you have a firecracker of a fun film.<br /><br />Written and directed by Guillermo Del Toro, the script pops at all the right moments all while adding character touches. The action sequences are a rollercoaster of thrill and scare (and the box of kittens is a hoot), along with a terrific visual sense. Even Jeffrey Tambor's sourpuss gets a good lesson in accepting the unusual before the film ends. For fans of the resurgent comic book movie genre, \\"Hellboy\\" hits all the right notes.
B00000K2UX|5.0|bonus tracks and timely delivery made this the perfect purchase.  The tracks are remastered and sound clearer than ever.
B001AK3S4Y|4.0|Working with a near perfect balance of action, humor and charm, the first of the [[ASIN:B001F7MSFW Hellboy]] series to reach the big screen is a highly entertaining flick. While Ron Perlamn's effective performance as the gruff but warm hearted red monster centers the film, he is surrounded by a phalanx of supporting actors that give \\"Hellboy\\" its broadened success.<br /><br />In particular, John Hurt as Hellboy's father figure caretaker, Dr Bloom, exudes a strong intelligence and sense of purpose to avoid his character being a scientist cardboard cutout. Rupert Evans plays a befuddles new handler, newly exposed to the top-secret paranormal agency that Hellboy dwells in. Add some angry Nazis and one p-o'd rasputin who want to destroy the world, and you have a firecracker of a fun film.<br /><br />Written and directed by Guillermo Del Toro, the script pops at all the right moments all while adding character touches. The action sequences are a rollercoaster of thrill and scare (and the box of kittens is a hoot), along with a terrific visual sense. Even Jeffrey Tambor's sourpuss gets a good lesson in accepting the unusual before the film ends. For fans of the resurgent comic book movie genre, \\"Hellboy\\" hits all the right notes.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|I am a huge MJ fan and I love collecting his CDS , books , DVDs , etc . This was good to add to the collection (:
B000O176Q6|4.0|I bought this already loving the movie, but hating the \\"grainy\\" poor quality that comes with being a 60-70's film ,etc. The film looks Awesome in Blu-ray!! If makes the film that much more enjoyable.
B0000DJE9R|5.0|I am a huge MJ fan and I love collecting his CDS , books , DVDs , etc . This was good to add to the collection (:  Plus , One More Chance , the bonus song is AMAZING ! < 3
B0015XWUCC|4.0|I own almost every Bowie album except for some of his soundtracks. This album ranks above the Scary Monsters album that other reviewers have compared it to because the sound quality and song writing has improved over the 20-30 year span since Scary Monsters came out. The quality of the sound production is more like his later Heathen or Hours. I highly recommend this album for David Bowie fans or fans of highly produced 90's style of music with crisp guitars mixed in with strong drum tracks and keyboards.     Enjoy
B000WS4QJG|5.0|I am a huge MJ fan and I love collecting his CDs , books , DVDs , etc . This was good to add to the collection (: If you are a big Michael Jackson fan and collect all the singles and all the re-releases you will love this. MUST - HAVE for any real King of Pop fan ; D
031606792X|5.0|I do not normally read young adult material.  I have a friend who is a school teacher and she gave me the first two books in the series.  - SPOILERS MAY FOLLOW - I was not happy after book three, because as a parent and 38 years old, I wanted Bella with Jacob.  I felt that Edward was too smothering at the end.  So I was hoping that this book would have Bella and Jacob together at last!    Needless to say, I didn't get what I wanted but boy was I happy with the twist and turns this book took!  It was difficult in the first half dealing with Bella's pain and the fear that she'd die.  Plus the agony that Jacob went through loving her and thinking that she wouldn't live even if she'd never love him the way he wanted her too.    But this book was GREAT!  It made me fall in love with the characters all over again!  Read the entire series, you'll not be disappointed!
B0019FOC5E|5.0|Great shipping time and package arrived safely. Gave as a christmas gift, so I am not sure of the DVD, but I haven't heard anything bad.
078322799X|5.0|I saw a small part of this movie on tv and stopped right away because I wanted to see it all.  I looked everywhere trying to find it.  Due to the age of the movie online was my only option.  This movie is wonderful.  I'm normally not into 'scary' movies.  This movie has such a wonderful balance of fun and scary, it is a MUST SEE!
B001GKYBXA|5.0|I just purchased this CD and am listening to it as I write. The thought which comes to mind is this music is of similar significance to Brian Wilson's recent completion/updating of SMILE. Like SMILE, the album is a solo adventurous, mature work by one of the most accomplished song writers of the 20th century. Eclectic but familiar, the songs on this set are refreshing in that they are original without sacrificing substance, if that makes sense. The song \\"traveling Light\\" is very Brian Wilsony to my ears. The next track, which is playing now, utilizes a variation of the bass riff he played on Lennon's \\"Come Together\\". I am sure I will listen to this collection for a long time and it will become part of my permanent collection. In summary, I have the feeling I always did during the '60s when a new Beatles album came out. For that I am eternally grateful, Paul. Adventurous, creative, solid stuff. A real gem and a contender for album of the year.
B001GKJ2DE|4.0|Great movie but not worth price with extra content. I wish I bought the regular version saved some money.
B000301YY8|5.0|excellent service and product.  would definitely come back to this seller.  they are amazing
B001DRF84W|5.0|I like this movie more then the new one. It really is all preference because I watch all types of genres and prefer cinema. Picture is great exect the darker scences are extremely dark(dog fight scene).    For people who have not seen this or are just looking for a reason to compare both: The Incredible Hulk is comic book made to a comic book movie done right. Hulk is comic book translated to cinema done right. Both are different and comes down to preference. But I will note that Jennifer Connelly is more talented and hotter!
B00003CX8Y|5.0|I bought this as a christmas gift for my neice.  It is her favorite movie,  she was so happy to get it.  Her movie was lost when we moved last year and disney has it in the vault, so she thought she would never see it again.  Thanks amazon.
B000683VI4|5.0|This movie is wonderful. It displays what real love is and what a lot of marriages are missing-love, honor, and cherish til death do us part. Excellent characters and a magnificent story line.
0743270754|5.0|Read this book if you know anything at all about Abraham Lincoln, or very little! The author has crafted a   rich, detailed perspective of a man for all seasons, an American for all times. Our country longs for the depth and breath of his wisdom as much now as during the slice of history in which he lived. Truly, this is nonfiction at its finest! - Barbara Victoria
0740748475|5.0|I think very few can afford spending this much right now.  This collection is well worth it.
B001GZ6QC4|3.0|Little too dark for me, a 50 y/o female, but hubby loved it. Said it was the best so far.
1591127319|3.0|I was happy with the book, but didn't realize that I was also paying for a CD which included the audio of the book.  I would've rather paid less for just the book, because I didn't need - or use - the CD.
B000W91RUG|5.0|This is, without a doubt, my favorite show currently on television.    And quite possibly, my favorite show of all time.    Certainly it is hard to think of an ensemble cast that worked so naturally from the pilot on. Johnny Galecki, Kaley Cuoco, and Jim Parsons turn in stellar performances like they've been rehearsing their whole lives for these roles - and Simon Helberg and Kunal Nayyar brilliantly steal the stage in what otherwise might only have been a \\"sidekick\\" role with most other actors.     Sara Gilbert doesn't officially complete the ensemble until the second season, but also flawlessly executes her role as the \\"girl geek\\" in 2 episodes of the first season.    Anyone who has ever worked with a physicist, met a physicist, spoken to a physicist, or been in the general vicinity of a physicist (or other science & engineering type) would immediately recognize that these are superb composite characters of many such people - for the most part, they are really \\"like that\\"!     You'll fall in love watching these fun-loving, slightly socially-awkward geniuses and their under-the-radar neighbor. You get drawn in by the idea of one of these total nerds going out with the beautiful blonde next door, but you soon find out that there may be a lot more to these guys then equations and video games - and that the blonde is a lot smarter then she might seem at first!
1433502402|5.0|This Bible is solid resource for anyone who wants to dig deeper into God's word. As a pastor, I immediately integrated this Bible into my weekly sermon prep. The text, graphics, maps, and tables are all stunning and extremely helpful, as are the study notes, which are practical and well written.    Concerning the binding; it seems very well made and I have not had any of the issues with \\"bunching\\" that is listed in other reviews. And I absolutely love the look and feel of the TruTone Brown cover. Highly recommended.    This is the first Bible I've owned in a long time that I just don't want to put down.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I LOVE all the twilight series. Breaking dawn is my favourite!!! I think  every women fantasies are in this book. Oh don't we all want Edward or 2 be Bella?...:) I felt strongly that after reading this last one.
B00011F5DK|5.0|Great game for the entire family. My 5.5 year old caught one quick and played with my older kids, my wife and myself. It is a thinking game that challenges the mind. Great product!
031606792X|5.0|The book was in great shape.  It was delivered before I could believe it.
0545128285|4.0|I know that there was quite a bit of hype surrounding this book. This only leaves me wondering, why?? It is a very enjoyable backstory for true-blue HP fans, but if you are not a die hard, then don't waste the time. I liked the stories and wish there had been more. But Dumbledore's chatter took up most of the pages and was somewhat boring. I still gave it four stars, because it is a real gem for serious Potter fans. But it took only 30 minutes to complete and left me wanting more. Much more.
0956010903|5.0|I bought this for my 19 year-odl daughter who virtually devoured all 7 of the Harry Potter series.  Somehow she didn't know that this book, mentioned in the series, existed and was extremely pleased to have gotten it as a gift.  The Collector's edition was a rare find and well worth the rather pricey investment.
B0013FSL3E|4.0|We got this movie for a good price, delivered promptly and it is great fun.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Easily the best television show I have ever seen.  How even Fox cancelled this show, I can't really say.
0446579939|1.0|Every time Nicolas Sparks has a new book releasing around Christmas time, I always put in on my wish list. It always provides a fun, easy read and The Lucky One is no different. As long as you keep your expectations in check and temporarily overlook the multitude of clichs, gender stereotypes, predictability and overused character traits, this quick page turner is pure entertainment with very minimal effort. As a frame of reference, I've read just about every one of Sparks' books and I rank this one towards the bottom (The Notebook being the best).    The main character finds a picture of a mysterious woman while in Iraq and goes in search of her by foot upon his return home. He is led to believe that she has brought him luck and safety while at war. Essentially, he finds her and they fall in love...with a few bumps in the road. Does the fairy tale last forever? This is something I shall save for you to find out.    One portion of the book keeps coming to mind, which is the soldier's realization that the stresses of everyday life are minimal in comparison to being in a warzone where you see death and barely survive--a good reminder about putting everything into perspective.     I particularly enjoyed the relationship that the main character had with his dog--that was endearing.     On a final note, I must argue that the ex-husband's behavior at the very end of the book isn't consistent with the build-up throughout and I am left unmoved at the outcome.     Okay, now I am back to reading something a bit more robust and discussion-worthy. But it sure was a fun page turner. And, I'll still ask for the Sparks' next novel when it is released.     Feel free to comment on this review or your thoughts on the book or suggest a book for me to review.
B001GQACGO|5.0|Beyonce took a chance with this music endevor. But I think it worked. She did what she wanted with the slow ballad type of songs but still gave her hard core listeners what they crave from her.
B001GM28HO|4.0|Great CD, a few songs better than others, but can't complain about any of them. Love it!
B000002UAU|5.0|I went on line and purchased this item and was expecting to receive confirmation from the seller that my order had been received (which is common practice). However, I had to send two emails before I heard from the seller. She finally confirmed about a week later that the order had shipped; I got it the next day. The product was great! I just wish I would have heard from the seller a little sooner. In this day and age with scams and all, it made me a little nervous when I had to send two emails to confirm my purchase. Other than that - awesome!
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This movie is a must have for comic enthusiast and looks very awesome in Blu-Ray, it's just too bad it was filmed using film instead of being filmed digitally. But that's the directors fault.
B000HT3PPG|5.0|Wonderful edition! The television program was nice to see, but it is merely a chopped down redo of the movie, using most of the same script. The acting pales compared to the actual film, but is all right. The colorized version still does not sit well with me, I prefer the original black and white versions of films. All in all, however, this is a great buy!
0545128285|5.0|I bought this book for my 11 yr old for christamas, she's a big harry potter fan. She has read all the books and seen all the movies. I seen they had a new book out so I bought it for her to add to her collection.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This DVD collection is fascinating! Everyone should watch this to see how beautiful our world is!   It's amazing to see so many creatures and their habitats as well!   A must-see for the whole family!
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I just love this movie and can watch it over and over. It's so much fun and has a little bit of everything in it. Even the boys can enjoy.
0810994739|5.0|We purchased this book for our school library and it hasn't been on the shelf since!  It is a really cute book that my sons (7 and 9) have really enjoyed.  We are eagerly awaiting the next book in the series.    Also - The binding is really great on the book.
B001GQO50I|1.0|The reviews say it all here---this is not the 'official definitive' Doors release of the Matrix shows.  In fact, as someone pointed out, the original shows were recorded by the club owner Peter Abram, though not for a live album (this was early in their time).  Apparently, this release is not sourced from those tapes, which is the first problem.<br /><br />The other problem, as is painfully clear to anyone familiar with the bootleg releases of the four Matrix shows (over two separate days), the track listing on this release makes absolutely no sense.<br /><br />This is a very lame attempt to beat the bootleggers on this one, who have literally released better product years and years ago (Oil Well release, KTS boxset, etc, etc).  While The Doors have released some superb material of late (the uncut Absolutely Live shows, among others), this is a return to the more traditional mode of doctoring live material.  The sound here is inferior to the better bootlegs.  The tracks are all over the place on this one.<br /><br />The music is excellent...the versions of these songs are fresh as this is the band in all their early glory.  Plenty of blues, plenty of atmosphere.  It's a shame that nobody can just get a straight release of the Abram tapes...so stick to the bootlegs, which may be easier to find than ever (if you don't want the actual, original discs).  It's easy to be excited that these shows have finally been released 'officially', this is a shame and recommended only for the completist fanatic.  All others, might be best to stick with one of the Bright Midnight releases (Pittsburgh, Detroit, etc).<br /><br />And the cover art on this is even worse than the horrific liner notes the bootleggers would release.
B000065U1N|5.0|This is an action packed movie based on real events. If you get weak at the sight of blood this is not your film. With that said, it is important American history to remember. This movie is a fairly accurate film as it shows the strengths and flaws of both sides... and the integrity of the United States military to leave no one behind. For those into war films, as I am, this is one you want to add to your collection. To those into history, as I am, this is worth viewing so we don't forget what took place.
B000002A46|5.0|Love me some Mariah Carey.  This was actually a repurchase of a CD we wore out...had to get a new one.
B000FBGBPC|5.0|This is a great CD with lots of great songs.....the price at Amazon was the cheapest I found. Believe me I looked everywhere.
159448385X|4.0|When I reached the end of this book at 3:30 a.m., I couldn't sleep.  I spent the rest of the night wondering which woman I would be: Miriam, whose youth trained her to \\"endure,\\" or Laila, full of the self-confidence her father instilled in her, with resiliant hope for the future.      The book was terrifying because it describes a world in which some women are born even now, in the 21st century.  Their world is one of slavery, a reality in which both resistance and endurance are signs of personal strength.     I'm sure the quality of the writing is fine and I'll recommend the novel here, but the book is too disturbing to have in my home for a possible second reading.  I do thank the author for recommending a refugee organization he trusts, because by the time you reach his Afterward you want to take some productive action in response to what you've read.     I hope that this painful and terrifying work of fiction stimulates someone stronger than me to action beyond literary criticism.
B001IB63KQ|5.0|Excellent material, very good mixed. In the CD, the cuts between tracks are perfect.  Hayley sounds amazing in live!.
B0006GANOQ|5.0|I thought the movie to be great.  its a classic and  keeps you on the edge of your seat.  I liked it a lot better than the next one.  It reminds you to keep an eye out to you never know when you might find yourself on a hijacked buss!  Who dont love the drama and excitement of speed!
B000007XUQ|1.0|I was very disappointed with the cds.  There is nothing to indicate in the product description that many of the songs are not vocals by Karen.  Had I known I would not have purchased this product.
B0016Q2D5M|5.0|Yay!! This movie proves that excitement, adventure and danger do not automatically equal violence, sex jokes and crude behavior. I keep having to say NO to all of the Superhero movies because of the PG-13 rating. So it was great to be able to say \\"Yes\\" to my 7-year-old twin boys for once. This is a \\"manly\\" movie. The emotional issues men and boys face in life are handled succinctly, giving this movie more depth than the non-stop action would seem to allow. The 3D effects truly add to the excitement. The few gratuitous/gross ones were just plain old fun & funny. The theater was packed and people actually clapped at the end. I hope Hollywood pays attention and puts out more PG movies of this caliber.
B000NVIXFK|5.0|I have not been a rush fan for a long time, but I have been a dedicated fan for a short time. I have seen them in concert, and listened to everything from their earliest recordings to this album. After 30 plus years, Rush is still a great band that can make great music. This CD is great. The lyrics really make you think, however, Geddy's voice has deepened with age. The lyrics are not as \\"whiny and whaily\\" as they used to be. Personally, I liked \\"whiny and whaily\\" voice, but I guess Geddy cant sing like that any more. He is still a great singer though. The drums are, as always, amazing. The guitar is wonderful and intriguing. The bass binds everything together perfectly, in addition to some nice lines thrown into the mix. This CD is a must have for any Rush fan. If you are new to rush, start off with some of there earlier stuff. But, you can listen to this album if you really want to. Nobody will regret getting this magnificent album.
B001ED7C5I|4.0|A lot of the songs have a spiritual theme. so forth right some subliminal. Great song writting as always.
B000Q66PXE|4.0|This series is absolutely beautiful to watch. The sets and costumes are amazing, the actors were also wonderful. But warning - do not expect a very happy series. It basically became one tragic event after another, but then again it is history.
B00005JLD4|5.0|This is a great movie.  It's sad though to see yet another example of man's inhumanity to man.  I would highly recommend this film.
B000YCLRBA|5.0|All of the roles in this performance at the Metropolitan Opera were nearly perfectly done.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|I was of many that flocked to the theaters to see this film and rushed out to buy the dvd asap! The film is beautifully shot and it just shows the progression of what batman will become. The special features were really cool sepecially when they talked about one of the bat vehicles and how hard it was to get someone to even drive it. That really was the main reason I wanted the two disc copy because I knew the info on the special effects and all the gagets would be on there; and yes they were! Worth every penny.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|The provider gave customer a calendar and Christmas card. Someone who maybe a complete stranger gave some holiday cheer to another stranger is always a plus. Movie was excellent and would buy from seller again.
B000002QWD|5.0|Received promptly and was happy to have this classic to add to my Christmas CD collection.
B00005NOOH|4.0|video is very high quality, DVD appears to be mastered from the original BBC series footage, unlike lots of other WWII DVD (television) offers that look like they were copied from a VCR playing back in EP mode (complete with head switching noise, flagging, tape wrinkle noise). My only minor complaint is that they should've made it so you could play through all 4 episodes (i.e. \\"Play all\\") on the disks.
B001KMB6YG|4.0|There are just some movies you can't walk into with a closed sense of logic and reality. This is one of them.    If your entire criticism is based on the film being 'dissed by its own director' you should realize that the director didn't technically condemn his own film, or the idea of it. He was upset and disappointed with the end product because they took away his creative freedom and tailored it for the mainstream. Yes, this unfortunate fact is noticeable, but I believe some beautiful concepts still managed to seep in nonetheless. Behind what seems, at surface value, an action flick are some deeper and palpable allusions to the negativity of technological advance, extremist religion, society as a whole, and a general lack of humanity.    Give it a chance. Not all creative works of fiction have to bend to the wills of science and overdone character traits. I found this film refreshing, for the most part well-acted, and surprisingly sentimental.
B00003CXAT|5.0|I ordered because I only had it on video and have no video player anymore.  It's one of my favorite movies and can go into any part of the movie and be captivated.
B000I5X81K|4.0|This was a gift to my grand daughter.  She loves it and we are satisfied with the order and delivery.
0743487583|4.0|This paperback, published by Simon and Schuster, is NOT a bowdlerized edition.  Instead it is the 1818 version, one preferred by many scholars.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I purchased John Adams Miniseries as gifts.  We received them in a timely manner.
B001DHXT6G|5.0|I have been a fan of the show since my father introduced it to me when it was in syndication back in New York City in the 1970's on WPIX Channel 11 on Saturdays at 6pm. I have since long moved from the city but as of I guess 2 years ago in Broome County New York on My Network t.v. channel they began showing the remastered show on t.v. it was great to see it enhanced but one thing I did notice though maybe it is just me that certain scenes are edited and I wonder if anyone has noticed that on the d.v.d. release. I can't remember what scenes in episodes but I will eventually buy this set at some point of time. Kudos to them for doing this and I bet Gene and all those would be proud to see this as well. Live Long and Prosper everyone.
B001D52XO2|5.0|I've owned the complete Nina Simone discography for some time, but I wanted this box set specifically for the 8 previously unreleased tracks and the 1970 documentary that I assumed had been lost.<br /><br />The new material is fantastic.  I'd gladly have paid just to hear the new, live recording of &#34;Suzanne&#34; included in this set.  It's a brilliant concert piece, equal parts bold and vulnerable.  I'd heard Nina sing with her brother Samuel a couple of times, at a 1968 concert on the album Live at the Great Show in Paris (in fact, recorded at the Swiss Montreux Jazz Festival), and the It Is Finished album (1974), but if not for the release of &#34;Let it Be Me&#34; included on this set for the first time, I would never have known how truly talented and soulful he was.  Music was clearly a family trait.<br /><br />The DVD is brief (only about 20 minutes) but packs a punch.  Nina is engaging and captivating, especially when she muses with her interviewer that freedom must be the equivalent of having no fear.  A rehearsal cut of &#34;Don't You Pay Them No Mind&#34; before a concert is overwhelming.  This was always one of my favorite songs on the High Priestess of Soul album and to see her perform it with the accompaniment of her grand piano, her vibrato trembling, is really something to behold.  She closes a concert with &#34;I Wish I Knew How (It Would Feel to Be Free),&#34; taking the song in a new and liberating direction, singing along and quoting Bible scripture while her band provides a hypnotic chant.<br /><br />This could easily pass as an introduction to Nina Simone's work, if that is what you're looking for.  I don't agree with all of the choices included here as a career spanning collection, but this is an artist who recorded so many albums on so many different labels, if you took two Nina fans and asked them to assemble her best work, you'd inevitably come up with two completely different collections.  It's part of the beauty of her music.<br /><br />Attached to the set is a booklet with extensive track notes for every song, written by David Nathan, a founder of Nina's British fan club and frequent biographer of her life and career.  While a bit strained in some parts, his devotion is clear.<br /><br />This is a great collection and I'm thankful to the producers who continue to memorialize this incomparably brilliant, yet often overlooked, singer/songwriter/pianist.<br /><br />Highly recommended.xtensive track notes for every song, written by David Nathan, a founder of Nina's British fan club and frequent biographer of her life and career.  While a bit strained in some parts, his devotion is clear.  This is a great collection and I'm thankful to the producers who continue to memorialize this incomparably brilliant, yet often overlooked, singer/songwriter/pianist.  Highly recommended.
0545128285|5.0|Excellent Book.  I bought for my grandson and he read it in a week.  This is great for a kid who hates to read.  I, too have read it.  The short descriptions and synopsis after each chapter give a greater insight to the world of Harry Potter, Hogwarts and the rest of the group.
B0013FSL3E|4.0|I enjoyed this movie very much.  It is not just for children, but every age group.  It was entertaining yet had meaning. It was amazing how the characters were able to show emotion!
B0013FSL3E|5.0|i got this as a xmas gift for a friend<br />and they were very happy to see it.<br />its the best pixar movie i have ever seen
1400095204|5.0|Absolutely brilliant and heart-breaking. I have sent this copy to a friend in Nigeria, who has not been able to get her hands on a copy of this book. All Nigerians, and all people interested in the history and fate of Nigeria, should read this book.
B001E75QH0|5.0|I received great communication through amazon and the product was shipped to me in an adequate amount of time...I will definitely be using amazon again!
031606792X|5.0|It was exciting to relate to the characters so much so that when I was finished reading the entire saga I felt like I've lost friends that I can't \\"check in\\" on anymore. I'm looking forward to reading more of Stephenie Meyer's work in the future.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|I've been trying to record this series off of the reruns on TV, but it hasn't worked very well, and there are the terrible awful commercials to contend with (I don't have TIVO). Plus, I don't care for the censored version they show on family channels, so I've wanted to buy this for a long time. The only thing that stopped me was the prohibitive cost - $300 - eek! Finally I found it for $99, and bought it immediately. It's so much fun to just randomly pick a disc and watch it. I love these gals!
B001DPHDCY|5.0|I really, really love this movie! (as does my 6 year old son). Highly recommended! They really expand from the book and Jim Carey is great.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|The CD was still wrapped and brand new as promised. Fast shipping, even in the holiday season. Great Seller.
0061537934|3.0|A friend who knows how much I love dogs told me about this book.  Most of the book is \\"narrated\\" by a dog.  I found it to be an interesting concept.  It was pretty light reading until about 3/4 of the way through.  In all honesty, that part (I skimmed most of it) was just too much of an emotional bummer for me to go through.  I picked it up again for the ending, and loved it.  I think the author could have entirely skipped that agonizing part and come out with a better read.
B000WCBPOG|5.0|What a wonderful soundtrack this is. I don't know how I missed seeing this movie when it came out in late 2007 but better late than never. \\"Across the universe\\" is a musical movie and like last year's \\"Mamma Mia!\\" (which was based on songs by swedish supergroup ABBA), it is based on songs done by the Beatles. It is so well done, you'd swear the Beatles wrote the songs specially for the movie.<br /><br />Now, the only music by the Beatles I own is their compilation \\"1\\" so this is a great introduction to more music by the Beatles to people like me. Like loads of reviewers have stated, seeing the movie helps one appreciate this CD much better. The songs are performed (credibly I must say) by the cast of the movie.<br /><br />I love every single song on this CD (I have the deluxe edition with 31 tracks) and I'm glad to see practically every song used in the movie is here and chronologically arranged too. A few favourites are the Gospel treatment of \\"Let it be\\" (by Carol Woods & Timothy T. Mitchum), Joe Cocker's Bluesy take on \\"Come together\\" (the best remake of this song I've heard, far superior to efforts by Michael Jackson or Sugababes), \\"Strawberry fields forever\\" (by Jim Sturgess), \\"All you need is love\\" by Jim Sturgess and a Janis Joplin channelling Dana Fuchs (she reminds me of Anastasia and Taylor Dayne), \\"Happiness is a warm gun\\" and Hey Jude\\" by Joe Anderson (though I miss the harmonising on the latter song by Jude's mom in the movie version), a Jazzy \\"All my loving\\" by Jim Sturgess, and \\"I want you (She's so heavy)\\" by Joe Anderson, Dana Fuchs, T.V. Carpio & Ensemble.<br /><br />Bono's take on \\"I am the walrus\\" is so trippy and fab, previously the only version of this song I'd heard was a noisy and boring remake by UK rockers Oasis. Evan Rachel Wood does a lovely acoustic rendition of \\"If I fell\\", while a Hendrix-channelling Martin Luther McCoy does a gentle soulful performance of \\"While my guitar gently weeps\\" (with a beautiful weeping guitar solo). A few of the songs are given slightly different treatments on the CD (the afore mentioned \\"Hey Jude\\" being an example, and also the \\"She loves you, yeah yeah yeah\\" bit left out from \\"All you need is love\\") and if the director is to be believed, the songs were performed live while shooting the movie, accounting for the very believable performances.<br /><br />Some Beatles purists will understandably raise hell over the \\"desecration\\" of these classics but I think this is a superbly and sensitively done soundtrack which will introduce the music of the fab four to a newer audience.ightly different treatments on the CD (the afore mentioned \\"Hey Jude\\" being an example, and also the \\"She loves you, yeah yeah yeah\\" bit left out from \\"All you need is love\\") and if the director is to be believed, the songs were performed live while shooting the movie, accounting for the very believable performances.     Some Beatles purists will understandably raise hell over the \\"desecration\\" of these classics but I think this is a superbly and sensitively done soundtrack which will introduce the music of the fab four to a newer audience.
B001ECQ75A|4.0|This also was for christmas for grandson they were excited to get home to watch it
B000V86OKG|5.0|I was not sure how this series could follow up the great initial season, but it managed to exceed my expectations!    New twists, new characters, and brand new relationships!  This season has it all!  Dexter has to get even smarter, and more careful than before as the cops and the feds are just a few steps behind him the entire season.  So many close calls will keep you on the edge of your seats like you are watching a movie rather than a television show.    This show is one of the most underrated on television, and I have no idea how season 3 will beat out season 2, but I am looking forward to it!  Enjoy!
B001EYGOEM|5.0|This album is great.  Much better than I expected from such a young lady.  She should be proud of her work and I wish her all the best in her future endeavors.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I bought this season solely on the incredible reviews on Amazon.  I had never heard of the show prior to the purchase, and had no idea what to expect.  I fell in love with this show almost immediately!    The main character is an incredible actor, the plot is crazy (but completely believable), and the co-stars make the show great.  What can be better than a serial killer hunter that turns out to be the best serial killer of all?  I bought the second season after watching just two episodes of the first season!    You will absolutely love the end of the season!  Get ready to spend a few days glued to the television as you blow through this series.  You will have a great time!
0307265730|4.0|My wife has read this book.  She noemally does not like the short-story approach, but this one she thought was very good.  We have some friends that were in the same situation and the book really tells the story of trheir problems.
B001GKJ2E8|5.0|After about 30 minutes of this movie, I really thought I had made a mistake buying it.  I did not like how the plot was unfolding, and the acting seemed subpar.  However, this flick made a huge comeback at around the 30 minute mark.  Angelina Jolie gives one of her best performances, and the main character suddenly begins to become an awesome actor.  The plot suddenly gets interesting, and you will want to watch it again as soon as the movie finishes.  I recommend this movie to anyone looking for a fun couple of hours.  Don't let the slow start bother you.  The second time you watch it, you will understand why it starts how it does.    Enjoy!
B001FSDOZO|5.0|I'm a huge Nickelback fan so I was excited to hear about the release.  And I wasn't disappointed.  I love EVERY song on the CD.  I've recommended it to friends and family as well.  It's classic Nickelback at their absolute best!!
B00004W221|5.0|I ordered a DVD and it arrived well before the promised delivery date! Excellent service.
B00140PK6O|5.0|I missed the first episode when this aired on PBS, but when I came in on the second episode, I knew I would be purchasing the dvd. I have never read the book(s) this series is based on, so I didn't have any expectations, but the stories and the people in the village of Cranford charmed me immediately. The cast is incredible, the plots are engaging, and the conclusion ties everything neatly together. I really enjoyed how the workings of the entire community, from landed gentry to the working class, were explored, revealing interesting details of 19th century life.
B001F290E4|4.0|It's great to hear the old cuts again.  He does most of them justice.
B000Z27HLS|3.0|Northanger Abbey is probably the \\"lightest\\" of Austen's novel, and this adaptation is the lightest film adaptation I've ever seen. It's been \\"sexed up\\" for modern audiences by the inclusion of several fantasy or dream sequences which I found rather obnoxious and disturbing. My young kids were in the room when this movie was on, and it was the only time I've ever been concerned that Austen wasn't suitable for children. The two leads are charming and fun to watch, and the film stays mostly true to the story. I enjoyed it but can't say it's one of my favorites. UPDATE: I was recently given the dvd of this film as a gift, and I was surprised to see that at least one scene which raised my eyebrows a bit (a fantasy/dream scene involving a minister and a bathtub) was not included. I had seen that scene on Masterpiece when the movie originally aired, but it apparently was left out of the US version of the dvd that was bought for me, I think from Amazon. Honestly, that slightly improved my take on the film as it took out some unneeded though mild raciness that might have hindered me from recommending it to younger kids.
B000002J09|5.0|A MUST for any Led Zeppelin fan! Every song is a winner, and you still here echos of this album influencing new artists today! Also a great \\"travel\\" CD to take on a road trip.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Like other reviewers, I bought this dvd sight-unseen, and loved it at once! Gaskell's tale is wonderfully told (read the book if you haven't already) and the acting is excellent. While all the actors do a wonderful job, Richard Armitage practically walks off with the production. With his smoldering good looks and expressive eyes, he does for his character John Thornton what Colin Firth did for Mr. Darcy back in 1995.
032147404X|5.0|I am really enjoying this book.  The tips are quick and simple resulting in better pictures.  Great book.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|This is my favorite film adaptation of my favorite Austen novel. I saw it years ago on PBS and wore out a VHS copy before finally finding it on dvd. I teach high school English, and my students dislike this version because they have been spoon-fed by Hollywood and want everything slick and sanitized, and this is neither. The actors are all \\"regular-looking\\" people without a gorgeous, Hollywood face in the bunch, but the acting is first rate. Amanda Root is brilliant as the faded heroine Ann Eliot, and I really connected with her interpretation of a somewhat shy, intelligent, and often overlooked \\"woman of a certain age.\\" Ciaran Hinds plays Captain Wentworth as stern and serious but then lets you see his vulnerability as he gradually drops his defenses and admits his true feelings. If you're looking for a slick and sexy modernized Austen, this one isn't for you, but if you want a true adaptation of a wonderful story with great acting and a beautiful conclusion, this may turn out to be your favorite, too.
B00005U122|5.0|This DVD is better than I expected. I was at this concert at the Gorge and it was the same show! Even my friends that are not fans watched it intensly. I recommend having the closed caption on so you can follow all the words.
B000YIGNKE|1.0|Persuasion is my favorite Austen novel, so this movie was pure butchery to me. The story, the characters, the charm, all of it was lost in what felt to me like a rushed attempt to make Persuasion-lite. The only reason I watched this movie all the way through is I kept thinking it had to get better, but it just devolved. The only good thing I can say about the film is to agree with everyone who has the sense of sight that Rupert Penry-Jones is a beautiful man, but he is given nothing to do in this movie except stand around looking good with all the expressiveness of a gorgeous stone.
1423113497|5.0|I bought this set for my daughter, who's a fan of Greek mythology, and ended up enjoying them myself as well. Like the \\"Harry Potter\\" and \\"Narnia\\" series, these books appeal to readers of all ages. I also appreciated the prominent featuring of strong female characters.     Some of the plot twists I did find a bit on the predictable side but I still thought the books were highly entertaining.
0805047905|5.0|I got this for my 19 month old son and he loves it!  he has so many books to choose from and i bought this for him for christmas and he picks it out of his bookshelves and runs to me to read it to him.<br />great book. 5 stars.
1439102813|5.0|\\"What if every memory you've ever had will be erased from your mind, and you have no choice but to carry on...powerless to stop it?\\"    There are strong promises implied in this tag for the book, Still Alice, at Simon and Schuster's web site, and author Lisa Genova duly delivers.  Indeed, for a first time novelist this well-crafted drama is a tour de force. Additionally, for any novelist it's both a creative achievement and important contribution to a vastly under-researched and even under-reported disease.    I won't summarize the book's plot here, as other reviewers have done quite appropriately.  What I will say, however, is that it's both a novel that succeeds with its gripping and heart-rending plot, fulfilling the publisher's promise, and also a truer-than-life testament to those coping with early-onset Alzheimer's Disease.  So, the book will appeal to general readers like me with no direct experience with or prior knowledge of the disease and also to those immediately involved in the role of care-giver and (more importantly) to those struggling with the debilitating effects of the disease.  This book is well-written from a craft standpoint and a phenomenal contribution to the existing literature from the standpoint of those who have early-onset Alzheimer's Disease.  This focus on those who suffer with the disease is truly unique and sets the book apart from the existing body of literature.  Prediction: Future New York Times Top 10 and a Book Pick by Oprah. You heard it here first.    Simon and Schuster wrap up their description of the book thusly, \\"At once beautiful and terrifying, this extraordinary debut novel by Lisa Genova is a moving and vivid depiction of life with early-onset Alzheimer's Disease that is as compelling as A Beautiful Mind and as unforgettable as Ordinary People,\\" and in this instance the hype delivers.    If you already own the book I'd suggest the audio book, read and illuminated by Genova herself  [[ASIN:0743583256 Still Alice]]    butget the paperback first for your shelf.  [[ASIN:1439102813 Still Alice]]
0956010903|1.0|I bought two of these as Christmas presents for two grandsons.  They have been huge J.K. Rowling fans and avid readers of Harry Potter.  I returned the books immediately up receipt after viewing the truly disgusting quality of the units that were dramatically overpriced at $100.00 each.    I was shocked that Amazon would connect their good name to this product.
B001AR0D4A|5.0|There are many reviews available .Cutting through the great acting, and special effects, all top notch.The ending of this movie, makes it  one of the 5 best horror /Si Fi movies ever made.Oh Did I Mention The Ending.
B001C08RHA|5.0|ASIN: B001C08RHA I have watched this movie on several occasions and love the quality of the picture and sound to me this was a great purchase this was cheaper than I could buy anywhere else and  at the same quality
B0000047CW|5.0|The sound of the sax which I like Samba Triste, and hear only this is the best
B000X5SPBI|5.0|I so far have bought all seasons of SN. I think the show is amazing. It has some comedic edge to it, drama, action, and that touch of scary but not too scary. The show is centered around two brothers and the actors who portrayed them, Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki, do an amazing job.   Try out,you wont regret it.
B0009I84UG|5.0|I like Lagrimas Negras in music. I am fascinated by a trumpet entering in the middle of music
B0016CP1TQ|1.0|i bought the album and it was a mistake!   I must not have read the LP part of the description.  However, it said that a free download was available.  After reading everything on the album, there is NO FREE download.  It said you needed a code (possibly the small hard to read number under the sticker.  It was a big disappointment.  After hooking up the old LP, I was not in the MOOD anymore.  Sorry.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|This movie has become a family Christmas classic, starting with my children and now my grandchildren.  It is short enough to keep their attention (no words, only music) and has a very calming effect on all of us who watch it.  As far as delivery of the product, it came in the amount of time specified.  No complaints.
B000BU2DC2|5.0|There are enough reviews extolling the virtues of this DVD. All fail to mention that if you turn on the French Language Subtitles you will get audio commentary tracks for all the bonus tracks! If you watch all the way through the credits it cuts to the video of 'First It Giveth' just Josh and Nick.
B00003CXA6|3.0|Movie was slow. The amount of film used could have been about half and been more entertaining. Lee was shown in a negative light, and no mention of General Custer heading off J.E.B. Stuart as he headed for Gettysburg. Otherwise an adequate use of time.
1400106656|4.0|This book is read by an Indian gentleman which gives true flavor to the narrative. Since we often speak with natives of Bangalore when getting tech support, it's interesting to gat a taste of life for what the people wo  live there c=actually go through.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|When I received the invitation to review this product, I was reluctant.  Not because I did not want to, but because I was afraid that I could not do it justice.  So please, consider that my comments are not perfect, and accept what I have to offer with an open mind.    For me, the product was of good quality and entertaining.  I enjoyed it and would recommend it.    However, I believe that \\"The Dark Knight\\" was made interesting and entertaining by Batman's enemy, The Joker, and not Batman himself.  Bale delivers the Batman, but, much like \\"Batman Begins,\\" the audience is still left with that 'Is this Batman as good as Michael Keaton?' feeling.    Heath Ledger did for \\"The Dark Knight\\" what Jack Nicholson did for \\"Batman.\\"  Simply put, Nicholson's Joker is more of a 'Comic Book' view (although sinister) of the Joker, while Ledger's Joker is a gritty 'Graphic Novel' view of the Clown Prince of Crime.  These talented actors have delivered two completely different performances that have served to offer two different perspectives on the Joker.  Neither is better than the other.  Neither disappoints.
B0000TB014|1.0|do not buy this DVD, it is not formatted for dvd players in the U.S.
031606792X|2.0|Caution: There are a few spoilers to follow.  I am 55 years old and my daughter is 17.  She is beginning \\"Eclipse,\\" and I am about 100 pages into \\"Breaking Dawn.\\"  I enjoyed \\"Twilight,\\" and thought that it was a nice take on \\"Romeo and Juliet.\\"  I have become increasingly disenchanted with books #2 and 3 for many of the same reasons others have cited (Bella has become a selfish whiner, the writing is repetitious, it takes forever for something to happen, etc.)  I am really disliking \\"Breaking Dawn,\\" however.  If this series is truly designed for young women, and I suspect many who are reading it are in the pre-teen to young teenager category, then I have to strongly object to the ever-increasing sex scenes and the macabre, stomach-turning plot.  Do young girls really have to read about Bella and her black lingerie being shredded during a night of vampire passion, even if she is married to the vampire?  Do we have to read about how vampires feel about menstruation? Is it really okay for young women to assume that waking up the morning after covered with bruises, even if Edward didn't mean to, is okay?  And what happens to Bella after the honeymoon, which is where I currently am in the book, is turning my stomach.  I would venture to guess that even dedicated Edward lovers may be repulsed. Is it okay for a woman's husband to propose that he share her with another man?  At this point I am forcing myself to finish the book so that my daughter and I can discuss it, but it is not enjoyable reading.  This series sends a number of mixed messages to girls that I don't think are positive and, in some cases, are quite disturbing and even sick.
067960085X|1.0|Ok, so I know I'm probably alone on this one, but it's one of the few books I have read that I would not recommend. I have never seen the movie, so maybe I missed some link. I found it was lacking any form of structure and I think some of the language was dated (of course seeing when it was writen) and maybe some \\"American\\" terms that because I am not familar with I missed the point. However, I did get two quotes out of it and it was a short read so not a huge time investment to loose.
B00030DEQE|5.0|Rock solid product. Several guys at work use this same card.<br /><br />I wish I could say the same for some (non-Intel) Draft wireless-N cards!
0743454537|5.0|Having not read any of Joid Picoults other books and hearing all the hype i was a bit sceptical. But the book has really made me question some of my beliefs that I thought were so obviously well founded. Definately a tear jerker for me, but that could have been due to the impact on my thinking. The end is slightly disapointing but surprising. It would have been great to have a happily ever after ending.
B001ECQ6YW|5.0|Wonderfully funny and a laugh a minute (just about)--I suspect both the young and the young-at-heart would smile watching it.
B0002JJBZY|5.0|i have been a trekkie since the begining. now if we can get star wars to make a complete set like this. thank you gene rodenbury.
B001EOQWEO|5.0|A beautiful movie at a variety of levels that anyone and everyone in your family will enjoy, over and over again.
B0002OERI0|4.0|Best Album I ever bought, liked all songs loved most of them. Runs the emotional gammet and I listen to it all the time
B000957O7S|5.0|The DVD was bought for my step-granddaughter, who loves Will Smith anything! That having been said, as always, the performance of Amazon and its \\"work-withs\\" has been excellent. Better than I would ask or hope for! That's all I can say, and I have said it from the first time I ordered from AMAZON.COM.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This historical protrayal is well done and kept us wanting to get to the next time it was on when we watched it as a mini series.  Definitely an enjoyable film, well acted and accurate to the time period.
B000N6U0DS|5.0|The DVD was bought for my step-granddaughter, who loves Will Smith anything! That having been said, as always, the performance of Amazon and its \\"work-withs\\" has been excellent. Better than I would ask or hope for! That's all I can say, and I have said it from the first time I ordered from AMAZON.COM.
B0008ENICU|5.0|\\"The Women\\" will go down in movie history as the quentiessential ladies film.  The central character, Mary Haines (Norma Shearer), is the one who is enduring her share of pain when learning of her husband's affair with a sneaky department store clerk (MGM studio rival Joan Crawford).  With Rosalind Russell, Paulette Goddard, Lucile Watson, Marjorie Main and other cast members providing noted performances, \\"The Women\\" was directed with skill and strong, entertainment quality by the legendary George Cukor, who took the screenplay from the Clare Boothe Luce Broadway comedy that ran for a then-record 666 performances.  And, yes, who can forget the technicolor fashion scene with the high fashions of 1939 flashing before your eyes?  This is a comedy for the ages.  To today's moviegoers, Norma Shearer is best remembered for \\"The Women\\" as opposed to her other films such as \\"Marie Antoinette,\\" \\"The Divorcee\\" (her only Oscar-winner), \\"A Free Soul,\\" to name a few.  This marked Shearer's last \\"great film\\" appearance, although she would do two more MGM films before leaving the screen in 1942.  As Mary, she nurtures a daughter, gets advice from her mother, and uses \\"Jungle Red\\" to later get back the man of her life from Crawford.  The fight scene between Russell and Goddard was hilarious to the hilt as the ladies settle down on a western ranch away from New York City.  And Mary Boland's countess was interesting with her emphasis on la'mour, la'mour, la'mour (love in French).    With an all-female cast, \\"The Women\\" shows bonding, feuding, and glamour in one, golden package.  A must-see for all.
B000HEWEJO|4.0|This is a good Christmas story.  We were disappointed that it was not in color. Otherwise...excellent.
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|Fabulous, fun, great acting, sing and dance along. Movies like this are few and far between. I was never an ABBA fan but I love the way these songs are presented. Great for all ages. Meryl Streep is at her best. Very, very well cast and choreographed.
0316017922|5.0|In reviews of Malcolm Gladwell's previous books, The Tipping Point and Blink, I express an opinion that Gladwell offers an insight that others have previously expressed and then requires 300+ pages to discuss it. His key points in both books could have been made in an article. Gladwell's \\"tipping point\\"(2002), for example, is essentially the same as Michael Kami's \\"trigger point\\" (1988) and Andrew Gove \\"inflection point\\" (1996). (Gladwell does acknowledge the importance of an article, \\"Broken Windows,\\" co-authored by James Wilson and George Kelling for The Atlantic Monthly in 1982). When I began to read Outliers, therefore, I feared that Gladwell would once again offer a thoughtful but verbose examination of a by-now familiar insight: success requires more than extraordinary talent.<br /><br />That said, Outliers is (in my opinion) his most significant and most valuable book thus far. As the Epilogue clearly indicates, this is also his most personal book. In it, Gladwell demonstrates superior storyteller skills as he discusses several quite different situations that demonstrate that \\"the values of the world we inhabit and the people we surround ourselves with have a profound effect on who we are...[Those who succeed] owe something to parentage and patronage. [They] may look like they did all by themselves. But in fact they are invariably the beneficiaries of hidden advantages and extraordinary opportunities and cultural legacies that allow them to learn and work hard and make sense of the world in ways others cannot...It's not enough to ask what successful people are like, in other words. It is only by asking where they are [begin italics] from [end italics] that we can unravel the logic behind who succeeds and who doesn't.\\"<br /><br />Gladwell provides many different versions of \\"the story of success\\" involving those who demonstrate what sociologists call \\"accumulative advantage.\\" For example, in any youth sports competition (especially hockey) that groups players according to the calendar year of birth, those who are born in January, February, or March are more likely to be bigger, better coordinated, and more talented because of \\"the phenomenon of relative age.\\" They will play more often, receive more individual attention, and be selected to play on better teams because they were born closest to the cut-off date. Their success follows a predictable course. \\"Outliers are those who have been given opportunities - and who have had the strength and presence of mind to seize them.\\" Clearly, Gladwell agrees with Geoff Colvin that \\"talent is overrated.\\" As does Colvin, he cites The 10,000-Hour Rule and suggests that \\"once a musician has enough ability to get into a top music school, the thing that distinguishes one performer from another is how hard he or she works. That's it. And what's more, the people at the top don't work just harder or even much harder than everyone else. They work much, [begin italics] much [end italics] harder.\\"<br /><br />John Maxwell makes the same point in Talent Is Never Enough. If it were, \\"then the most effective and influential people would always be the most talented ones but that is often not the case...Clearly talent isn't everything.\\" That said, he hastens to add, talent is worthy of our admiration and must be perceived in the proper perspective. Maxwell's key point is that all of us have a choice, actually several choices, and can determine to what extent (if any) we take full advantage of the talents we have, such as they are. \\"If you do, you will add value to yourself, add value to others, and accomplish much more than you dreamed was possible.\\" Gladwell agrees but would presumably stress, also, the importance of others (family members, teachers, coaches, clergy, patrons, and mentors) to being able to commit 10,000 hours, \\"the magic number of greatness,\\" to (Colvin's term) \\"deliberate practice.\\" The success of the various outliers whom Gladwell discusses is not exceptional or mysterious. \\"It is grounded in a web of advantages and inheritances, some deserved, some not, some earned, some just plain lucky - but all critical to making them who they are. The outlier, in the end, is not an outlier at all.\\"of advantages and inheritances, some deserved, some not, some earned, some just plain lucky - but all critical to making them who they are. The outlier, in the end, is not an outlier at all.\\"
B000WEMH3C|5.0|This cover does it's job.  It protects the grill.  Is it the premium cover, no.  I understand that I am hoping for 3-5 years per cover.  For what it is, it is a superb product.
B001CTA1S4|3.0|***1/2<br /><br />Strong performances are the saving grace of \\"Doubt,\\" an otherwise uneven, overly glib tale of possible sexual abuse in one New York City parish circa 1964.<br /><br />Sister Aloysius is a tradition-bound nun who goes through life utterly untroubled by uncertainty or doubt, running her convent and grade school with unyielding self-righteousness and the iron fist of unchallenged authority. Sister Aloysius doesn't take any more kindly to the accoutrements of the modern world - she has banned all ballpoint pens from the premises and decries \\"Frosty the Snowman\\" as a celebration of pagan magic - than she does to the \\"liberalizing\\" effect Vatican II has had on the Church she views as the last bastion of morality in an increasingly permissive and immoral world.  This puts her in direct conflict with Father Flynn, a reform-minded, man-of-the-people priest who is more concerned with his parishioners' needs than with church ritual per se - yet whom Sister Aloysius has reason to suspect might be a pedophile.  Or is she simply targeting the man and seeing what she wants to see because his view of the Church is so at odds with her own?  The third main character, Sister James, is a perpetually upbeat but generally nave novice who becomes more than a disinterested bystander in the war-of-wills that erupts between her two equally hardnosed superiors.<br /><br />In adapting his play to the screen, writer/director John Patrick Shanley hits on some intriguing themes revolving around certainty vs. doubt and traditionalism vs. progressivism, but the movie isn't always as intellectually honest and convincing as one might wish it to be, especially when Shanley indulges in such hokey effects as the winter wind batting against the windows or well-orchestrated thunder bolts crashing overhead at  \\"meaningful\\" and dramatic moments in the picture.  Similarly, the reactions the characters have to one another and the situation they're involved in don't always ring true given the less enlightened time period in which the story takes place.  And the final \\"transformative\\" moment comes upon us with such abruptness and with so little preparation that it quite literally rings down the curtain on the entire enterprise.<br /><br />Yet, despite all these flaws, \\"Doubt\\" periodically rises to the occasion and does justice to the complexity of its subject matter.  This is particularly the case in a searing scene between Sister Aloysius and the mother of one of the boys who may have fallen victim to Father Flynn's inappropriate conduct, a scene that catches us completely off-guard with its sheer unexpectedness and its paradigm-shifting effect on the story.<br /><br />Moreover, the performances are uniformly excellent, starting with Meryl Streep who brings a surprising amount of humor and even warmth to a character who is, for all intents and purposes, cut off from her emotions by her dogmatically rigid nature.  Phillip Seymour Hoffman effectively keeps us guessing as to the truth about his character, never tipping his hand one way or the other as to what is taking place in the depths of his soul.  Amy Adams makes a compelling stand-in for those of us in the audience who are trying to reserve judgment on these two characters before all the facts are revealed.  Special note must also be taken of Viola Davis, superb in her brief but unforgettable appearance as the mother who delivers an unsettling response to news that her son may have been the victim of a sexual predator.<br /><br />The movie seems to suggest that one can never have one hundred percent certitude about anything in this life and that actions must often be taken even when all the \\"facts\\" in a particular case can never be fully known.  Yet, what happens when such an action could result in the destruction of another person's livelihood and reputation?  It's an interesting theme that is only sporadically well addressed by \\"Doubt,\\" but the food-for-thought that the movie provides makes it worth checking out anyway.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|I waited months to see this final season on TV. It was not forthcoming. I'm 61 years old and still watch the \\"Gilmore Girls\\" reruns when I get a chance. It was wonderful to finally see the rest of the story. I was not disappointed. Wish it didn't have to end.
0307346609|3.0|***No spoilers***  Being an avid reader and huge post-apocalyptic zombie fan I thought I would really enjoy this book. I think this book suffers in two ways. One is that it tries to be to realistic and instead comes off sounding fake. I never felt scared or hopeless for a character and some of the stories were just silly. Second is that the book was less about a zombie war and more about Max Brooks attempt to prove his socio-economic prowess by attempting to describe what would happen in rural china during a zombie outbreak. Very disappointed, if you are looking for something ala Richard Mattheson I am Legend you will not be happy.
B00004XQ83|5.0|You need to take a chill pill dude! 5 negetive and mean spirited comments to other people who hate this soundtrack for 1 reason or another is a bit much! They have as much of a right to post as well as you do!    The day that Amazon stops allowing idiots the right to review will be the day I stop surfing Amazon!    By the way, I have the DVD and the Soundtrack and I love them!
B001EN71DG|4.0|my son is a star wars fan 2nd generation, and was absolutley delighted to recieve this for his christmas present
B000RJO578|1.0|i have tried to play this and it wont work...can someone get back to me about this....not a happy customer!!!
B000056HE9|5.0|This movie has one of the most brilliant bits of casting ever. I mean, (from a woman's perspective) if an angel were to appear on earth, what better form could he possibly manifest than that of Cary Grant?   Originally, Grant was supposed to play the part of the Bishop, which is well-played by David Niven, and Niven was supposed to play Dudley the angel. Grant reportedly insisted on taking the angel's part, however. He plays it to perfection, right down to the soulful look in his liquid brown eyes.  This is one of the best classic holiday movies. It is not shown as much as \\"It's a Wonderful Life,\\" and though it is warm and sentimental, it not too sticky-sweet to tolerate.
0545128285|5.0|This was an excellent read and would recommend it to others. I have enjoyed all of J K Rowlings books and I am very sad to see the world of Harry Potter go.
031606792X|3.0|This book is a little ridiculous. It takes the Twilight series on a weird turn that was somewhat disappointing.  It completes the story with happy endings for all characters, but it leaves something to be desired.
031606792X|5.0|She really saved the best for last.  I couldn't put this book down, and am still in mourning that it's over!  PLEASE write more, Stephanie!
B001C46P2A|2.0|While not the worst film I've ever seen this could possibly be the most self-indulgent. I really have no idea what Baz Lurhmann was thinking when he made this other than 'I just want to make a big film'. Whereas the grandiose and somehat kitschified movie 'Titanic' succeeded in getting my heart racing when I saw it on the big screen for the first time, I was practically flatlining for most of this one, even during the more audacious scenes like the bombing of Darwin, I had so little interest in the cartoonish characters, and dare I say cartoonish landscape that I was almost wishing for the film to end 30 mins before it did.    When I think of all the amazing stories, past and present, that are part of Australia's fabric, for this one to be told and for it to claim the full title of 'Australia', wow.
B0014NDXGA|5.0|Excellent - easy to use.  Advantage over other units since you can site specific areas.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I purchased this product as a gift for my wife after she had been asking for it for 5 years.  The set comes packaged very nicely and there were no surprises with anything within the set.  Excellent purchasing experience, and the complete series is a must have for any \\"Friends\\" fan.
0596007124|5.0|It is really very nice book to get the knowledge of java design pattern. Lot of examples which has used in the real life. so that easy to understand.
0141439688|5.0|Everyone else has said all there is to say about Austen, her writing, and this plot.  I want to thank Penguin Classics for the endnotes in this edition.  They were comprehensive, clear, attractively presented (instead of being wedged into the text), and helpful to 21st-century readers of this early 19th-century novel.  The scholarly introduction (with a spoiler warning, how thoughtful!) and the biographical timeline help place the book in both literary and chronological context, and were substantive additions to this work.
0312945973|5.0|This first of four (so far) novels in Wilbur Smith's Ancient Egypt line is simply a great fun read.  I have just enough knowledge of ancient Egypt to know that the events of this novel take place in a time that we know little about and yet the story is a plausible one.  He gets the religious aspects right, he gets the technology right, and he gets the warfare right.  But there is more than just a story about ancient Egypt and that is what makes it so much fun.<br /><br />I really enjoyed the way the author chose to tell the tale.  The narrator, Taita, is a fascinating character and his narrative style leads one on and on, always wanting to read just one more chapter.  He is a slave in the upper echelons of power and trusted advisor in all aspects, thus in a perfect position to tell the story. From the beginning the reader cares greatly for the characters and what happens to them, always the mark of great fiction.  The author is known for fun novels full of swashbuckling action and unpredictable plots.  If there is such a thing as swashbuckling Egyptian adventure, this is it.
B001F290E4|5.0|I think what many older reviewers forget is that much of the material presented here is not commonly known to younger generations. Seal himself is not exactly a youth oriented performer but he does still have clout with all ages. By covering these great songs he not only provides them with his well known and wonderful vocals, he resurrects them from the dark pits of clothing store intercom systems so that we can listen in our cars and at home relaxing without feeling ancient.    Every one is handled with care towards the original. While I agree with some that this may show less of the incredible originality that Seal fans cherish, it is obvious he did not intend to make them his own, but share his love of them and show fans some favorites. \\"System\\" was a great disappointment to me and I am not exactly looking forward to it's promised follow-up. This album however will satisfy my ears until Seal V.
B001F12J48|4.0|Thought the movie was great in 3D and you can see it on a regular TV but, if you have a big screen TV, it would be so much better. It works on regular, don't get me wrong, but my son sits pretty close to the TV to really get the effect.  Thom
B000002A3T|5.0|First off, I guess I should admit that I came to be a Pink Floyd fan late in the game. As such, I do not have this attachment to Roger Waters that many do. That's not to say that I do not like what he does, he is a brilliant lyricist, nor is it to say that I would not like to see them do another tour together (perhaps in memory of Richard Wright). What it DOES mean for me is that I do not look at this final? incarnation with a certain skepticism. I just plain like this album. It's simply great music. Is it as \\"deep\\" as some of the earlier work? Perhaps not, but perhaps it is. For me the standouts on the album are: High Hopes, Lost for Words, Coming Back to Life, and Take it Back (I know...it's too \\"pop\\"...but I still enjoy it). Simply one man and his opinion.
B000WGWQG8|3.0|I was disappointed in the series. I thought it jumped over very interesting historical circumstances and the acting wasn't all that captivating. Read a book on Adams -- much better.
031606792X|1.0|I think I'll keep this short considering the very detailed reviews I read in the 1 star section (which I completely agree with for the most part) which I highly recommend perusing if you have time and interest. I saw the Twilight movie last week, hit my local Borders for the first 2 books (it was a Happy New Year) and was eager to get through the series because I did enjoy them. I thought Bella a little self sacrificing and Edward just a tad overbearing...but, you know, vampires. Anyway, I think I was fine with the 3rd book and was interested in the Jacob/Edward conflict only to get extremely mad in the first 5 chapters of book 4. Maybe it's b/c I am in my mid 20' and expected something different...but holy hell! This was pretty bad. The writing was off (almost forced at times), the themes and undertones are sexist and contradictory...I have 30 pages left and I'm barely skimming them just to get to the sappy ending. If you read this, be prepared for a let down. You'll get your happy ending...but the price you pay to get there is heart breaking. So disappointed!!!
0545128285|4.0|I purchased this for my eight year old daughter. She enjoys reading it. Characters capture her and draw her in.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Planet Earth video was ordered for Christmas gift.  It arrived before date stated and is exactly as expected.  The receipent tells me it is wonderful on big screen, high def screen.  I don't order much from the internet but this was a very good experience.
B00007KWHG|5.0|This CD is a great compilation of music. Play it loud in your car and you are transported to another time. I love it!!
B00011F5DK|5.0|My son told me that his enrichment class played this game from time to time, so we decided to get it for him for Christmas.    This is a GREAT game!!!  It takes 30 seconds (if that) to learn how to play, and really does require good spatial reasoning, planning ahead, and logical thinking.  My 5 year old can play it because the rules are so easy, and my husband and I love to play it because the strategy keeps it interesting.      I highly recommend this game to all ages!
1416594884|3.0|Illuminates the mindset of Islamic terrorists and theCIA types who pursue them. Book holds reader,s attention though convoluted at times. Not always easy to follow. Burt Shachter
B001AEF6CW|5.0|2 disks are better the one! the big lebowski is still, after 10 years, one of the best movies ever made. when i saw it in theaters back in 1998, i had never seen anything like it... and it still stands alone. jeff bridges and john goodman are pitch perfect as the two lead rolls of the dude and walter.so many other great preformances i could go on forever talking about them. the second disk is worth watching if your an \\"achiver\\" (thats what lebowski fans are called... think of trekies only cool). the bowling ball case was a fantastic idea and also looks great. all in all this set has a lot of in and lots of outs and a lot of what have you. highly recomended!
B0007TKNL0|5.0|save your self a lot of money and watch this dvd instead of going to the musical.  I actually liked the story on the dvd more.
B000W91RUG|5.0|This show is simply one of the best I have ever seen.  I'm surprised that it's not more popular.  As soon as the second season comes out, I will be buying that one too.
B001AK3S4Y|5.0|Hellboy & Hellboy2 great movies! It makes my Grandkids laugh that I enjoy the Hellboy movies as much as I do at the ripe old age of 60.
031606792X|3.0|I was very disappointed in how Breaking Dawn ended. Myers does a wonderful job of building suspense and a feeling of impendng doom with the coming of the Volturi but then it's like she just gives up in the end. Certain things didn't make sense. Why would the Volturi drag the Wives to the battle unless they were dead set on killing the Cullens. From the first mention of them in Twilight, we are told that the Volturi are death incarnate. All who stand against them are washed away in a flood of fire and blood and yet a new born vampire is able to undermine their whole operation. Hmm. . . I can understand if Myers didn't want to kill off any of her characters but why build up to such an anticlimax?  I also had a problem with Jacob suddenly not being a werewlf anymore but a shapeshifter. That was kind of a stretch considering since New Moon we have been steeped in the whole 'werewolf/vampire mortal enemy' thing.  The book does get one star for the slasher scene but then I have always been a horror fan and two more stars for the 'Jacob' section. I thought that was neat and well written.
0956010903|5.0|I bought the Collector's Edition as a Christmas present for my Grand Children, who are all fans of Harry Potter/JK Rowling.  The older one knew that this was a special edition and was ecstatic/stunned that they received it.    Also glad I purchased early as I didn't realize it would sell out so fast.  I later saw copies on eBay for as much as $500.  Thanks, Amazon.
0920668364|5.0|This book is a simple and poignant story that every mother should possess. Life is a circle and you get back what you give. You will find yourself in tears by the end of the story.  I read it to my children when they were little (20 years ago) and now I give this book to all new moms I know.  I recommend this book without hesitation!
B000HC2LIK|5.0|I was pleased with this purchase.  I received a prompt email with information about delivery.  The CD was delivered exactly as stated   with no problem.  I am happy with the way this worked.  Linda
B0017YDPI2|4.0|I bought seasons 1 to 3 and loved it.  Nice packaging, came in quick time and of course enjoyed the material.  I'm not talking about the pros / cons of Supernatural - Either you like this kinda genre or you don't.  As far as quality of production, screenplay, editing, etc it's great given the TV budget.  Not 5 stars because the \\"extras\\" on the DVDs are unclear as to exactly which discs they are on.
0060853972|4.0|Good Omens, co-authored by the powerful duo of Terry Pratchet and Neil Gaimen, is a unique and hilarious look at the subject many of us avoid most of our lives: our pending doom, the apocolypse.<br />Many characters are introduced quickly (aided by a list of characters) in this novel lead by Azariphale, the angel of light, and Crowley , the angel of dark, two rivaling buddies who are waiting to do their respective employers bidding. Their bidding you ask? To see to the inevitable doom of the earth catapulted by a war of good and evil. This would be bought into fruition by a young, impish child in the London subarbs named Adam Young, the antichrist.<br />Good Omens is a cleverly written novel that, after the first 70 pages, will keep you turning pages like you're desperately trying to find a crucial answer in an open-book exam. Drawback in this novel (at least to me personally) is those first 70 pages, they definately drag and pulled me in enough directions to force me to reread a couple of chapters over again. I always look at this as a definate strike against writing a clear, easily-understood story. Also, the introduction to so many characters so quickly is a turn-off (again, to me personally), practically requires a cast of characters.<br />Bottom line: definately recommended. Hilarious novel. Pokes a little fun at God and religion and the whole deal, so if that would offend you then staying away might be a good idea. Despite minor setbacks, 4 stars easy.
B000093BDX|4.0|I think I have already sent in a review, but I notice the other day when I went to put the CD in my Itunes, that the the song names and the group name did not come up in Itunes. It is no big deal, I guess, but I wonder what kind of CD copy this, not that I would know the difference, anyway it plays good and sounds good, hopefully for a long time.............
031606792X|5.0|This book was received in a quick manner and was in mint condition. Thank you so much, you really made my sons Christmas.
1401216676|3.0|While the art is fantastic I was a little disappointed by the brevity and lack of depth in the story. It just seemed to be over too quick and left me wanting more.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|A 10-minute instrumental...loud guitars...lyrics that tell a story, but may not be popular with 12-year-old girls. WELCOME BACK METALLICA! It's nice that after Load, (puke) Reload, and (double-puke) St. Anger, Metallica has remembered why they're one of the longest-lasting bands in metal...songs driven by lyrics, guitar riffs, and story instead of radio play time.<br />Sure, this CD isn't ...And Justice For All, but what could be? It is a return to the music (and attitude?) that made Metallica one of the great bands of all time.
B000MV9026|5.0|This is a great movie with a message in it to all mankind and what we're doing to our environment and the creatures we share it with.
1577311523|5.0|When I first heard about Eckhart Tolle and his \\"The Power of Now\\", I said, \\"Sounds like Buddhism, to me!\\"<br /><br />I was very skeptical about Tolle because it sounded like he was just marketing Buddhism under his own name. I can see where some may still insist that this IS what he is doing. But I don't think so.<br /><br />After hearing more about him I finally rented a dvd of his. I found his message indeed very \\"Buddhist\\" but with a \\"twist\\". But frankly I found his speaking style and his tendency to giggle every so often kind of annoying.<br /><br />But I was intrigued enough by his message that I decided to take a look at the book. I borrowed the book from the library and began reading it.<br /><br />I was very inspired by it. It was clear that here was a guy who understood on a very profound level the message of the Buddha, yet without having ever been a monk. In the preface or intro he says that one day after being depressed for a long time he just woke up. That is, he woke up and realized the power of Now and the reality of his inner being.<br /><br />Despite the fact that I have studied the teachings of the Buddha for 2 years, meditated, and read many books on mindfulness and being here now, I found this book very inspiring and very clear.<br /><br />In fact it excited me much more than most of the Buddhism books I have read and while it is \\"the same message\\", I think sometimes the WAY someone teaches is what counts. It's like when you're in junior high and your teacher makes the Civil War boring... deadly boring... And then one day you get a substitute teacher and he teaches you the same lessons but with so much enthusiasm and clarity and makes it Exciting to learn about the Battle of Vicksburg! ... It's all about whether or not a teacher truly KNOWS and is excited by the material, and is able to transfer that knowledge and enthusiasm for knowledge to you.<br /><br />To me, Eckhart Tolle is very good at explaining the value of the Now moment and sharing the enthusiasm for it in a way that inspires me to try harder or put more attention on being present in each moment and not get hung up in the past and future, on the way things \\"should be\\", etc..<br /><br />So while there is \\"nothing new here\\" (actually there is nothing new, ANYwhere!), what he have is a teacher who has the rare ability to reach people with an important teaching.<br /><br />The Buddha captured the people of his time with this message, but not too many people today are interested in reading the Buddha's words. As a student of the Buddha I can tell you that his teaching style (at least as it has come down to us from the ancient Pali scriptures) does not fit our current 21st century style of learning very well. Some Buddhist monks like Thich Nhat Hanh and the Dalai Lama and Ajahn Brahm have been able to regurgitate the Buddha's teachings to us in a way that is much more inspiring. But still, unless you have an interest in \\"Buddhism\\" it is unlikely you are going to study the deeper teachings of these monks.<br /><br />So what Tolle has done is - just by being himself and teaching in his own style, from his own realizations - write a book (or books) that has a way of relating to the average day modern seeker of knowledge. I do not mean to imply he has diluted it or simplified it. It's just that his style is his style and it seems to resonate with people. And that's a good thing!<br /><br />I would like to add that it has become clear to me that many of the people who don't like the book are not really understanding the deeper message of the book. That is, they are understanding it \\"intellectually\\" but not \\"getting\\" that it is not just a matter of \\"understanding\\" \\"about\\" the now moment, but rather it is a matter of LIVING IN THE NOW MOMENT, being PRESENT in the now moment during much or all of one's life, which is not a simple thing at all.<br /><br />To illustrate this point I suggest you try the following exercise:<br />Sit down in a quiet place and close your eyes and focus ONLY on the present moment. Try to focus ONLY on what ever is present right now as you sit down with your eyes closed. Fair game are sounds, feelings, the feeling of your butt on the chair or floor, the feeling of air going in and out of your nose or mouth, the sound of the dog barking or bird singing in the distance, etc. etc... As soon as a thought comes in about what you did or what you are going to do or what you need to do, put it aside and try to go back to focusing only on the present moment...<br /><br />As you do this I think you will see that it is VERY difficult. Thoughts come. You get the feeling you \\"need\\" to get on to doing something. More thoughts come. You feel nervous. You feel this is a waste of time. More thoughts come...<br /><br />Try to get to the point where the thoughts do not overtake you, and in fact, see if you can ONLY focus on your BREATH. Try to notice ONLY your breathing, in whichever way you can do it. That is, you can focus only on the air coming in and out of your nose or mouth. Or you can notice your belly going in and out, your diaphragm rising and falling. No matter how you do it just as long as you ONLY focus on your breathing, nothing else; no other sounds, no other feelings, no other thoughts...<br /><br />This is the lesson Tolle is trying to teach: being truly and completely in the present moment. There is much value in this practice as it not only shows you your mind but it helps you learn to control it, to calm it, and it teaches you great powers of concentration in the present moment which you will find very valuable in all aspects of your life, once you learn to do it with some proficiency.<br /><br />So if you think \\"I've heard all this before\\" there is a good chance that you HAVE. But there is also a good chance that while you've heard it before you still haven't gotten the message. Try again. And keep trying until you \\"get it\\".ht now as you sit down with your eyes closed. Fair game are sounds, feelings, the feeling of your butt on the chair or floor, the feeling of air going in and out of your nose or mouth, the sound of the dog barking or bird singing in the distance, etc. etc... As soon as a thought comes in about what you did or what you are going to do or what you need to do, put it aside and try to go back to focusing only on the present moment...    As you do this I think you will see that it is VERY difficult. Thoughts come. You get the feeling you \\"need\\" to get on to doing something. More thoughts come. You feel nervous. You feel this is a waste of time. More thoughts come...    Try to get to the point where the thoughts do not overtake you, and in fact, see if you can ONLY focus on your BREATH. Try to notice ONLY your breathing, in whichever way you can do it. That is, you can focus only on the air coming in and out of your nose or mouth. Or you can notice your belly going in and out, your diaphragm rising and falling. No matter how you do it just as long as you ONLY focus on your breathing, nothing else; no other sounds, no other feelings, no other thoughts...    This is the lesson Tolle is trying to teach: being truly and completely in the present moment. There is much value in this practice as it not only shows you your mind but it helps you learn to control it, to calm it, and it teaches you great powers of concentration in the present moment which you will find very valuable in all aspects of your life, once you learn to do it with some proficiency.    So if you think \\"I've heard all this before\\" there is a good chance that you HAVE. But there is also a good chance that while you've heard it before you still haven't gotten the message. Try again. And keep trying until you \\"get it\\".
1574535811|5.0|This book will change how you view food, medicine and the medical community. It's a must read for anyone who wants to make informed choices about your health. T. Colin Campbell is a gift from GOD.   Of course the answers to cancer, high blood pressure, diabetes and heart disease are so simple...why wouldn't they be.
B00104W8T6|5.0|The music on this cd was exact as I expected. Exactly the music as heard in the movie.
B001ACH4DS|5.0|awsome  product by an awsome person. thanks amazon for a great price. package was in perfect comdition and here as promised
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I've been a Coldplay fan since I heard Clocks for the first time.  Their music is wonderful to listen to.  I can close my eyes and drift away to some other place and time.  I never get tired of listening to them perform, especially if I'm at the computer writing.
B001D84NKQ|5.0|It was a good buy as I bought it for a friend for christmas and he says its a great soundtrack.
B000002GQK|5.0|One of the best of the Moody Blues albums form the past. The remastered sound is expertly done, the music and the vocals areclear and crisp. Wonder to listen to again and again.
B001GKJ2F2|5.0|This movie was fantastic. I can not believe  the young man  was the one who was in the first Narnia movie.  Great action movie for anyone.
B000VFGQUC|5.0|Thin Lizzy is one of the most under appreciated bands of the classic rock era. This show, taken from the U.K. Johnny the Fox tour, showcases the band in all it's glory. This is probably the GREATEST live concert recording ever. From start to finish this concert smokes. Phil Lynott on bass and vocals, sings with passion, the twin guitar attack of Scott Gorham and Brian Robertson paved the way for bands like Avenged Sevenfold  and Brian Downey is a pioneer of double bass drumming.    The audio and video content of this dvd is very high quality. There are not alot of fast video cuts from one member to the other and it flows seamlessly and the audio is crisp and clear.    My only complaint is that this dvd is missing a couple of tracks on the original Live and Dangerous cd, namely The Cowboy Song and Southbound. But all in all it is a great representation of one the greatest live bands in music history.
B001F290E4|5.0|I really love this CD.  The more I listen the more I like it.  It runs the range of blues to R&B and even a little gospel, and Seal does it all with a unique soulful style.  I gave this CD to two music-loving men I know for Christmas and they both love it.
B000T06172|5.0|This album contains many songs that I had not heard before. It was a pleasant surprise.
0783240287|5.0|This DVD is really great and I loved all the music. I have a friend who is performing this in his home town. So it was great to be able to see the part that he is playing and then I have something to talk to him about. When ever I feel down, I like to put in [[ASIN:0783240287 Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat]] and play it and I feel so much better. Donny Osmond is great in it too. I especially liked the narrator in this. She did a wonderful part. You really have to see this. Especially if you like musicals.
1423113497|5.0|I bought this set for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it!
B001DTUTU8|5.0|I was so excited about reserving this DVD \\"Horton Hears A Who\\",,,The movie is perfect... a five star....I heard it would be hard to find at Christmas time..but then when it hit the stands...I could have purchased it at Walmart for $5.00 less.  By the time shipping and handling was added it came to almost $26.00.  Walmart price $19.98 ($21.00 or so)and just down the street...Lots of copies to buy.  I was very disappointed. In this financial crisis..every penny counts.
B00001U0E1|5.0|This was delivered in a good timely fashion. I enjoyed the movie. There was nothing wrong with it.
B001H5X7I4|5.0|Tropic Thunder arrived in A-1 condition on time.  I would purchase from this vendor again.
B00005JPSM|5.0|Fantastic Movie with an unusual story to tell.  Full of romance & great family entertainment!
B0000DJE9R|5.0|I bought this CD for my boyfriend, who absolutely loves it.  It contains all the hits we know from MJ.  Great collection, good for someone who wants a compilation of MJ without having to buy too many CDs.
B00004BZ16|5.0|I put off listening to this album because of all the negative reviews, though I heard a selection of songs included on The Essential Clash. When I finally mustered up the courage to give it a listen, I was both elated and embarrassed: elated because the songs are outstanding and flow so well and embarrassed because I let my prejudices prevent me from listening to this album sooner.     Do whatever you need to get your hands on this album. It'll make you feel like a man.
B000JIHP88|5.0|I got this mobile as a Christmas present for my grandaughter who loves to be carried.  She loves the music & watching the leaves move & most importantly it allows mom & dad to have a break to do chores without her crying to be picked up.  I also love that when she outgrows the mobile it turns into a night light.
B000002KIE|5.0|A testament to the quality of this album is how refreshing it sounds juxtaposed with a lot of current bands on the radio that listeners claim  carry the torch of punk rock. The abrasive guitars still sound aggressive and Johnny Rotten still sounds confrontational when played alongside your friends' library of contemporary shock rock.    If you need an album that outdoes any bands your friends listen to that try to intimidate or rebel against your parents and peers, this is still it.
B001DPHDCY|5.0|OK...I'm going to say it outloud...I am not a giant Dr. Suess fan.  I know, I know...I need to de drawn and quartered.  I don't dislike Suess, in fact I quite enjoy the books, however, I do not race to see or automatically purchase any and all Suess movies, etc.  Such was the case with this.  We just saw it this week as it was a Christmas gift for one of the kids.  Well, I wish I had raced to see it in the theater.  I thought it was so perfect!  What a great job was done combining obnoxious Suess rhyming and Jim Carrey with beautiful soft execution and amazing graphics!  Nothing was overwhelming in a typical Jim Carrey way, just enough of him was present to lend a little edginess.  The movie is beautiful!  I thought that it was a nice lenght of film, long enough to add some value and so you don't feel like you purcahsed a TV episode at a DVD price.  Although I can see very young kids getting tired out, as it is not so face paced an hectic like most movies for kids these days, but that is a pleasant change.  We just watched it in the evening before bedtime when our 3 year old was calm and I suggest perhaps watching it in 2 halves for younger or more active children.  This is one of those movies that you rent and then wished you had saved your money and just bought.  If you appreciate softer children's movies and are not a typical Suess fan, then this is for you.  Although I suspect that more traditional Suess fans will be pleased too!  What a cute lesson and the characters are wonderful. You do not need to have prior Dr. Suess or Horton knowledge, you will still enjoy.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|This album is provoking, intimidating, and catchy. I really was apprehensive about buying a punk album, but when I first played the record, I was immediately hooked. If you're suffering from bouts of hysteria stemming from listening to too much emo and \\"punk\\" rock (AFI, Green Day, Offspring, Blink 182), play this record every day alone or in front of your friends as loud as you can to cleanse your palette.
B000RZIGVS|4.0|The product arrived in  very good time. However the storage case is made of thin hard plastic and shattered in a few places. It may have been due to the  cold weather during shipping.
0451209338|5.0|This series was recommended to me by a friend, and she was 100% right.  The writing is excellent and I promise it will keep you turning the pages and looking forward to the next book in the series.  I definitely recommend it.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|Serenity is the final episode, as it were, of the Firefly sci-fi series. Since the show was cancelled after one season, over-whelming response from loyal fans of the show inundated the powers at be responsible for this Awesome show. Director, Joss Whedon, decided to make a theatrical version of the show that would make a final statement of a wonderfully written and original idea for a space opera that never had the chance to let the characters and the storyline mature to it's fullest. The CGI-special effects are excellent and and believable. The sets are well designed and the costumes are well suited for the atmosphere of the show. Not, distracting or taking away from the importance of the characters.   If you are a fan or just like the Firefly series, I highly recommend this DVD. If you haven't seen the series and have seen this DVD or motion picture, I highly suggest you rent or buy the series Firefly. It will complete this whole brilliant concept in a storyline of Patriotism, Friendship, Family and Love...in outer space.
B000Y179KO|1.0|I never received this product as promised. I had to ask for a refund a week after the promised delivery date. I did receive this refund promptly. I was very dissappointed as other items purchased were received as promised. I won't purchase CD's from Amazon in the future.
B000056TKC|5.0|Beethoven's much recorded 9th Symphony has rarely been equalled, let alone surpassed, by other recordings I have heard.  It is not easy to specify just why this performance is so outstanding.  I think it is probably that to my ears it reached the heart of the work without any obvious effects.  The playing is first class, as is the quality of the recording.  The interpretation, which naturally is a subjective matter, seems to me to be as near as one can hope to get in an imperfect world.  I recommend this issue wholeheartedly.
B001ACH4DS|5.0|i preordered this album and i have had it since it came out and i completely love it when i heard the single light on i was a little skeptic and was worried that the rest of the album might only be as good as that (i didnt really care for the single light on it just didnt pertain to me) but the rest of the album was amazing and usually first albums, especially after american idol arent that great but this exceeds most and in only a few months so that tells you that if they put more time into the next one it will be tremondously better. i must say this album absolutly crushes david archuleta's (sorry for mispelling that:)) archuleta has very young and childesh lyrics and pain and going through a tough life is what makes a great singer and david seems to have everything fairly easy despiter his voice problem in his younger years and he is just too young but cook has a much better voice can cover more notes and has been through pain and is older thus wiser and that is why he is better and he writes most of his stuff even his pre idol album is amazing if you can get your hands on it.
B001F7MSFM|5.0|I'm in iraq and it always takes a few days but it came in round 8-10 days which is still pretty good. Cause most stuff takes two weeks but 8 days is pretty much the best yall get.
B0019O19AG|5.0|This is the BEST GAME EVER.  We have had so much fun playing it since we opened it on Christmas.  The game is different each time it is played so it never becomes boring.  It also makes you think some and not just a game of rolling the dice and moving around a board.  The children, as well as the adults, love playing it.  I highly recommend it.
B0000549B0|5.0|James Stewart is excellent in the role of Elwood P. Dowd. Harvey comes to life in this film version of Mary Chase's play, Harvey and brings with him a valuable lesson on acceptance and what true happiness is.
B0002SROSQ|5.0|I (and the rest of us) should probably hesitate to try to review anything by Nick Cave, for we are mere mortals and not worthy of the task .....    ok. is this that good? Listen to this thing. Ironically, despite the first few seconds complete unmusicality, it's as good as music gets. Simple as that to review. Beyond that would take a dozen pages. The power and the beauty mixed and intermingled perfectly together, of what an artistic statement can be made to be and realised. Aw heck, let's mention just a couple of things that are (in their weirdly brilliant way, standard Cave/BadSeeds). Alright, there's the funniest line in sarcasm in the history of Rock Music: \\"I went to bed last night and my moral code got jammed; I woke up this morning with a Frappucino in my hand. Oh yeahhh....\\" There you go, 21st century culture. Is that you?  Oh, what the hell, the world is the world, and art is merely art. It's not as important as war, cant, hypocrisy, etc ... But darling, these things, are not good for me ....  Ah well ....  Just lie down by the river, with the war between the water and the bridge,  and let it just Carry you ... Away ....  If you're really lucky, maybe the choir will join in right about then.....  If not, then pass me that lovely little gun, my dear, my darling one. Because the cleaners are coming one by one, and you realllly don't even wanna let them start ...  yes, indeed, Nick ... yes indeedey....  6 stars out of 5 here ..... an album with everything and a band (oh what a band) capable of recording it.
031606792X|5.0|I have to admit, when I finished Book 3, I wasn't sure I wanted to finish the series.  Jacob got beat up so much emotionally, it was heart wrenching.  I was getting totally pissed off at Bella for stringing him along while she knew that Edward was her finally destiny.  I personally did not know if I could take anymore, mentally or emotionally.  I am an advid adult romance reader, but all my books are guaranteed a HEA conclusion which is what basically defines a good romance.  Stephanie Meyers is a new author for me and young adult books have not been my cup of tea since I read my last one over 25 years ago???  I was actually afraid to read final book 4.  What if Bella end up with Jacob? (this would surely kill me since I'm definite a Team Edward fan) What if Jacob end up a poor lone wolf with no mate?  What if???  However, Book 4 more than made up for all the pain & suffering I had experienced in Books 2 & 3.  It tied up the series nicely and definitely gave me, the romance junky, the HEA ending that I craved.  It also in a very cool way, made Bella's character grow to reach her full potential mentally as well as physically.  She became a powerful vampire in her own right and you can tell mentally/emotionally she also evolved to be more independent and agressive.  It was like watching a phyenix rising from the ashes. She was considered a weak & clumsy human, but was actually a diamond in the rough as she rose to be a powerful vampire, great mom and loving wife. A true mate and life partner to Edward.  The last scene where she used her powers to finally share her thoughts with Edward was so incredibly romantic.  I really really loved it.    I have agree, however, that perhaps this ending would probably appeal more to the adult or more mature readers rather than the young readers.  As we all mature, children and family do become more of a focal point and this 4th book really ended the series in such good note.  My advice is that the young readers that do not like thislast book give it another chance when they older, especially after they have kids.  I think they will see this ending in a different perspective.     If by chance Stephanie ever reads this review:  BRAVO!!! Well done! How about a story about Jasper & Alice???
B0019Y8G9I|5.0|This vinyl-record is real blues at the begin till the end.  After his amazing LP \\"Stardust\\" he suprice the world twice in which he  showes his many-sided musical ability-to play together with a jazz-phenomenon as Wynton Marsalis makes this record TOP! a Bestseller!  Note: the sound-engineering of Blue-note makes it completely to buy it.  In my car I've the CD-record to hear the marvelous music every day.  From a vinyl-freak: Charles Hughan in The Netherlands.
B000V86OKG|5.0|This is a great show, and as always, Amazon makes it so easy to get the things that you want the most fast, cheap and easy
0956010903|5.0|This was a gift for the holidays and arrived in plenty of time. There were no issues with the order. The book is an incredible addition to our collection. Overall, I was very pleased with the entire process.
B0007MWZEK|1.0|I can only add my bad experience to all of the other negative reviews here.  Our battery died and the three other people that bought the swivel sweeper after seeing ours have all had their sweepers die as well.  Buy this sweeper only if you like frustration with low quality junk!
B00006RCNW|5.0|I bought this for my husband for christmas and he was so excited.  Since this past year (2008) was the last season of the Shield, I thought it would be great for my husband to have it so he could watch it over and over!
B00006CXSS|5.0|My husband received this as a gift last year. I was reluctant to watch it with him. However, once it was going I couldn't help but be drawn in to the story. Band of Brothers is not only excellent in terms of scripting, cinemetography and casting, but tells a story that will capture almost anyone who has a slight interest in history.     This year we gave it to my father-in-law for Christmas. A few days later, my mother-in-law commented on how they both loved it and couldn't stop watching. They watched the entire series in one day!
B00006I53S|5.0|i purchased one of these a couple of years ago and was very pleased with it.  my son bought his wife a newer model rebel, so i bought this lens for her for christmas.  she loves it as well, says it takes much better pictures than the stock lens that came with her camera and she loves the zoom.
B001GQ2TGA|2.0|If you have any other Enya CD's you don't need this one too.  I kept waiting to be wow'd, but it didn't happen. It was \\"ok\\" but not more than that.
B0009IOR6Q|5.0|I have about worn out my VHS copy of this movie so I purchased the DVD and the CD for the car. I watch it occasionaly just for the soundtrack.
0891349553|5.0|This book is full of great projects and techniques for sculptors just starting out creatign animals with polymer clay. Plenty in it for more experienced artists as well. I highly recommend it.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|[[ASIN:B000065V41 The Muppet Christmas Carol]]<br />We bought this movie at my daughter's insistence.  She remembered it from when she was young.  It has now become a Christmas tradition in our home.  The price was better that most retail stores and it isn't available in video stores in my area.
0823015033|5.0|Katherine Dewey has put together a really great book on sculpting figures in polymer clay. It's more geared toward the beginner but there's plenty in it for more experienced sculptors too.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|We purchased this video for our 8yr old nephew for Christmas! He(of course)had already seen the movie, but he shared it with the rest of the family and I believe enjoyed watching it with us. We all especially enjoyed the movie short at the end. The service with Amazon was great, I received my package when I expected. I probably will order more from Amazon in the near future.
B00006AVRK|5.0|Hilarious dramatic version of Wodehouse classics.  Fry and Laurie are superb.  Don't hesitate to buy if you love witty humor.
0545128285|5.0|when i started reading thought more for children,am 81 years and enjoyed it very much
B00005JKCH|5.0|I was very happy, the item was shipped on time and in the condition promised.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|Delivery was quick.  Was able to share this with a good friend before the holidays got busy.
B000002AQQ|5.0|contacted by vender promptly and the used cd was exactly as described and in excellent shape when received. Very satisfied
B000X5SPBI|4.0|The roles are reversed this season. One Winchester has bartered his soul to save the other. How long does he have and can the boys find a way out of the deal before one of them is sent to Hell for eternity?   I loved this season of Supernatural as the show continues to dig in to it's own mythology about the characters and what makes them who they are. New characters are introduced - demon Ruby...is she friend or foe? Bella- why is she such a pain? Lilith- she makes the yellow eyed demon look like a chump. And Bobby still pops in every now in then to help out the boys.   Plus one of the funniest episodes I've ever seen in all the season's of the show comes when it's a twisted type of groundhog's day and Sam must relive the death of Dean, over and over again. Think it sounds sadistic to laugh? Watch it and you'll see what I mean!
031606792X|5.0|This is just a great grand finale to an awesome book series.  I felt that this book was the best written book by Stephanie!  Even though it was 700+ pages, it just flew by!
B00005JLRT|4.0|Disc was brand new.  Good seller.  Not the best star trek movie out of all of them, but still a good buy.
B000MR9D5E|4.0|I purchased this DVD set for a friend who loves documentaries and recently purchased a High-Def television. The combination of the two made this box set the obvious choice for a Holiday present, at an affordable price. He loved/loves it. It's a great gift with stunning visual imagery, endless entertainment and educational in a non-stuffy kind of way.
B00012QM86|1.0|Who ever makes these DVD's is putting out a substandard product that does not play reliabley on my equipment which has played every other DVD bought from othere sources reliabley.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Director Chris Nolan really took five steps forward with this film.  It has an epic and profound scale compared to his other movies.  Creating a Batman sequel and introducing Harvey Dent and The Joker is an extremely hard task.  But Nolan did the best job out of anyone out there who is qualified.  I don't know if anyone will ever surpass a Batman film in quality, even Chris Nolan for that matter.  The movie struck awe in America and we felt our benchmarks for films raising as we watched it.<br /><br />The film itself has an amazing twisted story.  The plot was definately worked on again and again and again.  After my second viewing more information was revealed to me, so it is a lot to take in.  This story is the ultimate tragedy and we find ourselves with the ultimate villains.<br /><br />Our actors could not have been better.  I usually dislike actor changes but Maggie Gyllenhaal  fit into the film very nicely.  Harvey Dent couldn't have had a more fitting actor.  Eckhart really impressed me this time through.  When he went through his transformation he really felt the angst of Dent.  Our returning actors surpassed their entry into the first film, but I won't delve into that so much.<br /><br />Our one actor that brought something new and shocking was Heath Ledger.  It is heartbreaking that he passed after the film and I am extremely upset that Warner Bros. refused to make light of it on the DVD.  Yes it would be upsetting for some people to remember that sad day.  BUT HEATH LEDGER SHOULD BE REMEMBERED.  We should see him as his normal self backstage to make ourselves feel better.  We got nothing about his performance.  You don't heal wounds by ignoring them!  In order for America to accept his death we have to see him.  And acknowledge that he existed.<br /><br />But I digress, other than that criticism I think the Blu-Ray Dvd looks amazing.  The Imax filming is perfect.  Special features might not impress a lot of people but I enjoyed them for what they were.  I would rather have more, but beggers can't be choosers.  The film itself doesn't need special features to beef its sales.<br /><br />Bottom Line: Everyone should have a copy of this.  Whether its DVD or Blu-Ray.  It is a landmark in movie history.  And we should all give respect to Ledger's performance and to all the other people who worked day and night to make this film extrodinary.  Thank you Chris Nolan.  America needed an Oscar worthy Super-hero film.gers can't be choosers.  The film itself doesn't need special features to beef its sales.    Bottom Line: Everyone should have a copy of this.  Whether its DVD or Blu-Ray.  It is a landmark in movie history.  And we should all give respect to Ledger's performance and to all the other people who worked day and night to make this film extrodinary.  Thank you Chris Nolan.  America needed an Oscar worthy Super-hero film.
630522885X|5.0|Wow! This is just a great, subtle film by a master of pathos and regret. I enjoyed every nuamced minute and was impressed by the perfectness of the product and the faithfulness of the seller in terms of shipping and propriety of the product. Kudos!
1881273156|5.0|Gary Chapman's book on the five love languages is a great book for any marriage.  He does a great job of explaining the different ways people give and receive love and the choice we make to love others.
B0013IKUIK|5.0|I heard Bon Iver playing Skinny Love live on David Letterman before falling asleep and made a mental note to myself to find out more.   I loved this song so much that January 3rd I could remember the date that Bon Iver played (December 11th).  I bought the album without previewing the other songs.  This is one of those albums that can be played on repeat.  The lyrics and music are beautiful.  Bon Iver is a genesis.  This is the best work I have discovered in awhile! :)
B001FSDOZO|5.0|I don't even know where to start.  I've always liked some of Nickelback's songs from the very beginning but never could like an entire album of theirs so I just never bought a Nickelback album.<br /><br />Then one of my friends who also loves the true rock like I do was telling me that this album is everything and more that I love about being a rock fan.  So I heard some songs on YouTube like Gotta Be Somebody and just totally fell in love with that song!  I mean, any true rock fan would be crazy to not love that song.<br /><br />So just today I went to the store and bought this album and from the time I started listening to the time I made it home, I heard the entire album from beginning to end and I am just totally speechless!  I just cannot believe that a band whose albums I've never liked in their entirety before could make a total masterpiece like this where when I got home, I felt like the album just started!<br /><br />I mean, I was completely in rock heaven and never once got bored!  Even some Def Leppard Hysteria sounds I heard on this album and just couldn't believe how much this rocks!!<br /><br />My all time favorite is Gotta Be Somebody and other all time favorites are I'd Come For You, Burn It To The Ground, Something In Your Mouth, Never Gonna Be Alone, and Shakin' Hands but this whole album just totally rules and there's no reason at all for anyone who loves true hard rock to not love this!!  And especially since this album actually has REAL guitar solos that have been missing for so long!!<br /><br />This is just too awesome for words and I will be keeping this CD in my CD player for months to come and I will always be hearing this album for years and years!  THIS is what Nickelback are all about!!
B00021HBGS|5.0|My daughter loves this product.  I actually have to argue with her to get her out of the bath tub.  She loves playing with it.
0743243307|2.0|A review should always try to address its subject in its own terms. The purpose, after all, is many-sided, to summarise, paraphrase, contextualise, all with the express intention of informing a potentially interested participant of the nature of the experience on offer. Any proffered review that merely says I did or did not like it is thus entirely specious, since it conveys nothing of the work in focus, only the doubly-uninterpretable reaction of a dismembered, effectively anonymous opinion.<br /><br />So in the case of Brick Lane by Monica Ali a dutiful list of the elements must begin with the setting. For the majority non-Londoners, Brick Lane is a market street in East London. It is just up the road from the eastern fringes of the City of London, the financial centre that boasts gleaming towers and vast wealth. (Or perhaps it once did!)<br /><br />But over the years Brick Lane has been a magnet for new migrants, communities marginalised by both origin and destination. It has also been a centre for political action of all shades. The current occupants of this social clearing house are Bangladeshis and the street, in particular, has become a centre for Bangladeshi culture and food.<br /><br />So, at the centre of Monica Ali's novel is a Bangladeshi woman, Nazneen, who arrives in Britain to meet her husband, Chanu, an apparently slobbering slob, imbued with more social manners than domestic. But arrangement suffices, as Nazneen learns to cope with married life in a foreign place in which she has no ties and little communication.<br /><br />Nazneen's experience in London's Brick Lane is juxtaposed via an exchange of letters with the parallel experience of Hasina, her sister in Bangladesh. The two women's experiences eventually diverge as local pressures demand decision and action.<br /><br />The contrasts, along with the considered tensions between white working class racism and Muslim identity promotion in east London ought to provide a powerful vehicle with which to explore worlds of culture, experience, relationships and ideology. Brick Lane, unfortunately, falls short of every destination. Unfortunately again, the characters are weak, the artifice feels false, the vibrant  location is portrayed as dull and the passions of ideological difference are confused and politically limp or naive.<br /><br />Brick Lane was an ambitious project, but it began confused and lost direction as it progressed. It does have its moments, but its hours are long, and not a little tedious., relationships and ideology. Brick Lane, unfortunately, falls short of every destination. Unfortunately again, the characters are weak, the artifice feels false, the vibrant  location is portrayed as dull and the passions of ideological difference are confused and politically limp or naive.    Brick Lane was an ambitious project, but it began confused and lost direction as it progressed. It does have its moments, but its hours are long, and not a little tedious.
B000MX7V5M|1.0|Intentional or not, the scariest part of this film is the very beginning. Maybe I'm just twisted but the opening shot of the ugly lady in curlers  and cold cream screaming \\"my jewels, my jewels, Help!!police!\\" is particularly jarring and turned me off immediately. No kidding, this one brief scene gave me nightmares. I love Hitchcock but I NEVER want to watch this film again.
B001F12J48|5.0|First time I ever saw this movie was 3D at an Imax Theater. Can't beat watching it in 3D. One of my favorite Christmas mvies.
B001EOQWEO|5.0|My granddaughter wanted this movie for the holidays and purchasing the special edition made it all that much more fun.
B0019UGYK0|5.0|What can I say about \\"Cool Hand Luke\\" except that it is one of the most entertaining & memorable movies ever made, as well as one of Paul Newman's best acting performances. This movie is full of great lines & great scenes & is a must see for any Paul Newman and/or movie fan.  \\"Cool Hand Luke\\" belongs in every movie buff's collection & is a movie you will want to watch over & over again. *****+++!!!
159448385X|5.0|Had to read this one after finishing The Kite Runner by same author. This is the female version of what happened during the same time period.     I absolutely could not put this down!! So emotional and touching!    I gave this for a Christmas gift & recommend highly.
B000EHSVQ4|5.0|This is a great film with stunning visual effects and massive battles.  This version provides great commentary and tons of bonus features.  A good buy.
B001FSDOZO|5.0|I love this cd.  I have probably listened to it at 500 times.  I don't think there is a song on it that I don't like.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I have always been a fan of nature documentaries but this is definitely the most beautifully captured, composed and presented series I can remember.  After Tivoing the series I was annoyed with the distractions that were always onscreen, I decided to buy this to enjoy to its fullest.  I highly recommend this to everybody.  If you have Blue Ray, definitely take advantage of it.
B001DVBZ4K|5.0|Horton Hears a Who was always my favorite Dr Seuss book. I am over 50 and bought it for myself - OK I'll share with the grandkids, but I kept the stuffed Horton for my desk at work!  Great product.
B001C08RHA|4.0|Iron-Man doesn't mess it up when it could have been easy to do so and Robert Downey Jr is on top form in a story about him being a multi-billionaire weapons tycoon who finds his products used against Americans and so develops an Iron-Man suit to combat Muslim terrorists that kidnapped him, killed his friend and tried to use his technology in ways that he didn't foresee. Things go from bad to worse when he finds his company has been double-dealing and business partners have turned bad.<br /><br />In short Iron-Man is Robocop for young adults but Downey Jr actually puts on a worthwhile performance that overshadows when he puts on the suit. Even with the suit on the flying through the sky moments are well worth the wait and while the fights and finale are kept on a somewhat small scale they are still good.<br /><br />Overall Iron-Man delivers on an interesting balance of action and content. If you like quality superhero movies then you can't go wrong with this.
0545128285|1.0|I bought a book for myself and for my grandkids ages 12 and 14.  The \\"kids\\" are enjoying the book, I myself only read the first few chapters and put it down.  I don't want to say the book it not well written, I'm just saying it is NOT on par with the Harry Potter series.  Good for kids....adults, no.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|The fourth series continues the adventures of the Doctor and his companions. Evildoers from the past, present and future are all dealt with by the Doctor with compassion for those he confronts and those that he saves. Enjoyable series.
B001F7MSG6|3.0|Good DVD but a bit over the top.  Entertaining and I like the characters.<br />I paid a few dollars more than it costs at Wal-Mart though.
B000MNP2KI|5.0|This 007 movie is a winner.  The new James Bond (Daniel Craig) is spectacular and compliments the prior 007 movies.  A must see and must have movie
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|One great DVD! You will want to own this MOVIE.<br /><br />It has spectacular acting, directing and special effect that appear real.<br /><br />Heath Ledger should be remembered and honored for his fantastic portrayal of \\"The Joker\\"!  The Best.<br /><br />Because it was a pre-order, I paid too much and should have waited and bought it at Wal-Mart!
B00004WEJZ|5.0|Although this James Bond film doesn't get the credit of being one, this is an awesome 007 movie!  Sean Connery and his costars Kim Basinger and Barbara Carrera are stunning as usual.  Great film.  Sure to be a pleaser if you have not yet seen it.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|This movie is by far one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.  The graphics and the story line were just outstanding.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|I bought this for my son. But, I'm watching it also and really like it. I just wish they had some bloopers on it or something else.
0920668364|5.0|This was my childrens favorite book, a must have for new parents.I gave a copy to my daughter to read to my new grandaughter for Christmas, and she got tears in her eyes. It's one you never forget!
B000HC2LI0|5.0|My wife is a long time fan of THE WEST WING.  She absolutely loves this set of DVDs.  During the show's 7 year run, she occasionally missed an episode.  Now she watches them all at her own pace.  The boxed set includes comments by Aaron Sorkin and summaries of each episode.
0807014265|4.0|Victor Frankl's \\"Man's Search for Meaning\\" is a powerful reflection on his experiences in Nazi death camps where he observes Man in his best and worst capacities. In fact, it was first published in 1946 as \\"A Psychologist Experiences the Concentration Camp\\", a much more descriptive title. While it may seem Frank's manifesto was born of his imprisonment during middle age, by his late teens he had already begun formulating a thesis that the quest for meaning is the key to mental health. Ironically, his horrific experience in the camps offered him the opportunity to test his hypothesis.     The book was disappointing in its presentation. The text was relatively short at 165 pages, but it was not an easy read. The first part, which focused on Frankl's experience in concentration camps, was approximately 100 pages with no chapters or headers or organization in the narrative itself. The second part was Frankl's introduction to his \\"logotherapy\\" derivative of psychotherapy, and it is very academic in nature. A postscript and afterward follow. There was some notable redundancy throughout, and one might imagine the four sections were pulled from four separate sources.     But the unique observations expressed here belie the presentation. In a sad, evil place where \\"reality dimmed and all efforts and emotions were centered on one task: preserving one's own life\\" and the best inhabitants could hope for was \\"negative happiness-freedom from suffering\\", Frankl models the behavior of himself, his peers, and his captors.    Amid the pain, squalor, and certainty of death (Frankl stated his chances of survival at 1 in 28) in the prisons, Frankl adopted and articulated a stoic pride and respect for his predicament. For \\"without suffering and death, human life cannot be complete\\". He states that man must come to understand that \\"no one can relieve him of suffering or suffer in his place. His unique opportunity lies in the way he bears his burden\\". He wrote \\"Suffering became a task on which we did not want to turn our backs. We realized its hidden opportunities for achievement\\". For \\"everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of human freedoms-to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way\\".    For Frankl and his companions in the throes of despair, the search for the meaning of life became singular. Frankl's answer, poignant if not hopeful: \\"We needed to stop asking ourselves the meaning of life, and instead to think of ourselves as those who were being questioned by life - daily and hourly. Our answer must consist, not in talk and meditation, but in right action and right conduct\\".    Happiness cannot be achieved, it can only ensue. \\"One must have a reason to `be happy'\\", and then they can achieve optimism despite the \\"Tragic Triad\\" of suffering, guilt, and death. Frankl frequently refers to Nietzsche's philosophy of \\"He who has a Why to live for can bear almost any How\\".    In \\"Meaning\\", readers will find some unique aphorisms and behavioral theories validated by the most rigorous testing imaginable. \\"In the concentration camps...in this living laboratory and testing ground, we watched and witnessed some of our comrades behave like swine while others behaved like saints. Man has both potentialities within himself; which one is actualized depends on decisions but not on conditions\\".
B00012FXB8|4.0|I saw this movie in the theaters when it originally came out and other than the style I thought it destroyed the Alien series. When Resurrection came out I even thought of it as being better than this film. Well, I picked up this DVD and watched the Special Featurettes (before I watched the film) to give me insight into why the film didn't work originally and about the amazing soundtrack.<br /><br />After watching these short films I learned a lot of the extremely troubled production of first time director David Fincher. Some say he shouldn't have been selected to do this film as his first but that's ancient history now. He started making this movie without a script and only a vague idea of the ending and made it work. What we are left with is a dark, gritty, and painful journey into the depths of Ripley's despair. The only hope is that the creature will be destroyed before harming anyone else. The religious aspect of the film drives that sense of lost hope even until you are so involved in the story you wonder how it can be resolved. The DVD extras and additional scenes add the missing piece to the story and the characters' motives behind their actions.<br /><br />I can say this movie is one of the films that makes me grateful for Extended and Directors Cut versions. We get to see what the Studio Execs and test audiences didn't enjoy in their version. Often times we agree with cuts and other times we disagree completely. Thank you 20th Century Fox for allowing this film and this series to get the treatment it deserves.
032147404X|5.0|I've always been a \\"dabbler\\" in photography but 6 months ago I decided to take it a bit more seriously and treat myself to a Digital SLR.  This will be my second photography book, the first being the \\"Nikon D40 Field Guide\\".    I really liked this book..........I guess you want to know why?    This book is a great \\"wide and general\\" book.  The way it is written is as a series of recipies/advice on how you would shoot a particular shot.  It is grouped together into logical chapters: weddings, sports, portrait, landscape.  Each is a page long and focuses on one specific thing.  The style is supposed to be as if you had asked a specific question: \\"how do I do....XXXXX\\".  You get the answer.  There's a drawback to that which I'll come back to.    To me, that is a great way to layout the book.  You can - as I have just done - read through the whole book and pick things up.  Then later on, when you have that specific question you can come back to 1 page rather than have to search through the whole book.    As I said, I'm an enthusiastic amateur.  The book is certainly written in an amateur style - there's no myriad of complicated ackronyms or goobildygook.  I certainly picked up a lot of good information from the book.    Things to note or beware of:    A lot has been written about Scott's writing style and humor (or lack of).  Personally i didn't mind it.  I didn't find it insulting at all.  To me it seems like he's trying to breakdown the barrier of the super-elite techno geek - which no doubt he could be given his extensive experience.  Apart from the first chapter it's not that prevalent: if you read Brien's review that's practically all of it that he's pulled out.    The main criticism for some will be that he doesn't explain in this book WHY you do X, Y or Z.  I understand that criticism and it's true, but that would make for a much longer book.  This book aims to give you a little bit of knowledge on a wide variety of subjects.      In my mind you need to balance this book out with 2 others: 1 book that is specific to what your camera can do (like the D40 field guide above) & 2 an uber-techie book explaining exposure.    The book is general and may focus on areas you aren't that interested in.  The wedding photo section, or shooting flowers section or the sports section (where he starts by saying you'll need $$$$$$'s of gear to do sports well) will not be of interest to everyone.  However it's still good to read those sections and understand a little bit more about photography.    This book is only 1 tool in your photographic arsenal.  IMHO it does that job very well.
0399224459|5.0|Suitable for newborns because of bright colors.  Enjoyable for all pre-schoolers and perhaps above.  Even adults.  Interesting things are happening on every page.  Many details catch your attention.
B00168OINK|5.0|Aside from the distraction of the film being filled with extremely recognizable vocal talents from several generations of Hollywood, it's a wonderful film that is appropriate for the entire family. Amazing kung-fu fight sequences are combined with some traditional spiritually enlightening self-discovery (ala The Silent Flute/Circle of Iron).    As far as the blu-ray side, it's one of the top 20 Blu Rays in production at this time in relation to it's clarity of image and boldness of color. If you really want to put your PS3/BD Player to the test, as well as the raw color power of your HD television, this is the BD for you. (well, either this or Speed Racer). Well worth the sale price of 14-16 dollars if you can manage to catch it during a sale.
B001EN71DQ|3.0|Great at being able to own all 3 Prequels at an affordable price then buying them individually though as far as Great DVDs go this one is lacking in terms of encoding and packaging! Still if you don't any then this the way to go unless there is a release in Blu-Ray which does not seem to be happening anytime soon.
0545128285|2.0|I love the Harry Potter series. I thought this book was cute and added a little something to the HP story but i was mostly disappointed. Stories were fairly short and the footnotes on everything was overdone. Took me as long to read as a good comic book.
0930289234|5.0|This is a great story. The characters in this story are amazing. Each is compelling and there is no clear winner or loser. I love this story.
031606792X|5.0|This book is the most different and amazing of all 4. This book is divided into 3 books (all in the same direction, as the story infolds). The first book is like any of the others; from Bella's perspective. The 2nd is from Jacob's. You really take a greater appriciation for Jacob. It's quite hilarious and it really helps understand and shape the last book, again back to Bella's perspective...it's amazing. The whole story just keeps getting better and better, and I didn't understand how that was even possible. BUT IT IS!
B00004T0US|5.0|This is a fabulous album with Elvis belting out \\"Unchained Melody\\".  The other songs are all great too!  The Title song \\"Moody Blue\\"  is my favorite.  It is definitely worth having in any Elvis Presley collection.
B001ED7C58|5.0|I don't buy many cd's these days, but this was well worth my money!!! It is AWESOME!!! I listen to it EVERYDAY!!!!
143911000X|5.0|This is a funny book and a great gift.  It ended up floating around among all the guests!
B0002F6AH0|5.0|This set is a complete history of World War II from Europe to the Pacific.  The video and commentary are spectacular! Time Life's t.v. advertisement offers 4 discs for nearly the same price as this complete set of 11 discs!  Amazon provides a great buy.
0956010903|5.0|[[ASIN:0956010903 The Tales of Beedle the Bard, Collector's Edition (Offered Exclusively by Amazon)]]    I bought this book as a Christmas gift for my 16-year-old grandson and his comment was, \\"I just love the smell of a new book.\\"   The last time I spoke to him he was half-way through the book and he absolutely loves it, especially the beautiful cover and the illustrations.   Thank you J. K. Rowlings for your excellent work.    Lorna Phillips
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie when I first rented a library copy and have since decided to purchase it.  My only negative comment would be that it was difficult to understand the actor who played John Adams  (Paul Giamatti) when he spoke at times.  A little bit muffled.  Laura Linney was excellent of course.  I've always admired her acting abilities.  Wonderfully done.  There should be more \\"history\\" movies made.  I would also like to see David McCullough's book on Truman made into a movie.  Just as an aside, David McCullough is fabulous reading no matter what he writes.
B0015DROBO|5.0|As other reviews mentioned, this book catchs you and it does not let you breath until you reach the end. Fortunately, the sequel is already in our bookshops here in Spain and I am looking forward to my girlfriend finishing `the girl who played with fire` to go on reading (it's tempting to steal her the book!). Unfortunately, the author died, and we will just have a trilogy. (Maybe fate wished that: too many sequels could be self-defeating).<br /><br />The plot is greatly constructed in two parallel thriller stories plus a number of personal stories which are also very interesting to read. I would like to underline two things:<br /><br />First, the great construction of characters.I am thrilled by Lisbeth Salander, hacker-hero, freak and completely un-adorable. It is a great character. But also Mickael or Henrik Vanger. All have their own contradictions and that makes them very deep and close.<br /><br />Second the premonitory (?) depiction of the corporate-financial world (and the role of journalists therein). When Mickael (Larsson) criticizes the idolatry of journalist to corporate tycoons, one cannot help recalling the recent times when the villains of today -some come to my mind-, were the heroes of the financial world and the financial journalism.<br /><br />A great book!<br /><br />Just one minus, not to Larsson, but to the English version. The traslation of the title is  unfortunate. It is much more appropiate the original traslation (Men who do not love women). Those who have read the book will understand why.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This series is so wonderful to watch!  Even my 4 year old son is captivated by the beauty and realism of all life on our earth!
B00138KKDA|5.0|This is an enjoyable and fun blues boogie album from the Whitest Blues Guitarist, Johnny Winter. It entitled \\"Still Alive and Well\\" because it was recorded after Johnny Winter's recovery from addiction to drugs. We're lucky he recovered and recorded such a wild and fun album.
B00005JNS0|5.0|Great movie for kids.  I love that it has a positive message.  I would change a thing or two such as, I think they refer to one of the cars as being an idiot at one point but compared to a lot of the other \\"kid\\" movies out there it doesn't have a lot of questionable content.  My 2 and a half year old loves it and would watch it all day every day if I allowed it.
B001EN71CW|4.0|I won't bother reviewing Firefly itself because you're all shiny enough to know what's happening in the 'verse, instead I'll concentrate on the Blu-Ray factor.  This IS a better release than the DVDs, no question. The scenes that were filmed look definitively high definition and show details such as fabric weaves and monitor displays. The low light areas are also much improved and the detail is more obvious. Some scenes, primarily SFX clips, were not created with HD in mind and remain stubbornly standard definition. To my surprise this is not as grating as I'd expected. I run a 52\\" 1080 TV and therefore I'd presumed the SD clips would stand out like the proverbial sore thumb but no ... they integrate quite well. Bear in mind that even the SD clips will look slightly better on Blu-Ray because DVD is not quite broadcast resolution and so Blu-Ray can add those extra few lines that the DVD was missing.  The audio is very good. The DTS Master track sounds great and really reveals the subtlety in the string driven music that accompanies the series. The surround efficiency has been improved to with the 3D soundscape seeming much more coherent.  As I said, I'm surprised by how much I like this Blu-Ray release and for any Firefly appreciator with a reasonably good HD system then don't even think about not buying it!  Oh, nice menus too.
0312944098|3.0|The premise of the plot:  That an illiterate mechanic from London's East End could swap places with a Scottish peer and become a world-class business brain in only a few years -- is simply preposterous.  Archer depends here far too much on coincidence and serendipity in his plot and weaves a story that requires the reader to suspend credulity.  One finds oneself laughing derisively at the ridiculous plot twists.  HOWEVER...the book is pretty well written and once you realize that this is a fairy tale, no less than The Lord of the Rings or The Wizard of Oz, you can sit back and enjoy the book, with all its complicated twists and turns and compelling courtroom dialog.  It's a well-written opus, but it's not a serious book.  It's a modern-day version of \\"The Count of Monte Cristo\\".  Read it if you have time to kill and you're bored.
0156030209|5.0|I cant think of a better story to recommend. Sometimes you do wonder if it is a novel. Pi is a great character, simple, physically weak, a non-hero, he could be any one of us. He goes through extraordinary experience out of pure luck. More extraordinary than this is the way it is described and perspective offered at every turn. It is simply beautiful. I cannot tell you more than this. As Pi says \\"My greatest wish--other than salvation--was to have a book. A long book with a never-ending story. One that I could read again and again, with new eyes and fresh understanding each time.\\" This can be that book.
B0007MWZEK|5.0|This is my third purchase of this product. I use it as a vacuum for day to day cleaning carpet, wood floors, tile and concrete.  It works as well as my heavy hoover.  I only have to use a deep vacuum every month or so.  It is light and easy to use to pick up everyday trash and dust balls.    This purchase was a Christmas gift for my housekeepers.  She had not been able to find it locally, and really wanted one for her home.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|John Adams is the best historical drama I have ever seen. It is historically accurate with superb characterization. I highly recommend it.
0920668372|5.0|My mother and I read this book to my brother years ago from ages 1 1/2 until 5. I cried the first time I read it to my son. Amazing story, beautiful words. It's a must have for children
B0007TKNII|5.0|Wonderful adaptation of the play. Although they make the phantom more seductive than socially awkward, the rest of the movie is very true to form. The actors have amazing voices and do a standup job!
B000Y179KO|1.0|I was very disappointed about this purchase.  I had been browsing and didn't realize i had actually ordered it.  When I saw what had happeded I immediately tried to cancel - I was not allowed to.  Then to add insult to injury the cover was partly in Spanish.  Not every one who lives in South Florida is Latin.  So - from now on I will order only from Barnes and Noble.    Phyllis
B00070Q7VO|5.0|love his voice.  Arrangements are from the artists who first did the songs.  Great CD
B001ACH4DS|5.0|You never know what to expect out of American Idol winners.  Some have made albums that knocked my socks off e.g. Carrie Underwood, Jordan Sparks, and Kelly Clarkson and then some not so much e.g. Ruben & Fantasia.  David Cook blew me away with how great an album he created.<br /><br />David Cook helped write the lyrics on nearly all (if not all) songs and his words really tear at my heart strings.  He is emotionally vulnerable and honest and it really comes through in each song.  He totally surpassed all my expectations, and to be honest, I expected his album to be good anyway.  He outdid himself on every episode of American Idol and once again he outdid himself on his first album put out by 19 Entertainment.<br /><br />Songs to check out:  A Daily Anthem (+ the secret song on this track at 12:00 minutes \\"Kiss On The Neck\\"), Permanent, Life On The Moon (about his \\"spiritual\\" journey on American Idol) & Bar-Ba-Sol<br /><br />Definitely buy this album.  David Cook is Phenomenal!
0545128285|3.0|I read this book in about an hour - nice fairy tales - great addition for any HP fan
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I gave this to my sister as a Christmas gift and she absolutely loved it. We've been watching the series ever since it came on the air, so it was definitely worth the money. I recommend this to anyone who is a Friends enthusiast.
B001FBSMW6|3.0|My first reaction was the title of this review: \\"Sounds like a Coldplay dance album.\\"      The sound is bigger, less sophisticated than previous Keane's.  Lyrics a bit terse, few stand out lines (Spiralling: \\"When we fall in love, we're only falling in love with ourselves.\\")    I'm enjoying this album, but liking the new Killers disc more.
0670020745|4.0|This is a fascinating book, which I was eager to read after seeing an article by the author in Scientific American.  However, around chapter 15 it begins to sound repetitive and as if she is trying to fill extra pages with...whatever.  The tone turns preachy and leaves science behind.  However, still worth it up to that point.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|It was a thrill ride, and yes, more freedom for the producer this time around. I loved the movie, only one minor thing, Batmans voice. It is a little bit like a soar throat, needing a cough drop. But maybe that was the way to not reveal his true identity. LIke the Superman movies, you wonder why people could not place the same voice as being Clark Kent's voice. Anyway, well worth to own, the movie has plenty to enjoy, over and over again.
015206057X|4.0|Love the lesson behind this story.  However, this book is probably best for toddlers and up because (1) the book isn't built for a lot of wear and tear and (2) the pictures aren't brightly colored and don't capture the attention of infants - at least not my nephew.  Otherwise, good book for kids.
B001HQZJP2|5.0|Wow, what a series of movies. I actually liked the third one a lot. It was something new to add to the franchise. I was extremely pleased with the video and audio in all three films. They are great discs for anyone who has a Blu Ray player or PS3 on a 1080P HDTV.
B000ZLFALS|5.0|I was prepared to be disappointed by this movie but instead I was blown away by it.  How often have you heard other groups sing Beatles music and it just isn't the same, the delivery is just wrong?  This is different.  The actors were all superb, their voices amazing.  This movies really captured the feeling of the sixties and the Beatles era.  I watched the Blu-ray version and the picture as well as the sound were fantastic.<br /><br />The sets and the imagination that went into this film added to the whole recreation of the era.  It really captured a point in time and made me remember not only events but brought back the feelings of that time.  It was one of the first movies I watched on HDTV with the Blu-ray player and there couldn't have been a better choice.<br /><br />I seldom buy DVD's for myself because there aren't many movies that I would want to see more than once.  But this is definitely one of them.  Two thumbs up for this movie!
B001HIJYR4|5.0|This is an awesome movie.  I bought it for my daughter for Christmas and we watched it a few days later.  Great acting, great story, great special effects.  It DOES get a little bloody at times however.
055358202X|3.0|I am no where the writer George R.R. Martin has shown himself to be. But I am a reader who knows how to compare his works. The first two books were four to five stars, and number three was slightly less. A Feast for Crows continued the downward trend. GRRM got himself in a bind with the story and we ended up temporarily losing half of the characters and meeting a set of people the reader couldn't care about. Hopefully, this trend reverses itself quickly and substantially in the next book. A Dance with Dragons was supposedly close to completion when AFfC was published in 2005. Three years have passed and GRRM has not delivered nor has he indicated where he is in the story. His website indicates that he is busy in other areas and the series appears to no longer be a priority.
0956010903|4.0|My wife is a HUGE Harry Potter fan and was unaware of the Collector's Edition of \\"The Tales of Beedle the Bard\\".  Given to her as part of her Christmas gift she was absolutely excited beyond belief with it.  The presentation is stunning and detailed which (I think) enhances the item significantly.  As a gift to a Harry Potter fan, this would certainly be the way to go; the normal paper back just doesn't compare.
B000J103OI|5.0|The box was in the original, unopened/brand new condition.  I was very happy with my purchase and with the speedy service I received. This is one of my all-time favorites!
031606792X|5.0|This book was amazing.Its one of my favorites from the Twilight Saga. I'm sad that it had to end . But I will be waiting for Midnight Sun. I'm excited. :)
B000VBJEEG|5.0|The box was in the original, unopened/brand new condition.  I was very happy with my purchase and with the speedy service I received.  The little one this was purchased for, loves to watch it!
B001EO748M|4.0|If you take this for the entertainment value and NOT historical accuracy, you won't be disappointed. This is entertainment, loosely based on history. It's very well done on a grand scale and even though you *know* how certain events unfold, you will still find yourself waiting for Henry to step in at the last minute and stop them.
B001E7OO2I|5.0|John Legend's plenteous, soulful and melodic sounds radiate  from this project.  Green Light has such a nostalgic yet fresh funky sound that you find yourself dancing every time you hear the song.  The entire album is an awesome project for those who truly appreciate music and the art of music.
B001ECQ75A|5.0|great movie for everyone, but the fighting animals (esp. the bad guy) can be a little scary for little ones (but they keep coming back for more).
B000YABIQ6|5.0|This [[ASIN:B000YABIQ6 Mad Men - Season One]]    This TV series is a hit for babyboomers or anyone wanting to relive the early 1960's...and remember how life was in the office,  treatment of women at home  and in the office, race relations, bigotry, furniture design and style,  smoking, clothing, advertising of products long forgotton.  It's nostalgia for oldtimers and a glimpse of life 50 yrs ago for youngsters.    Very well acted and worthy of Emmies.  Can't wait for the next season..keep em coming!
B001ECQ6YW|5.0|This DVD arrived in excellent condition and the grandchildren were overjoyed when they saw what they had received for Christmas.
B00005JPMZ|1.0|I really liked the old Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles stuff, but watching this movie was almost painful.  The only thing good about it was that I bought it for just a couple of bucks on a black Friday sale.
0385510454|4.0|I thought this was one of his better books.  It has the elements of a Grisham novel that I like.  A well developed main character who isnt exactly squeaky clean but finds himself in much more trouble than he probably deserves.  I read another critic who stated Grisham was trying and failed to write a \\"Jason Bourne\\" type novel but I don't think thats true here at all.  Grishams character is fairly normal person, with some flaws who's life became out of control and he inadvertanly got in trouble way over his head.      The only minor flaw was the tutoring learning Italian was a little drawn out.
B000T9OP7G|4.0|The video was just as described, and any dissatifaction experience was with the plot-line or camera work rather than the purchase
B00144VBBS|5.0|Great CD recoginzed and can sing along to all the songs. Wonderful - TOTALLY worth the price and then some
B000002QWD|5.0|It's just not Christmas without Bing! This is a must have for your holiday enjoyment.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|We were very happy with this purchase.  It was delivered quickly and the quality is perfect.  Very happy and would buy from again! Thank you!
B00006L9ZT|4.0|I think this is a both a great introductory Ring Cycle for people new to the work and a nice video version for people already familiar to it. The voices are light for their roles, but the magic of the Ring comes across. The visuals (set designs) in Das Rheingold are spectacular. The acting and visual aspect are good here. The singers are sometimes light for their roles, but they are still decent enough. I think most opera lovers would enjoy this, if they have never seen it before.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I got this game for my daughter for Christmas after she highly recommended it from playing in class.  We were not disappointed as the game has given us hours of fun.  There are many different scenarios each time you play so it is fresh each time you play although I can already feel the desire to get an expansion pack for a different level of gaming.
B001CTA1S4|5.0|A very serious allegation is brought against a priest when Sister Aloysius (Meryl Streep) suspects that Father Flynn (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has developed an inappropriate relationship with an altar boy. The boy's history teacher, Sister James (Amy Adams) tells Sister Aloysius that the boy came back from a private meeting with Father Flynn acting peculiarly. Does Sister Aloysius suspect Father Flynn because he has done something wrong or is she biased against him because she disagrees with his progressive methodologies?     The story is an important one, but it is used as a vehicle to debate a broader topic. The movie specifically addresses an allegation of misconduct by a priest, but the characters generally disagree on the role the Church plays in people's lives. Should the Church continue as strict disciplinarian? or adapt to the changing times to become part of the family?     John Patrick Shanley wrote Doubt for the stage, and then adapted his own story into this movie, which he also directed. The story is brilliantly controversial. While you are left to form your own opinion of guilt or innocence, the arguments on both sides are incredibly persuasive.     I have not seen a movie with acting this good in a long time. (Stay with me because I will actually praise Philip Seymour Hoffman, something I normally do as infrequently as possible.) With three strong performances from the movie's three main players (Streep, Hoffman and Adams) one somehow managed to outshine the others. Both Amy Adams and Philip Seymour Hoffman were great. Meryl Streep brought the house down; she was fantastic.     Another performance worth noting was Viola Davis, who plays the boy's mother. She has maybe 5 minutes of screen time, but they are 5 of the most powerful minutes in an already powerful movie. It is probably a name you will hear again.     I will not delve into any conclusions I may have drawn from the movie, particularly because I opted against drawing any. The movie may leave you with a burning curiosity to know if he did it, but I invite you to see this movie with friends so you may discuss your thoughts. But I do recommend the movie; it is surely on my short list for best movies of 2008.
0385338082|5.0|Can You Keep A Secret? will keep you turning the pages. Sophie Kinsella creates another character that will make you laugh, cry, and even think \\"she did what?!\\"    It's worth a read! You won't want to keep it a secret!
B000683VI4|4.0|I had viewed this movie on cable.  I then bought it for my Mom for Xmas.  It is a tear-jerker but so believeable and down to earth.
B001GKJ2FM|4.0|Excellent movie with good bonus features. Fun to watch!  Received very quick delivery by Amazon.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|This was a Christmas gift for my mom and she loved it. Item was shipped really fast and delivered earlier than I expected it. Will buy again!!!
0375826726|5.0|This is an excellent book. Can't wait for the next one. It is a little drawn out in places but that is how he writes so you can just skip over those parts. I really enjoy the more active roll the dragons are getting in this book.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|When I received this the case was broken. However, when I let the seller know, he immediately replaced it with a new one. VERY GOOD Customer Service. I am very pleased!!!
B000KKPN5C|3.0|I saw all the reviews before I purchased the the flash and was soooooooo excited to finally get it, but after that very disappointed. The flash is not strong enough, and it's no stronger than the built-in flash on my Nikon D40. I was trying to capture the spontaneity of my niece Sweet 16 birthday party I was VERY disappointed with the pictures that I took with the flash.  When I removed the external flash, then used the built in flash I have beautiful memorable pictures...
B001FB55LM|4.0|I was intrigued by the plot of 'Yes Man', mostly because on the surface it looked an aweful lot like, 'Liar, Liar'--also a good Jim Carrey flick...but 'Yes Man' turned out to be different, at least enough to make it stand out from the crowd and loaded with enough laughs that I can genuinely recommend it to my friends with ONE Disclaimer: The scene with his elderly neighbor who requests the opportunity to help him sexually--it could have (and should have) been done by simply suggesting the deed rather than taking us to the bedroom and depicting it FOR us.<br /><br />Other than that, 'Yes Man' provides enough giggles and outright belly-laughs to make it entirely worthwhile to see...especially if you are in the mood to just forget the world and laugh a little.  I enjoy a serious flick as much as the next guy, and while I prefer a good comedy to almost anything else, they seem to be in short supply these days--well, at least good ones are.<br /><br />Don't look for Jim to get any nominations for acting awards here, but if you moderately like to see him overact like an imbecile, 'Yes Man' is just what you'll need to feel like the $[...] ticket and $[...] bucket of popcorn was actually worth what you paid...and as always, opinions DO vary.
B001M5UDGS|4.0|I'm a Joss fan from way back, so I knew what to expect going in. Pure unadulterated genius. And largely, I was right. The jokes were dead on, the acting was perfect, and the music was excellent (Nathan Fillion and Felicia Day being somewhat upstaged by Neil Patrick Harris). Dr. Horrible is, all in all, a wonderful work by an exceptionally talented group. I have to admit that I'm disappointed in the ending, if only for its being totally predictably Joss-tastic (inevitably at this point the hordes of Whedonites will descend to explain the brilliance of this ending for me, which I clearly just totally Didn't Get, despite having sat through it in several of Joss's previous projects).    The DVD is great, although the Easter Eggs are infuriatingly obtuse. Commentary the musical is brilliant (very nearly as good as the original DHSAB songs), and some of the underused talent really gets to shine. Also, much of the music is so acerbic as to be borderline corrosive, which is wickedly fun to listen to. The Featurettes, which would otherwise be considered quite solid, are rendered forgettable by the presence of a hilarious spoken commentary. Finally, the ELE auditions are a great deal of fun. I also appreciated the subtitles, although I really wish they'd been made available for the special features as well.    All in all, the project is well worth owning, despite the fact that Joss seems to be a member of the impalement of the month club.
B0013FSL3E|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this animated film. A true love story. Great animation.      Pete
B001G5ZKZS|5.0|Great quality for audio and video.  Would of liked more segments with the band.  Great to see this concert on video.  Lots of rare tracks and great old ones.  Great to see the trio doing what they do!
B001ECQ75A|3.0|A good DVD for kids who like kung fu.  Too childish for adult entertainment. Animation is too clean. Look at the DVD and you'll understand
B001DVBZ4K|5.0|Horton Hears a Who! is a delightful story about an elephant who hears something that nobody else can. Try as they might, they cannot convince Horton to change his mind. This is a great children's story. It teaches they to believe in themselves and follow their our goals to completion.[[ASIN:B001DPHDCY Horton Hears a Who (Widescreen and Full-Screen Single-Disc Edition)]][[ASIN:B001DVBZ4K Horton Hears a Who! (Amazon.com Exclusive DVD Gift Set with Plush and Audio Storybook CD + Digital Copy)]]
B001EO2UKO|5.0|Dido's CD is excellent ....as good as her 1st CD.  Alot of thought went into this one!!!
0780619951|4.0|A flight of fancy on Hollywood's part, this story is a modern rendition of Dr. Moreau's Island.  It imparts modern science into the science fiction, creating a more scientifically plausible story.  Unforgettable performance by David Thewlis.  Also incorporated is a beautiful screen actress, Fairuza Balk, as well as many other unique characters.  If you want accuracy to the book, watch the great older classic.  If you want novelty, this is the movie.
B001F290E4|5.0|Seal delivers with emotion from the heart!    His version of  \\"A change is going to come\\" is sooooo moving!  It speaks of  the change we as Americans can be so proud of at this moment in time.   The background music is awesome.  All of the songs are  special \\"Oldies\\" that will never grow old.
B000FVQLRA|5.0|I purchased this film for the sole purpose that it is Adrien Brody's finest performance to date and is arguably one of the most incredible films Roman Polanski has directed (of which he has many).  The cinematography is incredible, and the musical score is beautiful.  I couldn't give this movie any higher review than any other customer review already has given.  The Pianist is one of those films you are proud to have in your collection.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This is absolutely worth the price!  Your family will enjoy it for years to come.  Even if you're not a nature person, you'll be captivated.  The outtakes are fascinating.  Great camera work.
B00011F5DK|5.0|My husband and I have been searching for games to play with our two little girls (ages 3 and 5) that can really involve all of us. (Yes, we enjoy playing Go Fish, but not EVERY time! :) We have LOVED this game! Even our 3 year old plays with minimal help and we all have fun!
031606792X|1.0|**********Spoiler Below**************    Don't read this review if you haven't read the book and/or if you don't want to know things that are in the book.    **********Spoiler Below*************    I devoured the first three books in this series in a short matter of time, but, this one... well, I almost couldn't finish reading it! I kept hoping that something would redeem it, but it just kept getting more boring and then even more boring.  I should have just stopped, but I felt I had to read it in order to receive some sort of payoff and to make sense of why I had felt compelled to buy and read the previous three.      The author made a big deal out of why Bella and Edward didn't have sex before marriage (Edward's so-called morals or his being old-fashioned--give me a break! He's a vampire and he has killed people! Once you kill a person and drink their blood, you sort of lose out on morals.)   So, they had to get married in order to have sex and then Bella was basically beaten up while having sex with him because he just couldn't control himself 'cause he got too excited.  That's disgusting!  With a little imagination, I'm sure the author could have figured something else out to make it so Bella wouldn't have been hurt having sex with her husband.    But, you know, that wasn't even the worst part.  Having her have a hybrid baby that had to chew its way out of her was sickening.  And to make the baby able to live on human food and/or blood, but to make it prefer blood is just yucky.  As if being human isn't good enough.  But, I should have figured that out based on how all of the vampires became incredibly beautiful once they were changed and how Bella became such a fabulous vampire.  Oh well.    I just feel sorry for my niece.  She has purchased the first novel and is planning to read all of them as I have.  I feel like I should warn her not to get her hopes up or maybe not to waste her time because once you finish reading the fourth book, you feel as if you lost all of the characters you had grown to love.    I really enjoyed reading the first three books and this had the potential to be a great story to the end, but it was ruined for me, and, as far as I can tell, for many others as well.    **********Spoiler Above**************    Don't read this review if you haven't read the book and/or if you don't want to know things that are in the book.    **********Spoiler Above*************
B000BNX3B4|5.0|Great fun.  The sisters remind me of my daughters.  Enjoyed it very much.
0804106304|4.0|I have only read half the book, but I love it!  Having a hard time putting the book down.
B000BUYP4Q|5.0|The product was excellent and the transaction was fast, accurate and flawless. It is a great product with prompt, couteous service.
B001INZ79W|2.0|This would have been a brilliant 5-star EP, but the track LOST+ (with Jay-Z) is HORRENDOUS, and effectively reduces this to 2 stars.<br />Viva La Vida is not only a monumental work of art from our beloved Coldplay; I regard it to be one of my favourite albums - period.<br />So, not to pick on Jay-Z: the idea to add a rap track (from anybody) over the already perfect composition \\"Lost\\" is akin to taking a crayon to the Mona Lisa.<br />Fine, somebody had the idea.<br />Fine, forgive Coldplay for trying this.<br />But why, dear God, WHY was this actually released!? The fact that this was released is, in my humble opinion, completely indefensible and unforgivable.
143911000X|5.0|The effort put into this book was as much as was put into the show. It's hilarious, even when read by yourself. And when reading it, you can't help but hear Barney reading it to you!
031606792X|5.0|This was a great purchase!  Breaking Dawn was a lot of fun to read.  In fact, I've read it twice since I got it.  And my son has borrowed it as well.  Stephanie Meyer has written a unique series of books.  Keep em coming!!!
1932100660|5.0|Excellent book, very informative, life-changing!  Makes anyone want to stop eating disgusting, rot-in-your tummy murdered flesh.  Reading this book will save your life, especially if you are one of the many brain-washed victims of America's \\"meat and dairy is good for you\\" cults.  Hopefully it will make everyone go vegan and stop supporting the factory farms which contribute to global warming, billions of animals being tortured and murdered every year, and the end to heart disease, diabetes, high cholesterol, kidney failure, high blood pressure, cancer, impotence,  shall I go on?
143911000X|5.0|Women, grab this book for insights into the male psyche.  Supposedly written by the Barney character on 'How I Met Your Mother', it's hilariously accurate.  An easy and delightful read.
B00078XGRO|5.0|I was happy with the product. Nothing was wrong with it and it worked great.
B0010YPTGU|5.0|This was truely a masterpiece. The guest artists are  an added surprise and complement to Andrea's hauntingly beautiful vocal ability.The orchestra that accompanies Andrea is exceptional.A must for classical music lovers.
1589944607|4.0|This game is very true to the TV series it comes from.  There is plenty of suspicion and doubt cast around the table as the game progresses and crises are more crucial to survival.  The game does run quite long, averaging 2.5 hours for a three player game.  Recommended for fans of the series and players interested in a semi-cooperative board game.
B001CD6FKI|1.0|What a disappointment. Like Alice in wonderland meets Mario Andretti. Bad acting,flashing lights and colors. I'm sorry I spent that much and geeting so little in return. Both young and old in our home agreed.
0316017922|5.0|Malcolm Gladwell books are very well written by this young author. It is worthwhile to invest time and money to learn with his ideas!!!
0545128285|4.0|If you have a true appreciation for the Harry Potter series, then it's worth the read. Otherwise, I would say it's not worth your time. What I enjoyed most were not the tales themselves, but the commentary after each tale and its relation to events from the HP series.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|A great performer. As an amateur it does evrything I need and more. Had the side shadows with the built in flash on my D-40-none of that with the SB-400. Still experimenting but no dissatifaction yet.
B00008CLOA|5.0|THE best album of all time,  without a doubt.  I have purchased perhaps a dozen of this CD over time, both for myself and as gifts.  Over 1,500 weeks on Billboard.  Just Google it and you'll see why it is the best.   -ron
B000W7JWUA|5.0|We were very satisfied with this game. The concept is refreshing, although it's a step-up over monopoly; the game has a good set of rules that let's one finish up in a finite amount of time plus the variable aspect of the game brings in certain degree of novelty each time we played. My ten year old was able to quickly understand all the rules and wanted to keep playing. Definitely recommend the product. Just one suggestion to the game makers, maybe the thickness of the hexes can be worked onto so they latch and stay on better.
B00005MAM2|5.0|This movie is a must-see for any anime fan. It's as simple as that. The makers of Akira were ahead of their time. Akira inspired and influenced many other films. It's the movie that brought anime to the US. It is a wonderful classic. However, I will say, if you have read the print version, expect changes as you would any time a story's format changes. Even if some viewers end up disliking it, Akira is a film all anime fans should experience.
0446530573|5.0|I loved this book. I am from New Jersey so the places etc. were familiar.  Also a good deal of the recipes were ones that my grandparents, mother, and aunts cooked. It was very helpful and lots of fun to go down memory lane.
B001FSDOZO|5.0|It was cheaper here than anywhere else I looked.  Always have fast delivery, well packaged items, when buying from Amazon.
0307269752|2.0|The middle chunk of this book is a moderately interesting murder mystery thriller.  I feel like I've read better mysterys, however.  The motivations here are totally concealed and then completely explode to resolution in the space of 100 pages.  The interesting part, alas, wraps up 100 pages before the end of the book.  The rest is the 'corporate thriller' and is not thrilling.  The 100+ pages of dull setup to start this book is not thrilling either.  I love the tease on the back, something like, if you get to chapter two you're HOOKED!.  Huh? Maybe if you get to chapter 14 you might get engaged.<br /><br />OK, SPOILER ALERT.  Again, why are are thriller masterminds so stupid?  This mastermind has a worldwide criminal empire spanning drugs and WEAPONS dealing.  He's ostensibly run afoul of international law in coopting aid money to arm hosile commandos or whatever.  So his arch-nemesis (worth installing a mole in the organization) is a SWEDISH FINANCIAL JOURNALIST WITH A STAFF OF SIX PEOPLE? WHAT?  He's not concerned about Interpol, NATO, the Columbians, NSA, CIA, MI-6, no, no, no.  He's busy trying to ruin a small magazine BY CONSPIRING TO WITHHOLD ADVERTISING. REALLY?<br /><br />Also, the mastermind keeps 100% of all of his files on one laptop, had kept the SAME HARD DRIVE OVER NUMEROUS LAPTOPS FOR 15 YEARS AND STILL USED IT RELIGIOUSLY EVEN AFTER FLEEING? This plot device is so stupid the book even acknowledges it in two places and continues to use it.  Also, he apparently has a million bank accounts but manages to lodge every critical krona in ONE BANK ACCOUNT that apparently doesn't require him to be even aware of what's going on to withdraw some super-bonds which are so liquid and transferrable they violate every possible money laundering statute even in Switzerland.<br /><br />Oh, in further SPOILERS: the second generation killer has been able to kill apparently hundreds of women in his secret underground dungeon over the course of forty years, fine.  Though the town is notably small and every coming and going of our hero is observed by EVERYONE, the killer can transport foreign women in and their remains out over decades without the slightest detection. Yet, within two hours of being detected manages to not kill a journalist and crash his car into a truck.  Dumb.<br /><br />Further, I think the utter goofiness of the plot makes the startling violence and misogny in the book shocking and misplaced.  Frankly I'm sad to see the plug from John Burdett on the back because Burdett's books are awesome.mall and every coming and going of our hero is observed by EVERYONE, the killer can transport foreign women in and their remains out over decades without the slightest detection. Yet, within two hours of being detected manages to not kill a journalist and crash his car into a truck.  Dumb.    Further, I think the utter goofiness of the plot makes the startling violence and misogny in the book shocking and misplaced.  Frankly I'm sad to see the plug from John Burdett on the back because Burdett's books are awesome.
1878424602|5.0|All is perfectly well.  Books ordered were suppose to be new and they were.  Thanks for the promptness in delivery.   Lin
B00005N6KG|2.0|The fellow who indicated that they only work for a few months is absolutely correct. The wire they use for these headphones doesn't stand up to much wear. I've fixed a few pair, but it is a pain. Same problem every time. At any point where the cable is bent (1)where there is strain relief to mitigate this problem at the plug in side and (2) just inside the headpiece where the wire bends to get to the speaker, the wires will break within a few months. I also would pay $30 for them if they just lasted a year or more.
B000ASDFJU|4.0|My husband bought me this as a gift for my birthday, and I do love it so.  After quite some time, I am finally reaching the end of the series, when I made a somewhat confusing discovery... I've been watching all of the episodes in consecutive order.  Well last night I watched the last disc that is in my set...  \\"Season 6, Part One, Disc 3\\".  I seem to be missing the discs for \\"Season 6, Part 2\\".  The episode description pages are there for this, but there aren't even sleeves in the binder for the discs.  Where are the last episodes?  There is also a Bonus Disc, but that's just bonus material, no episodes.  I'm just wondering if anyone else has had this occur.  I'm really bummed out if I got a bad box set here.  It was purchased way to long ago to think about returning it.  Please reply if you have any answers.  Thanks!
B000TSJU0E|5.0|I'm not writing this review to comment on the album.  You probably already know about Eliminator and nothing I can tell you will change your opinion or add anything substantial.  The reason I bought this was because as is the case with a lot of CDs released in the mid/late 80s, the mastering on the original CD release was terrible.  If you have a decent stereo and speakers, it sounded bad...no bass, shrill treble...blah.  I have to say that I'm very happy with the mastering on this release.  \\"Gimme All Your Lovin\\"  starts out with the thumping bass you'd expect.  \\"Thug\\" is phenomenal.  The rest of the tracks are much, much better than the original.  Granted they don't sound like recently recorded music that is correctly mixed and mastered, but it isn't bad.  The live tracks don't sound great, but that is kind of to be expected considering when and how they were recorded.
0312427999|5.0|This book truly broke my heart.  I believed that the United States was the shining beacon on the hill, a light for all to see and aspire to.  I learned that we are not.  We have been a participant in every ugly war and battle that has stolen freedom from others that has ever occured.  We have stolen what is good in other cultures and mad it ugly.  We have done this in the name of money and power.  We have been guilty of these crimes inspite of the pretty propaganda slogans and powerful words we have chosen to believe are true.  Martin Friedman's economic drives that led to the undoing of the economies and cultures of most of South America during the 1970's and 1980's, including Chile, Peru, Nicaragua, Panama, Brazil and Argentina, not to mention the damage done to Africa and other lands, among others, will remain a stain on the trustworthiness of the people of the United States for ever and ever and ever into the future.  Read this book and learn why this is true.....And if you dare to believe this is not true, read it and tell me how it is not so....
B000MR9D5E|1.0|I ordered this product on December 6.  After I placed the order it said that due to the sellers history this would not make it by Christmas.  As this was a Christmas gift I was now left to find a new gift.  To this date, I still have not received the product but the seller received his money promptly.  I have filed a claim against the seller.  This was my first experience with a bad item, but I have always bought from Amazon directly and never a seller.  I recently bought something else from another seller and we will see how that goes, but at this point it hasn't shipped when it said it would.  I'll stick to Amazon directly from now on.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|These are sturdy, lightweight headphones with GREAT sound. Buy them, for $100 you're not going to get any better. You can't go wrong with these headphones. Just make sure the music you listen to with these is high quality. Anything in mp3 below 256kbps sounds like crap. If you listen to music mostly from original CD's or in lossless/high quality mp3 formats then these headphones will sound great.<br />The only thing that maybe some people will not like about these headphones is that they sound very sharp. When I say sharp I mean that the high end is a bit exaggerated. Many people who do not like that will say these headphones sound tinny, it's all a matter of taste of course. I like the sharp sound so I have no problem with these.
B000B8QEYC|5.0|While occasionaly criticied for the \\"sameness\\" of her sound, when it is this good, why not?  There is not the duplication one finds on several of her other CDs.  All new...all good.  A gifted voice for all to enjoy. Easy listening.
B001DU8T6I|5.0|I love this CD, I can listen to it every day and still don't get enough  of it! I think that every teenage girl can relate to the lyrics of at least one of the songs. This is really one of the CDs I love the most (and ofcourse the Jonas Brothers).  Can't wait till Demi is coming to Holland, I know I'll be there :D    Greetings from Michelle,  Holland
0545128285|3.0|I miss Harry Potter!  I liked the tales in this book, but what I didn't expect was not liking the Dumbledore additives.  A recommendable book overall.  Hoping for more from JKR soon.
1401322336|4.0|Just like his T.V. persona Jamie Oliver does a great job with this guide to cooking.  It is really aimed at a British audience with its choices of fish, meat, veggies, desserts and idioms.  It is still a great cookbook for Americans though, even if we don't have access to the same products exactly and the spice choices are a little off of American tastes in some instances, i.e. indian spices on the one hand and somewhat bland english tastes on the other.  However, if you have an interest in European-style cooking, which is fabulous, you will love this.
B001GZ6QBU|5.0|Whenever I order straight from Amazon and not a seller I get really good customer service.  It's easy and fast.  Many times the seller is cheaper but I get less than superb service even with high ratings.  I will be choosing to pay the higher price with Amazon rather than cutting a lower deal with a seller with a high rating.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|GAVE THREE FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS AND EVERYONE LOVED IT.  WE ARE ON OUR THIRD TIME WATCHING IT.  ALWAYS PICK UP SOMETHING NEW WHEN WATCHING IT AGAIN.  GREAT ACTING JUST ENJOYED IT VERY MUCH.  WOULD BE A GREAT GIFT FOR YOUNG HISTORY STUDENTS.
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|Enya fans will not be disappointed.  New fans will be impressed with the purity of her vocals and the enchantment of the songs. Easy listening.
031606792X|5.0|I love this book it is a great end to the series. Even though I didn't want it to end!
B00E3QJ7FG|5.0|a great movie in this way even better and have fun watching it and watch how to do things and some magic
B001DHXT6G|1.0|I love Star Trek, but when I received the $200 set, the inside special-made DVD carrier was busted & roughed up on season I. I returned it, since it was a lot a money. On receiving a new set, it was also shattered and the outside holder also cracked. Given the fragile nature of DVDs, I didn't want to find out, 6 months from now, that some of them would not play, so I returned it also.     Maybe some folks wouldn't mind this problem, but for $200 I wanted something that wasn't broken from the git-go.
B000001FN8|4.0|This one and the one that came after, can't remember the name are the last of the great Scorpians cd's.
B000W9DTG6|4.0|This is a great collection of the Ocean's movies.  Reasonably priced, nice box set.  I would recommend this product.
B001DTPZNY|5.0|Absolutely wonderful movie full of action.  Holds your interest and has you sitting on the edge of your seat at times!
0312360266|4.0|Just finished reading this book.  I've been reading other Vamp books (aka Twilight and Vampire Academy).  This books is NOT as good as those but it's definitely a great start to the series.  I enjoyed that it didn't end on some major cliff hanger and call me crazy, but I enjoy a happy (or at least not tragic) ending which is what this book appears to have.  It was definitely enough to get me to go out and buy the second book in this series.  The only problem I had was how juvinile they sometimes make the main character Zoey out to be...when I was sixteen I wasn't still using words like poo-poo mouth, it made her seem six instead of sixteen.  However, I do think the author is building a solid foundation for the characters and it made me want to keep going with the series.
B001HUHBDG|4.0|I bought this movie for my son without having seen it before.  I recalled tepid reviews in the theater, so I wasn't sure it was a good purchase.  When I watched it, I loved it.  Very funny and appropriate for kids and adults.  As always, Amazon's packing, shipping, and timeliness was excellent.
0345495004|4.0|This is a very touching story of an extraordinary cat who becomes the \\"King\\" of the a local Iowa library.  He brings in people of all ages to the library to read, check out books, listen to stories read and/or to just sit and snuggle with Dewey, the orange marmalade tabby cat. It is a enjoyable read and very emotional.  My only complaint was that the author spent too much of her time telling her story and all of the problems of her family instead of just letting Dewey be the star.  She injected too much of her into the book and I felt it was distracting and took away from Dewey's story.
B000001EUR|5.0|...gotta love it.  Finally going through and getting all my old 80's albums and cassettes on CD.
B00139XZF4|5.0|I was so intrigued by this movie that I'm buying it in Blu-Ray.  I think it's worth it.  Even though I have not read the Pullman books, I agree with other reviewers that the story is about the power of free will over fascism.  It is a much more spiritual story than many may perceive.  No need to get too intellectual, though.  The polar bear warriors are worth buying the movie, and that's all I need to say.
B001ECQ75A|2.0|The quality of the video is great but I found the content a little aggressive for a small child.
B001EN71DQ|5.0|I ordered, and the product came in good condition. What more can you ask for.
0195170776|4.0|Wonderful, thorough reference. Good use of white space to make locating easy. Only one complaint--this is a textbook sized volume and can be a little unweildy.
B001AX9DT0|5.0|Ray LaMontagne is just wonderful!  What else can I say  -he seems much happier on this CD - it isn't as dark as his previous works.
B001GJOL22|5.0|I received this Disc, plus a Sony Blu-Ray player for Christmas from my Wife (both were at the top of my list). This is just an awesome concert video. I've been a fan of Rush for a very long time (circa 1980), but most of my friends at the time were more into the Metal Bands, so never found someone to go to concert. When I got to college I made friends with plenty of Rush fans, but as is the case in college money was lacking when it came time to buy tickets. Well, thank god for Rock Band. Rock Band introduced my son to his first Rush song, and I introduced him to the rest. So, last summer I took my son (age 10) to his first concert, which happened to be my first Rush concert. The best concert that I have ever been to (mad at myself for waiting so long to get to a Rush concert). My son still talks about it. The setlist they played was almost identical to the one played on the Blu-Ray. Watching the Blu-Ray is like reliving the concert over and over again for me.
B000OHZJKK|5.0|With the Attractions, Elvis was at his best. If this recording came out today, it would still be fresh. Raw rock.
B001ED7C58|5.0|I purchased these to give as gifts, but after hearing it, I had to keep one for myself.  Great item.
B001EN71DG|5.0|I ordered, and the product came in good condition. What more can you ask for.
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|...and relaxing. Purchased as a small gift for my wife to sooth out the stresses of a long day at work, this CD by Enya certainly accomplishes the intended task.
B001ER4CSO|5.0|Purchased this dvd. Just as described excellent condition and at a resonable price. Price was better than the other major sites.  Will make all my future purchases at Amazon. Great sellers , fast shipping. Very Happy!
0545128285|5.0|Both my husband and my son, who are avid HP fans, were NOT disappointed with the Bard (I enjoyed it as well).  It is a lovely follow-up to the series.
B000A0GP4K|5.0|I gave this video as a gift, and the recipient was thrilled. I have owned it myself for years, and it is the best documentary of Bob Dylan around. Price was great, shipping was very fast, I am happy!
0142410322|5.0|I purchased this for my daughter and nephew and it is a great story and continuation of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory!  It is Art, it is not always supposed to be understood by everyone but we love it!
0956010903|5.0|I've never really imagined being the owner of a BEAUTIFUL book! Beautiful books are something I've only seen in a museum but this one is such a nice work done, that I just stare at it at least once a day! I know this will be a treasured item for a very long time - and imagine that could happen to \\"just a book\\"?
0060555661|5.0|This book is well worth the read. It is very detailed and informative about the fluctuations of the market and the effects on its stockholders. The \\"Intelligent Investor\\" will teach you how to avoid the most common and critical mistakes of investing in the market. Like I said before, the book is very detailed and is not for the practical beginner. I feel an intelligent understanding of the market and economics is necessary to have before reading this book. Highly Recommended.
B000EQ5TSI|5.0|Arrived in perfect condtition,& in plenty of time for Santa to put this DVD in a stocking. Since this was a gift I haven't viewed it - but daughter & husband said it was very good.
0765316897|3.0|To begin, I will simply state that were half stars available, I would actually give this book 3.5 stars.  As it stands, I lean more toward 3 stars and less toward 4 stars on this one so 3 gets the nod.    The good.      Sanderson writes a great story complete with interesting plot ideas and twists along with a unique world with strong \\"laws\\" which he follows very closely.  I don't want to give the plot away, so I will avoid any actual description of the story.  That said, I can simply say that the man writes an amazing story from a plot and world building perspective.    One area where this book shows Sanderson's continued evolution as a writer is the fact that his characters tend to be less black and white in this novel than in previous books.  His characters struggle with issues before making a decision where in earlier works the characters would have made the decision as a matter of course.    The bad.    The main issue I have with this book is the fact that the characters rarely have their own \\"voice.\\"  Each character comes complete with one or two traits that differentiate them, but Sanderson does little to actually develop the characters through dialog.  Most characters banter with each other using the same voice.  While there is the practical aspect where the actions and decisions each character makes usually adhere closely to their individual \\"traits,\\" the actual dialog between characters rarely gives any of the characters personality beyond these traits.  Sadly, had the names of the characters speaking been removed, I believe it would have been very difficult to know who was speaking.    Overall, the story itself trumps the lack of character development through dialog.  As stated earlier, the world which Sanderson creates is unique and Sanderson's descriptive writing allows the reader to become fully immersed into the world he creates.  The plot and Sanderson's willingness to force his characters to adhere to their strict code of traits does allow this bookto overcome the poorly written dialog.  Fact is, were there more attempt to create unique characters within the area of dialog, this book would easily rate 5 stars.
B000002J5K|4.0|First and foremost The Blues Brothers Movie is a great cult classic in the same vein as Animal House, Spinal Tap, etc.. And the music is one of the central characters. This is the soundtrack that re-energized the careers of Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin and James Brown in the 80's. John Belushi and Dan Akroyd do an adequate job on their tunes while Charles, Franklin, Cab Calloway and Brown truly shine. Finally, through it all, the absolutely first-rate, crack, back-up band created a sound that can never be duplicated. With such veterans as Duck Dunn, Steve Cropper and that awesome Horn section - this soundtrack delivers greatly on a sonic level, if nothing else. If you haven't heard or seen the movie recently, pick this up for a great reminiscent ride!
B00003CXB4|5.0|I was very pleased with the condition of the product.  It was shipped in a timely manner and the condition was as stated \\"new\\".  Though many said I payed to much for it, seeing that it is no longer offered in stores and there were many who wanted more for the same product, I was very pleased with everything.
B001GQSY5U|4.0|This is over priced for the short movie and special disc.  The overall stories is excellent but I would have liked it to have a longer story.  I would say weight until they release all of The Clone Wars series to DVD and then it would be worth the price.  My son and daughter get this from Santa and just put it aside.  I ask way and they said they seen it a couple of times on cartoon network and it only have the first part.
B001KOFH2G|5.0|I could go on forever about how much I love this movie, but for those that haven't seen the movie or show I'll just say this:  Watch FIREFLY (the TV series), fall in love and then watch SERENITY.  The movie is ten times better when watched in proper order.    This is my fourth purchase of SERENTIY, and I rarely double-dip, let alone purchase the same movie SEVERAL times.  Two DVD releases and an HD DVD precede my ownership of the Blu-Ray.    The HD DVD video transfer is pretty grand, with few complaints.  This Blu Ray is ported directly over, as far as I can tell.  The real winner with the Blu Ray is the DTS-HD lossless audio.  SERENITY has never sounded better!  If there's one thing I'm happy about Blu-Ray taking the leading crown over HD DVD is the extra memory space to allow such astounding audio!    If you have previous versions, this is worth the upgrade if you have the audio set up to exploit it.  Video is fantastic as well, especially if upgrading from a DVD.
0385736002|1.0|I went on to other books and decided to give this one a try then Chapter Four bothers me so much that I am not going to finish this book. Why? Harry Potter fans will understand this (paraphrased) \\"I learned the secret to the philosopher's stone . . .I learned how to change metal into gold . . . but more than this I found the recipe for a formulation of herbs and spells that keeps disease and death at bay.\\" Then it goes on to say that this book is needed to make a potion they must drink once a month to keep them alive and without the recipe they will die.<br /><br />Okay if you are over two centuries old because of a recipe would you not have it memorized by now? Besides that fact J.K. Rowling had stated that the Philosophers / Sorcerers stone was the elixir of life and Lord Voldemort wanted it to live . . . not a stupid book.<br /><br />In a nutshell the author never understood J.K. Rowling and needs to realize the kind of audience he is writing to. This would be good for teenagers but the world of Harry Potter and beyond are way older than 15.
0060849827|5.0|I've been on the lookout for a good little book on survival to use as a text in a class I'm teaching for 7-8 grade students at a local elementary/Jr. High school. I was pleased to find no bad language or \\"hard edge\\" military reference. Fine basic information for civillians. Very easy to read for Jr. Highers with no high-brow words. Lofty seems like a stand up guy, and I'm thankful he saw fit to put this together. Also, It's small enough to fit in your kit and the kids will like taking it home with them. Now, if only I could give them a Mora Clipper knife and Blastmatch as well, they would be set! God bless \\"zero tolerance\\"....
031606792X|1.0|Enough has been said by others regarding the awful ending of this series that I don't need to say much more. But let me say one thing. The point of fables like this is that we learn something from them. Life doesn't have a perfect ending. Difficult situations require difficult solutions. Fables are a way for us to understand these situations, and even though the ending is not always happy, there are lessons to learn. Happy endings frequently come at a price - even Disney understands this (e.g. The Little Mermaid).     Breaking Dawn illuminates nothing. The series sets up a number of difficult situations, and Breaking Dawn conveniently ties them up, throws a little glitter on, puts a cherry on top, then adds a squirt of chocolate syrup. Why not? If it's going to be devoid of meaning, it may as well be unpalatable.     Instead of Breaking Dawn, it seems that Stephenie Meyer is Breaking Down.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This was an excellent movie.  The makeup and little details in the movie made this very authentic.  Tom Hanks and co. did a fantastic job in producing this.  Normally any productions he has been behind are well worth watching and this movie backs up that statement.
B000UR9T8C|4.0|This movie series held up pretty well and was close to the comic book storys.  Part three had its moments where it looked like it would stall but being a big spider man fan I still like it.
B00005LC1H|5.0|This series is John Cleese at his funniest. The episodes can be watched over and over again and still be funny even though you know the plotline
B001ECQ75A|5.0|My husband and I love this movie - actually any adult I've talked to loves it - so does my 2 year old son.  My 5 year old daughter and 4 year old son loved it for the funny parts but it does get a bit scary and those are the parts they remember when they decline to watch it ...
B001EOQWEO|5.0|This movie is one of the best from Pixar! It is lovely and has a great message. A must see!
B000TGJ8CQ|4.0|I'm surprised I like this film, but that keeps happening with me and Nicholas Cage.  The movies I think I'll hate, I love and the ones I think I'll love, I hate.  Weird.  Anyway, my best friend encouraged me to watch this movie and I'm glad that I did.  I thought the little quirk of being to see into the future for just two minutes intriguing.  I found Chris/Frank odd and charming.  Biel was actually pretty good as a love interest in this film and I even like the big twist at the end.  Win.  Win.
B001CDLATE|4.0|This film captures little pieces of the world we live in. It's full of surprises. We all suffer, some more than others, but not for any reason. Dancing, starving, bathing, praying ... churches and the holocaust. You won't be bored, even if there are no words.    A more clean, pure version of what Koyaanisqatsi was going for, in my opinion.
B001EOQWEO|5.0|This has it all great plot, amination, story and moral/emotional issues put in a family friendly way.  This will be a classic!  It has a quite robot to robot plot that is funny, sad and loving.  Plus the add bonus or draw back of the moral problem of the modern world we live in today with or growing weight poor and waste.
031606792X|5.0|the book came very fast & was in excellent condition. i was very pleased with amazon!
159102594X|3.0|Abercrombie doesn't push the envelope here with the established fantasy tropes, but he does breath life into his reluctant warriors, mysterious wizards, cocky youngsters, grizzled veterans by infusing them with some weaknesses and self-deprecation.     The writing is entertaining and amusing, almost winking at times, as if Abercrombie knows he's writing an adventure story and isn't taking it too seriously.
0385340990|5.0|The quirky characters come to life via letters in this wonderful read that also educates about life during and post WWII. I found myself drawn in immediately and didn't want this book to end.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Superb in every respect.  And so heartening to know it was a totally American production.
B000WC3A0S|5.0|Was PERFECT for my kid..we drove from Oregon to Kansas and these 6 DVD's were the only thing he watched..over & over & over again.
B0011NVC9I|5.0|This movies plot/story is missing some.  But I just like the action, blood and CGI which was worth it to me.  It really shows off the human nature of telling tell tales and making our shelve's look better to other but in the end just look like a fool!!!
B0009R1T7M|5.0|I'd heard a great deal about Sufjan Stevens here on Amazon. What really hooked me was the album Illinoise, which features as its first song a tale of the UFO sighting in 2000 over Highland, Illinois.  I live in Missouri, near St. Louis, so I remember the news reports.  Anyways, curiousity rewards this listener with an entire album's worth of very fine music.  To keep my review simple and not repeat what others have already said (and very well indeed), I'll just say Sufjan Stevens is a brilliant artist who will make you think and make you feel.  Illinoise is an outstanding album and a great place to start if you'd never heard him before.  Very much worth the money.  5 stars.
B001FSDOZO|5.0|IF YOU LIKE NICKELBACK YOU WILL LOVE THIS CD I MUST SAY THEY ALWAYS HAVE A WAY OF REACHING INSIDE YOU AND BRINGING YOU BACK TO YOUR PAST WITH (THIS AFTERNOON) AND THEY DID THAT AGAIN HERE THEY ROCK YOUR SOCKS OFF AND THEN THEY MAKE YOU SIT BACK AND THINK WITH (TODAY WAS YOUR LAST DAY) WOW AND THE SONG (NEVER GONNA BE ALONE) REACHES INSIDE YOU AAA++++ ALL THE SONGS ARE EXCELLENT GET IT TODAY!!!!!
8478886567|4.0|This book was a gift for my husband, who is always looking for ways to keep up his Spanish. He seemed to really like it. It was challenging, but not overwhelming for him to read.
0545128285|5.0|I purchased this book as a christmas gift for my Great-Grandson. He is 16 years old but has read every Harry Potter book. He said this was something you can read over and over. As a Harry Potter reader myself I intend to read it if he ever turns it loose
031606792X|5.0|Great book, completed the Twilight Saga wonderfully. The author was careful to bring all the characters to satisfactory conclusions and still leave the door open to further exploration for the main characters if she so chooses in the future. The book was very well written and all of the questions that the reader might have were answered in a thoughtful and caring way. You will carry the characters with you as wonderful friends.
B0011NT4FM|5.0|My latest GG acquisition was Three Friends, which I received for Christmas from my wife. In a nutshell, I can say that the album is outstanding, and more of a rocker than the previous GG albums I have heard (I'm thinking of songs like 'Peel the Paint', and 'Working All Day').  The album is a concept album revolving around three friends, each of whom takes a different path in life after leaving school.  Like all GG music it is very progressive, and takes some time before an uninitiated listener gains a deep appreciation.  But for fans of this excellent band, this is a must purchase. The entire album is excellent.  5 stars.
B001HDO4Z6|4.0|I have to admit, I didn't know these new songs were coming after the release of Vida la Vida. Oddly, if this particular release were all that ever came out I would have been happy. So...bonus!    I don't think it's a stretch to argue that Prospect's March is the best song on both recordings.     \\"Don't you wish your life could be as simple  As fish swimming around in a barrel  Where you've got the gun\\"    Simply perfect. The imagery portrayed in this song is haunting.     Chris's piano work on track 2, \\"Postcards,: is as beautiful as I've heard from Coldplay, or any other artist in recent memory. I hope they've still got a few more albums left in them, but fear they're ready to call it a day as a band.     Highly recommended if you're a Coldplay fan.
1595141715|2.0|Please read Jeffrey Eugenides' The Virgin Suicides instead of this selection. It is far superior and a far more realistic look into how we really don't know what' going on in other people's lives.    13 Reasons Why's formula gets old really quickly. I also didn't care about any of the characters by the end of the book, so I never really got to feel the full impact of the emotions that Asher tried to convey.    Honestly, read The Virgin Suicides instead.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|I bought this as a Xmas present for my fiance & he LOVES it.  He raves about it every time he watches one of the segments.  With 11 DVD's it's going to take him a while to get through it & he seems to be enjoying every moment.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I've been a fan of Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog ever since it debuted online.  I liked it so much I even tracked down the sheet music and learned \\"Freeze Ray\\" (or \\"Laundry Day\\" depending on who you talk to) to sing during online shows.<br /><br />I bought the DVD to support the cast and crew, and figured the musical commentary to be some kind of cute gimmick, maybe fun to listen to.<br /><br />Boy, was I wrong!  It's incredibly funny; tongue in cheek spoken parts, and songs that I believe rival the original songs in the actual video.  I can't get them out of my head any more than I could the originals after I had first saw them.<br /><br />I do wish the musical commentary focused a bit more on what was happening on the screen, but then again there's an actual commentary for that, also included.<br /><br />So sure, the original video is available online, and some of you won't buy the DVD for that reason.  But if you liked the songs, the musical commentary alone is worth double this price.  Excellent stuff!
B0013FSL3E|5.0|We took our boys to see this in theaters and anxiously awaited its' arrival to DVD. My boys adore this movie and it is such a nice story, a nice change from so much of the other junk out there!
B000007443|5.0|Years ago, I confided in a friend who played in a jazz band that I was looking for jazz CDs with good vibraphones, and he recommended this.  He added, \\"Listen to the first cut, `Pools,' it will blow you away.\\"  Well, I listened, and it did.  Mike Mainieri's vibraphone soloing on \\"Pools\\" is the best kind of free-flowing improvisation from this beautiful instrument, yielding an absorbing pleasure trip.  Tenor saxophonist Michael Brecker amazingly matches Mainieri in quality on \\"Pools\\" to make this 11-minute plus composition magnificent from start to finish.  The second song, \\"Islands,\\" is almost as good.  Mainieri's vibes sparkle again on this track, as well as on \\"Skyward Bound\\" and \\"Northern Cross.\\"  Brecker time and again displays a great technical proficiency on the sax, and the rhythm section is great. The group is really together except on the oddball improvisation finale \\"Trio.\\"  Fans of pianist Eliane Elias should note she made her first album appearance here, before she launched her very successful solo career.   Her radiant improvisation work on \\"Islands\\" is her highlight.  Beyond my predilection for the great vibraphone work, this eponymous U.S. debut is one of the best modern jazz albums I know.
1401216676|5.0|What is there to say that hasn't already been said? The art and writing are top shelf and it comes in a grade A package. The only thing to deter you from reading this story is that it contains some mature imagery, so it's not for the kids.
B000S0GYRU|5.0|This movie is just great plain and simple, its a must own edition for any dario argento fan.
B001DTPZNY|1.0|Actually, this DVD would NOT play in our system. No, we don't have Blu-Ray, and there's no reason it should NOT play. The icon on the back of the DVD matches our combo TV-DVD player. Other DVDs play just fine, but not this one. It was a Christmas gift for my husband,so I am quite irritated about this. I gave the DVD to a friend to try out on their system, but they haven't gotten back to me with their success or failure.
B001DHXT20|4.0|Shipping was really fast and the item packaging was in excellent condition! My son loves this movie!
B0018CWEYY|5.0|Lost is a complex show that has spawned dozens of podcasts and will have a following for the next 30 years easily. It is one of those landmark shows that comes around once a generation and inspires people to achieve new heights in storytelling.     Yes there is a small fraction of the viewing audience that stopped watching the show back at the beginning of season two that for some reason hold a grudge. The show is really only for those that like mysteries, and pulling answers from shreds of clues. They say the show hasn't given us answers, but they have. They can't give all the answers or you'd have another show like Heroes that basically gives away the answers in the first season. That's why Heroes is dying, because there is no more mystique. Lost has kept it going and just gets better and better.     Season 4 was the season that fans have been waiting for and it was largely born out of the fact that an end date has been set for the show. The next 2 seasons promise to be hugely compelling and the doubters will be left out in the cold.     So many people are passionate about this show and there is a reason, but you cannot view this show passively. You have to do the work and read books that appear on the show, talk to other fans and rewatch for the little hints of what is to come.     If you prefer force fed entertainment the likes of reality TV or the WB then this show is not for you. But if you don't mind watching closely and with an open mind....this show will suck you in.
0060723513|1.0|My book group read this book. Half really liked it and half really hated it.  The author, since writing this book, has found herself in a great deal of controversy regarding her creditability.  One person in my group said she felt that this book \\"changed her\\".  I felt that the whole book was highly implausible.  It is a good book for a book group in that it generated a lot of discussion.
B000AP04OM|5.0|I'm not going to bother giving a synopsis as everyone out there knows what this film is about and for those of you who don't it's plastered all over this site.  I will tell you about the dvd.  As a self proclaimed SOM addict I would highly recommend this version.  It has loads of extras not included on the other dvd releases.  Including a new commentary track (which is a cut and paste of comments (some you have heard already through out the extras on the disc) and a documentary on the von Trapps as well as a sit down with the cast plus loads more extras.    As for the actual film the sound is excellent, the picture looks vibrant and clean.  And hooray for widescreen I've been so spoiled by it.  You simply can not watch this film in fullscreen!   You are missing too much!      If you are a hardcore fan of this film I recommend purchasing this version and [[ASIN:B00003CXCS The Sound of Music (Five Star Collection)]] or [[ASIN:B00009V7OI The Sound of Music (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]] (both releases (35th anniversary) are the same just a different package) have tons of extras not included in the 40th anniversary that fans will just eat up!
B0015AARJI|4.0|I luv the new rumble but got so used to the light weight controller. I'm glad I waited for the item to come down in price. All in All its a great addition to the ps3.
B001DTPZNY|5.0|Shipping was fast and the item was recieved in excellent condition! My boys love this movie!
B001ED7C58|5.0|I didn't know that the CD was so great.  I even give it to my niece by Christmas.  She is a great fan for the motion picture and know the soundtrack.  It amazing.  Buy it, you would not regret it.
B001DXS4E2|5.0|A Holiday classic--love the new color version!  Great price for CD and 2 DVD's
B000003TSP|5.0|When I purchased \\"[[ASIN:B000001FI7 Dummy]]\\" as a trip/hop recommendation, I knew I had to have all of the band's albums.  When I purchased \\"Portishead\\" I knew I was in musical heaven.<br /><br />Overshadowed by it's predecessor, many consider it it's lesser equal.  But I disagree.  Darker, much more infused with a cinematic B-Horror Sci-fi landscape.  Throw in a bit of the 60's, 70's, crunchy trip/hop and Beth Gibbon's angsty voice/lyrics.  Make me ache for something close to this which I have yet to come across.
B0010V4TZU|4.0|This cd is a happy cd. I loved the band so much I purchased it for a couple of friends to spread the word of the band. Later on saw them featured on MTV...WAY TO GO!! I hope everyone enjoys this cd as much as I did.
B000KKPN5C|4.0|Bought this for my son for Christmas (for his D40). He appears to be very happy with its quality and compact size. Thinking of getting another one for my D80!
B000BB1MIC|4.0|Very fast delivery. Was in very good condition. All Dvd's were there and all played. Episode Guide was there but Gimoreism's booklet was missing.
6304936362|5.0|GREAT!  I love this movie and now I can love it forever!  Thanks!
B001ECQ75A|5.0|We took our kids to see this movie in the theater - I was prepared to be bored by all the silliness, but it was fun for everyone!  I recommend it for families with kids!
1595141715|5.0|I finished reading this book in one morning.  It has been a long time since I was so into a book that I couldn't put it down.  This book explains the 13 reasons why this teenage girl committed suicide.  It could be any teen's story.  I agree with other reviews that it should be required reading in high schools.  Any parent, grandparent, teen, teacher - basically ANYONE can learn a lot about the whys of suicide by reading this book.  To realize the subtle things that can happen to a person that snowball into one major motivation for suicide is really disturbing.  To realize how fragile a person can be.  The story is told in a compelling, interesting, totally realistic way.  Definitely worth the purchase price!
0312360266|4.0|This was an excellent follow up book to the Twilight Saga.  I had just got done reading all the Twilight books and was looking for something else that was just as good.  Though I do not think this was just as good as those books, it was a nice transition.  The only thing that I did not like about the book was the over abundant sarcasm that was used.  Some is good, but this had a little too much for me.  Still a great book!
B000N6TYLW|4.0|Very fast delivery. Was in very good condition. All Dvd's were there and all played. Episode Guide was there but full Gimoreism's booklet was missing. It was just a piece of paper with the cover printed on it which was very weird
0545128285|5.0|Beautiful book, one for the collection. I gave it to my 6 year old granddaughter and she is thrilled, she and her mother look forward to reading it together at bedtime!
031606792X|5.0|I love this book!! Out of all the books in the series this one is my favorite.  I have read this book three times and it still draws me in.
B001DTPZNY|5.0|This was a gift for my daughter despite it being too graphic in some parts.  She holds up a pillow to block out the once scene but she loves Indiana Jones so we gave it for Christmas.  Harrison Ford still \\"has it\\" - acting, bravado and good looks.
1415926697|5.0|This book is a personal and inspiring experience of life where Liz Gilbert shares her search for pleasure, divinity, and balance in a truly inspirational set of tales.     I found myself pulled into her life and enjoyed every single bit of her journey though Italy, India and Indonesia. with a grand set of characters and amazing world locations, she lays out an intimate and personal account of her journey toward growth and life fulfillment.     Since listening to the CD and Gilbert's voice as a whole different media experience, One, undergoing chemo at the time, loved being transported by voice to another's struggle for a relationship with self and God (in all its forms). All of these experiences become even more touching as she narrates her own story in the audio book.     In general, this book is not only well written, and witty, most of all it is inspirational. There is many times, the book made me smile and laugh out loud. It inspires the reader to think for themselves, to draw their own conclusions and to gain wisdom and knowledge from another's experience. No Matter what religion or belief you have regarding life - a reader will find their own message through this book.
B001E5CH0G|3.0|I was a little disappointed in the quality of the picture. It is not nearly as sharp as other movies I have. This appears to be a movie they put out on Blu-Ray without doing much to it. You can get the same quality with a standard DVD and an upscaling player. Kind of a waste of money.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|I was glad to have this chance to send such a good movie to my great-grandchild who lives out of state.
B001E7OO2I|4.0|Excellent album. Not quite sure why its called evolver - themes of songs pretty much the same so perhaps referring to melodies. DVD NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!! very lame interview with JL stating the obvious about what his songs mean. no interesting footage. Just catch it on youtube instead.
B001BPJJ82|3.0|The Fall is being added to the shelf of DVDs/BluRays which look great, score great, but then turn out to be not so great...i.e. didn't try before buy...  I must admit I was taken with the trailer - The Fall looked like an amazing adventure, with beautiful backdrops and scenery. However, the story just doesn't do much to really grab us and reel us in.  More a fest of visual beauty than a great story, it's a mediocre adventure, but hats off to the talented young Romanian girl playing the 'lead'.  I couldn't finish the movie unfortunately - I had far more exciting stuff to watch.
B00009V7T2|5.0|First of all, I agree with all of the superlatives that have been used in describing how amazing this album is, so I won't repeat them here. All I have to add is that, after I finished listening to this album for about the 100th time, I tried listening to some other music in my library, only to be disappointed at how trite and dull the rest of my music seemed. This album is so saturated with sizzling, brain-melting music that you will literally feel numb after listening to it - that's the only way to describe it. And I still feel that way, even though I've owned the album for over 5 years.    One thing - if you decide to tackle this album, make sure to grab yourself a good pair of headphones before listening!
031606792X|5.0|Yes, I'm a Mom. Yes, I love Edward Cullen. Ok, I loved all the books, but Eclipse and Breaking Dawn were the best. I was so disappointed to know that the story was over. It's heartbreaking. This is another AWESOME book by Stephanie Myers that ties up the last three with perfect clarity and unexpected twists and turns throughout. There were several \\"OH MY GOD!\\" moments that had my friends and I calling each other before we could read another page. You will not regret this book, but don't pick it up until you have read the other three and make sure you have all four in hand when you start them cause you won't want to put them down. Not my usual read, but simply phenominal. I paid $17 in shipping to get this book to me as soon as possible after I finished the other three. My friends and I are anxiously awaiting the arrival of Midnight Sun (Twilight from Edward's perspective). Don't pass up your own personal obession!
B00068TJM6|4.0|good looking and accurate  --  excellent price  -- One gripe  --  the instructions are a little difficult for a 76 year old
B000MRAAJM|4.0|This review is meant to be short and sweet! Planet Earth is a great series that scans the globe in search for the most exotic locations and animals ever filmed, in full HD none the less!!!<br /><br />When I first watched this I was in HD owe! Granted most people who rated this below a 4 are the ones that are very hard on the critiquing. When the cameras pan out for a whole screen shot its hard to say that the picture is stunning, don't get me wrong its still very very good,(the only real reason why i gave it a 4 out of 5) its just the real jaw dropping moments happen when they zoom in on specific things, animals, objects etc.. than you see the magic of HD come alive and you won't be disappointed especially with the colors wow!!<br /><br />By far shallow seas is one of the better discs in the set. It explores the reefs and watching it with someone who thinks a projection TV looks good is alot of fun, (they couldn't stop saying, omg look at the colors, this is incredible!!).<br /><br />Overall I am very satisfied with this set. Although the price is somewhat hearty most stores offer it at ($99+tax) unless you can find it online for a deal which would probably be your best bet, this is still a great picture quality show off blu ray that you can enjoy for hours.<br /><br />**Don't forget that each disc has up to 3 separate areas filmed on it (look at the chapters) That got me nervous the fist time i watched disc 1 it ended at 55mins or so with great plains (kinda boring) and i couldn't find the rest of the disc contents (even though it says it on the disc itself) because when you hit play all it didn't seem to go to the next country/scenes about jungles so i thought it was over. Maybe i should retitle this part Planet Earth for dummies, anyway enjoy!! =)
0930289234|5.0|Really a fantastic story that couldn't be told any other way than graphic novel format. I can't wait to see the movie!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|History has not been kind to John Adams and what he achieved during his lifetime.  This series opened my eyes about the man and his wife.  Great series for history buffs and others who enjoy biographies that come to life.  The second time I watched it was even better.
B00005JNJV|4.0|I bought this movie for basically the same price it would have cost me to rent it, so I cannot complain. I am not going to offer you a review of the movie, there are better places to find that; I am just going to recommend that, if you like this movie or think you might like this movie at all, it is better to buy it at this price then to rent it for a buck less.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|Item was in perfect condition and still in original packaging as specified. And I received it in a timely fashion.
0307269191|4.0|Obviously a memoir by a novelist about running will be of most interest to those whose personal Venn diagrams overlap one of those two circles, but I think even to those who don't fit those categories (or who have only read HM's fiction) said book would prove worthwhile. As someone who is coming to terms with his own aging and decreased athletic potential, I found his musings and hard-won lessons about same meaningful and instructive. To wit: \\"In most cases learning something essential in life requires physical pain.\\" Along similar lines (regarding the increased effort required to keep fit): \\"I'm getting to the age where you really do get what you pay for.\\"<br /><br />But beyond incisive observations on exercise, there are even more general ones on life. I think this was one of my favorite; I thought of it as I went out to run over lunch instead of eating inside with my co-workers: \\"Emotional hurt is the price a person has to pay to be independent.\\"
1416562605|5.0|Loved loved loved this book. To deal with the obvious comparisons, I was a bit lukewarm but contemplative about The Life of Pi.<br /><br />The book's conceit is wonderful. Up front, you know that the narrator Balram has done something bad to get to his current position of relative wealth and prosperity. Balram is sharing what he knows about being an Indian entrepeneur with the Premier of China in an open letter. The whole story (where he sometimes rambles off) is a series of entries in this letter.<br /><br />We see the drastic differences between the social classes in supposedly modern India, question the difference between a kind master and a master nonetheless, and think about the value of freedom and the grand illusion of society.<br /><br />The book is tragic, but it's hard not to like Balram. It's funny, at times gross, and often tragic, but rarely actually sad. Balram knows exactly who he is and how he got there, which makes for a good story. It's the kind of book I do think I could read again and still enjoy, which is a rare thing. I highly recommend it!
B001FB55LM|4.0|This is the funniest movie of the year. The combination of Jim and Zooey is fantastic. The scene with Danny Masterson and elderly neighbor is hilarious. I can't wait for DVD to come out. It's that good.If you looking for funny and entertaining. This is it.
B0000UJDLM|4.0|The DVD's picture quality is OK, viewable. You cannot expect much if it's about 25 years old. But be careful, it will not play on Mac or Linux automatically. Installation of additional software or packages on Linux is painful and very often it does not work. It is a proprietary format that plays only on Windows PC's.
031606792X|5.0|After reading all of the reviews I thought I would break down and write my own. I came into the Twilight world by chance and like almost everyone who has read Twilight, I too fell in love and finshed the whole series in less then two weeks. I laughed, cried and like some cringed. Despite the cringing, I loved Breaking Dawn, I loved the wedding, I loved their honeymoon, and I loved that Bella and Edward were going to have a \\"little nudger!!\\" The whole pregnacy and birth was a little crazy but the whole idea of a girl falling in love with a vampire, then marrying one, then becoming one is a little crazy. I'm glad even vampires can learn that one time is all it takes!! As far as the happy ending, it took Bella three previous books to get her happy ending, the fighting, Edward leaving, more fighting I was glad they got to be together in the end. People wanted a big fight to happen, but if Alice or Carlise or someone else were to have died people would of been mad with that too. As for Jacob imprinting on the \\"little nudger\\" I have to say I was happy with that too, happy that Jacob was happy and was finally over Bella. Like I said before some of the things were a little crazy but overall I was happy and I WISH Meyer would take us back there again sometime, we all need a happy ending sometimes!!
B000XPU5NY|5.0|2007 would go down as one of the great year for bands to reunite to go for concert tours.  That particular year saw three major bands reunite on the road for tours. These bands included Van Halen (with David Lee Roth), The Police, and Genesis.  I had the privilege of seeing all three bands.  While I didn't have doubts about Van Halen or the Police, I was a little concerned how Genesis would do.   However, Genesis would not disappoint - delivering as good a live performance as I've seen from any band.   Of the three bands, only Genesis would publish a DVD and CD of the performances from the tour.  \\"Live Over Europe\\" would be the release of material from Genesis' 2007 tour.       When I look at Genesis as band, I see four distinct phases the band has gone through.   Phase 1 is the Peter Gabriel Era.  This spans from 1969 (\\"From Genesis to Revelation\\") to 1974 (\\"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\").   It was during Phase 1 that Peter Gabriel was the lead vocalist and Genesis could easily be categorized as a progressive Rock band.   Phase 2 is the Early Phil Collins Era spanning from 1976 (\\"A Trick of the Tail\\") to 1982 (\\"Three Sides Live\\").  In this era, Phil Collins took over as lead singer.   The band was still very much a progressive rock band, but as the progressive rock landscape would change - so would Genesis.  This might indirectly have led to Phase 3 which is the Late Phil Collins Era from 1983 (\\"Genesis\\") to 1993 (\\"The Way We Walk\\" - a two volume live CD from the 1992 tour).   This is the commercial/pop era that I referred to earlier.  At this point, there would be a lot less progressive rock flavor to Genesis' music.   The fourth phase, Phase 4 is the Ray Wilson Era.  This was when Ray Wilson took over as lead vocalist for Phil Collins.   There would only be one album in this era - 1997's  \\"Calling All Stations\\" and it seemed like Genesis tried to recapture some of their progressive rock roots - but 90s style.  \\"Calling All Stations\\" would do poor commercially and Ray Wilson would take the fall and be asked to leave the band.  While Genesis didn't disband, it wouldn't be until the 2007 tour where they would perform again - this time reuniting with Collins.   No material from Phase 4 would be included on this tour.    Here are ten points to look for one this collection:    1-This does not represent a single concert, but a collection of performances from Europe that made up the typical setlist on an evening on the tour.  Normally, I prefer a live CD to be a performance from a single night as this showcases the \\"magic\\" and \\"energy\\" from the evening's performance.  However, \\"Live Over Europe\\" does a great job at creating an an illusion that this is a single performance.  Most live CDs that are conglomerations of performances from a tour do not do a good job - \\"Live Over Europe\\" does.  It is also worth noting that for the most part, the typical setlist is represented on this collection.    2-Most of the material on the CD is from the second half of Genesis' career (Phases 2 and  3).  However this tour did a better job of incorporating older material than the 1992 Tour (featured on \\"The Way We Walk\\" live CD series).  The 1992 Tour only featured a medley of the older material.    3-The collection is a little weak on spoken material from Collins.  Collins is a master at interacting with the crowd.   This is not heard on the CD.    4-I would have liked to have heard at least one song from Phase 4 (Ray Wilson Era).   There was some pretty good material here and I think Collins would have adapted well to it.    5-Every concert has it's great moment.  For Genesis on this tour, it was the performance of \\"I Know What I Like\\".  When I was at the concert, everyone was singing along to this song.  It's nice to hear the magic of that song captured on the CD.    6-I like how \\"Tonight Tonight Tonight\\" is a prelude that has a segue into \\"Invisible Touch\\".  Genesis did this on their 1992 tour (and it's like that on \\"The Way We Walk Volume 1\\").If you haven't heard Genesis do \\"Invisible Touch\\" live, you are in for a real treat.  Genesis slightly rearranges some stuff and this song proves to have so much more of an edge when done live.    7-I like the fact that \\"Home By the Sea\\" is followed up by \\"Second Home By the Sea\\".  A friend of mine once told me \\"Home By the Sea\\" isn't \\"Home By the Sea\\" without \\"Second Home By the Sea\\".  My friend proved to be right.    8-Some people may say that Collins' voice isn't what it was two decades ago.   It still is very good, but it's interesting to see the rest of the band really step things up.  Perhaps the best example of this is on the song \\"Domino\\".    On \\"The Way We Walk Volume 2\\", Collins voice is really the star of \\"Domino\\".  On \\"Live Over Europe\\", the rest of the band (Rutherford, Banks, Daryl Steurmer, and Chester Thompson) really kick it up a notch.   Don't get me wrong, Collins is still great, but the band really shines.    9-At first I was a little disappointed, \\"The Carpet Crawlers\\" was the last song.  However the live version of this song from this CD would grow and grow on me.    10-The liner notes include musician and production credits.  There also is a list of the European Tour dates.  Also included is a montage of photos from the tour.  I would have liked to have had a write-up  on the 2007 reunion.    Overall, Genesis gets the job done on this tour - and this album is a great representation of the Tour.   It is a great live collection.  Highly recommended.
B00005QBUK|3.0|These headphones are great...for the length that they work.  I run everyday so I depend heavily on my ipod---& the headphones being top notch go without saying. & for the time being, these are great--mind you at $8 you cant expect much. Regardless the sound quality is awesome....but dont expect them to work past 2 months. You will surely find that only one ear piece works while the other is silent.
B000J10EQU|1.0|Theres no chemistry between Clark and Lois, theres no depth between these 2 leading characters. No wonder why Brandon has so few lines in the entire movie. He and Kate have the charm of a kitchen table.    Stay away from this boring movie, especially if youre a comic book fan.
0545128285|2.0|It would be nice if it shows suggestion of the age group for this book.
031606792X|5.0|This book seems to have been received by readers as either perfect or horrible. Everyone has a lot of opinions and a lot of crap to talk about it. Don't read this if you haven't read the book yet. I tried to keep this review fairly spoiler-free, but it still gives away a little more than I'd like.    I too wished there would have been a chapter from Edwards perspective, but apparently she might dedicate an entire book to that one. People also complained a lot about the character development, but I think that's just because we already know the vampires pretty well from the previous books! The new characters were the wolves, and they DID get developed a lot! Not to mention the hybrid baby, who was as fascinating to me as she was to the characters in the story. The whole thing was just... fascinating. The story simply took a different direction-- from teenage passion and agony to more adult decisions, responsibilities, and... consequences.     I was really happy to see that even though Meyer neatly tied up all her loose ends, that the door was still left wide open if she ever wants to write another installment. There is TONS of potential for future stories, especially regarding the relationships between the wolves, the Volturi, the Cullens, and especially the newly discovered hybrid children. The Volturi promise to come back and heckle the Cullens again later. There is the conflict between Jacob and the hybrid boy both being interested in Nessie. There is plenty!     Speaking of tying up loose ends- there was a lot of criticism about the book being too long. I must disagree. Had it been any less, it would have left us wishing for more! It was perfect, and I was more than pleasantly surprised with the way things finished.     Frankly, I'm excited, and I am hoping that Stephanie Meyer won't be too put off by all the criticism of this book! *I* at least want to hear more!     Finally, to those who were so unhappy about the loss of the wistful heartbreak of the 17 year oldand intense firey teenage lust, I urge you to remember that 17 year olds grow up, and so did Bella. Edward and Bella are both very old souls, and we should not be surprised to see Bella develop a little past the hormonal teenager stage!     I loved all 4 of the books, including this one. Yes, Stephanie Meyer loves her characters and wants them all to have a \\"perfect ending.\\" Honestly, I can't blame her for that! This book was beautiful, just like the others, but if you can't adapt to the story going a different direction than the previous ones, the expansion of the wolves storyline, and a few surprises and a happy ending, then you might not like it.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|this is exactly what my girlfriend wanted, and being that it is currently out of print, was tricky to track down.  The dvd got here fast and in perfect condition.  great seller.
B00004U8P9|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters when it first came out and became a cult movie. It's silly and funny and very entertaining. You would have had to been born in this era to appreciate the cultness of it.
0375826726|5.0|It came in perfect, and my husband was very excited to get it! It came at a great price!!!!
B001BPJJ9G|3.0|This movie is definitely on my top ten list for best movies ever. I love everything about it: the story, the storytelling, the transitions, the editing, the soundtrack (which is curiously at the time of writing, unavailable), the actors.   I would give it a 5, but the dvd is actually ridiculous. It has only the english language track, and the only additional language is French, as a subtitle track. The extras are very minimal. Only a commentary is included, with \\"filmmakers and cast\\" whoever they are, it doesn't not state. Just like the first DVD release of Titanic, this is lousily produced DVD sold at an astounding, steal-the-air-from-your-lungs price of $19.99. It's to the point where the only thing they didn't do wrong with this release is give it one of those old-timey \\"paperback\\" DVD cases.    Bottom line: For such a bad release of a good movie, save your money and wait for a better release in 5 or 6 years. Rent the movie online if you haven't seen it yet.
0618154248|4.0|Right now my 7 mo old isn't quite as INTO these books as I had hoped, but I'm not too disappointed since I know she'll grow into them and learn to love Curious George as much as I did when I was a child.  I like how there are 4 different stories to choose from and in sturdy board book form.  The box is nice with a carrying handle.  The stories are abridged, based on other Curious George full-length books, so if you're looking for the entire story, you need to skip the board books, but for babies with shorter attn spans, this is the perfect length.  I guess my baby is still at the age where she enjoys BRIGHT and BIG pictures, and less wordy.
B001KSRC98|4.0|The Notorious Byrd Brothers was very much a transitional album for the Byrds; during its making, David Crosby was summarily fired from the band in October of 1967, and after it was finished, Michael Clarke would quit as drummer, leaving only Roger McGuinn and Chris Hillman to carry on.  McGuinn and Hillman would then hire Gram Parsons and Kevin Kelley to fill the vacant positions, record and tour behind Sweetheart of the Rodeo, and then even this lineup would fall apart, leaving Roger McGuinn the sole remaining original member and having to hire a whole new set of sidemen.<br /><br />The material is very much a mixed bag here--mostly ersatz psychedelia, a pale shadow of what they'd helped create in 1966 with the Fifth Dimension album and its hit single, \\"Eight Miles High.\\"  \\"Goin' Back\\" and \\"Wasn't Born to Follow\\" are covers, both written by Carole King and Gerry Goffin, which David Crosby did not want to record; the former track is almost easy listening in its arrangements, the latter features some nice phasing and was included on the soundtrack of the film \\"Easy Rider.\\"  \\"Draft Morning\\" is an antiwar song with sound effects provided by the Firesign Theater, then best known as the heart and soul of Radio Free Oz and soon to release their own surreal debut album on Columbia (Waiting for the Electrician or Someone Like Him).  Very little of the rest sticks out in my mind as anything special, but the Byrds were trying valiantly to soldier on; the going was clearly difficult, and this album shows it.<br /><br />The bonus tracks are, again, mostly nothing special, but they do include David Crosby's controversial \\"Triad,\\" the other bone of contention with the group, as it tells of a menage-a-trois between a young hippie-ish man and the two young women who both love him and don't wish to choose who goes with him.  The band recorded it but absolutely refused to release it at the time; consequently, Crosby would offer it to Jefferson Airplane, who recorded their own steamier version of the song on their fourth studio album, Crown of Creation, with Grace Slick singing lead and turning the genders around.<br /><br />This is not the place where a Byrds beginner would want to jump in--a more appropriate album would be either Mr. Tambourine Man or Turn! Turn! Turn!--but it's good for the completist Byrds fan who wants the whole collection on CD.  Decent remastering from Sony, too.song on their fourth studio album, Crown of Creation, with Grace Slick singing lead and turning the genders around.    This is not the place where a Byrds beginner would want to jump in--a more appropriate album would be either Mr. Tambourine Man or Turn! Turn! Turn!--but it's good for the completist Byrds fan who wants the whole collection on CD.  Decent remastering from Sony, too.
1400082773|5.0|Surprisingly well written personal history...not always a page-turner, but Obama   gives real and honest insight about the very specific emotions of growing up  the way he did. As such, it really reveals the kind of man he is...and the point   view he's likely to bring to the presidency. An interesting, touching and  very instructive read.
B000GZKVL2|5.0|I got this cotage for my 4 yrs old daughter, and she plays with it all day, the roof dosent click toghether, but for playing is fine bacuse my daughter takes it off easy and put the smurfs inside and puts it back easy, I still have one from when I was little and its intact, after 20 years its like new, and I played with it also, so it is durable.
B001G1ACVY|2.0|i must admit i bought this for the single, hoping the rest would be at least as interesting...but it's too all over the place. i found it uncohesive at best, pandering to young audiences at worst...oh well...
B00127RAJY|5.0|This DVD offers a great exercise if you are in a good shape. Jillian is a tough trainer and her routine is hard. However, if you are more than 50 pounds overweight, some of the exercise might be hard on your knee. My advice is to use the modified exercise. If you can't do the 20 minutes, start easy and build up from there. It's better to start easy and  gradually improve your intensity than to push hard for the entire exercise, injured yourself and stop altogether.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Wonderful movie - so well done, and incredibly gripping. This is what I would call \\"must-see TV\\".
B001KEGRC0|5.0|I saw the IMAX movie in Seattle last summer, and since then I have been telling everybody about it!  I just pre-ordered 2 copies of the dvd, one for me and another for a fellow river rat friend of mine.  The message is poignant.  But it's the feeling of \\"being there\\" that carries the day.  If you can not go raft the Colorado, this is a close second best.  The visuals of dropping water levels speaks volumes about the need for water conservation.  It is informative without being preachy. A rare equilibrium!  5 stars are very well earned!
B0013FXWU6|5.0|this has been one of the best movies i've seen in a long time. the acting is fantastic and the story line drags you right in, gorgeous score as well. i'm reading a lot of negative comments about the packaging but i don't think that ought to win this fantastic film only one star. actually, i think its rather creative. i could understand the issue with scratching but i haven't experienced it myself.
B000006SGT|4.0|Put together in 1990 by EMI of Australia,this double record deserves to be forever available by way of the classic R&B that Animals created,in fierce competition with the Rolling Stones,the Who,and others.Matter of the business was that their repertoire often contained the same songs,in particular from Chuck Berry and Bo Diddley.What distinguished the Animals from their other two big rivals,however,was their ability - and talent - to cover songs penned by bluesman John Lee Hooker.Last but not least,the full title of this record is:The Complete Mickie Most Productions For EMI Containing Previously Unreleased Material.Way to go,Australia!
B0009RCPY8|5.0|We love it. I don't know how many times we have watched it since we have got it.(Alot).
0312360266|5.0|I was so disappointed when I finished the Twilight series...I wanted MORE! LOL!  Amazon suggested this book when I purchased Eclipse and Breaking Dawn, so I ordered it.  These are very cute books...good for tweens...maybe a little more appropriate that Twilight...not as intense.  PC and Kristen Cast are wonderful authors and I have odered the rest of the series...
B000AP04KQ|5.0|This movie has always been one of my favorites to laugh at. It is fun to watch with just about any one.
B00003CXB4|5.0|This is a great DVD. My three year old son was first scared by the fire in the movie but then loved it.
0066620996|4.0|Book came on time and very clean. Few writings here and there which was already mentioned. Book is in excellent condition. Thank you.
B001FSDOZO|5.0|I'm a big Nickelback fan and this is easily their best album yet!  There is not one song on it that I don't just love.  It is a rock-n-rock trip that everyone should hear.
0060531053|5.0|I have been home brewing for almost a year now and I still go to this book more than any other book I have on the subject. From the Hop charts to grain/malt descriptions, bottling and kegging... this book has it all. As a beginner, I found this book to be the #1 resource, and now that I have evolved into all-grain beers, I find myself using this book more and more. Of all the home brew book I have purchased, this remains my #1 pick!    It's an easy read and the mantra of the book \\"Relax and have a home brew\\" could not be more true. When you start to freak out about an ingredient you are late to add, or if your temperature goes a little off for a bit, \\"Relax and have a home brew!\\" I have made some major mistakes on a few batches so far, and yet every beer has turned out great.    One thing I have learned is that home brew is a very easy process, and if you have the help of a friend, it's a VERY enjoyable hobby.
B000VLOKQI|5.0|I've been a Who fan for over 30 years, when I first saw \\"The Kids Are Alright.\\" This DVD goes beyond that movie and provides some classic concert footage, classic interviews as well as recent interviews with Pete and Roger, and many of the other managers and people involved in the behind the scenes part of The Who. This is definatley a \\"must have\\" for any true Who fan.  Long Live Rock!!
B000HC2LI0|5.0|Fast, efficient service.  Merchandise in great condition.  Was a Christmas gift and a made a hit!
B001KO3FFW|2.0|If you like the rock bands of the 80's and 90's (when instead of rocking they did ballads) you'll like this. I didn't hear anything that hasn't been done before.  I am a Cook fan from American Idol, but this album is weak.  No self-respecting, rock-loving man I know would blast any of these songs in public.
0312330855|5.0|Having recently acquired a small farm, I thoroughly enjoyed reading Herriot's tales.  And I have actually gained a great knowledge of animal care through his stories.  A must read!
1433502410|5.0|Bought this Bible for my niece knowing she was wanting to buy one herself. She was so thrilled, thank you so much.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I had played this game before I bought it with friends. When they described it to me it sounded completely boring. It's one of those games that can't really be explained (like Apples to Apples ... a game with nouns and adjectives) but it a lot more fun to play. I recommend it from Amazon because you're probably not going to find it for less anywhere else.
B001GZ6QDS|2.0|After buying this product, I could not shake off the feeling that times are tough for Warner Brothers. Why else would they release a rushed 2-Disc edition with barely any special features?    So then, what do you get for your money? Well, you get a brilliant film (probably the best in 2008). But you get barely anything else. So, if like me you are a fan who has already seen the film and is looking to get this DVD edition in order to satisfy your interest in how this film was written, cast, shot, you will be SORELY disappointed. Even ripped off. They did not even bother to include an audio commentary. Do not expect a complete and lovingly created collection of special features you may find on any DVD from, say, Pixar.    All that you do have here are some clips that focus on the difficulties of shooting action scenes using IMAX-cameras (misleadingly named as \\"Gotham Unmasked\\") and the useful but short episodes of Gotham Tonight. It's as if Christopher Nolan and the studio were dogged in their determination to deprive the DVD of anything that could shed the light on the following:   - how the script was written   - the story of the Joker   - how movie-versions of the Joker and Two-Face differ from the comics   - how characters were cast   - costume design  - how locations were scouted   - how the decision to make Dark Knight in the first place has come about   - how stunts and martial arts-scenes were created   - how Ledger's death affected the editing process     Save yourself some money and go for the single disc edition rather than this sarcastically named \\"Limited 2-Disc Edition\\". The simple fact that you can find out more about \\"The Dark Knight\\" by reading the corresponding Wikipedia page (or even Christian Bale's interview in GQ) than from this poor product should prevent you from repeating my mistake. If I could travel back in time, I wouldn't waste my time and money and I'd go for the single disc. Let's just hope that Nolan and the studio redeem themselves inthe eyes of disappointed (and frankly, RIPPED OFF) fans and consumers by releasing an \\"Even More Limited\\" edition or Director's Cut somewhere down the line.
B000WGWQG8|1.0|seemybooks2  NEVER SENT THIS ITEM.  I sent them a note as Amazon suggested but never got a response.  I have read reviews of others who experienced the same disappointment.  I am wondering how I can get my money back because this company must have gone out of business.  This has been very disappointing as this was my one present for my husband.  Thank you.  Lelly Smith
B001EO2UJK|5.0|when I bought first releases of Genesis \\"Trespass\\" and \\"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\" CD set I was full of expectations about increase of sound quality. Trespass was a low cost production and through vinyl version sounds come out confused, low equalized, unclear. Trespass is really a great album with its acoustic feeling and misterious atmospheres. but original analog sounds recording and mixing was really bad. With first CD version all my expectations was unattended. The same was with The Lamb\\". the results was worse than original: a complete disaster. This box is the answer for me. Trespass is reborn and all other of four albums are a unique listen experience. great mix job. new arrangements, new equalization and, last but not least, great look (both CD and DVD are painted with original \\"Charisma label\\"). Even if you listen through a stereo set the result is astounding. In the DVD you can find Dolby Digital version of albums and some original video clips (there's a great good quality complete Supper's Ready suite video clip). If you love \\"Gabriel Genesis\\" jobs like me this set is for you. Sorry for bad english/american (I'm from Italy). Ciao.
031606792X|4.0|I came late to the Twilight phenomenon.  I became curious about all the hype and decided to find out myself why there was so much talk.  I decided to watch the movie before reading the book.  I fell in love with the story and decided right there to read the whole series.  The first three books were amazing.  I could not put any of the books down.  I had to force myself to stop reading because I had to work the next day.    When I got to \\"Breaking Dawn\\" I couldn't contain my excitement.  And then it happened...I started to realize there was something weird about this book.  Like it was somehow different from the other three.  And then I realized that it was the tone of the book.  Now, I'm not sure exactly when this book was written with regards to the other three in the series and her other book (The Host), but there was a definite change in the tone, writing and general sense of the characters.  Almost as if Stephenie had to put herself back into the Twilight universe, but couldn't remember exactly where she had left off in the first place.    To say I was disappointed would be an understatment.  Like the other reviews, I was extremely disappointed with the direction of the story.  So much so, I finally was able to put down the book without any reluctance.  I stopped reading after the \\"first\\" book and could not motivate myself to read any more.  It was only after two or three days that the book kept pulling at me to continue and finish this fantastical ride I had started a little over a week before.  So I sucked up the disappointment and continued to read, not expecting anything more than closure to a series I had come to love.    Knowing at this point that \\"New Moon\\" and possibly \\"Eclipse\\" were going to become movies as well, I started to imagine what this book would be like on the Big Screen.  It was impossible to imagine.  There seemed to be too many inconsistencies and impossibilites that probably would not translate well onto the Big Screen.  That saddened me even more, only because I would have loved to see Bella and Edward's wedding and honeymoon and even Renesmee.  That was another thing that sort of bothered me.  It didn't seem like Edward really bonded with Renesmee.  There weren't very many interactions with Renesmee that seem to convey any depth of feeling for his child.  Maybe it was me.  But it is what it is.      So I finished the book and was done with the series.  Or so I thought.  Even after the disappointment and the closure I sought, I was still drawn to the book, as if I hadn't read it.  For days afterwards I had this urge to re-read it.  I finally gave in after re-reading \\"Twilight\\".  I did skip a few parts (such as the Voltari confrontation).  And I found that after re-reading that I did enjoy the book.  I did still feel like the tone was off and all the characters I had come to love were a shadow of their former selves, but the conclusion of the book actually had me wanting more.     So, I would advise any new readers to go into reading the story with no high expectations.  You will get a conclusion to Bella and Edward's story.  I personally can't wait to read \\"Midnight Sun\\".  I read the manuscript and Chapter 1 on Stephenie's website and I am eagerly anticipating that book.    Read the book without expectation and just try to enjoy the story Stephenie was trying to tell.  Nothing will ever live up to the expectations she put forth with the first three books.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Fabulous mini-series. Everything is about the production is top-notch. Every award it has received is richly deserved. I purchased it for my brother-in-law who is a history buff and he has raved about it. This is a Must-See work.
B0015AARJI|5.0|I cannot say this product was fun to play because I gave it as a gift, but it arrived in a timely manner - thanks!
B00003CX96|5.0|An odd assortment of high school friends take a year off, wasting their time together, before the call of peer pressure fades as careers and girlfriends beckon. Steve Tesich won a well-deserved Oscar for best original screenplay in 1979 and the story is still as fresh as it was then, although these days, instead of going to college, Dave Stollar would be riding his bike professionally in Europe and making millions for doing it.     It's a coming of age film, with the four friends exploring the nature of friendship, peer pressure, the demands of society and the antagonism between the town kids and the college kids who come in from outside for their few years at college.      If you are into cycling, there is a story about winning (and a slightly twee ending to the film), accompanied by some beautiful music as the companion to the cycle racing.     I am a teacher and I use this film as the catalyst for some healthy discussion about the nature of friendship, peer pressure, ambition and family life. Top entertainment and a bagful of discussion points, along with a witty script and lots of humor.
B001DTPZNY|1.0|This was one of the worst movies I have seen in a very long while.  I can't believe they made a movie with such a poor script and ending.<br /><br />If this is the best Ford and Spielberg can do, its time they both hang up their hats!
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|I got this film for Christmas and I was so excited, not just because I love the movie, but because of the awesome special features I was looking forward to watching.  The film itself is, hands down, one of the most brilliant films I have ever seen. Nolan is truly a master director and Heath Ledger should get the oscar for best supporting, and that's not even mentioning all the other great actors that put on stellar performances in this film. That being said, the special features disc is a whole other story. I was expecting a disc that contained stuff on it that was similar to the content of the Batman Begins special features disc. THAT disc had interviews, behind the scenes/making of segments, etc. It was wonderful to watch. The Dark Knight special features disc has none of these things, which was a huge disappointment. So, if you are someone who is looking for a really great special features disc, which this \\"Two-Disc Special Edition\\" leads you to believe it is...don't waste your time. They're probably going to release another edition of it down the road that contains all the good stuff, which is total crap, because people will buy THIS edition expection really great special features. Too bad, they made a great film, but really blew it on the extras.
031606792X|5.0|Fans of the Twilight Series will love this final installment of the addictive saga.  Breaking Dawn differs from the first three books in that it is split into three sections, introducing Jacob as a narrator for the middle section and consequently creating a refreshing change of pace.  Bella familiarly narrates the opening section, and of course, provides the voice for the remainder of the saga.      Although wonderfully well-written, many readers will find Breaking Dawn to be a bittersweet read.  While bringing the Twilight progression full-circle, it is also the inevitable end of a series that readers cannot help but immerse themselves in wholeheartedly.  The words \\"The End\\" printed on the last page are ridiculously disappointing, despite being preceded by a traditional \\"happily ever after\\" style finish.  So while this book is highly recommended, keep in mind that most will feel an overwhelming emptiness upon completion that can only be satisfied with more, more, and more of Bella & Edward's story.    An afterthought: Stephenie Meyer, if vampires live forever, surely you can create more stories about their lives!  You've got all eternity to choose from!  Please?!
B0001YRVN4|5.0|I bought this for a gift for a huge Star Wars fan.  He absolutely loved the quality of the picture from the DVDs. Since he raved about how great the quality was,  I'm passing that information along.  The bonus disc was great, too.
B00005LC4B|5.0|This was a gift for my brother he requested it.  I have never seen it...
B0018CWEYY|5.0|Although this was a shorter season, (and only took my husband and I one weekend to watch all of it) it was the best x-mas gift I could have gave him!
B001GZPUTY|5.0|I can't imagine anybody else portraying Tony Stark better than Robert Downey Jr. I walked out of the theater at the end of the movie glad that the movie turned out so much better than expected...<br /><br />Full synopsis below:<br /><br />The movie begins with Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) visiting soldiers on duty in the Middle East. He is joking with some members of a convoy who seem to be genuinely amused by his persona. Suddenly, the convoy is attacked. The soldiers fight to defend themselves but are quickly killed. Stark flees when a bomb (bearing the logo of his company, \\"Stark Industries\\") explodes, severely wounding Tony's chest. Tony is captured and recorded by a group of terrorists.<br /><br />A flashback sequence reveals Tony's history as a child prodigy before taking over his father's technology company at age 21. Colonel James Rhodes (Terrence Howard) attends a ceremony to present Tony Stark with an award for his work, but Stark is not in attendance. Tony's right-hand man (and his father's former partner) Obadiah Stane (Jeff Bridges) accepts the award in Tony's honor. Rhody later finds Tony partying in a casino. On his way out, a reporter named Christine (Leslie Bibb) approaches Stark with some questions regarding the ethics of his weapons business. Stark deflects her questions with some swift quips and the two end up spending the night together.<br /><br />Next morning, Christine is awakened by a voice on a computer monitor. It's JARVIS, the artificial intelligence program responsible for running Tony's house. Christine is greeted by Tony's assistant, \\"Pepper\\" Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow) as she leaves the house. Pepper helps Tony catch up on some business before Tony heads out to the airport where his plane is kept.<br /><br />In flight, Tony talks with Rhody. Rhody is unhappy about Tony's lax attitude, and Tony tries to get his old friend to relax. Before long they are drunk and leering at the stewardesses.<br /><br />Tony arrives at a military outpost in the Middle East to demonstrate his company's latest project - the Jericho, a super-missile system. After the demonstration, Tony gets a phone call from Obadiah and they are both pleased that the demonstration went well. Tony goes off with the convoy that is soon attacked by terrorists.<br /><br />Much later, Tony regains consciousness in a cave. His chest is hooked up to a strange device. Another captive, named Yinsen (Shaun Tomb), explains that he operated on Stark but was unable to remove all the shrapnel fragments from the bomb blast. Yinsen created a device - essentially a battery-powered magnet - that will keep the remaining fragments out of Tony's heart.<br /><br />The terrorists who captured Tony & Yinsen enter the room. Yinsen translates; they want Tony to build them a Jericho missile. Tony refuses, so they begin to torture Stark.<br /><br />Hours later, the terrorists show off a huge stockpile of weapons-all made by Stark Industries. Tony appears to relent and start building the missile, but has other plans. With Yinsen's help, Tony constructs a tiny version of an arc reactor, streamlined from a much bigger design used at his company's headquarters. The power output is enough to run Stark's heart for fifty lifetimes... or something much bigger for about 15 minutes.<br /><br />Tony designs a way out for them - a powered weapon suit that he will wear and use to defeat the terrorists. Midway through construction, the head of the terrorist group (The Ten Rings), a man named Raza (Faran Tahir) arrives and attempts to torture Yinsen, angry because he thinks Stark is not working on the Jericho as they wanted. Raza gives them one more day to finish.<br /><br />Working overnight, Yinsen straps Tony into the completed armored suit, telling him the way out of the cave. They set off a bomb inside the cell as a distraction for the guards as Tony powers up his suit. Yinsen realizes that they will not have enough time. He grabs a gun and runs off to distract the surviving guards.<br /><br />Tony, fully powered, muscles his way through the cave. The guards try to stop but his suit easily deflects their weapon fire. Half-way out, Stark finds Yinsen, mortally wounded. Yinsen reveals that this was his plan, sacrificing himself so Tony could escape, as Yinsen's family is already dead and he will now see them again. Tony tearfully thanks Yinsen for saving him. Yinsen's last words to Stark are not to waste his second chance.<br /><br />Tony turns his suit on the terrorists, igniting flame-throwers. He destroys their stockpile of weapons and uses a rudimentary jet-pack to blast away from the captive zone. Not long after firing, his jet-pack explodes and he crashes in the desert, but survives.<br /><br />Stark hikes through the desert until a couple of US helicopters fly overhead. A group of soldiers, led by Rhody, come across Tony. Rhody is overjoyed to find that his friend is alive.<br /><br />Tony returns to the United States after three months in captivity. Pepper wants Tony to receive medical treatment, but Tony states that there are only two things he wants: an American cheeseburger and a company press conference. Shortly after, Tony appears before a group of reporters and announces that he intends to shut down Stark Industries' weapons manufacturing division immediately. At the same time, Pepper is approached by Agent Phil Coulson (Clark Gregg) of the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement & Logistic Division agency. They want to talk to Tony Stark about his capture. Pepper schedules an appointment for them.<br /><br />That evening, Obadiah confronts Tony about his actions, furious. Obadiah knows that the stock value for their company (and, by extension, their financial status) is going to take a serious drop because of this announcement. Tony wants Stark Industries to move forward with arc reactor technology, but Obadiah thinks that the arc reactor is nothing but a publicity stunt. Through the conversation, Tony ends up revealing his prosthetic power-heart to Obadiah. Stane convinces Tony to lay low for a while so the company can sort things out.<br /><br />Pepper watches a news report on the declining value of Stark Industries when Tony asks for her help. He's created an upgraded mini arc reactor, but can't install it into his chest without someone to help. Pepper accidentally yanks out the cords for the old reactor too soon, putting Tony on the verge of cardiac arrest. They manage to complete the process in time. Tony tells Pepper to get rid of the old model since he's not a sentimental person.<br /><br />Tony comes to visit Rhodes and asks for help with a new private project. Rhody does not agree with Tony's approach; he thinks Stark is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder because of his capture and needs time to recover.<br /><br />Tony turns to his other best friend - JARVIS, the A.I. program - for help. Tony's plan is revealed to be an upgrade to his armored suit (referred to as \\"Mark 2,\\" with the suit from the terrorist cave being Mark 1).<br /><br />Meanwhile, the terrorists who held Tony captive are searching the desert, gathering all fragments of the original armored suit.<br /><br />Tony decides that the first thing he has to do is to perfect the armor's flight system. Since the leg-mounted jets prove too unstable, he creates arm-mounted stabilizers to balance out the system. Pepper comes in when he is testing the stabilizers and they find that it also creates a powerful repulsion beam that could also be used as a weapon. Pepper leaves a box on Tony's desk.<br /><br />Obadiah visits Tony and reveals that the board of directors have filed an injunction to gain control of Stark Industries. Tony isn't worried; he still maintains controlling interest in Stark Industries.<br /><br />Tony finally manages to perfect his flight system, and is delighted at the prospect of flying.<br /><br />A new armored suit is soon finished, looking like a heavily-streamlined version of Tony's Mark 1 armor. Tony connects with Jarvis to monitor the progress in the suit. Tony decides to take it out for a test flight, and he is thrilled by everything the suit can do. Tony decides to push the limit for higher-atmosphere flying, but at such great heights the suit becomes coated with ice and his power supply shuts down. Tony is barely able to reactivate his thrusters in time to avoid crashing into the ground. Stark returns home, but the armor is so heavy that it crashes through three floors of the house.<br /><br />As Tony recovers from his crash landing, he opens the box that Pepper left behind earlier. It's his original mini arc reactor, encased as a trophy with the message, \\"Proof That Tony Stark Has A Heart.\\"<br /><br />Tony analyzes more data and decides to rebuild the suit using gold titanium from an old project to solve the icing problem. Tony also instructs Jarvis to add some \\"hot-rod red\\" paint to the next suit, codenamed Mark 3. Tony then leaves to attend his annual benefit dinner while the new suit is being assembled and painted.<br /><br />At the charity event, Tony meets with Agent Coulson, who still wants to learn about Tony's incident. Tony then leaves to dance with Pepper and they share a moment together in the moonlight.<br /><br />Tony is then confronted by Christine, the reporter from an earlier scene. She shows him photographs of his weapons being used by a terrorist group the previous day in the Middle East. Tony confronts Obadiah on the matter, and Obadiah reveals that he is the one who filed the injunction against Tony. Obadiah calls himself an \\"Iron Monger,\\" and has no qualms about selling Stark Industries weapons to both sides of the conflict. Tony returns home, furious.<br /><br />While he is at home, listening to news reports of the worsening situation in the Middle East, he tests modifications to his hand jets, turning them into a weapon. When the new suit is completed, Stark steps in and essentially transforms into Iron Man for the first time, determined to right his company's wrongs.<br /><br />In a Middle East village, terrorists are rounding up civilians for capture & execution when they are confronted by a mysterious figure in red and gold. Iron Man has arrived. Within seconds, he defeats the first group of terrorists, using his advanced weapons to take out several without any innocent casualties. He leaves the group's leader alive and defenseless for the villagers to take their revenge on.<br /><br />While flying to find his weapons, Iron Man is shot down by a tank shell. Getting up, a second shell barely misses him. He responds by shooting a mini-missile at the tank, destroying it. He succeeds in destroying his missiles and taking out most of the terrorists.<br /><br />During the fight, CENTCOM detects the unknown agent. Col. Rhodes is asked about the status of any new developments. He contacts Tony, who claims that he knows nothing about what is happening. In the meantime, Iron Man is confronted by two F-22's. He tries to outrun the jets but they are too much for him. Tony calls Rhodes and reveals that he is responsible for the \\"unidentified craft.\\" Rhody is furious about Tony sending in unauthorized equipment, and horrified when Tony explains that the \\"equipment\\" is actually himself! Iron Man is hit by one fighter jet, sending him flying into the wing of the second jet. The pilot is forced to eject, but the parachute fails to open. Iron Man, still under fire, manages to fly in and successfully deploy the parachute in time to save the pilot's life. Tony convinces Rhody to pass off what happened with the jets as a \\"training exercise.\\"<br /><br />As Tony arrives back at home, Pepper catches him removing the battle-damaged Iron Man armor.<br /><br />Meanwhile, the Ten Rings terrorist group is visited by none other than Obadiah. It is revealed that Stane paid the Ten Rings members to kill Stark, but they realized who Stark was and demanded a much higher price. Obadiah takes the remnantsof the Mark 1 armor they have gathered.<br /><br />Tony tries to talk Pepper into helping him, believing that nothing else matters but stopping the people who he put in harm's way. Pepper is moved by Tony's dedication, and agrees. She goes into Obadiah's office with a tiny piece of equipment designed to copy files from the computer. As Pepper sifts through stored files, she finds a video from the terrorists proving that Obadiah was responsible for Tony's capture.<br /><br />Obadiah comes into the office just as she is leaving, but Pepper manages to get away. However, as soon as he powers up the computer, Obadiah realizes what she was up to. On the way out, Pepper is joined by Agent Coulson and he agrees to help stop Obadiah with his fellow agents.<br /><br />Obadiah meets with his team of developers working on his own armored suit. They have rebuilt the components, but they cannot re-create Stark's arc reactor. Stane is furious; then realizes that he has one other option.<br /><br />Stane arrives at Tony's house and paralyzes him with a sonic weapon. Obadiah yanks out the power source from Tony's heart, taunting him all the while. After he leaves, Tony realizes that he has only one hope for survival - the preserved arc reactor that Pepper gave him in a display case. He gets the power source installed just as Rhody arrives.<br /><br />Pepper, Coulson and several other agents arrive at Obadiah's research facility. They spot the Mark 1 Armor and a storage location where something else was kept. Just then, a gigantic robotic suit comes to life and attacks them - it's Obadiah's counterpart suit, code-named the Iron Monger.<br /><br />Rhody watches Tony suit up, awestruck at the Iron Man costume. As Tony flies away, Rhody spots a new, silver-colored prototype suit... then shakes his head and mumbles \\"Next time.\\"<br /><br />Iron Man arrives and begins to fight Iron Monger. Jarvis warns Tony that he has only about half power in the suit; the older power source wasn't designed to work alongside the newer suit. The two ironclad warriors have a huge battle. Tony grabs the Iron Monger and climbs higher. Iron Monger struggles but before long begins to freeze up - his suit still has the same icing problem that Tony's other suit had. Iron Monger manages to escape from this, and Iron Man is now almost completely powerless.<br /><br />Tony instructs Pepper to overload the building's arc reactor, which will generate a shockwave strong enough to knock out the Iron Monger's suit. Pepper is hesitant, believing that Tony could also be killed. Tony manages to keep fighting while she builds up power to the reactor. The reactor releases its shockwave, knocking out the Iron Monger, which falls into the reactor, killing Stane and destroying the reactor. Stark's original mini arc reactor sparks back to life, allowing Tony to survive.<br /><br />Days later, Rhody holds a press conference about the incident with the two robots. Tony is impressed with the newspapers coming up with the name \\"Iron Man,\\" and plans to adopt it. Agent Coulson has released cover stories about Obadiah and the \\"truth\\" about Iron Man (who will be referred to as Stark's bodyguard). Pepper thanks Coulson but cannot remember the full name of the group he belongs to. Coulson just tells them to call it S.H.I.E.L.D. and states that they will be in touch again.<br /><br />Tony goes before the reporters once more, and prepares to comply with the cover story. But, before he can even start, Tony Stark throws away his notes and declares \\"I am Iron Man.\\" The press goes into a frenzy.<br /><br />Much later (after the credits), Tony returns home to find a mysterious man in black telling him that as Iron Man, Tony has become part of a larger universe. Tony asks who the man is. He turns around and introduces himself- Nick Fury, Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. (Samuel L. Jackson). He's come to talk with Tony Stark about an upcoming project- known only as \\"The Avenger Initiative.\\"to push the limit for higher-atmosphere flying, but at such great heights the suit becomes coated with ice and his power supply shuts down. Tony is barely able to reactivate his thrusters in time to avoid crashing into the ground. Stark returns home, but the armor is so heavy that it crashes through three floors of the house.    As Tony recovers from his crash landing, he opens the box that Pepper left behind earlier. It's his original mini arc reactor, encased as a trophy with the message, \\"Proof That Tony Stark Has A Heart.\\"    Tony analyzes more data and decides to rebuild the suit using gold titanium from an old project to solve the icing problem. Tony also instructs Jarvis to add some \\"hot-rod red\\" paint to the next suit, codenamed Mark 3. Tony then leaves to attend his annual benefit dinner while the new suit is being assembled and painted.    At the charity event, Tony meets with Agent Coulson, who still wants to learn about Tony's incident. Tony then leaves to dance with Pepper and they share a moment together in the moonlight.    Tony is then confronted by Christine, the reporter from an earlier scene. She shows him photographs of his weapons being used by a terrorist group the previous day in the Middle East. Tony confronts Obadiah on the matter, and Obadiah reveals that he is the one who filed the injunction against Tony. Obadiah calls himself an \\"Iron Monger,\\" and has no qualms about selling Stark Industries weapons to both sides of the conflict. Tony returns home, furious.    While he is at home, listening to news reports of the worsening situation in the Middle East, he tests modifications to his hand jets, turning them into a weapon. When the new suit is completed, Stark steps in and essentially transforms into Iron Man for the first time, determined to right his company's wrongs.    In a Middle East village, terrorists are rounding up civilians for capture & execution when they are confronted by a mysterious figure in red and gold. Iron Man has arrived. Within seconds, he defeats the first group of terrorists, using his advanced weapons to take out several without any innocent casualties. He leaves the group's leader alive and defenseless for the villagers to take their revenge on.    While flying to find his weapons, Iron Man is shot down by a tank shell. Getting up, a second shell barely misses him. He responds by shooting a mini-missile at the tank, destroying it. He succeeds in destroying his missiles and taking out most of the terrorists.    During the fight, CENTCOM detects the unknown agent. Col. Rhodes is asked about the status of any new developments. He contacts Tony, who claims that he knows nothing about what is happening. In the meantime, Iron Man is confronted by two F-22's. He tries to outrun the jets but they are too much for him. Tony calls Rhodes and reveals that he is responsible for the \\"unidentified craft.\\" Rhody is furious about Tony sending in unauthorized equipment, and horrified when Tony explains that the \\"equipment\\" is actually himself! Iron Man is hit by one fighter jet, sending him flying into the wing of the second jet. The pilot is forced to eject, but the parachute fails to open. Iron Man, still under fire, manages to fly in and successfully deploy the parachute in time to save the pilot's life. Tony convinces Rhody to pass off what happened with the jets as a \\"training exercise.\\"    As Tony arrives back at home, Pepper catches him removing the battle-damaged Iron Man armor.    Meanwhile, the Ten Rings terrorist group is visited by none other than Obadiah. It is revealed that Stane paid the Ten Rings members to kill Stark, but they realized who Stark was and demanded a much higher price. Obadiah takes the remnants of the Mark 1 armor they have gathered.    Tony tries to talk Pepper into helping him, believing that nothing else matters but stopping the people who he put in harm's way. Pepper is moved by Tony's dedication, and agrees. She goes into Obadiah's office with a tiny piece of equipment designed to copy files from the computer. As Pepper sifts through stored files, she finds a video from the terrorists proving that Obadiah was responsible for Tony's capture.    Obadiah comes into the office just as she is leaving, but Pepper manages to get away. However, as soon as he powers up the computer, Obadiah realizes what she was up to. On the way out, Pepper is joined by Agent Coulson and he agrees to help stop Obadiah with his fellow agents.    Obadiah meets with his team of developers working on his own armored suit. They have rebuilt the components, but they cannot re-create Stark's arc reactor. Stane is furious; then realizes that he has one other option.    Stane arrives at Tony's house and paralyzes him with a sonic weapon. Obadiah yanks out the power source from Tony's heart, taunting him all the while. After he leaves, Tony realizes that he has only one hope for survival - the preserved arc reactor that Pepper gave him in a display case. He gets the power source installed just as Rhody arrives.    Pepper, Coulson and several other agents arrive at Obadiah's research facility. They spot the Mark 1 Armor and a storage location where something else was kept. Just then, a gigantic robotic suit comes to life and attacks them - it's Obadiah's counterpart suit, code-named the Iron Monger.    Rhody watches Tony suit up, awestruck at the Iron Man costume. As Tony flies away, Rhody spots a new, silver-colored prototype suit... then shakes his head and mumbles \\"Next time.\\"    Iron Man arrives and begins to fight Iron Monger. Jarvis warns Tony that he has only about half power in the suit; the older power source wasn't designed to work alongside the newer suit. The two ironclad warriors have a huge battle. Tony grabs the Iron Monger and climbs higher. Iron Monger struggles but before long begins to freeze up - his suit still has the same icing problem that Tony's other suit had. Iron Monger manages to escape from this, and Iron Man is now almostcompletely powerless.    Tony instructs Pepper to overload the building's arc reactor, which will generate a shockwave strong enough to knock out the Iron Monger's suit. Pepper is hesitant, believing that Tony could also be killed. Tony manages to keep fighting while she builds up power to the reactor. The reactor releases its shockwave, knocking out the Iron Monger, which falls into the reactor, killing Stane and destroying the reactor. Stark's original mini arc reactor sparks back to life, allowing Tony to survive.    Days later, Rhody holds a press conference about the incident with the two robots. Tony is impressed with the newspapers coming up with the name \\"Iron Man,\\" and plans to adopt it. Agent Coulson has released cover stories about Obadiah and the \\"truth\\" about Iron Man (who will be referred to as Stark's bodyguard). Pepper thanks Coulson but cannot remember the full name of the group he belongs to. Coulson just tells them to call it S.H.I.E.L.D. and states that they will be in touch again.    Tony goes before the reporters once more, and prepares to comply with the cover story. But, before he can even start, Tony Stark throws away his notes and declares \\"I am Iron Man.\\" The press goes into a frenzy.        Much later (after the credits), Tony returns home to find a mysterious man in black telling him that as Iron Man, Tony has become part of a larger universe. Tony asks who the man is. He turns around and introduces himself- Nick Fury, Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. (Samuel L. Jackson). He's come to talk with Tony Stark about an upcoming project- known only as \\"The Avenger Initiative.\\"
B000P12LWY|5.0|When I bought this used, I expected some scratches.  But this was like brand new, no scratches, no problems.  I will buy from these guys again! Very impressed!
031606792X|5.0|I just got into the Twilight series this Christmas.  After I starting reading the first book, I was absolutely addicted.  I couldn't get enough of it.  I ended up finishing all four books in four days.  Out of the Twilight series the first and last books are my favorite. This book ended exactly how it should have.  Yeah it gets a little slow in the middle but the ending makes up for it.  I can't believe that anyone didn't like this book.  It has a happying end so what more can you ask for.  I have already read it twice and still can't get enough of it.  This is the best book and series ever.
B00125WAXC|5.0|I really liked this movie; acting, dialogue, photography.  It all worked for me and I'm a fairly picky person.  The historical aspect was new to me. I would recommend it without reservation.
B001CC7PP8|5.0|What more can I say than what the review title says?  I've seen Psycho several times over the years on T.V., and enjoyed it very much.  Now having it in my DVD collection to watch anytime I want is a great bonus.  For those of you who love this movie very much, and want to have it on DVD, don't hesitate to add it to your collection!
B0019MLVEM|4.0|This is a terrific first effort by this three-man Celtic soul/pop band.  I discovered them through their appearance on the Sundance Channel's Abbey Road series, where they performed \\"We Cry\\" and \\"The Man Who Can't Be Moved.\\"  Loved them both instantly and tried to find the CD, which apparently is not available in the U.S. The quality of the songs drops off a bit by the end of the CD, but the first six or so are outstanding.  Great, soulful vocalist, tight drumming and solid guitar and keyboard work. A real treat and I can't wait for the second offering.
B001GZ6QBU|5.0|One of the deepest movies about the BATMAN produced to date.  It is a two fold movie where kids  would nit understand the dialog, but adults would.  A movie where the depth is totally understand a second or third viewing with captioning on to absorb all of the intent of the writer and producer.  Actors are brilliant and if Heath Ledger doesn't win an Emmy (post death) the Actors Guild is lame.  Heath went out of his comfort zone to become the Joker that he was. He character was stronger than that player by Jack Nicholson. (I do love Jack's acting). A MUST TO ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION.
B001ECQ6YW|2.0|I got this CD for my daugther who is 3 years old. She loved the movie but after playing a few times the CD got about 2-3 minor scratches. Then the movie would not play so well. I have other CD's for her and since she's young she likes to take her CD's out herself from the player and ets most of them scratched. Some of her CD's still play so well but this one after just 2-3 minor scratches started giving me problems.    The movie is very good though. The CD quality is what i think could have been better like a CD with scratch resistant surface or something....
B001ECQ75A|5.0|This movie is wonderful--the storyline, the message regarding inner strength and belief in oneself, and action. My two young boys have watched this many times.
B00004XQ8E|4.0|Beautiful, but I feel that the Klemperer/Ludwig/Wunderlich rendition is more vigorous and performed with greater feeling.
B00005BL2A|5.0|4.5 stars.<br />I write this review only to try and do you the service of attempting to counter-balance the negative reviews.  If anyone tells you that this is a poor album I tell you then to put their word to the test and listen to it and make a decision for yourself.  That's what I had to do and I personally love nearly every song on here.  Exciter is definitely not to be underestimated.  If I had to choose three favorite Depeche Mode albums to be completely honest this under rated one just might make the cut along with Violater and Playing the Angel.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Memento is a must see.  It has a great twist that I can watch over and over.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|Great movies, especially the first 3...the 4 th one is a little over the top, but still very enjoyable. The boxed set itself is very sweet. It contains both the theatrical releases and the special editions.
B0006ZE7G2|5.0|Video is awesome!  Glad I found the anniversary edition at such a really great price!
B001IF3LYS|1.0|I emailed Media King on two different dates to ask about delivery on the video. I did not receive a reply either time.  The third time I emailed them to cancel the order and issue a refund.  Again, no response and no  refund yet.  Their lack of customer service will stop me from ever ordering anything from them again.
B0013FFMOK|3.0|I Am Legend was merely OK. I think Will Smith has done much better films in the past. I think it was too predictable and too far fetched. I would give it a 3 out of 5 stars
B0008KLVG4|5.0|JAWS was one of the few movies I saw in the theater that literally had me white-knuckling the arms of my seat.  (Which meant the popcorn and pop tumbled out of my lap and onto the floor.)  What a great time I had, all those years ago in the cinema, as watching this thriller was one whale (shark?) of a gasp-fest; I remember walking out of the lobby thinking, \\"This Spielberg guy might have a future in filmmaking.\\"<br /><br />Duh. . .<br /><br />But aside from all the obvious plusses (great story, suspense, characters, timing, musical score, dialogue, etc.) that make watching this film, over the years, such a delight, I tend to marvel at two noteworthy components of this instant classic.  The first is the interaction of the Big Three (Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Richard Dreyfuss); the way they play off one another, while rubbing elbows on that tiny boat, is a marvel to behold.  And Shaw's monologue--as his character relives his experiences as a survivor of the USS Indianapolis--is perhaps the most riveting monologue in all of cinema.<br /><br />The other component involves the mechanics of making the movie itself.  Just think of it:  The difficulties of simulating the power of a giant shark tearing apart a boat in the open ocean (with the limited technology at the time) must have been extraordinary, yet Spielberg and crew accomplish the insurmountable--and make it look totally believable.  Accordingly, JAWS is the product of filmmakers at the pinnacle of their craft, which makes it as much fun to watch today as the first time I spilled my soda.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, [[ASIN:142573152X The Reckoning]]
0618154248|5.0|My 21 mos old wants all four Curious George books read to her every night at bedtime.  After I read them, she'll 'read' them out loud.  I sometimes find her in her room during the day and inevitably one of these books are in her hand.  To my surprise, her favorite is Curious George and the Rocket.  She loves Blast off!!<br /><br />The books are sturdy for toddlers who do not know their own strength. ;)  I'm very pleased with the purchase and look forward to getting more George books.
B000026OHN|5.0|One of the three best recordings of the Well-Tempered Klavier.  I also like Gould and Barenboim.
B000W9EOEC|5.0|Who could make a better remix of Daft Punk songs than Daft Punk? If you love Daft Punk this cd is a must have. I don't think it's possible to over-play this cd.
B001O22ELQ|5.0|I absolutely loved this! The humor, the pathos, the music, the intentionally corny acting - they all came together to crack me up, make me sing along, and sometimes make me think a bit. We see the world through the eyes of a would-be comic-book villain who is certainly not as evil at heart as the smarmy Captain Hammer, his nemesis. The songs are very catchy and campy, yet I find myself enjoying some of the musical sophistication in the duets and trios and the occasional chopped-off endings.<br /><br />I hope that we really do have a Part Four of this.
B0007TKNII|3.0|This was a good movie. Lots of singing and very long. Hard to keep up with.
B00006JSS8|5.0|While we've all heard these songs before, they were an absolute joy to listen to collected here. Actually, our 16 year old son took time out from modernist offerings (rap, etc., etc.,) and became aware of Stevie Wonder due to his interest in Barack Obama. Our new Prez captured the imagination of youth much like JFK, and as a result our son asked who was this Stevie Wonder guy? After much laughter about my age [I barely remember John Kennedy's inaugural, though 11/22/63 seems like yesterday] his mom amd I explained that Stevie's been around awhile; the three of us then became huge Barack supporters, worked tirelessly for the election, and then kissed the horses and went off into the sunset. Or something like that. (Channelling Hunter S. Thompson, mea ulpa, mea culpa.........)
0316017922|5.0|Once again, Malcolm Gladwell has provided an incisive inight into contemporary processes in our society.
B000I5X81K|3.0|It is more of my fault than the product.  I did not look careful enough of the song list.  I thought I will find the song \\"Awake\\" in the \\"Awake CD\\".  Am I wrong?  Make sure you check you song list when you buy a CD.
B001G5ZKZS|5.0|sounds great on my budget surround sound system.. I listen while on the treadmill and the band sounds just like the cd itself..good work Rush!.
B001KPYNR0|3.0|I have all of Enya's other albums, and thought this one might be a little 'fresher' with a different theme.  The CD is okay, but I find it to sound like most of her other stuff.  Nothing innovative. And I did find a couple of the tracks to be a little annoying (like One Toy Soldier).  I love Shepherd Moons and Watermark, and this isn't as good.
0394700023|5.0|I was a putz throughout my early school years until an English teacher in high school assigned this book.  I've read it 2 dozen times since and each time I pick up a little bit more.  The opening classic line is a wonderful prelude to existentialism.  It also turned my head around enough to take something other than football, drumming and weightlifting serious.  It made me want to read and ultimately write.  Everybody should read this baby at least a couple times (with a good deal of distance between the reads for full appreciation).  Camus turned me on to Sartre (No Exit) and that made me want to write plays ... which lead to waking up from the deep sleep I was in the first 20+ or so years of my life.
B00000DLVA|5.0|This album is THE classic Cardigan album. It should have it's own shelf. It's style was laced with combinations of electronic, pop, and alternative. I loved it.
B000002L5P|5.0|an album ive owned on several cassetes, lp, and disc.  the words and marrs playing were indeed very speacial, and ive never heard any thing released after that does me the same way every time.  its the pinnacle of a dying sound, giving way to flash and mindlessness, but could have a myriad new lifes.  a devoteee.
B000683VI4|4.0|This was a gift for my daughter, she loves \\"the notebook\\" story. This movie isn't quite the same as the book version, but very enjoyable and a must see if you've read the book.
B000U0F7RG|5.0|When I got this for my wife, she said this was her best gift. She has been on a Gilmore Girls kick for a few months, and she was recording them on TV and waiting for them to come on every day... Now she can watch them whenever she wants... We have limited it to only two shows a night. :)     But she likes that there are no commercials.
B000669GAI|5.0|I love this cd! It's the best cd ever made! It had very fast shipping!
0312330537|5.0|Best prose I've ever seen from an ex prisoner. Raises the big questions in philosophy in the context of a gripping story layered with literary flourishes. I couldn't put it down and read all 936 pages in less than 2 weeks.<br /><br />Shaun Attwood
0545128285|5.0|I thought it was very well done, and it was really cute to read.  I love  Harry Potter anyway, so I was glad to get it, and that it helps a good cause is also great.  The illustrations were done very well, and it was an easy book to read so any child would be able to grasp the meaning of the story.
0810979772|5.0|This book is a great addition to the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series.  It offers great opportunities for a child to journal, fill in blank comics, and draw in a book he can call his own.  After receiveing many electronics and video games this Christmas, my son (age 10) still named this book his FAVORITE Christmas present.  GREAT BUY!
B001G5ZKZS|5.0|If you are a long time Rush fan, or just getting to know the band right now, and you can afford only one concert DVD, this is the one I would recomend. This is by far the best sound and image quality in any Rush concert (and the other ones are not really too bad).    The song set list is really interesting, including a good portion of new songs from their latest studio album, Snakes and Arrows, the classic hits like Tom Sawyer, The Spirit of Radio, 2112 and Limelight, and the long lost gems like Circumstances, A Passage to Bangkok, and Ghost of a Chance. The performance is unbelieveably solid, and it's full of the well-known Rush humor. Do not miss this one.
B00008CLOA|5.0|Pink Floyd's 'Dark Side of the Moon' has reached almost a mythical status among rock music lovers. The album is as enigmatic as the band itself. It is their highest selling album. It still enjoys enormous airplay, even though it is decades old. Why has this album captured so many people and why does it still endure? As with many great albums (or works of art) there a several reasons.<br /><br />At the most basic level, the albums has a series of killer songs that are hypnotic in quality. They are written very well, have tremendous guitar solos, and become better with each repeated listening. They sound timeless and have not dated at all. My personal favorite song is 'Time'. So many people can relate to this song because so many people have wasted precious time in their lives and continue to do so on a daily basis. At first, I did not understand what the hype was about this album because I listened to it on this basic level.<br /><br />But, the secret to 'Dark Side of the Moon' does not lie in listening to the individual songs. Pink Floyd is a band not set on singles. They create albums for the sake of listening to them in their entirety. If one is going to approach this album and one is going to \\"get it\\", listen to it non-stop from beginning to end. There are instrumentals, but they are not fillers. They are an essential part of the full package. If one approaches the album this way, they will understand why it is the legend that it is. So, what is the central theme of the album?<br /><br />Although the band members have stated there are several big themes, the main one might be very personal. It think 'Dark Side of the Moon' is about the individual becoming older. It is about the individual becoming more cynical and bitter with the passage of time. It is about the individual realizing their mortality, and eventually their time on Earth will come to an end. That life is a constant struggle against time, money, and other individuals.<br /><br />In their hearts, I think most people realize this message. Surprisingly, the album has touched people's heart more than their minds. This is what great music is all about. This might be why 'Dark Side of the Moon' is arguably the most important album in rock music history. If The Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper' was the transformation of rock music music becoming art, then 'Dark Side of the Moon' might have been the final realization of that transformation.  But the difference between 'Sgt. Pepper' and 'Dark Side..' is that The Beatles pompous album has not aged well.  'Dark Side of the Moon' has not aged at all!  People have to learn to differentiate between importance and personal preference. Personally, I like 'Wish You Were Here' over this album. But if someone were to ask me what is the most important Pink Floyd album, I would most likely say 'Dark Side of the Moon'. Just like 'Citizen Kane' is not my favorite film, I would not hesitate to say it is the most important American film ever. The album spend 741 weeks, over 14 years, in the top Billboard 200. Although albums sales are not always a good measure of classics, this album resonated with both critics and the public. I think it is more important the album has resonated more with the public. It is the public's love of this album that has kept it alive. No need for the critics to praise it, the public already knows.<br /><br />See it one entity, and as a single entity no other album could take you on the journey this album will. The music is absolutely hypnotic and strange. It is made ever more subliminal with the talking voices in the background. When the band members were recording the album, they would ask a series of questions to people. These questions were along the lines of, \\"When was the last time you were violent?\\" \\"What do you think of the dark side of the moon?\\" The answers people gave are the voices we hear in the background. It was a very clever idea. Pink Floyd was always an experimental band, and this album was probably their greatest experimental achievement.<br /><br />So in what kind of mental state would one enjoy this album the most? Of coarse, the most obvious answer given is when one is stoned. Well, I've never listened to this album stoned, and I think many people would not want to get stoned just to listen to it. I recommend someone listen to this album after a long day's work; when one is tired and sad with life rather than angry or frustrated. Listen to it alone, as the day turns to night. Listen to it staring off into space. It is then the album has the magic to take the listener through the atmosphere, past the moon, and farther.So in what kind of mental state would one enjoy this album the most? Of coarse, the most obvious answer given is when one is stoned. Well, I've never listened to this album stoned, and I think many people would not want to get stoned just to listen to it. I recommend someone listen to this album after a long day's work; when one is tired and sad with life rather than angry or frustrated. Listen to it alone, as the day turns to night. Listen to it staring off into space. It is then the album has the magic to take the listener through the atmosphere, past the moon, and farther.
B001GZ6QBU|5.0|Great movie.  Wonderful performances by a great cast.  Only thing I thought was too much for the story was Harvey's accident and the Joker not being done in.  But my hat's off to Heath Ledger on a performances for the ages.
B000THGR0Q|5.0|An album with staying power. If you are enchanted with Celtic music, folklore and folk music, presented with panache  and expert musicianship, you cannot go wrong with this album. Haunting and unforgettable, the lead singer and the musicians weave a spell that will take you deep into the mystical and naughty woods of yore. Spellbound, you will dance and sing among the trees, on velvet grass so green, and feel the presence of the fae just a reach away.
B0016Q2D5M|1.0|First off, the 3D effects did nothing for me except give me a headache. I took off the glasses after 2 minutes because I couldn't tolerate it. And apparently it wasn't just me because my friend felt the same way. As for the movie. Boring!!! Predictable. It lacked energy and there was no where near enough action for an \\"adventure\\" movie. There would be a short sequence of potential excitement, and then... nothing. The acting: Ho Hum!! Usually I can at least finish a movie, especially if I paid for it. But not this. My suggestion: invest in something else.
B000VWU2TQ|5.0|When this album came out, it was an \\"album\\"--33 1/3 black vinyl \\"in the round\\" and it was unconquerable!!! Nothing has changed. No matter the format, this album is a classic, from 1975 when it was first released, to present day--quality that cannot change. Frampton at his absolute best! Rock at its finest! Peter Frampton was probably the first to pioneer the use of the \\"Talk Box\\" which is still in use by top singers. I had the ultimate pleasure to see him in concert in the glory days and he was every bit as fantastic in the flesh as on the vinyl! Quality that never loses it flavor.
B001GAPC1K|5.0|There is a lot to `give away' in describing &#34;Iron Man', but suffice it to say that the film makers have created the real Tony Stark. He is the rowdy billionaire responsible for building weapons of mass destruction and selling them to the enemy who then turns into a reluctant and then powerful `Iron Man'. The cinematography is stunning in Blu-ray and the scenes starting from Afghanistan to Los Angeles's skies are over-whelming. The action is intense, funny, witty and true to the character of the comic book character. Plus, it is all believable. Robert Downing, Jr. playing around with his Iron Man invention is nothing short of hilarious and thrilling. Gwyneth Paltrow is a bit underused as his assistant, but she supplies some killer one-liners. Jeff Bridges plays a role that truly threatens Iron Man, but that's all I'll say. The effects are fantastic, the storyline is fast and clever and it is no small wonder it broke box office records. On Blu-ray disc, it is just as good as being in a movie theater - the details, color and sound are that amazing! Tony Stark IS `Iron Man'.<br /><br />All Blu-ray discs are set up differently according to their theme, but for Iron Man, I'll describe the screen imagery. The initial PLAY/SCENES board is a colorful statue of Iron Man with colorful, comic book scientific looking diagrams. Audio is available in English 5.1 Dolby TrueHD, French 5.1 Dolby Digital and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital. Subtitles are in English, English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese. There are some great extras like the `Hall of Armor' showing all four Iron Man designs, `The Invincible Iron man' and deleted scenes. These deletions are great, including, 'I Am Iron Man', `Visuals Effects of Iron Man', a fantastic `Robert Downey Jr. Screen Test'. 'The Actors Process' (Downing and Bridges get down with some real improvisations), a semi-spoof trailer from `The Onion' on Iron man,' Theatrical Trailers, Galleries, Credits and Subtitles. Not to leave anything out, more extras include six mini features such as `Friends and Foes' and &#34;Demon in a Bottle&#34;. If you're really into Blu-ray, try connecting to the Internet for BD-Live capability. This is one of the Blu-ray features that put it so far and above regular DVD.e extras include six mini features such as `Friends and Foes' and &#34;Demon in a Bottle&#34;. If you're really into Blu-ray, try connecting to the Internet for BD-Live capability. This is one of the Blu-ray features that put it so far and above regular DVD.
B001KO3FFW|4.0|As a fan, I watched David Cook work his way to being selected the American Idol. I don't recall him disappointing--every challenge he met with a confident strength. David's voice is as pleasing when rough and edgy as it is when soft and infused with pain, as evidenced in his song, \\"Permanent\\". This album would be a great venue for his first tour!
0575077174|2.0|I opened the book expecting more of the quality I have come to expect from reading his previous revelation space novels. Huge disappointment. It's almost as if the author decided to write a novel that would disappoint his most loyal fans. Ok, I only read the first 150 pages or so, but I have never put down one of his books in favor of a different book and I did with this one.
1847246761|5.0|It was a bit slow moving out, but once the characters, the atmosphere, and the growing story line were fleshed out this book took off for me! Delightful and wicked! As it grew closer to the end of the book I found myself not wanting it to end. When it did \\"finish up\\" I only wanted more! I want the author to explore, further, the irresistible interplay between Mikael and Salander. Lisbeth Salander is unconventional, extremely bright, intriguing  and a nice complement to Mikael's practicality. The Vanger family is so full of interesting people and though often strange, I find them compelling and want to delve more into their history and personalities. Wrap all this up in a tale of suspense, treachery, and dark secrets, you will quickly find yourself deep in the world of the Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
B00005NGAK|5.0|Feet of Flames is a wonderful show; it's bright and beautiful. A definite work of art; it is however very similar to the show, Riverdance and Lord of the Dance. The colors and performance is awesome; in my opinion definitely worth watching.
0545128285|5.0|I bought this for my husband for Christmas. He is a big Harry Potter fan. He Loved it. It is a quick read. I started to read it myself and I am enjoying it very much. Every Harry Potter fan must have this book too!
B0000C2IQD|5.0|Movie brought back fond childhood memories. This DVD was bought for our grandchildren. Probably the best movie I have ever seen.
0312427999|5.0|I read this book last spring and was both fascinated and appalled at what I learned.  This book is a thoroughly documented chronology of the implementation of Friedman free market economics theory and the methods and extent in which economists have gone to implement this theory into working practice. The author spotlights numerous historical incidents that our media glossed over and in many instances completely misrepresented. This book opened my eyes to some of the things that have been happening without the general public's consent or knowledge.  There's an elite group of politicians and economists that are driving the markets and implementing policies that are truely to the detriment of the general populace and aimed at solidifying corporate control of our government, laws, and tax dollars for their benefit and wealth.  after reading this book you'll better understand the motivation of the TARP \\"bailouts\\" as well as Myanmar Governments' refusal of assistance after the devastating cyclone that hit that country.  I consider this book a MUST READ and bought 4 more copies for family for Christmas presents.
B001FSDOZO|4.0|I just received this cd in the mail today and listened to it while I was at the gym.  This is a great cd! Really good! I first heard about Nickelback years ago but, for some reason, never really got into them. After listening to sound bites from all the other albums here on Amazon, I have to say that this is their best one yet, and I know why - it was produced by John \\"Mutt\\" Lange, a guy responssible for the success of a lot of other bands I admire like AC/DC, Def Leppard and Foreigner. I am not a fan of most modern rock bands because most of them sound the same and it is all pretty forgettable.  This album sounds like something from the 80's, back when metal ruled the earth. It is not \\"hair metal.\\" It is real rock, the kind of rock that is crunching with power and has a good beat. I usually listen to the power metal bands out of Europe like Helloween, Iron Savior, Primal Fear, Gamma Ray, Hammerfall, Brainstorm, Sonata Arctica, Nightwish, etc., and that is mainly because American music has really gone into the toilet, mainly starting about fifteen years ago and progressively getting worse until we are where we are today. This cd is definitely a standout!
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|This is a great show and this season is wonderful. The bonus features are cool to watch as well.
0740748475|5.0|This complete set is a fitting tribute to one of the finest comic book artists ever to pick up a pen.  Along with the countless strips that make Calvin and Hobbes the artistic amazement and phenom that it is, this collection also has a biographical introduction that gives some insight into the enigmatic figure that is Bill Waterson.  Whether these books be for the experienced Calvin and Hobbes aficionado or one of the lucky few who have never had the opportunity to read a collection, this is a great way to celebrate and savor the greatest comic strips of all time.
B001DXS4E2|5.0|I overlooked this movie for years; my favorite being White Christmas from this era. After watching it on TV I decided to purchase it. I'm so glad I did. It's great having the film both in B&W and color. It is now one of my favorites.
B001ED7C58|3.0|Got this for my daughters friend. The price was good, but the Music was fair. Some of the songs are good, but the others are not.
B000OVLBFS|3.0|This movie is entertaining but lacks much action. Could also do without the star being a drunk and shown drinking all the time. This is not good for children due to the drinking issue.
B001GM28HO|5.0|Got this for my daughter, and her friend. It was the best price, and she loves this cd.
B0009FU0ZQ|4.0|I am a strong fan of Tom Selleck. He is a very good actor as far as I am concerened but this role is not all that well played. He seems to be too much of a drinker for me. I do however like that he stands on what he beleives is right.Selleck has done a bang up job on his westerns and I would hope he could do better on these movies that have so little action.
B001C08RHA|4.0|My spouse saw this film in the theater before we saw it together on DVD, and hyped it pretty thoroughly. It lived up to the advance notices.     Great looking scenes, fun dialog, and terrorists who are actually into terror for terror's sake, not some obvious political or regional cause. The IRONMAN suit has enough WOW factor to hang a movie around. More than you can say for most costumes, even the CGI ones.  MBB
B00011F5DK|5.0|Fun game that requires some thinking ahead. Players have to use their pieces well to be able to use them all before their opponents block them. Great fun for all.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|I love this show.  Each season it gets better and better.  My husband works nights so I bought him seasons 1, 2 and 3 to catch up.  I should say, we both love this show.
B00005QDW5|4.0|This was a gift for my son. It was sad that I didn't have it on Christmas. I did receive it in the shipping window, but I ordered it on Nov. 30. Almost a month getting it. Dealing with the seller was just okay, and I saw some other responses from him that were NOT nice. Would NOT buy from this seller again!!!
B000N6TYLW|5.0|I bought this for my daughter for Christmas because she loves the Gilmore Girls.  She had recorded all the shows for the last 6 months but somehow, she missed a lot of the shows especially the last season and didn't get to see the last one.  She was so excited to get them and she can't wait to see the last show.  This is a great show to have some mother/daughter time and talk about issues.
006113399X|5.0|Great book, just a slow start, but it needs to be to introduce all the players.
B001C08RHA|4.0|This is a great movie!!! I'm very pleased with Robert Downy Jr., his performance was the best!!! Can't want for a second one, the chemistry between Robert and Gwyneth was awesome!!! And I love Terrence Howard!!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Gave the Planet Earth DVD to my 9 yr. old grandson for Christmas. He absolutely loves it. I watched a few of the Dvd's and the photography is spectacular. I recommend this for everyone.
B001GZ6QBU|5.0|It was a very good story, and they could not have picked a better cast.  The special effects were the greatest! I think it was the best Batman ever!!!
B0018CWEYY|5.0|This was a gift that was well received. It has the season's shows and extra features. For Lost enthusiasts, it's a winner. Delivery was fast, product and price were excellent.
0553805460|5.0|I can understand how this book may not be appreciated or believed by the general public.  Considering that Belfort is not a writer by trade or education, I thought he did well in describing characters and characteristics.  I laughed throughout the book at his commentary and descriptions.  I knew and spent time with Jordan for a period during his drug-induced haze-days when in my early twenties and I remember every moment and word...he is an amazing guy, albeit a true con and crook.  I can attest that, with the exceptions of some impertinent details and timelines, what you can't bring yourself to believe is only half the story; it's all true and much, much more.  Consider, prior to aligning him with great authors of AmLit, that his ego has its own zip code, he's a narcissist, a mysogenist, and addict. Consider also that he was on the cover of trade industry mags by the age of 30 who the SEC and other feds committed thousands of man-hours investigating.  Belfort's scams caused laws and regulations to be created.  This book is not well written, but it's a good read.  Reviewers who disliked this book either cannot conceptualize such an extravagant lifestyle or were in hopes of a final moral redemption.  Stick to novels...this is a real story and Jordan is incapable of delivering what you look for.  He seeks the limelight, the attention, anyway he can get it.  Take a deeper, psychological perspective: the hookers, the drugs, the abuses and crticisms of others...he punishes himself with his self-destructive lifestyle.  And then brags about it.  The next book, I am sure, will \\"regard\\" his arrest, his testimony against Steve Madden - who he, himself, criminalized (along with many others)- his jail time and his stint in the B-movie business.  Keep reading.
159562015X|5.0|My husband and son work for the same company and had done the earlier version through work. I thought it would be good to evaluate my strengths. I liked the on-line assessment which comes with this book. Drawback is that everyone using the book must by their own copy to do the assessment. This version is concise and hits things right on. As a matter of interest, I tried to determine which were my five strengths according to description before taking the online tool. I was right on just two of the five. I bought a copy for each of the rest of my adult children to do their own assessment.
0792110188|4.0|I ordered this for a friend for Christmas. He is a John Wayne fan and loves this movie. It's pretty hard to find so I got it off Amazon.com. I would purchase these again. Good buy!
B000002J5K|5.0|The item arrived quickly, and was in PERFECT condition. My kids loved the gift, and the quality is perfect! Thanks for a great experience!!!
B000VI6T6U|5.0|I would recommend this to every Hendrix fan,the quality of this dvd was like being at the concert itself!!!!!!!!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I used the DVD through the holidays.  I stayed motivated to eating better and working out everyday.  They say the average person gains 7-10 lbs over the holidays.  By using this DVD I did not gain 1 lb.  I look forward to the continued use of the DVD to lose weight throughout this year.  I would recommend it to any and everybody.  There are 3 different levels.  It starts pretty easy (but you still sweat) and gets very difficult.  It is a workout designed to kick your butt everytime.  TRY IT!
B0013FSL3E|3.0|Item arrived quickly, as described. Haven't seen the movie but heard it was good.  No problems buying from Amazon.
B000UJCALI|5.0|I am very pleased with the purchase.  I received it before the date and the product is in great condition.  Rate as high as I can!
B001EYGOEM|5.0|Great CD, my daughter loves it. and as Amazon promised,I did recieve for Christmas. The Free shipping is what sold me on most of the items that I bought. Your prices are good but alot of them are compreble to other on line company's. So free shipping is a big factor.    Thanks Amazon
B0002F6AH0|5.0|As my title states, there not much more that can be posted about this documentary series.  Its wonderfully made...loaded with footage and first hand accounts from all major war participants.  I really enjoyed this set, particularly the interviews with Stephen Ambrose, Traudl Junge, etc.  Highly recommended, of course, if you have even a lukewarm interest in history or, more specifically, the history of WWII.  I would have liked to have seen a little more coverage on the workings and makeup of the SS in particular...though the set does examine Hitler's Germany in fairly good detail and what conditions allowed for such a regime to be created and ultimately take hold of the country.
B000002KHF|5.0|Great album, I thought I was ordering a Vinyl and got a CD.  Probably my fault, but beware.
1588167461|5.0|If you like to dress up, then this book is for you.  It is packed with valuable advice and is fully illustrated throughout.  Chapters are intuitively chosen; the book starts by discussing the finer points of buying a suit.  It then goes through shirts, pants, even personal care, and ends with a chapter on building a wardrobe.  Each page is filled with tips, pictures of fashion icons, and notes for investing in your clothes.  I personally found the Accessories chapter to be a fun read, especially since I am a fan of vintage watches and bow ties.      Are you old enough to know what the Preppy Handbook is?  If so, this is an updated and less-snobbish version of the classic.  In fact, this is the new Preppy Handbook, occasionally with a similar tongue-in-cheek approach.  There are several other books in the market, but none are as easy to read as this.  The focus is on men's clothes in general, not just suits and formal wear as in Alan Flusser's Dressing the Man.  And though brands and specialty stores are mentioned, the emphasis is on how to distinguish well-made clothes, not just where to buy them.      Unlike other fashion books that will become outdated, this is one is not about trends, but really about style.  You will pass this on to your sons in the future, so do them a favor and buy them one each.  Give it the day they leave for college, or as an 18th birthday present.    If you read GQ or Esquire for their buying guides, do yourself a favor and pick up this book.  It would take years of subscribing to magazines to come up with all the info between the covers.      Overall, an entertaining, informative, and essential guide for any man who cares about the way he looks.
1595141715|4.0|Hannah is dead at the tender age of 16. Tragically, she took her own life. But she's left something behind: a box of thirteen audio tapes that she hopes will explain the reasons she chose to kill herself.<br /><br />Thirteen Reasons Why is Jay Asher's debut novel that deals with some powerful subject matter: teen suicide. I was prepared for preachy. I was prepared for condescension. But I wasn't prepared for what I actually read, which turned out to be a brutally honest exploration of both the victim and those left behind (he invalidates neither) wondering why and how such a thing could have happened.<br /><br />Author Jay Asher has a rare, special touch with his readers. He actually understands that most mysterious and elusive of creatures: the teenager. Hannah's reasons for killing herself would appear, to most adults, inconsequential. But Asher understands that her reasons are very, very real to a teenager and he treats them with the seriousness they deserve. Likewise, he is able to convey the angst of her classmates who are left feeling confused, guilty and vulnerable while they try to make sense of the tragedy.<br /><br />And yet Asher is still able to subtly provide answers and lessons, including our moral responsibilities to our fellow human beings, the subtle signs of suicide and how we unknowingly exacerbate it.<br /><br />Perhaps the most powerful scene in the novel revolves around Hannah's last effort to reach out for help from her high school guidance counselor. Asher brilliantly depicts a counselor who wants so badly to help Hannah, but simply cannot because of his inability to see the problem through the eyes of a teenage girl.<br /><br />There is, as it turns out, no one person to blame for a tragedy like this. Anyone could have stopped it along the way, but tragically no one did.<br /><br />Very highly recommended for both teens and adults. If you have a teen in mind for this book, I would recommend that you (or better yet, their parents) read it first to ensure that the seriousness of the subject matter is, in your view, appropriate for them.matter is, in your view, appropriate for them.
B0011Z5IVE|1.0|I'm a big time rock n roll fan, my favorite rockers are Matchbox 20, Nickelback, Creed, Staind, Collective Soul, and R.E.M... But lately some of these oldies bands are tryin' to pass off as 'legendary' rock groups.. How can a band call themselves legendary if they don't have music videos on MTV? and where are the Dubstep bass drops? How about lyrics that talk about driving a 64 impala with 32 inch rims!?  None of these are found here!  I decided to give Led Zeplane a chance and I almost fell asleep! The vocalist for Led Zeplane .. David Lee Roth has no idea what he is doing.. he needs to take a few lessons from Nickelback.  The guitarist on here sounds worse than a 3rd grader who has never touched a guitar before...I had to stop this album after the 3rd track because I could no longer take it!!!!!!<br /><br />For good Rock n roll stick with the pros... Nickelback, Creed, Collective Soul, Weezer, Oasis, Bush, Default, Daughtry, Live, Lit, Silverchair, Fuel, 3 days grace, Matchbox 20, Goo Goo Dolls, Barenaked Ladies, and ANYTHING labeled as Post-grunge... :]
B001EN71DG|5.0|Great movies with lots of features. Obviously those who already own the trilogy don't need to buy it again. But those who don't own it, it is a great buy! Can't wait for Blu-ray versions, but im not holding my breath.
1563894696|4.0|Amazing fun and deep read. Tons of Twists a must for any batman fan.  Excellent take on the Harvey Dent plot line  Art is great amazing characters  READ THIS BEFORE YOU READ DARK VICTORY
B000AP04MO|1.0|I am so sad. I cannot play this CD unfortunately. I get a message \\"check your area code\\" that's all. I would very much appreciate what is wrong with this CD and/or what I could do to be able to play it.
B000002L9B|4.0|This is an awesome album!  In my opinion this is some of Prince's best work.  If you're a Prince fan, you're sure to love this cd.  Not only does it contain the classic song Kiss, it also contains \\"Likeyoueneedaholeinyourhead\\" (I don't know if thats the title but it is a rarely heard classic that many young Price fans may have never heard).  All togeather, this project is a mix of funk, ballads and mid-range tempo jams that are sure to please and even contains a beautiful instrumental track that, once again, showcases the musical talent of Prince and the Revoloution/Parade.  Cop this CD if you know what's good for you!  They're selling it at a great price, too!                                     -Ryan Lionheart
0486446859|5.0|daughter loved this book when she saw it online--she attends the Museum of Fine arts School -Boston--and has enjoyed it since she got it.
B001NT0TF8|5.0|Revolutionary guitar album. If you don't own an Yngwie album  this is a good one to go with.     He wasn't the first guitarist to fuse classical and rock music together but he was the first to do it with such incredable technique.
B001AXOFS4|5.0|A friend made me aware of Adele, I had never heard of her.  But, now I am telling all my friends about her.  She has a dusky, soulful voice and is a great deliverer of text.  Her music is easy to listen to, just washes over you.  The dual-disk is awesome.  The second is an \\"unplugged\\" version of the first.  I enjoyed both equally.  I highly recommend this CD to people who like sultry jazz with an alternative style.
B000058T5E|5.0|You don't have to be a guitar fiend to like this album. Although If you  are you will love it. Nadia and Suspension are awesome in any category  of instrumental music.     Like all my reviews on instrumental guitar music  Im going by what I feel is music that evokes emotion and inspiration        One of the best instrumental guitar albums ever!
B000X5SPBI|5.0|This item was shipped very fast. Price was right and made the eyes of my son light up for Christmas.
0375758992|1.0|Don't Let's Go to the Dogs Tonight:  An African Childhood  I read a review of this autobiography which raised my interest.  But after reading fully two-thirds of the book, I was disheartened at the racist attitude of nearly all of the significant white characters in the book: her mother, father, and even the young woman herself.  It re-inforced the cruel treatment of the Black majority in then Rhodesia by the members of the White minority we met while reading it.  I strongly recommend anyone interested in reading this book to check it out of a library, rather than purchase it.  I am a white woman aged 61 and I was very dissapointed in this book and would not recommend it to anyone.  Thank you.
0743564170|4.0|I read the book and enjoyed it so much that I wanted to sit back and let someone else tell it to me.
B001F0VHEM|5.0|Pink is energetic, versatile, honest!  She entertains me to no end.   I bought a new car and this was my new car album.  Listen to it over and over.  It's funny, it's storytelling, it's vulnerable.  Thank you Pink for singing them soft, funky, country (sort of), loud.    You rock my world!
B0011UBDTK|5.0|Sex and the City sounded as a cheap thrills to me at first.  I ignored the TV series for the first three years of its successful existence.  I argued with my daughters about the intellectual and stylistic merits of the series... till one day I watched a couple of episodes On Demand.  Then, I watched another couple episodes... and I was hooked.  Sex and the City is not about sex alone.  Women are not about sex, sorry Samantha.  (I never met anyone like Samantha anyway).  We are all about relationships.  If you have no friends, Sex and the City makes sure that you are ever alone.  The show is uplifting, liberating, romantic, cynical, totally unrealistic (who wants a realistic show when we tune in to escape our reality!); it is beautiful, sharp, smart, creative, inspiring.  I even forgive the color and the texture of the cover - pink plush?! - too much Carrie...  Description are NOT helpful.  I skip them both in the book and on the screen.  I find it too elaborate or not specific enough and ambiguous at times.    I bought the entire series for the video content and I enjoy every minute of it no mater how many times I re-watch my favorite episodes.  Great original show!
159448385X|5.0|Read both the books...' The Kite Runner' and 'The Thousand Splendid Suns'. Must say that the author's story telling skills have greatly improved in his second novel about the 2 women. It was a great book which offered insight into the lives of people living with war.
0439023483|5.0|This is easily the best book that I read in ALL of 2008.  Not only did I read it, but I couldn't put the book down.<br /><br />In a futuristic North America, each year 24 \\"tributes\\", kids aged 12-18, are taken and put into the annual Hunger Games, which are broadcast nationwide.  The kids battle it out in a climate-controlled arena...the last one alive is the winner.  Katniss, a sixteen-year-old girl, is one of those tributes, after taking her younger sister's place in the Hunger Games.  But is Katniss strong enough to be the sole survivor?<br /><br />This book reminded me a lot of the Richard Connell short story \\"The Most Dangerous Game\\" (hunt or BE hunted) and was such a great book, I find myself telling everyone about it.  If you choose this book, you will NOT be sorry!  Guaranteed!!!
B000641Z90|4.0|Phil Collins' horn-powered group is tight and professional, and this 2-DVD set is an excellent value. Not only do you get a complete concert with surround sound and widescreen video, but you also get an 80% complete collection of Phil's videos and also a documentary. Unfortunately, the video clips must be accessed individually, and there isn't a way to watch the videos play as a continuous program.  Collins is backed by mostly the same instrument players who were heard on \\"Live and Loose in Paris\\", excepting that Bassist Leland Sklar returns, replacing Nathan East.  The set list focuses on the popular \\"No Jacket Required\\",\\"But Seriously\\" & \\"Dance Into The Light\\" albums, though the few subsequent songs included cause the pace to briefly drag.  Collins seldom has adequate on-stage duet partners to re-create the Marylin Martins part on \\"Separate Lives\\" &  the Philip Bailey part on \\"Easy Lover\\", and this show is no exception. On \\"Separate Lives\\", Collins(in this show) has a throaty,low-pitched, masculine-sounding African American woman to duet with, and while she's a skillful singer, she takes too many melodic and phrasing liberties with \\"Separate Lives\\". This lady, and a male background vocalist take turns trying to replace Philip Bailey on \\"Easy Lover\\", but Bailey's high falsetto notes are simply out of these singers' ranges, and they have no option but to sing the song quite differently. This is one area where Nathan East is missed. He could easily reproduce the Philip Bailey part, and with good reason:East co-wrote \\"Easy Lover\\".  There are very occasional moments during this show, where Collins' very highest notes sound slightly thinner or more nasal than in the past. Collins hits all the required notes(though in a few instances avoiding holding them for as long), but from the way Collins occasionally grimaces in the first half of the show, it is obvious that it is not as effortless to reach these high notes in his mid-50's as it was in his mid-30's.(in a subsequentGenesis reunion tour, Collins dropped the keys of most of the songs, de-tuning the songs as much as 3 keys)  Don't get me wrong, this is a generally excellent, well performed,recorded and filmed show, and the two-disc set is value packed, but if you don't have a Phil Collins DVD yet, I'd advise you to start with \\"Live and Loose in Paris\\", then buy this set. This is a fine farewell from Collins. It's good to quit at the top.
B0000CDJPQ|4.0|Generally, I don't think a review should be based on price, but the current $52 cost is over 3 1/2 times the cost to order it directly from the manufacturer.  This is obviously a pricing error and you shouldn't buy the adapter from Amazon until it is corrected and put more in line with every other online retailer ($11-$15).    Other than that...It's an adapter and it works.  No problems with it.
B001H5X7KC|1.0|This movie is not for everyone.  Some of the blood and guts humor was not funny to me. I know, it is just a movie........just a movie not for me.
0812975219|1.0|If you are not too bright, you will find this book quite insightful.  On the other hand, if you are of average or better intelligence, you will probably find reading this book to be, well, let's be kind and say \\"inefficient\\".<br /><br />Although the premise of book claims to be that there is a lot more unpredictability in life than people intuitively allow for, what he really argues is that the unlikely events are not as unlikely as we think (which is a slightly different point).<br /><br />In either case, these ideas are not even close to new with this author.  They are legitimate points and it is valuable to understand them.  His contribution, as an essay, would make a very fine 10 page magazine article.  Instead, you have this ponderous 250 page book which is mostly an ego-fest.<br /><br />See also the review by \\"Rossputin\\" at http://www.amazon.com/review/R13UC0M0O69NXV/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm  I'm in complete agreement with that review (except I only give the book 1 star).
141694737X|5.0|Dear Zoo is a delightful little story. The flaps are easy for little fingers to open and also tough enough to withstand a little pulling. My daughter chooses this to read often and doesn't mind at all that she has learned what animals are under the flaps.
B0000TB01Y|4.0|I bought this CD as a gift for my 17 year old son.  He loves it.  It is like being at the play all over again. Thank you.
0316017922|4.0|Gladwell provides a novel perspective on why some have made brilliant successes of their careers. Unfortunately, it is long on anecdote and short on analysis of the ecofactors that govern people's lives. There are no lessons for anyone who wishes to emulate Bill Gates. Its still a matter of talent, drive and opportunity.
B001KBZ6CU|5.0|Excellant book for true Indiana Jones Fan's . It contains info from his first 3 film adventures;  Raiders of the Lost Ark, Temple of Doom, and The Last Crusade. A good merobillia collection . You too can relive \\"The Adventure\\"
B001DHXT2A|4.0|If you ignored this movie thinking it was going to be a sequel to the inferior 2003 Ang Lee adaptation, you did wrong because this is how Hulk is meant to be. For the first time we get a clear perspective of Hulk. Unlike the previous movie this adaptation proves that Hulk can be shown in the big screen as both a threat and a hero.<br /><br />The movie begins with Banner undergoing an experiment that obviously goes wrong; and unlike the previous movie, this one ignores everything that occurred before. This adaptation is much more loyal to the comics and The TV show. The setting is more realistic and we don't have the annoying comic book transitions that were applied to the first Hulk movie.<br /><br />so is this movie worth it? Hell yeah! The effects are better; the design of Hulk is better and meaner. Not to mention the last fight with Abomination, it will leave you breathless. Forget about the other Hulk movie, this is a re-boot like Batman Begins. For all comic book fans and Hulk fans this is the Hulk you were waiting for, don't hesitate.<br /><br />MY PERSONAL RAITING: 4 OUT OF 5
B00011F5DK|5.0|I bought this game for my wife for Christmas.  It is easy to learn and fun to play.  It also challenges your mind.  Be prepared to have fun playing it!
B000WC3A0S|5.0|My husband loves these movies. Good way for him to unwind from the day and get pumped for the next one. What a bargain! Best price anywhere!
0807126063|5.0|For anyone who is a fan of 20th century literature this is a must read. You can and will be able to put it down but you will not be able to keep yourself from picking it back up.
0060005696|3.0|...but I came away thinking the author did not prove his subtitle.  He did prove \\"Why More is Less\\" but I don't think he showed \\"How the Culture of Abundance Robs Us of Satisfaction\\".  I believe a more accurate (although less appealing) subtitle may have been \\"How the Culture of Abundance Allows Unrepentant Maximizers to Drive Themselves Crazy\\".<br /><br />Full disclosure - I am a Satisficer.  I scored very low on his test on page 80.  Consequently I don't see how fewer choices in the culture at large would make me more satisfied.  I have already found a way to filter out most of the unnecessary (for me) choices in life and an quite content to stick with the same brand of jeans, shirts, and crackers.  But at the same time, I would not want to be denied the opportunity to possibly change my mind in the future - and I would not want others who may make different choices than I to be denied either.<br /><br />That being said - I fully understand certain people may become unhappy with the abundance of choices in our culture.  But isn't that a reflection of the individual's reaction to the culture - and not the fault of the culture itself?  Are Maximizers victims of the culture as the subtitle implies?  Or are they simply people who haven't adequately learned to cope with abundance?  If one were to argue that our culture is also a culture of alcohol (you may or may not agree - but I'll play the devil's advocate for now) - does that mean that the culture is responsible for alcoholism within individuals?  Does a culture of alcohol \\"rob\\" us of our sobriety?  I think not.  In both cases - it is the individual reaction to the culture (either through choice or predisposition) - not the culture itself - which causes the underlying problem.<br /><br />Fortunately - the author does not spend too much time prescribing involuntary changes to the culture at large.  Instead - he focuses on what individuals can do themselves to deal with the myriad of choices available to them - and how they can create a mindset to lead to higher satisfaction.  So my review is mainly critical of the subtitle.  In the end the book is worth a read - especially if you are a Maximizer who finds themselves overwhelmed.<br /><br />PS.  One thing I cannot leave out - on page 53 the author states that the average American sees 3000 advertisements per day.  I'd really like to know where this statistic came from.  It seems so dubious to me that I nearly put the book down at that point.indset to lead to higher satisfaction.  So my review is mainly critical of the subtitle.  In the end the book is worth a read - especially if you are a Maximizer who finds themselves overwhelmed.    PS.  One thing I cannot leave out - on page 53 the author states that the average American sees 3000 advertisements per day.  I'd really like to know where this statistic came from.  It seems so dubious to me that I nearly put the book down at that point.
B0002Y69NG|5.0|I got this for my brother for Christmas and he loves it! I'd have to say I'm a fan as well.
B001GQACGE|5.0|When I received this Beyonce CD in the mail, the CD case was cracked and damaged.
B0000A02TZ|5.0|This is a true classic comedy. I think it's the best of the Nat. Lampoon movies.This is the blueprint for all college hijinx movies to follow.
B001GSV3EC|5.0|With apologies to Jimi Hendrix and Stevie Ray Vaughan, Jeff Beck is the best guitarist alive.  He is an apex shredder.  He bends strings with abandon.  He elicits tones with the whammy bar that no one else can duplicate.  His sound is original, distictive and instantly recognizable.  If you enjoy this CD, I suggest that you also get JEFF BECK LIVE AT B.B. KING.  Both of these represent what lead guitar playing is all about!
B001ED7C58|3.0|This was a gift for my daughter--a sincere Twilight fan.  She loved the soundtrack!
0312944926|4.0|Very well put together. Just when you think you have it figured out the plot takes a new twist and sends you in a different direction. Definitely worth the time.
192076920X|2.0|Shantaram is an ambitious novel. Unfortunately, Gregory David Roberts' 900+ pages of ambition suffers from a lack of competent editing, or perhaps from no editing at all. To be sure, there are sections of the book that are engaging and fascinating, such as those that describe the protagonist's experiences as a Bombay slum doctor or his visits to the Standing Babas and his friend Prubaker's village. But there are an equal number of dull, repetitive and poorly written passages. Roberts' tendency to describe what every female character is wearing in every scene is mind-numbing, as is his tendency to write about the female fatale's black hair and green eyes ad nauseam. (\\"Tall plants as green as Karla's eyes whirled and shuddered in the wind all around us.\\") Long stretches that explain a major character's philosophies are excruciating and rehashed several times. Numerous and implausible fight scenes starring the protagonist (author?) left me exasperated. Unnecessary background information is presented and soon forgotten as it is becomes impossible to keep track of the many shallowly developed secondary and tertiary characters (although even most of the main characters display a lack of depth). In short, at half the length this could have been a real page turner. As it stands it's a rather frustrating, overstuffed mess.
B001ED7C58|4.0|This is better than the typical movie soundtrack. The songs are diverse and can even be used for backround music.
031606792X|5.0|This was the best book of the series, and the longest.  It felt like it was never going to end.  I, however, could not stop reading once I started.  This book was impossible to put down.  Two of my friends who had already read it agreed.  This book is wonderful, but you do need to read the previous three to understand the material in it.
B001EO2UJK|5.0|Great box set, worth waiting for. Excellent sound and quality dvd's. Full set now !
B001ECQ75A|5.0|This is a fun, fun movie. Maybe I'm just an old, old, little kid but it was fun to watch with my grandson!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|My son-in-law wanted this for Christmas.  I saw it at Best Buy for $70 and decided to check on line.  Found it at Amazon for $25.39.  What an awesome deal!  He and my daughter think the set is absolutely amazing!  Great, great purchase!
0807014273|5.0|Great books are often great testimonies. This is one. Frankl's message is not so much about man's inhumanity to man as about how everyday life in the Nazi death camp was reflected in the minds of the prisoners. Beyond that, what can his experiences mean to us today?  A great deal, writes Frankl: \\"Do not think that these considerations are unworldly and too far removed from real life. It is true that ... of the prisoners only a few kept their full inner liberty and obtained those values which their suffering afforded, but even one such example is sufficient proof that man's inner strength may raise him above his outward fate. Such men are not only in concentration camps.\\" What has this to do with Abraham Maslow's concept of self-actualization? And, what are the metavalues Dr. Frankl referred to? Why, of course, Truth, Beauty and Goodness:  \\"... by experiencing something--such as goodness, truth, and beauty--by experiencing nature and culture or, last but not least, by experiencing another human being in his uniqueness--by loving him ... by love [we are] enabled to see the essential traits and features in the beloved person; and even more, to see that which is potential in him; which is not yet actualized but which ought to be actualized ... By making him aware of what he can be and of what he should become, [we help make] these potentialities come true.\\" Too bad these contemporary geniuses and champions of the invincible human spirit, Frankl and Malow never met. Readers who are taken by Viktor Frankl's remarkable testimony in Man's Search for Meaning may want to examine his first book, the precious manuscript the Nazi's confiscated and he recreated shortly after WWII ended. Originally titled \\"The Unconscious God,\\" it has been republished as \\"Man's Search for Ultimate Meaning.\\" Written for his peers, and not laypersons, it is a challenge to read. But it is also a spiritual gem of equal value to Man's Search for Meaning.
B000Z27HLS|5.0|For many of us who enjoy the works of Jane Austen, this is by far the best adaptation of the book. Felicity Jones was a perfect Katherine Morland.  I enjoyed the dialog, the scenary and the players. Although not true to the book in certain areas, this version  was nice (perhaps too short)  and sweet and I know Jane Austen would have approved!  Terry H.
0956010903|5.0|This is one of the best purchases I've ever made as far as literary works are concerned. It's a first edition, first printing signed by the author and complete with illustrations. The fact that both the cover shell and the book are bound in leather makes it even better!
0060899190|3.0|Very Interesting book - but in my opinion, I was not prepared for all the sorrow in people.  I had heard of the book and my daughter (17) wanted to read it, but after reviewing the book myself, I decided I could not give it to her.  As a parent, I try to keep the gloom from her life as much as possible.  In life, every person has gloom and bad times.  With some people, the bad times are much worse.  If she must experience the bad times, I would rather her not be exposed to more. (Some people will think this idea is totally wrong, but these are my thoughts.)
B000T9OP7G|5.0|Very exciting to watch.  If you liked the terminator movies, you will love the series.
0307276902|4.0|Before buying the book I was well aware of the community's outburst on his over exaggeration and how it brings those who go through rehab to shame yet despite all this, I still found the book quite an enjoyable read. Having said that, the main reasons I really enjoyed this book is becuase it is of my first reads into the worlds of rehab and memoirs of alcoholism which is why i probably feel that perhaps his exaggeration was intentional for readers to understand his perception that addiction is of mans fault, not something in your genetics or any type of disease, it was in the persons hand and I truly believe in that idea becuase there still may be hope without the use of AA and the 12 steps.  The book shows of a man who is a misguided soul from the very first day he was born, All his memories and recollections are always associated with drugs and alcohol even as young as the age of 10! That is all james frey knew in his life, Drugs and Alcohol. At 23 when his body was ready to die out on him he decided to give life a chance and entered this rehab facility where he decided that he could try and change. It wasn't an easy battle at all yet his struggle was so raw you really understood the depth of his addiction and his struggle and understand as he puts his guards down where the source of addiction really came from.  It is an eye opener of a book and still worth reading especially for people who would like to learn more about the world of addiction.
0394401557|5.0|I am very happy with my purchase.  It arrived very quickly and was just as described.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|Gave these dvd's to a friend for Christmas. He loved them. He's a bit of a history buff...all eras, and said that some of the footage in these, blew him away:)
B001EO2UKO|3.0|Disc could not be read / played on certain players.  The CD itself did not have good sound when played.
B001HN6972|5.0|I am just in from having seen The Reader. I read the book 10 years ago so my memory of all the details was a little fuzzy going in, but I can say here that I actually think the movie is better than the book. I don't remember the book having as big an impact on me as the movie.<br />Kate Winslet shines here as a lonely and troubled woman (Hanna) whose bleak existence is briefly interrupted by an affair with a high school boy (Michael). When the affair ends, they seem to go their separate ways only to cross paths again years later under the worst of circumstances. It is truly heartbreaking to see the effects of Hanna's trial on Michael, and the young actor portraying him (David Cross) does a fine job conveying his emotional devastation. In fact all the actors are great; I especially enjoyed seeing Bruno Ganz (Wings of Desire, The Last Days of Chez Nous) as Michael's law school professor. Hanna and Michael's past romance and his difficulty in coming to terms with learning that she was an SS officer, along with her illiteracy are the driving forces behind this film. Ralph Fiennes turns in a thoughtful performance as the adult Michael, now as lonely and troubled as was Hanna when they first met.<br />I need not go on and on with further descriptions of the plot. This film is worth your time and money for the fine acting and the powerful message it delivers about illiteracy and the sins of one generation being visited upon another. My vote for best actress goes to Kate Winslet.<br />When I say the movie is better than the book, remember it is only my opinion; perhaps something was lost in the translation from German to English. This is an outstanding film, the best I have seen in the past year. Do not miss it.
B001ECQ75A|4.0|okay, so when the wife and I finally saw Kung Fu Panda, i had no expectation for it to be as good as the average Pixar joint, but they did a GREAT job on this one! this movie had great design and a well-constructed, family-friendly story of a slacker/dreamer who has to learn to believe in himself and reach his full potential.<br /><br />I'm not all that impressed with the scattered pop-culture humor Dreamworks usually resorts to in their 3d films, but the humour in Kung Fu Panda is tightly packed and focused in the film, with fanboy references that true Kung Fu heads will catch without being a distraction to the chi-impaired.<br /><br />the movie had all-around splendid design, from the character designs (you'll love Angelina Jolie's character, Master Tigress and the elderly turtle sensei Master Oogway)to the soundtrack. the environments were especially well-conceived, and thankfully, so were the fight scenes! the fight scene choreographer was actually trained in Kung Fu, and all the animators got Kung Fu lessons to prepare for the film! and it shows, as the fight scenes are among the best i've ever seen in an american cartoon!<br /><br />the opening sequence and end titles employed 2d animation and were so fabulous it made me wanna see DreamWorks do more 2d joints too! Anyways, please go watch this movie... we need to see more films executed on this level. one of the best films of 2008... COP IT!<br />holla!<br />samax.<br />-ghettoManga.com
031606792X|2.0|So, I'm torn on this book. As I started reading it and getting into the pregnancy and some of the far fetched things that came along with that, I didn't think I could take it. It was just too weird. But I kept going and for the first time in reading the books in the series I found myself skimming because I just thought some of the antagonizing and gory details were just too much. Then after the baby was born and all the way to the end with the meeting the other Vampires and the Volturi, I was intrigued again. I do see others points that it was all wrapped up in a pretty bow and the whole happy ending thing. I'm not sure though if I would have felt differently if it hadn't been a happy ending.     ~ One thing...I wasn't pleased with how Edward and Bella consumated their marriage. I realize this is a young adult book and I wasn't looking for skanky details...I guess I was just hoping for some more romance. And as others have said, I was hoping Bella would turn into a Vampire more romantically by Edward thru a passionate kiss on the neck than with the birth and the gore...but hey...overall...it was a great series and I did enjoy it. It was a juicy diversion.
B0001CNRSE|5.0|I thought the movie created excitement. It was really good and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes rap/hip hop.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|Could not make it to  Las Vegas, but this is the next best way to enjoy and a truly unique musical experience of sight and sound.  Fantastic!
B000MNP2KI|4.0|Anyone who has followed the James Bond series over the last four decades knows that the new Bond has changed... In \\"Casino Royale,\\" 007 do not identify himself with the classic words, \\"Bond. James Bond,\\" and instead of playing Chemin-de-Fer or Craps, he plays Poker and he doesn't care whether his vodka martinis are shaken or stirred nor he drinks a Smirnoff vodka, or a five-star Hennessey, or a Dom P&eacute;rignon'52... He never pauses to take a finger of Caviar... He never enjoys a good cigar and is less preoccupied with matters of sex...<br /><br />But he is a more trained Bond, a cold-hearted killer improvising, modifying, and overcoming, uttering to M in one decisive moment his most significant line, \\"So you want me to be half monk, half hit-man!\\"<br /><br />In taking the part, Daniel Craig completely inhabited the character of the super agent 007... There is something empathetic about him and something human...He so lets you in behind his blue eyes and into his emotional life...<br /><br />His opponent is the villain banker Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen) who tries to get rich in supplying funds for terrorists... To continue doing so, Le Chiffre wants to win back his losses in a no-limit showdown Poker game with $115,000,000 in chips at Casino Royale in Montenegro...<br /><br />Ivana Milicevic plays Le Chiffre's Bosnian bodyguard who nearly eliminates our hero... Valenka is harmful but not pure evil as her boss...<br /><br />Simon Abkarian is the middleman Alex Dimitrios involved with Le Chiffre, who knew where to put his hands on weapons and people who could use them... He works with anyone who has money...<br /><br />The Italian actress Caterina Murino (Solange) reveals her sexy side as the frustrated woman so upset in her marriage...<br /><br />Jeffrey Wright plays the undercover CIA agent Felix Leiter 'bleeding chips at the poker tournament;' and Giancarlo Giannini plays the 'contact' Mathis...<br /><br />Eva Green is Bond's love interest Vesper Lynd... Green and Craig have electric chemistry on screen together... Vesper's character seems ambiguous, impudent and complicated... One night--slumped in the shower fully clothed, radiating inner beauty--her quiet look is capable to melt Bond's cold heart and free his doubtful mind... In another, she disconcerts him with her pretty 'Algerian love knot.'<br /><br />\\"Casino Royale\\" lacks the fundamental technology exhibition which plays an important part in any Bond films... The traditional \\"James Bond Gun Barrel Sequence\\" and the \\"James Bond Theme\\" disappeared... The only thin bit of continuity is Judi Dench's fifth return as the cool, scheming chief Lady M...<br /><br />Directed by Martin Campbell, the movie has it all: spectacular locations from Prague, London, Miami and Nassau-- and amazing actions involving the superb Aston Martin DB5 coupe in a high-speed mountain chase; a rush to stop a fuel tanker at Miami Airport; a combat with an Ugandan terrorist; a pursue in a four-wheel bulldozer; a breathless foot chase across highest cranes; and an unexpected climax in one of the buildings on the canals of Venice...haracter seems ambiguous, impudent and complicated... One night--slumped in the shower fully clothed, radiating inner beauty--her quiet look is capable to melt Bond's cold heart and free his doubtful mind... In another, she disconcerts him with her pretty 'Algerian love knot.'     \\"Casino Royale\\" lacks the fundamental technology exhibition which plays an important part in any Bond films... The traditional \\"James Bond Gun Barrel Sequence\\" and the \\"James Bond Theme\\" disappeared... The only thin bit of continuity is Judi Dench's fifth return as the cool, scheming chief Lady M...    Directed by Martin Campbell, the movie has it all: spectacular locations from Prague, London, Miami and Nassau-- and amazing actions involving the superb Aston Martin DB5 coupe in a high-speed mountain chase; a rush to stop a fuel tanker at Miami Airport; a combat with an Ugandan terrorist; a pursue in a four-wheel bulldozer; a breathless foot chase across highest cranes; and an unexpected climax in one of the buildings on the canals of Venice...
B00005TT77|5.0|[[ASIN:B00005TT77 I Am Sam - Music From and Inspired By the Motion Picture]]My CD was in excellent condition, still wrapped.
B00023B1LC|3.0|Jason Bourne based on the symptoms presenting, is having a conflict unconsciously... He's instructed to go and kill somebody... In the movie, he is given the diagnosis of selective dissociative amnesia...What they did is, they had him forget who he was but they allowed him to continue to remember all the training and the things that he learned over time...<br /><br />Damon's character, Jason, has been trained in self-defense, weapons handling, high-speed driving, disguise, and secret writing communications... He knows that he's very attentive, and very observant...I really enjoyed the scene in the diner when Jason is telling Marie he doesn't know who he is but he knows that he can name the license plates of all six cars outside, and the clothing that people were wearing...<br /><br />Marie's character is very helpful to Bourne's character... Based on his unconscious clash of feelings and what he was doing, and being a killer he would've made strenuous efforts to create a new identity if he didn't have a penchant for love...And it was his development and his journey into finding the power to feel that was a big part of this movie...<br /><br />Jason and Marie's love is a not a classic love...It's definitely a relation of two people who walk next to each other, interact and cross only several times but not all the time...Jason is definitely taken by her, by her forcefulness and her vigor as she's very much alive where he isn't, where he feels lacking any strong emotion... At that point he was still struggling to try to get his memory back...<br /><br />When you see the sequel or the two parts together, it makes sense because evidently Jason is still haunted... He still has nightmares from things he'd endured... While on the contrary, Marie probably is more the active force trying to set up a home for them...He's definitely the one who still feels on the run because he still is under constant restraint...
B0006ZE7G2|5.0|Some parts of this movie might seem a bit sad, but sometimes that's just what you're looking for. Of course the soundtrack is great and if you are familiar with the lyrics you almost feel like you already know the movie, but there are some new things and the animation is great!
B000VWYJ86|3.0|Bourne is seen on the run... A standing kill order has been issued on him effective immediately... All air and ground border exists locked down... Jason is dangerous... He comes back for revenge... He's still an alarming threat until proved otherwise... His girl, Marie Kreutz was shot... Director of Operations Ward Abbott arranged it... Bourne's last confirmed location was Moscow... But the reason Bourne went to Moscow was to see the daughter of his first target... He is retracing his steps... He's looking for something in his past... He knows that something happened to him and he needs to know what it was or he will never be free of this...    He could see the faces of everyone he ever killed... His girlfriend used to try to help him remember their names... Nicolette (Julia Stiles) told him that the Supervising Training Officer, Neil Daniels, said the training was experimental...     \\"Bourne Ultimatum\\" takes us to Berlin, Paris, London, Madrid and Tangier... So if you want to see what culture and filming in the midst of the local populace is all about, you're going get it in this very entertaining thriller...
B000MQC9H4|5.0|This is a darling movie.  I love the content and the settings are fantastic. I have watched it over and over now for last holiday season and this holiday season.  Never get tired of it.
B000W91RUG|4.0|This show is hilarious and contrary to popular belief you do not have to have a PhD in physics to get all the intellectual humor. Shelton and Leonard are the funniest comedy team since Andy and Barney. This is a must see series
0316789704|5.0|This was one of three books as a gift to my 8 year old grandson.  He loves them all.
B001JDGE0C|4.0|If you like Pink, then it is certain you will like this. Good lyrical maturity, though definitely 'R' rated in some spots. Love Amazon download -- inexpensive and easy.
B001AEF6IQ|5.0|Item arrived on schedule and inasmuch as this was a xmas gift, the recipient loved it.
B001GZ6QBU|5.0|If you like this genre, you will like this movie.  Personally, I don't care for it, but it was a gift and the person receiving it thought it was great!  I found the best price on Amazon, plus they discounted it before it was sent, and passed the savings on to me! Just another reason why I do so much shopping on Amazon.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This is the new version of the game, meaning that the cards and tiles have a different picture on them and the water tiles are a different shape than the older version. All the changes are good in my opinion and the new water pieces hold the board together much better than the old one.
B00011F5DK|5.0|This has been an excellent addition to the family collection of games.  I brought it to a large family gathering, and every family ordered Blokus for themselves.
B001EYGOEM|5.0|my 14 year old daughter loves the cd, plays it all the time, i also enjoy the songs
0689859414|5.0|I bought this for my 6 year old son. He can read most words but the font and many of the words are too hard for him. I knew that though when I bought it. He loves reading the parts he can and he sits for hours just looking at the pictures and using his imagination. I look forward to him enjoying this book for many years. It is always something new and fun when he picks it up.
031606792X|5.0|my daughter got the book for Christmas and could not wait to start reading it, she is over half way done with the book, what a great gift to give, the joy of reading.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|The DVDs for Planet Earth were shrink-wrapped for my gift giving.  The set looked complete and in fine form after my friend opened it.  Thanks.
0143112724|5.0|Book was in beautiful (new) condition and delivered promptly.  Very pleased with the purchase.
B001GKJ2E8|1.0|What is Hollywoods fixation on gross for effect scenes only.  The early opening has sex on a desk top for you to watch. My wife ripped the disk out and stomped it to death so that I could not return or resell it. She did not want anyone else to have to see at least that disk.  I saw no value to the scene. Just ignorant film making.
0452289963|1.0|What an awful waste of time! I feel like I have been swindled by the author. This is not new and it is not informative. I think what most people need to do to \\"awaken\\" is to simply take responsibility for their own lives. We don't need a watered down bible to tell us that. In fact, we don't need anything from the bible for a better life or to give us this breakthrough.    Please do yourself a favor and remove this item from your consideration and go for a long walk. It is much healthier and more eye opening. And, if you have purchased this book do what I did after reading it and recycle it rather than passing it on to someone else.
B001KW0C96|4.0|I thought the movie was excelent and it did present a suprise ending that I will not spoil for you.  Our justice system in America is very lacking and this movie has just shown what a lot of us think should happen to some of the outlaws that cointinue to slip through the legal gaps I guess you could call it.  It sure held my attention.  Neither of their best movies but a great job done with what they were given.  I will own it and watch it many more times!
B001GZ6QC4|3.0|The Dark Knight is among my favorite all time films.  Unfortunately, Warner Brothers seemed to put all their effort into the Blu-ray version of the film, which is itself a bit disappointing if its customer reviews are any indication.  Nevertheless, the DVD versions of the film seem like afterthoughts.<br /><br />I originally intended to purchase the Two Disc Special Edition version of The Dark Knight because I purchased that version of [[ASIN:B000BUYP4Q Batman Begins (Two-Disc Special Edition)]] and very much enjoyed the Special Features.  After reading the negative customer reviews of The Dark Knight Special Edition DVD's special features, however, I purchased the single-disc widescreen version of The Dark Knight.  Buyers should note that the single-disc version of The Dark Knight contains no special features whatsoever.<br /><br />The lack of any special features on the single-disc version was a bit of a surprise to me, but not a huge disappointment.  After all, there are Special Edition and Blu-ray versions available.  However, the Blu-ray version's special features were found lacking by a number of reviewers.  Specifically, it lacks a true \\"Making of\\" documentary and lacks in-depth looks at how the stunts were created.<br /><br />The DVD Special Edition has even fewer special features than the Blu-ray version, according to their product descriptions (I do not own multiple versions of this film, so please comment with corrections if I am mistaken).  It has the IMAX scenes presented in their original format, but not as integrated into the movie, as the Blu-ray does.  It also lacks the brief Creation of a Scene featurettes, which were apparently the highlight of the Blu-ray special features.  This led me to conclude that the special features weren't worth their price.  This was true for the Blu-ray format as well, which obviously got more attention than the DVD versions.<br /><br />In summary, this is a great film that has been treated with a mediocre DVD/Blu-ray release.  While I was disappointed at the special features options on the Special Edition DVD and Blu-ray, I am glad to own this excellent film.  Just beware that the film, and not the special features, is about all you're buying in any of its versions.
B00006879E|4.0|A really good group but you have to ask yourself...\\"is it still worth buying CDs in this day and age?\\"
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|I love the music of Enya. This is definitely up to the standard.  Haunting and beautiful.
B000V86OKG|5.0|I got the first season for Christmas, and I had never seen the show. I read the book a while back and thought I'd give the show a try. Turns out, it's by far one of my most favorite shows to watch, and with the season ended, I don't know what to do with myself until the fourth season starts!!! 2nd season is by far the BEST season....
B00004WKII|5.0|plenty of never heard before stuff and really fun to listen to.you can hear Jmi flying around and UFO'S dropping themselves Laufing and playing and after all isn't thats what its all about?
B000V86OKG|5.0|Everyone who had heard of Dexter wanted this DVD. I think Dexter is the best show on TV. It loses something when it's edited for broadcast TV.  If you haven't seen it, buy this & you'll be hooked. Enjoy !@!
B00064AM6C|5.0|Sorry it took me so long to write a review, dvd came within the week, and was in excellent condition. Little tears on top of box, but otherwise just fine.  I really appreciate the item, my husband loved it. He is a big White Stripes fine. Thanks for sending it so quickly!
B000Q66PXE|5.0|Rome is very detailed in everyway. This series has captured what we know in history and filled in the blanks. Very interesting! Although definitely not for the kids! Its very graphic! The sex can be more then I signed up for sometimes. It also has very graphic violence which I expected. The story line is wonderful, which is what has me coming back all the time.
020161622X|5.0|This book is an absolute must-have for any software developer worth his/her salary or billable hours.    \\"The Pragmatic Programmer\\" is filled with everyday scenarios and advice that  any developer can begin to apply the first workday after beginning this book.    It is definitely a purchase you won't regret.
B000UJ48WC|4.0|We've all seen this one, know the lines, and you likely have this on VHS and DVD.    That being said; a really good Blu-ray transfer. Shelly Long and that hideaous gaping maw of a mouth has NEVER looked so repulsive. Her giant piano key teeth really pop out during the beginning of this movie. It was the first thing my fiance and I noticed.    Jack Nicholson looks just that much crazier in hi-def. If you like the original film/DVD/VHS this is worthy of your Blu-ray collection.     On a side note - the TV mini-series movie thing is also on DVD. In my opinion it is far superior to Kubrick's rendition of the shining any day. You'll know exactly what I mean if you've read the book. Get this one on Blu-ray and also purchase:    \\"Stephen King's The Shining (Two Disc Special Edition) (1997)\\"    Use the above text in a search on Amazon, it's only $7.50 - you won't be dissapointed!
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|Ordered this CD for my wife. She loved it. It was a beautiful selection of songs.
0930289234|5.0|I've read this book a couple years ago and have recently re-reead it when I heard the movie was coming out.  This book really might be the greatest story ever told in the graphic novel medium.  AMAZING!!!
0385491026|4.0|I really loved the part of the book that delves into Elaine's childhood & the abuse she suffers at the hands of her \\"friends\\"; I thought it was very convincing and realistic.  Anyone who's been the victim of any kind of abuse (whether in their childhood or adulthood) will be able to relate; it is heartbreaking.     I found it a tad boring once Elaine grew up; I've read 3 books by Atwood so far, and in 2 out of 3 of them, the adult characters bored me to tears.  In this book I found the descriptions of the various artwork (done by Elaine and her friends) way too detailed.  Maybe if I were an artist myself I would have been more interested.  It just seemed overdone to me, and like she was trying too hard to be deep and \\"abstract\\" or something.  Luckily, the rest of the book greatly compensated for this, in my opinion.      Atwood's writing style is beautiful and poetic.  I'm definitely not easily pleased with most books, but this one's a winner!  My sister loved it too!
0545128285|5.0|my son loved all the Harry Potter books and he enjoyed this one as well
140120841X|5.0|I loooove this Graphic Novel, I decided to purchase it after watching the movie, and although it is very different from the movie, it is still quite interesting.  I read this book in one day!
1591841666|4.0|When I was young, I rarely read anything. Even all the way through school when I had book reports to do, I never read the entire book. I had no motivation, no mentor sharing with me the importance of reading, and basically always found other things to do. But as I've grown, matured, gained in wisdom, I've found that reading is one of the most important things you can do to grow as a person.     The most recent book I've completed is Seth Godin's \\"The Dip\\". It's a small book, at only 80 pages long, so it was a really quick read. Seth explains the three different paths to all decisions: The Dip, The \\"Cul-de-sac\\" and the Cliff.     While I was reading the book, I keep thinking to myself, this is all \\"duh\\" material (stuff we should all already know), but then I found myself highlighting more & more statements that stood out for me.    The book is about how it's alright to quit something when you realize that the end result isn't going to be the right outcome for you, your family, your career. Seth shares that it's alright to quit, and that the old saying \\"Winners never quit\\" is the wrong way to think.    The AHA! moment for me in the book was when Seth told about how you should determine, up front, all the things that would cause you to quit something---before you ever start---and then hold to these items and not let other issues hinder your path (i.e., because it's hard, because you're tired, etc.).    In the end, it's a book I wish someone would have encouraged me to read soon after graduating from high school.
B001GQSY5K|5.0|It is a great movie and my son enjoys it.  So far we have had no problems with the DVD.
B001GZ6QBU|5.0|Awesome movie! If you haven't seen it, please watch \\"Batman Begins\\" first. You'll understand where Batman got his beginnings and get to see the Scarecrow in action. LOVED Heath Ledger at The Joker! Miss him :0(
B0015DWJX2|5.0|The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was an absolute joy.  Wonderful story.  Hate to be cliche but made me laugh and cry.  Smiling at the end.  Sometimes thats all you need.
B001DXS4E2|5.0|This product was a gift for my 81 yr old Father.  It arrived early, he saw it and was tickled pink.. Thank you
B000E1YVZU|3.0|Many reviewers have identified various weaknesses in the film version of Rent.  These include overacting and lack of character development among the 8 primary characters. There are multiple plot lines that are more superficial than genuinely presented and fully developed as three dimensional characters rather than stereotypes.     And yet the translation from stage to screen was visually successful since stage-like settings were retained so that the film retained a feeling of a stage production. However, when the cameras come in close, the acting needs to be refined and toned down, which did not occur here. In fact, the boisterous overacting, over singing, could almost overpower a viewer since the cameras were too close to the actors, making them frighteningly loud and over-done.  This may seem like an odd comparison but The Sound of Music, when translated from stage to screen, toned down intimate numbers and conversations so as to try to capture some sense of realism (in a highly unrealistic optimistic overly sweet film).  The Sound of Music retained a sense of intimacy in many of the musical numbers, whereas Rent blasts you with every number, despite the emotional content. The overstatement that worked on the stage worked against the film with the exception of a sexy song, Light My Candle, which the characters Mimi and Roger played appropriately to the medium and the message.     Beside the translation from stage to screen, the film also had the problem of trying to reflect a point in the AIDS epidemic where the first medicines were appearing, for example AZT, but the efficacy of the medicines were limited. This period of time, 1988, was just prior to the protease inhibitor miracle of 1991-1995 when so many deaths were avoided and the life span of infected persons dramatically increased. Thus the film reflects a point in historic time in an epidemic that rapidly changed. Why should this detract?  After all, La Boheime is about a prostitute dying of tuberculosis. Distance makes the difference. We are not really able yet to understand and reflect upon the various stages of the AIDS epidemic and how various stages may have impacted person's perceptions of life and death, fatality and hedonism. This would mean that with time the film and stage production would actually improve so that future viewers were be able to say \\"so that is what it was like on AZT in 1988.\\"
B000AYEL6U|4.0|Other reviewers set my expectations very high by comparing this series with Pride and Prejudice, so I was a little disappointed. Had I not expected Pride and Prejudice or better, I wouldn't have been disappointed at all. The acting is great but I wasn't crazy about the actress playing Margaret, I couldn't detect much emotion on her face, mostly that same blank stare she keeps through the whole thing. My main problem with it are all the changes from the book, I guess they ran out of time and a at some points the story gets disjointed and some parts do not make sense to me. I read the book after watching the series which helped a lot making sense of the whole thing, I wished they had not changed the story so much from the original.<br />If I compared this to Pride and Prejudice I would only give it 2.5 stars, P&B was much closer to the book and the story and characters more developed, Jane Austen's wit is far superior in my opinion as well. By itself, I'll give it a 4 since I love those period series and the DVD was good enough to get me to read the book.
0060794410|5.0|I read the book a while back and was surprised to find parallels to what my dad and uncle (partners in a small business) experienced in the late 70s/early 80s. I knew they did something special, but it was especially gratifying to see it documented and quasi-proven with multiple industry observations on larger scales. I purchased the CD media so that my dad could enjoy it as well.
B001ACH4DS|5.0|I like the album. The music is diverse. Shows his \\"rock\\" style, but also demonstrates the quality of his voice.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Was a Christmas gift and arrived on time and has not been watched as yet.
0890090572|5.0|Some folks like Bond, but I like Holmes.  I think the whole point of Holmes existence is to show us how unobservant we are of the world that's around us.  If we simply paid attention to things, we could all be like Holmes.  But alas, we do not.<br /><br />There are some great stories in this collection, but I'm particularly fond of the Adventure of the Norwood Builder because it strongly emphasizes the statement I've made above.  I also like the Mycoft Holmes story, not because of the violent adventure, but because Mycroft's character is just as fascinating as the character of Holmes.  Talk about a gifted family.<br /><br />Doyle might be in my opinion the greatest writer of all time.  Not only does he do an amazing job establishing character, he also constructs some of the most well-thought-out plots you'll find anywhere.  And there's such hilarity in his stories too!<br /><br />The illustrations are amazing enough to do justice to the stories as well.  I lost this book in a flood, but I think if I ever want to go back to Holmes, no other book but this will do.  I'm sure the pictures play a part in this conviction.
B001DPHDCY|2.0|I did not find this film very captivating, infact I fell asleep in the middle. I think a child would find it a bit slow moving.
045122499X|5.0|This is the sequal to Pillars of the Earth.  I was looking forward to reading this book.  Exciting, interesting and it provided many hours of reading.  Learning about history and the making is fun and a good way to pass time.  Ken Follett keeps you reading unitl you find you are at the end of the book and still wanting to learn more.
B001GJ1QQG|5.0|Why isn't Anastasia played in the USA?  She is soulful and wonderful to listen to.  I'm glad I caught her talents in the recent televised Global Music Awards.  She's an American talent who is big in Europe and Asia.  She should be heard here in the USA.
0956010903|5.0|This was a Christmas gift for my 17 year old, self-confessed Harry Potter fanatic son - he even has tattoos of the dark mark and the deathly hallows symbol. He rated this collector's edition book THE BEST GIFT EVER and shows it off to everyone who visits. A beautiful, quality product that will be loved and cherished forever. Well done Amazon, well done J. K. Rowling.
0385336950|5.0|This book is about a priest sitting by his dying friend, who happens to be a Shaman.  Much of the book is set in Alaska during World War II.  The main character is about a young man who was disposed of balloon bombs during the war. It turns out this really did happen, though I had never heard about this fascinating part of our history.  It is hard to explain the book really and it isn't the type that I usually read. I was afraid I'd be turned off by the war setting because that really isn't my thing but I LOOOVVVEEDD this book.  It is moving, dramatic, and was one of the best books I've read in a while. To me, this book deserves 5 stars.
0321544080|4.0|Highly entertaining and really opened my eyes to how much work goes into creating a great photograph.
0156030209|5.0|I found this book a few years ago, and it quickly became one of my favorite. I have since given this gook to many friends, and with the prices on Amazon, that's really easy to do. The book came quickly and in perfect condition.   I recommend this book to anyone and everyone, as it gives wonderful insight about politics, reigion, humanity, survival, and what it means to really be living. As simply entertaining as it is, you can read it many times finding new hidden meanings each time.
0679805273|5.0|This product was sent to me in perfect shape. I am very happy with the product because the shipping was very fast also.
B001GZ6QBU|5.0|This movie is loved by all in my family. They have watched several times now.
B000N6TX1S|4.0|This is an intriguing film that has you going one way, and then turns you around the other way. As the film goes on it is bloody and horrible how the fugees are treated.     I would suggest watching the short interview film under features before watching the movie. That will give you more of a sense of what the film is about and it helped in my understanding. I was not going to necessarily watch this film again because of the violence but after seeing the interviews, I will watch it again in a new light... a new beginning.    Jackie
B000H6SXMY|5.0|Thank you for your reasonably priced set of the complete Friends series.  I have two daughters who have loved this series and am glad to be able to give them the complete set.
0061537934|5.0|This riveting story kept me reading nonstop.  Imaginatively told with astonishing clarity from the point of view of a dog, the insight into the topics covered lent authenticity and depth.  Although I'm not really a fan of auto racing, I was drawn to the subject in a way that I would not have known possible.  I will most definitely look for more to read from this author.  My husband relished it as much as I, and I bought two copies to give as Christmas gifts to family members.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|Received for my granddaughter for Christmas.  Received in plenty of time for gift giving.  Thank you.
1438242816|5.0|After seeing a number of adaptations, I finally decided to read all of<br />Austen's novels.  Northanger Abbey was not bad, and Sense and Sensibility<br />is excellent.  However, this is the best so far.  While there is a lot of<br />insightful comment on the custom of English society of the time, and<br />discussion of the character's motivation, the book just sparkles during<br />the interchanges between them.  While those between Elizabeth<br />and Mr. Darcy are justifiably famous, I would say that many of the others<br />are at the same level.  My favorite are perhaps the interchanges between<br />Lady Catherine and Elizabeth.  I am very much looking forward to reading<br />the remaining three completed novels.
0545128285|5.0|My kids recieved books for Christmas, this being one of many. They are nuts about Harry Potter and I am being told this is just as good! It is a short, quick read book, for weekend reading.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|The DVD came quickly and was a good price.  I enjoyed the movie which had a story with in a story.  The roach was a character that says they can survive anything.  Wall-E is worth seeing - child or adult.
031606792X|5.0|This is probably one of the best series I've read in quite some time.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone over the age of 13... & I have!  Meyer really out did herself!
B000X5SPBI|5.0|This DVD set is awesome. i love Supernatural and i am delighted to have purchased it.
B001ECQ75A|4.0|This was a great animated movie. My 2 year old loves it and there is not too much fighting. You can understand the characters and it is loaded with humor both for adults and kids. Good plot.
B000053GTF|5.0|DVD was \\"Fantastic\\" ......... Only what a person would expect from a Woman of Song like Celine ........
B00004SVIK|5.0|Fantastic DVD and box set with Audion discs too Highly recommended to David Gilmour fans also probably the last televised concert with Rick Wright: R.I.P Rick..    Liam O'Malley, Stockholm, Sweden
B000FQJAIW|5.0|This movie, and the other part of the trilogy, as well, are the best of Lucas Film.<br /><br />This time the movie was re-edited and digital improvement helping you to see in the new format of DVD and TV.<br /><br />I bought this one and the other of the trilogy to have all the original in my house... and because now are seeing them by my son.
B0019FOC5E|4.0|Splendid except for the fact that it did not contain \\"Thank you for the music\\"
B000HEWEDK|5.0|I admit, I've been spoiled by Star Trek and Next Generation. I just had to<br />take another look at my old favorites.  I don't remember the actors but I<br />do remember Robby, the robot. He's one of a kind.  Liked all the special<br />effects of the Krell Power Station. I was hopping for for another movie<br />with Robby. But I had to wait for Lost IN Space to come along to get my wish.  Movie is worth the money. I passed my copy onto my son for Christ-<br />mas. Theme is timeless and the acting is pretty good. Maybe a modern<br />version will come out? But the old version will do for now!
B000002GB4|5.0|WHAT CAN I SAY !!  I absolutely love anything done by STYX.. this particular collection of songs are great.  Dennis deYoung is brilliant and I'm sad that he is no longer part of the band..
B000000H66|5.0|This shows the more progressive side of Death in their later years.  This is the album where Chuck Schuldiner decided to go into a different vocal direction with a higher pitched growl rather than the lower end gutteral vocals.  Every song is impressive in it's musicianship and each song is unpredictible with speed and riff changes, yet still very easy to remember.  This is one of my all time favorite metal albums with one of my all time favorite drummers.  If you want an awesome progressive death metal album, check this masterpiece out.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Wall-E will win for Best Animated Feature, but truly deserves a Best Picture nomination as well.  The film and story are crafted and executed better than 99.9% of the \\"real\\" movies out there.    How many words does Wall-E say?  3 I think... his name, Eve's name and \\"directive\\"
B001GKYBXA|5.0|The vastly under-rated Chaos and Confusion in the Backyard (accompanied by a shameful lack of promotion by the moribund Capital Records) and classic pop of Memory Almost Full revealed to us that Paul was still capable of churning out melodic pop and rock of the highest order. Both of these CDs showed us that Paulie still had lead in his pencil. So to speak.<br /><br />Neither disc - nor the excellent, tear inducing Ecce Cor Meum - has prepared us for the revitalized, revivified, and completely re-invented McCartney who teams with Youth to produce this masterpiece.<br /><br />It is no slight to McCartney to suggest that the only other pop artist who has risen Phoenix-like over the course of his seventh decade is Dylan. And it's no mere coincidence that Dylan himself admitted to Rolling Stone that the only other artist he was truly envirous of, is McCartney. \\"Man\\" said Dylan \\"he can do it all\\".<br /><br />Indeed he can.  Or so it seems. Has any other artist brought as much joy to as many people throughout the world for as long a period of time? I don't think so. The reason why we all shed a tear at hearing \\"The End of the End\\" on Memory Almost Full was precisely for that reason - McCartney has been so thoroughly and completely woven into the fabric of our lives that it is almost impossible to imagine a time when we will not have the opportunity to hear a new McCartney song. Even more shocking, following the divorce of his marriage to Heather Mills, was the thought that we might never hear a new McCartney LOVE song.  (Who among us was not shocked to see how haggard and weary Paul looked towards the end of that debacle? Would Paul ever open his heart again, and risk such hurt?)<br /><br />Foolish thoughts. Still,  we contented ourselves with hearing whatever came along. Admittedly, some of the material has been rather banal. (I'm not about to list the man's sins. As George Bush Sr. recently said, \\"you can look them up on your Google\\"). But it should be noted - hell, it should be yelled from the rooftops, that Electric Arguments is not one of them. In fact, while not his greatest album (BOTR), Electric Arguments may in fact be McCartney's greatest triumph.<br /><br />New, yet famiiiar. Strong in voice, yet fragility that reflects his years. Energetic, energetic, energetic. Oh yea, did I say it was energetic? And joyous. Full of happiness, love, joy, and love.<br /><br />Thanks Paul.  Thanks for the decades of music. Thanks for showing our generation - you know who we are - the meaning of love, and the fullest expression of love in your music. (Here again, I must reference Ecce Cor Meum, although it could also be said of Lifelong Passion on Electric Arguments)<br /><br />So - The Fireman has come in from the pouring rain. And yes, it is a little strange. But in the best possible sense. This music, is new.ps, that Electric Arguments is not one of them. In fact, while not his greatest album (BOTR), Electric Arguments may in fact be McCartney's greatest triumph.    New, yet famiiiar. Strong in voice, yet fragility that reflects his years. Energetic, energetic, energetic. Oh yea, did I say it was energetic? And joyous. Full of happiness, love, joy, and love.    Thanks Paul.  Thanks for the decades of music. Thanks for showing our generation - you know who we are - the meaning of love, and the fullest expression of love in your music. (Here again, I must reference Ecce Cor Meum, although it could also be said of Lifelong Passion on Electric Arguments)    So - The Fireman has come in from the pouring rain. And yes, it is a little strange. But in the best possible sense. This music, is new.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|Heath Ledger gives the best performance I've ever seen in this movie.  Absolutely incredible.  The movie is ok, but no question, well worth watching for Ledger's performance.
031606792X|5.0|I laughed, I cried, I cheered. It's the epitome of a truly happy ending, and there's nothing wrong with that. Everything is as it should be, at least it's how I would want it if I were Bella. I will definitely be reading this entire saga over and over again.    Here's to hoping Meyer can give us some more Edward in the future. Would love to read more of Bella's adventures with her true love, Edward. Also wouldn't mind reading more about Alice.
031606792X|5.0|This book wasn't quite as good as the other ones, but still a great ending to the series and I loved every part!
B00005UW7G|3.0|It had everything to become a memorable performance, but the sound spoiled it all. After all what matters most to me is music. Very disappointed!
B0011UF79C|4.0|This is a great movie. I have seen it several times. I use it when I teach my genetics unit and the students really like it, because of its modern ators/actresses and its twisting plot.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|The extras make it worth the money.  Commentary The Musical is hilarious!  I want to note that although it says DVD-R, I'm pretty sure I have a real DVD, it is silver on the bottom and there is text in the unwritable section of the disc.  It says DVD and nothing on the disc or box indicates otherwise!
0375707972|5.0|When young Michael Berg meets Hanna, she is more than twice his age, but in spite of this they soon become involved in what many would call an inappropriate love affair.  Their's is an unusual relationship, with Berg reading to Hanna each day before making love.  While Hanna is clearly keeping secrets, Berg willing overlooks them.  Eventually, Berg develops other friendships and feels the need to move on in his life, and one day Hanna simply vanishes.<br /><br />When Berg next sees Hanna, she is on trial for war crimes she allegedly committed as a Nazi during the Second World War.  Berg watches her trial unfold and puzzles over Hanna's behavior.  Eventually, he solves the riddle of Hanna's secrets, but can't save her from a life sentence in prison.<br /><br />The ending is a bit of a surprise, and raises powerful questions of moral responsibility.  Berg loved Hanna, in his way, but distanced himself from her.  In the end, he's left wondering how his actions impacted Hanna and her life.  This was a quick read, especially for a translation, with prose that was rich with vivid imagery.  A wonderful book that will leave the reader with much to ponder.
B000AGTPUK|5.0|Product was in 100% good condition, arrived timely.  Awesome movie, a must see for all - young and old.
B001KZG99A|4.0|this was worth it at 99 cents all movies on here should be 99 cents for 24 hour rental period
B000VPUIA6|5.0|Product was in excellant condition and came really fast.  It was a gift.  My brother loved it!!!
B001IWO870|5.0|I bought this book for a Christmas present and quickly received it packaged well and in perfect condition. I would highly recommend buying from them.
B000077VPU|5.0|If you like good music, and you specially like queen, you MUST get this concert. All famous people were there, from Metallica's singer, through Robert Plant, to of course Brian May, Roger Taylor and John Deacon.
0060920432|4.0|I just wanted to say the book I recieved was in great condition, and it came on time, I am very happy with the service, and do recommend the seller.
B000008OKU|5.0|Great CD, I think one of the best of the Rolling Stones! I received the CD very quickly and in good shape. Thank you Amazon for all of the products that you provide!
B000FBGBPC|4.0|This album's different from 3DG's self-titled work, but make no mistake, the sound is uniquely Adam Gontier & Co.    The album bursts right into your face with the harmonically rich \\"It's All Over\\" (a contrast to the simpler chords in older songs such as \\"Just Like You\\").  The similar song \\"Pain\\" follows, and then the summit track \\"Animal I Have Become\\".  Right after is the hit single, the softer, somewhat inspiring \\"Never Too Late\\".  More inspiration follows in the appropriately riotous \\"Riot\\".    The album turns dark with \\"Get Out Alive\\", but then brightens up a bit with the string quartet-backed \\"Over and Over\\" (a song about Adam's drug addiction), and a couple of fusions of 3DG's traditional style with a punk-anthem theme, something that I find pretty unique.    Overall, this album's definitely rock-solid, and a valuable buy for anybody who liked the self-titled, or albums by similar bands such as The Exies and Trust Company.
B000I1QNRU|5.0|The seller was extremely helpful in working with me that the purchase woudl be reiceved on time.
B001GKJ2FM|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater and loved it, but enjoyed it even more at home.  Smart, witty, beautifully scenic and brilliantly acted.    Meryl Streep amazing, Christine Biranski and Julie Walters sheer delights as the girlfriends.  Excellent casting and highly enjoyable.  Great charisma.    The men, gorgeous to look at, but not singers, so be prepared, made it all the more enjoyable and realistic.  Where else can you feast your eyes on Colin Firth and Pierce Brosnan together, every woman's dream. Watch the credits, a really good time.    The youngsters, wonderfully talented but the adults delightfully steal the show.    A really enjoyable experience all around, of course ABBA being the \\"Winner That Takes It All.\\"
1400063515|2.0|I expected something different and I found the essay style hard to digest. I think readers might get a better deal if they read \\"Extraordinary Illusions and Madness of the Crowds\\", Irrational Exuberance\\" or \\"When Genius Failed\\".
B000P12LWY|5.0|I had The Tudors on my wish list for sometime and finally ordered it. I watched the whole 1st season in 2 sittings it was that good. I don't understand the people who did not like The Tudors because it was not historically correct, So what! It's entertainment people!! It truely entertained me. I found myself thinking about it well after watching it. I put the second season on pre-order and it should be here today or tomorrow. I know I'm going to tear into it right away. The only problem is once I finish the 2nd season, I will have a LONG wait for the 3rd.
B001EO2UKO|3.0|This CD has some very good songs, and is enjoyable but I rate music as for how long I can listen to it before getting bored.   My favorites I can play over and over, but Dido sounds too much the same after a few plays.
B00011F5DK|5.0|I bought this for my 10 year old grandchild and the adults were waiting to all have a chance to play.  It really makes you think and plan ahead.  This is the best game I've played in a long time!
B00004XPPE|1.0|Yikes.  Rubbish.  This movie was very disjointed.  Didn't flow well together.  Walther Matthau was poor (didn't seem to fit the role and his acting seemed to be rather wooden and uninspired).  I'd DEFINITELY recommend you check out this DVD from your local library system before buying it.  I'm glad I didn't shell out any money to see it.
B001DJ7PQ4|4.0|Dr. Who is a family program about a time traveling humanitarian who would do anything to save the lives of innocent people. He's a superhero -- who's primary power is his intellect.  He may sound like the product of one too many after-school specials, but the show is a lot of fun. In the first series since 2005, the audience was introduced to the Doctor. Series 2 found the show trying to regain its momentum after Christopher Eccleston left the lead role. And in series 3, David Tennant erased any memory whatsoever of Christopher Eccleston. Three was the series in which David became the Doctor for me. But I digress.     What about series 4? It turns out to be David's swan song. Late last year, Tennant announced that he wouldn't be returning to the role. He's committed to several specials this year and that's it. But take heart, we have the series 4 DVD to remember him by. Fans will buy it regardless. So I'll go easy on the hype.     Series 4 is the most consistently good of all the series. Though Partners in Crime was a yawner for me, all the other episodes were topnotch. Particularly good were the Fires of Pompeii and Planet of the Ood. The latter should be commended for denoucing the horror of slavery in a non-preachy way. Thats not easy to do when you're writing a family show.    My favorites of the year, though, were Silence in the Library/Forest of the Dead and Midnight. The former was written by Steve Moffat. Need I say more? The latter by former showrunner Russell T. Davies. Its beyond good. Davies can be campy. But this time he used the show as a commentary on the dark side of human nature.  It was even better than the series finale which wrapped up his tenure on the show.    If you enjoy family entertainment or wants something fun for the kids to watch -- buy this dvd.
B001C08RHA|5.0|Ironman is a fantastic movie.  The action starts at the beginning of the movie and continues throughout the entire movie.  The special effects are awesome!  My husband and I have watched this movie at least 3 times and have shown the movie to numerous friends who in turn have purchased it as well.  Robert Downey, Jr. is a perfect match for this character.  I can't wait until another one comes out.
B0002HYC8C|5.0|Sturdy, easy to assemble toy.  The 5 year old was very impressed that it actually floats - his other arks always sank, [[ASIN:B0002HYC8C Playmobil Noah's Ark (3255)]]much to his disappointment.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|Lots of hype that for once lives up to every bit of it.  See it many times.
B000FVNX2Q|5.0|I am planning for CFA exam and the HP calculator is really easy to learn and i found it very useful in my daily investment activities.
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|Typical Enya: sweet, crystal, spiritual and uplifting. You can literally feel in your heart, touch with your senses the joy of CHRIST-mas with this one! Thank you!
B000MR9D5E|1.0|The DVD has a hard time playing in Belgium (zone problems) (maybe also in the rest of Europe). If its a UK product why the hell do we have these zone problems.     If I pay for something just send me a working product, and all this commercial zone crap should not be of my concern.
0345479092|5.0|My husband and I received this book as a hand-me-down from a friend.  My first thought was, \\"Oh jeesh, isnt this campy!\\"  Of all the books we read and tried to apply, however, it was the only one that really \\"worked\\" for us.  And it is short!    Hoagg is the most level-headed and even keeled advisor I have found.  She is truly non-judgemental and provides seriously effective, grass-roots advice for parents.  We found it hard to believe until we tried her suggestions and they worked like a charm every time.  No book has ever been written for \\"your\\" specific child, but this one is the most unassuming and contains the most flexible and generally applicable information I have seen.      If you are radical in any aspect of your child rearing ideologies, you will probably dislike this book because it is not.  There are no favorites here except flexibility.  Ms. Hoagg does not mess around with fads, fashions, and band wagons.  She teaches you to watch and respond to YOUR child.  You are not meant to use this book as a manual, but rather as a guide, which you modify to fit your specific needs (it gives you the basic principles).      We constantly have friends and colleagues asking us how we managed to get such an \\"easy\\" child; HA!  If you read this book, you will literally understand the secret to EASY.  This book is one of the best new mommy secrets I can share. I am now purchasing the toddler version to assist with potty training.   Good luck!!
B001CDLATE|1.0|What I saw of it was wonderful, but locks up and would barely load.    You can take your chances if you like, but there are other similar reviews.    My copy is going back.    Update: Some have installed firmware v13 and reported that Baraka plays properly, but I have not yet seen an official release of v13 on the sony firmware download page.
B001GQ2TGA|3.0|This was somewhat disappointing - have about all Enya's CD's - not finding anything in this album except recycled bits of melody and rhythms from previous albums.
B001DHXT20|3.0|I am one of the few people who thought that Ang Lee's Hulk was a brilliant film that transcended traditional super hero films. The 2008 Hulk is 6% higher on Rotten Tomatoes than Lee's effort and made just slightly more money but the general consensus seems to be that it is a significantly better representation of the Hulk. I humbly disagree.<br /><br />The film starts off well enough with David Banner working at a bottling plant in South America. He spends his spare time training himself to control his heart rate. Apparently The Hulk is unleashed when he reaches the dreaded 200 BPM. Seems like a pretty high threshold but you'd be surprised out how often Banner gets up there. While fixing a machine switch Banner manages to slice his hand and several drops of blood drop onto the production line causing Banner to run down and stop the conveyor belt. He wipes off the blood but fails to notice that one drop made it into a bottle. The viewer gets to watch the bottle sealed and shipped where an unsuspecting Stan Lee pops it open, takes a swig and... what... dies??? I'm not sure. He just drops to the ground. It turns out this entire sequence was useless filler and this is one of my great problems with the film. Why so much filler in a film that clocks in at less than 2 hours.<br /><br />My next issue is with casting. William Hurt is a great actor and he has the look of Gen. `Thunderbolt' Ross down but Hurt has such a calming voice and relaxed demeanor it just doesn't fit the character. Sam Elliot was perfect. I also miss Jennifer Connelly as Betty Ross. Edward Norton does a fine job as David Banner and I always enjoy Tim Roth except that he's British and Emil Blonsky was Russian.<br /><br />So after his cover is blown Banner makes his way back to the states setting up perhaps the best scene in the movie when Betty Ross spots Banner for half a second in a diner. It really was well done. Unfortunately it's spoiled when Betty walks outside and the audience sees Banner cowering behind a dumpster. In the next scene Banner is walking down a road and Betty pulls up in a car so the impact of the diner scene is completely spoiled.<br /><br />At this point the movie finds its raison d'Etre, the repeated encounters between Banner and Blonsky. So the Army manages to locate Banner and launches a full scale assault prompting the Hulk to appear. Despite there being at least a dozen or so military vehicles Betty Ross magically knows that one contains her father and blocks its path. Meanwhile Blonsky has had a small dose of the same formula that created The Hulk and dances around dodging the Green Goliaths attacks like a Mexican jumping bean. Long story short, Hulk smashes puny army men. Blonsky stands right in front of the Hulk taunting him with, `Is that all you've got' prompting the Hulk to punt him like a football. Why would Blonsky do something so retarded? Because later we get to see his incredible healing powers, in other words because it's in the script.<br /><br />More filler including a long sequence that stretches back to the beginning of the film where Banner tries to find a cure. It goes nowhere but sets up the big finale. Banner is captured and to my utter bewilderment is taken away in an army helicopter awake and unshackled. Why would they leave Banner unrestrained with Betty Ross? Seems like it would be a rather tense situation for Banner, he might even get angry and you wouldn't want to see him angry. Elsewhere Blosnky gets a full dose of Gamma radiation and goes into full Abomination, wreaking havoc on a busy city street. Aha, Banner needed to be free so he could fight Blonsky. Now THAT is some lazy scripting.<br /><br />Hulk try to save puny humans by smashing ugly Abomination while Betty and the General stand there slackjawwed like a couple of country yokels. I mean seriously. Blonsky wants to kill the General and The Hulk has to work hard to protect them because the Ross's are too dumb to flee. As a final insult to the viewing audience The Hulk is about ready to finish off Blonsky when Betty asks him to stop. With his job done the Hulk bounds off into the sunset. At this point I assume the Abomination then wakes up and finishes off the city.<br /><br />This movie really insulted my intelligence. The scripting is silly. I much preferred the look of the Hulk in the first movie rather than this hyper ripped Hulk. Most of the fight scenes are very dark particularly the excessively long finale versus The Abomination. I like the fact that they kept the Hulk's size consistent and the scene of the Hulk roaring in fury at thunder was classic but I stand in the vast minority who thinks this movie pales in comparison to Ang Lee's version.ience The Hulk is about ready to finish off Blonsky when Betty asks him to stop. With his job done the Hulk bounds off into the sunset. At this point I assume the Abomination then wakes up and finishes off the city.<br /><br />This movie really insulted my intelligence. The scripting is silly. I much preferred the look of the Hulk in the first movie rather than this hyper ripped Hulk. Most of the fight scenes are very dark particularly the excessively long finale versus The Abomination. I like the fact that they kept the Hulk's size consistent and the scene of the Hulk roaring in fury at thunder was classic but I stand in the vast minority who thinks this movie pales in comparison to Ang Lee's version.
1591841666|4.0|I found this book to be a pretty good self-check catalyst.  It won't answer questions for you, but will show you what questions to ask yourself.
B000005J56|5.0|The two CDs recently purchased featuring the Buena Vista Social Club of Cuba are among my favourites.  The opening number, Chan Chan, has a hypnotic rhythm which makes me want to play it over and over.  The musicians who feature on this CD are outstanding.  Ibrahim Ferrer (now deceased) had a voice like dripping honey.    It was just greatly fortuitous that Ry Cooder managed to track these people down in Cuba and record a number of CDs with them before several passed away.    Listen to the sample tracks and decide for yourselves!
B000002I55|5.0|Everything was as described and shipped quickly.  My boyfriend loves jazz music and was very excited to receive this gift and expand his jazz collection.
B001EOQWF8|5.0|Just finished watching the Blu-Ray version of Wall-E and I have to say ... \\"WOW!\\"    Cartoons and animated movies like Disney's Cars and Wall-E REALLY shine in Blu-Ray and I really think that if you saw Wall-E or Cars in high def and didn't think or say \\"WOW\\" when you saw the picture and how clear and crisp it was then the whole high def experience is lost on you.    As far as the film goes ... I LOVED IT!  This, in my opinion, will become a true Disney classic!  I think this movie is appealing to all members of your family whether your 8, 18, 48, or 88.  It is cute, heartwarming, and despite the lack of speech on the part of the two main characters the movie is very funny!    This is the epitome of a \\"family film\\" and there is absolutely NO reason why anyone should not see or not be allowed to see this film.    So, if you're looking for a family film or even if your just looking for a good funny movie Wall-E is a distinct possibility for the evening!    ALSO, if you're looking to have your HI-DEF put into use ... pick up the Blu-Ray version, dim the lights, and have a \\"WOW\\" or two ready!
B000WGWQG8|1.0|I never received the DVD series.  The seller never followed through on shipping my item.  The seller was seemybooks2.  I would not recommend nor purchase from then again!
B001IF3LYS|1.0|Was surprised and disappointed to find out that the DVD was not High School Musical 3- Just a promo. My granddaughter was also disappointed. Thanks ,Rob[[ASIN:B001NY42KQ High School Musical 3: Senior Year (Extended Edition)]]
B000PMFTDQ|5.0|I have several recordings of the Four Last Songs and Jessye Normans' is, by far, the most moving.  Her gorgeous voice triumphs over any technical difficulty and the music speaks with its own intensity.
B0007TKH66|5.0|Even better the second time around. We must have missed some of the episodes since some are unfamiliar (or failing memory), this time we are watching it with a surround receiver, a bluray player and a 52\\" LCD and there is no comparison to local broadcast (with occasional bad reception) and viewed on a standard def 27\\" TV. The filming was obviously done well and the newer equipment is able to show that. I am enjoying the story at least as much as the first time so we've ordered the second season.
B000WCBPOG|5.0|If you're a Beatles fan, and who isn't, then you'll really enjoy the movie and CD.  Yeah, they're covering the Beatles so it isn't exactly the Beatles, but the interpretations of most songs is really wonderful.  One suspects that the Fab Four would smile and nod in approval of these renditions; we certainly do each time we hear them.
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|Great work from Enya. Her voice can charm and captivate. Just as Anna Marie Albergette did in her day.
031606792X|5.0|This book, I have read now 4 times. I have also listened to the book on DVD. I cant get enough. How perfect it is, it wraps everything up nice and neat, and the love that is shared between Edward and Bella, oh my gosh, I cant even describe.  I truly cannot wait until Stephenie Meyer begins the MidnightSun again and finishes that. The version of Twilight from Edward. I have read the 264 pages that she has on her website, at least 3 times now, and I want more!!!  This book, Breaking Dawn, dont miss it....
0316776963|4.0|With sardonic wit and an eye for the absurd, David Sedaris gives hyperbolic treatment and philosophical consideration to what would otherwise be a mundane life.  And just when it seems that his aresenal of experiences is depleted, he invites us to witness from the perspective of his unfettered imagnination.  We oblige, of course, because by now this neurotic maladroit is our friend, his fantasies of being a celebrated and sought-after hero are our own, and we are more like him than we ever dared to admit.
0439023483|5.0|I loved it loved it loved it!  I cannot wait until the next book!  There is a little bit of everything in this book, love, action, drama--it's all in there!  I think this is a book for everybody, my husband and I both loved it, and we are 27 and 29, respectively!
B001ECQ75A|4.0|I bought this movie for something new for the family to watch.  It's really funny - Jack Black does his magic again!  Good family entertainment.
B00009AOBI|2.0|The movie itself was great and also had added scenes, but this version has a new soundtrack with Bruce Springsteen as the main theme instead of Bob Seger in the original movie. For me this totally changed the movie and especially at the end of the movie with the final song \\"Roll me away\\" by Bob Seger, was such a special and appropriate song. As you may have noticed, I have purchased the original movie, with the original soundtrack and now have both versions of the movie. Thank you
B000CNFC76|5.0|I actually saw this movie on an international flight and it was one of the best movies I have ever enjoyed.  I'm not a golf fan, but the story is wonderful whether you like golf or not.  I purchased it for my son-in-law who is a \\"golf fan\\" and I feel it would make a great gift for a wide range of people.
B001C08RHA|5.0|This is a great techno action movie.  Watch it twice so you can pick up any piece you might have missed the first time.  Very intertaining, and from the movies our next technology come!
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|I absolutely love this movie and could watch it over and over again.  Its a great buy!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Every real American should watch this excellent series.  I couldnt be more pleased with the quality of this purchase. Everyone in this country should be required to watch this because is gives the foundation of the forming of the country and how much was really at stake.  its a brillant film with excellent acting.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I rented this at Blockbuster and loved it. When I saw it was an \\"Amazon Deal Of The Day\\" I just had to buy it! A real piece of history.
B001CI41X6|4.0|i love the cd, was not happy with the shipping time.  HOWEVER it was not clear when I ordered that the cd was coming from the UK - the store that it came from is in NY so I expected it to come from there and would have found the 3 weeks shipping unacceptable.  Once I saw where it came from the light bulb went on over my head.  Best to let customers know where the merchandise is coming from to avoid complaints.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|We received Planet Earth as a gift and we love it.  We couldn't wait to get home at night and watch the next segment.  One of our favorite parts are the extras. They tell all about how parts were filmed.  David Attenborough is fantastic.  Watch it with captions - it helps with those long words.
B001EYGOEM|1.0|This was a gift for christmas an I do not like this style of music so honestly I am not the one who should be reviewing this item.
B00011F5DK|5.0|My entire family enjoys this game -- ages 5 thru 63.  A great way to get the family together and can even play in teams if too many players.
B001GQACGO|3.0|I can't believe she had 70 songs to choose from and she chose these. It is pure garbage. I can't believe she didn't put these songs on one album.I am not going to visit that whole alter ego thing.That is a just a mess. Why the heck is she singing Ava Maria?
B000053VAZ|5.0|I purchased this as a gift for an 18 year old girl.  While I still enjoy the movie at 45 she's watched it about 5 or 6 times and still loves it.  It's funny, clean, with a good story line.
0439882826|5.0|This is the most intricate pop-up book I've ever seen - very impressive.  My 8-year-old nephew loved it and all of the adults were equally impressed.
B001GZ6QDS|4.0|After buying the DVD, I have realized that there was no need to get this 2 disk special edition, the movie DVD would have sufficed my needs. The 2 disk edition does not come with anything extra special, except for the scenes which are shot in IMAX and the fake news program about the city! So, my advice is to go for single disk version and wait for the REAL special edition which I am sure would come with some cool stuff, like interviews with crew and actors, directors commentary, directors cut etc.
B001F7MSFW|5.0|Visually, Viscerally, and in the context of the original fans of HELLBOY, this film is excellent.There is far more detail, far more of the mythos that has been created in other films. At one point in the extras, it is even stated that HELLBOY II is a sequel to PAN'S LABYRINTH, which is kind of odd, because I thought HELLBOY II was a sequel to the First HellBoy. A very extreme fan of Helboy told me that Hellboy II was more true to the HellBoy Series, and it was then that I thought, aha thats why it feels so different. Its not really moving on from the First film, its kind of doubling back and covering ground that maybe the creators thought they should cover in the first film.    The characters are more fleshed out in Hellboy II, so in that respect, its more detailed, but I guess it was not what I was expecting, which I guess is good. Since I did enjoy it. And the groundwork is definitely laid for a HELLBOY III if that is ever touted. But in the meantime, this is a pretty good show. The Visuals are great, the audio is great... its a Great experience, however it IS very different to the first HELLBOY.  The Triple disc is worth it if you are willing to filter through some drivel. The Commentaries are good, however Del Toro makes it feel like a Film School commentary, but occasionally he does get entertaining, which is odd, because his Documentary material is mostly good. I say mostly good, but some of it on disc 2 is bordering on boring.The Commentary on disc one is mostly fun, but anything with Selma Blair is kind of nice to listen to, no matter what, but I guess I  have a bias. The rest of the DVD extras expand on the rather contradictory theme of the sometimes   good, sometimes boring theme, but nothing inbetween. Del Toro's work seems to specialise in polarising any fans.      Regardless, the end product here is great, and to a large extent, seeing how Del Toro got that product is very Fascinating. Also, the Digital Copy goes great on the Classic 120 Gig Ipod, withGreat Sound.  If you are lucky enough to get the Special Pack from BEST BUY, the Bonus Model and Documents are extremely cool... well worth another 40 bucks or so.
B001C3KCSY|5.0|I have been listening to this album a lot, and I can't get the songs out of my head. I think this surpasses their first few albums by leaps and bounds. If you kind of liked their previous albums give this one a listen, and you will be as hooked as I am.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|I have never liked the Batman series (like the ones from the 80's), but I love this movie and Batman Begins! They are truly entertaining, but watch out if you have little kids...the Joker is VERY disturbing...great, but disturbing!
B0011BGY66|5.0|This album is great. At first I didn't know what to expect, but the songs are catchy and will liven up your day. Worth a listen, and at this price it is a steal.
6304806418|4.0|Evita is a powerful production! This is an historical journey of the short and powerful life of Eva Peron. The story is told almost entirely through music. Madonna is at her very best. Not only does she have the rich full voice for the music of Andrew Lloyd Webber but she has the dancing and acting talent to make the persona of Evita come alive. Excellent.
B000HT3PPG|5.0|This is my very favorite Christmas movie. I loved the fact it came with 2 dvd's one in black/white and the other in color. It came in great condition and fast!! Thank you so much!! Vickie
1592802974|1.0|This book is everything a book shouldn't be, cheap flimsy see through paper with blurry print. If you are going to buy this book please save your eyes and money and pick up a second hand copy from an earlier printing that you can enjoy reading.
B000HEWEDK|5.0|[[ASIN:B000HEWEDK Forbidden Planet (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]Great movie, great transfer. Still better than most science fiction movies out these days.
0684824906|5.0|Over the past several years, I've been trying to catch up on some of the American history that I should have learned as a youngster.  However, in grade-school, these stories never seemed to come to life in the same way that they do while reading them today.    Several reviewers have commented that this book glosses over some of the hard edges and deep divides among Lincoln's team, and that may be true.  However, that did not detract from this book for me.  I wasn't looking for a deep analysis so-much as I was hoping to just gain a little insight into Lincoln as a man and as president; as I turned the last page of this book, I felt that I had learned a great deal more than I had anticipated, and enjoyed it all the while.    I have to admit to that these old eyes were a little bit more than \\"misty\\" while trying to read the closing pages of this book, and the abrupt ending really had me wondering how this story might have ended were not the main character stolen from us so early.
0395389496|4.0|The theme plus the art work of this book are well worth having.  To know that it developed into a really frist class animated video with a lesson which is ageless is truly worth thinking about.
0545128285|5.0|i love the Harry Potter books so I had to buy this one for that reason and I loved the stories in it.  It is a great book!
B001IB63KQ|5.0|i really like this cd the live music is awsome and there is really good songs
B00005CDNJ|5.0|This album was amazing when it came out in the 80's, and sounds even more amazing on th CD.  The songs are beautiful and timeless and I wore out the tape when I had it-let's see how long this CD lasts... :)
B001AQO3WY|5.0|A very well acted and scripted movie showing the behind the scenes possibilities of everyday life of a Recon Marine.
