B0060ZJ7BC|5.0|this is a script that would make the all-star team in script heaven.  not without a few bumps though.  okay:  maybe i wasn't paying attention enough at first, because i missed the magic in the \\"meet cute\\" scene,  where brad pitt first spots jonah hill (perhaps because i was distracted by the los angeles county government buildings out the window in a scene that was supposedly happening in cleveland!)  and frankly, at first i had some doubts about the character of billy and his curve ball move.  it just seemed a bit perverse in a slightly too smart hollywood manner.  but the story grows.  not the plot, mind you:  this story works like a real yarn should-- a ball of yarn, slowly winding itself up in an organic way.  about an hour into the show, that ball of yarn becomes a fast ball.    along the way, there are some pitch perfect scenes that steal the spotlight, especially in the scout's room, where we're treated to the most hard boiled cast of vignettes since the news room scenes in \\"his girl friday.\\"  another gem is the first scene with the daughter, where we hear her sing a little tune that becomes a cyber greek chorus later on.  it's affecting without being arch.  praise,  too,  to director bennett miller, who -- just as he did in capote-- reserves visual poetry for interludes.  but when he needs it, it's spare, pure, heroic.  mostly, though, he seems to be incapable of delivering a false moment.   as for brad pitt,  he delivers a serious performance.    that said, i do have some reservations about the winning strategy the jonah hill character devises.  yes, \\"moneyball\\" seems to give david a chance to slay goliath, but i do agree with some of the scouts who voice the conventional wisdom that numbers can never replace the right brain.  (and even if they could, i guess it would mostly mean that we humans are over and done with.)  but, in the end, this isn't a movie about a math genius or a business model.  it's a beautifully modulated entertainment/work of art abouta man trying to give his life meaning.  and proof that-- and here's a wonderful irony--  despite the moneyball formulas that have mostly ruined the movies,  hollywood isn't dead yet!
B005UG542S|1.0|Why did I waste my time and money on this crap!  Needlessly dark and lacking in anything uplifting, inspiring or thought provoking.
031617615X|4.0|Breaking Dawn was so much better when I read it the second time.  The first time I read it, I loved part 1, was shocked for part 2, and disappointed for part 3. Part 1 is still my favorite.  The wedding and honeymoon are pure bliss to read.  Bella's reaction to the honeymoon (where she's sitting on the floor in the bathroom) is so completely honest and so relatable.  And then we get to part 2.  I was completely shocked.  I like being surprised, but Stephenie sailed right over surprise and stunned you with pure bizarre.  As Robert Pattinson put it, \\"She's not even thinking outside the box anymore. She's broken the whole box!\\"  If it weren't for Jake's great sarcasm and the humor he brings, there's no way anyone would make it through part 2.  The second time reading part 2, I found it mostly funny since I knew what to expect.  It was so close to real life, but heightened by supernatural horror.  I feel bad for Edward during part 2, but come on.  His melodrama mostly amused me.  The first time I read Breaking Dawn, part 3 dragged like a bag of rocks.  Who are all these new people suddenly showing up?  And then the anti-climatic no-fight at the end was very disappointing.  However, when I read it the second time and knew that was going to happen, I actually enjoyed part 3 and it didn't seem so long.  I think people's main dislike for Breaking Dawn came from the fact that too many things were unexpected.  If there had been better foreshadowing, I think people would have enjoyed it more.  So, if you read Breaking Dawn once when it first came out and didn't like it, read it again.  It was much more entertaining the second time around.
0307477479|2.0|Outrage?  Or respect?  This book might be the Rosetta Stone for making the 'novel in stories' genre legitimate--after all, this IS a short story collection.  Some interconnectedness, sure, but let's face it, people.  It's a short collection.<br /><br />But look at the book itself before you read it, and you might not think so.  No table of contents, and the categorization of 'novel' on the cover.  But reading this generates the same reaction as reading short stories--some stories are quite engaging, others not so.<br /><br />So now I'm torn.  The 'novel-in-stories' monicker always seemed to me a publishing ploy.  Since agents and publishers preach their self-fulfilling prophecy that short story collections don't sell (agents and publishers think collections don't sell, so they don't promote them, and thus they don't sell), so the term was invented to make loose connections between stories in a collection and let everyone pretend that there might be a novel in them thar pages.<br /><br />So this one has won some major awards.  Does this mean that novels in stories is now a legitimate form and only confirms an industry fabrication?  Or am I just disappointed that a short story collection has gotten some major attention and credibility, and no one wants to admit it's a short story collection.<br /><br />Hmmm....
1452101248|5.0|I saw this book at a friends and after thumbing thru it, I had to find a copy.  Now I have my own and cannot wait to try almost every recipe in this book.  Gorgeous photos accompanied by easy to follow instructions and preps seem to be simplified..
0307593312|2.0|There is a reason a novel is not an outline, despite the best efforts of Hemingway and some of the postmoderns to suggest otherwise.  By the sentiment of the sage [author:Flannery O'Connor 22694], a novel is as long as it needs to be to say what can only be said in that amount of length.<br /><br />This novel, however, does not need its 900+ pages to speak its peace.  In his best work, Murakami creates his own mythology with characters who are usually so powerless to the powers acting upon them that they can find solace in the most mundane of details--a man trying to cope with the mysterious disappearance of a prized elephant (and being the last human to see the elephant before its goes) has to settle for his collection of clippings to find some meaning to the world where such bizarre circumstances can occur.<br /><br />But a book like this makes me wonder if I've read too much into Murakami's mastery.<br /><br />Much like [book:Hard-Boiled Wonderland 10374] and [book:Kafka on the Short 688901], Murakami takes the split-narrative approach.  Tengo and Aomame are our principal characters--a cram school teacher hired as the ghost writer for a potential bestseller, and an alluring hired killer/masseuse, respectively.  They have a linked past, of course, as their storylines eke together during the process of the tale, as they struggle with the designs of a super-cult, their own sordid (and often vapid) romantic histories and the activities of creatures called the Little People, but this story seems to take WAY too long to get going in any engaging manner (and I am talking about the first third), and ultimately became quite the skim-job over time.  The writing in general lacks the kind of precision and distinction of detail in books like [book:A Wild Sheep Chse] or the aforementioned Kafka.  I find that I need far more than a mysterious plot to thrust me through an elongated tale.  I need sentiments and phrases that jump from the page, snap my eyebrows upward, and this book was decidedly lacking for far too long.  Murakami often has a gift for creating intrigue around listless characters, but this book faults for falling into a listless narrative, and perhaps I will be less eager to scarf up a Murakami as soon as it hits the shelf.ar too long.  Murakami often has a gift for creating intrigue around listless characters, but this book faults for falling into a listless narrative, and perhaps I will be less eager to scarf up a Murakami as soon as it hits the shelf.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|This version is not worth buying as the digital copy is not like any other you have had in previous combo packs.
B004SBULWE|1.0|For thse of you who don't know, Android is Linux based and the way they both operate is that if an app is idle for any extended period of time it will automatically shut itself off. Dispelling the myth that all the apps are &quot;draining&quot; battery. If you ever check your battery stats the reason for most depleted batteries isn't ever apps running. It is the large HD display, 3G/4G running continuously, the android os itself etc.... Like most people have already stated 2.2+ comes with a built in application manager and most manufacturer are creating their own interfaces with custom built task killers if that is what you so desire. Simply put, Advanced Task Killer doesn't really work, isn't necessary, and cannot differentiate between downloaded apps and critical system files so it shuts both of them down thus resulting in freezing, locking up, apps not working properly, internet not working, screen turning black.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Does what it says, and is easy to work with.  I have this for a few different device and seems to be a great app in general
0385534639|4.0|Two children are raised to play a curious game. A game with unknown rules or moves. The game takes play in a circus, which only opens at night. The illusions and magic getting more more involved till....? Romance forbidden looms around the edges. Innocent people get wrapped into the weave of the game, some don't make it.<br />Very intricate details of the circus and the people, told from different pov's. I was a bit distanced from connecting with any one character. It was amazing, but not my type of read.
B005LJITS0|5.0|The action was incredible Ryan is an Awesome actor so is Blake! Wow every scene made you want to scream out this is Awesome! The ending were he said now he will go looking for trouble and stuff  that was so lol
1594744769|5.0|Wow, this author took some really old, and kind of creepy photos and wrote a story for them that dazzles the imagination. We journey to a world of secrets, time travel, magic and thrilling mysteries. A young boy is driven to find what killed his grandfather and caused everyone to think him crazy. He travels to Wales where truths both tragic and wonderful become known.<br />A wonderful read, I totally lost myself in this story. Simply amazing.
B004LUS390|2.0|this app is great if you have the time to waste your phones battery on it. . . hard to learn if you are not familiar with photoshop or any other computer drawing program. good try atleast
0385737955|1.0|I'm sorry, the characterisation of the main character of this book is just... OFF.   The author has not written a novel. They have written a detailed plot document for a video game, one where the player takes on the avatar of this 'main character' (and wanders around probably solving puzzles, having some monster battles and solving the 'mystery of who they are and why they're here', once it's made into an actual game.)   The characterisation of the 'main character' is poor and laughable. This is fine in a video game where the avatar is supposed to be generic for the player to self-insert ('them in the context of this world') but just irritating in the context of this novel. I think good advice to the author is, nice plot but, maybe try re-writing the whole thing in 1st person to maybe, just maybe, get into the character a little more? And 'Show Don't Tell'?   The 'plot twists', well, they're all been done before (though to be fair I suppose you can say the same about most things.)
B003VANOFY|3.0|I have been a user of Logitech products for some time. I generally think that Logitech makes the best peripherals for the computer out there. I had high expectations for this product, but unfortunately,  it did not meet all of them.<br /><br />First off, here's the good: of course, the wireless is the main feature, and I found that the range was fabulous. This headset comes with a receiver that works very well for me, and I can go very far from the computer without much interference. It also comes with a base for the receiver that is also the charging port for the headset and includes a cable management device. I upgraded to this set from the ClearChat wireless headset, and found that this one does not suffer from range problems the way that the ClearChat did. This headset is comfortable for me. I like the fact that the earphones surround your ear instead of sitting on top of them like they do on the ClearChat wireless headset. I like the fact that the adjustable sides on the headphones are numbered, so you can be exact with how you adjust them. I like the roller for the volume. I also like that this headphone includes both a mute button and also if you raise the flexible microphone all the way up, it mutes automatically. The sound quality on this is actually very good in stereo mode.<br /><br />All of these good features come with some caveats, though. I always make it a habit to go to the manufacturer's website to download the most current drivers for a product before installing it. I got the current drivers for this headset direct from the Logitech website instead of using the ones on the CD as Logitech does a great job of including obsolete drivers with their hardware. I am running Windows 7 Home Premium 64bit. I installed the correct drivers and upon installation the drivers crashed. I was never able to get them to run (clean boot or otherwise). I had to uninstall them and use the ones on the CD. These drivers installed fine, but then when I tried to launch theconfiguration program it would not open properly. I had to reboot to get it to work right.<br /><br />After that, I could not get the G buttons to work at all, nor could I view the status of the battery charge. The headset is supposed to be 7.1 surround sound capable, but I never get any indication from the software of getting surround sound so I guess I am not getting it. I also don't get any audio or on-screen warning of when the battery is about to go out. I find that it does last about 10 hours, but it would sure be nice to get some warning other than me having to check the left earphone for the status light for a clue. The only feature in the software that works like it is supposed to is the voice morphing, which is a feature that I won't even be using.<br /><br />I contacted Logitech and tried the clean booting and that did not fix the problem. They told me they are reviewing it internally and would get back to me, and that was a good while ago. Because I like the wireless function so much, I am not sure I will return these but I am disappointed that this software is not working the way that I expect Logitech products to work. The wireless function can't be beat, but if you get this you may not be getting all the features that are advertised. Its a shame, because Logitech products usually work well, but this one was not so great.<br /><br />***UPDATED WITH SOLUTION***<br /><br />I wanted to write an update to this review because I finally found the solution to this issue while looking for a fix for another Logitech product I owned. I had an issue with the G700 Wireless Gaming mouse not working, and the fix I found actually worked for this headset as well. I am posting the fix here so that anyone who is having the same issue as me can hopefully find a solution since Logitech has no interest in providing it to their customers. All credit goes to SuicidalPig at the Logitech forums for this one:<br /><br />Disable any reference to Setpoint starting up with Windows via MSConfig. Find the DeviceSettings.exe file (C:\Program Files\Logitech\SetPointG on my Win7x64 system). Rightclick on the file & select 'Properties' > 'Compatibility' Tab & check the box 'Run this program as an administrator'. Click 'OK'<br /><br />After doing this you will have to start the G930 drivers each time you boot the computer manually, but it works perfectly for me now. I am getting the surround sound and it is great. I just wish I had found this fix earlier instead of hearing nothing from Logitech about the issue and finding a fix while looking somewhere completely different. I hope this helps the other people who are having difficulty with this product. I am not revising my rating, however, because I can't get my head around the horrible response from Logitech.
B005POK858|5.0|It's a great little game. I never had an NES or Gameboy as a kid, but my husband says the visual style is similar to those. I kinda wish it had movie-quality cut scenes, because I loved those in FFVIII. I don't know if the old-style handheld games did that, though. I've been playing it pretty much nonstop since we downloaded it a few days ago. It's really engaging, and I haven't noticed any of the overheating problems mentioned by other users -- I have a Motorola Photon, though, so maybe that's the difference.  I wish the map was a little more detailed, and I wish you could buy more of the upgrading gems or some of the sands at one of the little stores. Other than that, it's a great game, especially given the platform and the price.
B001F6TXME|5.0|No frills, bells and whistles, this product does exactly what it say's. It a remote trigger to prevent vibration when taking photos at low light levels. Unlike some of the other reviews, this item fit's snugly and have had no problem plugging it in or out multiple times.  Using this on a D-3100 without any problems. Knob reaction is very similar to the actual camera control and tested the focus ability with about 10 pics. Not to be confused with more expensive items which does time delay sequencing, etc.  In a nutshell, it does the job, arrived on time and was packaged properly. No brainer purchase for the price.
6305014140|5.0|One of the best anime`s i have seen it Came with a booklet and had a couple scratches on the disc but works fine like there aren't any. Great Job!<br /><br />[...]
B004EPZ07K|1.0|Ultraviolet is a pure crap Adobe product. This movie is not compatible with anything I(Apple) or even windows media for a crappy second best. This is a total rip-off! by the Blue-Ray.   Good movie rip-off Studio bull stuff just like their new anti online piracy which will lock down the internet and let the Government monitor everything you do online.  Let's hear it for the 1%'s woo hoo.
B0015AARJI|2.0|The controller istelf works great. The only problem I have with it is that it has to stay plugged in. If I take it off the usb port it goes dead which is very frustrating....
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Wow I got ripped off twice. I made the mistake of Buying the digital editions of this and the Green Lantern. The digital copy is an Adobe ripoff that will not play in ITunes or anything I. It also is not compatible with windows media or anything you could play on your TV.   Another studio ripoff like the new online anti-piracy legislation which will allow the Corporations and the Government to monitor everything you do online.   Boo Hiss Warner Brothers and all the rest of the 1%'s
B004ZN9YNC|1.0|I own everything by Pink Floyd, so I am ultimately qualified to report that this album sucks harder than a starving calf with a stopped-up mama....music by which to commit suicide. I recently played it again after it had been gathering dust for at least 20 years in my collection, and was amazed to find that I liked it even LESS now, than I did upon it's release day, and that hardly seems possible! Prior to this monsterous turd, about the only thing Pink Floyd had ever done that I found fairly unlistenable were some of the non-live portions of Ummagumma. In comparison to the Final Cut, that was Grammy-worthy toonage. EGADS!  (P.S. ~ Don't kid yerselves. If you are Honest, you'll fess up that The Wall was almost as cringe inducing as this, it's red headed stepchild. Roger should have been taken out back and flogged unmercifully for foisting these 2 bombs into the hallowed Pink Floyd discography....Hey! It's not too late, is it?)
B005DC68NI|5.0|The book includes three parts and a series of appendices. The first part provides an overview of the publishing industry and discusses why to self publish. The second covers how to prepare, format, distribute, price and promote ebooks. The last part includes testimonials of self-published authors. The appendices discuss selling short stories, international markets, business issues and a resource list.<br /><br />There are several things I like about the book. It has a good balance between general discussion and specific advice. The book covers material rarely found elsewhere, such as international markets and perspectives, which the author, who is not American, has considerable experience with, and some practical business issues.<br /><br />The third part offers a wide selection of successful indie author testimonials. These writers, however, are not the usual superstars or edge cases (e.g. Amanda Hocking, John Locke, J.A. Konrath), which is particularly interesting because some of them may be less known, and hence more representative of the backgrounds and opportunities of average aspiring writers.<br /><br />I also like the attention to detail, and the book is well formatted. The author practices what he preaches, and it shows.<br /><br />I think that the publishing industry overview of part one, while well done, may be redundant. As this book hits the market, self publishing is already mainstream and growing fast. The motivational aspect of the industry analysis may become obsolete in a matter of months as remaining objections and doubts get dropped, and more authors embrace self publishing.
B0050DZN4K|3.0|Starting to become a common theme on the Kindle Fire. Things don't work. App just hangs and attempts to utilize the Google account that isnt there on the Kindle Fire.
B005UG53NS|5.0|For those of you that have a Roku device, I highly recommend this rental. The video quality was fantastic on an HDTV, and only once for a brief 2-3 second period did the picture ever become distorted. Not to mention, a great movie as well! A fantastic conclusion to this highly-acclaimed series.
0062101897|5.0|A real treat for fans, \\"Harry Potter: Page to Screen\\" boasts hundreds of full-color, glossy photos from the creative minds responsible for the eight Potter film adaptations. That's the good news. The not-so-good news: The accompanying text, although detail-heavy, is a bit bland and what you might expect from the Warner Bros. publicity department - every actor is \\"wonderful to work with\\" and \\"an amazing talent.\\" Every director is \\"brilliant\\" and \\"understanding.\\" What - in ten years of moviemaking there was no friction on the set? But this is primarily a picture-book and, although print photography can't match the clarity of high-definition TVs and computers, there's still something magical about holding a book like this in your hands.
B004LUS390|5.0|Wow, it works way better than I expected. Wish the undo worked more, but other than that this is fantastic. Worth the money, certainly. Lots of fun to doodle with!
014241543X|5.0|When I began reading If I Stay by Gayle Forman I had no idea how little I knew the basic storyline of the book. I knew there was a car accident, I knew the main character Mia was in it and knew certain love ones were affected, and that Mia had to make a hard decision. However, other than that I really had no idea what this book was about so of course after reading a few pages I turned to the back cover and read the synopsis and after that things clicked into place a little more firmly. Still, I can't say going into If I Stay partially blind is a bad thing. Usually I know what a book is about before I crack open the spine, if not from the synopsis then from reviews but not so in this case and I think the unknowing added to the premise of this novel so I will try to be as vague as possible in that regard.<br /><br />Mia's day starts off a little perfect, school has been closed on the account of a snow day which means herself, her little brother Teddy and her teacher father get to play hooky for the day and because it wouldn't be right for Mia's mom to go to work while they all stay home she calls in to the office and takes the day off as well. A day with the family is cut brutally short however when a terrible car accident lands Mia in the ICU and the worst 24 hours of her life unfolds when she realizes that she has to make a choice.<br /><br />If I Stay was what I expected it to be in terms of writing, I knew this book, before I read it, would be one to make me cry but when I started it and got into it I thought I was going to be OK because although our main character has been struck with a tragedy we're not focusing on the terrible fact of the present but on her wonderful past, her life before now and of those she loves. I really thought I wouldn't cry until I reached the middle and both Mia and I were hit with a terrible truth that had been obvious all along and from then on out I was tearing up every few pages until the end.<br /><br />This novel is actually a very easy read but the way Gayle Forman pieces her scenes together made the story flow perfectly and so the writing is beautiful. This novel wasn't like other books where a main character has suffered a loss, where the books are often heavy with grief but about what many reviewers have already said. If I Stay is about family, love, music, and friendship. This novel is about the harmony and cacophony of life and about carrying on with it even though the alternative would be such an easy path to follow.<br /><br />I admire Mia for the decision she made in the end, even if it's one she didn't know she would make, one she had decided not to make initially. I doubt I would have the strength to make the choice she did and hope I never have to, but I am very happy that I made the choice to pick up If I Stay because this is a story that will stay with me for a long time and I hope the companion novel does the same.Forman pieces her scenes together made the story flow perfectly and so the writing is beautiful. This novel wasn't like other books where a main character has suffered a loss, where the books are often heavy with grief but about what many reviewers have already said. If I Stay is about family, love, music, and friendship. This novel is about the harmony and cacophony of life and about carrying on with it even though the alternative would be such an easy path to follow.  I admire Mia for the decision she made in the end, even if it's one she didn't know she would make, one she had decided not to make initially. I doubt I would have the strength to make the choice she did and hope I never have to, but I am very happy that I made the choice to pick up If I Stay because this is a story that will stay with me for a long time and I hope the companion novel does the same.
B003L77GGK|5.0|Ok, so the sixth season wasn't the best, but this is still the best show ever made!!! Price was reasonable and it was delivered in a very timely manner.
B005FPT51K|1.0|The camera itself seems nice. The software is terrible. This is sold as a device for Apple iOS things- iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, but the computer software that comes with it is only for Windows. The iOS software has very few features. For starters, you can ONLY access this device if you are on a WiFi network- they make no accommodation for a lower-quality feed via 3G or other cellular data network standards. So, the box is misleading when it says you can access from anywhere. You can set alerts for motion or sound, however you must have the app running on your iOS device actively to receive the alert, so there goes your battery on the phone! I would have expected the alert to trigger an email or text. If you happen to have a windows machine or have windows on your mac, again, it must be on and running, and then their software is able to record, but the iOS app has no way of accessing that information from anywhere. And lastly, although it has \\"two-way sound\\", it doesn't include any kind of speaker, so you must supply your own.<br /><br />It's a shame, because with decent software and better features on the iOS side, this could be a nice thing. Oh yeah- one more thing... the FAQ's provide a good laugh- they are poorly written, and seem as if they are a poor translation from another language into english, as many sentences in them actually make no sense at all such as: \\"How should I do when I bought a new camera?\\" and \\"Why does the product agains the wall in the night there will be a strong white light?\\" ... great job on Quality Control there!!!!! But, that about defines the overall quality of this solution. Definitely save your money for something better.<br /><br />This doesn't even deserve one star, but I can't select \\"0\\" stars.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|Have been a Stephen King fan for a long time and this book was on the top of my list. Makes you sit back and wonder what life would be like if you went back in time and changed even just one thing. Brings all the \\"what ifs\\" out in the open. I listened to it in unabridged audio form and now I want to purchase the hardback so I may go back and highlight certain passages. It was Stephen King at his best.
B004LUS390|5.0|SketchBook Mobile is a very usable drawing app that works great on my Kindle Fire. This app has a huge range of features that allow for real art to be created, including many brush and pallet options that gives the user great control. I have been using this to jot down ideas and sketch out ideas for our shop, but have also played with artistic drawings which is a lot of fun. Drawings can be saved and attached to emails as well.<br /><br />This is a very good app that was an Amazon &#34;Free App of the Day&#34;, but is worth buying if you need a good drawing app.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
B004ZN9Q3K|5.0|Great to hear tambourines in 'Fearless' I've never heard before. This and Echoes are two of the best tunes they've ever recorded imo. Every song is solid - even 'Seamus' with the dog howling along has character.   A classic with a noticeable upgrade in sound.
B002BWP49C|3.0|Let me preface this review with the fact that I am a big fan of the books as well as prior films. With that said, I left the theater from BD P1 yesterday feeling slightly disappointed overall and think this film not only didn't live up to all the hype, but was actually a step backwards when compared to the other films in the series.    For fans, the movie is worth seeing because some things are done very well, specifically the handling of Jacob's imprinting and the \\"life montage\\" near the end of the film when Bella is changing into a vampire.  However, there are equally some scenes that were so wrong and terrible that they were almost laughable. The attempt at the wolf telepathy totally missed its mark and would have been much more effective if the characters simply had the discussion/argument in human form.  In addition, with the budget this movie had, it was hard to believe the wolf CGI could get any worse, but it was really bad half of the time, almost comic-book like.   Some of the interpretations of scenes were so odd that I have to wonder if the director even read the books. It was clear that he didn't \\"get it\\" like the past three directors did. I really hope Part 2 is 100% improvement over this installment, otherwise Bill Condon will go down as ruining this franchise. He in no way earned his paycheck with this movie.  Other than the bits and pieces of Bella's Lullaby scattered throughout the film, the soundtrack didn't really complement or enhance the scenes on screen, IMO.  Maybe a second viewing would help change my opinion in that regard, I don't know.  I really wanted to love this movie, but in the end I just couldn't. And unlike the prior three films, I'm not anxious to rush out and see it again.
B003RS1V1E|5.0|Catches the meth world perfectly..Shows the dark places this drug will take people. There is an episode that in itself would make an incredible two man Broadway Show between Jesse and Walter (the Fly)..The cinematography is the best I have ever seen..The writing and casting is perfect..Definitely giving the Wire a run for the money as the best TV Series..
B001PPGAIA|5.0|This is a great video. I saw it a couple of years back, really enjoyed it and wanted to see it again so ordered it thru Amazon. I wanted an HD, wide screen version but wasn't sure what version was being offered. Fortunately it was exactly what I wanted. I enjoyed seeing it again and keep it in my DVD library for those dreary nights when there's nothing else I want to watch on TV.
B005HSG3TC|1.0|When I unwrapped it the edge was chipped.  The 'leather' looks and feels more like vinyl (Is it really leather?), and it is really flimsy.  There is nothing solid about it at all.  I think one good whack and it would shatter - and not protect the Kindle.  I'm returning it.  It's definately NOT worth the price.
0545265355|5.0|A horrible idea that children have to fight to the death in an arena, just to keep the rest of the population under control.  But, what a read!!!! Wow!!!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Film simply doesn`t get any better than this!  Amazing directing, great actors, awesome effects and most important  of all - a truly mind-blowing story.....
B005TQAI6G|2.0|I saw it on Epix pretty horrible she can't even dance right anymore or sing live anymore. Waste of money.
B00005214X|4.0|Original sound good.  New material and out takes were the highlight.  It's worth having for the extra cuts alone on CD 1.
B004FOA84A|4.0|My wife and I had an enjoyable evening playing through this game. Was relatively easy for this style of game, but that was fine. The graphics and puzzles were great. Only downside is the lack of replay value.
B005V4FJC4|1.0|Oh goody! She and Him couldn't stop at dreary pop albums. Now they're making dreary Christmas albums?? Zooey Deschanel...please go away already.
B001I0T92Q|3.0|The Item was over all Good and lasted as long as you did not take it out and in a lot. I used it for my PSP because Pro Dual's are really expensive. Worked Great for its job 2 16gb Micro SD in it for 32 gb on PSP.
B005H5H3LW|5.0|Live-Action Star Blazers!  Is there anything else you need to know?    I grew up with the wave of Star Wars craze and these awesome new cartoons from Japan.  Star Blazers, along with Robotech, were my favorites.  With Space Battleship Yamato, they effectively managed to squeeze the entire 1st season of Star Blazers into a 2-hour movie.  I told my wife that I had waited 30 years for this movie, and I was very pleased with the quality!  How pleased?  Remembers how excited everyone was to see the Transformers come to life on the big screen?  Well, think \\"Transformers Movie\\" with a plot!  I mean, a real plot with real characters that is as important (and that you care about) as much as the special effects.  Thankfully, the plot isn't held up by the special effects; rather the special effects are a part of the overall story.  Even my stepson, having never seen the original cartoons, remarked that it was a great movie.  After seeing the movie I went back and found the cartoon series and re-watched it for nostalgia.  They did change a few plot points from the cartoon series, but not in a way that completely guts the original story (and my childhood memories) like so many big-screen adaptations (or \\"Special Editions\\") have done.  In fact, some of the scenes are frame for frame comparable to the cartoon series which is a real thrill if you notice them.  The changes were made of course to compress the series story into a movie-length story line.  They adapted it very well.  I wish there were more features on the DVD like commentaries or behind-the-scenes stuff, but hopefully this stuff will make it into a new edition.
B005FLX2WC|5.0|I have been a fan of Beth Hart ever since she appeared on Star Search years ago and blew away the competition every single week.  She has an amazing voice that I just love.  I purchased several of her CDs over the years and, while I still loved her voice, her songs were a little too edgy for my taste.  I am 67 years old and am not really into the hard rock genre.  This album is different.  From the opening song, \\"Sinner's Prayer\\", it simply blew me away.  I purchased the album with a gift card and just looked up Beth Hart, hoping that she had something new and I listened to a few sample tracks.  I was impressed and purchased the album immediately and I was not disappointed.  I love all of the tracks, but especially \\"Chocolate Jesus\\", which I find really funny and irreverent in a playful way, and \\"I'd Rather Go Blind\\".  I haven't heard a voice like hers since Janis Joplin.  I hope this album can become a catalyst that will propel her into the category of great female vocalists where she deserves to be.  It's time that the whole world got to enjoy her voice and she gets the fame that she should have received already.
B004W4N55C|4.0|Acer a100,  I get an error when trying to transpose key/chords. Is this working for others? Other than that really like it.
B0021L8UPS|3.0|The Orphan was pretty good. This is actually one of the few movies that I was able to watch these days. There are a lot of bad junk movies being released that I have had to turn off. I think this one was nice and suspenseful. If you like this, you might also like Chloe, Case 39, and Unfaithful.
B00005N6KG|1.0|This is the third pair of these headphones I have bought.  Although one side inevitably stops working, I keep buying them because they are inexpensive.  I will not buy them again.  The pair I just received crackle in my ear in an almost shock like manner.  Needless to say, I cannot use them.  Don't waste your money.  Not worth it for even less than $10.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|awesome game on kindle fire, great fun for the entire family.  purchased full version after playing free version to support developers.
0385344325|5.0|Lee Child continues to turn out these great literary mysteries that are fun to read and provoke deep emotions.  Intense anger, sadness and exhileration can be experienced on almost every page.  Reacher evokes what is great about being independent and suggests the lonliness that this often brings.  I loved The Affair and Reacher keeps getting better without ever really evolving.
B000JLSM00|5.0|They were great to work with.Customer Service was Excellent!Enjoyed the help that was given. They were fast in returning my questions.Look forward to future purchases..
B001R60ESE|4.0|Fantastic Blu-ray, would highly recommend it, you feel like you are there in Boston. The quality is great and the musicians are excellent.
030746363X|5.0|I got this book and I love it. So many ideas for self-experimentation. I've started the slow carb diet and so far it is working and it is also fun. I've started competitions with my friends. After the 4 hour work week, which was also great, this is a great follow-on...
B005K17RU0|1.0|Loaded app.  Entered my location and it just sat there displaying a blank screen with my location at the top.  I unistalled.  IT DOESN'T WORK.
B001UV4XIS|3.0|This terrible director, David Yates managed to butcher 2 of the Potter films.... Half blood prince and now the Deathly Hallows part 2. Some of these narcissistic directors think they have to put their own spin on rewriting movies for their own egos... despite the fact that the hundreds of millions of fans already liked the books as they were written and want to see a reasonable facsimile of the book they read... not some unrecognizable derivative by an ego-centric director who only cares about his own self gratification and not the audience.<br /><br />The scenes were almost unrecognizable. The director managed to change the events in nearly every scene. Even the actors did not have their hearts in it. For the first time since the series began, they were simply reading the words of the script without any heart in what they were saying. It was obvious they also knew how the director was making a butchered, empty rewritten version of the final scenes... but their contracts usually prohibit them from making any negative remarks about the film in perpetuity.<br /><br />Harry didn't even take the time to repair his wand before trashing the elder. They did get rid of the mindless rambling dialogue Rowlings had put into the last book. Some of the new dialogue also makes the details for the reason behind things much clearer... which was helpful... without the senseless babbling and with a lot less rambling words than Rowlings and we did not have to endure any of Rowling's sanctimonious speeches by Harry.<br /><br />I barely recognized some of the scenes. Any high school kid could have made this film as Yates directed it. It is entirely the director's fault. All of his future films should be boycotted after this. He does not deserve to make any more films of any kind.<br /><br />Shell cottage scenes were hacked to bits. The only 2 decent scenes in the entire movie were the scenes from Snapes memory which were excellent, albeit missing huge chunks due to the director's efforts to cut them to shreds. The scenes escaping Gringotts and where Voldemort killed every goblin in Gringotts... was the other portion which was among the better scenes. Some of the special effects of the preemptive spells by the teachers at Hogarts were well done by the special effects CGI artisans.<br /><br />On a good note, Harry's role was less self-centered and less petulant than Rowlings wrote him. It was increasingly obvious in her last 4 books that she was growing tired of the forced deadlines due to the actors age constraints as she wrote the books. She was trying to turn the readers against him as she finished the series in the hope the demand for him would cease. She really wanted to kill him off at the end. At least in the films, this arrogance and self pitying martyrism was greatly diminished and almost totally gone in this last film... none of the insipid arrogance Harry had toward the others like Rowlings had written in the book... so that is one positive aspect of the film. I was also grateful not to have to listen to an entire film filled with the overacting and caustic voice of Bellatrix Lestrange except for the last 2 seconds where we were delighted to see her blasted into oblivion. She was quite muted without more than a few words in this film. I was quite tired of her annoying overacting and cackling. I never understood why she was allowed to get away with her overbearing absurdity in portraying that character. She was so carried away with herself that she actually punctured the eardrum of Neville in the Order of the Phoenix film with her wand in the scene preceeding the death of Sirius Black. The flying scene with Voldemort and Harry at the end of Hallows 2 was also downright absurd... bordering on clownish.<br /><br />It also was a crying shame how the house elf \\"Kreature\\" had all of his good scenes completely eliminated from both final films. Not one scene where he turned around his attitude after receiving the fake horcrux as a gift.<br /><br/>Killing off both Remus and Tonks, Dumbledore (book 6), Snape and one of the Weasely twins by Rowlings was totally unnecessary and cruel... especially in a popular childrens book. It was downright insensitive and unnecessary.<br /><br />But they have used the wrong actress for Ginny since the beginning. There was never any spark between their characters (Harry & Ginny) on the screen. She was actually better suited for Neville. Hermione also was not a good match with Ron Weasely either and the kiss in the chamber was ill timed. There was a better spark between Hermione and Harry on Deathly Hallows pt 1 and in the Half Blood prince when Harry consoled her during the Lavender episode. The makeup and costume depts  did a bad job on Luna. She barely looked like herself.<br /><br />The dialogue and on-screen time for most of the supporting actors roles are almost nonexistent. Mr Weasely was only briefly in a couple scenes without any dialogue at all. If you blink your eyes, you will miss him. Every scene you can imagine has been rewritten by this mindless APE of a director and watered down into hastened, hacked apart, cheap snapshots. He did a worse hack job on this movie than he did in Half blood prince which was a travesty in the hands of this butcher. Remember how every scene from book 6 was filmed in yellow lighting? It was bad enough to see his destruction of the storyline... but the yellow hue to all the lighting in the Half Blood prince was simply awful and distorted every frame of that film. Yates has no business as a director... much less over the highest money grossing films of all time.<br /><br />It was really sad to see the actors with their hearts not in their acting scenes on this final movie. Everything was flat and lifeless.<br /><br />A dismal end to a fabulous series.<br /><br />I am concerned about Emma Watson. In the previews on the DVD, she looked extremely skeletal and had cut off her hair like a boy. She looks quite severely anorexic. She may have a serious eating disorder. She looks like Mia Farrow in Rosemary's Baby who also looked exactly like this. I hope someone helps her before the eating disorder seriously damages her like the late Karen Carpenter.<br /><br />As for the Ultra violet... avoid buying them if you can. It is like putting a vicious virus full of spyware to search and destroy files on your computer without your permission. Your antivirus software will not remove it as a friendly program. DON'T USE THE DISC IN YOUR COMPUTER. DON'T BUY ULTRAVIOLET IF THERE IS ANY OTHER CHOICE. You will have a heck of a time trying to remove all of the UV spyware and damaging files after using an ultraviolet disc. The only way to get rid of it unless you are a computer expert... would be to wipe the drive and reload the operating system from scratch... and that would destroy all your files if you were not careful to back them up. Unfortunately, they forced UV upon us this time... but it will be the last time and it will never be played on my computer. I can live without other non-potter movies if they insist on adding UV. I only made an exception on Harry Potter because there was no other way to get it on DVD...<br /><br />Forget the blue-ray trash as well. It is only a scam to get more money out of you and force your media purchases under the control of one company who holds the patent. With a monopoly, this one company will control the prices as high as they dare as well as control your options on what you can buy since there will not be any competition. They want to get rid of all VHS which allowed you to copy free from TV and they want to get rid of inexpensive DVD's to ensnare all video consumers into their net... and by net I'm talking about a snare or trap not a network. Be sure to buy older DVD recorder models because they are trying to control what you record from TV now as well. The older models don't have these. This same type of maneuvering is going on with TIVO and DVR. They can actually delete things you record remotely... and have already done so. Just ask people who had copied Ventura's Conspiracy Theory episodes. The Crooks Ventura exposed in the episode about the water stealing scam raised heck so the DVR's from various vendors ALL did a mysterious upgrade which wiped out only those disputed episodes from that one series and none others... in every home across the country... except for those which had their remote access disconnected.<br /><br />As a retired engineer, I worked with a lot of technologies like this and the plans they have for future uses. It would take volumes for me to list everything. Most of you are too young to understand the depth of greed and the control capabilities of these designers of new technologies. Your love of technology will end up eliminating your freedoms, your privacy and your collections. Everyone will end up losing a lot more than they bargained for from the blind love of technology which these entities will use to control everyone and everything. By the time anyone realizes what has happened it will be much too late. This has already happened in other industries which are now controlled by super corporations like Monsanto, Microsoft, GE, Onstar, etc.<br /><br />Stick with plain DVD. The other format manufacturers can't change what they can't sell and the DVD's are quite inexpensive. If you don't buy these other formats, they will stop making them. They won't have a choice.<br /><br />Remember... most people who defend these scam formats usually work for the manufacturer or dealer. They always yell the loudest because they are the ones who have something to lose. It is the honest people who try to warn you of the pitfalls... while the crooks defend it.omeone helps her before the eating disorder seriously damages her like the late Karen Carpenter.  As for the Ultra violet... avoid buying them if you can. It is like putting a vicious virus full of spyware to search and destroy files on your computer without your permission. Your antivirus software will not remove it as a friendly program. DON'T USE THE DISC IN YOUR COMPUTER. DON'T BUY ULTRAVIOLET IF THERE IS ANY OTHER CHOICE. You will have a heck of a time trying to remove all of the UV spyware and damaging files after using an ultraviolet disc. The only way to get rid of it unless you are a computer expert... would be to wipe the drive and reload the operating system from scratch... and that would destroy all your files if you were not careful to back them up. Unfortunately, they forced UV upon us this time... but it will be the last time and it will never be played on my computer. I can live without other non-potter movies if they insist on adding UV. I only made an exception on Harry Potter because there was no other way to get it on DVD...   Forget the blue-ray trash as well. It is only a scam to get more money out of you and force your media purchases under the control of one company who holds the patent. With a monopoly, this one company will control the prices as high as they dare as well as control your options on what you can buy since there will not be any competition. They want to get rid of all VHS which allowed you to copy free from TV and they want to get rid of inexpensive DVD's to ensnare all video consumers into their net... and by net I'm talking about a snare or trap not a network. Be sure to buy older DVD recorder models because they are trying to control what you record from TV now as well. The older models don't have these. This same type of maneuvering is going on with TIVO and DVR. They can actually delete things you record remotely... and have already done so. Just ask people who had copied Ventura's Conspiracy Theory episodes. The Crooks Ventura exposed in the episode about the water stealing scam raised heck so the DVR's from various vendors ALL did a mysterious upgrade which wiped out only those disputed episodes from that one series and none others... in every home across the country... except for those which had their remote access disconnected.  As a retired engineer, I worked with a lot of technologies like this and the plans they have for future uses. It would take volumes for me to list everything. Most of you are too young to understand the depth of greed and the control capabilities of these designers of new technologies. Your love of technology will end up eliminating your freedoms, your privacy and your collections. Everyone will end up losing a lot more than they bargained for from the blind love of technology which these entities will use to control everyone and everything. By the time anyone realizes what has happened it will be much too late. This has already happened in other industries which are now controlled by super corporations like Monsanto, Microsoft, GE, Onstar, etc.  Stick with plain DVD. The other format manufacturers can't change what they can't sell and the DVD's are quite inexpensive. If you don't buy these other formats, they will stop making them. They won't have a choice.  Remember... most people who defend these scam formats usually work for the manufacturer or dealer. They always yell the loudest because they are the ones who have something to lose. It is the honest people who try to warn you of the pitfalls... while the crooks defend it.
B005UBNKZG|3.0|Intel i5 2500k beat Bulldozer in all tests, not to speak about i7. So, i5 goes for $180-200 and it's your choice what to buy. I'd recommened i5.
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I was not happy to see that after all of love stories that he has written that the he decided to dismiss the covenant of marriage. Considering \\"The Wedding\\" is my favorite book, this is now my least favorite book of Nicholas Sparks. I almost did not finish reading it because I was so disappointed in the development of the plot (not to give away too much). In a world of social media this book probably could hit too close to home for some, but I still don't like the avenue he took with this supposed love story. Temptation is evil.
0307341577|5.0|When I first read a book review for Dark Places, I was concerned that the story would be too dark, and I almost chose a different title for Book Circle.  I am glad I gave this one a chance!  The voice of the protagonist was bluntly honest, often cutting and at times surprisingly funny.  I THOUGHT I had this book figured out at the half-way point, but as the book started to wind down, it was clear that much of the background information that I had previously dismissed ultimately was substantiated in one form or another.    Although the story does comes to a final conclusion, like the rest of the book there is an element of darkness, despair and the sense that one of the characters had failed at the one solution they had seen left to them.  The book is riveting, sad, fascinating, disgusting, humorous and frightening all at the same time.
B00004W221|4.0|This is an amazing movie.  It has the power to move you every time you watch it.  It's really about a guy who was told that couldn't his whole life and thought that he could.  It goes to show, the one's who are crazy enough to dream are really crazy enough to achieve their dreams.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Great app. Ready to use, multiple versions and languages, reads many of them to you, and some download to your phone so you don't need wifi or network. Plus reading plans and extras. Truly a blessing.
B002BWP49C|1.0|I was really looking forward to the movie, I have gradually been drawn into the Twilight appreciation society by fanatic wife and two children, but to be honest I was very disappointed, it did just did not get going, my wife who has read the Breaking Dawn book assures me the rest of the story will be much better, so I suppose I will look forward to that, but found Part 1 very ordinary.......
B004LWZW24|3.0|A decent (if somewhat predictable) plot, effective camera work & direction, spooky set design, decent acting and some genuine jump-out-of-your-seat scares make this an above-average horror movie.  The tension builds rather effectively to a scary & satisfying climax.  But the twist ending is a bit much.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Great game, so addicting! I would like more gaming options.. like challenge mode or something else. But great game overall.
B0009P66TK|5.0|Great looking watch, the gift wrap was really nice, the watch is not too big, just right and it looks good even for right-handed people. The person I bought this watch for was really pleased about it.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|This book brings together some of my favorite obsessions: historical 'what if' explorations, time travel, JFK's presidency and assassination, and action thrillers.  It was a blast of a read, and reminded me that SK at his best is really unbeatable for an enjoyable read.
B001UV4XIS|1.0|I know nothing about Flixster or Ultra Violet, or BluRay.  I just buy regular DVD's and play then on my TV set.  I never play them on my computer.  This one came in, in Ultra Violet, which was the only one besides Blu-Ray that they apparently sold.I don't have the equipment for Blu-Ray.  Since I haven't seen the regular DVD, I have no idea what the difference is between Ultra Violet and regular TV, or Blu Ray, and don't know where to get the regular Harry 2 on TV.  As to the film, well, it's definitely not the book, unfortunately.  It's one of those crazy Superman, Batman and other kid movies with all the blasting lights and crazy stuff which barely ever ends. Certainly didn't end as well as the book by far.  Scenes between characters barely exist.  If you like action, you'll love the film.  It's filled with it.   I would much rather have seen more of the story line, and much less of the action.  There was practically no story line at all. Just a chase and get 'em scene, blast and fire, death after death, one after the other.   I always liked the earlier DVD's the best because the stories were good and matched the book pretty quite well.  But this last one.  All I can say is YUK.  That's all.
B002BWP49M|5.0|My daughter thought I would like the books, which I did -- a lot.  I have liked all of the movies so far, but this one was the best yet.  There was not one bad scene the entire way through.  It had some good funny parts, and a really good story. Having the money to hire good talent, that you want, makes a big difference and it really showed in Breaking Dawn, Part 1.
B003YL4LYI|4.0|Like so many, I have been reading the Song of Ice and Fire series with relish.  Unfortunately, when I started the series, I didn't pay attention to the fact that the series is not yet finished!  Apparently the author had too much material to put into one volume, so it was split into two.  The result (Dance with Dragons) is much more plodding than anything that has come before.<br /><br />My major complaint is how many people and names are thrown at the reader throughout this volume.  Even having read 4 volumes prior to this, I found it very disconcerting and annoying that I was yanked from chapter to chapter to different locations and groups of people, only to have to read page after page of their back story and history and complex genealogy.  The plot is barely advanced in this book.  I feel like it is mostly a filler...fan fodder thrown out while waiting for the author to finish the next tightly written, story advancing volume.  It's like reading the first two volumes of The Lord of the Rings, and then suddenly being faced with the Silmarillion before you can advance to volume three.<br /><br />In addition to the voluminous back story, the chapter titles are annoying!  If you are going to jerk the reader back and forth between locations and characters every 30-40 pages, at least let the chapter headings provide a clue to where you have been dropped!  By the time I was halfway through the book, I was fatigued from having to read 2-3 pages of the new chapter in order to figure out who all these minor characters were and where they were going, and then stop to think back to what I knew about them from 7-8 chapters before, sync it all up mentally, and then reread the start of the chapter.  It's been painful wading through this one, but of course, it's brilliantly written and maddeningly teasing about what will come next!<br /><br />I am giving it 4 stars because of the quality of the writing and the continuation of the massive storyline, but this individual volume deserves 2 stars and a rating of boring.
0307352145|4.0|The big takeaway point from this book is that introversion is as normal as extraversion and does not make a person inherently flawed.  This is important to know if you happen to be an introvert.<br /><br />American society seems to overvalue extraversion despite the fact that highly creative individuals may be introverted.  Cain goes into detail about introverts who made major contributions to society.  She also makes the interesting point that introverts and extraverts can enjoy each other's company--that being with someone different can be pleasant, even freeing.<br /><br />I had some questions reading this book.  Given the complex interaction between genetics and environment, is it really true that introverted temperament, as the author seems to suggest, is inborn and cannot be changed?  What are the differences between introversion, shyness, and sensitivity, and how are they related?  I could have used more clarification in these areas.<br /><br />The author describes individuals who are able to act in an extraverted way even though they are inherently introverted.  They seem to feel strain and require downtime to recuperate.  I would have liked the book to go into more depth about how introverts adapt successfully to social roles that require them to be more outgoing than they are naturally.<br /><br />One plus is that the book contains a great deal of sensible advice for parents of introverted children.<br /><br />All in all, this is an insightful if not exhaustive treatment of a vital subject.
B005V2S7FW|5.0|Runs on every browser, and most phones too.  I've used it for months and never had an issue.  If I have one complaint on my Kindle Fire it replaces the Amazon Silk browser interface with a cut down version, but that's a minor quibble.
B000B8QG4A|5.0|This movie is quite good, and my 3 1/2 yr old twins love it, but the best thing about this movie?  I bought it from seller \\"Top Hits\\" and not only was the movie delivered earlier than projected, but the disc looks brand new and I paid just a fraction of the new movie price!  Amazon is THE place to get \\"like new\\" movies that are just that - Like New - but cost less than half of what the new movie costs!  Amazing!  Amazon!
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|The last time I fell in love at first listen was Jill Scott. The time before that, it was the psychedelic '70's band Yes and the grandaddies of funk, Parliament.   Janelle matches Jill Scott in soul - but then she leapfrogs right over her with an album filled with genre-bending-mashing-stretching music like I haven't heard since.... umm... ever, really.  Amazing. This is what REAL talent looks and sounds like. Watch this crazy little girl in the coming decades. She's making musical history.
B005LNCMIE|5.0|It is beautiful. I am sure this will be one of the best album in this century. Metallica plays awesome. Lou proved ROCK is not dead yet.
B005HSG3TC|1.0|I pre-ordered the Kindle Fire and this cover. The cover appears to work as a 'stand' in their marketing photo. It does not work, and the very design feature that is intended to create the stand, makes it difficult to find an alternative way to hold the Fire comfortably at a good angle.  The hard shell case does fit the Fire nicely, and it is lightweight. The softer facing piece does flop over the screen nicely to protect it when tossed into a purse or pocket. This piece is designed to fold in the middle, and when folded back, should (but doesn't)catch a shallow groove in the middle of the hard shell back to complete the stand. Great in theory, but cannot be achieved functionally. The 'stand' can hold the Fire in position briefly if you can get it there at all. You have to hold your breath while you set it up.. then don't touch it. Still, it falls over within a few seconds. The fold in the semi rigid screen cover also prevents using it as a 'handle' or a prop to support the Fire in a viewing position. I applied a couple of small metal binder clips at each end of the fold as sort of a 'splint', which allows me to hand hold the Fire at a readable angle,  but of course you can't leave the clips on. Amazon reduced the price to $29..it is not worth $5, as it actually prevents ease of use. I will return it, but there aren't many choices out there yet to replace it.
B004LUS390|5.0|This app is great.  There are a lot of options you can choose from when sketching.  The price is really fair too for an app this nice.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Purchase and share this film with everyone you know. BUY LOCAL, organic, and only from farms with free range chickens, pigs, and grass fed cows.  It's worth the extra money.  If you care about your family's health -- vote with your store selections.  The more people demand good, heathly food, the more it will become available.
B005ARYEY6|5.0|It's a cliche to say \\"it doesn't get any better than this\\" but nothing less can be said about this set.  A great band recorded after they had been playing together for four years... four years of listening, interacting and creating together and it all is brought forth on these recordings.  The music is intense, timely, modern and awesomely creative and immediate.  It boggles the mind to think that these recording were made over 40 years ago.  I love jazz and go to many live performances.  It's sad to think that the high water mark for this music may have been hit in 1967 but these recordings present a strong case that it was.  This is absolutely wonderful music.
0061743526|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a terrific book for many reasons such as, an engaging plot, complex themes, and developed characters. Jean Louise \\"Scout\\" Finch lives in Maycomb County, Alabama with her older brother, Jem, and her father, Atticus. Their family is laid-back which leaves Scout and Jem to entertain themselves with innocent games. However, their lives change dramatically one summer, when father is assigned to defend a black man in a controversial case. Suddenly, Scout is verbally and physically attacked by many kids at school, and contrary to her tomboy personality, her father tells her she cannot fight back. While Jem and Scout start out the book believing that their town and neighbors are all good and kind people, they are transformed by the injustice and racism displayed the their father's case.   Atticus's case, involving the unfair accusation of black man - Tom Robinson, sparks the idea of lost innocence in the novel. The children's innocent perspectives on the world around them are corrupted by the harsh ideas they are exposed to in their town. Although Scout's innocence was saved by her outspoken and tomboy personality it is also the aspect of her personality that gets her in the most trouble at home. On the other hand, Jem is traumatized by the injustices thrown onto Tom Robinson - the black man unfairly accused of rape even though his calm demeanor is praised by his family. Scout's experience with school is another way the theme of lost innocence is shown in To Kill a Mockingbird. Her teachers can't or choose not to understand her, which only increases her stubbornness, but she does understand their teaching, she is only more taken aback by the cruelty in her world. Each time the children are exposed to injustice and ignorance, more of their child-like innocence is taken from them and they are forced to grow up faster. This theme is one of the main reasons this book captures my attention. This theme displays the delicacy of children's minds, and how easily they can be molded, as well show the horrible effects of racism on everyone - not only the victim.   I loved this book for reasons beyond just the plot, and would recommend this book to anyone who has read and enjoyed Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry by Mildred D. Taylor, or Let the Circle Be Unbroken. All three of these books share a similar plot line and Scout is similar to the main characters in both of these books. This book is also a great example of a classic, so anyone who is interested in the classics should try reading this book. To Kill a Mockingbird is the perfect coming of age story - because it shows the benefits and the cons of growing up. In addition, this book is easily readable because of the engaging plot, but there are also other layers of the book deeper than just the plot. I loved reading To Kill a Mockingbird, and I know that people even years from now will enjoy reading the story of Scout Finch.
B004SRNH10|1.0|I downloaded a couple of games and found this app was required.  I don't like the Adobe Air concept, I want to remove Adobe Air and the games from my account but can find no way to do the removal.  I will be much more cautious in the future about downloading apps.  I will do research in more places than the Amazon App store.  I dont' want trash in my account.
0374275637|5.0|Simply, totally fantastic. It's not a quick and easy read like Malcom Gladwell, not anecdotal, and in fact pretty dry, but I've found myself referring to it in conversation constantly since I began, and I'm only 3/4 through. I've now sent it to a number of friends, because I want to share it with those I love, and I want someone to discuss it with!   I truly consider this one of the single best books I've ever read, and I'm a big reader. Revolutionary both personally, intellectually and on a business level: there are so many insights that can be gleaned from it that I've already decided to read it again from cover to cover as soon as I finish. He is one of the world's most deep and profound thinkers. Kudos to Mr. Kahneman for showing us how we REALLY think - for better, and often for worse. Oh well! Better to know our weaknesses than to be lost to ignorance. Buy it.
B005MYEQ4U|4.0|Paris is an easy to city to love and Woody Allen's film does a good job of exploring some of the cultural history of the city in an entertaining comedy. Owen Wilson often reminded me of Woody Allen in the way he delivered his crazy lines and I must admit that I was surprised that Owen Wilson could carry an entire film, appearing in almost every scene. Also note worthy are Rachel McAdams who plays his rich girlfriend. McAdams is a pretty good comedy actress and she holds her own. Marion Cotillard plays the mysterious beauty, Adriana that he meets in his journeys back into time.    The film is clever as Gil goes back into time into the 1920's where he meets Scott and Zelda, Earnest Hemingway, Gertrude Stein, Picasso, Salvador Dali, Matisse, TS Elliot, and Man Ray.  Kathy Bates is a great Gertrude Stein and Alison Pill is superb in a cameo as Zelda. At night Gil gets into an old car that takes him back in time where he falls in love with Paris' past but during the day he runs around Paris with Inez and her conservative parents John and Helen. Mimi Kennedy is perfect as the white upper class conservative American woman. Gil is going through writer's block as she struggles to begin and novel. He longs for the certainty and glamour of the American ex-pats in Paris. Woody Allen has given us a clever and entertaining film on a wonderful city and the inspiration it has brought to generations of creative people. The film is recommended.
B000056HE9|4.0|I loved it, but where can I get the colorized version on DVD? With It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street and Holiday Inn now out in amazing color in the colorized version as well as the original black and white version, I can't believe they have not released this yet in a colorized dual version on DVD. Has anyone found a place to buy it yet in the colorized version?
B005NFVZTM|4.0|At two hours and 12 minutes, there is not a dull spot in the entire film. The special effects are superb but it was the acting that comes through for many of the cast members in this film. Michael Fassbender as Magneto offers us the finest performance in the film. Because of the emotional intensity he radiates, he is the glue that holds many scenes together. His part and lines may be a bit elevated over the other characters but Fassbender is pretty intense on screen. James McAvoy is believable as Professor X and Kevin Bacon excels as villain Sebastian Shaw. However it is actress January Jones, who plays Sebastian Shaw's second in command Emma Frost that rounds out the performance since they act in beautiful concert in scene after scene. Jennifer Lawrence as Raven and Nicholas Hoult as Beast also get kudos for jobs well done. The script allows the viewer to see how these superheroes and villains developed which added a bit of depth to the production. So with an excellent cast, superb special effects, and a script that keeps you on your toes, this film is very much recommended.
B005KMX866|5.0|I've liked Chris Isaak for a long time. I went to one of his concerts in Portland, ME a few years ago. Got to meet him after the show and got him to autograph his CD I brought with me. He's a nice guy, very personable. Ironically, Lisa Marie Presley was the opening act. She was in a rush to get to her next gig and so she was gone before I could try and meet her.  What I like about this 2CD set is the music. I grew up with Elvis, Johnny, Carl, Roy and Jerry Lee. Chris Isaak has the right type of voice to pull it off. What I mean is that you can hear a little of each of these great performers of the past in his voice. What is great is that he doesn't try to mimic or copy the songs. He does them in his own way, yet you can still recognize them.   If you are a fan of the great Sun Records Million Dollar Quartet, or any of the other stars like Roy Orbison, then this albumis a must have.
B005ZTFPFQ|1.0|Sluggish and disappointing. The sounds are all off so this kills the nostalgia. Too bad as it would have been awesome on the Kindle Fire.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|super awesome!! cannot believe it's free! I love that I can have it on my computer, my kindle fire, and my phone. A+ in my book. I reccomend it to everyone!
B00003CXI1|5.0|Movie will start automatically in 1 minute, 23 seconds, if you have not chosen an option on the main menu.<br />  This USA title of this first movie is &#34;Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone&#34;. In Great Britain and everywhere else, it is titled &#34;Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone&#34;.<br />  Running Time: 2 hours, 32 mins. Rated &#34;PG&#34;. Released November 4, 2001.<br />  Professor Dumbledore (Richard Harris), Professor McGonnagall (Maggie Smith) and Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) give a special baby (Saunders Triplets) to the Dursley's on their doorstep. The child's parent have died unexpectedly so he is given to his aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw).<br /> Eleven years later, the boy, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), is living under the stairs in a stairwell room. His aunt, his uncle Vernon (Richard Griffiths) and his young cousin Dudley (Harry Melling) are mean to him. Harry has special powers and is good of heart always. Harry receives a wax-sealed letter by special messenger, a white owl. His Uncle will not let him have it and burns it in the fireplace. In fact, all of Harry's letters have been burnt.<br />  Later that night, Harry is in the basement and a very tall and big man knocks down the door. It is Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) to save Harry. Hagrid wishes Harry a happy 11th birthday, gives him a present and tells him he is a wizard. He hands him an envelope. It is his invitation to the Hogwart's School of Witchery and Wizardry to become a student. Uncle Vernon will not let him go.<br />  It is Harry's choice to make and he decides to leave with Hagrid. Harry Potter finds it's easy to make friends at the grand school as he learns and studies more of his special powers and begins his first adventure in finding the red Sorcerer's Stone and coming in contact with his first opponent, He Who Must Not Be Named, &#34;Voldemort&#34; (Richard Bremmer).<br /><br /> Very fine movie for children to watch. Has the same wonderful feeling as The Wizard Of Oz (1939) and I do not find this magical film objectionable in any way. However, some scenes may be scary for young children so I do suggest parental guidance.<br /><br /> Also in the cast: Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, John Hurt, Julie Walters, Tom Felton, Alan Rickman, Ian Hart, Zoe Wanamaker, Verne Troyer, Warwick Davis, James Phelps, Oliver Phelps, Bonnie Wright, Chris Rankin, Tom Felton, Ben Borowiecki, Harry Taylor, Matthew Lewis, Devon Murray, David Bradley, Jamie Waylett, Josh Herdman, Alfie Enouch, Eleanor Columbus, Sean Biggerstaff, Emily Date, Danielle Tabor, Luke Youngblood, Scot Fearn, David Holmes, Oliver Lavery-Farag, Amy Puglia.<br /> Geraldine Somerville plays &#34;Lily Potter&#34;. Adrian Rawlins plays &#34;James Potter&#34;. Leslie Phillips as the voice of &#34;The Sorting Hat&#34;. Julian Glover as the voice of &#34;Aragog&#34;.<br /><br /> 2 Disc Set - Movie is shown in widescreen. Option of Language and Subtitles: English & Spanish.<br /><br /> Disc One: Special Features: cast & Crew, Teaser Trailer, Theatrical Trailer.<br /> Easter Eggs: On the option menu, move the sparklets on &#34;Play Movie&#34; over to the &#34;owl&#34; above the castle by using the &#34;right&#34; button on your DVD remote control. Click on the owl. You will see an invitation. Listen to Hagrid tell you what to do next.<br /><br /> Disc Two: Easter Eggs! Explore the school. Click on each item separately to find each surprise, but remember the third door corridor on the right is forbidden to see. However, you might have to enter it. Find the key and get your gold coins. Finding the magic wand, the flute, the silver key, bottle of yellow liquid will lead you to the red Sorcerer's Stone for 7 deleted scenes.<br /><br /> The next movie is: [[ASIN:B000W799NU Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full Screen Edition)]] (2002).<br /><br />Prequels:<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2016).<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 2 to be released November 16,2018.<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 3 to be released November 20, 2020.<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 4 to be released 2022.<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 5 to be released 2024.
1596680296|4.0|I gave this book 4 stars ,however I would have loved to have given it 5 stars for a beginner sock knitter book but I am saving that 1 star for a beginner sock knitting book (of my dreams)that is made for people like me that has a LD(Learning Difficulty)in knitting socks.   However, the book does have 7 pictures of showing the picking up the stitches to form the gussets but an instructional DVD would have helped me more in this area.  She gives an excellent demonstration of \\"Ways to Pick Up and Knit Along Gussets\\" on page 30, but I did not fully understand this method until I saw this technique in her latest book \\"Sock Knitting Master Class\\" where she demonstrated on the instructional DVD.   The knitting of sock is so hard for me and to have a book or series of books that break it down for adults that have a LD in knitting socks which would also be a great book to teach children how to knit socks.   I do recommend this book to beginner sock knitter because there is a lot of information and if you don't know anything about knitting socks then this book is the vehicle that will help get you there.   PENANDINK  Happy Sock knitting!
B005HSG3TC|1.0|At $29.99, it is $25 too much. Felt cheap, all around. Screen cover just rests on the screen, doesn't snap in place (like the magnetic covers do on the iPad).
B005K2Z2O2|5.0|This sleeve fits my Kindle touch perfectly and holds it secure. It is soft enough to be bendable when empty, yet, sturdy enough to provide screen protection when my touch is in it. I put the screen toward the flap so that the screen has the added barrier.  Pro's:  Fits perfect  Stitching is tight and even   Color is without flaws and doesn't bleed (I have the Black/Gunmetal/Red and red dyes can sometimes bleed)  Design and color not to masculine, not to feminine  Con's:  No way to carry light with it. That is all I can think of as a con ;) except that some people may not like the color I picked to buy.
B00005K3GS|5.0|This cd was good.  A few songs though seem to be out of place but overall the music is still cool.
B005K17RU0|1.0|The app simply does not work on the Kindle Fire. It needs to be fixed before it is worth installing.
B005AAVFDQ|5.0|This is great for any collection!!! Lately I've been fond on getting box sets only and this is by far the best of this year and second only to Shine On of Pink Floyd in my all time selection. I'm in my late 20's and I remember playing in my yard with this album in the background.   This is my true first upgrade to the original album, I live in South America where is actually difficult to get the real nice stuff....when I was a kid I only could afford a Colombian copy that actually sucked but the music was there and it is part of my life.  I do recommend this version to anybody that haven't got any new music from Nirvana since the original release of the album or to any hardcore fan just becuase. A lot of people complain about the new remaster, but come on...this is grunge!!!!, it is supposed to be loud distorted and out of sync.  The best this year so far!!!!
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Im sad to see the harry potter series come to an end, it is without a doubt one of the best movie series to come out in my lifetime, and one I have really enjoyed.  That said the 1 star review is because of the ultraviolet digital copy.  Hollywood is without a doubt the most greedy arrogant pieces of work I have ever seen to shove this pile of steaming poop on people that have itunes libraries of legitimate digital copies that dont expire after 3 years is amazing to me.  Ultraviolet makes me to coin a phrase from another reviewer here ultraviolent towards the movie studios.  The fact that it does not work on ios devices worth a crap is utterly the most stupid move they have ever done.  To say to 250 million ios users you dont matter is an  amazing display of stupidity!!  I will never buy and ultraviolet disc again.  I dont care what movie it is i will pull it off satelite from now on when it airs.
B005TQACLC|5.0|Just perfect. After seeing this live and not having a new Britney DVD in years this was a welcomed early Xmas gift.  A must for any fan!
B00430EQJY|1.0|This is a truly hideous production, a marriage of gargantuan stage technology with conceptual drivel. Unlike others, for me the singing is undistinguished, the conducting pedestrian. I wonder if the staging is not just a huge send-up of the whole Wagnerian mythos and ethos. I'm sorry I wasted $10 on the highlights, but glad I didn't throw away over a $100 on the complete cycle.
B0015AARJI|5.0|Yeah these are PS3 controllers.  They work great because they didn't change anything since PS2 controllers came out, and barely changed anything from PS1.  That's because they realized they invented the perfect controller.  Yeah they're wireless, but the configuration is basically completely the same as it has been for 15 years.  I wish they weren't so expensive.  I got them with some 15-foot USB cables from ebay - just buy the cheapest ones you can.  They have normal USB mini connectors on them, and they charge great.
B004UQPM4E|4.0|Agradeciendo a Amazon por la llegada de mi producto a Per en buenas condiciones y en los plazos antes de lo establecido... Sobre el producto, tengo que decir que no colmo mis expectativas por la imagen ya que es similar al de un DVD la remasterizacion es muy mala, entiendo por ser una pelicula antigua, bueno lo compre por que es original y en formato de coleccion, asi que para los coleccionistas se los recomiendo, ya que esta en espaol... lo vere con mi hijo de 4 aos para ensearle peliculas de mi epoca...
B005UDD1R6|5.0|This enabled my Kindle Fire to play MP4 videos from a Netgear NAS - which is exactly what I was looking for. The Kindle Fire doesn't support (at least not yet) all video file formats - so the .wmv videos that work on an XBox 360 won't play. However, it did handle MP4 (which my iPad/iPhone support) fine. I haven't tried music - but I was primarily looking for a video player, and this worked!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Wonderful app! If you want the security of writing down the things you need and not losing your information this is the perfect app!
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|this has to be one of the best games for Android there is! awesome battle commands, upgrades, &quot;job&quot; categories, similar to FFIII
B004QK5N5W|5.0|Works perfect! A 100% mirror copy of my iPad projected on the screen. Awesome! So glad I bought it.... Perfect tool for meetings
B005KMX866|5.0|I love Chris anyway, so eclectic but Baja sessions and now Beyond the Sun are my favorites.  I've got my wake up music set to \\"My Happiness\\".  I love the fact he stayed true to the songs and just used his beautiful voice.  It is hard to sit still listening to this album.  Wow soooo happy with this Chris is fantastic!  So glad I didn't just download it; just had to have the CD!
B004132HZS|5.0|SHERLOCK<br />Is one of the best shows by far, You really have to check this out.<br />I am not a TV person in fact the only other show I've really watched was law and order<br />and sometimes the news.<br />I actually stumbled upon this and man am I glad I did.<br />This is literally the best show I've seen in years.<br />You know how some girls say team Jacob or team Edward.<br />Well I say team Sherlock because he is so Awesome.<br />USA need some shows like this.<br />Thank you so much BBC!!!!!!!!
6303191347|5.0|This one is amazing. Love 10,000 Maniacs! Natalie Merchant is an american folk rock music hero!! Why was it never released on DVD???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
B004B63M1S|2.0|only not as intelligent, and more amped up.  i had to watch this a couple of time to decide if i liked it or was too disgusted with the stereotypes everyone played in this flick.  i was mostly disappointed in deniro and don johnson.  great actors(deniro anyways), but shouldn't have had to do this movie.  the others i could see, they needed the money, exposure,etc...but deniro, WTF?  even the italians were terribly portrayed.  that being said, the action is over the top and the filming itself is odd. at times giving the gritty feel of an older seventies flick, other times it looks more modern.  on the plus side, trejo kicks ass, always has. lots of action and t 'n' a gave it an extra star, cause i am a guy. and over the top is still fun...  bottom line, though, the message in this movie is pretty heavy handed and because so it loses its validity as a real social comment. i blame mostly the deniro and johnson chacters for that part.  lindsey lohan was doing anybody any favors either, 'til she got naked, even then....eh...  this must be the kind of movie rodriguez wanted to see as kid and never got to.  it's a bummer it was so wasted an opportunity on what i hoped would be a truly fun movie.  also, some of the dialogue is just the most god-awful tripe you've ever heard.
B005ZTFPFQ|1.0|The controls don't translate well to a touch screen.  graphics are too small to enjoy.  Just because you can make it run doesn't mean you should.
B0060V1WJ6|4.0|I wasn't sure what I was getting into, as I'm not one to watch romantic comedies.  I generally don't expect much from them.  Taking a while to find its bearings between drama and comedy, it eventually struck a believable and fun balance.  The overall plot was fairly predictable, though it still managed a surprise or two.  The entire cast was great and they all had great chemistry.  Not exactly a family flick (guess that depends on the family), though fun to watch.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|This series just keeps getting better. I absolutely loved this book. i enjoy James's writing very much. the story is very graphic and at times very weird to read in some scenes, but I really enjoyed this book. It was recommended as a reading from a friend and I read it to try to get myself out of a reading rut and it really worked. I would recommend this to anyone who qould want to read this! i felt so bad for Christian amd at times my heart was breaking for him!
B005ZTFPFQ|5.0|OK. I have to admit up front that I never liked Missile Command. After a couple of minutes with it tonight, I still don't like it. But the Atari app that it comes bundled in is really nice.  There are 100 games in total. The initial layout is a carousel of games consoles that you can spin through to access the game you want to play. Fortunately, there is a way to get to the games in a nice alphabetical list that is much easier to navigate. Missile Command is unlocked at the beginning and you can pay for individual games or buy the lot for $10. I'm still undecided on the purchase of the bundle, as I really shouldn't be wasting time on games with so much work to do and so many games already available on my MyTouch4G, but I will probably give in and buy it just to have access to the games on occasion.This is a great bundling app, which is a nice change from some I've played on PC &amp; Genesis. It even has a quit option in the game that allows you to leave the game without leaving the program, something not always found in bundling programs.  For those whippersnappers complaining about the cost of the games and the quality, these games are not for you. These are for those who appreciate games that took imagination to play. The football players are just squares on a green screen. We loved that back in the day. These games are about nostalgia and great memories. You form yours with your own games. Don't pick on ours.
B004T32SOK|5.0|nice way to store your documents! Easily accessible, I been using it for 5 months and I have no complaints.
B004LWZW8S|3.0|This movie is literally banking on the success of \\"300\\" knowing its fans will come out in hordes to see this film which is a fictional version of Greek mythology. Or that is to say, \\"Inspired by an actual myth.\\" I was disappointed in the story line. If you are going to spend $75 million on a movie, spend more than a dime on the script. And who came up with that ridiculous looking Venus Fly-Trap hood? What was most sad was that these are really good actors, but you couldn't tell it from this film.If you are a fan of Greek mythology or a decent script, you might want to skip this one. If you like 3-D CG violence, go for it or better yet, wait for the DVD and fast forward to the fight scenes at the end. \\"Everybody was Kung-fu fighting...\\"<br /><br />Brief sex, brief nudity. 3 stars is generous.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|Such a great family movie! I grew up watching this with my mom and sister when we were little. We would watch it every year around Christmas time along with White Christmas. I bought this from Amazon at such a deal! I am VERY happy with my purchase and I have already watched it twice! Amazon has never let me down!
B0058RCVYS|5.0|Watched this one on a whim, and was pleasantly surprised. A captivating story that takes you by surprise. Such good acting and a great journey that takes you along on the ride. Highly recommended.
B001UV4XFQ|5.0|love the Twilight Series a great series to watch if u believe in love. Is great for people on team jacob he finally gets that kiss he wanted and team edward of course. Hate to admit but edward is for her. even though id rather her be with jake. Its Bella choice and she choses. So if you havent seen the Twilight series see it. you will enjoy it. i love this combo pack you get lots of bonus fotage on it. Love it Love Love it.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Got it very quickly and product just like described.  I am very pleased and will not hesitate to order from this vender again.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|I love this soundtrack alot its so good. I dont like instrumentals but Love Death birth is such a great song it make me cry and u can hear parts of songs from the other movies and bruno mars song i love it its perfect for the movie. My favorite song is christina perrys song a thousand years perfect for bella and edward this soundtrack i recommend you buy its worth it.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Michael Bubl&eacute;'s most recent Christmas CD simply entitled \\"Christmas\\" has nothing but the very best holiday music. I really like the arrangements and Michael is in his natural element, singing at his very best without ever letting go of a superfluous note! When others say this already one of the very best Christmas albums of all time, I readily agree.<br /><br />Every song and ballad here is wonderful. \\"It's Beginning to Look a Lot like Christmas\\" gives the album an auspicious start, Michael's voice is warm and strong and it all holds its own very well. \\"Santa Claus Is Coming to Town\\" and \\"Jingle Bells\\" with The Puppini Sisters sport a somewhat jazzy treatment; and listen for more gems like \\"White Christmas\\" with Shania Twain and some mighty fine male choral backup; a stunning rendition of Mariah Carey's \\"All I Want for Christmas Is You;\\" \\"Holly Jolly Christmas\\" with those strings and more, a playful \\"Santa Baby;\\" \\"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas\\" which was first performed by Judy Garland in \\"Meet Me in St. Louis;\\" \\"Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)\\" which sounds upbeat and hopeful; the evergreen standard \\"Silent Night;\\" \\"Blue Christmas\\" with that New Orleans sound that is both new to my ears and really very good; the memorable \\"Cold December Night\\" written for this album by Bubl&eacute; himself and pianist Alan Chang; \\"I'll Be Home For Christmas\\" which was one of my mother's very favorite holiday songs; an especially gorgeous \\"Ave Maria\\" and a fantastic duet with Thalia of two songs as a medley \\"Mis Deseos\\" and \\"Feliz Navidad.\\"<br /><br />Don't deny yourself--this is one of the best new holiday albums out there--you will cherish this for many years to come!
B002BWP49C|5.0|I went to the midnight premiere of \\"Breaking Dawn, part I\\" and it exceeded all my expectations. There were no awkward moments like in some of the other movies in the series; the chemistry between Rob & Kristen was great; the acting was at its all-time high. I loved it!! I will admit, they stayed pretty close to the book in terms of the birth scene and it was pretty difficult to watch.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I just finished reading this book and, simply put, I love it!  I am a fan of Stephen King although some of his past books have been difficult to read.  Not this one!  I was hooked from the very beginning.  I have always been fascinated with the events that evolved around Kennedy's assasination.  Mr. King took this event and pushed it one step further with his \\"time travel\\" ideas.  It was so easy to \\"live along\\" with Jake/George during his travels.  I highly recommend this book!  Well worth the money!
B004LUS390|5.0|amazing.  I've been using the Free version firva long time and have to say this is one of the best apps on both android and ios.  Great job on this.  Now just wish there were some tutorials also.
B001THZAAI|5.0|I saw this film on the flight back home from Paris, France in 2008.  I loved it !  I found it to be entertaining and a wonderful story.  I have checked over time to see if it was available.  I was telling a friend about it and decided to look again.  So I am thrilled to find it available to view here in the States !!!  I cannot wait to watch it again.
0061808121|5.0|I was driving home from New Orleans, beginning to get very sleepy, stopped at a chain bookstore close to the interstate and found this little treasure.  If there is such a thing as \\"the perfect reader\\" Sissy Spacek certainly qualifies.  It is perfection!
0783231202|5.0|Excellent movie. The characters were portrayed well. I thoroughly enjoyed the way the story was told too. I won't mind recommending this movie to my friends and relatives ,thank you so much.[[ASIN:B005DN5BE4 Amistad]][[ASIN:B000P0J0EW The Shawshank Redemption (Single-Disc Edition)]]
B005LY4B0A|5.0|I've been using this game for about a month and enjoying it.  Your solution of a puzzle is rated at one of three levels: good, very good, or excellent.  The game is well implemented.  Very good graphics.  Hours of fun!  Works great on my droid2
030788743X|5.0|If you grew up any where near the 80's, this book is a treasure trove of childhood happiness wrapped in fast paced and slice story. The characters can be thought of as either thin, or just thick enough without slowing anything down. Cline is a master of pacing, allowing the story to progress without self-indulgence. As soon as he gives you a breather, he sucks you right back in. I couldn't put the book down.
B000JMKRKC|5.0|My mother bought this book for me shortly after it came out, but I didn't pick it up until this past summer. Whew, what a mistake I made. I figured this was one of the boring books that my mother read. This is one of my top picks of the year. The first few pages were a little slow, but then I was all consumed with this story. This was all I could think about, all that I wanted to do. I think I even called in sick to work just so I could finish this book. I hope that this author will be writing more books in the future.
B0062W3GRY|5.0|Excellent show, in-depth characters and I already loved watching Frances Conroy from her playing Ruth in Six Feet Under.  She's remarkable.  Jessica Lange is wonderful as Constance...so utterly rude, snide, and creepy.  Love to watch her perform but I would really hate to have the real Constance as my neighbor!  Has anyone else noticed the funny little tid-bits in this show?  One or two episode's back, Tate spelled out his name for Violet, but he spelled T-A-I-N-T.  In this episode, did anyone else notice that the two skeletons were humping on the pumpin the front yard?  Too fun to find the \\"funnies\\" that the producers are apparently hiding here and there.  And yes, each episode keeps wanting more.  Can't say enough about what a great series this is!
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|[[ASIN:B001UV4XJ2 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2 (Three-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + UltraViolet Digital Copy)]]  This is NOT a review of the last installment in the Harry Potter series which is a truly excellent finale. The Blu-ray version also seems to be a good addition to anyone's collection.  I just wanted to share with you my observations of the UltraViolet digital copy I am trying to access.  Warner Brothers really needs to work on this process. We are all pretty familiar with iTunes  - download the digital copy for which you have paid and watch it as you please according to the terms of your license.  With  UltraViolet you can't download a copy to your computer's hard drive and later transfer it among your devices as you can with iTunes.  Initially it offers just a streaming copy to the device of your choice. If you can figure out how to actually download a copy to your iPad or desktop, for example, it make take a half hour or more to get the entire copy - and it is in standard definition and for use only on that device. None of this seems to be user friendly - more Warner Brothers friendly, I guess.    Be wary of the UltraViolet Digital copy. If it suits your needs, that's great.  However, it isn't the simple process of adding a digital copy to your library as with iTunes. I still haven't gotten mine to work.  It may have been a better idea to simply download a copy through the iTunes store for use on my devices!  Oh, and please don't let this dissuade you from buying the Harry Potter DVD - you just may want to carefully consider the UltraViolet digital copy purchase. Be aware that it is not the same experience as with earlier digital copies purchased with DVDs.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I was looking for a case for my Kindle Fire that's lightweight and holds the device snugly. This case delivers on both those fronts. It fits the device like a glove, and it's very light. It makes holding the device in one hand easier, since the fabric on the inside of the case provides some friction when folded around the back of the device.  Folding the case to create a stand works just fine. The Kindle seems fairly stable, even when tapping on the screen.  It seems like a lot of the reviewers here reviewed the case without actually having it yet. This case was just what I was looking for, and I'm totally satisfied with it.
1451627289|4.0|First, this is a very long book, not long by Stephen King's standards, but it felt long.  I've read The Stand, by King, twice, so and that book didn't feel as long, which is why I can't give 11/22/63 five stars.  The writing is masterful, the premise is intriguing, the characters are three dimensional and memorable, but still, the book moved too slow for me.  Something I've felt in a Stephen King book or two, Rose Madder being one.<br /><br />The plot is terrific.  It starts off with the idea of a rip in the space-time continuum in the store room of Al's diner.  Jake Epping is a newly divorced high school teacher, and aspiring writer, who is shown how to step through time, going back to the year 1958.  When Al calls Jake and asks him to come to the diner, Jake is surprised to see that Al has aged, his hair has gone white seemingly overnight, and Al is now dying of lung cancer.  When Jake asks what has happened, Al shows him how to step through time and into the past.  Al then asks Jake to go back himself, and change a few things, including saving the life of John F. Kennedy, from Lee Harvey Oswald's bullet to the head.<br /><br />King goes into more than just a door to the past.  Using science, King takes us down the rabbit hole to ideas about space and time that are truly mind-bending.  This is the kind of book that challenges the reader, where we have to ask ourselves, what would we do?  Would we have the strength, and courage to put right the wrongs of the world?  Are we ready to live with the circumstances of our actions?<br /><br />The ending took me by surprise, yet knowing King's characters, it seems the exact right choice.  I believe that King will be studied for generations, just as we now study Twain, and the Bronte sisters, and Jane Austin.  King is so observant, and he knows his era so well that he can show it to those who've never lived it.  He knows our fears, what motivates us, how we love, and he knows his cars.  How he could get so many details right about the fifties is uncanny.<br /><br />The only misstep that King makes for me, is sometimes he can get repetitive to the point where I started skimming over parts.  This book could have been cut by at least a hundred pages or two for me, but maybe I'm just getting old and have too many books to get to. King is still my generation's genius.t about the fifties is uncanny.<br /><br />The only misstep that King makes for me, is sometimes he can get repetitive to the point where I started skimming over parts.  This book could have been cut by at least a hundred pages or two for me, but maybe I'm just getting old and have too many books to get to. King is still my generation's genius.
B0051UP5NQ|2.0|This app may be the best thing since sliced bread, but forcing me to sign into Amazon's Appstore is stupid, intrusive, and a security issue that is so far over the line that this app is proving to be useless. Hey, Amazon, name ONE legitimate reason for forcing me to sign in every time or the app closes! Just ONE legitimate reason. I'll answer for you - there isn't a LEGITIMATE reason. You (Amazon) just want to have access to my files. That's invasion of privacy! Fix this issue and fix it fast or I'll not just uninstall this app, I'll close my several years old Amazon account as well. Your choice, Amazon. Do you want to lose my regular - and I'm sure very profitable - Amazon account, meaning ALL of my business because you insist on being nosy by unacceptably intruding on my privacy? Makes me glad I didn't by a Kindle Fire yet, since I won't be a customer much longer if you insist on making me sign into your Appstore to use this app. None of the other free and purchased apps I have from you force me to allow your invasion of my privacy, and there's no reason for you to demand this as a condition to use this app. Clean up your act, Amazon, or I'm gone. You need me, a valued customer, more than I need you constantly sticking your nose in my business where it doesn't belong.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|this game is very challenging and you have to think a few moves ahead of what you are currently doing or your bug friends might be sleeping with the fishes
B001UG56ES|5.0|Great story and Nicole Kidman is great, as usual. You will love the storyline and the ups and downs in this true love story. Make sure you have the tissues close by. A movie my husband loved to. Not just a \\"chick flick.\\"  B. Seifert
B004EPZ020|3.0|PA1 scared me. I was checking over my shoulder looking out for any malevolent entities in my house. I adapted to the style, which is why PA2 was less scary. Sure, it had some tense moments but it was the same movie as the first.  PA3 is like PA2. It will make you jump a few times but by now you're getting used to it, so it's losing its power. I predicted the plot for PA3 once a certain character was introduced. The film runs like Blair Witch in the end and leaves a ton of unanswered questions.  Not bad. It's just human nature to adjust to something once you've experienced it enough times.
B00003CXBH|5.0|I had to watch this movie during my Spanish class in college. So amazing.  If it doesn't touch your heart...you don't have one.  So worth buying.  I wish I had seen it when it was out in the theaters, big screen worthy!
B0034DGPEU|5.0|This book grabbed my attention with the very first words, and held it the whole way to the end.  It was powerful, and beautiful.  It moved me to tears more than once.  I have not read this wonderful of a book since I read The Help.  I will turn again and again to the poignant characters in this book.  Do yourself a favor and read this immediately - you won't regret it!
B004W2UBYW|5.0|Biographies are my favorite types of book, but this is the best.  Isaacson captures the very complex personality of Jobs and also portrays the times of the early personal computer beginnings.  I would highly recommend this book if anyone is even remotely interested in the beginning of Apple and the beginning of the tech world on a personal level.  I loved it!
B003O86FMW|4.0|It's still a great book but it's not as good as the first one. I know it's always difficult to make a sequel so I tried not to compare the books, the problem is that I really, really hate love triangles and this book makes me hate them even more.  The problem most of all is I love Peeta, his been saving her since she was 11 years old, when he gave her the two breads and got a beating  from his mom just to help her.  Of course his mom didn't knew what he was doing because if she would, it would have been worst but even as a child he risk himself for that girl he felt in love since he was 5.(This is from the first book)<br /><br />  In Catching fire Peeta continues to help Katniss and continue his plans of saving her even if it means losing her to Gale because his love is so pure he is willing to sacrifice himself.  I don't know how Gale compares to Peeta because even if he was her friend he never said anything to Katniss implying he loved her or find her attractive until as Haymitch said Peeta made her \\"desirable\\". It's not only the fact that Gale did not volunteer to go to the games with her and protect her even if he could have said he had to look out for their families which I don't buy since earlier that day he propose the escape to the wood never returning, escaping from their tragic homes.  If he was willing to leave their families then why not go protect her at the games? Because in the first he gets to live and in the other he would have died trying to protect her and to me is clear he wasn't in love until Peeta came in the pic.<br /><br />I don't want to give any spoiler so I'm just going to say it's a very frustrating situation that I don't think it's going to get resolve soon in the next book.  Most of all what irritates me is not the two good guys competing for her love.  It's her indecision clearly favoring Gale one moment but thinking about Peeta the next one and loving been in his arms so secure when she is using him.<br /><br />Still is a great book, well written, with lots of imagination and excitement and I will totally recommend it to fans of the first book.well written, with lots of imagination and excitement and I will totally recommend it to fans of the first book.
B0063IH60K|1.0|it wasn't loading. ir didn't let me purchase it. I'm so.mad at this game. it is annoying.  ugh ahhhhhnever purchase thiso
140120841X|5.0|V for Vendetta is probably the best graphic novel I have yet read. The art is dark and gritty, and the story is all about an ideology. If you've seen the movie, but haven't read the novel yet, do so. They're two entirely different pieces. The movie leaves far too many important passages out, in my opinion.  It's about anarchy, life, love, power. It's about living your own life, and believing. It attempts -- quite successfully, I must add -- to send a message. Forget about the romantic love story between V and Evey depicted on the movie. It follows an ideology from begining to end, without deviations or setbacks. It shows a system being torn apart, twisted and turned upside down. It tells the reader a tale about the collapse of an authoritarian, dystopian government; a tale about a surgically and meticulously orchestrated and executed plan that ends in freedom.  It doesn't matter you're an avid or a casual graphic novel reader, or even if you don't like graphic novels at all, you will probably enjoy the read. Buy it, or borrow it from a friend, it doesn't really matter; just read it! You most likely won't regret it.
B005LFQRTC|4.0|THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN was a TV show that ran on ABC from 1974-78 and was based on a novel Cyborg by Martin Caiden and pertained to a former astronaut Col.Steve Austin(Lee Majors)who nearly dies after being severly injured on a mission who gets saved by Agent Oscar Goldman(Richard Anderson)from the Office of Scientific Intelligence & rebuilt by Dr. Rudy Wells(Martin E. Brooks)with surgical bionic implants similar to his love-interest Jamie Sommars(Lindsay Wagner)on its spin-off series THE BIONIC WOMAN, which debuted on ABC 2 years later in January of 1976.<br /><br />As a result of Steve's bionics, Steve had a bionic infrared left-eye kind of like Jamie had an amplifying bionic right-ear along with the fact that Steve and Jamie would occasionally team up together in crossover episodes between THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN & THE BIONIC WOMAN.<br /><br />Additionally, Lee Majors had opened the minds & hearts of audiences across the world to an era when we were starving for superheros especially when we had a knack for being able to help mediate problems to a point where the only resolution was by the hand since THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN introduced a new concept to our world of robots & cyborgs in order to enhance his ability to combat everything that was evil since Steve inspired us with hope along with the fact that the premiere of THE BIONIC WOMAN was inspired by THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN as well.<br /><br />Unfortunately, even though THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN lasted longer with better ratings than THE BIONIC WOMAN did, THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN cancelled in the Spring of 1978 shortly just before THE BIONIC WOMAN was, due to severe declining ratings since viewers felt that both Steve Austin and Jamie Sommars ran out of steam and were probably starting to get too much of the same thing every week since THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN & THE BIONIC WOMAN were too closely related and premiered too soon from one another, plus both shows were probably starting to lose a lot of viewers when creator(Ken Johnson) had THE INCREDIBLE HULK make its debut on CBS in March of 1978, which lasted 3 1/2 years since the Hulk was cancelled all of the sudden in November of 1981, due to budget cuts and a change of management at CBS.<br /><br />It was also interesting seeing guest stars like<br />*William Shatner in the \\"Burning Bright\\" episode after his co-starring days as Capt. Kirk on STAR TREK & before his co-starring days as Sgt. Thomas Jefferson Hooker on the police drama T.J. HOOKER<br /><br />*Farrah Fawcett in \\"The Rescue of Athena One\\" episode before her co-starring days on CHARLIE'S ANGELS<br /><br />*Anne Scheeden in the \\"Burning Bright\\" episode before her co-starring days as Kate Tanner on ALF<br /><br />*Colby Chester in the \\"Population Zero\\" episode before his co-starring days on the YOUNG & THE RESTLESS<br /><br />*Christine Belford in the \\"Survival Of The Fittest\\" episode before her co-starring days on SILVER SPOONS<br /><br />*Lincoln Kilpatrick in the \\"Little Orphan Airplane\\" episode before his co-starring days as Lt. Hoyt on MATT HOUSTON<br /><br />*Bill Boyett in the \\"Doomsday & Counting\\" episode after his co-starring days as Sgt. MacDonald on ADAM-12<br /><br />*Quinn Redeker in episodes \\"The Rescue of Athena One\\" and \\"Burning Bright\\" before his co-starring days as Rex Sterling on THE YOUNG & THE RESTLESS<br /><br />*George Takei in \\"The Coward\\" episode after his co-starring days on STAR TREK<br /><br />*Noah Beery, Jr. in the \\"Run, Steve, Run\\" episode before his co-starring days as Joseph Rockford on the detective drama THE ROCKFORD FILES<br /><br />*James Sikking in the \\"Solid Gold Kidnapping\\" episode before his co-starring days as Lt. Howard Hunter on the police drama HILL STREET BLUES
0450054780|4.0|The cover is different then what was received.  I hope when it is opened and read after Christmas it is the same book.  I am not sure why it would be different.  Was a little worn but overall what was promised in the description of the product.
B0067H9W72|4.0|i love this show its great it could use more people to get eaten though and maybe more horror but it doesn't matter i will watch it to the end. i just hope it lasts atleast another few seasons and if they do cancel it they give it a proper ending
B005OCFGTO|5.0|This was a perfect item for my 14 year old son.  We are not die hard Harry Potter fans where we need all of the back scenes and how the movie was created.  We wanted to watch the movies that were not on regular TV of how they were on the big screens.  This was ideal for that situation.  Amazing how much better the movies are after you read the books!  Now we have all of the movies and can watch when we want.
0452289963|5.0|Wonderful service and handling. Thrilled to recive the book. Thanks you for helping me do that. Nothing else to add except I am satisfied.
B004LUS390|2.0|Get to the title screen then get a force close message. This has been an extremely rare event for my Nexus S.
B005F6NA56|5.0|I rarely ever do reviews, but after reading some people who have given this wonderful album such bad reviews, I felt compelled to.  To start this is not your \\"Pop\\" type of Feist you may be expecting.  These songs are not as catchy as \\"The Reminder\\" Album.  This album at times gets gritty with the instruments.  It gets raw with stringed instruments.  It gets down to beautiful vocals.  It brings elements from different angles of music and makes them almost surreal.  Most of the songs start off slow and build into gorgeous landscapes that fill your ears with pure creative sounds.  Like I said, it is not very poppy.  It is very heartfelt.  If your looking for poppy you will be disappointed.  If your looking for an album filled with radiance that continues to grow like a tree on every listen, buy this album.  I love it, but it might not be for you.
B005D9MUWY|2.0|This was a 5 star product until the recent download. now swiftkey wont come up and i have to use the original keyboard on my thunderbolt.
B0043GN6XU|5.0|Have seen 3 Boccanegra with Domingo to date. Waited 5 yrs for the MET production to see it live in the house and lowe and behold a 30 inch snow storm.  This is the 3rd to view at home on a TV. Since I think Calleja is a replacement or successor to Domingo/Pavoratti, buying it was a must. It is the best of the 3. Domingo is fantastic and he makes the role his own as it fills the unique quality and tone of his voice that is not necessarilly a typical baratone. The Amelia (poplavskaya) best role seen or heard her in. Tekanawa set the mark for this role. Poplavskaya.s Elizabetha not up to the Freni, Scotto, etc who have set the mark. Other cast- especially Furlanetto make the overall cast extremely well rounded with no weak links. Far better than the MET production from standpoint of cast. Felt MET performance very weak in all but Domingo.
B005K17RU0|1.0|I downloaded this app based on the precieved value of the AccuWeather name, but I will not install it I just noticed the permissions it asked for!!!!  I understand the need for course GPS, but SMS, email &amp; phone is over reaching in the scarry extreme!
B004ECFW94|3.0|waited 5 yrs for this since Domingo said he wanted to do Boccanegra before retirement.(Still going strong with Rigoletto most recent baratone role.)Had prime orchestra seat for this in house and mother nature brought the east coast 30 inchs of snow. Even the theater doing the HD were shut down so had to wait for an encore that does not have the same electric atmosphere.  MET stage sets and production a classic that I hope then not shelve like they have the fabulous Zefferelli's since Gelb took the reins. Domingo of course is now setting the mark for the role but rest of cast weak particularly the Amelia- Pieczonka. Giordani is adequate, a reliable trooper. However, what is a shame is that the prodction the following year with Hvorostavsky far superior in all respects especially better supporting cast. This is the one that should have been preserved for the ages. Hope to get a copy of it taped from the  radio broadcast. I was in the house for this one. Sincerely hope Dmitri makes this a signiture role as his voice has velvet quality at the highly emotional and sensitive points in the opera. As an after thought, one must not minimize the old MET production with Chernov,Domingo,Tekanawa, LLoyd. 20 yrs later it is classic.
B0034G4ORC|2.0|I am glad I did not pay money to watch this junk  Hollywood keeps churning out sinker after sinker.   The plot was so poor I had to stop and watching it  over several days  10 mins here 25 there. Acting and movie's pace was way to fast. The alien bad guys just like Aliens, Independence day and all the rest of them never do find out were they come from.  I am being kind when I give it a 2 stars. It could have been better and as the kids say producers need  a do over.
B004KZDV8E|4.0|I am pretty happy with this CPU. It has only two cores. Some times my PC slows down when I open too many apps or some CPU intensive apps. Hyper-threading is a nice touch but they are not real cores. However, it is more than capable to run most of the apps and games.<br />Since I hardly run more than one apps. A two-core CPU is good enough.<br />The integrated graphic is minimal. So I bought a graphic card for gaming.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Many people want the happy ending. In this genre of dystopian fiction, there can be no happy ending. I won't spoil the end for those who haven't read it, but this book ends as it should. If you want a fairy tale, don't read this book. If however, you want to know what happens to the people you've grown to love, [[ASIN:B003XF1XOQ Mockingjay (The Final Book of The Hunger Games)]] is the book for you. The ending feels rushed but the end of [[ASIN:0545139708 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Book 7)]] ended. I would love to see more from the characters I've grown to love, but there is something to be said for keeping this a trilogy. Suzanne Collins can move on to developing other wonderful characters!<br /><br />Enjoy [[ASIN:B003XF1XOQ Mockingjay (The Final Book of The Hunger Games)]] for what it is. The completion of a wonderful series, and not a fairy tale!
B004WCTLNY|4.0|I'll see just about anything starring Matt Damon. This was a strange and sweet love story disguised as science fiction. Not a bad thing, really.  When Damon's character fails to win an election, he is bouyed by the fact that he meets the woman of his dreams that very night. The two connect immediately, but there are cosmic forces at odds with this relationship, and for the rest of the film Damon must battle beings who control time, space, and the future, and wear really cool hats, too, if he wants to win his love.  The concepts were amazing, and the love story very strong. The doors leading to different places when one wears the special hat is really interesting, but not enough was done with it. Otherwise this was a pleasant story with a fairy tale happy ending.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this book! I couldn't put it down. It grabbed me from the first page and I found it difficult to put it down so I could sleep. When I did fall asleep I was dreaming of the book. Suzanne Collins has done a masterful job of describing the events in this book and making you feel like you are right there in the arena! With the movie of this in post-production and being released in March, I'm sure it's popularity will only rise. But this is a truly beautiful book. A great book for both adults and young adults. Read this and continue on to the next book, Catching Fire [[ASIN:B003O86FMW Catching Fire (The Second Book of the Hunger Games)]]
B004US4K2C|5.0|works great on my nook tablet.  Gave it the real tablet experiance with very little effort.  No need to root.  No swapping of SD cards.
B003O86FMW|5.0|This book picks right up where [[ASIN:B002MQYOFW The Hunger Games]] left off and doesn't spend too much time catching the reader up if you've never read the first book. Personally, I hate when series books do that. The same pulse-pounding drama found in the first book, is continued. The same characters are back expanding the story you love. And the fight agains the Capitol continues. When you finish this book you need to have the last book ready. This book leaves you hanging and salivating for the next book. [[ASIN:B003XF1XOQ Mockingjay (The Final Book of The Hunger Games)]]
B0025KVLRO|5.0|This is the British release of the first Beatles album.  I've bought lots of \\"remastered\\" stuff that didn't sound any different from the original, but this is not one of those.  The sound here is clean and downright startling, like you're sitting in the studio within reach of the drum kit.  The liner notes say \\"these songs are presented on this CD in mono.\\"  I don't know what that means exactly, but in any case different stuff is coming out of each speaker, and it sounds effing fantastic.  No, with 6 covers, this isn't the most inventive Beatles album by any stretch, but as a historical document it's essential.  This is March 1963 !! At the time, the liner notes say, teen-oriented music was by and large singles, with LP albums mostly the province of \\"...easy listening instrumentals and musicals of stage and screen.\\"   But when the needle drops here, McCartney shouts \\"One, two, three, FOUR\\" and the band careens into \\"I Saw Her Standing There\\" sounding almost punk-like in attitude.  Not hard to imagine 5 million horrified British parents covering their ears.  But it's too late Mom, the cat's out of the bag... and racing across the globe.
0800187814|5.0|I've actually watched this movie twice now and enjoyed it the second time as much as I did the first.  This is sort of strange because before the first viewing I came fully prepared not to like this movie.  I had of course heard about it and of course knew something of the subject matter having followed the Flynt odyssey through the press as it unfolded over the years.  To begin with, two of the primary characters being portrayed in this movie, i.e. Larry Flint and Jerry Falwell are right at the top of my list of guys I would be least likely to hang-out with in real life.  To be quite frank, I am not an admirer of either...and that is putting it mildly.<br /><br />Well I was wrong.  This is actually a very good movie with some of the best acting I have seen in quite some time.  Woody Harralson's portrayal of Flint is rather amazing and I feel a good argument could be made that it is Harralson's best so far in his rather strange career.  I am normally not a big fan of Woody's, but I have to tell you that he won me over in this one.  Courtney Love plays Flynt's wife and turns in a performance that will absolutely haunt you.  The chemistry between Harralson and Love simply leaps from the screen.  Both have their part nailed perfectly.<br /><br />Now in many ways this is not an easy film to watch.  Potential viewers should be warned that there are quite a number of rather raw and graphic sex scenes in this one and that there is some rather harsh language.  I suppose this was necessary when you consider the subject matter.  This is not really an objection on my part, only a warning.  Also, many people consider Larry Flint a truly despicable person.  I cannot say that my opinion of him is all that high but I do have to admire him for standing up for all of us and taking his lumps like a man in his battle over free speech.  Rather than focus on my feelings for both Flint and indeed, Falwell, I focused on the movie and found it to be well made, entertaining, in a rather perverse way, and most certainly unforgettable.<br /><br />The acting alone in this one, including all of the supporting cast, is some of the best I have seen in any movie is quite some time.  Each and every player did their part perfectly and realistically.<br /><br />Overall while the subject may be distasteful to some, if you try to be objective, most will find this a very good film.<br /><br />Don Blankenship<br />The Ozarkcertainly unforgettable.    The acting alone in this one, including all of the supporting cast, is some of the best I have seen in any movie is quite some time.  Each and every player did their part perfectly and realistically.    Overall while the subject may be distasteful to some, if you try to be objective, most will find this a very good film.  Don Blankenship  The Ozark
B005I735XE|3.0|I got my USB stick because like all the other USB Special Editions, the songs were uncensored (in my experience). To my disbelief and disappointment, the songs were censored. This to me was a huge letdown. I like the images included, but come on, we can see these online you know? The whole reason why I got this was for the uncensored songs (it has a \\"Parental Advisory\\" label on the booklet unlike the physical album which lacked one). I would have absolutely loved this if it would have had the songs uncensored without the annoying beeps.  I like the USB stick (cute), photos, the music videos, and her Gagavision extras. Even though I love the album, I gave this a 3 because I am dumbfounded at the censored songs.
B00475AYJQ|5.0|I never would have expected a Fantasy Novel to make me laugh.  Now, mind you, this novel is not a comedy and far from it.  But, Rothfuss has a style that is simply charming.  I couldn't help but fall in love with favoured characters and hate his enemies.  Now, this book is far from romantic, far from blood and gruel and far from \\"overly\\" exaggerated fantasy creatures.  So, if that's what you're NOT into...this book is a really good pick.  I just can't wait for number 3 to be released!!!
1451648537|5.0|Isaacson does an absolutely masterful job of telling Steve Job's story honestly, sometimes brutally, sometimes tenderly but with, I believe, a great sense of awe and respect.<br /><br />I found this biography at once educational, enlightening and amazingly poignant.  I didn't expect to be so gripped by the story of Steve Jobs, I am an Apple consumer but not a fanatic so, while always aware of the man, I never knew much of his story.<br /><br />Reviewers have already said about all there is to say so I will simply advise even the non-biography readers to indulge in this one.<br />Perhaps they will also come away with a new understanding of a very complicated man and his contributions.  I now have a profound sense of respect mixed with a feeling of loss over someone that I will never know.
B003ZWTGKU|2.0|Werther is a drama made  for close ups and mid shots, not shots from the back of the opera house, and shots of the conductor's back. Camera work is important, vital in presenting these operas on DVD, but we who view the DVDs are NOT there and we don't need to be there in the opera house; we do not need to see the audience or the prompter or the conductor,  only the filmed opera as a film really, without the amateur  experimentation with a video camera crew, as we have here, that seriously detracts from these artists' singing and from our involvement in it.   It was easier to listen to this performance without paying attention to the video portion,exactly why I purchased this..to hear it only!Avoid this, and let the video artists know that they are secondary. Let the singers know too that they should be able to see samples, for example, of the dress rehearsal filmed and make judgments.
0316098329|2.0|I was disappointed by this book. The premise was intriguing, but the writing and story-line were uninteresting and the characters were inconsistent in their development.
1419702238|4.0|This Diary of a Wimpy Kid started a little slow for me, which can't be good for a kid's book. That being said, I think it was the funniest one so far. Greg gets into trouble, no shock there. He actually wasn't doing what they thought. He seems to be growing up a little bit, and that's good. All of the regular aspects of the series such as him having to deal with fighting with Roderick and having to come second in his parents' eyes to Manny are still there. Any child who loves the series will still love this installment.
1400032717|3.0|I mostly enjoyed this book, but the jarring and unnecessary use of some extremely foul language that seemed inappropriate for the young protagonist degraded it to a certain degree. \\"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time\\" would have been much better without the gratuitous and distracting explicit language, but the book is otherwise well-written.
B001LF347E|1.0|First off, my family absolutely loves this show. I waited a long time to write a review because my complaint is NOT about the show itself and I didn't want to give a low score in a review that should be about the show not the merchant. The show would get 5*! But the merchant failed to make things right so I wanted to warn any future buyers. I purchased Merlin Seasons 1 & 2 on Amazon marketplace for my 9-yr old's birthday, from a merchant called 'powersellmachine' with high rating, advertising his product to be new, factory sealed and genuine copy. Sadly, upon receipt I noticed that both DVD sets looked and played as if they were bootleg copies. DVD cover/box as well as the DVD labels seemed like bad photocopies. While the set was advertised to be original, it is in fact of worse quality than most of the old VHS tapes. It has to be some aftermarket, bootleg copy. I contacted merchant several times but no response. Paid over $50.00 for the two sets, quite a chunk of change and am left with useless DVDs and an upset 9-yr old. Save your money and buy it from anyone but powersellmachine!!! The show is fantastic, but you don't need to waste your money on dishonest merchants.
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|If this were playing in a museum it might be suitable.  Some movies are great when you slowly build  up the pieces to understand what is happening.  This one makes it annoying.  During serious emotional trials you are not 100% sure at times what it is about.  Not a big deal but definitely annoying.  The cinematography tries to hard to be art and that is why I do not like this film.  Not a lot of content and loads of filler.
B005O30Y5Y|1.0|The Ultraviolet digital copy is worthless. Every other digital copy you download into your iTunes or media player to view it on your TV, computer or portable device. Ultraviolet is a streaming service so you really don't own a digital copy.It should not be advertised as a digital copy only as access to a online stream. The movie itself is great.
B005DOKIYG|5.0|This sleeve is very slim yet is sturdy enough to protect my Fire.  I keep it unzipped on the end to protect my Fire while I am charging it.  This sleeve adds very little bulk or weight to the Fire, which was why I purchased it in the first place -- but it also provides the protection I want/need for my Fire when it is in my purse.  I have not noticed any smell that other reviewers have mentioned.  The price is a bit high -- but I am willing to pay for this sleeve with its minimalist, yet sturdy design.  Very satisfied!
B0067H9W72|5.0|I'm glad to see Darryll is finally getting some needed character developement. He is by far my favorite character. Glenn being my next fav, of course. A few viewers are complaining about the relationship building that is going on but I actually think its realistic and well done. The last bit of the ep was a tad predictable but I knew there was no way someone as holier-than-thou as Hershell wouldn't turn out to be a hypocrite or creep of some kind. I mean, this show is mirroring real life after all. I just hope we get to see more of Darryl! He's absolutely delicious! After you wipe all the dirt off of course. Does that boy ever take a bath?!
B006023AMM|5.0|I've got this album and \\"Different Gear Still Speeding\\" on a combined playlist on my iPod.  It's called \\"Beady Birds\\" and is probably the best Oasis album (and a double one at that) since \\"What's the Story\\".
1401223176|5.0|Totally rocks seeing  all the Batman heroes plus Superman and villains. Kick ass book. This is coming from a female DC lover fan!
B0058VW36U|5.0|so far i almost mastered this game. its so much fun trying to figure out how to get all the stars and feed the candy to the monster. very easy to learn and towards the end it gets really challenging. very glad i have it on my phone. amazing time killer.
B004TMPJP6|3.0|I use Wunderlist on my iMac, Windows 7 laptop, and my Android phone and it works great. However, the keyboard on the Kindle Fire doesn't have a enter or return key when using Wunderlist so you can't enter new entries or edit existing ones. Hopefully this will get fixed soon.
0061969656|4.0|Few today can equal Bernard Cornwell as a historical fiction writer, and this sixth in his Saxon Chronicles series is top form.<br /><br />Uhtred of Bebbanburg is again the narrator who has reluctantly become dedicated to Alfred the Great's goal of unifying England. But now Alfred is on his deathbed and chaos threatens. The Danes are waiting the right opportunity to invade and their plans are abetted by treachery, lies and a rival claimant for the thrown.<br /><br />Uhtred had previously sworn loyalty to the king's daughter, AEthelflaed, and assures Alfred he will fight for Wessex. Alfred seeks and ultimately achieves Uhtred's allegiance for his heir, Edward. But there is mistrust between the two and Edward's advisers create delays that threaten the regime and endanger its inhabitants.<br /><br />As always, Uhtred becomes involved in a variety of adventures which enhance the pace of the novel. In one he falls into the clutches of a sorceress in the employ of his enemies and she predicts the fall of England. Uhtred turns that around by creating his own place of pilgrimage, complete with \\"angels\\" and predictions meant to draw the Danes into a misstep.<br /><br />The primary function of historical fiction is to entertain. That does not demand adherence to fact, and Cornwell readily admits Uhtred is his invention and other characters and events have been used to suit his story. The important thing is they be convincing to the reader. Do Shakespeare's dramas adhere to fact? Of course not. But generations of readers have accepted them as such.<br /><br />Cornwell can't be equaled when it comes to depicting the horror of the battlefield and there's plenty of blood and guts as well as bawdy humor and romance.
B005GVA2L0|5.0|Amy's voice is so penetrating it's incredible she doesn't cry as she sings. The lyrics are just as  heart-wrenching and beautiful as ever! I cant stop listening to The Change. It is easily the best song on the album. It's perfectly paced and the chorus is very addictive! Just about every song has an amazing exhibition of Amy's voice within. The only song I dont really care is probably Disappear. Amy literally pours her heart out in Never Go Back based on the Japanese earthquake. At first, I didnt really appreciate The End of Dream but it grew on me.   I do agree that this album doesnt come off as inventive and atmospheric as Open Door but I think I like this album's heavier, more unified sound much more for continiously listening. I do think the arrangements could have been a bit lighter in certain areas, but overall I extremely happy with what's here so Im not complaining. I find the album very addictive and I am just glad to be able hear Amy's vocal rollercoaster rides once again. Cant wait for more! Love Evanescence!
B0034G4P8A|2.0|I didn't like this movie. It's really prediable and sort of boring. Besides thor and his father, there is no chemistry in anyone relationship. The movie started out pretty good, but after he was sent down to earth we found out that Thor and Portman's character had zero chemisrty and the brother twist was revealed, it got really boring. Natalie Portman is a sure way to dull up your movie. ZZZZZ
B005K17RU0|5.0|I had no problem installing and using this app on my fire.  I use this on my android phone too and I love it.
159102594X|5.0|Do you like perfect heroes that make no mistakes and have no redeeming qualities?  Or, bad guys/gals who are always bad and never have any redeeming points?  This book is not for you. Every hero is flawed (some are dangerously flawed), and the \\"bad\\" characters sometimes make interesting points.  This series even has its Tyrion of Lannister in Inquisitor Glokta:  that character of nebulous moral fiber, eminently quotable, who revels in and despises his outcast nature.<br /><br />Our heroes in this book have no overarching prophecy.  No controlling destiny.  It seems like they're just a group of people living day to day inside great events.<br /><br />It is pretty bloody, and pretty violent.  It is also the best and most unique fantasy series I've read in years.  If you have that friend who never reads Fantasy because it seems and feels too fake, this is a good example to break them out of that opinion.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Absolutely on-target; very simple to use.  As I travel, I have found it very useful in locating near by WiFi access
B005G4TJUC|2.0|This DVD does not play well at all. I wish I would have purchased this elsewhere. The price for this should have been much less to equal the quality.
B001B1UO6W|4.0|This was a good movie. I like how it actually showed you how chucky was \\"created\\". I don't think I've ever seen the first one before, because I never knew how it actually started. I don't think this one is as good as some of the later movies, like the Bride of Chucky, but it was still a good movie. It's nice to have around but probably something you can rent from the library rather than buying. It's only a few dollars but it's something that I will really only watch once a year, during Halloween.  This is a pretty good movie though, compared to other movies of a similar type. When I got it, it was on sale for Halloween, it was only $4 from Amazon.com with free shipping, right now it's back up to $11.00. Probably more than I would pay for it. If you're lucky you can find them every once in a while in the $5 movie bin at WalMart. My WalMart has dozens of them thrown in there that were left over from Halloween.  It's a good movie but not something I would spend more than $5 on.
B004EPZ07K|3.0|All right let's be honest, with the exception of Christopher Nolan's two Batman movies, Marvel movies have killed those by DC.  Green Lantern did nothing to change that tide.  Ryan Reynolds is great as the lead character but he has so little to work with.  He carries the movie on his charm and skill not due to any great help.   The film is plodding and features very few true great action scenes.  It seems like a movie that can't decide what it wants to be. All in all a weak addition to the super hero genre.
B0058EBNAO|2.0|I thought this would be a good alternative to The Weather Channel app but I found it confusing to use and configure.  Also why does this app always open at startup no matter what I did?  Maybe it's me, I found it harder to use and more obtrusive than other weather apps.
B004SD5GZ4|2.0|this has got to be one the worst ports for adobe.  there's no options for changing fonts and turning pages is scrolling.  no wonder company is going down the tubes.
B0041KKYH4|1.0|Thank goodness I rented this movie before actually buying it.  It wasn't even funny at all.  I am greatly disappointed and thought it was going to be good!  The creators really missed a lot of opportunities to make a fantastic movie!
B0018TLRTK|5.0|If you are even considering this CD, you obviously love Billy Idol's music.  This is collection of some of his best and if you already have most of his work, then you probably have all or most of these scattered among your collection.  If, however, you are just discovering Billy or else just want a bunch of his best songs on one CD, then this is a good way to do that. If you put forth the old desert island scenario whereby you can only bring one Billy Idol album with you, for me it would have to be a toss up between 'Idolize Yourself' and 'CyberPunk'.  This is great music but then, all of his work is.
B0058OUJA4|1.0|this is a whack rip of hex defends and retro defends. safe your money the menu sucks along with the game play. its a little too much and yet not enough.
B00008HCCF|5.0|Where to start...  I have owned this DVD for maybe 7 years or so.. I have watched and listened to it perhaps 30 or 40 times, not to mention having the music tracks ripped to a cd then iPod and now on my smartphone..  Is it the most polished, sophisticated concert DVD I have ever seen?  No it is not, It is just Norah sitting there playing her piano and singing..    What the hell else could you want....    And I do not care for her studio recording in the least, but this intimate little live set is gold..
B004SGWYVA|5.0|Sure, I've had my fill of zombiedom. Zombie this, zombie that. At first I thought \\"Man, another living dead knock off.\\" It is, but as far as the genre goes, it's pretty darn good. The standard zombie rules apply, with some new twists. The guys are mostly natural zombie killers. The girls fall in to two classes: Brazier busting bazongas that are useless in a fight (bouncy eye candy) and Brazier busting bazongas that are phenomenal in a fight (even bouncier eye candy). Seriously.<br /><br />The zombie fight scenes are cool - this is Anime like Romero would do Anime. Most parts are pretty darn realistic, even if the girls are really, er, rhymes with twitchy. You really, really want to see a couple of them get killed off in the first couple of episodes, but things normalize around the fourth episode.<br /><br />If you like quality Anime with the requisite bust size and high-school based plots, this is a no braiiner.
B004LROUNG|2.0|i hadn't read grisham's last books, but am relived after reading \\"The Litigators\\" seems like he has lost the touch. Starts very slow and doesn't really crank up like most of his previous books. this takes him off one of my favorite authors list.
B0053O89RY|5.0|This show is hilariously funny.  We couldn't stop watching.  We missed the first two seasons and caught up by buying the DVDs.  Our kids suggested the show to us.  I don't think I've ever laughed as hard at a sitcom.  The family is just dysfunctional enough to funny, but not so much as to be condescending and they, in a comical way, broach a lot of controversial subjects.  We're going to watch them all again and we hardly ever watch reruns of TV shows until about 10 years time has gone by.
B005974C94|5.0|An absolutely wonderful jam session that picks your spirits right up.  If you appreciate Clapton or Marsalis you will love this, if you aren't fan, you will be.
B00007KWHP|5.0|I owned the original vinyl record back in the day and wore it out. This is definitely ubiquitous for any Yes fan. The added track is America, a cover from a Simon & Garfunkel song. I was so happy that I found America on this CD! America by Yes is one of my personal favorites.
B005ZUR724|4.0|Order & Chaos Online is a full fledged MMO. On the Kindle Fire it runs very smoothly and boots up to gameplay in seconds.<br /><br />The game costs $6.99 which includes three months of game time. After that it will cost .99 cents per month, $1.99 per three months, or $2.99 per 6 months. This is a reasonable price considering the high costs of PC MMOs. The game also allows the purchasing of Rune Stones for real cash that allow you to purchase in game content such as, Stat buffs, Exp Increase Potions, and in-game pets. You can also purchase gold for real cash. I disapprove of this but it is what it is. The gold can be use to buy items in the game and increase bag space.<br /><br />The game has some issues that are a real disappointment. If you've played World of Warcraft you'll instantly notice the game looks almost like an exact copy. The art style looks very similar, the four races are found in WoW and look similar. The gameplay mechanics, character animations, and world art style look very similar. I would like to have seen more original races and art style. I also found there to be very few players. Playing up to level 10 on a Friday, I only seen around 8-10 other players and no more than two at a time. I think the game servers are cross-platform with other Android markets and iOS devices but I'm not sure. I play on  the Tear Coast server. There are also three other U.S. servers and 12 servers spread around the world. All of the servers showed low population though.<br /><br />Even with the games shortcomings, it is a very well done game and is very entertaining. I recommend it to anyone looking for an MMORPG. If the game isn't available on your device, check out Pocket Legends.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Great app for android devices, and is almost certain to leave you playing for many levels of fruit slicing, ninja action! Awesome for waiting rooms, planes, passing time, or just simply having fun!    Happy gaming folks!   - Ryan S
B000H6SXMY|5.0|Came in perfectly as described and the girlfriend is extremely happy.  The price is decent for long running show and everything has worked flawlessly.
B001UV4XJ2|2.0|Haven't even had time to watch this movie yet with all the time involved in getting the ultraviolet copy to work.  Cant watch the movie through I tunes on my Mac or iPad.  Had to install two programs just to get it running.....and then more passwords and two accounts later you can see a streamed version.  What kind of deal did they get from Flixter anyway!
1594203059|2.0|Ferguson starts with the premise that the ascendency of Western civilization is due to six \\"killer apps.\\"<br /><br />He then proceeds to make the case for each of the \\"apps\\" with a series of anecdotes, quotes, and factoids.  Conflicting ideas are dismissed with a sentence or two.  There is no rigor here...  Ferguson engages in the type of cherry-picking of information that I'd expect to see in an undergraduate term paper.<br /><br />I give the book two stars only because some of the anecdotes are interesting in themselves, but overall I can't recommend this book.
0679731369|2.0|Just plowing through this for my book club. Not engaging. Too intellectual? A really strange fictional account of a doctor who is obsessed with Flaubert (and I mean obsessed!). While it is an interesting format in which to explore Art and Flaubert, it is too artificial and disjointed for me to enjoy. Maybe this book is meant to be savored and provoke deep thoughts. It did not work for me.<br />I really did enjoy Madame Bovary and did not need to delve this deeply into the author's life. I'm thinking Flaubert would not have liked this book either...
B004J1DBJI|5.0|One of the best go to apps ever invented and just keeps getting better. I use it for astronomy and it's as useful an app as ever invented.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|great for work.  can create different notebooks for different teams and keep tasks in context.  it keeps me organized. works well on my fire, droid x and macbook pro
B000002UAF|4.0|The Beatles/ A Hard Day's Night:  All the songs are Lennon/McCartney compositions.  Half of the album is from the Movie, the other half seems to be a mixture of leftovers.  A couple of classics are here but a few are among their most forgettable (though all are enjoyable).  Every Beatles fan will love it, but it is not a cohesive album in any way.
0385344325|4.0|It was mildly interesting to get this backgrounder on Reacher, and it certainly cleared up the mystery about why he left the Army, which was dangled tantalizingly in \\"61 Hours.\\" What impresses me the most is how deeply Lee Child has thought through the character and his life. Child is an Englishman, and I find myself asking again and again, How does he know so much about the American military and a soldier's life? I'm saddened that I've now caught up and read all the Jack Reacher novels and will now have to wait to read the next one - at Child's convenience, not mine.<br /><br />I might add I think Tom Cruise is badly miscast as Reacher in the forthcoming movie. I think Jason Statham would have been great!
B003TJ4YU6|4.0|The 4 Complete Ed Sullivan Shows Starring The Beatles:  The Beatles have no less than 20 segments on this DVD which makes it an indispensible item for the fan.  Since these are the complete shows, we get many other acts, some of which are fantastic and others that leave you scratching your puzzled head.  Of course, some acts were fine at the time but are now hopelessly outdated.  There are however a few nice surprises along the way.  It is great to have these shows in their entirety but you will make good use of your `skip' button.
B005VMVUAQ|1.0|The movie is so unrealistic  it is so aweful and i have no idea why nicolas cage would took role in such a terrible scripted movie
B000002UAI|5.0|Beatles For Sale: This album is a mixture of their own somber tunes mixed with covers of the legends of 50's rock n roll.  The strange combination seems to work, although one wonders if these elements might have been made even stronger if they had built them up into two separate albums.  Yet, every cut is strong and that is what makes this album worthy of its classic status.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|Would be great if there was a login feature so I didn't have to start over every time I get a new device
B0009MAP9A|5.0|Bob Dylan/ The times they are a-changin': Dylan continues the devastating bluntness that he had given us (in his previous album) with a set of ten new cuts that bleed all over the blunted shock of newspaper headlines from the early 1960's. Rays of hope in the next generation are mixed with bitter disappointments in the capacity of man to do evil.  This is a masterpiece (yet only the second of many he would create in a series of masterpieces).
0385534639|1.0|I have never posted a book review before, but this one was so terrible, and the rave reviews so unjustified, that I felt it my obligation to note that:  1. there is no plot.  2. the characters have no character.  3. there is no competition between magicians.  4. there is no justification for the so-called \\"competition.\\"  I have read thousands of books (good, bad, and in between), and this is the first one that I hated outright.  In a perfect world, I would rate this zero stars and demand my time/money back.  Alas, I'll settle for posting a scathing review.  Please don't waste your hard-earned money on this drivel.
B00026WU64|5.0|The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan: Bob Dylan was twenty-one years old when he created this album.  This album (only his second release) is the first of a series of albums that would change the music world forever.  Bob Dylan changed music in the same way that Babe Ruth changed baseball.  Modern music history will be divided into three segments: The time before Dylan, the time of Dylan, and (sadly) the time after Dylan.  Thankfully, as I write this, we are still in the time of Dylan.  The 13 songs of Freewheelin' are like 13 universes, each telling a unique story.  The serious songs always get the most respect but don't discount the playful ones.  The bottom line, if you don't have this album, get it.  Masterpiece (the first of many).
B000QUCPWU|1.0|This CD is a compilation of reworked tunes that hit the big time.   Not the original tunes.    Very disappointing.  Ripped off by the record label = Stax Records.  [[ASIN:B000QUCPWU Very Best of Booker T & The Mg's]]
B0000542D2|5.0|The Beatles/ A Hard Day's Night (Miramax):  It would be absolutely foolish to pass up on the Miramax DVDs just for an extra half inch of sky on some wretchedly sounded old version of the movie.  This isn't Fellini ya know, it the Beatles having fun and in the process they taught a whole generation of kids how to be a rock-n-roll band.  When the Beatles are talking, I want to hear what they are saying and you get that with this version of the movie.  I want to have a decent audio for the Beatles songs and you get that on this version of the movie.  You don't miss a thing with this DVD, in fact, you get to see it more clearly than you ever have before.  The Beatles \\"A Hard Day's Night\\" is a Great movie and the Miramax DVD is the BEST way to see that movie.  Highly Recommended!
B005HSG3TC|3.0|This cover is ok and will protect my new Kindle Fire, but when I use it as an easel it really doesn't stand up by itself and I have to prop it up. They should have designed the easel part better.  I would not purchase it again for that reason and will probably try to find a different one.
B005QPGHQU|5.0|It is a little different, but i love it!  I have been a fan since  origins and i love  this cd! Took about 2 listens all the way through and i was hooked! Love, love it!!
B005QI4TP8|5.0|Even if you may not be familiar with Florence + The Machine, this would be a great album to begin with, even if it is there second album.  I will be honest, it did have to grow on me some, only from being familiar with the debut album which is somewhat more upbeat in it's own way.  I immediately downloaded 'Ceremonials' as soon as it was released, my anticipation could wait no longer, and I was shocked by it's melancholy ways...I soon fell in love with it within a couple of go arounds!
B004VMUS9G|1.0|The alarm isn't loud enough even when set on the max. volume so I can't use it as an alarm clock.  Otherwise a very nice app.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is great for reading and listening to the Bible. The plans are a great tool for studying God's Word.
0307593312|3.0|Having liked/enjoyed/adored all of his previous novels, Haruki Murakami is my favorite living author. I eagerly awaited 1Q84's English translation and quickly devoured the novel after its release. 1Q84 was an enjoyable read but not without flaws.   I will echo the other reviews who have commented on this novel's excessive length. Compared to his previous works, Murakami takes a Tolstoy-lian turn in focusing his attentions on everyday details and the internal dialogue of the main characters. This is perhaps Murakami's most ambitious literary effort and while I enjoyed the book, this style did not suit Murakami's strengths.   1Q84 lacked the wonderfully expansive and mysterious world like the one created in Hard Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World, the sheer mystery and intrigue of The Wind-Up Bird Chronicles, or characters that were as alive and real as those in Norwegian Wood.   While 1Q84 has moments of brilliance that stop you dead in your tracks, 1Q84 lacks the effortless pacing characteristic of many other Murakami novels. Combined with the surprisingly predictable plot, 1Q84 leaves the reader lacking for something extra. New readers of Murakami would be well-served to start elsewhere.
1594744769|4.0|When I first scanned other readers' reviews to see if this new young adult title might peak my fancy, I could have sworn many of them talked about its being a fantasy. I think readers will forgive me when I suggest that for almost the first third of the novel, I could have sworn they were utterly mistaken. Surely MISS PEREGRINE'S HOME FOR PECULIAR CHILDREN was a unique, compelling and utterly fascinating blend of contemporary psychological horror and gothic mystery.<br /><br />But, sure enough, our young hero, in search of the reasons for his apparent fears and the bizarre aberrant behaviour of his much loved grandfather, ultimately walked smack dab into a well-disguised portal and found himself locked in a time loop. He shared that time with \\"peculiar children\\" equipped with very special abilities as well as voracious man-eating wights and monsters, forever doomed to repeat a day in the middle of WW II, forever waiting for a devastating Luftwaffe bombing raid that would destroy the building and kill all the children he had worked so hard to find. All things considered, I'd say that's a rather unique setting for a young man to come of age and to find himself and the first blossoming of love and responsibility.<br /><br />I'm really quite jealous. Oh sure ... when I was a young teenage reader there was some good literature available but the teenagers these days are, quite frankly, completely spoiled by having access to a phenomenal range of first rate reading. And Ransom Riggs has just added one more winner to an ever growing list. Atmospheric, superbly detailed settings that come to life with vivid detail; wonderful characterization; high speed action; creepy gothic narrative that will raise the hair on the back of your neck; and much more.<br /><br />Some readers will complain that the story line is not complete, that some threads are left untied and that the characters are left hanging on the edge of the cliff. I say, bring it on! Obviously a sequel is on the drawing board and I'm looking forward to its publication. Highly recommended.<br /><br />Paul Weissard to its publication. Highly recommended.  Paul Weiss
B005HV6Y84|3.0|As with ANY movie soundtrack, there are usually a myriad collection of different artists. I try to be objective and listen to it at least twice before making any decisions. It's an interesting bunch of musicians and different types of music. But I really wonder why they used a few of the songs that they did (and WHY did they come up with the words for them that they did!!). In the end, FOR A THOUSAND YEARS is just beautiful, sure to become a favorite at a lot of weddings and the last by Carter Burwell is sadly beautiful because you feel all of the emotion of the movie.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Been using SwiftKey-X since beta - purchased it when it went live & been happy since. 11/18 update originally killed it. After a few reinstalls it finally 'took' - no more Android 'Touch' keyboard.  SwiftKey-X can't be beat for it's intuitive nature - allow it to examine your SMS, FB, Mail, and Twitter accounts to learn your tendencies and typing will become so easy - I find myself typing one or two letters and the word I'm typing will appear and I'm off to the next word.
B004EPZ084|5.0|This is the funniest movie I have seen in a long long time. It's very witty and well written. The actors are fantastic. If you are younger than 50 and don't take things too seriously, you will really enjoy this movie.
B004LWZW7Y|4.0|After the dismal Shrek the Third and the better but not-so-good Shrek Forever After, the box office returns for the franchise were at a series low and needed new blood. In being a prequel, Puss in Boots was walking a fine line. It could have been an origin story, at the risk of going through the motions, or it could have had nothing to do with the history of the character, at the risk of feeling pointless. Fortunately, this movie manages to strike the right balance and breathes new life into Dreamwork's Shrek world.<br /><br />When Puss (Antonio Banderas) finds out that outlaws Jack and Jill (Billy Bob Thornton and Amy Sedaris) have magic beans that can take them to the giant's castle, he ends up reuniting with Humpty Alexander Dumpy (Zach Galifianakis) and meeting Kitty Softpaws (Salma Hayek), and together they set out to stop the villains.<br /><br />The best thing about Puss in Boots is its three leads. Banderas, Galifianakis and Hayek are a fun trio, especially because of the cats and egg's shared history. We learn the story of Puss and Humpty's childhood, and how Puss became the swashbuckling cat he is. Their origin is the driving force for them throughout the movie. It really takes me back to the first two Shrek movies.<br /><br />Puss in Boots reminded me of how much I enjoyed Shrek 1 and 2, and in that I can can't help but compare it to them. This movie is funny as well as heartfelt, but not as much as the Shreks. There are certainly less memorable moments. The plot it also quite predictable, a family movie story that you can guess from the beginning.<br /><br />The first part of the movie fleshes out the three main characters, gets them to work as a team, and the final act builds on what we've learned. But the middle, the actual beanstalk adventure, feels underwhelming and short. Sure, the accelerated growth of the beanstalk, with the characters hurtling up toward the sky, was cool. But more could have been done with the castle, and the journey through it is disappointing. Also...Humpty spent a lot of time dressed in a useless golden suit. It was weird.<br /><br />Jack and Jill are also distractingly lackluster; they have about one villainous scene before their conversations are all about raising children. It's funny at first, but consumes the characters, and they never really do a whole lot. I wouldn't even be mentioning this if they weren't the main villains.<br /><br />Puss has proven that he can lead his own movie, and his two companions prove to be entertaining foils. The movie misses a few beats, for sure, but it's also really fun and made me like the Shrek universe once more. Definitely a hit for Dreamworks.<br />8 out of 10s disappointing. Also...Humpty spent a lot of time dressed in a useless golden suit. It was weird.<br /><br />Jack and Jill are also distractingly lackluster; they have about one villainous scene before their conversations are all about raising children. It's funny at first, but consumes the characters, and they never really do a whole lot. I wouldn't even be mentioning this if they weren't the main villains.<br /><br />Puss has proven that he can lead his own movie, and his two companions prove to be entertaining foils. The movie misses a few beats, for sure, but it's also really fun and made me like the Shrek universe once more. Definitely a hit for Dreamworks.<br />8 out of 10
B004XGN8W4|5.0|I've waited a long time for something like the GAEMS G155 to come out and now anyone can get one! I bought this before deploying to Afghanistan. I've been overseas now for a month and 1/2 and this system never ceases to amaze me and everyone who sees it! It claims 720p resolution, but just to see, I tried it on 1080p and it works like a champ! No lag, beautiful screen, this unit is tough and very funcional. Worth every penny spent and beats any other portable game screen out there, hands down!!!
B004LWZW24|1.0|boring, predictable, unoriginal.  this movie is a watered down poltergeist that has a few good ideas but over all a boring movie with nothing new to offer to the horror section of life
0545265355|3.0|Suzanne Collins begins her series in The Hunger Games with sharply drawn characters and a first person present-tense narrative that ignites an emotional immediacy. She kept this reader's eyes scanning each page and away from necessary tasks. The dishes will have to remain in the sink. Sleep will have to be delayed. Why is the wait in the doctor's lobby so short? I want to find out what happens next!   The narrator of her story, Katniss, lives in dystopian Panem, a totalitarian state that promises bread and entertainment while subjugating the masses to serve the needs of a privileged few. Rome is the model of her trilogy (panem et circenses - bread and circuses - is quoted in the third book) where tributes are chosen by lottery to compete in a televised arena (an easy reference to Rome's gladiator games). While the second book, Catching Fire returns her to the arena for clandestine reasons, the third book, Mockingjay, reveals two dictatorial regimes - the Capitol and the rebels - in competition for power. (One rebel leader insists that they will create a republic, but the head of the rebels runs a highly regulated and planned society with no respect for individuality. Ms. Collins' stark portrait of the rebel world has an eerie resemblance to communist East Germany.)   In the first book Katniss, like the masses she represents, is a victim of the state. But her noble choices and inner goodness lift her above victimhood. She defies the state in unintentional acts of defiance motivated by love and her desire to protect the weak. The story pierces your heart like one of her arrows. You feel her wounds as if they were your own.   The Hunger Games is undergirded by a strong theme: the dignity of each individual human being - regardless of his station in life. It is a theme lost in the subsequent novels and replaced by a muddled confusion as if its meaning has been stung by a Hunger Games tracker jacker. Their venom brings meaningless madness.    For a few pages of the third book I think the theme may be an anti-war call - complete with a couple of Katniss why-can't-we-all-just-get-along speeches. But then degrades into the heroine's own personal and bloody body-count as she presses on toward revenge.    A few pages later I think the theme may be an alarm to rise up against totalitarianism everywhere. But Katniss fights against a dictatorship alongside another dictatorship.  I constantly hope that our heroine might once again rise above her victim status - as in that first novel - but she enlists herself as a propaganda puppet for the rebel-dictatorship, is used by the overthrown dictator, and her noble spirit and innate goodness is swallowed up by her own madness.     The third book quickly loses her simple dignity and it is never regained. Katniss whines and criticizes those who lie and manipulate while she herself whines and lies and manipulates.    In the end, there is little left but the shell of characters we once loved, surrounded by action sequences and vivid imagery that are undeservedly well-written.  Ms. Collins made me believe that she had faith in the individual in The Hunger Games. The promise of the dignity of the individual made me crave a fight for freedom in Catching Fire. I remained at the table only to be disappointed with Mockingjay.     I hungered for a heroine. Katniss becomes an anti-hero. I wanted a fight for freedom. She fed me another dictatorship. I was famished for an American Revolution, or perhaps an Allied emancipation of Europe from the Nazis. She made me choke on the French Revolution and the battling triumvirates of Rome rolled into one - not a lot of heroic nourishment there.   Had Ms. Collins served-up a feast of noble-filled-rich-themes, as in the first book, this could have been a series for the ages. As it is, The Hunger Games trilogy leaves me emaciated with disappointment.  PREDICTION: Hollywood doesn't always produce movies with great themes, but they rarely will produce an action picture where the heroine fails to rise to heroic stature. They will not allow Katniss to become less than she was in the first book and movie (due in March 2012). The first two books will follow the story fairly closely, but Hollywood's third act, Mockingjay, Katniss will not become the deranged victim of circumstances Suzanne Collins deconstructed her to be. Hollywood will put her back on the heroic path she began. That's my prediction -- and hope -- (and perhaps it will redeem the story and heroine for me as well).
0786856297|5.0|Read this after the movie and I must say it made me want to read the series. Great book and series for the reader who likes heroes in the modern world.
B004SRNH10|5.0|great web app dev platform<br /><br />Every time you reload an html5 page to test compatibility just know you wasted your time<br />when you could have written it once in AIR
1423101464|5.0|Read this after reading the first 3 books and it made me want to finish the series. Great book and series for the reader who likes heroes in the modern world with a splash of mythology.
B0053F042G|4.0|as long as you stick to the story line and dont ask \\"how can this be?\\" - your ok.<br />cast performance is great and the plot unravels fast.
B005GP7F8Y|1.0|Just popped this Blu Ray into my player and the movie is in German.  It looks like the titles are in French!  The quality is very poor.  This film was directed by Marlon Brando and I'm pretty sure he didn't make it in German with French titles!  I have returned the Blu-Ray for refund. Glad that Amazon had pulled this product!
B004VMVTNU|1.0|works, but so does the stock droid one. just sayin' *If you looking for fancy cool alarm clocks there are better ones out there.
B003LPR4ZK|4.0|What a great way to spend a Friday night.  This movie was such a delight to watch.  I totally love Anthony Hopkins and he was perfect for the role of Frank.  Thanks so much Amazon.com Prime for the great selection of movies to occupy my evenings.
B000FTWB7G|5.0|Once again, Amy Lee and Evanescence have easily surpassed their rock peers with this outstanding work.  I was going through a break-up myself when \\"Fallen\\" came out in the early 2000's, and fell in love with Lee's edgy yet somehow longing-filled vocals.  This woman can sing absolutely anything from soft ballads to pop to rock... and do it exceptionally well.  \\"The Open Door\\" is even better than I expected.  After \\"Fallen\\", I felt it would be very difficult to follow up on that classic, but Evanescence has pulled it off with their usual style and class... in other words, if you liked \\"Fallen\\", you will also like \\"The Open Door.\\"    Being over 50 years old and loving Lee and Evanescence should tell you something about the broad appeal of this group.  So... onto their newer self-titled album I go! :)
B0014Z4OQG|3.0|Years after the impact of The Blair Witch Project had seemed to fade we finally get another \\"cam\\" movie that manages to have an affect worthy to discuss.Half Godzilla,half Blair Witch,Cloverfield gives the monster movie genre a new staple and spark that has now been copied many a times sense.  I really want to rate this movie higher but their are too many instances where the film just stretches what I can actually believe. I can buy into the monster and all the chaos which therefore follows. However, I can't buy into the fact a woman can be impaled one minute atop a building on the verge of collapse and then be running for her life 10 minutes later.  I also laugh at the very notion that this huge monster can take down a rescue helicopter that kills both helmet wearing pilots yet the three civilians without any protective padding whatsoever all manage to live and guess what else is still going strong? That's right the camcorder! Thus some liberties are taken almost to the extreme to pull off the handheld effect the movie goes for.  But in saying all that Cloverfield is still a movie I enjoyed,just not one I fell in love with. It has some truly creepy scenes and does manage to tug at your emotions in brief intervals,i just found it to stretch the level of realism more into the fantastic than I was willing to believe.
B005Q2XTLY|5.0|I'll keep this short and sweet. Biophilia is a work of art unlike anything I've ever seen or heard. She really took her time with this one, and it shows. She makes me want to light an incense, drink some chamomile tea, and then get into a bloody fight!  I find her to be one of the most interesting, talented, musically-minded, entertaining, and all around greatest artists of the 21st century, if not all time. She sets a standard that nobody else even has the capacity to match, and Biophilia is her showcase piece, in my opinion.  After an only modestly favorable impression of Volta, I was concerned that Ms. Gudmundsdottir might be straying away from astounding and wonderful. I'm incredibly glad she proved me wrong. SO wrong!  I am addicted to this album, and my favorite tracks are \\"Sacrifice\\" and \\"Mutual Core,\\" though unlike most of her other albums, this one really doesn't have any filler material, except for maybe \\"Solstice.\\"  This is a gem and anyone who doesn't own it and listen to it regularly (with a good set of headphones) is really missing out, in my opinion.  Long live that Icelandic lunatic!
B000BB1MI2|5.0|I got this DVD for my nephew, who adores this movie. As for myself, I think it's great but I still like the original better.
B004SDEP38|3.0|I have used it for awhile and so far so good.  No major issue to report.  keep up the good work.
B005HSL626|5.0|This game is so fun in my opinion. The only things that annoy me, not even by much at that, are the ads. But at least you get this game for free!
B004UUKDNA|1.0|I don't understand why this band is so popular right now. Their most played song (\\"Pumped Up Kicks\\") is actually pretty disturbing, but no one realizes it because they don't hear the lyrics, they hear the fun beat and the catchy whistling. Besides all that, they're obviously trying to be the Gorillaz, which irritating because, just like Coldplay tried to be U2, bands trying to be other bands rarely produce anything close to the quality of their model. Again, the song \\"Pumped Up Kicks\\" is a prime example of this; it even uses the same grainy, megaphone-like vocal effect. Honestly, don't buy into their popularity. They're really not that great.
B005K2XUPK|5.0|Love the rugged feel of this sleeve. The nylon seems tough and the stitching is well done. The interior is soft and smooth, as is the lip of the opening; nothing to scratch the screen of my new Fire. The fit is snug and the padding seems sufficient to protect the device from a fall of a few feet. Anything over that and I would worry about the shock of the fall being too much, but this isn't an OtterBox or a LifeProof case so I wouldn't expect complete protection. Besides, I didn't want to spend $80+ to protect a $200 device. This is a well made sleeve that will protect my Fire from weather and normal bumps and shocks. It looks great and feels good in the hand. Exactly what I wanted at a price I was comfortable with.  Updated - After having this for several weeks I have to say that my impression has only gotten better. The texture of the sleeve is very nice in the hand and it looks great. It has done a great job of protecting my Fire since I've had it. The Fire fell off the top of my refrigerator, a fall of about 6 feet, in the case and came through without a scratch. I don't know if it's due to the case or the build quality of the Fire but I'm thrilled it wasn't damaged. My son has also knocked it out of my hand while in the case, a fall of about 3 feet, and it was fine. So I am very happy with this case.
B00005J6UP|5.0|A classic film from the 1980s. I loved it so much it inspired my book, STARS OF ASTORIA.  [[ASIN:B005YBRB4I Stars of Astoria]]
B004ZWKWQQ|5.0|This is a terrific Lego set.  It is rather large and is definitely for those older than 14.  It takes awhile to put together.  It's fairly strong as far as Legos go, but most Lego sets have parts that break off easily so that's to be expected.
1439170916|5.0|From 18th century London Chimney Sweep to the cutting edge molecular labs in contemporary Palo Alto, Cancer, the king of human ailment, was biographed splendidly and convivially. Author adroitly lead the audience through vast ocean of facts, history, myth about,and men's continual battle against, this Emperor's army.  Dr. Mukherjee achieved the rarefied feat of entertaining while educating.
B0050DZN4K|5.0|Works awesome on firefox, my android phone, and iPad. Won't sync with google reader which makes it pointless on Kindle Fire. I would hate to suspect that Amazon is blocking the app on purpose.<br /><br />UPDATE: Now works great on Kindle Fire!
6304708491|5.0|This is such a fun movie, fast paced adventure and humor with a terrific Beatles sound track.  Great way to get your little ones into the Beatles. The most family friendly and accessible of all the Beatles movies.
0307888681|5.0|Its an awesome book enough said. It is interesting and im really looking forward to the movie version of it.
B005QPMB2Y|5.0|I was disappointed that the browser in my new Kindle Fire didn't support plugins and I wouldn't be able to check my cam on my Fire. But then I found this little app!<br /><br />I tried the free version first and it worked like a charm but it has little ads on the display. But it works so it's worth $4. It's easy to setup and use. Just select the brand of your cam and it lists the available models. Of course you have to know the port number and have it set up but that's how IP cams work no matter what software you use.<br /><br />Awesome app that just made me happier about my Kindle Fire!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Contrary to other reviews I've seen, I think it is a well made product. It's lightweight,  and even does a good job further recessing the infamous power button.
B003VANOFY|3.0|This microphone was well-built, but was not made to last on the technical side at least.  I had to send in mine to get replaced for free by Logitech.  Logitech does have good technical support so that was an upside.  The wireless feature is very useful and works.  The sound quality and compatibility of this microphone are excellent.  I used it on both mac and windows and it worked superbly on both.  My only major gripe besides the technical difficulties is that even with these adjusted they clamp down tight on my head which makes them uncomfortable for long periods of use.  Ultimately, I would rate this microphone as follows:  Build Quality 3/5  Compatibility 5/5  Support 5/5  Function 4/5  Comfort 2/5
B005UDD1R6|4.0|This app while not playing all my vid filed on K. fire plays most of em download it and try
0385344325|4.0|If you've read the Reacher novels and wonder how he came to leave the military as I did, this is the place to find the answer.  It's as good as all the rest of the Reacher novels and gives further insight to this quirky guy.
B005I6EU7U|1.0|BUYER BEWARE  I bought this with my kindle fire preorder knowing full well it was overpriced (compare to other tablet sleeves etc: typically 10~20 dollars) but wanted to have something for release day. Plus I figured it might be a little better quality than the usual stuff, though I'm not delusional and am aware these things are high margin.  However, the straps for this are completely miss-sized, far too small for the fire. Its not just a little bit off, you would break either the straps or the screen trying to force it.  The build quality is rather mediocre considering the high price (lets face it, all these tablet accessories are made in the usual places by cheap labor then shipped across the ocean in bulk)  I could easily do better myself buying a real hardback book of proper size with a nice cover, cut out the pages with a utility blade and attach elastic straps from a craft store.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|it knows my every move! I feel like it's faster than swipe on my 4G my touch. I would go crazy without this
B0041KKYGU|2.0|Saw this on the airplane.<br /><br />While the premise of a teacher who hates her students is definitely serviceable, I was annoyed by two things:<br /><br />1.  In the movie, the teacher's supposedly brutal sense of humor was too soft.  She really should have been much crueler.  I think this is because the film was going for the wrong sense of humor.  It was going for the shock-joke nature of comedy, while it should have been aiming at a sardonic, ironic kind of humor.  I kept waiting for her to unload some nasty, soul-crushing comments on the students or other faculty, but instead she was just a paper tiger.<br /><br />2.  While her character was well-sketched, she underwent a complete, unprovoked reversal at the very end that betrayed everything that had gone before.  Quite apart from the fact that that ending could be seen coming from a mile way, the movie hadn't \\"earned\\" it.  It felt abrupt, felt like they had just done it because her renouncing her big goal abruptly at the end of the movie and starting to love teaching was what was expected by the audience.  But the movie would have been tons more effective and memorable if she stuck it out through the end, got her plastic surgery, and then given everyone the finger at the end of the movie.  It would have been much truer to her character and the nature of the film in general.<br /><br />In other words, ruined by a Hollywood ending.
1582701709|1.0|It appears that, according to this woman, the almost 3000 innocent people who perished in the 9/11 attacks wished it upon themselves. Also, cancer is your own fault, and all the bad accidents that befall you are your own doing. This is the only conclusion I can draw from her scatter-brianed misinterpretation of the pseudo-science of positive thinking. Still want to buy the book?
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|I found this daringly imaginative and yet easy to follow.<br /><br />Most of the well-known Studio Ghibli films have left me cold:  I couldn't understand them, couldn't understand their premises.<br /><br />This one would seem to be a problem with this one as well (after all, they never really explain the story of that mysterious man, the master of the ocean), but for some reason it doesn't matter and you can understand all that is important.<br /><br />In short, a feast for the imagination that doesn't leave you baffled.
B000HACVWI|5.0|The problem with critics is they watch to criticize. This series has a wonderful storyline and does a great job of portraying real life in a storyline that you can become a part of.  I, for one, believe the western theme does fit into the sci-fi realm. While it takes getting used to, you find it becomes a natural part of this story.
B005P89F1C|1.0|I agree this is not well put together at all.  The first two songs I could sit through, but after that it got stale real quick.  His voice is so monotone.  He needs to learn to change it up a bit.  This cd goes on and on in one big pile of rolled notes.  Please someone give him voice lessons.  The Little Drummer Boy is just awful no other way to put it and Silent Night will never be the same after what he did to it.  I bet right now there are so many talented children that could sing circles around Justin. His other work was not bad, but this just out right stinks.
B002N8A14M|4.0|This armband is great and does exactly what I need it to do.  The only thing I didn't like was that it didn't explain how to put the nano in the case; there were no directions included.  I was afraid I was going to break it, but fortunately, I didn't.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Unexpectedly pleased with this App. I have the Kindle Fire and I prefer this one to the one that comes pre-installed!!!
B005EY2XFC|5.0|But will the special features every really satisfy cult Crow Fans? Psh. Probably not. Nonetheless, it's great to see one of my favorite movies in such clarity. Always worth it. :)
B002G1YPH0|5.0|When I was working on deciding what to put into the new system I built, I was not sure what cooler to go with.  I had nightmares (okay not really) of coolers that wouldn't work, wouldn't fit into the case, or blowing purple smoke...  I decided to look for a cheap cooler, read the reviews, and if it looked go, go for it.  (In the past I only used stock fans, which was fine because I never overclocked.)  In this case, the positives greatly outweigh the pain of installation.  (It isn't incredibly difficult, but it took a little while to find the video on line and the manual was missing in the box.)    I am running an I5 200K on an Asus Maximus IV Extreme-Z board in a HAF X case.  The CPU idles at under 20C, hanging around 17C, and runnning Prime 95 (not the stress test, the actual program) it stayed around 34C.  Overall, I would definitely get this cooler again.
B004XDYJRU|5.0|Bought the pro version for both my iPhone and my Kindle Fire.  I stream from my phone while driving to and from work.  The app works flawlessly, and I can listen to stations from anywhere.
0470876417|5.0|An amazing book, especially for those of you who are visual thinkers. There is a clear progression from the very basics up through complex business models, and all the visual models carry important information in a meaningful way. I wish every book was written like this.
B004SBQGHS|4.0|Works great...very stable on my Fire, great graphics, great sound, very responsive.  However, now my kids are using my fire non-stop.
B0011UF79C|5.0|I watched this movie back in high school and I loved it ever since. I wanted to own my own copy so I bought it and I love the extras they have in here! I've used this movie for some papers and projects in college.
B002BWP49C|5.0|Basically, if you enjoyed the other movies, you'll love it. If you hated the others, you will hate this one too. As a huge fan of the others I was really looking forward to this. There is some graphic stuff at the end so I would not take younger girls to see this. *SPOILERS*  The good:  The wedding was absolutely beautiful, Charlie was funny/touching (they should be thankful they cast Billie Burke), Kristen Stewart did an awesome job looking like a horrifying walking corpse as the pregnancy progresses (there must be some cgi at work here, she looked like a skeleton). Bella and Edward had some playful moments on the honeymoon, and Edward gets to show more facets of his personality and has some fun for a change (though he some very emotional moments at the end). Leah and Seth were good, (many 'Awwwww' moments from the crowd over BooBoo Stewart). Taylor's been criticized but I think he did a great job, particularly when he comes to dance with Bella at the reception, it was sad. Lautner had some very emotional, touching scenes. He really is the perfect Jacob.  The birth was horrifying, which may fall into good or bad for you.  The bad:  The imprint. Honestly, they did the best they could with the material. They did kind of a flash forward type of montage where we see wolves, Reneesme, reflections of her older in a wolf's eye. I would have much preferred he went with Leah, Lautner had good chemistry with the actress playing her.   The ugly:  The two teenaged morons sitting behind me that laughed maniacally through the whole movie and made complete spectacles of themselves. If you hate Twilight, why are you there?   Kristen Stewart did a great job portraying the pregnancy, and it was painful to watch her condition deteriorate. Rob and Taylor were both emotional and spot on. I actually got teary eyed at the little montage they play at the end of the movie, showing flashbacks from the others. Depending on your taste, there is not a ton of wolfpack stuff in this one  (I wasfine with this because I thought it was a bit repetitive in the novel). It stays true to the book, in some area's really improves on it. The sex scenes aren't to over the top, which they shouldn't be since this isn't porn.   Then Bella opens her red eyes....and we have to wait for part 2!  Overall, if you have enjoyed the movies so far, you will not be disappointed.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|angry birds is a challenge but a fun game I think you can tell because of the t-shirts costumes etc.
B003UYUP6M|4.0|I finally finished reading In the Plex. I say \\"finally\\" because it has been a good three years since I've read a book cover-to-cover. It says something that this book kept me interested from start to finish. I found this to be a really good narrative on the history of Google - from how it started to where it is today. Steven Levy had a distinct advantage in that he was an embedded reporter and had access to central figures and closed-door meetings that others never would have had access to. As a result, Levy brings insights into Google's history that others would never have been able to.<br /><br />The book ends at the point where it is announced that Larry Page will become CEO. It feels like I just completed reading Act I, and there are Acts II & III to follow. I hope Levy is still involved, and continues to document Google's history. His follow-ups (if they happen) will be fascinating reading.<br /><br />One thing I found lacking, but I hope he addresses in future chapters, is a deeper exploration of Google's international operations. A majority of the book focuses on what has been happening out of Mountain View. Apart from a chapter dedicated to Google's complicated relationship with China, there is little foray into Google's operations outside of the US. I'm sure there are some interesting stories to be told about Google in Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and so on. Hopefully that will be addressed in future editions.
B005ZTFPFQ|1.0|this app is bad its just tricking you to spend money. you might as well just buy it for ten dollars. don't get this app
B004RUF9DC|5.0|The movie is a classic, especially around Christmas.  This is a must have for your Blu ray / DVD library.  Very family oriented.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|good app better then angry birds one of the best apps so good an amazing app get get it get it get it get it
B004NDJXOO|5.0|Great Michael J. Fox movie,<br /><br />If you hated Family Ties, you'll love teen wolf. It fits in well with the Back to the Future series.<br /><br />Basketball, teen issues, van surfing and a werewolf.<br /><br />Better to watch than to explain.
B004SIIBGU|1.0|this app is good but pointless if you want to go on ebay then go on the web don't get this app
B003UESJFG|5.0|AC DC's music, thrills, chills, Brad Pitt, Will Ferrell, Tina Faye play great roles in the movie.  Watch the bad guy almost get the girl -- possibly (Spoiler alert).
B004LUS390|5.0|Powerful app. Easy to use on the go one you get used to the interface. Works great on Kindle Fire.
B004TTZHBK|4.0|I've had this app for a while on my Droid Incredible. I recently installed it to my Kindle Fire and it runs flawlessly. The Fire is the perfect form factor for an app like this.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I use Evernote on my Mac, Work PC, and iphone, when I setup my Kindle Fire it was the first app I installed. it is a must have.
B005HSG3TC|2.0|This is flimsy and not worth the cost.  I bought it because it appeared to work as a stand, similar to iPad 2.  It is non-functional in this respect.
1440468397|4.0|This is only the second Jane Austen book I have read, having read Pride and Prejudice some time ago. It took me a little while to get into it. The early chapters feel like they get bogged down in bringing us up to date with the back story. However it's worth persevering as the book gets much easier to read as it develops. Jane Austen's observations on society of that time and the way that she captures the feelings of the protagonists feel so fresh and modern that at times it is hard to believe that the book was written almost 200 years ago.<br /><br />The heroine is Anne Elliott, the middle daughter of Sir Walter Elliott: a vain and snobbish man who has been living beyond his means for some time. For financial reasons he decides to rent out his family home, Kellynch Hall, and moves to Bath with his oldest daughter who shares his obsession with status and appearances. Anne goes to stay for a time with her younger sister, Mary, who is married and lives nearby. Anne is easily the most likeable of the three girls, but is still single at the age of 27. Several years ago she met the love of her life, Captain Wentworth, but she was \\"persuaded\\" by her friends and family that he was not an appropriate match for her. She has never forgotten him.<br /><br />As it happens, Captain Wentworth comes back into her life, as it is his sister who has hired Kellynch Hall. However he appears to no longer have any interest in Anne and spends his time with the daughters of Mary's husband's family. In the meantime a new suitor has come into Anne's life, being her father's probable heir. He is pleasant and polite and certainly a good catch - but she finds it hard to let her feelings for Captain Wentworth go. When she finally realises who she is meant to be with, the book feels as alive and the romance as intense as any chicklit novel you might read today.<br /><br />I read the Brandywine edition of the book.  The font size is quite small and densely packed.  I probably would have preferred to read another version with an easier layout to read.an easier layout to read.
B000IOM0WE|5.0|This movie is as good as it gets when bringing a comic strip to the silver screen. Your daughters will love it, the wife (not so much), and the guys, you will find it interesting viewing to say the least.  the colors in this blu ray will challenge your TV and blu ray player, simply made for blu ray.
034552554X|5.0|This is one of my favorite books over the past many years.  It is a deep, well written, and heart rending portrayal of how love heals, be it ever so slowly, and how fragile we are.  The depth of forgiveness capable in humans is beauitfully portrayed as well.  I will give this book often as a gift.  I could not put it down. The character of Elizabeth is a mentor for all. Thank you, Vanessa, for making the effort to write this beautiful story!!!
B004LROUNG|2.0|Called [[ASIN:0385339658 The King of Torts]]. Now he's rehashed the same book again. Not bad, not great. At one book per month, perhaps it's time to slow down a bit, eh Mr. Grisham?
0316017930|5.0|Not a \\"how-to\\" success book but on the why's of success, supported by facinating anecdotes.   The author suggests that it's not all about one's IQ or \\"super-geniusness\\" or degree of hardwork (not to say hardwork is not a factor) but he shifts from these conventional beliefs to mainly ideas of missed opportunities or not-missed opportunities and the very circumstances of one's birthdates, birth location, and culture.  For example, Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, etc. were born, as the author emphasizes, 'at the right time, at the right place' and were surrounded by opportunities that were 'missed' by other people. They were not super geniuses but rather success products of their incredible, fortunate opportunities , which they took advantage of with their preparation and hardwork.  After reading this book, I got the feeling that maybe it's not \\" success comes to those who wait\\" but \\" success comes to those who are already prepared.\\"
B0051UP5NQ|2.0|If it's an office app shouldn't it work with office, wasn't an important file but still &quot;word&quot; files don't seem to work again
B004V5QWU2|5.0|This app is amazing on my Kindle Fire. It is multitask capable so you can read or surf the web while listening. The sound choices are varied &amp; sound terrific! Well worth the $1.49 I paid!!
B005UG542S|3.0|Its worth the watch. Sure, your wife who has read all of them will sit there and point out all the places where the movie is wrong, but thats not why you are watching it.<br /><br />Stuff is blowing up, things are on fire, and you've got a bit of time to blow and 4 bucks to rent from Amazon. Have at it.
B004SDSSFY|2.0|I've used D2G for years w/o a problem.  I purchased the full version for Kindle Fire and attempted to pair it with DocsToGo Desktop s/w on my Mac.  So far, no luck... I'll update when/if successful. Very disappointed.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Great app. Syncs accross platforms perfectly. There when I need it whether on my PC at home, my PC at work, or on my Android phone or Kindle Fire.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|the writing is hilarious.  if you are a fan of mockumentaries such as \\"the Office\\" and funny families such as \\"Arrested Development\\" you will enjoy this show.
B003L77TZI|2.0|Sure, my 9 year old likes 'Teenage Dream' and 'Firework', but then something funny happened.  I played some quality old school Donna Summer (little do the 'teeny boppers' today actually know that Summer's collaboration with Giorgio Moroder virtually invented and launched electronic dance music) and Madonna for her, and she said &#34;WOW dad, this is better than Katy Perry!&#34;  Smart kid!  Katy Perry, like most industry-created minimally talented subpar artists of today, pale in comparison to their great predecessors.  If you kiddies want to hear some great danceable pop music, delve into your parents' CD and LP (record) collection from the 60's through 80's for some real substantive music!  You're welcome.
B004LP3AYI|1.0|Do not misunderstand my review of this novel. I love the book. The kindle version is another story. The conversion to ebook is filled with very distracting spelling errors and word conversions. The most noticeable being \\"than\\" is almost always translated as \\"that\\", \\"of\\" and \\"if\\", and many others. It may sound trivial, but it is very distracting as a reader to have to reread sentences and paragraphs to decipher the true meaning.
086571701X|5.0|I looked and I searched and I waded through blog after blog and commercial website after website trying to piece together some rational and proven information on aquaponics and I finally found it.  Silvia Bernstein has put it all down in easy in an easy to read, and better yet, an easy to understand book on the subject.  This book gives you the straight-up info needed to start your first aquaponics system and does it in such a way as to not \\"talk down\\" to the layman or drown you in jargon, equations and incomprehensible charts.  Thank you Silvia, we have been waiting for you.  Bring on the new \\"Sustainable\\" Green Revolution!
B000001EHS|3.0|DEF LEPPARD-VAULT/GREATEST HITS: Mere teenagers when they crashed the gate of new Brit metal in the late 70s, DEF LEPPARD never sounded more hungry or vital than on their first pair of slash and burn platters ON THROUGH THE NIGHT and HIGH 'N DRY. It took MTV and overblown producer ROBERT \\"MUTT\\" LANGE to make 'em superstars though, via the hit-crammed albums PYROMANIA and HYSTERIA, spit-polished radio-ready glam pop in line with the beckoning hair band era. VAULT collects peak period singles like THE GARY GLITTER-meets-BON JOVI bash POUR SOME SUGAR ON ME, slickster heat sinker PHOTOGRAPH, and BRINGIN' ON THE HEARTBREAK, the most palatable of their inescapable run of power ballads. The post-HYSTERIA stuff smacks of pale retreads, easily forgotten fluff which should have been replaced with the pre-fame ball-bangers WASTED and ANOTHER HIT AND RUN. Two thirds of this anthology do DEF LEP's legacy justice; the rest should have stayed in the vault.<br /><br />RATING: THREE EARPLUGS
B000AJIAOO|5.0|If you want to know the musical origins of the band this is a great album. I also have the album Enter but I find it too dark and slow. The Silent Force is really showing off the foundation of what the band plays now. It also shows the great versatility of Sharon's voice.
B004LUS390|3.0|the app is great with perfect menus and a fantastic ui but the concept of your finger as a pencil is very difficult.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|My Kindle app is so wonderful. I have downloaded my favorite books and enjoy reading them anywhere. Great app for book lovers. No more buying paperbacks or waiting to see if the store have them in stock.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|I received this about ten hours ago and have been twiddling with things and trying it out almost ever since. I'm a longstanding fan of all things Logitech, so when I noticed they had a competitor to the Nostromo with more keys and what looked like better ergonomics, I of course went with the G13 over the alternatives. I'm not sorry.  I won't cover all the things I've been seeing in the reviews that made me get it, I'll cover why I now can't live without it: I can work on designs and paintings in Photoshop and Illustrator without ever having to take a hand off my tablet. I can play games with one hand on my G13 and the other on my mouse. As a laptop user, this is HUGE. I think every laptop user who who doesn't own one of these and who does anything besides type reports and check email is getting substandard productivity. That's how much it'll change your work flow.  I had two tiny gripes, one of which is me being extremely nitpicky and the larger of which is at most a very minor inconvenience. The first is that colors that are not highly saturated don't look good on the LEDs. I realize that's a limitation of LEDs, but when the colors are light or unsaturated they just look like a flat shiney pink on the LCD screen. No biggie, I found some settings that I find attractive, but if your three favorite colors are peridot, peach, and rose, you might want to be prepared for emerald, orange, and fuschia.  The other gripe is possibly a result of me not using the g13 on a desk or other hard surface (I've used it on a couch, a leg, and a kids' bin top that's flexible plastic). On these low-resistance surfaces I find that it's quite difficult to depress the joystick button. This was mentioned in various reviews but I thought it worth mentioning that these other users may also be using it on nonstandard surfaces, or that it may ease up with some use.  That said, I find a couple of common complaints to be erroneous. The size of the thing seems spot on to me. The keys are easy to find by touch, and I don't find myself cramping or over-reaching to get at them all. I have medium-large hands so if your hands are particularly tiny you might want to consider a Nostromo or something, but if you have tiny hands and are an avid computer user you're likely used to stretching anyway.  The other unjustified grumble is in regards to the joystick itself. It is slightly conical which I guess is uncomfortable if you keep a tight press on it for a long time, but most of the time you aren't. Its sloping contour makes it easy to use, you just end up PUSHING instead of directly moving it. Instead of having a thumb on top, I find it responds beautifully to a thumb on the rim pushing it around. Makes it much more comfortable and seems to be more supported by the ergonomics of the design.  Ultimately, after just ten hours I can say that I don't know how I lived without a G13 as a laptop-only user for 7 years. I will never go back. As such, I recommend getting some kind of extended warranty when you buy this thing. I went with the SquareTrade 3yr with ADH so if I drop or spill I won't be out the item. They're cheap from Amazon and the peace of mind of knowing your $65 is going to last you at least x number of years can't be beat.
1451648537|5.0|I can't imagine a better biography could have ever been written about Steve Jobs.  It is great to be able to learn more about Steve's life and appreciate how it all lead to his incredible success as CEO.  We are fortunate to have this book as an opportunity to better understand one of the most amazing visionaries to ever live.  This is a must read for anyone.  You don't need to be an iPhone owner, Mac owner, or any form on an Apple fan to enjoy this biography.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|This novel is definitely one of a kind. I know that it kinda resembles Perfect Chemistry but it has a totally different plot and i love both novels for different reasons.   So anyway.. i put off reading this because i thought it was just a random good girl meets bad boy story.. but when i started reading it, oh my, there's really nothing typical or random about it. It's a beautiful story! Don't get me wrong, i am not a fan of violence but the was Travis' character was written? it makes him sexy, dangerous, frustrating, and even very annoying yet.. he's lovable. He's like the bad boy i want to be mine too. I also like how Abby's character is written. I think she's a really strong woman.. it's just that, a lot of times, she can be dense and very frustrating as well. I like it that she speaks up her mind and i like it that when it comes to Travis, she follows through. I guess from the start of the novel, they were hooked with each other already. I love how they got back together after everything and had a very happy ending, if you ask me.. it is indeed PERFECT!!!  Yes, this novel is really like crack. When i finished it the first time, i went back to all of my bookmarked pages (which are a lot!) and after that, i went back to first page and finished the book again. It is an unforgettable novel to me. The whole time i was reading it, it's either my heart is fluttering all over the place or i'm anxious as to what will happen next. Definitely no dull moment with Beautiful Disaster. I love it! i'll give it a 10/5 if possible! ^_^  p.s: i always come back to BD in between books, especially when the book i just read is kinda not satisfying.. BD always makes my day. I swear i've re-read this book for more than 10 times.
B005GVA2L0|4.0|The album is overall very good, it takes the band back to it's roots : fallen.  But at the same time, compared the The Open Door, it also brings back too much of the ''formula'' music. When i listen to the entire album, I don't see enough difference between each song. I'm happy though to have the heavier sound back with more piano. You really need to listen to the best song (in my opinion) which is Lost in Paradise. The first single is good but it stays in the head, like any reglar radio song...  Overall I think it's a good album for all the band's fans, wether you prefered the first or second album.
B0012GMWCU|4.0|You know, I've always liked the blues, and rock and roll has certainly sprung from them.  Of course, it was rock that I first loved, and only later through the years have I learned and appreciated the connection.  Most people are aware of Eric Clapton and his fascination with Robert Johnson, first adapting his music and eventually honoring him with his CD played in the Johnson style.  Canned Heat has a great disc with John Lee Hooker, too.  But look at this 9-song disc; Back Door Man (The Doors), Spoonful (Cream), Little Red Rooster (Rolling Stones) are just examples of blues roots to rock 'n' roll in its greatest era, the 60s.  Very nice!
B004LUS390|5.0|this will not replace expensive software out there but its a nice app that would keep you occupied. my kids enjoy it for doodling. it does have a small learning curve though.
1451648537|4.0|I think it was a great idea of Mr Jobs to have this book written as our society tends to glamorize extraordinary people. I do think Steve Jobs was extraordinary (but I think there is a part that is extraordinary in each of us) and has truly affected this world in profound ways; however, he was also very human as well. Mr Jobs shows the business community the extraordinary affects of when the WHOLE company communicates and collaborates together and the genius of human creativity which is exponentially multiplied by each person's input (how many companies, corporations and other entities could benefit from that principle!). Mr Jobs could not have done what is in his name alone, he had the extraordinary people who worked with him and people who supported him (such as friends and family) as major contributors as well. I appreciate them all!  I love the quote at the beginning of the book  \\"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.\\" Apple's think different commercial 1997  Bravo to those who have the courage to follow their dreams!
0143038419|5.0|Better late than never! It has taken me a long time to get around to reading \\"eat, pray, love\\" by Elizabeth Gilbert. My daughter shares books with me on a regular basis. I must say that she has several to choose from and I certainly have not read them all. Some are better than others. This non-fiction book/memoir is an example of one of the better ones. Thus far, I would have to say that it is probably one of the best books that my daughter has passed my way.<br /><br />There is an element in Liz Gilbert's writing that touches to the core of the human heart...if you let it. She is honest in her depiction of herself and her search for balance and happiness in her life. She describes her struggles with depression in such a way that you know it is true, especially if you've had to deal with bouts of depression yourself. Gilbert doesn't take her readers down a road of despair, but rather she takes them on a ride of hope by making as pleasant as possible, a very difficult time in her life.<br /><br />Gilbert draws her readers into her very being and her every experience. She shares her failures and her victories thus inspiring hope for those who can relate to her journey.  In my opinion, Gilbert is searching for self-actualization as she travels through Italy, India and finally Indonesia. She uses her humanity, intelligence, and wit every step of the way to entice her readers into taking that journey with her.  She has certainly succeeded with me as I was drawn into her innermost feelings and experiences.  I was touched by the goodness of Gilbert's heart and the kindness that she demonstrated toward others which she was eventually able to find for herself.  We could all use a little more kindness in our lives, whether for others or at times when or where it may be most necessary, for ourselves.  Through her travels, Gilbert learned to love and accept herself...her ultimate act of kindness.  In doing so, this facet of her healing circle is now complete and she can continue on her mission of further self-discovery and her desire to help others.  Her books are a wonderful way for Gilbert to share her gift with the world!of further self-discovery and her desire to help others.  Her books are a wonderful way for Gilbert to share her gift with the world!
B005K0HDGE|5.0|Literally my first ever ever review, but on this one I had to. You can analyze this one any way you want, and I can only speak for myself, but a genuine pager turner. Thanks for some really, really great entertainment, Mr. King.
B005KJZDW6|3.0|I am a vinyl novice, having been purchasing and listening for only a few months now. When I saw that She and Him were releasing a Christmas album, I jumped at the chance to add it to my slowly growing vinyl collection. Until I read some other reviews, I thought I had done something wrong resulting in all of the surface noise, which as like others have mentioned, is nearly unbearable on the first track. Having already gone through a similar problem with the Dark Side of the Moon release in September, this is a real disappointment. Ordered from an Amazon dealer, so not sure what my return options are-already waited a month for album to arrive, so I expect I will just keep it and bear with the noise.  I'd like to mention that my copy also has a ripped label at the hole. Overall quality control does not seem to have been very high for this release.  From what I can hear of the music over the surface noise, it all sounds great. Just a warning though for those considering vinyl for this release.
B005ZTFPFQ|5.0|The description says that the app charges additional money for more content. People should not give poor ratings because they are too lazy to read the app description.
B0040JHLM2|5.0|Hey I have a question. I just ordered this just now. Are they the real brooks shoes? Because the sign is kind of purple but the brooks running site, they're blue? Am I just seeing things?
B004HEXSLI|5.0|Watch her video on TED which is very interesting and definitely adds to desire to read the book. Dr. Taylor gives a personal insight to an experience many often do not survive. For medical professionals, this book can offer understanding not only to stroke patient behaviors, but to medical professionals themselves. In this book, a Harvard trained scientist discovers the science of the right hemisphere which is validation of our intuitive self. If you have a high tendency to be left brain, have the courage to read this and expand your mind.
B003PGNBO8|1.0|Amazon needs to give an option for half a star rating. After the initial \\"blackout\\" the acting was like a bad 1970's Made-For-TV Movie. People must have really been bored or were used to B-Grade acting. This was just pure garbage! Unbelievable that audiences would put up with such cliche'-ridden dialogue.<br /><br />Courtney B. Vance was reading his lines as if he were back on \\"Law and Order,\\" which made it all the more ridiculous. John Cho's part was perfect for this show; because his acting really sucked eggs (talk about bad method-acting. OY!) I was laughing through the entire first season (didn't go  through the entire episodes) and then realized there was a second season that I didn't waste time on (I checked it out from the public library-no money wasted).<br /><br />I believe most of the rave reviews here are from the \\"LOST\\" lemmings, who tried so badly to fill the void in their lives, and had to grasp at something so terribly acted, it was laughable. Then I remembered reading the article \\"Why Flash Forward Canceled, and Five Good Reasons Why That's Good\\" - Enough Said.
1451627289|4.0|I used to be an avid reader of Stephen King in the past but life got in the way and I've been out of his loop for the past few years. I picked up this book not knowing if he still \\"had it\\" but I'm glad to report he does..and in spades! This book is wonderful in premise and in actualization. I couldn't put it down. If I had any complaint it would be that not enough time was spent when he came back to modern day after saving Kennedy. I would have liked a little more detail than a cursory going over of 65 years. But hey that's a minor complaint. It was quite a page turner and most times I was bouncing my baby on one knee and had this book on the other. Can't wait to see what's next! Well done.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|This app has been wonderful on my cell phone. I have a book with me everywhere I go via my phone. I love my Kindles, but sometimes I don't have a Kindle with me but my phone allows me to continue reading my book.
1400052181|5.0|As a biology major from UNCW, I was astonished that HeLa cells were commonly used in all types of research, and yet the origin of the cells has never been explained.  The author describes Henrietta Lacks' story so well, I felt a personal connection with her and her family by the end of the novel.  This book was great because it combined the scientific story of the HeLa cells while following the emotional journey of her family.  The author talked about some controversial issues in a very respectful and mature way; I felt as though she presented all the sides of the issues very well while not getting \\"in your face\\" about her opinion.  This was a fascinating book and I could not put it down--it wasn't even required reading!
1419702238|3.0|This book wasn't as funny as the previous ones. However, it was addicting to continue to read. Kinney had made made all these other hysterical books that are so enjoyable, so my expectations were high. This book definitely had some moments that made you laugh, but then waiting on and on for an even funnier event. I recommend reading this book to the Diary of the Wimpy Kid fans, but it is best to read it once.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|I love the game, don't get me wrong, but it's lacking all of the special features available on most other platforms.  Between ios and pc I've probably logged a couple solid months worth of well spent time on this. But you can only beat the campaign so many times before it looses value.  Please add the mini games and zen garden.
1451648537|2.0|This biography is seriously flawed.  In some ways, it's like an early Stephen King novel.  It's too long.  Its characterization is shallow.  The sentences are consistently boring and the writing lacks any style or real structure.  What keeps the reader interested is that the subject matter is creepy.  In other ways, this biography is like a Microsoft product, an inelegant thing written in spaghetti code that, more or less, gets the job (sorry about the pun) done.  Over the course of almost 600 pages we find out, often in mind numbing detail, what Steve Jobs was like on the surface.<br /><br />I knew a lot of Jobs' story beforehand.  My old neighbor, who left Apple and cashed out his stock in the mid-1980s because Steve Jobs was such a narcissistic, lying jerk, is mentioned over the course of a few pages of this book.  Steve Jobs was a charismatic cult-like figure with huge, awful flaws.  People were loyal to him because either they felt his charismatic pull or they thought they could make a lot of money working at Apple.  Jobs' cult was, like all cults, a creepy thing, but at least it wasn't evil.  Fortunately, instead of drinking nasty Kool-Aid or going on a killing rampage, Jobs' followers made great tech products.  I note that I'm writing this review on a MacBook Pro.<br /><br />Most of this book is loaded with details about the business side of Steve Jobs.  In a linear fashion, we learn about all the major gizmos associated with Apple during Jobs' leadership, the Apple II, the Mac, the iPod, etc.  Along the way, we learn that Jobs was a liar, a schemer, someone who was often just plain delusional, and who was incredibly driven to create great tech toys.  In a lot of ways, reading this book is a lot like watching salami being made.  The details are ugly.  I'd rather not know many of them.<br /><br />The biggest flaw with this biography is its inability to get inside the personal life of Jobs.  We learn what brand of kitchen appliances Jobs used. We learn about what was on his iPod.  We learn that he married an opportunistic B-school student who apparently had her heart set on marrying a rich alpha-male.  But as to what really made Steve Jobs tick, who knows?  Maybe Jobs was simply a shallow person obsessed with technology and this biography represents his skin-deep psychology well.  I think not.<br /><br />Some day, someone will write an excellent, well-researched biography of Jobs, one that is intelligent and has both style and a compelling thesis or two.  This one isn't it.at was on his iPod.  We learn that he married an opportunistic B-school student who apparently had her heart set on marrying a rich alpha-male.  But as to what really made Steve Jobs tick, who knows?  Maybe Jobs was simply a shallow person obsessed with technology and this biography represents his skin-deep psychology well.  I think not.<br /><br />Some day, someone will write an excellent, well-researched biography of Jobs, one that is intelligent and has both style and a compelling thesis or two.  This one isn't it.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|this is the best alarm clock i ever owned. easy to use and very effective gud job.  no issues  at all
B004H1V5RU|5.0|Everytime the ball falls off I yell and stomp feet... but it is fun!  This one is the toughest by far of the Perplexus'.  It requires lots of luck as you make your way through the nearly impossible obstacles.    As for durability, it was a bad move for the Perplexus company to resort to cheap, thin plastic covering compared to the original Superplexus which is durable and heavy.  Love this game, but I seriously doubt that it can be defeated!!
0743243315|3.0|Monica Ali's much heralded debut in 2003 that promised to unveil the little-known Bengali community in the East London settlement of Brick Lane met with polarised reactions from critics and the reading public alike - not least of these the inhabitants of Brick Lane and Bangladeshis at large.   From the way Ali squandered her once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to cast real light on this veiled community by creating stereotypical characters, to the way she romanticised adultery and demonised Islam, the criticisms came fast and furious. There were of course other camps that embraced the love story elements of the plot and applauded the way the marginalised heroine Nazreen learns to take control of her life and free herself from the tyranny of (her belief in) fate that she saw destroy her own mother.   Those elements did work for me in terms of plot and I enjoyed the portrayal of Nazreen's much-older husband who bounces back with each setback that comes his way. A truly sympathetic character who realises that the forces he's up against are more than an outsider like him can counter, no matter how many certificates he accumulates and brandishes like talismans, nor how many books he reads and how many poems he teaches his daughters to recite. That one of her daughters is the anxious and bewildered girl, while the other the cynical rebel who declares \\"I did not asked to be born here!\\" are, if you like, yet more ammunition for the book's naysayers.   At the end of the day, the reader needs to decide if it is the writer's or artist's responsibility to represent accurately her subject matter (especially if they deal with specific and minority communities) or if it is her prerogative to write imaginatively and in accordance to her artistic vision.
B002BWP49C|5.0|The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn, Part I continues the trend of a series of films that have successfully attracted a popular following for fans and upcoming fans alike.  And when comparisons arise within most recent times, one major film box office competitor comes to mind, the Harry Potter series that concluded its run with a two-part climax.  Breaking Dawn does quite the same with Part I with the three major actors Robert Pattinson (Edward Cullen), Kristen Stewart (Bella Swan), and Taylor Lautner (Jacob Black) reprising their roles as vampire, mortal, and wolf; with the last three films that showed the spurts, growth, and ups and downs of their friendship, there appears to be much growth that showed within the fourth film of how that friendship was tested.<br /><br />For the most part, the film begins with preparations made for Edward and Bella's wedding.  And no different from a wedding between two mortals, there also appears to be the so-called cold feet and anxiety, especially between vampire and mortal.  However, it is Bella's premonitions and nightmares that clearly show her anxieties.  But as viewers will see, there is a difference between nightmares and reality.  As the film proceeds, the never ending tensions between Edward and Jacob are evident, and outside the circle of friendship between Edward, Jacob, and Bella that is depicted within the film, one may think that the film may progress within the same lines as the last two films - the intense emotions of jealously and rivalry.  But in Breaking Dawn, one may see the maturity that develops especially between Edward and Jacob that derives from exterior tensions and rivalries outside their circle but between their respective families of vampires and wolves.  And what breaks the tension temporarily, the laws of nature and family history that comes in the form of the birth of a new addition.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn Part I has an intensity that differs from the last three films.  And like Harry Potter, fans and new fans may be impatient for the next and last installment.  But no doubt, the ending of this film may have viewers at the edge of their seat especially with last hour that ended with a suspenseful and surprised ending - it's all in the eyes.mpatient for the next and last installment.  But no doubt, the ending of this film may have viewers at the edge of their seat especially with last hour that ended with a suspenseful and surprised ending - it's all in the eyes.
B005UKK4Y2|1.0|worst movie no plot poor acting foul disgusting pay day for actors that can not find meaningful work do not watch!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|this is my favorite book of all time. if you buy it on the kindle its cheaper than buying it from the store.this book it sucks u in and then your adected. if you sa you hate the hunger games but you never read i would say dont judge a book buy its cover. praise for the hunger games
B004LUS390|5.0|This is an excellent drawing app for drawing on my tablet. It has so many different possibilities on the fly. Definitely worth the price.
1609611543|2.0|This book is totally boring and incomprehensible until part 3, which doesn't begin until page 191. Up until then, he describes his science on coming to the conclusion that wheat is bad (let's save time and just accept wheat is bad.) Part 3 begins the diet. You cannot eat cornstarch, cornmeal, snack foods, dessert, rice, potatoes, legumes, gluten-free foods, fruit juices, soda, dried fruit, and any grain. All bad.<br /><br />You can eat vegetables, fruit in moderation especially good berries, nuts, oils, meat, eggs, dairy products. Yes, it sounds a lot like the Atkins diet.<br /><br />He makes elaborate claims that you will feel great, lose weight, and be cured of most of your aches, pains and digestive difficulties.<br /><br />I managed to stay on the Atkins for three months and did lose weight and felt better, but it's a tough diet to maintain. No doubt that cutting out most starch, snacks, soda, and sugar will have a positive effect of some sort.
B005HI7NP0|5.0|Some CD's you listen to and only get lucky enough to maybe have 2 to 3 songs you really like but with Betty Wright and The Roots, you got to believe me when I say she put her Heart and Soul into every song.This is a must have, can't go wrong here. Thank You Betty Wright for allowing us into your world. Love You much!
1451648537|3.0|I was super-eager to read the book, and the first chapters were really very enlightening as to the character of Steve Jobs. However as the book were on there was less and less of a discussion of his story, and more and more factual statements of 'this happened, then that happened...' with very little insight as to who Jobs' was.  Overall I found the ending to be quite rushed, for a deadline that now seems quite obvious. A pity they couldn't come to better conclusions and give more insight to the man, Steve Jobs.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote, with all of its features and syncing across my multiple devices and OS's achieves what earlier notetaking and web clipping software like OneNote promised.
193413712X|2.0|When one thinks about some of the other Pulitzer Prize novels (\\"The Road\\" by McCarthy, for example), one wonders what the committee was thinking by choosing \\"Tinkers\\".  I could not like this book.  I tried.  I felt sorry for George, but the whole book was disjointed and trying too hard to be \\"literature\\" .....in the end, it was only pathetic.
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|Just downloaded this on my kindle fire and having some problems trying to play it. Whenever I go to fling an angry bird, the screen zooms out and wont let me fling them.
0553801473|2.0|Mr. Martin pens in his acknowledgements that 'A Dance with Dragons' was \\"three bitches and a bastard\\" [to write]. It was also three bitches and a bastard to read. The book jacket compares A Song of Ice and Fire to Tolkien's Lord of the Rings and Martin to Tolkien; I disagree. Tolkien understood how to bring an epic fantasy to a successful conclusion, Mr. Martin has not yet demonstrated that talent.<br /><br />The first four books in the series were widely and justly praised. They created a rich and detailed world and characters in whose fates I could take an interest. The first four books moved ahead, fleshing out a world and a story, spinning out subplots and introducing a large cast of major and minor characters . . . and then Mr. Martin seems to have had a Robert Jordan moment that lasted about a 1000 pages. To be sure, other authors in the genre have succumbed to the same bathos but I was hoping for something better from an author that had made such a promising start.<br /><br />'A Dance with Dragons' was painful to slog through. I hope that Mr. Martin comes to his senses and realizes that a book or a series deserves a main story line (or maybe a couple) and a good story deserves an ending. I hope that he comes to realize that innumerable subplots spinning off in innumerable directions diffuse empathy and interest and that true masters, like Tolkien, recognize and tie off inconsequential subplots and bring major story lines back together for a proper conclusion. I hope that 'A Dance with Dragons' was an aberration.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|I am so happy with this CD. I am a huge fan of Michael Buble and his Christmas CD did not dissapoint. My kids lov listening to it too. This is the perfect addition to my collection.
B004WESFZW|5.0|Not surprised to see negative reviews but that means the movie is not for everyone. I like movies with a meaning. If you do too, then don't miss this one. Some reviews referred it to Matrix, well this is a Matrix movie, only unfortunately when people watched the Bourne trilogy the Matrix, they were attracted more by it's drama, tense, fighting and visual effects. Not too much like that in the Adjustment Bureau. BUT, in the sense of meaning, a beautiful woman who's born to be the soul-mate of any intelligent/remarkable guy, this movie is outstanding. It's sharing the same 'truth' of the Matrix, explaining that our mind has always been imprisoned and our freewill never will get us what we could have had. We were born to believe what THEY want us to believe, adjusted if you dare for anything more. Ever had the impulse that you had to do something no matter what, but suddenly some accident hit you? Ever wondered when you are desperate and was asked: are you OK? Do you ever have the chance to say: No, actually I'm not OK. I did that once and the person who tried to show some concern simply froze with a wide open mouth. You are a performer wearing masks to say and do what you are supposed to, who cares about what you really wanted? You do multiple-choices as if you have freewill, but pretty often none of the choices reflect your liking. As a woman you are supposed to please your guy and even sleep with guys you don't like. As a man you have to kiss asses and keep your mouth shut, qualities more important than any of your glorious credentials. On the surface, it's a peaceful world in perfect order around you, deep in the heart you might felt you are always being watched. Why do we go to sleep 1/3 our time here on earth? You never knew where your soul had been in the darkness: adjusted? Remixed? or Replaced? Ever wanted a soul mate who will understand you totally unconditionally like you can give up the entire world just to have her? Do I need to go on? A 5 star movie.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|It took me 30 minutes to create accounts and read agreements, 45 minutes to read up on UltraViolet, and I haven't even seen the movie yet!  VERY unhappy consumer.
B004SD5GZ4|5.0|finally a Pdf reader that handles pdfs perfectly and handles encrypted DRM PDFs. Definitely get this one.  Everything else is just a wannabe.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|This is the best keyboard to have hands down.  Has the ability to learn how you type and learn the words you use the most.  This is a must buy for all android users.  They say swipe is quicker and maybe it is if you have the patience to learn how to use it.  A couple of days of using SwiftKey and you'll be able to type lighting fast even one handed.  It's to the point now I can't even type on any other keyboard.
B005JLN9ZI|5.0|Take Care so beautifully represents the dichotomy of the up and coming generation: bold yet timid, confident but self concious. Drake is fearless about bringing a different style to hip hop and it works! The album is great start to finish. My favorite tracks are: Look What You've Done, Crew Love, Underground Kings, Shot For Me, HYFR and Make Me Proud. Actually I like every song and enjoy the collaborations. Take Care was surely worth the wait!
0684171600|5.0|(Author's note:  Several years ago I took a course in children's literature at a nearby collage, and one of the novels that I had to study was Stevenson's now iconoclastic novel \\"Treasure Island\\".  This is an adaptation of my paper on the novel.  You can thank Beatrice Catherino for this.  There will be some plot spoilers.)<br /><br /> \\"Treasure Island\\" starts when Billy Bones, a weather-beaten, and cranky old sailorman, comes to lodge at the Admiral Benbow, a modest seaside inn.  He brings a bit of minor-league chaos with him, but he pays his bills, and takes a liking to young Jim Hawkins.  Then one day his past catches up with him, and it brings an end to his life.  Bones will die of fear as pirate scallywags raid the inn, forcing Hawkins and his mother, his father having since died, to flee, and Hawkins shows his reliability when he stands by his mother and refuses to abandon her when she is overcome with exhaustion while fleeing.<br /><br /> Coming back after the raid, Hawkins finds a map amongst Bones effects, and he recruits friends Dr. Livesey and Squire John Trelawney to go on a treasure hunt.  A ship, the \\"Hispaniola\\", will be purchased, and a crew is then hired under the charge of the ever \\"dependable\\" John \\"Long John\\" Silver.<br /><br /> Here the novel becomes a rousing tale of adventure and survival as this novel becomes an example of what Joseph Campbell calls \\"The Hero's Journey\\".  This is because Hawkins quest starts for one purpose, and that is to get the pirate's booty.  The trip seems to be cursed; the mate goes overboard and Hawkins accidently hears about a planned mutiny.  Despite great odds stacked against him, Hawkins does the right thing and reports the mutiny, and as the crew mutinies he sticks with his friends, and with a select few he will escape the mutiny to Treasure Island.  It is here that they set up defensive encampment inside an old abandoned fortress built by Silver and Bones' original employer, Captain Flint.<br /><br /> Tension builds within the encampment, there is a raid, and Hawkins impulsively runs away to set the \\"Hispaniola\\" free to beach itself.  It is here that Hawkins is finally forced into an adult situation as he is forced into killing Israel Hands in self-defense.  He tries to return to the fortress only to be captured by Silver and his remaining mutineers.  Silver manages to save Hawkins life, and as the treasure hunt by the pirates commences, there will be another revolt, this time against Silver, forcing Silver to join the side of the righteous.<br /><br /> During the novel Hawkins constantly finds himself confronted with temptations, but he stays on the moral straightaway.  He never abandons his friends, always keeps his word, even when it puts him into physical danger.  He is a good counterpoint for \\"Long John\\" Silver, a man he constantly looks up to as a kind of father figure throughout the novel.  Hawkins constantly stays on the straight and narrow, always treating Silver with respect, even when Silver clearly doesn't deserve it.  It is Silver who often comes across the more immature of the two, constantly, and opportunistically waffling, and weaseling his way into and out of circumstances as it pleases him.  So erratic is his behavior, at times we are not quite sure how Silver will react in the circumstances that he constantly finds himself.<br /><br /> Of course, Hawkins isn't infallible, when Billy Bones dies, Hawkins initially steals Bones' money, but then is forced by his mother to return the money, but by the end of the novel, Hawkins has gone through his trial by fire, and has been forced to mature.  Then, when the pirate's booty is found, and it is divided up equally among the survivors, Hawkins manages to let Silver get away with a bag of gold coins.<br /><br /> Stevenson also does well in creating some of his minor characters.  Take for instance the characters Abraham Gray and Dick.  Dick was once a good man, with a strong moral upbringing, who was also literate(he could read), and who had gone over to the Darkside, while Gray was a character who stood on the edge of the abyss, didn't blink, and took the right moral course in life.  While these characters take up a relatively minor amount of storytime, they acted as a contrast to the more major Israel Hands/Jim Hawkins conflict, in which Hawkins confronts Hands, is forced to kill him, face the darkness within himself, defeat it, and still keep his moral center.<br /><br /> \\"Treasure Island\\" is an early example of the multi-perspective novel.  As while most of the novel is told from Jim Hawkins viewpoint, there is a fair share that is told from other viewpoints than his so that the readers can get a more rounded perspective on the events that are happening in the novel.<br /><br /> Unlike the more ornamental authors of his (and our) time, Stevenson let the story do the work, and so his story can be read as easily today as it was when it was first published.  As you read Stevenson's novel you keep thinking that Jim and his family COULD HAVE owned an inn, they COULD HAVE been raided by greedy pirates looking for a map and for revenge.  Jim COULD HAVE fallen into the good graces of several well meaning mentors and gone on a treasure hunt, COULD HAVE survived a mutiny, and COULD HAVE, along with his companions, have found the pirate's booty, and Jim COULD HAVE had the adventure of a lifetime.<br /><br /> Such is Stevenson's storytelling skill that this adventure COULD HAVE happened to somebody Jim's age, and social class, even the whole thing IS pretty improbable.  As it is seen through the eyes of Jim Hawkins, Treasure Island (the island) is pretty generic, so that even the Treasure Island itself COULD HAVE actually existed.  Because even MORE unlikely things have happened, including the fact that there have been female pirates as tough as most of the male pirates.<br /><br /> We also never really find out the mystery of what adventure caused events of \\"Treasure Island\\" to happen, and maybe it's better that way, just as Stevenson leaves open the possibility for a sequel.  Stevenson was constantly and chronically sick, so that novel was never written, but others have tried their hands at it to various degrees of success.<br /><br /> This review is based on a copy is a reprint (a facsimile?) of the original 1911 Charles Scribner's Sons edition, and this reprint is a very attractive book.  The print is big and easily read, there are fifteen luscious paintings on glossy paper, by N. C. Wyeth (see customer images for some examples), illustrated endpapers, plus another painting for the cover, a map, and the book opens with a whimsical bit of verse by Stevenson.  The book is sturdily constructed and the text is printed of thick, durable paper.  This book contains some antiquated phrases however, and if you're not familiar with sailing ships, these phrases may be hard going; so a glossary would have been greatly appreciated.  Still, for those who enjoy a great adventure this is a five star package all the way around.<br /><br /> Warning.  There are various editions of this book on this site, so try to make sure you get the Scribner's Sons edition, with the ISBN number 0684171600.was a character who stood on the edge of the abyss, didn't blink, and took the right moral course in life.  While these characters take up a relatively minor amount of storytime, they acted as a contrast to the more major Israel Hands/Jim Hawkins conflict, in which Hawkins confronts Hands, is forced to kill him, face the darkness within himself, defeat it, and still keep his moral center.   \\"Treasure Island\\" is an early example of the multi-perspective novel.  As while most of the novel is told from Jim Hawkins viewpoint, there is a fair share that is told from other viewpoints than his so that the readers can get a more rounded perspective on the events that are happening in the novel.   Unlike the more ornamental authors of his (and our) time, Stevenson let the story do the work, and so his story can be read as easily today as it was when it was first published.  As you read Stevenson's novel you keep thinking that Jim and his family COULD HAVE owned an inn, they COULD HAVE been raided by greedy pirates looking for a map and for revenge.  Jim COULD HAVE fallen into the good graces of several well meaning mentors and gone on a treasure hunt, COULD HAVE survived a mutiny, and COULD HAVE, along with his companions, have found the pirate's booty, and Jim COULD HAVE had the adventure of a lifetime.   Such is Stevenson's storytelling skill that this adventure COULD HAVE happened to somebody Jim's age, and social class, even the whole thing IS pretty improbable.  As it is seen through the eyes of Jim Hawkins, Treasure Island (the island) is pretty generic, so that even the Treasure Island itself COULD HAVE actually existed.  Because even MORE unlikely things have happened, including the fact that there have been female pirates as tough as most of the male pirates.   We also never really find out the mystery of what adventure caused events of \\"Treasure Island\\" to happen, and maybe it's better that way, just as Stevenson leaves open the possibility for a sequel.  Stevensonwas constantly and chronically sick, so that novel was never written, but others have tried their hands at it to various degrees of success.    This review is based on a copy is a reprint (a facsimile?) of the original 1911 Charles Scribner's Sons edition, and this reprint is a very attractive book.  The print is big and easily read, there are fifteen luscious paintings on glossy paper, by N. C. Wyeth (see customer images for some examples), illustrated endpapers, plus another painting for the cover, a map, and the book opens with a whimsical bit of verse by Stevenson.  The book is sturdily constructed and the text is printed of thick, durable paper.  This book contains some antiquated phrases however, and if you're not familiar with sailing ships, these phrases may be hard going; so a glossary would have been greatly appreciated.  Still, for those who enjoy a great adventure this is a five star package all the way around.   Warning.  There are various editions of this book on this site, so try to make sure you get the Scribner's Sons edition, with the ISBN number 0684171600.
B0000AQZYM|5.0|Needless to say this is am amazing movie not just for kids, but also for adults. Ellen DG, playing the voice-over for Dori (spelling?) is outstanding!! She brings life to the character and was my favorite character in the movie. I cannot count the number of times we have watched this movie over and over...and over.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|the more I use it the more I find ways to use it. and on every platform I use. windows, web, iPhone, and now aneroid.
0385535139|5.0|I read many books and have read all of Grisham books. The Litiagtors is one of my favorite.  His book The Confession was boring with stilted characters and the obvious black/white rhetoric. Tedious to read.  But by writing The Litigators, Grisham has returned to his roots - hilarious characters, funny situtions, good/bad people but none you wouldn't love to meet.  I hope he continues to write with such great humor, who cares if it's written in a simplistic style - it's for enjoyment and I loved it.
031261246X|5.0|[Originally posted on  Written by Microsoft's Mark Russinovich, Zero Day focuses on the actions of a security consultant who starts a job for a client who's systems have been infected with unknown malware and taking out of action. With the business losing money and circling the drain whilst it's systems are out of action the characters rapidly find themselves caught up in a plot far large than they originally signed up for.    The scope of the plot starts out slow, and rapidly expands to cover a full gamut of topics, from skiddies in IRC channels and Russian hackers for hire, to corrupt government officials and Al Qaeda terrorist plots (even Bin Laden turns up in person). Dispite the Hollywood style plot elements, Russinovich keeps the technical aspects of the plot grounded in reality, even to the level that the odd code segment included can be reviewed by a (semi)proficient reader can determine the next plot arc before the characters reach the same conclusions.    The overall story, and the culture the characters operate in clearly show the difference between an author with a technical background and plenty of real world experience with the subject matter, over a proficient author who has had expert assistance to get the technical aspects of a story to a plausible level, and makes a very welcome change in this growing area of fiction. Russinovichs experience working with government and industry parties as part of the recent clampdown on botnets, the work in this area is a clear influence for the Zero Day story arc. Thankfully, Despite this being Russinovichs first novel I found it surprisingly well written, with believable characters and a plot that I became emotionally invested in (and without spoilers, cheered inside when a certain character got what I'd felt from first introduction that they deserved).    If you've got any interest in information security, computer/network administration to just good sci-fi I'd strongly recommend picking up a copy of Zero Day, it may be shorter that I would have liked (only because I want MORE) but I thoroughly enjoyed the time spent in its created scenario. Hopefully it will serve as a warning of what could happen, rather than a premonition of an actual occurrence; unfortunately it's likely that those with the true power to stop events similar to the books plot won't be interested in the story summary and will miss the warning.    -- Andrew Waite
B005HSG3TC|4.0|I was prepared for a \\"cheap-looking flimsy\\" cover after reading the bad reviews on this product, but when I finally received it, I was pleasantly surprised.  I think a lot of people thought it looked cheap-looking because it is made out of a different material than most other leather cover, but I find that it is actually pretty sturdy.  It's scratch-resistant and I like the way it feels when I touch and hold it.  The flap people thought felt like cardboard, but it really isn't and doesn't.  It is made out of the same material as the rest of the cover, but it's thinner.  The interior has a fuzzy lining to protect the Kindle Fire's screen.    My favorite feature about this product is that it is VERY lightweight so it's great for traveling.  And for those of us who keep this in our purses, it does not take up a huge amount of space because it's really thin and fits the Kindle Fire like a glove!    The stand feature is just okay (thus the four stars instead of five stars).  It is not as sturdy as I'd like it to be, but it does work just fine.
0786958731|5.0|Pluses:  loads of plastic minis, modular and laminated map sections and accessories, and a fun jumping off point for beginning players.  Also, for advanced players, the stuff in the box is a great bargain versus buying separate maps and minis.  Minuses:  The rules are far too simplified for experienced players, and the packaging really doesn't allow storing all the random bits and markers without getting them mixed up.    I mainly purchased this set as an accessory to my regular gaming kit.  The little plastic minis are more fun than cardboard tokens anyday, and the heavy laminated cardboard map sections are wonderful for setting up a map ahead of time, or making one up as you go, depending on your gaming style.  There is also a wealth of little condition markers, which while inferior to chits like the ones made by GF9, are nonetheless useful, especially to the GM on a budget.    If you choose to play it as advertised,the rules have been simplified to streamline play and keep up the pace of the game, which is a draw to new players, or those who fancy a quick game of solitaire, as it were.  Long time D&D players will probably find those rules unsatisfying though.  All in all, a good product, no matter which way you decide to use it.  Pity about the lack of separated storage in the molded inlay though.  I hate sorting all the markers every time I open the box...  -RJ
B0025KW29U|5.0|This sing-along blog is just brilliant. The idea to release it first online was also great.  One of the most interesting ideas was inversion of the \\"evil\\" Dr. Horrible, who is principally a quiet, nice guy and the obnoxious \\"Hero\\" Hammer.  It is quite a scathing view of our hypocritical apprach to everyday life.  The music is also very nice. Really catchy tunes, that invite you, as the title of the video correctly implies, to sing-along.  The additional material is also interesting.  After seeing it online, I was pleasantly surprised to see the High definition Blue-ray version.  Definitely a worthy buy, which I will view quite often. I don't seem to get tired of it.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Absolutely a must have app if your Android phone or tablet has wifi (and really, what doesn't) .  It's a great tool at home to find the clearest channel for your router and indispensable on the road in finding the network with the strongest signal.
0439023513|3.0|I've read a lot of the reviews, but NO ONE has mentioned this:  So, Katniss wakes up to District 12 being bombed to pieces.....by the Capitol....who has the capability of bombing districts to pieces.  And, then they DIDN\\"T DO IT AGAIN????  Why didn't they just bomb the rest of the districts?????  I pondered that the WHOLE time I was reading this book.  WHY is the Capitol even putting up with this \\"war nonsense\\" when they can bomb these places to bits!!!  I enjoyed the book, mostly, but my other confusions are:  1. Come on...her mother just goes off to another place to live..that made no sense  2. Same thing with Gale....why does their friendship just die...just like that...after all they've been through  3. She doesn't kill Snow......she could have easily killed both Snow and Coin.....  I'm glad I read the book, but some of it just wasn't thought out thoroughly
B001UV4XJ2|2.0|I pre-ordererd this months ago in great anticipation to see the final confrontation between Harry and Voldermort as written; in the great hall surrounded by Harry's friends, supporters and enemies alike.  This was the best, most uplifting chapter of the entire series.  With Voldermort's final death Harry is mobbed by friends, students, parents, teachers all in absolute joy.  I  can't imagine why this was rewritten for the movie.  Instead, the final showdown was an extended action sequence of the two alone, dueling without witnesses.  And when Harry emerges triumphant, there is no outpouring of joy and congratulations, only dejected faces.  We're not even sure anyone is aware that Voldermont is dead as it's never mentioned.  What a terrible disservice to J.K. Rowlands book.<br /><br />I have no complaint in regard to the UltraViolet Digital Copy as I have no idea what that is but I felt terribly let down by the ending of the movie.  I'm at a complete loss as to why, when the rest of the movie followed the book somewhat well, the final showdown was rewritten to avoid the triumphant victory expressed so well in the book. Whose idea was it to butcher the final \\"only one can survive\\" duel we knew was coming from the very first? What a slap in the face!
0671027573|5.0|One thing I love about Linda Howard is that she writes murder and mysteries for people who don't like...well, murder and mysteries. She combines everything into a package that's a perfect mix of sex (s'cuse me, romance), mystery, thriller, and dialogue that makes you laugh out loud. Linda Howard is an auto-buy on my list and Mr. Perfect is not an exception.<br /><br />I'd be lying if I said I didn't read her books for the hunky male characters (who usually aren't buttholes, control freaks, Edward Cullen, etc) and the tension that is almost always guaranteed between the main couple, in this case: Jaine and Sam. I love Jaine and her smart mouth. She always has a comeback, and she is the leader when it comes to making you laugh or snort- note: do not drink while reading this book, you will spew it all over yourself. Add a sexy cop named Sam and you have chemistry that sizzles. I've lost count of how many times I laughed, grinned, fanned myself, and over all enjoyed myself because of these two characters and when they argued it was golden. - Just saying, Sam would be my Mr. Perfect, I really liked his character that well.<br /><br />In Mrs. Howard's books, there's always the 'bad guy' that's after the main character. In Mr. Perfect, the bad guy is written in a way that makes you want to double check your locks and take precautions at night. You won't even guess who it is until after she's told you and they've killed several times- unless you have really awesome deductive skills. The hunt is always full of suspense, but never enough that you flat out feel terrified. I do feel a little let down that the confrontation scene wasn't bigger. I didn't feel the threat (as in OMG she's about to die!!) on Jaine's life during the scene, there was just something missing.<br /><br />I read this one in a little over a day and I loved every single minute of it.
1416585710|2.0|Confession - I am a rabid Stephen King fan.  If he published a book of pictures of his toilet paper leavings I would probably buy it just because his name is noted as author.  Our relationship has been longer than my marriage - and as in all marriages, the honey moon period is long over.  Even so - I expect a little effort now and then.  So I was more than disappointed with this overly long book, full of nonsense phrases supposed to represent the inside language of a marriage and a very contrived storyline.  This seems a poor man's combination of Secret Window, Rose Madder with sprinklings of the Talisman's territories - but none of the wit, suspense and fun of those books.  Lisey is quite boring - her weirdly named sisters never fleshed out and Scott seems full of himself.  Other than some passages where Scott describes events of his childhood - I am really wondering if Stephen wrote any of this novel.  All in all - save yourself the time and wait for the real Stephen King to write the next book
B001IBIHQ4|3.0|Like everyone, I love Band of Brothers and had high expectations for this series.  Perhaps too high.  The first four episodes are very slow, leaving me wondering if the Marines faced any combat at all during this campaign.  Finally, the story begins to concentrate on the trials and tribulations of the war itself, rather than hours of back story that leave us feeling no closer to the characters than when we started.<br /><br />My advice: if you feel bored and disappointed in the first two discs, stick with it.  It gets better.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|I have read all of the Twilight books, seen all of the movies (just got home from watching Breaking Dawn) and LOVE the sound tracks.  I love that they don't just stick to one type of genre of music and have something that everyone can relate to and appreciate.  I love Muse too but if that's all I wanted to hear I'd buy a Muse CD... I also think that Bruno sings beautifully and you can really feel the emotion in his songs.
1451627289|5.0|Stephen King's most recent book, 11/22/63, is a time-travel adventure about a man from 2011 who uses a time \\"bubble\\" to attempt to prevent the Kennedy assassination. Writing a book  like this is a bold move on the part of Mr. King. In the science fiction realm, time-travel stories are rampant and can easily become cliched and overdone. Furthermore, the Kennedy assassination is a kind of Grand Central Station for time travelers in fiction. It has been done in stories, books and television. So combining the two yet again was something of a risk. But after reading 11/22/63 it was a risk that I am grateful that Stephen King decided to take. The book is an outstanding example of what can be achieved when two over-used story lines are looked at with fresh eyes and a fresh approach. I loved the book from start to finish and most of the time had difficulty putting it down.<br /><br />The story is told from the point of view of Jake Epping. Jake is a teacher in Maine. His friend, Al Templeton, who runs the local burger joint, lets him in on a little secret. In the back of the burger joint is a portal into 1958. It is a little hard for Jake to accept until he tries the portal for himself. Al has been back to try to prevent the Kennedy assassination, but is sick with cancer and passes the torch to Jake. Before Jake can try to prevent the Kennedy assassination, he first needs to prove to himself that the past can be changed and affect the future. This little side quest takes Jake on an edge-of-your-seat thrill ride through familiar territory: Derry, Maine, in 1958. After his hard fought success, he returns to 2011 and decides to take on the mission to prevent the Kennedy assassination. This means living in the past for 5 years. And meeting someone special and falling in love. I won't give away the ending but it is equally as thrilling as the rest of the book.<br /><br />Rather than use tried and true tropes of time-travel stories, King takes what seems to me to be a unique approach: each time you go through the portal, everything is reset back to the same day in 1958. This adds an important plot complication. Anything you've done to change the past is undone once you return through the portal to 1958. It means that if something goes wrong along the way, say, several years into Epping's efforts, he can just go back directly to the point where things went wrong, but he has to start over from the beginning, much like a video game.<br /><br />Jake Epping's character is well-developed, like all Stephen King characters and the story is told from his point of view and in his voice, which becomes familiar and comforting. And there is a wonderful surprise for long-time Stephen King readers: some familiar settings, some familiar background stories, and even some familiar faces during the time Jake Epping spends in Derry, Maine.<br /><br />The Kennedy assassination thread is also very well handled. King mentions possibly conspiracy theories, but proceeds under the assumption that it was a lone gunman and that helps to move the story along and avoid getting bogged down that has been rehashed in plenty of other books and movies. This is not a book about the Kennedy assassination. It is much more about the effect people have on the world around them-and each other.<br /><br />Most of all, this was a fun book to read, an edge-of-your-seat thriller with just the right amount of mystery, mystique, adventure, romance, and humor thrown in for good measure. Yes, humor. The funniest scene I've ever read is contained within these pages. Don't worry: you'll know it when you see it. This read is well-deserving of 5-stars.<br /><br />This review originally appeared at jamietoddrubin.com.go through the portal, everything is reset back to the same day in 1958. This adds an important plot complication. Anything you've done to change the past is undone once you return through the portal to 1958. It means that if something goes wrong along the way, say, several years into Epping's efforts, he can just go back directly to the point where things went wrong, but he has to start over from the beginning, much like a video game.  Jake Epping's character is well-developed, like all Stephen King characters and the story is told from his point of view and in his voice, which becomes familiar and comforting. And there is a wonderful surprise for long-time Stephen King readers: some familiar settings, some familiar background stories, and even some familiar faces during the time Jake Epping spends in Derry, Maine.  The Kennedy assassination thread is also very well handled. King mentions possibly conspiracy theories, but proceeds under the assumption that it was a lone gunman and that helps to move the story along and avoid getting bogged down that has been rehashed in plenty of other books and movies. This is not a book about the Kennedy assassination. It is much more about the effect people have on the world around them-and each other.  Most of all, this was a fun book to read, an edge-of-your-seat thriller with just the right amount of mystery, mystique, adventure, romance, and humor thrown in for good measure. Yes, humor. The funniest scene I've ever read is contained within these pages. Don't worry: you'll know it when you see it. This read is well-deserving of 5-stars.  This review originally appeared at jamietoddrubin.com.
B00632HWOG|2.0|My small business account is hosted by Yahoo, but the mail function will only bring up the free Yahoo mail, not the inbox for my paid account
B005DMNS4A|5.0|I've got the MFSL Gold; I bought this version for the demos.  I've compared both on my fairly high end system.  To each his own, but in my opinion this new release wins hands down.  I'm happy to have added it to my collection.
B005Q1W10A|4.0|Season 2 of 'Downton Abbey' does not disappoint!  It's sure good to be back with this lovely cast of characters for more!  Sure, there is some predictability in some of the sub-plots (that's to be expected when the foreshadowing was done so well in Season 1), but there are enough turns and twists to keep the series SO interesting!  And best of all, the storyline of so many of the characters we know and love are brought back for further view: the world of Downton Abbey is so enthralling and captivating, that I know you will love it as I do.  A chance to really delve into the lives of those involved, and a chance for more of their stories to play out: I'm happy to see that the U.S. version is the original U.K. UNEDITED version, and that they are making that clear...the full production is what is wanted here!  I would HIGHLY recommend this follow-up, to a beloved first series: it measures up, and hits the mark enough to satisfy those of us who fell in love with 'Downton Abbey' as a series!<br /><br />NOTE: This US (UN-EDITED UK version) does include the Christmas Special ~ it is not listed on the packaging, but insert disc 3, and you will find a delightful suprise!
B005DOL0R0|5.0|I got mine 2 days after my Kindle, and it's made a nice resting place for my Kindle when not in use.<br /><br />Quality:<br />I certainly don't see any creases or obvious defects in workmanship like some other reviewers have claimed. The leathery handle material tends to pick up some finger grease occasionally, but that comes off easily with a cloth.  While I can't say it's made of the most amazing material or quality, it's certainly comparable to many other sleeves.  It beats the $5 - 10 eBay sleeves I've gotten for other devices, by far.  I can't understand why people are leaving such negative reviews, that $30 is too much for something like this, especially when they clearly could see what it looked like in the product images (did you forget to zoom?) before purchasing.  What I got was exactly as pictured and described, and I have very little room for complaints about the quality.<br /><br />Smell:<br />I don't know what everyone else is smelling, but we're either all old here, have stuffy noses from seasonal allergies, or I just got a different batch than everyone else.  I can smell the new plastic scent when I hold the sleeve directly in my face, but it's not overpowering at all.  It's certainly magnitudes less of a scent than a new car, a new printer, etc.  I didn't even notice it until I read the reviews.  Your mileage may vary, depending on just how sensitive your nose is.  Just know that if you get one from the same batch as mine, it's on par (or less) as most other electronics out there.<br /><br />Product:<br />I'm a bit concerned about the relatively small margin between the device and the zipper.  I'm afraid I'm going to not put the Kindle in far enough, and have the zipper scratching up the sides.  Smaller margin means less wiggle-room for the Kindle while in transit, as well as smaller size for easier handling and fit, so I suppose it's a fair trade-off -- as long as I can remember to consistently push it in all the way before zipping.  Inconvenient?  Sure enough.  But since a 7\\" tablet is all about size, I can certainly deal with it.<br /><br />Other reviewers have complained about lack of protection.  Exactly what are you expecting?  If you're wanting ruggedization, you should consider getting a full case or bag instead.  This is a lightweight *sleeve*, meant for portability -- to protect the Kindle from light shocks and other objects while in an outer bag or pocket.  That said, this sleeve has quite a bit of protection compared to most other sleeves I've had.  I feel absolutely confident it provides enough protection for what I'll be carrying the sleeve in (my MacBook Air bag, or my coat's inner pocket).<br /><br />As long as you are confident that a compact sleeve is all you're looking for, I believe this will do the job just fine for you too.<br /><br />Update (May 4, 2012):<br />Roughly half a year since I started using the case, and it's doing great.  It goes with me whenever I go out, in my car door's pocket.  Restaurants, beaches, doctor offices, and stores -- it's seen them all, and no wear or stains to speak of yet.  It's protected my Kindle well, and its portability is indeed excellent.<br /><br />Despite my initial concern for the zipper scratching my Kindle because of its tight fit, I'm happy to report that such an incident has yet to occur, and my Kindle still looks brand new thanks to it.Sure enough.  But since a 7\\" tablet is all about size, I can certainly deal with it.<br /><br />Other reviewers have complained about lack of protection.  Exactly what are you expecting?  If you're wanting ruggedization, you should consider getting a full case or bag instead.  This is a lightweight *sleeve*, meant for portability -- to protect the Kindle from light shocks and other objects while in an outer bag or pocket.  That said, this sleeve has quite a bit of protection compared to most other sleeves I've had.  I feel absolutely confident it provides enough protection for what I'll be carrying the sleeve in (my MacBook Air bag, or my coat's inner pocket).<br /><br />As long as you are confident that a compact sleeve is all you're looking for, I believe this will do the job just fine for you too.<br /><br />Update (May 4, 2012):<br />Roughly half a year since I started using the case, and it's doing great.  It goes with me whenever I go out, in my car door's pocket.  Restaurants, beaches, doctor offices, and stores -- it's seen them all, and no wear or stains to speak of yet.  It's protected my Kindle well, and its portability is indeed excellent.<br /><br />Despite my initial concern for the zipper scratching my Kindle because of its tight fit, I'm happy to report that such an incident has yet to occur, and my Kindle still looks brand new thanks to it.
B0053YGYO4|2.0|Sad to say I didn't like this cd at all, and I am sure I am the world's biggest Coldplay fan.  Chris Martin's voice is usually incredible, the song writing amazing, and the music soothing, magical, inspiring and at times haunting.  Mylo Xyloto has none of this.  I am so disappointed!  Except for \\"Paradise\\" and \\"Every teardrop is a waterfall\\" (both of which have already been released to radio), the rest of the songs are nothing special at all.  Some of the songs I can't even stand listening to at all.  Coldplay is so unique and in a league all their own, but I feel the song they made with Rhianna \\"Princess of China\\" is a sell out to commercialism.  Rhianna and Coldplay together???? Come on!!  Also, the cd looks like it has lots of songs, but just be aware that several of them are only 30 second or less instrumentals that are very poor.  Can't say I regret buying the cd because now it will go with all the other cds I have of theirs to keep things complete....but will I listen to it and wear it out and have to buy another copy like I have with many of their others?  NO way!
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I love the UI and all of the features. Will update to five stars when they integrate a reminder/alarm feature.
B0055Q5F36|5.0|Nice case, doesnt add too much bulk to the phone and protects it nicely, the screen protector is not for the AT&T model its for the European version, I used it for a bit, then took it off, this screen is pretty tough anyway, doesn't need that protector in my opinion.  would recommend this case.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is SUCH a good read!  While it is often listed in Young Adult books, I found the content to be a little heavy for some readers.  Awesome story line, but again, heavy for some audiences.  Disturbing, but a real page turner.  I wouldn't let a middle schooler read this even though many pick it up.  Please read it before you let your middle schooler read it to see for yourself if he or she can handle the heavy nature of the book.  A must read for mature audiences due to the violence and killings.  A true favorite!
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Adele's 21 is the best cd I have bought this year, and the most played.  Each song is mesmerizing.  Adele's voice is incredible, the lyrics so beautiful and true.  I listen to it on a daily basis.  Can't say enough about this cd and this woman's talent.  WOW.  I look forward to her next cd and look forward to seeing her perform live one day.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|Just need better directions on how to attach a note to main screen<br />on. Colors ate great!  They do not hurt your eyes!
B004MC8CA2|1.0|What a strange tale of obvious fiction. It starts fast and really slows to a crawl until revelations, ending with a highly anti-climatic cliff hanger. Its a bit strange over the course of the book a Jewish carpenter becomes an omni-present zombie that people attempt to communicate with for thousands of years, symbolically eat his flesh and drink his blood weekly (even stranger things in some chapters), and even commit acts of violence and start wars. I don't recommend it due to the lame and confusing writing. You're better off reading a Star Wars novel.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I tried this and it really works. You are supposed to do it everyday, but I found that I could only do it for 3 days on then skip a day before going again. I toned up quite a bit and lost a few pounds as well. In a month and a half, I lost almost 2 sizes and had a lot more energy. I did not significantly change my diet, but did make an effort to eat less, particularly later in the day. It is not easy to do, but I love that there are options for beginners and that the workouts are short. If you are committed, you will see results.
0439023521|5.0|Normally, I don't read books of fiction, they just don't interest me.  But my sister (a high school teacher) bought me a copy last Christmas and I waited months to start it thinking it was going to be just too odd and out of my interest.  Wow was I wrong.  This is one of the most gripping, exciting books I have ever read!!!  I could not put it down.  Already halfway through the second book \\"Catching Fire\\" and can't wait for the third book and movie.  Who knew someone who only read true stories and never bothered with fiction would love this book so much!  INCREDIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This case may be trying to imitate the iPad cover, but thats fine.  It adds no bulk to the Kindle Fire, provides protection to the back as well as the screen, and looks nice.  I would still recommend a screen cover and I will be interested to see the life of the product, but it appears well designed and manufactured.  If you are looking for a good case without adding bulk to the product, this is the way to go without spending $40-$50 or more.  Shop around though.  I purchased for $39 and the wait was 3-10 weeks and the next day found on amazon for $29 and with the reduced shipping with my free month of Prime when buying the Kindle Fire, I had it in my hands the next day for only $3.00 in shipping cost.
0743487486|1.0|This is one of the worst parenting books I've ever read.  It was given to me by a friend who \\"just loved it\\" and the more I read, the more I realized this is about what not to do as a parent.  This guy has no degree in psychology, education or health.  In fact, his degree is in history.  He does not sight the bulk of research available, only vague observations and ideologies regarding parenting.  Considering he is only espousing what he thinks is an intellectual approach to parenting and not something that has been implemented through a long-term study sampling a wide range of children and families, his opinions are silly at best and reckless at worst.  To say that giving praise to a child is wrong is, well, wrong.  We are a co-regulating species, which means we depend on others to help us moderate our feelings, especially when young.  Depriving a child of such feedback is not only wrong, it is cruel.  This highly individualist approach teaches that none of us should care what others think or what others have to say about what we are doing ever.  Somehow, children will develope a moral compass on their own as if intrinsic value just happens as a force of nature.  That's why there is a diffence between wild animals and domsticated animals, one is trained, one is not.  And to say that training children to do what their told because an authority figure said so is wrong, well, that's life.  Can we say, cooperation?  And further more, if you learn what other people want and do it, it will make you more, not less succesful.  Like, if I do exactly what my boss wants and even go the extra mile, I get a raise. I feel so bad for his kids when they get into the world and don't check in with others, don't ask for guidance and think they can just do their thing on their own without consideration of anyone else.  Scary.  The biggest issue I had with this mans musings on child rearing was his absolute anathema to competition.  Half-way through the book he basically said if you praise your child when he comes home with a trophy, you are essentially telling that child it is good to put others down and competition is not acceptable ever.  OMG!  REALLY?!?  I don't know what school experience traumatized this guy against competition but he has some serious issues surrounding this topic.  Nothing could be further from my own experience in high school. I loved competing in the arenas I was a part of and sometimes I went home with a trophy and sometimes I didn't but if I didn't, I NEVER thought worse of the kid who did.  I just analized with my teacher what I did good and what could I improve upon so I could be the one with the trophy next time.  Competition was exhilarating and not always because of the reward at the end but just the shear engagement with others to match skills.  I would never deny my children the joy of competing and performing and helping them towards excellence and mastery of their skills.  So sad he's trying to tell parents this is wrong, talk about sour grapes.  And for someone against judgement, he seems very judemental.  Stear away from this book, try the \\"No Cry Discipline Solution\\" by Pantley or any of the Sears books.  \\"Our Babies, Our Selves\\" was proably the best one I read out of any of them.  Didn't need any other baby book after that one.  Good luck, don't get this book!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The hunger game is the best book that i have ever read. this book keeps you on your toes and  guessing what is going to happen next with every chapter! i highly recommend this book to anyone that can read because its an amazing read that shouldn't be passed up.
0596805527|4.0|This is a \\"must have\\" book for anyone writing JavaScript for use with web pages. No matter what your level of JavaScript knowledge (as long as you know some JavaScript) you will be able to benefit from this book. It comprehensively covers JavaScript as it is today. While not all of the new JavaScript statements are supported by all browsers in common use, the book clearly describes how to work around that lack of support so that your script doesn't crash while still benefiting from the advances in what the language allows.<br /><br />The book covers both the modern approach to writing JavaScript as well as how JavaScript used to be written (so as to help you to understand what the old code actually does). Most of the time the book does make the distinction between them and advises you as to which is the appropriate way to do things.<br /><br />Perhaps the antiquated info that has the most space dedicated to it is browser sniffing using the user enterable free format user_agent information in the navigator object - while there are unfortunately lots of web pages that have made the mistake of using this the approach has actually been obsolete since Netscape 2 introduced feature sensing. The book does admit that browser sniffing is 'problematic' but still devotes a couple of pages to how to do it where that space would have been better used to list a summary of a few of the reasons why you shouldn't use it.<br /><br />The complete opposite approach is taken with regard to the now antiquated document.write statement with the book including the code for a streaming API for innerHTML to make it a trivial exercise to get rid of all such antiquated statements.<br /><br />The very few flaws in this book make up a minute fraction of the book but they stood out for me mainly because the rest of the book is to such a high standard. This book isn't for beginners but for anyone who has even a slight knowledge of JavaScript, this is a book you need to get. If you can only afford one JavaScript book then get this one.
B004J1DBJI|1.0|There's something wrong with the keyboard... When I type space, it gives me &gt; sign; when I type +, it give me Q. Please fix!!
0385737955|5.0|Reading this book was one of the best decisions of my life. When my friend recommended this book to me I wasn't really expecting to much from it. BUT, when I got this book I could never put it down. I believe the book was well developed and I will be buying the next book. I highly recommend this book for people who like suspense and action.
B005LZW8FO|2.0|Meh.. made me fall asleep. My girlfriend too. And we both have very different tastes in movies. I say pass on this one it's bleh at best.
B003X27L9U|5.0|This book gets at you from the start and doesn't let you stop for breath. It is all the more scary because although narrated through 5-year-old Jack, as an adult reader you understand some things he does not.<br />The characters' development in the second part of the book( no spoilers) was extremely interesting and well thought-out, although it is hard to explain why without giving away some important elements. I kept wondering \\"what happens next? what will they make of that?\\"<br />Emma Donoghue makes the most of an uncanny, scary situation, while avoiding to get into over-ugly details. I don't think the word \\"rape\\" is ever mentioned, for example, not even heard by Jack in adults'conversations, whereas it is a central element of the story background. The lack of gory details is maybe why some readers found the book boring. There is a lot of subtext and inferences we readers need to make, but to me that is what made it so fascinating.
B001BNFR6W|3.0|It was all great till I got to season 7 two of the disks just skipped and would not play at all...  Otherwise, it was all good...sad...Now I will have to buy season 7 by itself to have the whole series.
B004LWZW8I|1.0|Tarsem Singh is a true visual artist. His films include The Cell and The Fall. Both are visually striking, dramatically satisfying films, at once riveting and horrific. Both films contain unforgettable images. The Cell is a masterpiece of abhorrent beauty. The Fall is a haunting piece of eye candy with a heart-wrenchingly powerful story at its core. Tarsem is a talented man - yet it seems that he has finally decided to sell out, to squander his talents on mainstream macho-trash.   The Immortals comes from the same ilk as 300, meaning that it's an overproduced action film, largely filmed using green screen technology, opting for style over substance. It tells the tale of Thesius, a young mortal who is sent on a mission from Zeus. The objective is to lead an army against King Hyperion, an evil tyrant who is trekking across Greece to obtain a coveted weapon - a magical bow and arrow, no less - which has the power to release the titans and annihilate all of humanity.   Throughout the course of the film, Thesius crushes a few skulls, deflowers an innocent oracle, annoys the gods to no end, and unsuccessfully attempts to rescue his mother from the likes of Mickey Rourke, who shatters a man's testicles with a croquet mallet for kicks, and wears an awkward little mask with unnecessarily large horns throughout the majority of the film. Speaking of which, there isn't a character in this film that doesn't get to wear a funny hat. Lampshades, snail and clam shells, chandelier prisms - anything is up for grabs in the hat department, according to the costume designer of The Immortals.   The acting is mediocre from all involved. Mickey Rourke is simply miscast. He grumbles and mumbles his lines. He seems bored and indifferent. Henry Cavill shows plenty of machismo and gets to scream and twirl around in slow motion a lot. As for Stephen Dorff - well, I'm still not sure what he is doing in this film. As with Rourke, he seems out of his element. The writing leaves much to be desired.This film contains laughably inept dialogue, and the characters are poorly realized. The visuals may be three-dimensional, but you can't say the same for the people on the screen.   The direction is frustratingly dull. There is definitely some eye candy to be seen, but it does not feel like a Tarsem film. It feels like a Zack Snyder rip-off. That is nothing to be proud of.   Rated R for graphic violence and sexuality.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|OK, well I just got a Kindle Fire a few days ago and we moved to a new house where we're just setting up our Wi-Fi network with a new provider. This nice little app allowed me to walk around all 3 floors and make sure we were putting the router in the right place, correct height,  and best angle to get a stable, strong connection throughout the house. I even checked outside to make sure I could sit in the backyard or on the front steps and use my wireless devices. Once the router was properly position my signal on the WiFi Analyzer was a perfectly straight line on the graphs and well into the \\"Green\\"=Strong signal on the signal strength indicator. I like that you can view your signal in a variety of ways on the graphs and also use the signal strength indicator while walking around. Good solid app, very useful. Now I will also be able to find the places where the signals are the strongest outside of McDonald's or Starbucks too. Oh, and it also shows you what channels you get the strongest signals on so you can change your router to use the channel with the best signal for your location.
B005JLN9ZI|5.0|Drake has grown so much since his last album ... because it is so deep ... give it some time to sink in before you judge the album.  I listened to the album a few times ... first I liked the beginning of the album the best ... then it was the the last few songs of the album ... then it was the middle ... then I thought about it and it hit me ... the whole album is fire.  Favorite Songs  Lord Knows - sick production  Practice - love the Juvenile salute
B0055SWM08|5.0|Kept seeing this highly rated on App Store but held onto my $.99. Finally tried it and loved it. Can't wait for the sequel.
B002ZG976U|5.0|I love this movie and had to have it, so on to Amazon I went, and there it was...Found the right item I wanted and had it FAST....
B000002HEP|2.0|i have told you that the cd shows just the first 4 tracks, the last one other 6 it doesn't sounds, it seems to be not record, its diffucult but it happens in few times, thank you!
B002KSPKRS|2.0|got this headset for my anniversary was excited to play BF3. its easy to set up the only problem is the imput jack was loose and the optical wire wouldn't connect you had to wiggle the connection and once it worked you could not breath next to it. sent it back for a refund instead got an exchange. sending it back as well going to buy locally.
B0050DZN4K|5.0|I have been using feedly desktop for years, when the android app came out I was really excited and feedly didn't prove me wrong. This is one of the best android apps out there and  google reader sync makes it even better.
0439023513|3.0|I'm not gonna give any spoilers so don't worry. But if you liked the first 2 1/2 books you will HATE the ending. Plot wise it was okay but I feel like the publishers were on the writer's case to get the book done because what happened in the last 20 pages should have been a whole other book. So much happens in a \\"haze\\" that I had to read it like three times to fully grasp what happened. Something THAT big should have had more time and explanation. That being said, everything else was okay. I just think the end was a total cop out.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|I have had other weather apps but they weren't right. I like this interface and amount of information. You should try it.
B005K17RU0|5.0|wonderful app  i travel a lot and i like the ability to check the weather quickly and accurately  thank you
B005QI4TP8|5.0|If you like a big voice with a big sound then Florence Welch and the band are for you.  Simply the most unique voice and sound I have heard in years, awesome!
B005HS00ZU|4.0|My only disappointment is the setlist. His covers of Listening Wind and Heroes are two of my favorites off the Scratch My Back CD. These two songs plus Secret World were some of my favorites from the show in Milwaukee (to top it off, I arrived just a few minutes late and missed the most of Heroes). I realize that they taped this at the start of the tour and these songs were added later in the tour. Still was hoping they might have included them as bonus tracks or something like that.
B005JZBP8W|1.0|This is a review of this blu-ray transfer and not the movie itself.  I preordered this great film and have looked forward to the restored version of this classic  coming to blu-ray, but boy what a disapointing transfer.  The sound is great, but the quality of the picture transfer is lousey to say the least.  It looks a lot better on DVD. At least it does on my 65 inch Vizio TV.  Both sides of the picture are out of focus and lack color.  Be sure you rent this before you buy to see how it looks on your system.  I am very disapointed with CBS (Fox) for ruining this film.  If any of you remember the Fox Tod-A-O release of \\"Oklahoma\\" on DVD and how \\"bad\\" it looked, this is another disaster by Fox.  It is a Warner Brothers picture, but rights have returned to CBS who sold the film rights to WB.  Buyer beware.
B001UV4XI8|4.0|I just wanted to share with everyone just like a previous reviewer that the digital copy redemption code has been extended.  I'll be transferring a copy to my IPAD. I just bought the blu ray combo from best buy earlier in the week. Enjoy
B005BDZN62|2.0|This is a review of the \\"transfer\\" to Blu-ray, not of the movie itself.  This is a flawed transfer to Blu-ray.  Buyer beware, especially if you have a large screen TV.  This could have been a stellar disc, but Fox has once again destroyed what \\"could have been.\\"  I'd like to know why they keep people who ruin transfers working.  I guess in the long run they make money for Fox, by keeping us suckers double dipping and waiting for a better transfer.  I'm going to make sure I do my homework before I buy another preorder blu-ray movie.  My Fair Lady has 10 times the problems, so don't buy until you rent.  Again, if you have a small screen TV you will see much less of the problems seen on a large screen TV.
1451648537|4.0|The amazing thing about Steve Jobs was his ability to follow two opposing ideals simultaneously. In fact, an entire book could be written about him just exploring this facet. He was a man of opposites smashed together: A health nut who got cancer. A visionary who couldn't see his own limitations. An enlightened person who was cruel. An innovator of complex technology who loved simplicity so much he didn't furnish his house. A master manipulator who possessed childlike wonder. The list could go on.  He was certainly a complex person and although found myself hating him some of the time as I read, I couldn't help being fascinated. Some people have said that Wozniak was the one but I got tired of his meekness early on. He was like a Jesus character - sure he pulled out a miracle or two, but peel back the magic and he's actually pretty dull. In fact most of the people in the book paled in comparison, and I don't think that was just proselytizing by the author.   There was some weak stuff, like the fact that his personal relationships were glossed over when they weren't being viewed through the polarizing lens of Jobs's personality. I'd forgive it for his children, since they had no choice in who their parents were, but I wonder if there weren't some stipulation for the wife. She came off as so angelically supportive that I could hear the ting! as light glinted off the gleam in her perfect smile. The biography wasn't about her, so okay, I'd forgive it, but the real problem is that we never got to see Jobs's relationship to himself. We all see ourselves as the hero in the big book that is the story of our life, but most of Jobs's assertions were reduced to defenses of his binary nature. I would have liked to have seen more of him as a person, and less of Apple figurehead.   A couple of people showed surprise when I told them I was reading this book. I never owned a Mac, I'm not a geekophile or a programmer, and I have to admit that I was only maginally aware that he had anything to do with Pixar until I read the book. But I was aware that Jobs is an icon of my lifetime, a person so unique an compelling that our world could not exist in its present state had he not been here. And this: my iphone is the single most important piece of technology I've ever owned.
0738727326|5.0|Absolutely gorgeous artwork and one of the most beautiful decks I own. I plan on purchasing a \\"back-up\\" deck of this just for show. A real treasure!!
B0062A605G|5.0|On my...This is such a hot album!!! I have been waiting  for a collection of simple feel good rhythm and blues   contemporized music and it's  all here. I have not heard  one bad track in this bunch. And that distinctive mother  wit voice Betty has is still intact.  The lyrics are also   on point. I hope people who complain about the lack  of great r&b out there today find this great gem. I can  tell already, I'll playing it for a long time.
B0047E6LW6|1.0|Is this band for real? satan,clown paint, ooooh were spooky. Sorry, I dont buy it,too silly for me..and a kinda sad. Cheers!!
B004BSFSTA|2.0|I've owned these headphones for nearly a year, and I absolutely loved them. They look great, sound great and are comfortable. But after the 8/9 month mark, the cushions around the ears started to dry out and crack. This wasn't a big deal to me, they were still comfortable. Then, after 11 months, I went to put them on, and the entire left ear piece broke off completely. I wasn't devastated because I knew they only had a limited amount of time left.  If moneys no problem, and you don't need them for long term, go ahead and get them, otherwise I'd think twice.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I purchased the free app for kindle fire and its so much fun to play. I finished most of the levels.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|We loved the final Harry Potter. It's sad to see it end but they did a great job. The blue-ray was clear and colorful
B005HSL626|1.0|I purchased it for the kindle fire and it crashed. The paid ad is annoying. Uninstalled shortly. The size was twinty Mb wasted.
0385738773|4.0|When I read The Maze Runner it quickly was added to my list of \\"best books\\", a ranking I don't give lightly. I read The Scorch Trials, and while it didn't live up to the first book, it still held its own and was far from being bad.<br />When this one came out, I was so afraid that it would completely disappoint like the final Hunger Games book. So I expected the worst, and maybe because of that reason, was surprised that it did as well as it did.<br />It probably truly only deserves 3 stars, but to me it was better than just an \\"okay\\" book.<br /><br />Though, Death Cure is my least favorite of the trilogy. It took me about 3 days longer to finish, than it should have. I remember thinking when I first got it that at 324 pages it seemed kind of short, but now I'm really glad that it wasn't longer, it felt a little drawn out as it was. Or rather, I felt the things that did drag on, were the wrong things. I think The Death Cure could've been a longer book, but only if James Dashner had taken a different approach to it than he did.<br />I feel that the book description is a bit deceiving, as it made me think that Thomas would get all his memories restored back. But he doesn't, and he's still putting pieces together from small flashes all through the final book. Some things that were supposed to be twists, I saw coming. And when some characters died, while I did feel bad because I grew to like them, it seemed clich&eacute; to kill them at all.<br />For a series that started off so original and out there, at the end when the secret comes to light, it's an idea that's so unoriginal.<br /><br />I almost wish that James Dashner had finished the series in two books. I don't know why, but it seems like trilogies have been some kind of fad for the past few years. And James jumped on the band wagon when it really wasn't necessary.<br />I find I really did \\"like it\\", but can't say that that it deserves a full 4 stars; I'll say 3 .<br /><br />All the nitpicking aside, I don't regret getting and reading this book at all. It was a fairly satisfying ending, to a really good series. So if you've read, and enjoyed the other two books, then I'd still recommend buying The Death Cure.s a fairly satisfying ending, to a really good series. So if you've read, and enjoyed the other two books, then I'd still recommend buying The Death Cure.
B004SD5GZ4|5.0|This app is great and fast. It works like charm. Must have to view documents in Pdt format. Recommended for any device.
B004EPYZTE|4.0|3D Conan 2011 Review: Buy it.<br /><br />3D REVIEW:<br />What do I expect with 3D? Great depth to tell apart objects easily with two eyes, and occasionally, some objects that move outside the screen.<br />Having just reviewed the film a second time, this time on the 3D Blu Ray, the 3D in the 2nd half of the movie, starting with the scene where Conan fights the Sand People, has great 3D depth that does not disappoint. The first half however, lacks enough depth, and takes the 8/10 3D down to a 7/10 3D rating. The first hour of the 1h52m film has very average 3D where you question why you're bothering wearing 3D glasses. You can see some hint of depth, is the best way to put it. But if you're a 3D fan looking for a really good and brutal sword battle movie, buy the 3D version, as it also includes 2D viewing on the same disc, and the 2nd hour of the film has great 3D. Nonetheless, the film itself makes up for the 1st hour's minimal 3D with some thrilling, gory action.<br /><br />3D: 7/10. The 2nd half of the film's 3D looks great. It's like they put all of their post process effort into that point onward. Before that though, mostly average 3D and not enough depth in that first half, which all comes down to the stereographers doing the 3D post processing. Did they have the time, or were they lacking the boldness required to make a scene POP? Or did they learn their lessons from the first half as evidenced by the well done 3D in the 2nd half?<br /><br />Conan the Barbarian 2011 has plenty of bloody combat with swords, sorcery and is well filmed, so you can follow the fights visually without confusion. Conan sets off on his adventure to avenge his father, stop the powerful Leader from gaining the mask of power, rescue the beautiful babe and slaughter anything that stands in his way. If you're looking for a film to enlighten the mind, Conan isn't about that. This film is about adventure and barbaric swordfighting. By the end of the film, I was really impressed with the amount of nearly non stop action here. In the end, a gritty sword adventure showcasing a fearsome, brutal army of enemy warriors for Conan to face, along with Sand People, a Tentacle Creature in the water, and more.<br /><br />Recommended for action, fantasy genre fans who want action before story.In the end, a gritty sword adventure showcasing a fearsome, brutal army of enemy warriors for Conan to face, along with Sand People, a Tentacle Creature in the water, and more.    Recommended for action, fantasy genre fans who want action before story.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I am using it to remotely manage my work and home PCs from my phone. Works great! Can't wait to get it on my new kindle fire.
B004SUWR2C|2.0|I have an iPod Touch with UNO installed. I also purchased it for my Android phone. The Apple version makes the Android version look like a 5 year old designed it with a crayon. The graphics suck. The game play on the Apple version is smooth and well designed. The Android version is jerky and not nearly as intuitive. Apple also has an excellent worldwide online muli-player version built in which works quite well. All in all the Android version of this game is abysmal and inexcusable. It's not that the iPhone or Touch is better, it's that the game's developers put the effort into one but not the other. We deserve better.
B005EHQGTS|5.0|I tried several remote access apps, splashtop has by far the best performance. Wish it can better support higher resolution.
B005FVFWOI|5.0|I bought the 25th anniversary edition a couple years ago, and it sounds good.  However, completely apples to oranges compared to the 40th anniversary edition.  I bought it on a whim after listening to a couple of the samples on Amazon, and even through my computer's speakers, you can tell the difference.    At the risk of sounding cliche, listening to this version of Aqualung is like hearing it again for the first time.  I'm hearing instruments that I don't remember hearing before, or are far clearer than I've heard before.  Or, I hadn't heard since I listened to it on vinyl last, whenever that was...
B005ZTFPFQ|1.0|99 cents each game. Not free at all.  Do not download unless you want to make the developer rich.  Bla
B005HSG3VK|4.0|I was expecting the worst from some of the outraged reviews, but I feel this product is as expected. It fits perfectly, I love the color (I got pink), it's lightweight but feels pretty sturdy. I gave it 4 stars because I do think it's pricey for what it is, but it seems most tablet covers are overpriced at this point.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Tons of options.  Lets you wake up to a random song from a playlist.  Best alarm clock I've ever used.
B005K17RU0|4.0|This is the best weather app I have found for my Kindle Fire. I believe the initial setup errors others see is running it the first time off WiFi.
0307891402|5.0|Prima did a great job on this strategy guide. It has been very helpful for me when I get stuck on a quest to be able to look it up and get the info I need to move forward.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|It is the game you expect or have used on other devices and works great on Kindle Fire. Free means ad supported. This introduces some lag when they are loading during or between levels. But great for a free app. If you like this and want it less laggy then spent $.99 on the ad-free version.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I was a little worried when I read the reviews on this cover but you really shouldn't be.  In my mind this is a perfect case for the Kindle Fire as it fits like a glove and doesn't add much additional weight or bulk. As well it does work as advertised re: the ability to act as a stand, I've had no issues with it falling down as long as it's on a solid surface.  All in all it's a great case and the $10 price cut makes it even better.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|It is the game you expect or have used on other devices. Free means ad supported. This introduces some lag when they are loading during or between levels. But great for a free app. If you like this and want it less laggy then spent $.99 on the ad-free version.
B005D0RDKW|5.0|A must for any RUSH FAN!! They are best Rock Group Ever! They Have to get into Rock'n'Roll Hall Of Fame!
B004EPYZSU|5.0|this movie was alot better then i expected and I MEAN ALOT BETTER!!!!  an instant classic there is not one bad part to this movie
B0049P1VHS|5.0|I am normally a squeamish person, and I will admit there are scenes in this show that I have to turn away from, but for the most part, this show focuses on the stories and interactions of the different characters. The gore is background. The stories and human interaction is the focus and what I come back for week to week.
B005I64U5C|3.0|How anybody can say this was a well-written movie is beyond me. They are D.C. Comics apologists and it shows through. A movie such as Batman Begins had a superb story, so it's not like I am pro or against DC. If you're going to review a movie, make it honest. This movie did NOT take on the personality of the GL comics throughout the years. It's fine when a movie is over-the-top if it's well-done (Expendables for example.) As much as we all love 3D Blu-Ray special effects, and this disc is excellent at the Special FX, the movie simply can NOT be enjoyed thoroughly due to the script. If they played it campy ONLY it would have worked. If they played it comedy only, it would have worked (a la Green Hornet). If they played if seriously it would have worked. (More in line with the majority of GL comics the past 3 decades.) But they didn't stick to either and this is a farce.
B005POK858|1.0|I put 8 hours into this game because it was really fun and engrossing. BUT it uninstalled itself after 3 days. WTF!
B005I6EVUG|2.0|It was a very tight fit getting kindle fire into cover. Then cover does not stay tightly closed on kindle. Needs an elastic band around it. Very nice quality cover and beautiful to touch and look at. Wish it had come with a built in strap.
B005K17RU0|2.0|radar causes kindle fire to lock up.  no by hour forecast like weatherbug.  looks nice but I'll wait to see if weatherbug appears in Amazons apps
0790744295|4.0|Director George Romero (\\"Night of the Living Dead\\", 1968) and author/screenwriter Stephen King teamed up for this collection of 5 gruesomely funny horror tales. Combining comic-book panels, melodramatic lighting/coloring and camera angles, with the linking sequences in between the tales animated in the style of 1950's E.C. comics, the results will also remind many of classic comic books such as \\"Eerie\\" and \\"Creepy\\".<br /><br />Hal Holbrook, Adrienne Barbeau, Fritz Weaver, Ted Danson, Leslie Nielsen, Ed Harris, Carrie Nye, Viveca Lindfors, E.G. Marshall, and even Stephen King are in the great cast. The tales are titled: \\"Father's Day\\", \\"The Lonesome Death of Jordy Verrill\\", \\"Something to Tide You Over\\", \\"The Crate\\", and \\"They're Creeping Up on You\\". They are all top-notch (with the exception of the just plain silly \\"The Lonesome Death Of Jordy Verrill\\", which stars King in the lead role).<br /><br />\\"The Crate\\" is this reviewer's personal favorite, not because the name of Adrienne Barbeau's vulgar, coarse character is Billie (in her case, Billie is short for Wilma), although Barbeau raucously blaring \\"Oh, just call me Billie! Everyone does!\\" several times does induce outright laughter in this reviewer's home. Hal Holbrook, a very accomplished actor, gives a wry and subtle performance as Billie's beleagured, henpecked husband, and Adrienne Barbeau is spot-on as the trashy, trampy, loudly drunken Billie. And while this segment has the same morbid humor of the rest of the tales, it is also pretty scary at times, with a very satisfying ending.<br /><br />Personal second favorite is \\"Father's Day\\", with the bastard of a father yelling \\"Bedelia! It's Father's Day! Where's my cake? I want my cake, you bitch!\\" and there's nothing quite like seeing Ed Harris doing what this reviewer likes to call his little \\"chicken dance\\", which is rivaled in hilarity only by Jessica Harper's onstage jig in Brian DePalma's underappreciated cult classic \\"Phantom of the Paradise\\" (1974).<br /><br />\\"Something To Tide You Over\\" is third personal favorite (\\"I can hold my breath a long, long time!\\"), and \\"They're Creeping Up on You\\" is for those who are scared by insects, with the great E.G. Marshall as a mean and reclusive germ-phobic millionaire.<br /><br />Great campy horror fare from Romero and King, worth re-watching several times a year (especially around Halloween - the beginning shots and music are reminiscent of John Carpenter's classic \\"Halloween\\").ird personal favorite (\\"I can hold my breath a long, long time!\\"), and \\"They're Creeping Up on You\\" is for those who are scared by insects, with the great E.G. Marshall as a mean and reclusive germ-phobic millionaire.  Great campy horror fare from Romero and King, worth re-watching several times a year (especially around Halloween - the beginning shots and music are reminiscent of John Carpenter's classic \\"Halloween\\").
B005NS0VNU|3.0|Having an opportunity to release a career spanning collection of R.E.M.'s hits is a great thing.  I appreciate  artists having the opportunity to bring us a look at their careers, but I can't help but think that some record executives put this together instead of the band.  It definitely isn't overly indicative of the music that built their long-term fan-base.  No b-sides, no out-takes, no live cuts, precious little heart and soul of what many of us 30 year fans based our passion for R.E.M. on.   Perhaps they should have added \\"Part -ially Complete\\" to the title.
6305841861|4.0|Directed by Sam Raimi, written by Sam Spiegel, and starring loveable ham Bruce Campbell, \\"Evil Dead 2\\" (also known as \\"Evil Dead 2 - Dead By Dawn\\") continues Ash Williams' (Campbell) unfortunate saga in a remote cabin in the woods, where a group of evil spirits possess the living, turning them into screeching, gooey, and hilarious monsters, after being summoned by readings from The Book Of The Dead.<br /><br />If you have seen \\"The Evil Dead\\" (1981) then be prepared for even crazier shenanigans as Ash fights for his life, even to the point of cutting off his own arm \\"It got into my hand and it went bad\\" then attaching a chainsaw to the stump. Filled with terrific one-liners, and Raimi's trademark directing style utilized to perfect effect, \\"Evil Dead 2\\" raises the level of camp at least one big notch up from the first film.  \\"The Evil Dead\\" was scary and campy, \\"Evil Dead 2\\" is pure horror satire.<br /><br />\\"GROOVY!\\" is this particular film's standout catchphrase, and is another one forever linked with Campbell - his collaborations with Sam Raimi have resulted in such classic camp films as the first in the trilogy \\"The Evil Dead\\", then \\"Evil Dead 2\\",\\"Army Of Darkness\\" (1992), and have also spawned several video games based on the films, with Campbell lending his voice.
B0054R6BFM|5.0|I read this book in two dyas! That's how amazing it was! It really shows that everything everyone does effects someone else; sometimes good, sometimes bad. Everyone should read this book.
0783225903|3.0|\\"Brazil\\" is the second feature film by Terry Gilliam, of Monty Python fame.  If you're familiar with Gilliam's extremely off-the-wall animated sequences from his work with the Monty Python Group, and/or have seen his first feature-length film (Time Bandits, from 1981) then you might be able to imagine what sprouts from his creative consciousness in his second full-length film.<br /><br />Starring Jonathan Pryce, Robert De Niro, Katherine Helmond, Michael Palin, Bob Hoskins, Michael Palin, and Ian Holm, \\"Brazil\\" is a sci-fi fantasy and black comedy that defies clear explanation (just as you might expect from Gilliam); rife with visuals and creative lunacies that amuse, fascinate, and horrify.<br /><br />Bryce stars as Sam Lowry, a bureaucrat in a futuristic world, whose boring life changes after his lovelorn daydreams of a woman he's never met draw him unwittingly into an increasingly surreal world that, since the making of the film over 25 years ago, foreshadows a possible future for us all.
159562015X|3.0|First of all the opening story is backward.  The author uses the story of \\"Rudy\\" (the kid who had no business being on the field at Notre Dame) to illustrate the point about the folly of playing to your weaknesses. Which, of course, missed the bigger and more important point.    The real story is that his life is 10x better today because he challenged himself on the field.  That experience gave him the material to write a screenplay and led him to a completely different life.  Likewise, playing to your strengths can limit your ultimate upside in life.  Most very successful people had to be challenged to move outside their comfort zones to grow into the successes that they eventually became.    Your \\"strengths\\"  can change with time and experience.  My strengths from 10 years ago would not be my strengths today. One of my good friends couldn't do a phone bill and hated business... until he ended up starting one by happenstance. His strengths/aptitudes shifted quickly.  Strengths Finder is a good rough guide to unearth your proclivities and current strengths, but it would wrong to guide your entire life by the findings here. If you challenge yourself, you will find passions and skills you never thought you had.
B004RE29PO|4.0|\\"Aliens\\" is one of the all-time great \\"monster from outer space\\" movies, in my opinion, so I picked this Blu-ray up from Amazon recently.<br /><br />The film itself: A bit dated perhaps, but nevertheless a sci-fi horror/action masterpiece. Better than Ridley Scott's original, and I don't say that about many sequels. Beautifully shot with wonderfully dark and claustrophobic cinematography. Sigourney Weaver's performance is sublime, and you can tell she takes her craft very seriously. James Cameron's direction is taut and soaked in adrenalin. On the flip side, Bill Paxton's performance is execrable, though. He never could act, and I was glad when one of the aliens finally dragged his screaming, hysterical butt to his doom, probably just to shut him up. It's nice that there are two versions of the movie to choose from; I prefer the original theatrical version.<br /><br />Transfer quality: Average for Blu-ray, in my opinion. There's a lot of grain in many places. The graininess does add to the dark, foreboding quality of the movie, but to be honest if I had known there would be that much grain I would have just settled for the DVD version. It is possible that the decision to not \\"clean up\\" the grain was made because often that cleanup process softens the video quality, so maybe it was deliberate. I do appreciate the 1.85:1 aspect ratio - I like having the picture fill the entire screen as opposed to thick black bars at the top and bottom of the screen. Audio sounds very good through my home theater system, and is the quality I expect from Blu-ray.<br /><br />Extras - Not too many, not that I expected much in the way of extras in a rock-bottom price Blu-ray. The deleted scenes are always fun to watch, and gets you playing the \\"what if\\" game - would the movie have been better or worse if the scenes had been left in the original theatrical release? The audio commentaries are somewhat informative, but I never did care for those too much, so I only turn them on for the sake of reviewing a movie here. The isolated James Horner scores are nice to listen to, though.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie and a solid product. If your main motivation is just purchasing the movie and not worrying about a lot of extras (as it was for me), this will do you nicely. Serious fans of the franchise may well wish to invest in the [[ASIN:B001AQO3QA Alien Anthology [Blu-ray]]], which has a lot more supporting material.of reviewing a movie here. The isolated James Horner scores are nice to listen to, though.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie and a solid product. If your main motivation is just purchasing the movie and not worrying about a lot of extras (as it was for me), this will do you nicely. Serious fans of the franchise may well wish to invest in the [[ASIN:B001AQO3QA Alien Anthology [Blu-ray]]], which has a lot more supporting material.
B005KJZDW6|3.0|I just listened to my 3rd copy of the album. The noise during the first track is still there, but not as bad as my first copy. The remainder of the album is relatively noise-free. The center hole is centered fairly well now. The record doesn't have any sharp edges. The label isn't ripped. There is no hop to the record as with my 2nd copy. I'm keeping it. Had to convince Amazon to send me a 3rd copy. I guess 2 tries is the max now before they automatically issue a refund. If I don't want to hear the noise during the first track, I'll listen to the MP3 copy that is included. Maybe poor vinyl quality is why they give vinyl buyers an MP3 copy.  Below is my original review:  I have read 2 or 3 other reviews mentioning the vinyl format of this album. None have commented on the sound quality. The sound quality of the recording is average. The sound quality of the pressing below average. I am on my second copy of this vinyl and surface noise is present. Much more so on the first copy (especially on the first track) than the second, the first copy having so much surface noise on the first track that it became unlistenable. The second copy is quiet enough to keep it. On albums like this, I don't expect dead-quiet backgrounds, but when the noise becomes so great that I am compelled to stop the record, I have to draw the line.  However, the physical quality of the pressing makes me want to try one more copy to see if I can get a better physical copy to go with acceptable sound. The first copy looked pretty good, but did have some surface scratches. It had quite a bit of surface noise. The edge of the record was smooth, but the label looked like some of the label was torn off by the press when it was removed. The second copy looked cleaner, but the edges were rough and a bit jagged and the label had random ink spots on it. Both copies had center holes that were very off-center. I would estimate that my needle (on a 9\\" arm) moves side to side about 1/8\\" in either direction when playing this record. Fairly disconcerting. The second copy also had a small hop towards the outer edge when playing, but the needle tracked fine.  The vinyl is cool red, and it comes with a little Xmas card (nice touches). But the vinyl is very thin.  I don't expect the world when it comes to fun albums like this. But, I do expect a certain standard of pressing quality. I also expect no surface noise where a novice would listen to this vinyl and think, \\"That noise is awful. Why would anyone want to listen to the vinyl over the digital copy?\\" If all records were pressed like this, less people would be turned on to vinyl. 3 stars for physical quality.  Christmas music is just that. It's nice to hear different interpretations to keep it fresh every year. As for quality of the music, I'll keep it at 3 stars for now, but if during future holidays I keep returning to this album, I might raise that to 4 stars.  I cleaned this record (both copies) on a VPI HW-16.5 record cleaner with L'art du Son cleaning fluid. I played it back on a VPI Scout turntable with a Denon 103 cartridge.
B005HS00V4|5.0|(Portuguese) Eu tive a oportunidade de ver ao vivo em Paul&iacute;nia (Brasil) no festival SWU esse verdadeiro espet&aacute;culo do gnio Peter Gabriel - indescrit&iacute;vel a experincia!!!
B0052GACNM|3.0|I love Tony Bennett was much as everyone else, but here's the thing: with all the great songs out there, why remake the SAME ones you did in a PREVIOUS album?  I have NO IDEA why Mr. Bennett did this, and frankly, I felt that it was insulting to the artists who sang those songs with him on Duets I.  It's almost as if Mr. Bennett didn't think those cuts were good enough, so he's choosing to redo them on a later album.  I'm sure that wasn't his intention, but it certainly could be interpreted as such.<br /><br />This just wasn't as sensational as the first (Duets) CD.  And I love Tony Bennett.  I was really disappointed.  But having said that, it's not the worst CD I own either.  I regret not waiting to buy this CD used.
B004SBQGHS|4.0|tt ggcv gttggt  g gggggt ttt 5v5 5  tgy ggc v  tt ttg t g5gg  ttt55  vt-  tg v @
B003IWZ1D8|5.0|This is a classic movie, barnone.  There are too many cultural references paying homage to this film for anyone not to recognize that. Even today, it is still my favorite suspense/horror film.  Those other movies cannot compare, and I'm only in my early 30s.<br /><br />Buying this blueray has a lot of bonuses - just the \\"Making Psycho\\" documentary (one of MANY documentaries on this disc) is so worth it.<br /><br />The only complaint I have for this item is that there are no subtitles.  I was SHOCKED to see that nothing was made available!!!  Thankfully, the actors enunciated so well that you really don't need it.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I picked up this based mainly on ratings. They are well justified. Quell is a beautiful game. Challenging puzzles set in a smooth, well laid out setting and all for a buck?
B005BDZN62|2.0|There is no denying this fact: West Side Story is arguably one of the best musicals ever made into a movie.  Many people would argue it's THE best musical-turned-movie, but that's a matter of personal opinion.  For the movie, it gets 7 stars on a 5 stars scale, so that's not why I'm writing this review.<br /><br />I'm writing the review for the SHAME that is this blueray disc. Please understand I also bought the DVD collector's edition.<br /><br />The DVD set that came out about 10 years ago was incredible. It had a great book that came with, all these special features, etc.  I was hoping that the Blue Ray disc will have that AND more.<br /><br />The blue ray disc does NOT contain any of the DVD features, and it has a couple of lousy documentaries.  Boo hoo!!!!  There is something worthwhile, I will say, about the blue ray disc - Steven Sondheim gave a LOT of commentaries about each musical number.  That is where this disc got the two stars I'm giving it, or else the DVD collection should have covered it.<br /><br />Also, if you have a solid TV and a decent blueray disc player, you won't notice that much of a difference between the DVD and the blueray playback.<br /><br />I'm not sorry I bought the DVD (gotta love my Sondheim) but I literally bought this over the summer, and it JUST came out (November).  I felt the wait has raised my expectations, when really I should have just been relatively patient for what this disc had in store for me.
6305064490|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite movies, it brings back memories every time i watch it. great film
B004AKCME8|5.0|SO me and the girlfriend sat down and she pulled this movie out. \\"NO, I am not watching that\\" and low and behold I lost the verbal debate as to what we are watching, cause she insisted I would like it, and boy did I ever. The graphics were flipping intense, the story line, the voice actors, the action just kept me enticed and the fact that I (20 years old) Loved this movie so much that I went out and bought for myself the next day. I only have great things to say about it
B004LUS390|1.0|This was Kindle's free app of the day. All I get after opening screen is the error force close message. I'm glad I didn't pay a dime for it.
B002BWP49C|5.0|Love the movie it was awesome. They did cut a lot out of it, but a awesome movie. Can't wait to see the next one.
B003YBUSMW|1.0|Purchased this at best buy, used it for about 2 hours, and promptly returned it. The wheel has weird angle to the base. Granted it does have a nice lap mount. The centering spring is very weak, takes about 2 sec for it to center. It also has a flat spot for the center, so you have to roll it over a hump in each direction. For the cost its not worth the pain.
B005LAIGFA|2.0|Fine performances. Some telling moments. Mostly, though, a disappointing example of muddled storytelling from a director who almost always gets it dead-on. Guess he's only human after all.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|[[ASIN:B001UV4XJ2 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2 (Three-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + UltraViolet Digital Copy)]]  10 Years ago in 2001, I saw the first Harry Potter movie in theaters and was introduced to the magic and spirit of the magical world of Harry Potter. Now, today in 2011, I have the final Harry Potter film, thus completing a timeless saga with heart and wonderful memories.   This movie is FANTASTIC. Don't compare it to the book. This stands alone as a great movie and adaptation of J.K. Rowling's novel and serves as an explosive, thrilling, emotional end to the film series after a decade of great memorable moments and movie theater trips  with friends and family.   The acting has definitely improved over the last 10 years, especially with our main trio, featuring Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson. The supporting cast, such as Matthew Lewis as Neville and Alan Rickman as the tragic hero Severus Snape, has certainly improved as well and become more prominent and important to the movies  and developed story arc. Everybody gives their best towards the end of this fine journey, which is driven and carried with emotional scenes plus a great moving soundtrack by Alexandre Desplat.  Overall, this is truly one of the best movies of the 21st century, and ends a decade of traditions and adventure for millions of people. Even so, as the movies and books have all been released, we can relive the adventures of Harry Potter and never forget all the mischief managed.  Oh, and by the way, the Bluray/DVD combo pack is GREAT. I don't care if the Ultraviolet doesn't completely satisfy, it's the actual movie that matters (you can contact Flixster and redeem for an iTunes digital download anyway...). There shouldn't be a reason for such low ratings just because of the Ultraviolet copy. The Bluray picture and sound quality is EXCELLENT and beautiful. Just purchase this film and you'll see what I mean.
B004SGWYW4|4.0|I will say the story here is your typical Zombie story,  Also it dose have \\"Fan Service\\" and the humor is bleak but fun. Other then that this is very fun to watch over and over and over again I enjoyed the entire series.  Like most Anime's it is based on Manga but don't let that stop ya from watching this very fun and entertaining ZOMBIE series.  Note it is not for children due to \\"Fan Service\\" Violance and gore.
B004SUWR2C|1.0|i own this game, had it on my device prior to a much needed wipe and reload and now i can't installed it back because they made it \\"hd\\" amazon says i still own the game but now its useless? is this the way apps bought from amazon are going to be?
B004EPYZTE|4.0|first thing I will say is that this movie is almost 100% diffrent then the movie by the same name made in 1982. However I think it was cast totaly better. The acting is not the best but I think it all fits the movie.  Alot of people compare this movie to the 1982 movie but don't b/c the 1982 movie was worse IMO it was long (Far to long) not enough action and the story got rather confusing b/c it was so long.  Then alot of people wanna compare this movie to howards book and again Don't b/c Books and movies are two diffrent worlds don't ever compare b/c what some people see  in a book and what others wanna put in a movie are always two diffrent things.  This movie it's self is a action flick with lots of blood lots of violance and yep as in the conan books there is nudity so I would never recomend this for children it dose earn its R rating.  If your looking for a good Action flick and a good fantasy movie pick this one up You wont be disapointed.
B004XJHBCE|1.0|I just got my.kindle fire and bought this app, not.knowing it.did not have widgets if you could update this for kindle fire I.will change.to 5 star
B005NS0VNU|1.0|Any song from after the Monster album is non-essential and should not be on this CD. They died after Bill Berry left the band!!!!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I'm so happy that the Kindle Fire version of you version takes full advantage of the larger Kindle screen size.  It displays slightly more than twice the Bible text than what is displayed on my Droid X (4.3 inch display).  Unlike the iPad version which actually displays slightly less than the Kindle fire.
B00003CXA6|5.0|\\"General Lee, I have no division.\\"<br /><br />I'm a bit of a Civil War buff (don't have my own uniforms), but know enough to be dangerous.<br /><br />Gettysburg is a really good movie.  It may or may not be perfect history, but it's primarily entertainment.  And it's really good at that.<br /><br />Tom Berenger is wonderful as Longstreet.  Jeff Daniels - this is probably my favorite performance of his ever.  Sam Elliott devours ever scene he is in.  Martin Sheen as Lee is interesting.  I don't like the casting, but I love his acting in the role.<br /><br />The battle scenes are first rate.  My real only complaint is on the beards.  Some of them are just atrocious.<br /><br />The old Battle of Gettysburg special feature is cute, voiced by Leslie Nielsen.  The Making of Gettysburg is a nice look at the making of the movie.  Watch Martin Sheen fight against his Virginia accent, then just give in and stay in character the whole time.  I didn't know Ted Turner was in the movie, but if I had financed it, I would have played dress up also.  The making of documentary is also great for the respect shown to the battlefield.<br /><br />This is an easy movie for me to recommend.
B005QI4TTY|5.0|does anyone know if this actually comes with the 2 bonus songs ? because i bought the deluxe version and i only got 17 songs ...:(
B004RJMUJO|5.0|i have bought this game for multiple platforms and its still just as fun and addictive. Love this game for the whole family!
B0058VW36U|5.0|so this game is pretty gawd dam Awsome..........except for one lil tiny winy lil thing......How in the living F*** do I change what I want to feed him? really,I want to feed him donuts or cupcakes but when I press the candy at the main menu,nothing happens.Apart from that,its BEAST........
B006470HZ6|5.0|Great show.  Keep doing what you're doing.  The ADD generation XBox probably won't get it, but the rest of us will.  They can go watch Transformers again.
B005JZBP8W|2.0|\\"My Fair Lady,\\" one of the most glorious films ever made, has been shockingly thrown away on BluRay in a transfer that looks like you're watching a three-hour dream sequence, for the sides of picture are a dull, foggy mess, while the center is sharp and colorful.  It's definitely not in the same league as \\"Ben-Hur\\", \\"The Sound of Music\\" and \\"The Ten Commandments\\" important blockbuster roadshow films of the mid-century which got releases worthy of their stature.  But \\"My Fair Lady\\", in 1964 the most eagerly awaited film since \\"Gone With the Wind\\", and the winner of numerous Oscars, including Best Picture, has been dismissed in a mediocre single-disc transfer which does not do justice to the BluRay format.  Send a message to CBS and demand that the crown jewel in their library get a proper deluxe release.
0800125789|5.0|great
B004FOA84A|4.0|This game works great on my kindle Fire.  I love hidden object games, but right now there doesn't seem to be very many offered for android devices.  I am looking forward to more and better hidden object game choices in the near future!!!! This one is a good start, worth .99!
B002Z7FWBI|5.0|great
B003MC5N28|4.0|Okay, throught out this whole book I was completely struck with the concepts and ideas this book continually threw at me.  I loved every single thing about the book.  It is truly a fantastic read, and I would definately reccommend it!  However, when I reached the end, I felt unsatisfied.  Now, I have no problem with books that have sad endings, but this left so many of my questions unanswered, and all my hopes crushed.  Aside from that minor set back to this riveting novel, it is amazing.
0553382179|4.0|The book was fine, but I like Marla's daily inspirations and motivations better. A quick easy read. Not much in the book that isn't already on the site.
B000148KK2|5.0|As a recent discoverer of Diana Krall, I am amazed by her talent.  On this album, her piano work (in addition to her fine vocals, of course) is on a par with today's BEST jazz-oriented pianists.  If there is a bad track on this album, I haven't found it yet, and I've listened several times.
0446573019|3.0|I love his books and have read everyone of them.  This one was boring for me.  I didn't feel the chemistry of the two main characters like I did his other stories and heroes.  Almost carbon copies for me, like when James Patterson writes so many one after another, it gets boring, different characters, almost same plot.  Not Baldacci's best IMO.  I will continue to read his books.  The reviews threw me off on this one, they were 95% great, sorry to be negative, didn't care for book.
B00076OMW4|5.0|Sound and performance are both 5 Stars.<br /><br />Do NOT believe the 1 bad review here this is one of the best all-time Classical SACD's you will ever hear.<br /><br />If you have a nice system this SACD with it's incredible dynamics is pure demonstration quality!  Viva RCA Living Stereo!<br /><br />Too bad that since 2009 Sony has destroyed the old RCA Living Stereo Brand, lucky for use this was issued several years prior.
B00601J5CC|4.0|Jessica Lange just sets the bar throughout this whole series. So delightfully malicious, like the Evil Queen's spiteful step-sister. The whole cast is good, don't get me wrong, but seriously, every scene Constance has is dead on. The whole Pretty Girl sequence here is stellar.  I kinda like that the ghosts hanging around have independence of a sort. Seems like they're anchored to the house and occasionally have orders or at least a compulsion they can't deviate from but outside of that they're free to enforce their own mischief. I've seen Halloween Part 2 and it's good, but Part 1 is better. I think they just wanted an excuse to carry the Halloween theme over two episodes.  The mad doctor flashbacks as Tate tells the abortions story were creepy as all hell, too. Just that little flash of paw sewn to tiny forearm was enough to make me pause and rewatch. Same with the sudden view of the latex man during Vivien's little rage attack. Very well placed, well timed, and all around well done episode. Zachary Quinto and partner were an excellent choice as the \\"fluffers.\\"  I was wondering as I watched, does the house pick people it wants to enslave and then have them killed, or does it too have a compulsion? Mainly in regards to Constance desperately trying to get to the lawn in time. (And I like that I have thoughtful questions about a show currently on because it so rarely happens.)
B005KDWUFA|5.0|I can't get the songs out of my head!! I love them!! Each song stands on its own. To have them all on one CD is a special gift!! I have always loved \\"Time to say good-bye\\"; but then \\"Wicked Game\\" and \\"Crying\\" and \\"----Argentina\\"; followed by the rest of the songs,wow, it is a real pleasure to listen to them and enjoy. I just put in the CD and enjoy the surround sound of the orchestra and the voices. So pleasurable!!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I have this program on my computers my ipod and my Kindle Fire. I like being able to access notes and info no matter where I am. This is a very handy program.
B002SAUCBC|3.0|The setting is all American, New England with cheering spectators and hormone heavy competitors.  The scene looks normal yet the game is a suicide ride with a winner takes all and losers are shot.  Instead of a background of desperation or self-destructive depression, the boys carry on with conersations of everyday life.  Their coversations gradually merge with similar vulger wit (smart kids talking dirty) that seems far from character of willing participants locked in an irrational game.  Parental intervention is mysteriously passive as the kids are dropped off to their likely deaths like a scene of suburban summercamp.  This is clearly the product of a young writer who casually suspends disbelief perhaps morbidly thinking that assisted suicide for teenagers would serve as a simple convenience.
B004CHURRS|5.0|Giulio Cesare in Egitto (Julius Caesar in Egypt, HWV 17), commonly known simply as Giulio Cesare, is an Italian opera in three acts written for the Royal Academy of Music by George Frideric Handel in 1724. The libretto was written by Nicola Francesco Haym who used earlier libretto by Giacomo Francesco Bussani set in music by Antonio Sartorio (1676).  The opera has gained considerable stage presence in the past few decades, primarily due to the popularity of Beverly Sills in her heyday at the New York City Opera who brought this wonderful opera to the attention of the general public as a work of great musical beauty but also one of fine dramatic impact.<br /><br />That French conductor and harpsichordist Emmanuelle Ham is at the helm for this recording of all of Cleopatra's arias and duets from this opera guarantees that the recording will be successful.  She has become on of the most important conductors of Baroque music, a position recently supported by her brilliant debut with the Los Angeles Philharmonic in an all Handel evening.  She gives this score the lilt and the underscoring drama that it needs to convince the listener.  Natalie Dessay is a long time collaborator with  Emmanuelle Ham and the experience with each other shows here.  Dessay is one of the most appealing and poetic and vocally gifted singers of the Baroque and beyond.  She seems as though on stage she would be the perfect Cleopatra.  Here she delivers her assignments with complete ease - at times too complete ease in that the inherent drama in her arias tends to a bit hampered with the same sound production; the various temperaments of the infamous Cleopatra meld instead of standing as individual moments.  But in all the recording is a rewarding experience and should Dessay and Ham perform this opera on stage the physical presence and innate drama of both of these great artists  would likely be brilliant.<br /><br />We can hope that Emmanuelle Ham and her ensemble Le Concert d'Astr&eacute;e will elect to record other of Handel's operas with the new young and immensely gifted Bulgarian soprano Sonya Yoncheva.  THAT would be an experience that would be dazzling!  Grady Harp, November 11ther of Handel's operas with the new young and immensely gifted Bulgarian soprano Sonya Yoncheva.  THAT would be an experience that would be dazzling!  Grady Harp, November 11
0553801473|1.0|I would like to preface this review but stating that I am a huge GRRM fan. A Song of Ice and Fire is one of my favorite reads. That was until this book. I have just now finished the 959 page torment. I bought this book the day it was released and I have now only just finished reading this 4 months later.<br /><br />I will agree with the other reviewers that this book was way to long and said absolutely nothing. What has George done with my Starks? I fell in love with this family, he made me fall in love with this family and now what? NOTHING, that's right NOTHING. I loved the whole direwolf connection and I am still waiting for Arya to come home and kick some A$$. But no, she is still in a temple doing NOTHING. What has happened to the strong women in this story. In this book Dany was weak and whiney and love sick. There were chapters upon chapters of nothingness.<br /><br />I will most likely buy and read the next book when it comes out 5 years from now because I feel like I have invested time from my life I will never get back.<br /><br />Dear George,<br /> I need some resolution. I have stuck by you for a very long time now and feel like as with most men you finished the best part way to early. Please don't write another 959 page book about boats and urinating and what people are wearing and dragons who don't do anything. I don't know if I could take that. I will conclude this rant buy saying there are way to many new characters in this story that no one cares about. They do NOTHING but fill paper. Please George get back to the \\"meat\\" of your world. Stop taking us places no one wants to go. You need to reread the first three books again and rekindle your love of these characters that we, your readers, have come to care about. Also, FIRE your editor.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I finished this book this morning and wish that I had it to read for the first time again. From the moment that Prospero cursed his daughter Celia with the challenge, I was hooked on this story.   I admit that the jumps around in time were sometimes frustrating when I longed to know what would happen next, but overall, I think they added to the tale. I commend Morgenstern on being able to align the different chapters so expertly. I can't imagine being faced with all of the scenes in this story and trying to place them in an order that is nonlinear and yet intriguing.   Morgenstern creates the magic of the circus by giving out just enough details to entice, but not enough to remove the enchantment. The different tents were otherworldly, yet seemingly possible, and in this world entirely probable.   In response to a few of the one-star reviews that criticized the diction and syntax, while I agree there are some sentences and paragraphs in here that could have been better, I disagree that fixing each and every word and sentence in a 400 page book is an easy task. Besides that, there are places when language can be straightforward, unflashy, and plain. If every word and every sentence is special, the result is poetry. And poetry is purposely not 400 pages because no reader would read such a thing (The Odyssey and Shakespeare notwithstanding).   And I do agree that the challenge between Celia and Marco could have been more well defined. By the end of the novel, I'm still not entirely certain how they were competing against each other and what the end of the challenge should have looked like if they had seen it through. Yet I forgive the holes because I think the book is, for lack of a better word, MAGICAL.
B00005J6UP|3.0|This DVD came very quickly, and my boyfriend was very excited about it as he is from the Oregon coast and has a big place in his heart for this movie. We watched it the same night we got it, DVD played great. No scratches, skipping or anything. I was a bit disappointed by the case though. The product desription said it was used, but just like new. But the middle plastic part of the case that holds the DVD in place was missing some of it's teeth, so it won't even hold the DVD. I luckily had another unused case which we lost the DVD to so I am using that one instead. But great movie!
B004K4AUZW|5.0|This CD is excellent and I'm very happy I purchased the Special Edition. The added tracks are fun. If you like Lady Gaga you're going to love this CD.
B000EAT246|4.0|\\" OK, take down generic script number 4,387, allow three or four days for editing, then we will start shooting.\\" Another  way to put it is, \\" OK, we've spent nine months getting the stunts right, now we can finish up with two weeks shooting the rest of the stuff\\". After a quarter century, still a good action-er, but not much on story-line or character development. Of course, the techno-thrillers today are much advanced in technique, but helicopters in combat, among city buildings, is still pretty good. Roy Scheider handles what he has to work with professionally, Daniel Stern, does the same, in a role that Ukulele Ike, or one of the other comedy side-kicks of the past, usually played, and most of the supporting cast play their stereotyped characters in suitably wooden fashion. Warren Oates does stand out among them, in a part with some scraps of meat still on its bones.   All in all, still entertaining as a stunt picture which has little more to offer.
B002BU0DPE|2.0|When they were working I liked these headphones but then I started having problems. First I had to pull the stereo jack out of the DSS unit a few millimeters in order for the audio to sound correct. Then a few weeks later the audio stopped working all together and I had to wiggle one of the wires in order for it to produce any sound. I guess some of the wires broke or something. I took good care of them and never threw them on the ground, always placed them on a shelf so I'm disappointed that I had these problems. I'm now out of pocket an additional $21 and change to pay to ship them back to Turtle Beach for warranty repair.
B005R32L66|5.0|it would not take a 9 character password during account creation. oh well.  maybe its my phone? using a  Motorola ATRIX.
1419702238|1.0|This review is actually written by her 13 year old son. Ugh. I think that Kinney has milked the series a little bit too much. Don't get me wrong, I love his books, but I think he's hit his wall.
0062112430|5.0|***********************SPOILERS************************  Wow. Just Wow!I read the description of this book and thought was just going to be another teen love story. But, I kept seeing great reviews so I went out and bought it at Wal-Mart at like 2AM. I had that book done the next day. It was beautiful and heartbreaking. It was more than a teen love story. It was about a girl who found out everything she was lead to believe was a lie. The people meant to keep her safe lied to her. I really connected to her. I felt her heartbreak as she was finding out that love isn't a disease at all. To lose Alex was gut-wrenching. Could you imagine being in her shoes as they were running away and he gets shot and she had to keep running so his death wouldn't be for nothing? That broke my little heart. I am dying for book two. I hope Alex comes back. I hope she finds her mother. March is so far away!
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Awesome movie by all means, But the UltraViolet NOT WORTH IT, they have made all the other Harry Potter movies with the digital Download via iTunes or windows alternative.
031617615X|4.0|*********************Spoilers**************************  Okay, there a lot of things I don't agree with in this series but overall I loved it.   I think my favorite part of the book is when Bella finds out she's pregnant. She says that she never wanted a child until she felt \\"her little nudger\\" she realized it could be her only chance. I loved how she took control and would not let Edward take her baby out of her. I think she hated him at that time.   I also loved the change of POV. I liked reading Jacob. He kind of reminded me of my angst ridden brother. Haha. I loved the nasty birth scene too. I cannot wait for the movie version.  I didn't like that Jacob imprinted with the baby. It was gag worthy.(sorry I can't spell the baby name)I hated the ending. I was hoping for an epic battle! But, sometimes things need to end softly.   Overall it was an amazing book. I hope (sometime after the Twilight craze is over) Meyer will release a book about the baby whose name cannot spell and Jake and that boy at the end. That would be interesting.
0199601860|5.0|A NEW, ENTIRELY REVISED SECOND EDITION<br /><br />An appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />It's reasonable to hazard a guess that, in the last twenty years, electronic communications has been the fastest growing sector of the economy, not only with respect to usage, but to the rapidity and ingenuity of innovations and developments within the sector that have had a profound and lasting effect on business and personal life worldwide.<br /><br />Electronic communications laws, likewise, have not only kept pace, but in the opinion of the authors -- Paul Nihoul and Peter Rodford -- have themselves acted as a catalyst to further growth and development of electronic communications products and services.  `The rapid development of this (electronic communications) sector,' they say, `has been made possible within the EU by the adoption of a clear and stable regulatory framework...the result of a process that has lasted twenty years.'<br /><br />The concept that changes in the law have in turn accelerated the development of electronic media, in Europe, is startling to contemplate. We have, perhaps, got so used to seeing one innovation after another emerge on the market that it has not occurred to most of us that these developments stem not merely from scientific, technical and entrepreneurial endeavour, but from legal initiatives as well.<br /><br />This authoritative and learned book from the Oxford University Press reflects and elucidates the many and profound changes that have taken place in the law governing electronic communications in the last seven  years since the publication of its first edition in 2004.<br /><br />Since then, everything from social networks and search engines to smart phones have so revolutionized electronic communications that few people use the term `electronic communications' any more - except in a legal context, through necessity, because after all, it's an all-encompassing term that covers absolutely everything to do with electronic transmission of information and data.<br /><br />As communications have therefore rapidly gone global, the book is nonetheless compiled and written from a Euro-centric viewpoint and for good reason. It emphasizes for the most part, that the rules established at European level have also been applied at the national level in Europe, for instance, within individual EU member states and that such rules are progressively being globalised in the process of worldwide harmonization of such rules across the countries of the world.<br /><br />According to the authors, these common rules `will be based to a significant extent on those applicable in the European Union and in the United States' -- elaborating that `a global convergence towards the European and American models is likely to occur as a result of the political and economic influence they exert.'<br /><br />Time and events may shift this position slightly, but at the moment, few would disagree with it.  As a consequence, anyone -- practitioners, academics, students, and many others -- will find this book indispensable not only as an authoritative work of reference, but as a readable and accessible aid to understanding the new regulatory framework that has resulted from the complete revision of the rules regarding mobile networks and services.<br /><br />The book also opens up any number of new avenues of inquiry.  For example, the table of cases includes General Court (CFI)...Court of Justice...and the European Commission.  The table of instruments covers treaties and conventions, regulations, directives, recommendations and supplementary instruments.  If you're a practitioner involved in any way in European law, you'll regard this book as a vital addition to your business's law library.on of information and data.  As communications have therefore rapidly gone global, the book is nonetheless compiled and written from a Euro-centric viewpoint and for good reason. It emphasizes for the most part, that the rules established at European level have also been applied at the national level in Europe, for instance, within individual EU member states and that such rules are progressively being globalised in the process of worldwide harmonization of such rules across the countries of the world.    According to the authors, these common rules `will be based to a significant extent on those applicable in the European Union and in the United States' -- elaborating that `a global convergence towards the European and American models is likely to occur as a result of the political and economic influence they exert.'    Time and events may shift this position slightly, but at the moment, few would disagree with it.  As a consequence, anyone -- practitioners, academics, students, and many others -- will find this book indispensable not only as an authoritative work of reference, but as a readable and accessible aid to understanding the new regulatory framework that has resulted from the complete revision of the rules regarding mobile networks and services.  The book also opens up any number of new avenues of inquiry.  For example, the table of cases includes General Court (CFI)...Court of Justice...and the European Commission.  The table of instruments covers treaties and conventions, regulations, directives, recommendations and supplementary instruments.  If you're a practitioner involved in any way in European law, you'll regard this book as a vital addition to your business's law library.
0142501123|5.0|We tried this book out this year at Halloween and were not disappointed at all! It is one of our new favorites in fact. We were delighted with it from its very first reading...and then every day after that (because, yes, my girls kept bringing it to me every day after that).
B005EI86JU|4.0|Early in the book, the author describes the \\"Colors and Wording Legend\\"  The book, including the sample paragraph explaining the legend, is not as described.  It's still going to be a good resource.  Maybe those who prepare the books for the Kindle can fix this.
B0053TMP24|5.0|I love the fact that they are building up to something bigger.  It makes you want more, which is good, and bad - good because its a great book, and bad because we have to wait a whole year for the next installment. (I mean, really??) I'm glad Mr. Riordan is taking his time with developing the characters, and giving everyone actual substance.  I only wish that the first PJ movie would have held truer to the books, so they could make more!  Mr. Riordan, keep the books coming please!! :-)
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote seamlessly takes every random thought I record on my phone or tablet and saves them so when I am at my Mac Pro getting down to business they are instantly available for recall. To me and just about every other mobile professional I know, Evernote is one of the top 5 apps relied on. it has never failed me.
B005DOL0R0|5.0|Electronics cases are a weird industry; most of them are relatively basic pieces of foam, neoprene or various plastics and cost a lot compared to what they are. Electronic device cases are kind of a necessary 'evil' in some ways.<br /><br />That said I'm still pleased with this case. Yes, it was thirty bucks but I do appreciate that it's a classy looking thing. I have the charcoal version, with the honey 'leather' strap and it's very tweed-like. Yeah, it smelled a bit when I first unwrapped it but that smell is gone 3-days later (I've had laptop bags that were waaaay worse. Like stinking up my entire apartment ...)<br /><br />The protection is adequate and I like how it zips only 1/2 of the way open (an \\"L-shaded\\" zipper) which makes it difficult for the Fire to slip out of the bottom as you unzip it. It's also nice and snug so the overall package is not too bulky.<br /><br />All in all, I'm pleased that this bag is a nice presentation. Usually I don't care about this stuff as I just want protection when I throw my electronics in my backpack. But this case merits being left on my desk for all to see ...<br /><br />PS: Many people seem not to know about AmazonBasics. I'd advise doing a search here on Amazon for that term and you'll see all of Amazon's house-brand cables, cases, CD-r and so forth. This is relevant as they make several generic neoprene cases for all sorts of electronics. Often time you can avoid the major brand names if you just want a simple case, even one that might be an inch too big, as you transport your devices to and from work or school. AmazonBasics have always been super good bargains, in general. Just a random example; not saying this is proper for a Fire necessarily but to give you an idea of what I'm talking about: B002VPE1Q6
B0058EBNAO|4.0|the app even worked while I was in Beijing but does not always show up on the display.  it seems to have a mind of it's own sometimes.
B000TGJ8CQ|2.0|We can't see the future, and we can't change it. This movie has action and special effects, as well as the usual \\"quick, get in the sack\\" approach to romance...that was disappointing. Typical stuff from Hollywood. The storyline is okay--definitely science fiction fantasy. Some people might find the ending a bit odd, but that makes the movie a bit different than the rest. When you near that part of the movie, you'll probably think there is at least 30 minutes left, but then it ends abruptly.<br /><br />Another problem with the story is that Chris makes it clear in the beginning of the movie that he always uses his \\"powers\\" covertly and discretely.  But somehow the FBI knows about him, and the bad guys know about him too.  That just didn't make sense at all.<br /><br />Thankfully, we are not in control in this life, even though many people believe otherwise. We are the creatures, not the Creator. \\"Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father. But the very hairs of your head are all numbered.\\" (Matthew 10:29-30)  Thankfully, God's will is done in earth as it is in heaven.<br /><br />Visit my Amazon wish lists to see my 4-star and 5-star DVDs:<br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/2CNNZ3CSQQJEK/<br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/2Q448LUUQ70GI/
B004SDSSFY|5.0|I've used this app for years, first with my Sony Cli&egrave; (Palm), then my Dell (WM), and now my HTC Incredible (Android 2.3.4). I've taken seminar and meeting notes, edited spreadsheets, viewed presentations, and it has never let me down!
B00008977N|5.0|My fiance bought me this DVD because I wore out my video.  What more needs to be said?  There's no better artist than this legend!!!
B003O86FMW|5.0|i started reading hunger games in my classroom at school and once i finished it i fell in love with these book once i started reading catching fire it was really hard to put it down with the right amount of drama and action i recommend this book its got romance vilence and action this book was great and i look forward to read the thrid one
B0010SEMP0|5.0|Great read... Fun ride through another one of Cat and Bones' escapades with a bedroom scene that will leave you squirming!  Jeaniene Frost does it again with this one and at the end of the book the only thing you want is more!  Bones is as sexy as ever and Cat has developed into a strong force to be reckoned with.  I just can't seem to get enough of those two!
B004HO6I2E|1.0|Guys flick for guys who never outlived the longing to relive their sophomore year in high school.  I bet you can't guess what all the jokes/humor were focused upon.   OK, I'll tell you! Potty humor like a baby's diarrhea squirting you in the face; crude scenes like peeing in public; lots of genital anatomy humor; lots of f... word; lots of sexual dissatisfaction with might have been and compensating about fantasizing about what's around them; lots of promoting the American way in the pursuit of material wealth contrasted with lots of desire to live like you're in a frat house forever; lots of drinking.  I will concede that there were a few creative funnies and the actors performed their roles quite well; almost, suspiciously, too well.   I didn't understand why some unknown statue would, after centuries, be granting wishes. Also weird was no explanation for the rolling city buildings' blackouts. Did the statue selectively burrow electricity, one building at a time? Must have been some director picking a special effect out of a hat for no reason.
B0063IH60K|5.0|They make the best solitaire games that look really clean. I loved this game on the ipod and love them on the kindle. I like the option that only gives you games that can be won.
030788743X|3.0|A good book that could have been so much more, but it wasn't.   For the first third, it seemed like it was an allegory on the role of faith in the face of the human condition, but it decided not to be. It was poised to make statements on the role of government in society, but wouldn't. It seemed for a while like it was exploring the definition of reality and trying to test if that definition held in light of the technological advancements of the theoretical future, but it wasn't. It almost made interesting statements on privacy and the its role and consequences in the information era, but then didn't. It almost explored what the value of life and intelligence would be in a world where such things can be created digitally, but stopped just barely short. I read the whole book trying to find the message the author was trying to convey, but came to the conclusion that the message was simply, \\"I like the eighties, and you should too.\\"   I started reading it because I heard it was a fun romp through eighties pop culture told in the context of a massively multi-player cyber-punk digital world. When I started reading, I got the exciting feeling that I was in for so much more. But no, I wasn't. It delivered fully on its promise: A well written, engaging read full of pop-culture references. It is a vicarious power fantasy, in which ones knowledge of obscure geekdom from the eighties translates directly into wealth, fame, and power. It is written with a bit of a self insert of a protagonist, and a female love interest any nerdy boy would fall for. In the end, it is spectacularly fun despite the occasional plot hole, but it says nothing of long-term value. If you're into this sort of thing, it's a good use of time, but not spectacular by any means.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love how clean the game looks and all of the options in the number of suit, undos, the ability to tap the screen and have the cards move for you, and more. The options let me play the game how I want to play. Looks awesome on the kindle fire.
0749336072|5.0|This is a great book!  The Pumpkin Patch was the bookseller and they were prompt and friendly!  I would recommend The Pumpkin Patch and Of Mice and Men to everyone!
B002UPA4ZY|5.0|The best christmas album ever the music his voice, and Foster all together makes this recor a must to buy
B0010V4TZU|2.0|This band is a little to bouncy and tropical.  If you think Jimmy Buffet is to old but like that type of music you might like this.
B004LUS390|5.0|Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. This drawing app is just as addictive as a fun game. Lots of pen options and multi layered background capabilities. Wish the undo had more undos, but the dev had to take into account the amount of ram phones have. For the money this is a great buy.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|Excellent except it still needs  better list handling and more tablet/phone capability for this User, padding the word count of this review to meet the required minimum
B005LAIGFA|4.0|I really love Clint Eastwood directed movies.  This like all his others is masterfully done with a great score.  The story of J Edgar Hoover is filled with top notch actors, but with a script that is a little weak.  The movie touches a little on everything, the cross dressing, the homosexuality, the rise to power, the change into a really monstrous man with too much power.  The problem is that it does not focus enough on any of them to make this a true five star movie.  The film shifts back and forth from an old J Edgar(with bad make up on Leo) to various points in his younger life.  I never felt fully committed to the story like I should have.  This is by no means a bad movie, it is just not a perfect one.
B005J0VPNC|5.0|Paper camera is an Instagram like app that has niche filters. The filters work really well with the camera. The app allows users to apply filters on images in their device's gallery.
B005I6EU48|4.0|The leather looks like a genuine antique book and the elastic straps are tight and hold the fire into place. The only major problem I see with this product is that there is no strap to keep the case closed. Sometimes when it is sitting on the table the cover won't close. Other than that it seems to work well.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|I use it now and then to remind me to get something at store, or to wright down anything I need to do.  I'll try to do more with it as I get to know the app.
B004SYP5WC|5.0|can't figure out how to a password to the app otherwise I would rate higher. Great ofherwise. Easy to put information in.
0439023513|5.0|I tore through the first two books in the trilogy and enjoyed the heck out of them, but neither of them prepared me for this third book which, in my opinion, outshines the other two. I commend Suzanne Collins for daring to have a realistic take on how what happens in the book would really affect real people. I love that people change through the course of the book, but not so much that we can't see how they got there from their original characters. I love that people have to make difficult choices, and that the right way to go forward and how to interpret the information Katniss gets is not so clear-cut as the first two books. The book is complex and true and riveting, and I guess maybe hard for some people to digest, but maybe that's what makes it better than its predecessors.  And for what it's worth, I thought the ending was a happy one for Katniss all things considered. Frankly, I was expecting a pretty dismal ending, considering the premise was children murdering each other.  *SPOILER*  The epilogue is absolutely necessary. Katniss' fear of forming lasting relationships was, as is emphasized early on, a paralyzing fear of having children raised in a world that could support the hunger games. The fact that she can have them now with a man she loves (and knows she does love him) means the world turned out a heck of a lot better than it could have with one terrible power replacing another. A picture of self sufficiency is forming in her community, which is the very thing that drove Katniss to loving hunting and the Hob. A slew of people are dead (see earlier note about the premise of the books being about children slaughtering each other), but that's hardly unexpected. Katniss is not a great leader, but from the beginning all she wanted was a quiet life where her basic needs are fulfilled and her loved ones don't need to live in fear.
0316113506|4.0|I really have not gotten in the book but what little I have read if seems informative. Will try to read it soon
B003IKMR0U|5.0|a fun party game that is quick and allows for as many players as you want. also a different way to teach odds and probability. this is important in math and in the case of a zombie apocalypse.
B004L07KWQ|3.0|I'm not a stranger to kids painting apps and my kids seem to enjoy them.. my kids however always seem to hit the soft keys on my phone, and which boots them. they usually end up calling someone before they tell me that they lost the app.
0152465030|5.0|I know I will cherish this book forever. My Great-grandchildren will know to read it when they are ready.  This is a true treasure.
B004LUS390|5.0|I work with photoshop at work and this is not just a cheap clone, and I would say that without having used PS, I would still be equally impressed with this app. I have a droid milestone which is old and crappy, and but this app runs perfect
076115728X|5.0|This may look like a book for preschoolers, but I gave it to my almost-six-year-old and she declared it the most beautiful book in the world and immediately got to work on a torn-paper alligator.  The message is great, but the fact that the message is worked out in the medium is brilliant.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|my son loves this game. for the 3+ age range it's enough to keep them busy for hours. we're using this on a nook tablet. it does crash from time to time.
B001FXCE46|1.0|This band is an embarrassment to popular music.  And I give every band/artist a chance.  I like it all from Radiohead to Britney Spears (Till the world ends is an AMAZING single) to Saves the Day to Elliot Smith.    Straight up, Kings of Leon just write bad songs.  Consistently.  Do yourself a favor and discover new music.  This is just terrible.
B000001EAQ|4.0|When you ask the \\"average\\" U2 fan what their least favorite U2 album is, chances are that they'll tell you \\"Pop\\". \\"Pop\\" is the last of the trilogy of \\"experimental\\" album that U2 released in the 1990s, starting with of course \\"Achtung Baby\\" in 1991, then followed by \\"Zooropa\\" in 1993, and concluding with \\"Pop\\" in 1997. Keeping in mind that some regarded \\"Zooropa\\" more as a maxi-EP than a regular album, and that it had been 4+ years since \\"Zooropa\\", it had been a long time since new material had been released, and when \\"Pop\\" finally came out, the expectations were sky-high. I must admit I hadn't listened to this album in quite a while, but watching the new U2 documentary \\"From the Sky Down\\" has lead me to another U2 \\"reappreciation\\" period.<br /><br />\\"Pop\\" (12 tracks; 60 min.) starts off with a trio of thundering epics: \\"Discotheque\\", \\"Do You Feel Loved\\" and \\"Mofo\\", which is by far my favorite track on the entire album. It is followed by arguably the weakest track on here \\"If God Will Send His Angels\\", a \\"One\\"-lite wannabe that falters badly. \\"Starting At the Sun\\" is the solid (and only) hit single on this album. The near-perfect first half concludes with \\"Last Night On Earth\\" a good slow-burner. The second half kicks off with the 1-2 punch of \\"Gone\\" and \\"Miami\\", just terrific. \\"The Playboy Mansion\\" slows things doen a bit, but the guitar licks are heavy and irresitable. At this point it feels for me that the album should just about wrap up, but instead there are three more tracks, of which only one, \\"Please\\", is worthwhile.<br /><br />Upon its release \\"Pop\\" was not received well (and I'm being mild) by the critics, or the general public for that matter. For my liking, it was, and still remains, a very fine album, indeed U2's \\"experimental\\" period is by far my favorite period of the band. However, sensing the general disenchantment, U2 took a sharp 45 degree left (or right) and went back to more traditional (I call it: less challenging) U2, starting with 2000's \\"All That You Can't Leave Behind\\". Don't fall for it, and don't believe the general reputation of this album. \\"Pop\\" is mighty nice.ve Behind\\". Don't fall for it, and don't believe the general reputation of this album. \\"Pop\\" is mighty nice.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|I was also concerned after reading the really bad reviews.  The case arrived and was pretty much what I thought I had ordered.  The stand is flimsier than I had hoped, but the case protects my Fire from routine stuff (and crazy cats), and does not add another half pound or more to what I am holding.  Most of the leather cases people seem to adore are seriously heavy.  I have my K3 in one, but it goes everywhere and gets rougher treatment.  I am satisfied.
B0067H9W72|1.0|What started out as an excellent show has gone terribly wrong in it's 2nd season. Obviously, the producer and current crop of writers lost thier jobs when the 'Days of Our Lives' soap opera was canceled and were quickly hired to take over 'Walking Dead'.  Sure, it's a perfect fit, just create endless melodrama and throw in the occasional gore to keep the kiddies happy and you have a hit show. Right? What a huge disappoint 'Walking Dead' has become.  I doubt it can be saved under current management.  AMC would do well to cancel the show, now, and save face.  Maybe find a director and writers who actually enjoy the Zombie genre (and maybe someone who has a sense of humor) and try it again next year.  That would be better than the slow death 'Walking Dead' is suffering now.
B005IZLPMY|4.0|While I do love that Marvel has finally after so many years of being the underdog in the 90's and mid 2000's to D.C. has gotten the attention they deserve,  but while this movie gives many people and longtime fans of the hero their overdue live action movie it doesn't go beyond a typical action summer flick.  The movie gives for the most part an accurate telling of the story of Steve Rogers from a lanky weak but courageous patriotic American wanting to fight the tyranny of the Third Reich and their villainous ideals but also adds another character for the future line up of the Avengers movie coming out next year.  While the action of the movie is pretty good I wasn't as entertained as much by it as I was with the action in the Iron Man movies or the Thor movie,  again while not bad the movie just feels with its storyline to even up with the Fantastic Four movies though with some better dialogue though and with a much more talented villain for Captain America(Hugo Weaving being a fantastic actor).  Still for what the movie is going for and for any fan of the Marvel universe here's a great deal regardless that no one should pass up...
0307593312|4.0|Upfront caveats:   1. I did not know who Murakami was prior to selecting this book from Amazon's best of the month list and then reading of his oeuvre.  2. Its surprising that I elected to read it after reading \\"about\\" it. My reading preferences trend toward densely detailed non-fiction (think Robert Caro and Doris Goodwin Kearns) or complex, intensely human  and often \\"spiritual\\" fiction (think Dostoevsky or Marilyn Robinson). I do not generally enjoy science fiction or fantasy works.   That said, and to my surprise,  I really did enjoy this book. It is not a great \\"novel\\" and I am not sure it can even be characterized as a novel, unless its unique style results in a redefinition of the genre. What it is is  a  great story, thematically thin and  deceptively simple in its telling, yet compelling in its hold on the reader. In fact, a better word than compelling would be \\"propelling\\".  The short chapters made of short  paragraphs, that alternate between the destined-to-intersect worlds of the two protagonists, and a third Colombo type investigator,  move swiftly and purposefully carrying along the reader like a passenger on a steadily moving  train on an express route free of stops or  stations to pause or ponder along the way. It doesn't matter that its obvious from the very beginning that the story's denouement will be the union of the two detached and  lonesome lovers. In this case, it's not the destination, it's the ride.   I'll not dwell on the plot elements. If you've read the reviews you know they involve a detour into a parallel world where the main  characters' lives are seemingly being controlled at first by human outside forces of cults and ideologies and then by seemingly super-natural ones evidenced by night time visits by Little People and a sky with two moons. Ultimately the story is a love story that involves two loners destined to be united, after, and by, surviving forces  of apparent good and evil that turn out to be ambiguously neither. In that sense,it  seems,  their story is everyman's.   Murakami is a great maker of moods. The first chapter had such a  wonderfully mysterious quality to it that I was more than a little let down as the more mundane elements of Book One unfolded. I felt then that the book was a lot more \\"ordinary\\" than its beginning suggested. But as the story progressed, the air of mystery returned to color the seemingly more mundane events and ultimately to create a rich and  sustained sense of other-worldliness.   At times, the book seems to border on pulp fiction, particularly  when  describing the protagonists' kinky or casual sexual encounters and escapades. I suppose the point of these seemingly superfluous curiously unerotic episodes was to depict how actually loveless were the solitary  lives of Tengo and Aomeme before their childhood  memories of each other were reawakended from the past due to external forces in their newly shared \\"other\\" world. In that sense, I suppose, the sex was  like exercise and eating, a necessary  physical ritual in their respective work a days lives that  was scheduled in on a regular basis, but really not anchored to anything permanent or fulfilling in the deliberately then \\"single\\" lives of Tengo and Aomeme.  Aside from those odd interludes, and maybe even intending, for this purpose, to include them, the author magically mixes the mundane and the fantastic to create a surreal world where the  most ordinary things intersect with supernatural ones in the course of single  day or even a single paragraph.    To me,  Murakami (at least in this the only of his works I have read) is less a great novelist, and more a master of the craft of story telling.  His style is quite simple, or more likely, his skill is his ability to make it appear simple.  For a book of nearly 1000 pages, it was one of the most quickly reading books I've read in recent years. While I have read much criticism in these reviews of the level of repetition, I was not bothered by that. Thisis not a \\"subtle\\" or profound book, and the reader is not asked to ponder what came before and what that may mean in the context of what lies ahead. Its more like a tale you \\"listen\\" to on the edge of your bed or by the side of a burning fire (and I think the audio version would be mesmerizing),  without stopping to consider its meaning and course and, in that context, the repetition of the facts you learned along the way actually help to create its uniquely  propulsive reading quality- no need to stop and look at the map; the author's gps will remind you where you've been and in fact foretell what lies ahead.   All you need to do is sit tight and enjoy the ride.
B0000VCZKW|4.0|My class and I read the book Matilda, by Roald Dahl, in 3 weeks. It's a really good book! It is about a girl named Matilda. She has stupid parents and there is no love between them. I feel really sad for Matilda because her parents don't love her and her brother gets all the attention, her father is a crazy car-dealer and he tricks people in to buying cars, and her mother just watches T.V. and goes to bingo games all the time. Matilda has a great time driving them crazy. Matilda's parents think of Matilda as nothing other then a scab!   Matilda has been reading since the age of three. The first thing she read was a cookbook, because her mom left it on the floor. Matilda said \\"Daddy do you think you could buy me a book?\\" \\"A book?\\" Matilda's dad said \\"what's wrong with the telly, for heaven's sake? We've got a lovely telly with a twelve-inch screen and now you come asking for a book! You're getting spoiled, my girl!\\" So Matilda would go to the library every day and then the librarian told her she could take books home, so she went every week.  At school things are different even though there is Miss Trunchbull! Miss Trunchbull throws kids out windows, picks them up and swings them around by their hair, and locks them in a tiny room with spikes in the walls. It's bad! All of the kids at the school hate her. Matilda's teacher is Ms. Honey. Ms. Honey is the nicest teacher in the whole school!   There is something we find out about Matilda during the end of the book. You should read the book to find out what it is. It's really cool!  I want to read more books by Roald Dahl. He used to write books for adults, but got bored of that so he started writing books for kids. He also wrote James and the Giant Peach, The Twits, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, and lots more. Sadly, he died in 1990. Most of his books are funny and have been made in to movies. Matilda was a good book and the movie was good, too.
B0060QM0AG|5.0|I have not read the Kindel version of this book,but have read in soft cover, most of James Herriot's books & I just love them.I have sat & cried & then I have laughed out loud.They are very special wonderful books.
B000SCHC0Q|4.0|It is so scary what went on and is probably still going on there.  Bothersome, how people can treat other people, that is the bottom line.  It certainly makes you think.  This was a very good book, not quiet as good as his first, but worth the read.
B0058RCVYS|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie! I have never watched  a Danish movie before but it caught my attention and I am glad it did! Powerful movie filled with both loss and love.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Provides an expanded technical view beyond the /settings/wifi menu of the status of your Wi-Fi and the signals around you. Sitting in a McDonalds I was surprised that their AT&T signal ended at their door, as it's not available in the parking lot.  Guess they want you to come in and eat too for this service...go figure.
B004XUMPFQ|5.0|I used to watch a lot of television and stopped as soon as I got to college last year. It became evident to that I'd missed the greatest show sci-fi television history \\"Firefly\\". I watched it in 2 days on Amazon Prime, losing sleep watching it. It's one of the best written, fascinating shows I've ever seen. The acting is constantly top-notch, the writing amazing, the chemistry fantastic. It breaks my heart that this show was cancel-- it deserved many more seasons.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|Okay so I'm a bit late to the Angry Birds scene, but for a buck I couldn't resist.  Nice time filler and way to decrease office productivity.
0525423281|5.0|There are almost no words for this book. Almost no words for how insanely good at writing Stephanie Perkins is. Almost no words for how magnetic and wonderful Lola and Cricket are. But for a book this great, a book this brilliant, I will try my hardest to express to you how totally in love with it I am. I feel as though I could list every synonym for AMAZING and it still wouldn't be enough to convey just how perfect this book is from cover to cover (Also when I say COVER, I mean it. That IS Lola and Cricket). Lola and Cricket flew of the pages with vibrant personalities from the beginning. The chemistry, the history between the two of them would be obvious to any stranger walking past on the street.<br /><br />As you can clearly tell, Lola is a character I love. Her personality, creativity, and style is infectious.  After reading this book I found myself wanting to wear fun wigs and rain coats on sunny days just because they matched my dress. I have no single style but Lola does (in a round-about way) and I envy that about her. Her style is costume and costume alone. If she's going to a picnic, she wears a dress she made of a picnic blanket and then accessorizes with ant earrings. She is just so quirky. She is just so fun. She is just so COOL!!! I have spent hours trying to come up with one perfect word to describe Lola and you can obviously see I failed miserably in this search. There is just no one word to describe the amazingness that this person is. She is confident, stylish, marches to the beat of her own drum, she presents to the world all of her dreams and inspirations, and above all, she is passionate. On top of all these AWESOME qualities, we see that she is still human and makes mistakes and has flaws like the rest of us (and in case you didn't know, I LOVE this quality about Lola as well!). Yes, she makes silly mistakes, has had her heart broken, she sometimes doesn't think things through, she is confused about a whole lot, she mouths off at some inappropriate times, and doesn't listen to her parents. But at the end of the day, she still has a heart of gold. She is a sweetheart through and through and I seriously want her to be real because she would be the funnest friend (obviously she would be at 2nd place for world's best BFF because Kati, my real life BFF, currently holds that position) a person this vibrant and full of life NEEDS to be real out there somewhere.<br /><br />Another thing that makes Lola great is her family. It is not your average, everyday family but these days, what can you really consider \\"average\\"? She has two dads. Two very concerned, over-protective, genuine, loving gay dads. This wasn't a HUGE part of the story but I still love the fact that Stephanie included it. It is not something you see in many books, if any at all, so it was just kind of cool to see how her life was the same in many ways to your average teenager. Lola gets in trouble, grounded, her parents dislike her rocker boyfriend, and they are present in her life. They care about her so much and that is so easy to see by reading this book. It is so refreshing to see parents that are present in their child's life. Lola's family life isn't perfect though. She has her birth mom who is a bit of a mess. I could totally relate with her on this one because I have been going through the same thing with my birth mom the past 6+ years. She comes around when she wants leaving a trail of disaster in her wake. She does what is beneficial for her regardless of how it harms others, including Lola. My heart broke for Lola but I was also able to see a change, a subtle one but still a change in her mom. She tried, in the best way she knew to be better. It may not have been up to the standards that Lola holds for her already awesome, involved parents, but she still made an effort which is promising!<br /><br />And of course there is a few friends to help Lola through all the drama. In this story the best friend is written perfectly! She has her ownquirks and is quite hilarious. Lindsey is obsessed with solving mysteries and even goes so far as to refer to Lola as \\"Ned\\" a character in her favorite series, Nancy Drew. Lindsey is not as present in the story as I usually like the best friend characters to be but she was still lots of fun to read about. She is there for Lola 100% of the time. She often times knows when Lola will be upset and needs her before Lola even realizes it herself. Two other friends that I loved, ANNA & ST.CLAIR!!!!!!! Those two show up in this book and I seriously almost died from giddiness. I will not say much in hopes of not spoiling the book but just know, my love for them has not wavered in time &lt;3<br /><br />Okay, I have put it off until now because the love interests in this story are going to take some time. First there is Max, Lola's super cute rocker boyfriend. I was coming into this story totally expecting to hate the guy and when that didn't happen, I kind of just scratched my head in confusion. Max is much older than Lola and he is cute, and he plays music so my rocker-girl side is saying \\"Heck yes. I LOVE musicians!\\" But the back of the book mentions Lola and her feeling for Cricket so I just knew this guy is bad news. I kept waiting for him to do something that would break Lola's heart but instead he showed me how much he cared for Lola. He may have a short temper at times and his personality isn't always the most pleasant but he always came to Lola's defense and he protected her. However, once we meet Cricket and we really got to know him,  my heart AND Lola's belonged to him. Max is a good guy but he is someone Lola feels like she can't truly be herself with. She is constantly struggling with whether or not she should be in costume or in \\"normal\\" clothes around Max. If you are struggling to be yourself with your boyfriend, this can only mean one thing.<br /><br />Cricket......ahhh how to explain this sun shiny character? Cricket is energetic, outgoing, a nerd, a CUTE nerd, he speaks his mind ALL the time, and he is head over heels in love with Lola, a fact he makes clear from the very beginning. Cricket is just so out there and kind of in your face. He's always moving, talking, DOING something but that only adds to his charm. And when I say charm ladies, I mean charm. Like ALWAYS thinking of the lady type of charm. Cricket is exactly the type of guy I want to keep for myself. He is exactly the type of guy MANY girls want to keep for themselves. There is something about his honesty and complete dorkiness that is totally endearing. I love the way he is there for Lola even when there is all this drama going on between the two of them. I mean the window scenes couldn't have been more perfect. He was always there for her to vent to. He knows he screwed up in the past and that he really hurt Lola so he spends all this time trying to be a good friend for her. Seriously, LOVE!  He treats her like the most precious creature he's ever laid eyes on *swoon* To put it more clearly, Cricket Bell is in love with Lola and the rest of us are in love with Cricket Bell because of it. He is just so full of life and love, it emanates off of the pages. Lola and Cricket together are pure genius. These are two completely quirky, fun characters with a history of both good and bad. When they are together the only words that come to mind are EPIC CUTENESS!<br /><br />I know this is a poor excuse for a review due to the excessive amounts exclamation points, caps locks, and gushing but I am fairly certain I got the point across. This book is as cute as the world's cutest button. It is as sweet as apple pie (or if pie isn't your thing, it's as sweet as one giant cupcake). It will melt your heart like a Hershey bar in 101 degree weather. Seriously just read it because you will love it HARD CORE, I promise &lt;3. Lindsey is obsessed with solving mysteries and even goes so far as to refer to Lola as \\"Ned\\" a character in her favorite series, Nancy Drew. Lindsey is not as present in the story as I usually like the best friend characters to be but she was still lots of fun to read about. She is there for Lola 100% of the time. She often times knows when Lola will be upset and needs her before Lola even realizes it herself. Two other friends that I loved, ANNA & ST.CLAIR!!!!!!! Those two show up in this book and I seriously almost died from giddiness. I will not say much in hopes of not spoiling the book but just know, my love for them has not wavered in time <3  Okay, I have put it off until now because the love interests in this story are going to take some time. First there is Max, Lola's super cute rocker boyfriend. I was coming into this story totally expecting to hate the guy and when that didn't happen, I kind of just scratched my head in confusion. Max is much older than Lola and he is cute, and he plays music so my rocker-girl side is saying \\"Heck yes. I LOVE musicians!\\" But the back of the book mentions Lola and her feeling for Cricket so I just knew this guy is bad news. I kept waiting for him to do something that would break Lola's heart but instead he showed me how much he cared for Lola. He may have a short temper at times and his personality isn't always the most pleasant but he always came to Lola's defense and he protected her. However, once we meet Cricket and we really got to know him,  my heart AND Lola's belonged to him. Max is a good guy but he is someone Lola feels like she can't truly be herself with. She is constantly struggling with whether or not she should be in costume or in \\"normal\\" clothes around Max. If you are struggling to be yourself with your boyfriend, this can only mean one thing.  Cricket......ahhh how to explain this sun shiny character? Cricket is energetic, outgoing, a nerd, a CUTE nerd, he speaks his mind ALL the time, and he is head over heels in love with Lola, a fact he makes clear from the very beginning. Cricket is just so out there and kind of in your face. He's always moving, talking, DOING something but that only adds to his charm. And when I say charm ladies, I mean charm. Like ALWAYS thinking of the lady type of charm. Cricket is exactly the type of guy I want to keep for myself. He is exactly the type of guy MANY girls want to keep for themselves. There is something about his honesty and complete dorkiness that is totally endearing. I love the way he is there for Lola even when there is all this drama going on between the two of them. I mean the window scenes couldn't have been more perfect. He was always there for her to vent to. He knows he screwed up in the past and that he really hurt Lola so he spends all this time trying to be a good friend for her. Seriously, LOVE!  He treats her like the most precious creature he's ever laid eyes on *swoon* To put it more clearly, Cricket Bell is in love with Lola and the rest of us are in love with Cricket Bell because of it. He is just so full of life and love, it emanates off of the pages. Lola and Cricket together are pure genius. These are two completely quirky, fun characters with a history of both good and bad. When they are together the only words that come to mind are EPIC CUTENESS!  I know this is a poor excuse for a review due to the excessive amounts exclamation points, caps locks, and gushing but I am fairly certain I got the point across. This book is as cute as the world's cutest button. It is as sweet as apple pie (or if pie isn't your thing, it's as sweet as one giant cupcake). It will melt your heart like a Hershey bar in 101 degree weather. Seriously just read it because you will love it HARD CORE, I promise <3
B00479SVBU|5.0|I got my mother this product bc she wanted to play her music from her USB...she absolutely loves it!!! As I type this, she is still outside in her car in the garage listening to her radio (been out there 10 minutes..lol) bc it works so great!!!!!! Thank you Satechi!!
0553386794|4.0|One of the better fantasy novels out there - however I will say 800 pages and a few dozen character introductions is alot for number one in a series. Also a little light on the magic for my tastes in epic fantasy.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|I don't understand why this has been handled differently from all the other movies? Ultraviolet is NOT a digital copy. With all the other movies I purchased it was a very simple process.  Now I have had to register with another service, which I had no interest in joining in order to access a product that I purchased.  If I want to access this \\"digital\\" copy in the future I need to have online access and use bandwidth?  How is this customer-friendly?
0786891416|3.0|Heat-wave effectively reads like a novel adaption of an episode of Castle. Superficial, straight-talking and with a more than a touch of humour, Heatwave is an enjoyable read.<br /><br />Would the book stand alone if not by \\"Richard Castle?\\" definately not. Although in saying this there are actually plenty of worse crime thrillers out there so not entirely unrecommended...
B004P4S4NM|5.0|I don't really know Adele or have read her fan sites or her back story or whatever. Maybe what I'm about to say is totally wrong. But listening to her music one thing is clear to me. Someone out there absolutely shattered this girl's heart into a thousand pieces. And although I truly feel sorry for her, that heartbreak has produced some of the best and most passionate music I've heard in quite a while. Her loss, our gain.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|But I'm stuck on level 3-7 cause about halfway through the level the app just exits out without warning then I have too start it all over again.
B005FITIDC|5.0|I'm giving 5 stars to the trailer.  The trailer advertised limited release.  All the money spent to produce this film and then limited release?  I live in the country in Texas.  I will have to wait and buy the movie to see it.  I read the book the movie was based on and  then bought more books to share with friends.<br /><br />I saw a review that said the movie under performed.  Of course it would under perform on limited release!  Then we're stuck with the garbage Hollywood puts out the rest of the year.  Maybe it's just because the word Preacher is in the title.<br /><br />Frustrated with Hollywood!
B000GX0QNM|4.0|I was amazed when I learned that you could build this aircraft.  For those who don't know, the Ho 229 (often called the Go 229.  The Hortens designed it but Gothaer Waggonfabrik built it) was a revolutionary jet powered stealth fighter developed my Nazi Germany late in WWII.  It could outperform the Me 262, and absorbed up to 20% of all radar waves (though this was only somewhat intentional).  If the Luftwaffe had had this aircraft at the beginning of the battle of Britain Hitler may have found his way across the channel.  But, no one remembers it.  For all the terrible things the Nazis did, their aeronautics developments were generations ahead of their time and many are still used today.  Anyway, this model isn't particularly hard, nor is it particularly detailed in comparison to other models I've built.  I'm such a fanboy of historic aircraft that I can't help but love the Ho/Go 229.
B000001DTM|3.0|This was the album that marked the dividing line for me. I loved The Joshua Tree, Unforgettable Fire, and even Rattle and Hum. Their earlier albums (Boy, October. and War) showed the evolution of their songwriting and playing. Edge is still one my favorite guitarists from the 80's. He was so influential for that time period. Achtung Baby had a few good tunes, but a lot of filler. That statement can be repeated for every album afterwards. Every album after Achtung has maybe one good cut and the rest is tepid.
B004EBT5CU|2.0|Adele is a very talented artist and I couldn't wait to hear the CD on a high resolution audio system.  Unfortunately, I could not believe my ears when I heard it.  This is frankly of of the poorest quality audio recordings I've ever heard.  Specifically, this CD sounds very digital, compressed, brilliant, edgy and harsh.  This is a result of poor quality recording/mastering and/or production.  With a nice audio system there is practically no sound stage as the music projects from a very small space between the speakers instead of filling the room with music that comes from vocals and instruments clearly identifiable in space between and beyond the speakers.  The lead and background vocals and all instruments project from the same location as if it were recorded in mono instead of stereo.  Perhaps there is a different recording or mix than this CD and if so do consider it.  This is great music that should be heard.  Unfortunately, this recording is a disappointment.
1419702238|3.0|I bet the book will be GREAT what really makes me mad tough is that I still havent gotten it from my school
0393061310|5.0|This item was purchased as a gift, it arrived in a short amount of time, was packaged well and was enjoyed by the receiving party.
B004XGN8W4|5.0|The G155 Mobile System is pretty sweet. Houses a PS3 Slim, Xbox slim, or fat Xbox 360 (albeit with some added weight). Set up is very quick, just need 2 outlets...or even just 1 if you buy a small outlet enhancer for multiple slots. Ive had the system on an running for half the day without a problem, and the ps3 slim didnt get any hotter than it would sitting next to my TV.  This is truly the ultimate gamer's gift. I actually had someone get on their knees and bow to me out of respect.  Carrying the case for long walks is probably not ideal, but from house to car, and car to work its not that much exertion.  As some reviews mentioned, the view angle of the screen is fairly limited and you do have to be in front of it.  Volume is sufficient at half-way, but there are 2 headphone jacks.
B0037QGS0A|5.0|If the cover for this DVD featured something more in the vein of classic pulp fiction magazines then I believe viewers would have approached this movie in a completely different way. The current cover gives off a Fatal Attraction/Basic instinct vibe and that doesn't represent Chloe very well. This is not a super serious art house film nor is it a fast paced thriller where Chloe snaps at the end of the second act and begins killing people off like a predictable slasher movie. Instead, Chloe is a film about secrets between people and the rocky relationships between families. On the downside Chloe does have some minor campy elements to it but that just makes it more of a guilty pleasure. And Amanda Seyfried and Julianne Moore are very charming in their roles. So I would recommend the movie to Moore and Seyfried fans. The DVD also features two scenes that should have been included in the final film and a solid audio commentary track featuring Atom Egoyan, Erin Cressida Wilson and Amanda Seyfried.
0812550706|1.0|Wow im writing this review because i just read a review of DUNE and somebody said that Enders Game was better, i have to tell you now that that this is the ultimate over-hyped book ive ever read, ya you might like it if your 12, but other then that it is no game changer, its about a bunch of kids floating around, no offense to the author i know what he was trying to do, but i blame everyone else( you know who you are) who says this is the best book, i was recommended this book by a few friends, and i was like ok ill try it, and after i got done i was like why do people like this so much, its simplistic its boring. its about as deep as any twilight novel. So to wrap this up go read Dune and listen to Mer De Noms by a Perfect Circle(for some reason they match up perfectly) and skip Enders Game unless your 12 like i said
B002ZG983M|5.0|First off,I am not a big fan of films that are dominated by special effects.  But when this film first came out,the reviews were favorable.  Including one in New Yorker magazine,that praised the film despite the abundance of special effects.  So,finally after many months I decided to purchase the dvd from Amazon and check it out.<br /><br />Boy,was I surprised.  This movie is terrific.  The performances by Cage,Chloe Grace Moretz(hitgirl) and Aaron Johnson are superb.  And believe me the girl that plays Aaron Johnson girlfriend in the movie is absolutely drop dead gorgeous.<br /><br />In addition to the excellent acting--the special effects were stunning and the understated humor in the film gave me a number of good laughs.  I watched it for the first time last night--and I'll probably watch it another four or five times before I get tired of it.  But I'm betting there will be a sequel and I'm looking forward to that.
0525950079|3.0|I have always enjoyed Follett's work immensely; however Pillars of the Earth and especially World Without End are becoming more formulatic.  They are like the Perils of Pauline, especially WWE.  He creates excellent characters that I, at least, felt I came to know and like. So it became disconcerting that 30 of the 36 CD's in the audio version were trial upon trial for all the main characters (Mervyn, Caris, Gwenda, Wolfrick, Philippa). It's like a soap opera.  Compare these historical novels to those by Edward Rutherford (The Princes of Ireland, The Rebels of Ireland, Russka, etc.) The sweep of these historical novels is as grand as those of Follett; yet the reader is treated to a range of high and low notes for the lead characters, which I, for one, find far more enjoyable than Follett's Debbie Downer approach for most of Pillars and WWE.
055357342X|3.0|I am halfway through the third book, some 4,000 words now. This series is amazingly well written, with good character development and a very creative plot. However, I have had enough of it as it has turned into a soap opera with all of its cliffhangers.  The good guys rarely if ever win. The book has devolved into a continuous stream of negativity, amazing cruelty and brutality and unspeakable treachery. This is an interesting read but is an incredible DOWNER! Be forewarned before you start it. If you want a feel good book with a happy ending, this ain't it.
B004LUS390|1.0|This app does not work at all on my side kick, out just force closes. Very dissapointing. Too bad because I love autodesk.
0618918248|5.0|The brilliant analysis of the traditional religious self-righteousness kept me absorbed throughout the book. My particular interest was in an explanation of the origins of the religious faith, and the question of why most people are so willing and ready to believe in such meaningless and absurd religious dogmas. Not only the common folk, but also well educated people, and even scientists, do have beliefs in some sort of supernatural intervention. The suggestion that the blind belief originated from children, who rightly followed instructions of their elders without asking questions, makes good sense. It is also reasonable that the willingness to readily believe the authority extended to adulthood. But this cannot be the whole story. Conceivably, the phenomenon of unrestrained belief in authority has been enhanced along generations by the mechanism of group selection. The disciplined following of a group leader provides consolidation and a notable advantage over other, less disciplined groups. If the leader, in order to raise his authority, summons spirits or invents gods, this is for the better, as long as his fellows are willing to accept his persuasion without reservation. The advantage of a disciplined group has many aspects, not only in warfare against competing groups. Other benefits, like group hunting, construction of dwellings, or social care, are of great importance. Later, when the prehistoric groups grew into bigger societies, the already established beliefs in supernatural powers played the necessary role in stimulating the foundation of faiths that subsequently evolved into diverse religions.  I claim that the overwhelming popularity of the religious cults on the planet is the result of our great readiness to believe an authority without questioning, no matter what perverse absurdities we are being told. The religions are the result of this very characteristic of the inclination to believe, and not only a result of our historic ignorant background. To clarify this claim, I propose the following thought experiment. Suppose all religions, all faiths, and all sacred books have been abolished for a long enough time to be completely forgotten by all humans. From now on everything starts afresh, clean of superstitions. Sure enough, in such a situation the world politicians would lose no time to invent new gods and utter new absurdities for recruiting masses of believers to pursue their private goals. New religions would mushroom everywhere, vigorously evolving, spreading, splitting, fighting and stealing believers from each other. After just a few generations the general picture of the world religions would probably not be fundamentally different from whatever we can see now. The difference may be in their basic assumptions that could replace the Bible, which represented the scientific \\"knowledge\\" of its time but had already long been forgotten, by a more \\"scientific\\" approach, possibly similar to present-day Scientology. Since real science contains and will always contain gaps, however insignificant, and limits in understanding, the new priests will have no trouble finding appropriate fertile spots on which to place God.  A personal footnote  I am 79, PhD in physics. I have been an atheist ever since I can remember myself. I was raised by secular parents, who didn't apply any sort of indoctrination, religious or other. I only knew that some people, including some of our relatives, were \\"religious.\\" At age ten, at the time of the Second World War, I happened to spend some time in an orphanage of mostly Jewish children (even though I wasn't an orphan). During a conversation with a group of children I made a declaration that there is no God. A boy of twelve, in front of me, appalled, shrieked \\"How then could those trees grow?!\\" This turned almost into a lynch. Later that day one of the teachers approached me and gave me the advice not to talk again about God's non-existence.
1451648537|3.0|If you were to separate the content of this biography into sections (1. people being upset by Jobs, 2. personal story, 3. business genius, 4. psychological profile), it would be about 30/30/10/30. And if I were to grade each section, I'd give them B+/B+/C+/B-. Isaacson's timing was impeccable (because Jobs basically dictated it, sensing his own demise), but this is not the kind of biography I wanted, that's for sure. I wanted some insights into how he did what he did. Unfortunately, as a professional, Jobs comes across as a petulant toddler who apparently could arrive at the right place at the right time and make things simpler.   I think Isaacson really oversimplifies this part of the man. And that's the part I really wanted to read about -- not dating Joan Baez, tiffs with Bill Gates, and tantrums over which beige or white he preferred.   With the plethora of media coverage and excerpts available, I'd see if you still have an appetite after reading those before spending a sizable amount on this bio.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I bought this DVD from Amazon and had it about 6 months before I actually put it in my DVD player! I had 8 weeks before my son's wedding and my dress was tight! This workout was killer! I put my daily comments on Facebook and I received alot of support from my friends to finish the 30 days! Planks, push-ups, sit-ups, lunges, squats, oh my!! It took me about 35 days to finish as I missed a day here and there. I only lost 6 pounds, but my dress fit perfectly and I was down a dress size. I was use to the Firm DVD's and was happy with results, but not like the 30 Day Shred. I saw results much faster and I actually saw areas of my body becoming more lean. I'm finishing up Ripped in 30 and I am looking forward to my next DVD by Jillian. I'm 50 years old and about 25 pounds overweight, well now 19 pounds! When I started I was 160 pounds - hoping to get back down to 135-140. Working out with Jillian will get me there, with some sore muscles and Advil!
B005LY4B0A|3.0|It's a good game, but unfortunately the play area (the spider web) only takes up the upper left of the Kindle Fire's screen.  This does not happen on a 7-inch Samsung Galaxy Tab that I have tried it on.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|doesn't work on my kindle fire, no matter what. contacted customer support and no help yet. I have tried opening it multiple times.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use Evernote every day. I use it across Win7, iPhone, Kindle Fire, at home and at work. Is it perfect? No. Is it close enough? Yes. You can put any type of content into a note. You can easily get content into it on all platforms. It has enough organizational capability to do the job. It syncs fast. It just works. It is the one app i simply can't live without. I have the Pro subscription which is indespensible. Try the free account with no risk.
B005UG542S|5.0|Truly a great movie. An emotional action packed adventure all will love. A great finale with beautiful acting, effects, and music. A phenomenal, satisfying ending to the harry potter film series. Brought me to tears. Would recommended for all.
B004LUS390|1.0|I can't seem to get the app to open. It just force closes everytime. Xperia Play. I've heard good things about this so I would love to use it.
B004A8ZWSS|2.0|This movie would probably get one star if not for the gorgeous setting of Venice where most of the story takes place. Although the story is pretty good and has some nice twists, it plods beyond belief when Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie converse. I felt there was virtually no chemistry between the two. Depp seemed totally miscast as a fish out of water and the stumblebum type jokes he's scripted seem forced.<br /><br />Jolie just comes across as a bonerack with big...lips. Put it this way, she's no Sophia Loren when she glams it up. I think she works far better in the Salt/Tomb Raider roles where she kicks serious butt even if someone as skinny as she is being a world beater seems beyond belief.<br /><br />The director is mainly why this thing falls so flat and despite a terrific performance by Paul Bettany as the cop on Depp and Jolie's trail. It seems like he couldn't decide how to pace the story because it crawls to a halt in those scenes not involving the cops staking out the couple. This seems incongruous as you have two huge stars who should command the screen when they are together. They don't and it's hard to explain why.<br /><br />The extras are also hit and miss. The short on the glamour of Venice and the classic looks the cast are dressed is fascinating as is the alternate title sequence which is animated (although I have no idea how the pyramids and a hot air balloon got in there). The explanation of the gala came across as pretentious twaddle, the outtakes are just so-so and the director commentary is a waste of time.<br /><br />Oh, yeah, to director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck (gesundheit!), Albert Brooks wants his permed hair back (or being German maybe I should say soccer great Rudi Voller wants his perm back).
B005K2XM94|5.0|I received this sleeve before I received my Kindle Fire and thought that it was surely too small. But it fits the Kindle Fire like a glove. It appears to be well made and the fact that I will not have to remove my Kindle Fire at TSA checkpoints makes it a great item. Very nice product.
0316776963|4.0|Parts of this book are interesting, others not so much.  The book begins when David Sedaris finds he must go for speech therapy because he lisps.  The speech therapist says he has a lazy tongue.  However, his sister has a lazy leg, his other two sisters have lazy eyes.  Lazy body parts seem to run in his family.  All this speech therapy gives this book its' name.    David's father loves jazz and hopes his kids will be musicians.  He signs up David and his two sisters for music lessons.  David is to play guitar.  His teacher is a tiny little man, a midget and a fantastic dresser. This little man, who was so much shorter than David, loves good, expensive clothes.  To end this chapter, the three kids quit their lessons to their father's chagrin.  Pop wants musicians.  As for the kids, back to watching television with mom.  Another chapter begins with Sister Gretchen's beautiful art work.  Her art is presented in schools, then in shows.  David decides to become an artist also.  He tries and tries, but no talent.  But he does work hard at trying.  And finally he does have shows.  He pokes fun at some art.  And he writes about the time he tried to become an artist.  David tells about Brother Paul's colorful language.  Mr Sedaris writes abut his animal friends, his cat Neil that loved to mouse.  Neil was unhappy when she wasn't hunting.  She felt useless.  The parent Sedaris had a huge dog named Melina.  Malina was more of his parent's child than their own six kids.  The older couple had more pictures of that dog than they had of their kids.    Mr Sedaris moves to Chicago from eastern North Carolina.  He then moves to New York City.  He gets a job with a wealthy woman who likes to pretend she is very poor.  Beside this, the lady is excentric and quite laughable with her strange ways and ideas as David tells the readers.  She throws tantrums like a two year old.  David's next job is with a communist who employs many strange people.  This employer is in the moving business.Davud's family is different.  Papa Lou worries about his four daughters.  They are getting too fat.  Daughter Amy does everything to frustrate her father.  She wears strange clothes, eats fattening food, all this to aggravate her father.  Father likes his fruit overly ripe plus he has other strange ways of eating.  Mr Sedaris attracts odd people, both family, friends and all those he comes into contact with.  This book contains essays about how David deals with life.  There is the old adage \\"life happens to you when you're making other plans.\\"    Then David meets his true love and moves to France.  Hugh wants to live in France though David is somewhat afraid of the move.  Hugh has led an exciting life with much travel, different adventures which makes David's life in North Carolina seem boring.  David is envious.  The section of the book where David moves to France is comical.  He goes to French language school and meets more quirky people.  The French teacher is quite mean and makes fun of her students.  She is quite good about humiliating them.  Living in France is hysterical especially as he tells about foreign students trying to learn to speak French.  The second part of the book is funnier, but the first part is funny.    I liked this book better the second time I read it.  David Sedaris is quite a satirist and a humorist.
B004W2UBYW|4.0|Like a lot of people, I bought this book on day-one and began reading immediately. Quite frankly, I found it familiar--a good portion of the stuff had already been written in previous books. I guess my expectations where that this book was going to have a ton of inside information about Steve Jobs.  Now don't get me wrong--it is obvious that the author did have inside information with Jobs and it was very enjoyable to read the transcripts of their private conversations--but there was really nothing in this book that blew me away that would make me want to read it again.  I guess, perhaps, this is because all the information is still second-hand information.  For example, I read Paul Allen's wonderful book and especially enjoyed the early years--the beginnings of Microsoft. Talk about true inside information--Paul Allen overhearing Gates and Ballmer discussing how to lower the value of Allen's shares. Wow--that blew me away!  I guess, like a lot of people, I would have loved to have read an autobiography of Jobs but I'm sure it would have been written within Steve's \\"reality distortion field.\\"  All in all, good book.
030726999X|5.0|First there was The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo; then the sequel The Girl Who Played With Fire; finally now we have The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest - the third and final book in the series.  Sadly, Swedish author Stieg Larsson died at the age of fifty in 2004, so there will be no more books.  You must read the other two first, since this is a continuation of the story and will be far more enjoyable if you are familiar with who Salander is and why she now finds herself in her current dilemma.  In book three, we find our strange heroine Lisbeth Salander in critical condition after being shot in the head at the end of book 2 (The Girl Who Played With Fire).  A brilliant computer hacker who is equaled by only a few in the world (in a fascinating underground culture that is explored in detail in books 1 & 2), Salander is now barely alive, and unfortunately, the prime suspect in three murders in Stockholm.  While under armed guard in her hospital room, unable to see visitors or communicate with the outside world, her friend and former lover, journalist Mikael Blomkvist, works hard to solve the mystery of who committed the murders and why Salander was shot by her estranged father, Alexander Zalachenko.  The plot is complex, with fascinating characters; the writing is impressive and the plot action packed and intense.  The worst part of this book is finishing it and realizing there will never be another Salander/Blomkvist book, and there will never be another Stieg Larsson.
0439023521|5.0|I ordered this book off of amazon a couple of years back because it sounded so different and so interesting but for some reason kept choosing other books off of the shelf instead - up until a few weeks ago when I decided it was time. And I read the ENTIRE Hunger Games Trilogy in a matter of a few days. There are few other books out there that had as equal of an effect on me. The only thing that I can say that I am disappointed about is the fact that its over. And honestly I would have liked to have a had a little more at the end of Mocking Jay. Dont get me wrong the ending was amazing.. I just wanted more details. But absolutely loved them! WOW! Buy them. All 3 of them. You will regret it if you dont!
B001GUXJQA|5.0|Disgraced LAPD detective Harry Bosch is always in trouble.  It's not because he is lazy or doesn't do his job.  Quite the opposite - he does it too well, he is anti-authority and disregards the direct orders of his superiors, and sometimes he uncovers things that his superiors would prefer just stay buried.  He is not trusted by his administration, and he takes actions that continue to promote that dysfunctional relationship because Harry Bosch doesn't care about promoting or making friends.  Reassigned from his dream job in the elite downtown Robbery/Homicide unit after an internal investigation, Bosch lands in the Hollywood Division, not considered a plum assignment.  When Harry investigates a routine case involving a drug, black ice, he has a meeting with narcotics officer Cal Moore, head of a narcotics squad. When Moore ends up in a motel room in Hollywood with a fatal bullet wound to the head and a suicide note stuffed in his back pocket, Harry Bosch is ordered to let it go (even though it happened in Hollywood and he was next up for a homicide call out) - and told to let the Robbery/Homicide guys from downtown take care of it.  But as always, Harry disregards orders, and continues to work the case despite ongoing direct orders to let it go.  All of this happens in the first few minutes, so don't worry - I have not spoiled the plot for you.  The book is action packed without a dull moment.  I did not read the Bosch series the first time around, and I am sure glad that I found them now.  Start with the Black Echo.  This is the second in the Bosch series and well worth a read.
B005P89F1C|5.0|It has been fun watching this kid grow up over the last few years and take over the musical world.  He has made connections with many other artists, collaborating with them and trying out various musical styles.  This is very evident on this delightful set of tunes for the holiday season.  There are surprises too - who would think of doing \\"Little Drummer Boy\\" as a rap tune - yet they all work.  It is one of those rare CD's that you can put on and play all the way through, without having to skip over painfully annoying tracks.  Justin's voice is developing and deepening and an even more recent cover tune now on the Internet indicates that this is still happening.  There are about six new songs on Mistletoe and Justin participated in writing all of them, and is the main writer and producer for one of these songs.  I realize there are the \\"hatrz\\" and critics out there, but in my opinion as an almost 71 year old grandfather, this kid is one of the bright spots on an otherwise bleak planet.  Christmas time is a great time to celebrate the fact that there are still people around like Justin Bieber, and that there is new fun Christmas music to listen to.  Highly recommended.
B004FOA84A|4.0|not too easy, but didn't make me want to bang my head against the wall either. Beautiful graphics. I also would like a sequel or prequel. Only complaint was the end was a bit anticlimactic.
B005UBNKZG|5.0|Very good processor, in my benchmark I've got 30% gain over my old X6 1055T and I did not turn the turbo mode on.  I can not wait to see what 8150 will offer me.
B004LUS390|5.0|very neat app. lots of variety and flexibility with drawing tools.  definitely will be playing more with this. HTC Evo 4G
B005D9MUWY|1.0|hello, I just recieved the update for the app and now it will not set as my default keyboard. I've tried resetting it,but to no avail. please help!
0553801473|3.0|If you read the others then I recommend this one. Dude this is the next book in the series. Its fun to read about the Starks and the Lanisters. And even mediocre Martin is better that most books out there. So yes I recommend this but it might take a while to get through it.
B0060V1WJ6|5.0|This is a super funny flick. nicely done and worth watching. the characters in this movie are well developed and weavered together.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Bought as gift for the wife.  Disks were well packed, arrived undamaged, and in time for the birthday.  She was happy.  Good music.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Initially I was not going to buy this set; not because the idea of 'The Changes' was frightening or outrageous to me, but because of the price. But of course I did buy it, and overall I'm not unhappy with my decision. Before I go any further,  I will admit that I'm a relatively \\"new\\" Star Wars fan who has basically only ever seen the special edition versions of the OT. I may have seen the original unaltered versions at some point when I was too young to remember. That may bias my opinion of this set; just like the old-school fans may be biased against the changes.  All the new changes don't bother me because I'm not used to the \\"original\\" versions. Even further than that, I LIKE the changes--at least the updated graphics--because they make the movie more realistic. I do wish Han shot first, and I don't understand the big deal (one way or the other) about a longer/additional 'NOOO', but all-in-all the changes add to the experience--for me. Watching the original Star Wars movies this past week, I've felt like I was watching a movie not yet 10 years old. Well, except for the 70s/80s hairstyles. Long story short, the changes do not take away from my viewing experience. I can understand how people believe that the changes destroy their experience, destroy movie history, although I don't feel that way. No, other artists don't re-do their works every 2 years, it's unconventional to do so, so on and so forth, but none of that bothers me. I don't mean to apologize for Lucas, I don't care what other people think, or what George Lucas thinks. I like the updates to the film! Sue me! (Please don't sue me :( I really do play nice.)  With that said, it would be the right thing to do for Lucas to at least put the original unaltered movies onto Blu-Ray, as an \\"archival\\" kind of release. For all I'm concerned, he should make whatever changes to his movies he feels necessary... but I don't understand why he won't release the originals. People want them, people are going to buy them, so why not release them? It can't be GREED, as many have stated. Do you know how much cash he'd make by selling the unaltered trilogy? HA! TONS! In my opinion, he's just embarrassed by the unaltered films and that kind of thing doesn't go away lightly. Eventually, it'll happen. In the mean time, enjoy the movies as they are released on Blu-Ray.  Now to some other bits...  PACKAGING  The packaging looks beautiful. The artwork, although simple and quite strikingly different and quiet for that of a Star Wars release, practically sums up the entire story in one image. Quite frankly, it's a nice little work of art, a simple commentary on the lives of Anakin and Luke.  Unfortunately, things aren't quite as perfect on the inside. The internal artwork is just as wonderful, don't get me wrong on that. It's the disc \\"slots\\". I HATE this kind of storage method--storing discs in cardboard slots. While BD might be less susceptible to scratching/damage, I still feel uncomfortable with this kind of storage for the discs. I've put them in a [[ASIN:B0015A70O8 Discgear Selector 100 Auto Disc Retrieval System]], which is aesthetically pleasing and practical. It holds up to 100 discs, so you can easily store any discs from these unfortunately packaged box sets.  MENUS  The menus I dislike. They're cumbersome, the special features are scattered all over, by different planets and agh, it's just a mess. I LOVE special features and that's usually the first thing I go to with a movie or TV set, but these special features are a hassle to go through. Furthermore, the menu design does not look Star Wars at all. It's a black background, some gold lines and clips of the film. Frankly it looks like an early DVD menu, just with the advances of Blu Ray.   AUDIO  I'm not an expert but the movies sound fantastic to me, nearly like being at the cinema. The surround sound effects are phenomenal, encompassing the entire range of my audio system. Bottom line, you feel like you're in the middle of everything. This hold true for each of the films.  VIDEO  As others have said, Episode III probably looks the best but truly each movie looks so much better than their DVD counterpart. The original movies--changes aside, updated effects aside--look like brand new film. That's what I love the most about these releases, that the movies hold up against anything being made today.  Overall, I gave this set a 4 because despite the fact that I enjoy each movie, each transfer, and the bonus material, there are certain negatives to the box set. If you're a relatively new fan and have never seen the unaltered films, don't let the negative reviewers turn you off to this set because you're not going to get those films for a while. All in all it's a great buy for me.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|Read it once, movie wasn't much better. Inconsistent, illogical and as relevant today as phrenology. I'd give it zero stars if it was possible.
B004SD5GZ4|1.0|no zoom, no screen rotation, no view options on kindle fire. basically make it useless as a reader. better look for other solutions.
B004LUS390|5.0|I didn't think this world be worth my time, but boy is this a fun app.  Using this app is very intuitive and works like you would expect it to. Fun to play with when you need to waste some time.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|After buying the DVD with digital copy [[ASIN:B001UV4XJ2 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2 (Three-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + UltraViolet Digital Copy)]], I was stunned and disappointed of the process to utilize the digital movie. I had expressly procurred this version for the viewing on my iPad and iPhone. Expecting to just enter the code in iTunes, I had to register on a difference site, download additional apps, and attempt to view a most unreliable stream to my devices. I have yet to be able to see it on my Apple TV.   Well, now I understand UltraViolet and will not waste my money on buying another Ultraviolet digital copy in the future. I wish I didn't buy this one.
B005BCE7FQ|5.0|The colors just pop when watching this movie in 3D. It is difficult to find 3D movies in stores right now, so amazon is the best place to purchase, along with the reviews.  This is a cute movie well worth the money.
B005PMNBNG|2.0|This album is overrated.  The songs have a pretentious grandeur that do not resonate with my tastes.  I also don't like how homogeneous it sounds. It remijds me of the soundtrack to a film, which without the film itself it doesn't quite stand on its own.  After several histens of the whole album, I only like 7 from 22 songs of the two CDs:  Wait  Raconte - Moi Une Histoire  This Bright Flash  Soon, My Friend  OK Pal  Splendor  Klaus I Love You  Maybe: My Tears Are Becoming A Sea AND Year One, One UFO
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Simply amazing! I love this album. The songs are wonderful. Any fan of Michael Buble who gets into Christmas music will not regret the purchase!
B0050LJIRK|4.0|Just get a new singer. Durst is obviously the main failure to the quality of the music Limp Bizkit produces. These songs have amazing instrumentals, but it's just really grating listening to these lyrics. I gave 4 stars because the instrumentals are *that* good. Percussion, tables, bass, guitars = awesome. Sorry, Durst, try harder... hire a lyricist - anything.
B0068ZGHQM|4.0|This episode further challenges my early doubts about this series. The comedy-cum-tragedy tone no longer seems forced or hackneyed and the performances by the (quite large) cast are largely to credit for keeping the high-fantasy grounded. A certain pair of performances stands out most in this episode as being better-than-average: those by Frances Conroy and Alexandra Breckenridge as Moira the housekeeper. These actors have obviously agreed on Moira's mannerisms, vocal phrasing and emotive range and managed to remain consistent in their performances. It makes Moira's \\"glamour\\" trick mysteriously natural. On a final note - I'd have the same difficulty as Connie Britton's character \\"Vivien\\" choosing between Dylan McDermott and Morris Chestnut in my sexual fantasies. I can, however, definitely do without the man in the nylon gimp fetish wear.
0307595579|4.0|Ok, for the value of the set of books, I give this 5 stars.  The hardcover books are well-bound and at the price makes them a very good value.  For the first book in the trilogy, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, I rate it 4 stars.  some people have complained that the book starts slowly, but I did not have a problem with the first few chapters - they were setting the stage for things to come.  Once the mystery got underway, it was very good indeed.  The last 60 or so pages were a let down.  The mystery was already solved and the author was tying up loose ends and setting the stage for the second book, but it was ponderous and I found myself slogging through it rather than enjoying it.  But the middle part of the book was superb!  I read that Larsson died shortly before the books were published and he may not have had the services of a good editor.  The book could have been fantastic with some good editing and a bit of tightening up here and there.  As it was, it was a very good read.  Some reviewers here complained about clichs being used and gave one example of \\"grasping at straws\\", but I recall that being used 100 pages in and it was a part of dialogue.  If everyone in the book constantly spoke in clichs, that might be a problem, but for someone to speak of \\"grasping at straws\\" one time (and another character reflecting, later on, that she was right) is not a big deal. People occasionally use clichs in their speech and it was not some forced attempt at making this sound like a detective novel (IOW, it's not \\"Yeah. A little TOO quiet.\\")  I have read several Amazon reviews that said the second book was better than the first.  I am about 100 pages into it and so far, it is not terribly engaging, but it is a long book (499 pages), so I expect things to pick up.  I will add to this review (or comment on it if additions are not allowed) when i finish The Girl Who Played With Fire.
0060763280|5.0|I believe this book is for anyone that wishes for more money in their life and can't figure out why they don't have more.  It' a quick read that can have a significant impact on your life.
B005I6EU7U|2.0|It fits my K3 much better. It is very snug on the Fire but it seems to work. On the plus side, it's pretty.
B001HN6922|2.0|In cars I Mater provided comic relief against the backdrop of the melancholy abandoned/dying town, grumpy Doc, worried Sally. In Mater's tall tales it was a \\"let's be silly with Mater!\\" -- there was no pretense of substance. So this was like a story from Mater's Tall Tales stretched into a feature length film. The story line was silly at best, and incoherent at worst. But what's terrible is it's like someone said \\"wait...there's no substance...ok let's make something up and just throw it in even though it is a discordant note in the story line\\"  It was obnoxious, uninspired, and I'm very disappointed. Pixar -- if you're having trouble writing stories go ahead and call me.  I'll help you gratis to prevent another tragically missed opportunity. Very simple changes could have improved entertainment value by 1000%  The final nail: my toddler finds it boring.
B0053VKP8S|5.0|Great little product. Was nervous about how well it would work. No lag or any other issues. Very glad I purchased.Well worth the money!
B004LROMSO|1.0|Hellerrrr! This is absolutely horrendous. Forget the shallow storyline, forget the lack of cinematography, forget the shoddy acting skills...what is up with all that dirt in each scene? The only reason there was a waterfall scene was because there was so much dirt (retrieving the sword under the waterfall was a discretionary tactic).Bad 360. Period.I would say something else, but it would probably get deleted.
1419702238|2.0|That's was my reaction on reading this book. I enjoyed the first five, but this one was definitely a step back, not forward. No real plot, stupid situations, Greg afraid of Santa (in the middle school??), no pretty girls mentioned, no funny fights with Rodrick, many subplots from previous books were used again (breaking Grandma's lawn mover, trying to run a street fair, paying more instead of earning money for a job)... Just a sample of the author's logic: the family is starving and freezing for two days without even looking outside the window to realize that all other houses have electricity and without even checking the youngest kid in his room to realize that he is OK and has food and heat all right. How could it be? Nothing new and really funny.
B0025KVLUQ|5.0|Abbey Road's The Beatles final studio album, Let It Be was released after but it was earlier songs. This is their last original album and one of their best. It's one of their better efforts in my opinion. It has a more mature sound to it and it's less psychedelic. Sgt. Pepper was a good album but it was too psychedelic and it was very overrated. The Beatles reinvent themselves and change direction. It has some of their best songwriting to date. It has more diversity from harder rock to ballads. George Harrison does a lot of lead vocals and lyrics on several songs and he's the best in my opinion, so Abbey Road is one of their best albums.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use evernote all the time. It is on all of my devices and it the first thing that I bring up when I bring up any wep browser.
B005D9B26E|5.0|First of all I should qualify this: Quadrophenia is my all-time favorite Rock album by my favorite band. That being said, this release is a must-have for a Who fan.  The album itself has been remastered, and sounds great. It's a bit smoother and warmer yet brighter than the European remix/remaster from the 90's. This is a remaster of that remix, not from the original mix (as is the Deluxe Tommy). Anyone who considers themselves a serious Rock fan should get the 2 disc version of this package just to have the best sounding version of the album.  The 5.1 mix of selected songs sounds great (the DVD-Audio track; I haven't listened to the DVD-Video track yet), albeit not perfect. I suppose I should be happy to get any of it in 5.1, but I'd love to hear a 5.1 mix of Sea And Sand, The Punk And The Godfather, The Dirty Jobs and I'm One...for four. In all the drums are suitably thunderous, and the mix reveals much about the music. This mix reflects the original mix, as the vocals removed from The Real Me at 1:13 are back, and it sounds as if this isn't the original vocal at 1:10 but the rest of the song does. Odd, that. They have added some sound effects at the end of the song Quadrophenia, you can hear a car pull up with the song Anyway, Anyhow Anywhere on the radio, the door opens and shuts, then it drives away...followed by the sound of a Vespa driving away. There are a few flaws in the mix, for instance the electric guitar in I've Had Enough isn't as up-front as it should be, Love Reign O'er Me has too much reverb on Roger's voice making it sound too distant...also it would have been clever to have the four themes (in The Rock) move from the four speakers into the middle as the themes blend in the song. More than anything else, this begs for the release of the entire album in 5.1 with a few fixes.  The real treasures in this set are the demos and the book. Some of the demos have been released on the Scoops and others have been available on bootlegs, but this has severaltracks are unheard and quite revealing. The demo of We Close Tonight puts an end to the question of whether John Entwistle wrote it or not...clearly not if Pete made the demo! There are several songs not on the final album. The book has commentary about each demo, which reveals much about how the story started and morphed into the resulting album. The book also includes everything that was in the booklet included with the original album, the lyrics, a commentary about the album by Pete as well as a \\"studio diary\\" chronicling the recording sessions. I've only skimmed the book at this point, but it's got a lot of information I was unaware of.  It would have been nice, in this \\"ultimate\\" release, to have included the entire album in 5.1, a concert version (perhaps the King Biscuit concert which was promised to us but never released) and the \\"other\\" cuts by The Who for the album such as Joker James and Four Faces (both are here as demos). But I've been listening to this since I got it on Tuesday, and I'm happy enough with what we got.
B000J5XS3C|5.0|my mixer just arrived yesterday and its not working!!!i tried plugging in the power supply given but the mixer is still not on!! im so sad and frustrated. someone please help!!
B005OCFHHK|1.0|Nobody in their right mind should buy this. Seriously. If you don't have any of the HP films on Blu, go on Amazon.co.uk and buy the version from there. You get all 8 movies on Blu, same as this set, plus three extras discs that this set does *not* have, and it costs you about $30 less even AFTER shipping. You'll have to wait a few extra days to get it in your hands because they have to ship it overseas, but I think most people would probably rather wait than spend than the money.<br /><br />Okay, the UK box isn't quite as spiffy-looking (or maybe it's better, if you're into Daniel Radcliffe). Is a better box worth a $30 price premium? The UK 1-8 box set is undisputably a better version, and it costs significantly less. Warners, why are you trying to sell us this? Anybody with a half a brain sees right through you.<br /><br />**December 2012 edit**<br />This is STILL applicable advice, but in light of some of the comments I think I should clarify that I am ONLY talking about the Blu-rays, not the DVD set. The UK DVD set is Region 2 and will not work with most players in the US and Canada. Current price as of this edit is GBP 20.00, which works out to around $33 or so before shipping. Enjoy!
B005NFVZTM|5.0|I've watched all the X-Men movies and this is definitely the best. I rented it and watched it twice. I almost never do that but decided this movie was worth another watch during my rental time. I enjoyed it the 2nd time around as much as I enjoyed watching it the first time.<br /><br />Bottom line: Great effects, plot, action, & ending.
B005ZMUXDC|5.0|My four and five year olds still think this is their favorite movie. We saw it a year ago when it came out and my three year old at the time was a little scared but it was so compelling see couldn't look away. (Note, it was only \\"scary\\" because there was action, there's very little tension, even my daughter who thought the weeds in the Tinkerbell movie were too scarey does fine with this movie.) My wife and I enjoyed this and my parents did too. The characters are very believable, the animation and directing were top notch. All my youngest wanted for her birthday were Rapunzel dolls because of this movie, and it'd been nine months since she actually watched the movie.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|Disc: 1<br />1. Want You Back<br />2. ABC  Listen<br />3. I'll Be There<br />4. Got To Be There<br />5. I Wanna Be Where You Are<br />6. Ben<br />7. Dancing Machine- Single Version<br />8. Enjoy Yourself- The Jacksons<br />9. Ease On Down The Road<br />10. You Can't Win<br />11. Shake Your Body (Down To The Ground)- Single Edit<br />12. Shake Your Body (Down To The Ground)- Early Demo<br />13. Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough<br />14. Rock With You<br />15. Off The Wall<br />16. She's Out Of My Life<br />17. Sunset Driver- Demo<br />18. Lovely One- The Jacksons<br />19. This Place Hotel- The Jacksons<br />Disc: 2<br />1. Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'<br />2. The Girl Is Mine- Michael Jackson (With Paul Mccartney)<br />3. Thriller<br />4. Beat It<br />5. Billie Jean<br />6. P.Y.T. (Pretty Young Thing)- Demo Version<br />7. Someone In The Dark  Listen<br />8. State Of Shock- The Jacksons<br />9. Scared Of The Moon<br />10. We Are The World<br />11. We Are Here To Change The World<br />Disc: 3<br />1. Bad  Listen<br />2. The Way You Make Me Feel<br />3. Man In The Mirror<br />4. I Just Can't Stop Loving You- Michael Jackson,Siedah Garrett<br />5. Dirty Diana<br />6. Smooth Criminal<br />7. Cheater<br />8. Dangerous- Early Version<br />9. Monkey Business<br />10. Jam<br />11. Remember The Time<br />12. Black Or White<br />13. Who Is It<br />14. Someone Put Your Hand Out<br />Disc: 4<br />1. You Are Not Alone<br />2. Stranger In Moscow<br />3. Childhood (Theme From \\"Free Willy 2\\")<br />4. On The Line<br />5. Blood On The Dance Floor<br />6. Fall Again<br />7. In The Back<br />8. Unbreakable<br />9. You Rock My World with intro<br />10. Butterflies<br />11. Beautiful Girl<br />12. The Way You Love Me<br />13. We've Had Enough<br />Disc: 5<br />1. Jam- Live Video<br />2. Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'- Live Video<br />3. Human Nature- Live Video<br />4. Smooth Criminal- Live Video<br />5. I Just Can't Stop Loving You- Live Video<br />6. She's Out Of My Life- Live Video<br />7. IWant You Back- Live Video<br />8. I'll Be There- Live Video<br />9. Thriller- Live Video<br />10. Billie Jean- Live Video<br />11. Working Day And Night- Live Video<br />12. Beat It- Live Video<br />13. Will You Be There- Live Video<br />14. Black Or White- Live Video<br />15. Heal The World- Live Video<br />16. Man In The Mirror- Live Video<br />That's 14 completely brand new tracks never heard before and 8 that were previously very hard to come by. These 22 tracks alone make this set worth the purchase for any fan of Michael Jackson. It's surprising that these demos and completed songs were never released until this came out. I'd love to hear alot more of Michael Jackson's unreleased music. This is the best collection I have ever purchased.<br /><br />No matter if you only have one or two MJ CDs, are a big fan or just discovered this man's talent, this is the set you should buy. Sony did an great job with this. I am excited to hear more of Micheal's unreleased demo songs. :)
B004RKXHZY|4.0|The cover:<br /><br />Isn't it just cute and sweet?? Well, so is the story behind it :)<br /><br />The storyline:<br /><br />After reading Anna and the French Kiss, I couldn't wait much and started reading this one the next day.<br />I don't know if I expected too much, but it didn't level up to my expectations. I loved Anna and the French Kiss and I was expecting the same kind of writing and humor. I didn't find it :(. It was mostly a long story with boring moments. The only times I laughed were when St. Clair showed up, and I was so HAPPY!!, and at the end, the few last chapters.<br /><br />I'm a fan of Stephanie's writing and how she describes every character and their personalities.<br /><br />I like Cricket, I think he's super nice and cute and funny. He has a strong personality and loves his sister, Caliope.<br />Lola is whom I dislike, I know she's been through a lot, but seriously, loosing her virginity with someone who was older and at a young age?? It was stupid.<br /><br />The conclusion:<br /><br />When you start reading a book and you find yourself unable to put it down no matter how late it is at night, that's when you know the book means something to you, and that it's getting 4 stars or more!<br />It has been a delighted read and I'm really into it ^____^
B005B0QYMM|1.0|Bought grave encounters off amazon, it will not play on my dvd as its wrong region code.. Not happy as this was not on details on website. I'm now stuck with a dvd I cannot watch...I rate this no stars as I can't watch it.....
B005JLN9ZI|3.0|I love Drake as an artist incredible talent I would have gave his first album a mic short of a classic. I was really looking forward to this album and after listen to it this is my opinion it was a let down. There's seventeen tracks only five tracks to me are great. The album is more towards R&B and the songs are straight boring. I was feeling drowsy listen to Drake complain about falling for hoes time after time the subject matter doesn't change as much. I'm going to keep it 100 Singing about the hard times of dating over trapping doesn't make you realer or the better person. There's politics, poverty, or just artistic creativity take notes from Outkast to do songs about. Most of the rapping on this album is balla talk with average rhymes not over the top. I really do like the song he did with wayne hell yea, the song he did about his parents was classic, marvin room is good, and the song he did with nicki was great, and Andre 3000 clearly save one of his song. Overall I would have gave this album 3 mics production so so, creativity average, rhymes pretty average didn't go the distance he played it comfortable in his zone. I'm a drake fan but this was an average album sorry.
1600597963|5.0|First let me say I know the author personally and have a piece represented in her book.  She is an exceptionally talented master bead designer and artist who also must be recognized for her astounding ability to write and illustrate the most comprehensive and well organized bead books I have ever seen.  Before I met her, I started using her first book \\"Beading with Cabochons\\" to guide me in the techniques I used in my pieces and I still refer to it often as a primary resource.  I find that the books she writes are written with such clear instructions that anyone can follow easily to learn without frustration.  This book is versatile in that it can be easily followed by the most beginning bead artist and yet contains original resource material that the most advanced bead artists can learn from.  The many photographs in this book not only help with the ability for the beader to follow instructions but also serve as a great source of inspiration.  I have seen many of the pieces in person and must say not only are they stunning and well-made but they attest to her ability to design in a multitude of genre and styles, a strength many master bead artists lack.  I predict this book will become one Amazon's longest running, if not THE longest running bead books they will ever sell.  Keep an eye on this author... she will help advance the art of beading to a level we have not yet seen and we'll see more exceptionally talented things from her.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|i absolutely love my app but wvery once in awhile i have to reinstall cuz somehow for some reason my phone wil say that it's not installed in my cell..it can get frustrating but it is definitely worth the little problems.
0375714839|5.0|'Persepolis' came in perfect condition in a very short amount of time.  I would definitely order again through this sender. This book is an awesome read and helps make a very complicated and controversial subject digestible.  It lends itself to many interesting conversations about revolution, identity, women's rights, and nationalism.
B002I0J5FG|4.0|The graphics are great and the gameplay is fun overall!  I can't wait for their next game, The Last Guardian!
B004LUS390|5.0|this is a great app. people who get stuff free and cheap always are classy people. we just have a bunch of wally mart shoppers here. nobody is ever happy. they always want something for nothing. this is a great app and has awesome functions. it is hard to use and has many features. I will have to spend some time.. I don't get people bad review cuz its to complex bad review cuz no options. stay home and develop your own apps or shut up. thanks dev sorry for this but I can't hold it in anymore, great app and very fun... keep up great work.
B005JLN9ZI|1.0|Drake is giving Kayne West a run for being one of the most overrated MC's ever well  throw Jay Z and Lil Wayne in there as well, you get the point. all the hype and another sad predictable album. Drake's style of hip-hop is like the kind of sleepy time music i hear coming out of a  Starbuck's and for the record unless somebody else is buying it, I ain't dranking nothing at no starbucks.  Drake's flow is slow and dull and his subject matter is corny and tired.  alot of loot is spent on dude and i wonder where the results are? at best the production saves him, but at its worst it is dull and boring. this turkey's  music is as flAVORful  as  Exlax.
B0056BMK6K|3.0|This book was ok.  It had a few good ideas on how to sell more books. It was not bad.  I wish it had a step by step plan on how to sell more ebooks.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|THIS GAME IS VERY CHALLENGING AND THE BEST THING ABOUT THE BIRDS IS THAT I GET BETTER EVERY TIME I PLAY IT.
B002MQYOFW|2.0|A reasonably interesting premise for post apocolyptic scifi, but beyond that interesting and Hunger Games part ways.  It is impossible to suspend one's disbelief for more than a few pages.  Each time you think you might, Ms. Collins brings you back to that \\"why am I still reading this\\" feeling.  This book is billed as a great scifi, but I think it is most appropriate for 12 and under girls.  Like a version of \\"Running Man\\" for children.  All these 5 star reviews must be children or Suzane Collins has a lot of friends.
B005K17RU0|3.0|This weather app does all the basic functions. It's designed for a smart-phone size screen so it feels a little awkward on the Kindle Fire. There's probably better weather apps out there, but you could live with this one - it's just not a must have recommendation.
0486266885|4.0|One of those stories that you know the gist of, but don't know where it came from. Or, like me, you associate it with the old Bugs Bunny episode -- which in fact captures some essential details of the story. Worth reading and re-reading; the more you read it the deeper you'll follow it into the depths of human nature. The creepy part of nature. The places in the basement you usually avoid because of the darkness and rats and monsters.
B005D9MUWY|2.0|Has saved me a lot of time typing out texts and emails. However after the most recent update on 11/18, my thunderbolt will not switch to it. Says it's selected and all my data is still there so what happened? Fix it and back to 5 stars.
B000FC1AGG|4.0|This book got me hooked! I started it a couple of weeks ago, and read a little bit, but got busy and had to put it down. I picked it back up last night and the story transported me. I feel like as hard as we try, it is human nature to keep some secrets from the people around you! I saw my life through her eyes, and I lived vicariously through the main character! I could not put this book down! I actually ended up staying up until 4 in the morning just to finish this and find out what happens at the end! I encourage everyone to read this book!!
B002SJKWZ4|5.0|As a diehard Harry Potter fan and avid wand user, this is probably the best purchase I have ever made. It is so easy to use and the directions are clear and straight forward. I love impressing my friend with the simple \\"swish and flick\\" to turn on my electronics. I have never had this much fun with such an amazingly clever idea.
0937381888|4.0|Its a good reading with lots of descriptions of dos and donts of homebrewing, but the author is very versatile on the subject and tells a little of the science behind each step (this can be a little boring). Its not just a recipe kind of book. I feel confident to make my first batch and with luck, designing some beers too.
B005K17RU0|1.0|Did not work on my Kindle Fire&hellip;able to type in location, then just black screen! Back to using TWC app.
B004GYY714|5.0|Brit in the Us. Very happy to find I can listen to all my fave London radio stations on my Kindle Fire :--)
B005LY4B0A|5.0|A fun tic tac toe like game that is challenging and fun.  I appreciate the hint feature too.  Looking forward to more levels!
B00006HBUA|1.0|My title and rating are the short version of my opinion of the film. If you want to find out the specific reasons why, read on. If not, go get yourself a Scooby Snack. On second thought, get a Scooby Snack anyway.<br />As the movie starts, the gang is busy catching another spook-business as usual in other words. However, disagreement about division of credit produces an angry shouting match between Fred, Daphne, and Velma and the members of the gang go their separate ways. Then a call from an amusement park director with a spooky problem brings them all to the same place-and back together as they solve the mystery to save those involved, and themselves.<br />One of the things I generally dislike about remakes is the tendency of the directors to 'update' things, thus changing the original story drastically and often horribly. In the story, it is especially evident in the characters of Fred and Daphne.<br />In the original cartoon, Fred comes across as at least as in intelligent as a normal person (despite his famous traps). He is able to laugh at his own mistakes and in spite of his constant use of Shaggy and Scooby as bait,Fred will rescue them if they get into serious trouble. In short, he is the type of man you might be very pleased if your daughter brought home (his involving her in mysteries aside). But in recent remakes, it seems the fashion to portray Fred as an idiot, and in this case, he is also unbearably conceited and missing the gentlemanly silence on sexual matters of his cartoon counterpart. It is an unnecessary assault on the character, to my mind, and one that destroys part of the good-humored carefree-ness of the original series.<br />The second character to be deconstructed is Daphne. Daphne is famous as the damsel-in-distress of Mystery Inc. (and with some reason). I am not sure she is stupid or entirely helpless, but she is danger-prone. In this film, the makers decided to feminist-ize her character. This upgrade seems to wreak havoc with the story. For one thing, it seems to go along with dumbing down the male characters, which seems to me to violate the ideal of gender equality Also, it happens all at once. Now, before you accuse me of chauvinism, let me point out that a male character also cannot be elevated suddenly to prominence without upsetting matters-the infamous Wesley Crusher, for instance. If change occurs, it must be done carefully, or the other characters will be steamrollered by their counterpart.<br />While I am referring to the faults, I felt the later scenes drew too close to black magic for viewing. In the original stories, the villain was always a non-supernatural person, who the gang inevitably captured and unmasked. This story seems to plunge into the world of black magic, and I believe it is inappropriate for viewing, even in the context of a villain's plotting.<br />In conclusion, the basic reason I disliked this film comes down to six words-what was changed from the series. This may sound like the ravings of a die-hard fan to you, but I believe the story, with its decent heroes and kid-friendly plots, was changed for the worst. The very identity of the world seemed changed. In short, to return to my title, I found myself consistently wondering, \\"Scooby Doo, where are you?\\"ng, it seems to go along with dumbing down the male characters, which seems to me to violate the ideal of gender equality Also, it happens all at once. Now, before you accuse me of chauvinism, let me point out that a male character also cannot be elevated suddenly to prominence without upsetting matters-the infamous Wesley Crusher, for instance. If change occurs, it must be done carefully, or the other characters will be steamrollered by their counterpart.   While I am referring to the faults, I felt the later scenes drew too close to black magic for viewing. In the original stories, the villain was always a non-supernatural person, who the gang inevitably captured and unmasked. This story seems to plunge into the world of black magic, and I believe it is inappropriate for viewing, even in the context of a villain's plotting.  In conclusion, the basic reason I disliked this film comes down to six words-what was changed from the series. This may sound like the ravings of a die-hard fan to you, but I believe the story, with its decent heroes and kid-friendly plots, was changed for the worst. The very identity of the world seemed changed. In short, to return to my title, I found myself consistently wondering, \\"Scooby Doo, where are you?\\"
1466208686|5.0|Should I buy this book for Interview Preparations ?  Short answer - Yes.  There are already many good reviews before this one, so if you are reading this, I would suggest don't waste your time and just buy this book. If you are preparing for companies such as Amazon/Apple/Facebook/Google/Microsoft, you should definitely go through this book. The quality of this edition is unparalled. It shows how much effort the author (Gayle) has put into this book. I specially like the runnable code she has provided alongwith the book to download and play with.  Did I get benefit out of it ?  Yes. I read this book for 2-3 weeks and in very first interview opportunity with one of these companies listed above, got the offer.   Did I absorb everything discussed in the book ?  No. Although I did read 80% of the book, i still feel if I had a bit free time could have absorbed the contents discussed a bit better. So what I mean to say is I am still going to use this book to make myself better (not just for interviews). You can definitely use this book even after you get your dream job (as a reference). Lots of good ideas discussed which may help you in your day to job as well.
B005POK858|5.0|I going to keep it very short, if you are a fan of &quot;Old-School&quot; RPG this is a throwback! Is awesome the translation is good, the graphics are GBA-era which is awesome! Gameplay has a good flow to it.<br /><br />IT IS A AWESOME LITTLE RPG! ENJOY IT!
B005DOKIYG|5.0|Having owned both a Kindle 2 and a Kindle Keyboard 3g, I have learned that my preference when reading is to read it \\"naked\\". I don't want the added weight or bulk of a case to hold. That being said, I do want a case so I can throw them into a purse or bag and feel like the device is being protected. I have gone with a sleeve for both those devices and that is what I purchased for the Kindle Fire.<br /><br />This case is made well, it's easy to get the Kindle Fire in and out, and the Kindle Fire fits snuggly into it. It meets all my expectations and I am pleased. I noticed other reviewers commented on the smell -- there was a faint odor when mine first arrived, but I left it out overnight to air and the odor was gone in the morning. Almost any case designed to hold electronics seems to have a smell and this one is mild compared to most. I also am not jumping up and down about the $30 cost but it's in the range of what I have paid previously and is consistent with most competitor's products. Wish it were less, but I don't see anything else that is equal but cheaper.<br /><br />Overall, I am very pleased with the product and happy that my device is protected when it needs to be and easy to slide out when I want to use it.
B0058VW36U|5.0|The graphics are great on the Kindle Fire. Very addicting. One of the better apps for $0.99. No problems at all
B00466HN86|5.0|Saw this with my kids and laughed, cried, and appreciated every moment like every other reviewer.  Best part for me was when my almost-14 year old son posted on Facebook that this was the all-time best movie he's ever seen and that it's a must-see for all his friends.  My 10-year old daughter asks me to play track 1 \\"Courageous\\" and track 2 \\"When we're together\\" every single day to and from school.  The CD is great with a terrific compliation of contemporaty music, and not sure we can hold out until the DVD is released as we are very anxious to see again.  We have also watched Facing the Giants over and over.  To the producers, please keep making movies like this and we will come, and buy, and do our best to apply every day.
B000FBJAOG|5.0|I find this book fascinating because it's so well thought out. It's obvious the author knows what he's doing. The book is written out like a real manual, illustrations and all, and it actually makes sense logically to the point that if the zombie apocalypse did happen, this book could actually save your life.  This manual describes how to survive and even thrive in the event of the inevitable zombie apocalypse. It lists the different ways the dead could begin to walk and how to prolong a zombie-free world. It describes the weaknesses of the living dead and how to exploit them. It lists weapons to be considered when foghting off zombies based on usefulness, availability, and upkeep. It gives clear instructions on how to protect your house from mobs of moaning ghouls, and what other places should be considered when deciding where to take up residence. It shows you what to do to prepare for the end of the world beforehand, and what to do if if you find yourself alive but unequipped. It explains zombie psychology and how to avoid attracting them. It puts some widespread rumors to rest, like that chainsaws and flamethrowers are some pretty neat ideas. In all, it teaches you to not panic, think carefully, and kick some zombie ass.
0061537969|4.0|I read this book as a book club selection.  I loved the dog, Enzo, and his philosophies of life.  Since I'm not a racing fan, some of the descriptions of racing and race car drivers seemed a little long and boring.  However, the beautiful relationship that Enzo has with family members make this book a winner.  Hooray for Denny, the main character and Enzo's owner, for never giving up on his family.  Loved the surprise at the end.
B000NH7SZ0|5.0|Great price from Kingston. I was surprised to see the wide variation in price for such a memory module.  The product arrived on time.  Make sure that the DIMM is seated-in well in its bay before you tilt it to its vertical position (Thanks, Thomas Lee). Otherwise, the printer appears to freeze with no hint on the display.  I still have difficulty in printing a certain PDF document (which I attributed to factory low printer memory of 128MB before I installed the additional 256MB DIMM). I continue to get the 'Job Too Complex' message.  The same document saved as JPEG and imbedded in MS Word prints just fine.  I wonder if this has something to do with the way my job is sent to the printer -- spooling vs direct printing, etc.
B004T4LUPW|2.0|I bought this app because it was one of the few calendars that was suppose to work with kindle fire, it dosen't.  It loaded ok but the sync process dosen't work properly puts things on dates where they don't go.
6305428042|5.0|The movie was brand new like it said and was in great quality.  It came very fast after I ordered it. I plan on ordering other movies from Amazon. They have all been great quality!
B005ZTFPFQ|3.0|Good emulation, however, the controls suck. For missle command you have an awkward direction control. But its free and works on my Kindle Fire.
B003UD7JEO|5.0|This is one of the best shows i've seen in years. After the first episode i was hooked and with each new episode is a new adventure and a new twist. I strongly recommend that everyone give this series a shot. You wont be disappointed.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Just thought I'd add my two cents in. I put off reading this book for a long time because I didn't want to fall into another fad, but I have to tell you, if you haven't read this book, you're missing out! It was engaging, fantastic, brutal, haunting and just plain fascinating! I read the whole trilogy in a week, and it haunted me for weeks. Loved, loved, loved it!
B004TMPJP6|1.0|how could the designers forget the return key for kindle fire? this is as basic as it comes. this app is useless for the fire until they fix that. too bad because otherwise this is one of the best apps out there.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game has been purchased for several platforms and is very enjoyable with a lot of options. It was bought as a download so was there when I needed it. Would recommend as a time waster when needed.
B005LJK3AC|5.0|Definitely LOL funny if you're into this type of insanely ridiculous comedy. Enjoyed the irony of B-list actors having A-list actors for horrible bosses and trying to knock them off. Good stuff.
0547258305|3.0|Rating this book was frustrating, as I wavered between three and four stars most of it. So I guess this is technically a three-and-a-half star review, as it didn't quite make it into four-star territory.<br /><br />To get into specifics: I liked the characters a lot. Katsa, the main character, could be a little moody, but I didn't find her mood swings terribly unrealistic; she's a teenager, after all, and one of the joys (or curses) of teenagerhood is that heightened sense of emotion and drama. Occasionally she could be annoyingly angsty, but her fierceness and independence were both excellent character traits, and her voice was strong enough to overcome that tendency. Similarly, I liked her love interest, Po - he had that quiet confidence, maturity and intelligence that so few fictional men do (and that is far more attractive than any number of rippling abs). The other characters were similarly authentic-feeling: Bitterblue, the girl forced to do a lot of growing up in a short time, and Raffin, the (possibly gay?) heir-to-one-kingdom mostly interested in brewing medicines, both felt like people I'd like very much to get to know. And the villains weren't bad either; the petty king who relied on emotional manipulation to keep control over his subjects felt very much like a real person, and the major villain was in many ways an extension of his personality type.<br /><br />Unfortunately, likable characters and a good premise are only parts of a story; equally important is good writing, and it is here that Graceling often falls down on the job. Some bits of the story are very well-told, but other parts feel very much like an outline; the author had a bad case of the \\"tell, don't show\\" bug. Normally this wouldn't bother me so much (I just wouldn't have finished the story), but in this case I liked the characters enough that I was practically howling \\"No! Don't tell me what happened! Show me! When did Katsa decide to do that? What's going on with Po? I want to see these moments!\\"<br /><br />Ms. Cashore? Next time you get tired of writing and tempted to just sum things up, email me. I'll be happy to write these scenes for you.re? Next time you get tired of writing and tempted to just sum things up, email me. I'll be happy to write these scenes for you.
0385738773|5.0|When I read a book, it travels with me. Not physically, but in my thoughts afterward. I'll catch myself thinking about the characters, or what's going to happen next if there is going to be another book. Several of my favorite books have concluded, so I was glad that I still had the Maze Runner trilogy to think about. But now it's over.<br /><br />The trilogy contained so many twists and turns, and such amazing moments! I feel as if Dashner did his best to ensure that readers felt like they were one of the Gladers. I found myself feeling massive amounts of mistrust towards people that I've never met! This mistrust was built up over time, but their arguments were still so convincing and...necessary...that I too wanted to give in and believe them. Even after I finished, I felt a lingering feeling of doubt. This book really makes you paranoid and skeptical about everything you're told in it. This, let me tell you, makes for a very wild read.<br /><br />By this point we've been with these characters for a while. Though there are only 2 main characters, I felt as if there were more. I was affected greatly while reading this book when some certain characters died. While one is expected, the other is a huge surprise. I became attached to most of the characters along the way, and after seeing so many die, I found myself grasping on harder.<br /><br />Overall I think that this trilogy was simply amazing. They never lacked in action, mysteries, surprises, or conspiracies. The ending might have been a bit too perfect, but they deserved it after all that they have been through. I would recommend this book along with the two preceding it to anyone who loves dystopian novels or just someone in the mood for a literary adventure.<br /><br />[...]
B004T0E2S8|5.0|This is my favorite and most used app. I love it. I consider myself a beginner to intermediate guitar player and I'm able to play every song I look up. There are so many songs that are tabbed, so the chances of not finding a song you want to play are slim to none. Another plus is that it shows how to play the chords if you're not sure how it's supposed to be played. This app has showed me that playing the guitar is not impossible, but it's no cakewalk either. It takes lots of practice and pain (until your fingers harden). If you love listening to music and play the guitar, this app is for you. Well worth the 3 bucks.
B0034G4P94|5.0|My thoughts after watching this movie first singles out Nick Nolte. There are successful and bankable actors whose careers began as good looking leading men with roles that showcased their looks. Few have evolved as actors that portrayed characters and roles that were both complex, subtle and somewhat contrary to their previous persona. I recognized this of Nick Nolte with his role in Clean, portraying a character and role that was complex with a understated presence while holding the story together.  Many may want to compare this movie to Rocky or numerous similar type movies that play on our emotions of the main character, obvious underdog, unknown and rising against adversity, succeeds and defeats the obvious bad guy at the end. Fairly simplistic supported by a few obvious subplots cranking up the adversity or evil character of the central bad guy figure. Warrior was able to transcend the Rocky like level by offering complex subplots that seemed initially disconnected until they weaved together as the movie progressed.   The two main characters portrayed as fighters made me think ' where did they find professional fighters with noteworthy acting ability'.  Many action/fighter lead actors may come from pro wrestling, portrayed as being a real sport, not unlike reality tv, being scripted, over the top and genuine to those that can suspend their grasp of believability while viewing. Both Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton who portrayal of the two fighters can only be called exceptional by bringing  believability and complexity to their characters.  The writing, direction, art direction and production were exceptional by weaving together a movie that was both cerebral and emotional and most important, highly entertaining.
B004EPZ0AM|3.0|-Warning: this review is laden with spoilers-<br /><br />Somewhere around the 30 minute mark of Happy Feet Two, there's a scene where Gloria, played by Alecia \\"Pink\\" Moore in lieu of the late Brittany Murphy, sings to her scared baby penguin named Erik a song called \\"Bridge of Light\\", while he appears trapped on an upper glacier. The lyrics seem to be a hippie anthem about how all you need is love, and how if the world had everyone love each other, and... Well, that, the world wouldn't be a so bad place, like, ya know? At that point, their peace and love causes the northern lights to start. This is where the first thing that popped up in my mind was \\"people who thought the first movie was too preachy should best steer clear of THIS.\\"<br /><br />It only seemed possible from the success of the first movie that a sequel would be released. I mean, after all, despite the fact that it left audiences divided, it became popular and made tons of bucks at the box office. And since Brittany Murphy died, things further went to hell for this sequel. Despite all that... It managed to get made and released... And not much else.<br /><br />I'll admit I loved the first movie. I can understand why it would divide audiences- not everyone favours a global warming message, but I liked it, it had great music, it was super cute, and I absolutely loved it.I was in favour of the inevitable sequel that followed. Tonight I finally saw the sequel... And, it was a mess.<br /><br />If anything, the best way to describe this movie would be rushed. I still find it hard to believe that this movie took 5 years to make... This kind of \\"plot\\" could have been scraped up in a week, not even, for me. I feel as if they probably felt rushed to find a Brittany Murphy replacement and go from there, to rush the film out.<br /><br />However, there is a fair amount to love in this film. Obviously, I did give the movie a 5/10, so there's a lot to love, right? For one, the charming look is still here. The look has vastly improved from the first movie evidently. The animation looks far better, and the IMAX 3D complimented the graphics perfectly. Every single flake of snow, hair, drop of water can be seen, it's absolutely amazing. In addition, the voice work is admirable too- Matt Damon and Brad Pitt as the skrill, Robin Williams as Lovelace, Hank Azaria as Sven (probably the highlight of the film), Elijah Wood as Mumble, etc.<br /><br />There are a lot of funny moments in the film too, I won't lie. I loved the brief shout outs to the first movie, as well as the \\"Loney Goatherd\\" yodel to scare the birds away. I will also admit, I LOVED Under Pressure, it was AMAZING. and how it was in tune to the snow falling, was even greater.<br /><br />However, unfortunately it isn't enough to make up for... Um... The rest of this movie.<br /><br />No memorable numbers except for Under Pressure. The first movie had Boogie Wonderland and Somebody to Love. Those were awesome! And all the worse is that it starts off so well with the medley. It makes you believe the film will be just as good as the first. Too bad the film scraps that promise right away.<br /><br />What was the plot?! The movie can't even decide what it was about, which is even bad in the first 40 minutes. At first you think it's going to be a story along the same lines of the first movie, about a youngling in search of his inner dance. Then all of a sudden... It's about global warming... Oh, wait, we must introduce Sven, the flying penguin! Oh, now were trapped in their home land! And the skrill! Who were they and why were they in the movie?! They had no point at all!!!<br /><br />...which marks the perfect point to segue into the film's biggest issue: the movie moves at such a glacial pace (no pun intended), since 3/4 of the film are set in the homeland. This made the movie feel longer than it was, for reasons I cannot put my finger on. I mean, global warming is an issue that is important to be touched upon. However, the filmjust stays there, and it doesn't work. It ruins what could been a great film.<br /><br />In short, I wish I could love this movie. But... There's too much of too little. Whereas the first movie was a marvel in terms of everything, this film is cute and... cute. I love cute things. I need more than just cute, though. I need enjoyability to go with it. And while this film isn't bad at all, I can't recommend it, for reasons stated above.<br /><br />OVERALL: 5/10<br /><br />THE GOOD: Gorgeously rendered and animated, Happy Feet Two stays cute and delivers on the dancing and cuteness.<br /><br />THE BAD: Cuteness can't make up for its indecisive screenplay, lack of memorable numbers and characters void of emotional connectability.I could love this movie. But... There's too much of too little. Whereas the first movie was a marvel in terms of everything, this film is cute and... cute. I love cute things. I need more than just cute, though. I need enjoyability to go with it. And while this film isn't bad at all, I can't recommend it, for reasons stated above.  OVERALL: 5/10  THE GOOD: Gorgeously rendered and animated, Happy Feet Two stays cute and delivers on the dancing and cuteness.  THE BAD: Cuteness can't make up for its indecisive screenplay, lack of memorable numbers and characters void of emotional connectability.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|ok so love the soundtrack this one is good and well worth it in the movie you would think they would play some of these songs at better moments but they didnt and some are where you would think they would be but others... not so much my favs are all of them to be honest i love the sound track it might be my fav out of all of them but then again the last book is the best too or should i say book 1 of the 2 part book i could be just caught up with the new soundtrack but i rarely find myself playing all of the other cd's threw and this 1 i just let it play threw as where others i just skip a few here and there.
0671449028|5.0|My 11 month old loves this book. Since he was very young, even 3 months old, he would stay still to read this book. He is an active baby, and often wiggles away from me when I'm reading to him unless it is a book that really captivates him. Sandra Boynton is great. We have 7 of her book
B002BWP49C|5.0|Just saw it at the movies it was awesome very happy i seen it but a little bit disappointed with the movie it was good dont get me wrong but i thought this 1 was more sci-fi than anything thats just my opinion all though the series is sci-fi but still and i thought that with a big budgit they could have did better cgi or grafics in that case with the wolves bella looks wonderfull in the movie and all the elements are there just lacking and not staying focused on the books it was more of what did the person who wrote the script was thinking or the director but its somewhat close to the books but is also far fetched if you ask me by far of the twilight movies the rest of this review is going to have spoilers so please do not read if you dont want to know!!!! It starts off with the wedding right away which is fairly short if you ask me then of course the trip to isle esme which is even shorter then the honey moon the sex scenes were not that explicit like some say i thought it was ok though for my taste but happens way to fast and there not in the book so its a bonus for us who do value the movies then it goes onto him trying to keep her occupied which they dont show much of maybe a minute or 2? then goes on to her finding out she is preggers then they make there way back home. then it goes to jacob finding out she is back and he finds out she is pregs. then its just him and the cullens trying to save her and keep the peace pretty much there are a few fight scenes in it and then of course she has the baby and jacob thinks she is dead and goes back to kill it then imprints on renesmee the wolves do squat and leave them alone then bella members all her time with her family and new family then she wakes up and its over so not much just wanted to give you a little info without giving to much away if you havent seen it yet.
1408800489|4.0|I enjoyed this book[[ASIN:0385341008 The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society]]<br />I really enjoyed this book.  I found it took me about 10-15 pages to get into it, not becuase it was difficult but just to feel absorbed.  It is a real page-turner, you just go onto the next letter, the next and so on.  A mix of the quite mundane and more serious matters and sometimes these were just alluded to, so a more serious research into the facts used as a background to the story is warranted.  A little superficial in places, but overall a good read and a satisfactory ending.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|great time waster. some weird mechanics with mirrors that don't always do the same thing depending on which laser hit it first. can't wait to see more levels and what these guys do next
B0014JLYPQ|5.0|Just got a pair of these! Comfortable for someone who stands on their feet all day in a slick kitchen! Love them! Would highly recommend them to anyone looking for affordable kitchen shoes.
B003Y8YXFS|1.0|I would have loved to listen--I take care of a sick aunt and have not been able to address the fact--that I opened the package and no CD IN THE PACKAGE--I AM SENDING IT BACK THIS WEEK THANKS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO LET YOU KNOW:)  JUST WANT MY MONEY BACK THANKS
0743454537|4.0|Despite the warning of many fellow readers that this novel is too \\"depressing,\\" or not worth reading, I was intrigued by the subject matter and finally decided to give it a try. To tell the truth, I found it to be, for the most part, both engrossing and entertaining. The \\"comic relief\\" provided by Campbell the lawyer's perspective gives a welcome balance to the heart-wrenching agony the various members of the Fitzgerald family must endure.<br /><br />There are a couple of concerns other reviewers have expressed, however, that I tend to agree with. It bothered me also that the crushing financial burden Kate's constant care must surely have placed on the family never seemed to be an issue, despite the fact that they were obviously not well-to-do. My other concern is with the ending, which I felt came too abruptly, and which struck me as unrealistic. Overall, I would still recommend the book for its brutally honest treatment of an extremely difficult subject.
B005HJWWW8|5.0|So I decided to get an E6 because my E5 arrived in a bad condition and since it was metal I didn't want to have it in the same pocket as my phone. The E6 is basically the same amplifier as the E5, except that it is made of plastic instead of metal, you can remove the clip now, and there are more EQ settings.<br /><br />In order to use my Ultrasone PRO 550's with my phone it requires an amplifier or else the volume will not be very high. When paired with this amp, the volume can go pretty high, and the bass response is slightly improved when using the bass EQ setting. The battery life is 6-12 hours, depending on how you use it. A general user should get around 10 hours out of it. It recharges quite fast as well.<br /><br />I also use it with my Xbox 360 in order to hook up mu headphones. It sounds great and serves as a great amplifier for this as well.<br /><br />Overall for the price this is a 5/5 product.
B000HT2P9S|3.0|American Gods is one of the more bizarre books I have read. Having just finished this book, I'm not really sure whether I enjoyed it or not. Based on the premise that a god survives as long as they are remembered and worshipped, there are numerous twists and turns as old mythological gods fight to survive against new gods. The story line was hard to follow at times, but intriguing enough that it kept dragging me back for more.
B0000AQS0F|3.0|The show is 5 stars but the received DVD set is 1 star due to missing Disc Two and instead having TWO Disc Threes. A shame.
B005JZBP8W|1.0|Just watched the Blu-ray edition of My Fair Lady on a 60\\" HDTV.  It looked horrible.  Out of focus around the edges, with a disturbing color shift.  I then watched part of the film on a twelve-foot wide screen, with a HD video projector providing the image--the same disappointing result--even worse with the larger image.  This is an extremely poor transfer of Warner's crown jewel.  IT IS SO SAD THAT THE RIGHTS BELONG TO CBS, WHO OBVIOUSLY DID NOT CARE ABOUT THE TRANSFER OF THIS GREAT FILM.  If Warner Brothers did the transfer to Blu-ray, \\"My Fair Lady\\" would most likely have looked as great as their other recent outstanding work such as \\"Casablanca\\", \\"The Wizard of Oz\\", or \\"Gone With the Wind\\".  Twentieth Century Fox did a fantastic job with their Blu-ray edition of \\"The Sound of Music\\".  I was expecting \\"My Fair Lady\\" to look as good as \\"The Sound of Music\\". This was a huge disappointment.  I WILL NOT PURCHASE ANY OTHER CBS/PARAMOUNT TITLES IN THE FUTURE. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS TITLE! (PLEASE UNDERSTAND THAT THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE FILM TRANSFER, AND NOT THE MOVIE).  THE MOVIE DESERVES FIVE STARS!!!
B004EBT5CU|4.0|Not having heard a lot of Adele I took a punt because I liked her 'style'. Mostly because it was not like the many other female performers her age...all doing the same stuff..boring and not my taste. I was pleased to find that my punt was a good one. This is great album..even for us oldies (over 40s!) Her music is beyond her years and very addictive....love it!. I am a new fan! Dont change a thing!
1401216676|5.0|I first want to say that this is most certainly not for children.  It is violent and somewhat contains a disturbing look at the Joker and some of his actions.<br /><br />I particularly like this version, because of the vivid art.  The one thing I did not like about the dark knight returns was the rough nature of the animation, and the killing joke is very crisp, and sharp.  The story is very well drawn up, and the ending leaves you guessing.  I have to say, this may be my favorite graphic novel of all time.
0374275637|5.0|You don't have to be a scientist to understand this book, and I found the author's clarity and down-to-earth style to be extremely helpful. \\"Getting\\" the fact that we often make snap-decisions that rely on insufficient data is eye-opening and can serve us in many ways. Just having this awareness can lead us to better deal with our inherent biases and put more thought to an issue when the consequences matter. I'm planning on putting \\"system 2\\" (the lazy one, according to the author) to work more often to arrive at better decisions.  Great book, highly recommended!
1401207529|5.0|First off let me say that I am not an avid reader of comics.  I didn't read them often when I was young, but I do like a lot of them, and have actually started reading more of them in my 30s than ever before.  I have now read the dark knight returns, the dark knight rides again, and bat man year one.  I have to say that I liked this one the best of the three of them.  The other two were interesting, and I definitely thought the dark knight returns was one of the better graphic novels I have read, but I felt the dark knight rides again was just so-so.  The one quality that both had that I didn't like was the fact that they seemed a little too fantastic.  I like batman, because he doesn't have any super powers, so he could in theory exist in the real world.  He would probably get killed pretty quickly, but his story is not completely beyond the realm of possibility,  Batman year one really has that kind of feel.  It seems like a more plausible batman story than the other two, and that is what really draws me in.  I have to say, it is somewhat dark, like most frank miller books, but it is really a good quality story.
B004EPZ09S|5.0|I am a microbiology student and I absolutely loved this movie. I would recommend it if you are into disease or epidemiology. However, if you are expecting this to be a thriller or suspense movie, well this isn't the movie for you. It is great to the extent that this could actually happen one day considering we are well over due for some sort of pandemic.
B004FJJGBG|5.0|As some other reviewers have pointed out, Panasonic's rights to Avatar in 3D expires in Feb 2012. This obviously means you can expect a reasonable price for the 3D version. However, you can get it before 2/12 by buying certain Panasonic models of BluRay players and 3D capable TVs...or you can do what I did, and spend eighty bucks for it on eBay. I suggest waiting. That aside, while this movie is beautiful in 2D, it is unbelievably breathtaking in 3D. The 3D effects are second to none. I watched this on my 65\\" TV, and while watching, it appeared as though the holograms were 3 or 4 feet into my viewing room. The little spinning dandilion things looked like they were coming over my shoulders and moving toward the screen. Was it worth 80 bucks? Probably not, but we enjoyed it anyway.
B005HV6YO8|3.0|Not bad but for some bad reason I expected more.  It had a couple of hits I like.  Maybe the next one will.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|The Tree of Life is a beautiful shot movie and it really shows on the blu ray.I own 100 blu rays and this one is in  my top 3 of all time regarding the video quality!
B000QCS8TW|1.0|I dont have to argue about author's writting abilities. Its O.K not best but I have came across worst writers.<br /><br />But as far as story goes, this is one of the worst stories i have read. All the good guys die one after another until there are none left and you wonder what the heck is going on. I just dont understand, It's so depressing. I feel the writer hates all the good things in the world !! Sick of him!! I'm never going to read another book by this author !!
B005VBAIDW|5.0|Beautiful, energetic, fresh rock-pop music. Reminds me a little to Fleetwood Mac, Cranberries, U2 and The Cure. The best songs? Hard to tell, all are very good. Highlights for Catch, Endless Summer, Peace of Mind, Rosebud, and Long Highway, my favorite song of a perfect album.
B003P2WO5E|5.0|Well, I wont say this is the best book in the world. But its pretty good.   Best story in the word in the form of book is LOTR and everything else are just other stories, but by saying that I found this book very very entertaining. And I'll be waiting for next one and i hope they are very good too.  Good Job.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|great looking and full featured. love it for many reasons all the information, always on target and on time with weather information , thanks elecont
0446581356|5.0|I LOVE this book it teaches and explains things so clearly! more than other books I've read! Bobbi Brown is the BOMB!!!lol LOVE IT!!
034552554X|4.0|This book captivated my attention in the first chapter.  A wonderful and yet hard story.  I use hard, meaning truthful and thought provoking about how life is for some people.....definitely not about the writing!  The story is beautifully woven together for us to experience life with Victoria.  There is her story, and then her own interpretation of her story through flowers.  Victoria has had a hard life, and honestly I think the use of the meaning of flowers and plants help to soften that aspect of the story.  This style of story telling is not distracting, but rather helps transition the transition between the past and the present.    Vanessa has a great use of language and story telling that pulls at your heartstrings, without pushing me to tears.  I also loved how she wove in the knowledge and versatility of speaking with flowers.  I'm intrigued to see a character learn to speak and give to the world through a medium that many people don't recognize.  It truly is a different art-form.  Both fictionally, and yet I believe in our lives as well.  My interest is peaked and I plan on learning more about the meanings of different flowers and plants.
B002VPE1WK|3.0|I bought this backpack nine months ago and immediately liked it's well-thought out design and functionality. I also own several LowePro camera bags and thought the Amazon Basics version compared favorably for about 50% less. However, there is a big difference in durability. My LowePros are nearly indestructible, whereas the Amazon Basic is already falling apart. I don't abuse my camera bags, yet the Basics bag is splitting at the seams and will eventually become unusable. Since it comes with a one-year warranty I wrote Amazon about the problem and they immediately sent out a replacement. This is one of many examples why I love Amazon and shop with them for about 90% of my online purchases: Their customer service is outstanding.<br /><br />Maybe my Basics bag was an exception. Despite my durability problem with the bag, I'd still recommend it for the price and its smart design.<br /><br />Update, 4/16/13: I am now on my second Amazon Basics camera backpack and have the same issues with durability as the first one it eplaced. After about a year, one of the major seams began to separate and tear. Eventually this area will fail, making the outer flap useless for protection. To be fair, I am somewhat tough on my camera bags, stuffing them full and slinging them about. And for under $40 this bag gave respectable service. However, I am done with Amazon Basic camera bags due to their lack of long-term durability. Going through one a year isn't satisfactory. From now on I'll stay with LowePro, the best bang for buck in camera bags.
1451627289|4.0|All of King's books carry high expectations given his prolific record of entertainment. Personally, I could not wait for 11/22/63. The premise of time travel and the incredible event the author chooses to explore make for an engaging premise. Mix in the fact that King first envisioned this book in 1971 and one can not help but be intrigued. However, I found enjoyment less in the time travel, Presidential assassination, and conspiracy aspects than I did in his descriptions, tone and atmosphere of the period he captures and the characters he builds and so effortlessly makes to interact in authentic and believable ways.<br /><br />Having read King's reviews and views in Entertainment Weekly, I know he and I share an admiration of author Richard Russo. The characters Russo brings to life could easily be people we know or bump into in our daily interactions. And I believe that King has comparable skills in this area but is often not recognized as we all debate his horror plots more than we credit his admirable writing skills. He is extremely self-deprecating in this regard having been quoted as saying, &#34;I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries.&#34;<br /><br />The metaphysical time travel aspects of the book may slightly disappoint. The JFK assassination will always fascinate even though King is clear on his view of a broader conspiracy. So those two aspects are worthy reasons alone to read this book, however, the value and entertainment are found in King's exploration of human motivations, frailties, and relationships. His true skills are often over shadowed given his subject matter of vampires, haunted hotels, alien encounters, malevolent evil, and other dimensions. I am hopeful that when his career is viewed in the aggregate, it will be debated and discussed for its true contribution in exploring the balance of good and evil and how that conflict roars in each and every individual.
0385343175|5.0|THIS WAS ANOTHER GREAT BOOK BY THE AUTHOR I JUSTLOVE ALL OF HER BOOKS. I DID NOT WANT TO PUT THIS BOOK DOWN .
0439023521|5.0|This book amazed me. Really, I can't stop thinking of Katniss and all she went through. Peeta, too. Such wonderfully-developed characters and an awesome story.
1451627289|3.0|The premise of the story, 'Time Travel' seems unprecedented for Stephen King which was alluring. Being a fanatical Stephen King fan like most other folks leaving reviews here, I have to say this book just didn't deliver the bang for the buck (it was expensive too). So much meat on entry and at the end... the middle of the book just felt empty, bloated, over-dialogued in the build up to 11/22/1963 - the zenith. Also, I felt Stephen King's trademark evil lining waiting to pounce at any moment, but that was just a Mist, there was nothing there. What we end with feels like the nexus between a rushed Stephen King and Simon/Schuster Publishing sensing another King money maker.<br /><br />I feel that if this story had been bundled up with some other short stories without the excess fat, it'd have been a real winner. Stephen King's diabolical explorations of the paradoxes of time travel would have been tasty tasty at a hundred or more pages less. I didn't speed read but literally skipped the inadequate portions.
B000QCS8TW|1.0|Other reviewers have voiced similar complaints but I feel the squeaky wheel gets the grease so here's some more fuel for the fire.  Let me clarify that this book excellent and totally worth reading.<br /><br />The kindle experience reading this book, though, is really bad for a couple reasons.  As background: I read a physical copy of the first two books in Fire & Ice and read the third on Kindle (the experience applies to Game of Thrones, though, and I think it's the most important one for anyone new to this book series to consider).  I read on a 3rd generation Kindle, using the Kindle app for Android, and have tried the PC Kindle app.<br /><br />The only actual problem with the kindle edition itself is that the maps are virtually unreadable.  I consulted these all the time when reading these books, and I can't read them.<br /><br />The other critiques are about the experience interacting with this book with the kindle - I believe this feedback applies to many other books (especially technical / non-fiction), too.<br />a) The act of browsing to the maps (which I mentioned, look terrible) is very tedious.  Set a bookmark on the current page, navigate to table of contents, navigate to maps, look at map, navigate back to bookmarks to the bookmark I just created.  This can be shortened by adding a bookmark at the location of the maps, but it's still a multi-step, tedious process. Also - because the map pages don't have any useful text on them, when you look for the bookmark, you need to memorize the location #s to find the right bookmark (because the map image, not the map page, says something like \\"Map of Westeros\\").<br /><br />b) The appendix of the families is another thing I want to flip to frequently.  However this is just as tedious as browsing to maps (a pain) and by doing this, you effectively break the ability to sync reading between two different devices.  The sync behavior syncs to \\"furthest location\\" on some other device rather than \\"current location\\" on that device.  I'll frequently read on my phone on the bus but want to read on my Kindle when I'm at home - to get to the right spot, I need to make a bookmark on my phone, see the location ID, and then jump to that location on my kindle.  The way that consulting an appendix sets \\"furthest page read\\" a frustration I have with at least one non-fiction ebook I own, too.<br /><br />So buy the book, but buy the print copy, and yes, even though it's like carrying around a brick!on the bus but want to read on my Kindle when I'm at home - to get to the right spot, I need to make a bookmark on my phone, see the location ID, and then jump to that location on my kindle.  The way that consulting an appendix sets \\"furthest page read\\" a frustration I have with at least one non-fiction ebook I own, too.  So buy the book, but buy the print copy, and yes, even though it's like carrying around a brick!
B004RFYEEC|5.0|SMiLE...a man listens...to what a boy of 13 first heard about...wondered about...  The soaring angels called The Beach Boys...their blend carrying me to heaven on Our Prayer. The blend, oh the blend...Gee...what fun...the blend. The happy go sad go lucky thundering descending Heroes and Villains...the Heroes and Villains...the SMiLE Heroes and Villains...love lorn magic. I do like Worms and the boys, the boys and the blend that rocks me, rolls me...leap off of Plymouth Rock...roll me. Otherworldly and strange, wonderful strange...taking Great Shape...give me that foundation, that Old Master Painter foundation that steadies, steadies, make ready for love. Long lost yellow, sweet Sunshine love...Now wow me with Carl and the sounds of the prairie...to hear Mr. L. sing of crows and corn such, over and over...the sounds of the prairie...so much...to enter...to feel...the Wonderful...the most wonderful rendition I've heard...the magic of young...the love of young...the Wonderful of being young. Children lead me...children sing me...Surf's Up and this, this is truly great music...truly some of the greatest music of the century...I'm hearing Michelangelo...I'm hearing Rembrandt...a vision of another world found one night...two steps...carried with love on the fog of the music...the gift of the music...and the blend, the blend...the boys sing like no other and I fall into a garden and come out the other end of a brown paper bag...rolling in fun...feeling the joy...the random, rollicking fun of my favorite Veg-e-table...skipping down a sunny beach, playing in the golden sand...on a, a jolly Holiday...and waking from a sleepy sleep...breezy porch with ocean there and tinkling, tinkling Wind Chimes...taking , lilting me to peaceful peace...to clinking, tinkling rest and carrying me off into....falling, falling into Fire and danger and great alarm, my nightmares, my dreams...my shadows abound. Then oh, so safe and saving, so sound...the water waving...dada, rolls over me, dada,like bubbly dada, cool love and wah, wah...so take me on home..take me to comfort and peace and to love...and love the Good, Good, Good Vibrations! Yellow and purple waves surround...flying on wind...perfumed and laughing, soaring vibrations. Gotta keep those vibrations, those Good Vibrations, a happening with her...soaring and filling my soul with sweet love.  SMiLE...a man listens. Great music, important music from a man filled with love...SMiLE.  After all of this time the boy of 13 smiles...smiles...SMiLE...
B000WCDI64|5.0|Amy had such brilliant talent with the most unique voice I ever heard. I truly cherish this DVD, the live music she produced with her brand is breathtaking. You will find yourself totally drawn into watching her performance, smiling as you wish you would have had a chance to be live in the audience.<br />It is a delight to see her interact with the crowd, it is so clear to see how she was at home on stage , but deep down inside she was such a humble, sweet, kind spirit.<br />I loved the DVD with the live version of her songs so much I finally found them for download on my MP3, since her death it is a constant playlist in my car.<br />Highly recommend this DVD to anyone who appreciates Amys talent . Her kind of talent only comes around once in a lifetime.<br />RIP beautiful lady ! Thank you for your honest music and having been there when I needed<br />a smile in my heart !
0439023521|5.0|Great book to get non-readers to read!  Have a class of high school students with wide ranging abilities reading it.  With movie release soon, even more exciting.
B003NS0PT2|1.0|Big fan of the show but this episode was awful. Obviously some episodes are better than others but this one was by far and away the worst one.  I actually decided to search how other people felt about it and ended up here writing this review. It is painful to watch.
B005ZTFPFQ|5.0|Not sure if the negative reviewers know what they are talking about. This game package is awesome.  Writing software or translating old code is worth something. I feel like this is a great bargain! I only wanted centipede and got 4 versions ... for a dollar. I played the original game all through college. It runs  absolutely amazing on my new fire.    The people complaining must part of the occupy crowd - always wanting something for nothing. So sad to see.  Anyway, if you were in high school or college when these games first appeared you will not disappointed. I don't think I would try on my phone though - too small.a screen. But on my fire I can't keep from grinning. Hope this review helps.
B0067R0APK|2.0|App has trouble connecting to the Internet kn the Kindle Fire. It would be a four or five star app otherwise.
B003VANOFY|4.0|I decided I had to review this product just to make a note that I haven't had any problems with the software associated with this headset as others have mentioned before.  Either I got lucky or Logitech finally ironed out the kinks.  The first thing I did was plug in the wireless USB transmitter and let windows 7 detect and install the basic driver for the headset.  Then I downloaded the gaming software from the Logitech website and installed it.  I also have a Logitech G110 keyboard and m518 mouse so I had an earlier version of this software already on my computer.  The software installed over top of the previous version without incident and the headset was immediately functional.  I have since restarted the computer and after booting the headset is still detected without having to unplug and then re-plug the usb dongle unlike others who have noted this as an issue.<br /><br />As far as the headset, it sounds incredible (in surround mode) for gaming.  For music it also sounds great (in stereo mode), but there is some distortion if I turn up the bass using the equalizer.  I've experienced this with all sorts of headsets and speakers, and in some cases (not all) the base distortion decreased as the speaker \\"broke in.\\"  I think that might be the case with these.  I've taken off one star for this bass distortion, but in all honesty I think that might be a little too harsh, especially if the speakers in the headset do break in eventually...<br /><br />Also, I have the dongle right next to a 2.4/5.0 Ghz wireless router and despite this I'm getting no interference, even on the other side of my house which I'm kind of blown away by.  In short, this headset is worth the price of admission, at least if you get it working properly as mine appears to be (with minimal effort on my part).
0385344325|3.0|I can't believe I didn't like a Reacher novel! I was so disappointed and am probably looking for a buyer of this book.   The story was good. The full page and a half sex scene, and the frequent revisits, were not. I've always known that Reacher was a vigilante, but I still solidly put him in the \\"good guy\\" category, righting wrongs and looking out for the little guy. In this novel he kills 4 people. One was self defense, but the other three were cold-blooded. Yes, they were bad guys posing as good guys. But Reacher crossed the line for me, and now I'm really disappointed. Since this novel is set before the rest of the series, it took away some of the enjoyment I had of the rest of the series. Is Reacher one of the \\"good guys\\" or not?
0240815807|5.0|Mixing secrets is an absolutely essential guide for all levels of studio engineering. If it had been handed to me when I was in audio school years ago I could have saved a lot of money in tuition. The key to it's success is that Mike Senior explains somewhat complicated concepts, like room acoustics, in a simple, easy to understand manner. My only issue with it is that it employs metrics through out....and my poor little brain is stuck in the U.S. standard world. Fortunately for anyone else in this situation there are some great metrics conversion tables and calculators to be found on the internet.
B000001GQY|5.0|all i can about these recordings is this:  i had to part with them some time ago while moving a great distance.  it has been a pain in my heart ever since.  how many discs can one say such a thing about?
1592400876|5.0|Could it be that all our struggles with punctuation is the result of a three-way tussle between left-brain militants, right-brain punctualists, and no-brain dunderheads?  Such is the image Ms. Truss paints in this lighthearted entreaty to all three under her signature banner of \\"Sticklers Unite!\\"  Surprisingly erudite without being overbearing, Ms. Truss shows she has something to offer to all three classes of users who tussle for dominance in our digital age.<br /><br />For the left-brain militants, there is a hearty recitation of rules by which they can marshal their prose into ranks, all in obedience to the masters of style and usage.  For the right-brain punctualists, there are plenty of chords by which they can refine their good ear, thus finding it easier to mark time according to their prose and to sing their all-desired tunes to the muses of style and usage.  For the no-brain dunderheads, Ms. Truss' sensible and clear-cut approach to punctuation is, if anything, encouraging to those who feel punctuation is a mystery and beyond their normal powers of comprehension.<br /><br />In our digital age where, sadly, it appears this last, less sophisticated class of users is gaining dominance, Eats, Shoots and Leaves provides a practical guide to punctuation that all can turn to and improve their prose.  More than this, the reader will find history and long-standing controversies over those underappreciated marks that lie about the page and are intended to clarify our syntax.  The longsuffering apostrophe, the hyperactive comma, the addictive semi-colon, and its lofty cousin the colon--all have stories here.  And more than once you'll find their stories spark debate, if not the shouting and pounding of desks, between grown men and women about their merits and misuse.  Who knew punctuation could be so interesting?  Ms. Truss, of course, and she should be commended for sharing her insights with the rest of us.
B005HSG3TC|2.0|I am returning my Marware cover; true it is light, but it also doesn't do one of the important jobs it should do - make the Kindle Fire easier to handle.  It does protect the Fire (which really doesn't need all that much protection in the first place, thanks to it's rubber back and Gorilla Glass front), but it does not work well to prop the Fire up, and the Kindle Fire is so heavy that the first day I owned it, my hand and arm ached.  I could read without holding it, by resting it on my knee, but for some things, I wanted it up close and personal and this cover didn't really prop the Kindle Fire up in a safe efficient manner; I still had to hold on to it, still had the weight.  I did get a Belkin cover which works very well and gives me three positions I can rest the Kindle Fire in (in landscape postion) and find it stable enough I don't get hand fatigue hanging on to the Fire.    I did like the lightweightness of the Marware cover, but it just wasn't stable enough without being held and the Fire is heavy (and also wonderful).  Someone still needs to come up with the magic cover that works well in all positions, but the Belkin is a vast improvement over the Marware, in my opinion.  I got the Belkin cover at Wal-Mart, but Amazon does carry them.    Now, I must also tell you I think Amazon is wonderful; I am returning the Marware cover and it was simple and hassle free.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Like others I gave this version one star just for the Ultraviolet so called digital copy.  This service is ridiculous.  I tried it just to see.  Have to register with two different accounts at Flixster and Ultraviolet to get started.  Want to see it on iphone/ipod?  Have to download an app to stream it.  You can download a physical copy to your computer (limited times) but that only plays there, after you download two additional programs.  You can download (over wi-fi) a physical copy to your ipod,  but it stays there. Only plays with the app.  And right now, to delete the movie you have to delete the app!  These idiots can't even make an app right.  Supposedly the ability to delete will be in a future app version.  Not easy to use and a stupid studio inspired mess due to fears of letting us use as we want.  Somehow someone might take a standard def copy protected video file and do 'something' with it they don't want!  So I went back to the old ways that they forced people to learn long ago.  Copy of the dvd to computer, DVDFab, and used Handbrake to make my own version I could put into iTunes.  Deleted the programs and app for that Ultraviolet version and will never bother again.
B000YMQI6E|4.0|I enjoyed this movie; it was a tense, character driven story with two excellent actors in the main roles. I can see the points that some reviewers have made - to the legally trained mind there probably are plot holes you could drive a truck through, but for me it was interesting and suspensful enough to hold my interest throughout. I didn't mind knowing from the outset who committed the crime, since the drama was obviously going to be in the journey towards the final denoument.<br /><br />My one criticism is of the vocal styles of the two stars. Why on earth Anthony Hopkins used a semi-Irish accent for this role is beyond me. He could have played it either American or English since his nationality had no bearing on the plot. And I missed several of Ryan Gosling's lines, including the last line of the movie, because he mumbled so badly. I wouldn't expect him to adopt a theatrical voice, but I would have appreciated a bit more enunciation.<br /><br />This is an entertaining movie; worth watching if you can do without legal realism and have very good hearing.
0316017930|1.0|This book is nothing like Gladwell's previous two books.  This one is mostly about random observations leading to unscientific (not even sure if statistically correct) conclusions.
0142501123|5.0|This is a favorite of both my daughter & myself!  As parents know, you often have to re-read the same books over & over & over.... and while my daughter never tires of them, I often do.  This is one that I always enjoy reading.  The rhyming is fun, and I can make up silly voices for the characters.  A great story!
B004T5R2HQ|2.0|While this program does indeed create an image document which may be of multiple pages, the quality of the document is extremely limited to the phone camera.  Also if there is scanner software on the phone, this seems to interfere with the camera software of this application.  Not worth purchasing the Pro version.
B0058OUJA4|2.0|crude graphics...sound...buggy....cheap hexdefense clone....don't pay for this ripoff...companies that produce stuff like this should not be encouraged ....please amazon get the real hexdefense so tire users are not second class citizens!
B002BWP49M|5.0|\\"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1\\" is great! This is how the story goes: Bella and Edward, plus those they love, must deal with the chain of consequences brought on by a marriage, honeymoon, and the tumultuous birth of a child... which brings an unforeseen and shocking development for Jacob Black.  The cast led by Kristen Stewart (as Bella), Robert Pattinson (as Edward) & Taylor Lautner (as Jacob) is great. The directing by Bill Condon is great. The screenplay (based on Stephenie Meyer's novel, Meyer was also a producer on the film) by Melissa Rosenberg is great.  The music by Carter Burwell is great. The cinematography by Guillermo Navarro is great. The film editing by Virginia Katz is great. The casting by Debra Zane is great. The production design by Richard Sherman is great. The art direction by Lorin Flemming & Troy Sizemore is great. The set decoration by David Schlesinger is great. The costume design by Michael Wilkinson is great. The make-up and visual effects are great.  This is another great movie to the \\"Twilight\\" saga. It keeps you on the edge of your seat with your mind thinking and your heart racing. This is fun, fast-paced and entertaining. An interesting ending leading up to the inevitable second half. A great start leading to the Thanksgiving weekend.
B003UD7JEE|1.0|I was a massive fan of the original TV series adapted from Luc Besson's La Femme Nikita. LFN (the series from 1997) was edgy, dark, and ahead of the times. I've watched a couple of episodes of CW's Nikita and can't get into it. It's both too much like the original series and too far from it at the same time. If you're going to take the exact same characters, keep them in character. Maggie Q's Nikita is a pixie that I don't believe could take down a child, much less a 250 pound baddie. Shane's Michael is admittedly cute, but Roy Dupuis brought so much depth to the character that I just can't see anyone else in that role.   If they'd based their series off the movie, then maybe I could have gotten into it, because it'd be different, way different, that my beloved LFN, but they didn't, and they've butchered some of the best characters on TV. The new Nikita's Michael and Nikita have no depth and romance to them, there's no electricity on screen. At least to me. And if this series is supposed to be based off the original hit series, then where exactly is Madeline or Walter? And why is the organization an American one, called Division and not Section One? And PERCY? Really? That's what fans called Operations before we found out his name was PAUL. CW you have failed in my eyes. You should have either definitively decided to either have stuck true to the original series, or to the movie, but you didn't and instead this 'new' series is a weird mishmash that doesn't know what it wants to be.
B003JSSPSY|4.0|I enjoyed the whole series it's so much better than Merlin and more \\"Lord of The Rings\\", it has a wide field of adventures, and the main characters are diverse
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote works on my iPhone, my PC, and on my Kindle Fire.  It syncs seamlessly between the devises and is very versatile.
B0015DYIH2|1.0|Complete utter, filthy, garbage typical of Stephenie Meyer. A boring, embarrassing story that puts me to sleep the first 3 seconds of me reading it. Complete trash that is brainwashing all little girls and housewives everywhere. AVOID!
B0063IH60K|5.0|So far I had a lot of fun with this game! No problems and no peskee adds. Give it a try!
B005FUJNNU|5.0|I'm not a huge Tim Burton fan, but I do like a few of his movies.  I wasn't particularly interested in seeing this version of Alice in Wonderland which puts a twist on the Alice in Wonderland story that I grew up with. But, when we purchased a 3D TV, I thought it might be a great addition to our  3D DVD library.<br /><br />The peaceful world of Wonderland became the nightmarish world known as Underland under the villainous Red Queen's reign.  Alice doesn't recall visiting Wonderland as a child, but was having recurring nightmares about her experiences in Wonderland.  When nineteen year old Alice falls down a rabbit hole, she is transported to Underland where the residents remember her & have been waiting for her return to  rescue them from the evil Red Queen. Johnny Depp plays an excellent Mad Hatter; Helena Bonham Carter, the Red Queen with the big head...no huge head, is an excellent villain. I could go on to praise everyone in this movie, the casting was perfect. The Bandersnatch, a ferocious creature under the Red Queen's rule & the  Jabberwocky, a terrifying dragon type creature used by the Red Queen as a weapon might terrify younger children.<br /><br />My whole family enjoyed it from its beginning to the end. The colors, atmosphere, characters, costumes & 3D effects make this movie visually exciting. (There were a couple scenes which had  minor parallax problems; I'm the only one in the family that noticed them)  This is one movie where 3D definitely adds to its visual entertainment.  5 Stars
B004SKHJF2|5.0|shazam can sync the lyrics to the  song that's currently playing-totally amazing and makes it great to sing along. instant karaoke!
B00000J6AG|5.0|This album has a few different music styles within it. My suggestion, listen to it all the way thru a few times to find the ones ya like, some take a few listens to appreciate.
0312944926|2.0|I loved the suspense feel of the story in the beginning but I think as soon as I found out who the real culprit was in this story which is about half way into the book it got boring fast and I found myself reading the rest just to finish the book. The remaining pages are to me trying to fill a book quota. It was drawn out and didnt work. Both main characters seriously are forgettable.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Such a simple and elegant game play yet captivating and will keep you enjoying it for hours on end! Rahr
B0052UZIFA|2.0|What?! No &quot;endless survival&quot; (ES) mode? Bought this game just to play endless mode on my android device. Was willing to overlook the poor graphics and give this game a 5 star rating if it only had the ES mode.   This version is worth every penny for first time players since this is one of the best tower defense game on the market. Very addictive. But not recommended for veteran PvZ gamers.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|The God of Thunder is electrifieing in Thor. This movie has a great plot with just the right amount of action. Im more of an action guy so the Romance with Natalie Portman kinda sucks but atleast theres not a whole lot of it. I didnt know who the actor was of thor until i watched Star Trek. Turns out its Captin Kurks dad at the beginning of the movie so for his first major movie it was pretty good
B004LROUNG|1.0|A most pedestrian effort by one of my favorite authors. Too simplistic and predictable, with very flat, undevelopable characters who are also not terribly believable.
B000W4D94I|5.0|This movie looked great on DVD but now the transfer to Bluray was that much better. I have a theater room in my house with surround sound and a 90 inch screen so you can only imagine my excitement nd the sound of the roaring tornadoes. CANT BEAT IT!!!
B0009XNUK0|5.0|Package arrived in a very reasonable time.  Looks great!  I haven't listened to it yet because I bought it for my wife for her birthday.
0756404738|5.0|I have become a huge fan of Patrick Rothfuss. Then first book in this series was outstanding and this one is just as good. I have collected science fiction and fantasy books since I was a teenager. Just to let you know that I am not a novice to reading the genre:  I have hundreds of books, a lot of them autographed and very rare (the Belgariad Century hardcovers, Goodkinds lettered limited editions, etc). I ordered a second copy of these books autographed and they now have a permanent place with the best of my collection. It is refreshing to find a new world that deviates from all the LOTR knockoffs out there.  I'd give this and the Name of the Wind the highest recommendation. I can't wait for the next one.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|The title of my review says it all. I love how this app uses the smallest amount of permissions than any other notepad I have come across. I have been using this app now for a little over a year now and do not find myself changing to another one anytime soon. Thank you to the dev who has done a great job at keeping this app updated and free.
B003Y5HWMW|5.0|I have never seen a product take so long to get a release date set for it, HBO is really slow, lol I have seen some Hollywood movies recently show in theaters and two months later have mass produced blu-rays available, come on HBO... seriously, it has been long enough.
B004LUS390|5.0|This app works perfectly on my Droid X and my Motorola Xoom. I enjoy a lot of the features it has to provide as well. This is an app that I will keep installed on my devices for a while. Thanks devs for a nice app.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|I really am enjoying the new transformers movie, in my opinion the new female made the movie a little more interesting even though the main actor still seemed a little slow, why is it that every one's on board except the main actor. still i enjoyed the plot of the movie, not bad auto bots.
B000NSJ4Q0|5.0|I am a professional photographer and this is a perfect product. I don't have to change more batteries in one wedding night.
B001HNE3NO|5.0|I loved this book for many reasons.  It is wonderfully written and draws the reader into the story right away.  It taught me details of a terrible time in our world's history that I had never known before and left me with an urge to know more.  A moving and haunting story that will stay with me forever.
B00000F169|1.0|It's difficult to review this \\"film\\" without using four-letter words, so forgive me if I slip. This is a pile of garbage by any standards. Even if it was made in 1975, there's no excuse for it. It's complete crap in every respect. I filled 47 vomit bags while I watched it. The only reason I finished the movie is because I had more vomit bags left.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|If this album had been released in 1967 and Paul McCartney said he loved it, it may have turned the corner for the public accepting Brian and the Beach Boys as musical visionaries not an oldies surf band.<br /><br />CD 1 is great. Wonderful to hear Smile in a more cohesive edit than the bits and pieces that have dribbled out through the years.<br /><br />CD 2 is OK but I have a short attention span for studio outtakes.  Great packaging for a small 2 CD box, mini-LP covers for the CDs, booklet, poster and Smile button.  Very cool.  If you're a Beach Boys fan this is a must have, if you're not that familiar with the group I would suggest Sounds of Summer from 2003 as a hits collection.
B004A8ZWWY|5.0|The movie opens with a fast paced electronic sound track. We see Alan Alda, Ben Stiller, and a street smart Eddie Murphy in the first few minutes. Early on we know the film is fast paced and clever. Just seeing Murphy revive his street smarts type person is worth the price of admission. Ben Stiller is Josh Kovacs. He runs a very high priced apartment tower with a large staff. He is dynamic and pays attention to details. Arthur Shaw (Alan Alda) is a financier and is one of the millionaire tenets who sits on the board of directors for the apartment building and runs their pension fund.  Matthew Broderick plays Mr. Fitzhugh, who is currently broke and squatting in his over priced apartment...\\"If you want me, I'll be living in this box.\\"<br /><br />When Shaw gets arrested for fraud, Stiller has to break the news to his workers that their pension fund has been robbed. Shaw is placed on house arrest in said apartment building. T&eacute;a Leoni plays the tough FBI agent in charge of the Shaw case...\\"The last time I drank this much at a bar, I made out with a fireman.\\"<br /><br />After a vigilante moment, Stiller and two of his cohorts get fired. Thinking they won't be able to recover their money they devise a scheme to break into Shaw's apartment and rob him, but this group of misfits need a second story man...enter Eddie Murphy in his classic form. Now the real comedy starts. The safe is too complex for Murphy so they add Gabourey Sidibe to the gang. Of course things don't go as planned.<br /><br />Clever, witty, fast paced. Good cast of characters with good chemistry. Everything a fun movie should be.<br /><br />1 f-bomb, n-word, sex talk.
B000ANXLB2|5.0|I have to give five stars. I think this a magnificent rendering of Beethoven's nine symphonies. I watched and listenened intently to the 9th Symphony first. I was amazed at the clarity of the video. My only complaint is that the camera was not on soprano Gundula Janowitz when she hit that other wordly note at 1:02:50. I've always considered this a moment of great felicity. I still can't listen to it without getting chills. She's that good - ethereal, in fact, preternatural. Beethoven would have been proud. The camera should have been there. In general the camera work was very good and the close-ups were highly entertaining, though the cameras could have been a bit more inclusive. But, make no mistake, this is a monumental set. Not to be missed.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|Very compact and portable speedlight. I definite improvement over the in camera flash. Probably one of the best investments for improving the look of your indoor pictures.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is a deceptively simple puzzle game, which, like most, gets tougher as you go and more interesting as they introduce new elements. The music and graphics are amazing and beautifully done.
B001HN6922|1.0|My 4yo loves Cars but this one didn't make the cut. This is fine as there's too much violence for a G. Nobody can terrify your toddler like Disney w/the help of MPAA. I'm glad I used DVDExpress and I'm only out $1.
B005HSG3U6|5.0|I love this case.  It fits really well.  It protects my kindle and it looks great!  I am very happy with it!
B005K0HDGE|5.0|As a 68 year old from Ft Worth and having seen JFK the morning of 11-23-1963 I feel more than qualified to say: Bravo Mr. King.  Have driven all the roads you mention and studied the people you make come alive in Texas during the telling of your wonderful story from Round Rock to Killeen to Dallas and of course Cowtown.  I am nearly speechless!
B004FOA84A|4.0|This game was short,  but had a nice set of puzzles to solve. easy to navigate. Creative. My only suggestion would be a few more puzzles. but its .99.... so what can you do?&quot;'
B0052UZIFA|5.0|every one should have this it is a really fun game iam glad they have this game for android iam on the lg optimus s
B0053YGYO4|5.0|I have learnt to never judge Coldplay's albums from the first listen. The songs grow onto you... and over time, you realize you're humming them, or some everyday phrase catches your attention 'cause you heard it in one of their songs.  That's where the beauty of their music lies for me. It's timeless... and this album will definitely not disappoint. There are some deep themes there, but you gotta hear it, digest it... put it away for a while, come back to it... and then it will really have some meaning. Hurts Like Heaven, Paradise, Charlie Brown, Don't Let It Break Your Heart, Princess of China... are some that have captured me so far, and over time, the entire album is bound to. A must-buy - and it's just not to add to your collection of Coldplay albums - this one you will remember in years to come!
B005LY4B0A|4.0|This game is quite entertaining and somewhat addictive. The boards so far have ranged from obvious to frustratingly challenging. The graphics are very good. I highly recommend anyone try it out (there is a free version. I bought the  paid app because it is worth the dollar at least.) The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it has frozen up on me a few times, which is a mild annoyance. But it's not like I've lost progress. Strangely, this never happened with the free version.
B001AQR3JY|3.0|The picture quality was stunning. However, the DVD did not include the absolutely wonderful and funny song \\"The Morning Report\\" which became a delightful addition to the movie. The dialogue that was inserted in its place was really boring.
0307155102|5.0|This really is the BEST word book ever!  Our 2 year old can't get enough of it.  It has been the preferred bedtime book for months.  Lots of colorful pictures keep it interesting.  It is a little outdated as far as some of the illustrations go, but none of us mind at all.
0446547654|3.0|My first Sparks book - good beginning, terrible middle and then a pretty good end.  The kicker is so obvious.  Won't be reading any more of Spark's books.  Find something else to read instead.
B0058UXHHK|5.0|Rose is someone I not only understand, but root for.  I can hardly wait for the next installment.  I don't like to post spoilers, but, if you want an enjoyable read, this is it!
B004T4LUPW|4.0|I gave this app 4 stars because it does exactly what I thought it would, nothing above average or mind-blowing.<br /><br />I'm using it on my Kindle Fire and it immediately loaded all 5 of my Google Calendars quickly. (I selected the 1 month back option.)<br /><br />Adding new events is a little annoying with the touch interface of the KF, but since I don't believe the app was.designed for this device, it's forgivable.<br /><br />Overall, it's the best calendar app I've found for my Google calendars in the Amazon appstore.
B0057VDGNK|5.0|Awesome soundtrack,and drive is an incredibly strong and powerful movie too!! It was delivered on the set date,carefully packed,great service!!
B005UT29Z0|5.0|No this is not a feel good movie.  It's the kind of movie that makes you face the music and that's not something many of us want to do.  It is particularly relevant at this juncture in time on so many levels. This kind of thing can happen and has happened.  You have to be a fan of the theater to appreciate a film of this nature - where dialogue and script matter.  Brilliant ensemble piece.  Was so glad to finally see Spacey play against type.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|I was a big fan when the movie was shown in theaters,so i had to have this boxset as well!! With lots of bonus material,this is sure to have you clamped in front of your tv-set for several evenings. Congratulations to amazon for the quick and careful delivery,thanks guys and girls!!
B004EPZ0A2|5.0|GP dies in the first 10 minutes of the film. I like the documentry style of the movie as it takes you through a world wide pandemic from start to, almost finish. This film points out the real possibility of a virus mutaing, jumping to humans and being spread through modern transportation. The movie gives more credit to the scientific community than they deserve. man is a reactionary animal in a state of constant denial. Scientist would not react as fast as the film portrayed that they would. If this really happened, we would be in big trouble.
0547791097|5.0|I have been to the movie \\"drive\\" already four times,so it was only natural to read the book too!! A very entertaining and powerful read it was!! And carefully packed,delivered on the set date,great service amazon!!!!
0385333846|5.0|The first time I read this book I did not own it, I was borrowing it from a friend who told me it was something that I would like to read. Usually when someone suggests a book to me I take it with a grain of salt, however this time was different. It is literally the only book that I can say I read in a day and then began rereading it as soon as I had finished it. It's easily in my list of favorite books. And the irony of rereading it just proves Vonnegut's presentation of a cyclical life. Anyways, this book is a must read.
B005RUS7LC|5.0|amazing, how such a simple plan can become soooo complicated. cook a little meth, collect a few hundred thousand and stick my feet up in the air and play dead, just wait on the cancer to eat me alive and let my family live out their lives comfortably after I'm gone. BBUT, NNNNOOOOOOO!!!!!......<br /><br />This show just keeps me on the edge of my seat every week, I love the anticipation of seeing what happens next each time the show opens. I think I'll have to track down every show ever done that has these writers names on it and go back to see what I've missed! creator Vince Gilligan was also associated with the x-files back in the '90's, I think his future is even brighter after this. can't wait for the fifth season.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|I am very happy with this case. It fits my Kindle Fire amazingly well and the stand feature is great. It is pretty thin but the kindle's screen is apparently 20 times harder than glass so I see this case as more of a scratch deterrent than a \\"protect from a 20 foot drop\\" sort of case. I do think it was a bit overpriced but overall I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a case.
B005CW5E3E|5.0|These are great old blues tunes you have heard before, and very well done.  Johnny plays and sings very well, and has assistance from some very talented friends.  The duet with Susan Tedeschi and the horn solo of Edgar are worth the price of admission.  This is the best since Let Me In and Hey Where's Your Brother.  If you love the blues, don't miss it.
B00003CWTI|5.0|My favorite movie. Perfect, equally tortured cast in a purgatorytopian world. I've never seen such a momentous snowball of chaos on a movie screen build such speed, approach brain- (and heart-) splitting catastrophe, and then, on a dime, suddenly turn of a few tiny, nearly imperceptible acts of human unselfishness into COSMOS- and even these, in P.T. Anderson's apocalyptic ensemble allegory, are almost missed. Did it happen? Was there transformation? What did the Robards character finally tell his son (Cruise)? And that last scene trumps Woody Allen's \\"Manhattan\\"'s last for its utter (anti)finality. ALL depends squarely on the viewers- the ball is left in our court. And I say, \\"Yes!\\".  I think of \\"Citizen Kane\\", \\"Sargeant Pepper's...\\", and Chris Ware's \\"Jimmy Corrigan\\" when an untakeapartable work of popular art is discussed. Where a consummate vision, a ton o' luck, and the synchronicity with the Archetype arrive at the intersection at the same needy moment. And yet, friends, we missed it! Only years beyond now (like C. Kane, etc.), will our children's kids realize the genius that Anderson's gesamtkunstwerk was in 1999. '\\"There Will Be Blood\\"  has its icy greatness, sure, but \\"Magnolia\\"'s superior power balances upon a knife edge of so cold/yet so warm.   That rain of frogs- can only be done once effectively. Like an idea you had but didn't act on it- \\"Magnolia\\" bothers our conscience deeply; I looked skyward outside the theatre.  \\"Magnolia\\" is entertainment that makes me contemplate God. I think that's what ART is.  Oh, and by the way, my second favorite movie is Jacques Tati's \\"Monsieur Hulot\\". (!)
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Works on my RAZR. Lo-res graphics, but I think that's true of all versions of this game. Plays just fine.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Love the differences of this one vs the original, with more of a challenge. They did a really good job with this one.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Like many others, I preodrdered HP7/2 from Amazon.  When I ordered, I expected a digital copy like I received for HP7/1, but was aware of Ultraviolet from a family member before it shipped(who still has not been able to install it -- side project for Thanksgiving).  After having to subscribe to 3 different services (Flixster, Ultraviolet, and getsatisfaction.com for Flixster help) downloading over 4 GB of software to both my computer and phone, I had the oportunity to either stream the movie from the Flixster website, or download the movie to my phone.  The streaming version was unacceptably choppy, and frequently buffering (despite connecting over Wifi to DSL).  The downloadable version took almost an hour, and once again, had to be done directly to the phone.  In the middle of the night, McAfee Security Center detected that the Flixster software was trying to make contact with a website that it considered to be \\"unsafe\\".  I do not know if it is truely unsafe of if McAfee is not familiar with it yet, but I am obviously concerned.  I understand that Warner Brothers doesn't want Apple to be the universal choice for movies through portable devices, but this is unforgivably bad.  The digital copy that came with HP7/1 worked fine, and could be intalled through a number of different services, not just iTunes.  It clearly wasn't beta tested, or they would have known that it is either too many hoops to jump through for someone who is not a computer professional, or the software is too buggy and filled with bloat.  If I want to see websites like Rotten Tomatoes, I'll go there, but do not force that garbage onto my machine just so I can see I movie that I paid for.  If this was done just so Warner Brothers could raise extra cash from the companies embedded in the software, then shame on them.  I am not a digital pirate, and do not condone digital piracy, but it is corporate decisions like this that cause good people to look for alternative methods to see the movies they love, and in this case, paid for.
B004RFYEEC|5.0|My fascination with Brian Wilson's music began with one of the Beach Boys' lesser-known releases, Stack-o-Tracks.  I grew up hearing my dad listen to the Beach Boys' car/surf hits (I'm 26) so I was familiar with their well known songs since I was a toddler.  When I first heard the vocal-less backing track to God Only Knows on Stack-o-Tracks as a young teen, however, I remember being struck by it's depth and beauty.  I wanted more!  That interest resulted in one of the best birthday gifts I ever received, The Pet Sounds Sessions boxed set.  Ten years later I still listen to some of those stereo backing tracks almost daily.  Of course a closer study of Pet Sounds led me to the legend of the lost Smile album, the intended follow up to Pet Sounds, recorded when Brian was still at his creative peak and employing the services of the Wrecking Crew to produce his tracks.  This was the last project before the magic started to fade and only intermittently surface over the rest of his career, as seen with such compositions as 'Til I Die.  I first heard many of the Smile tracks when Brian released his solo version in 2004.  While I was thankful to hear the entire album, the lack of the original Beach Boys vocals, especially Brian's falsetto, along with the use of digital instruments instead of the Wrecking Crew's recordings, left me yearning for the original.  Now it's here (well, as much as it can be), and it's amazing!  The best part is the sessions, to hear Brian relentlessly pursuing the perfect take, just as he did with Pet Sounds.  There are also some breathtaking alternate versions and rehearsals.  With Pet Sounds Brian pushed the boundaries on how much could be recorded at one session with minimal overdubs, as can be seen with Wouldn't It Be Nice and God Only Knows.  With Smile (starting with the single Good Vibrations) he went the opposite way and experimented with modular recording, the \\"jigsaw puzzle\\" approach of recording a song in sections and piecing it together later.  He did still record a few tracks in single sessions, and the whole project results in some very insteresting sonic delights.  The tracking session for the Vegatables Fade comes to mind, as does the Holidays \\"whispering winds\\" woodwind piece not used in the final version.  The harpsichord-dominated first version of Wind Chimes is mesmerizing!  And how about the backing track for Wonderful?  And don't get me started on the Good Vibrations - Inspiration sessions!  There is just one treasure after another as you sift through the many (and there are many!) tracks on this boxed set.  In my opinion Smile isn't quite as beautiful as Pet Sounds, but it is more creative and artistic.  When listening to this collection of music I find myself amazed that it was recorded in the 60's!  It just doesn't sound like anything else that came out during that time period.  I know the boxed set cost is high, but the price is most definitely worth it!
B003HN7BYA|2.0|This is the worst remaster I've ever heard! Listening through earbuds or a home stereo, it sounds great. Everything is clear and loud and not so tinny. Then I listen to it in my car stereo and it's horrible. Whoever remastered this made the cymbals so loud and tinny that if you listen to it high for even too minutes it feels like your losing your hearing (or mind). Completely disappointed! Disc 2 & 3 sound great though, that is the only reason I'm not going to give this a one star. Of all the remasters I've purchased, this is the ONLY one I wish I would have kept the original copy. I know they are remastering Vulgar Display and it will probably be out some time next year, and I'll scoop it up too because I'm a mindless consumer I guess hahah. But be warned, this remaster sucks, buy for additional content only.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Easy to use.  Great app.  Use it for eveything from Christmas lists to business projects.  Updated often.  Thank You Evernote.
B00012QM8G|5.0|The movie Schindler's List is mainly about a man named Oskar Schindler. He comes to town to try to become rich making army supplies for the German armies. Using bribes he eventually gains access to a factory and a lot of other things in order to run it. Schindler hires Jews to work in his factory and documents are falsified so as many Jews as possible are saved from being sent to the death camp. After a new camp is finished however an order goes out to eliminate the remaining Jews in the area and after witnessing a horrible massacre Schindler dedicates the majority of his wealth to trying to protect the Jewish people who work at his factories. He intends to get them out of the country but there is a mix up that ends up with him having to bribe people at Auschwitz to get some of the people that were on his list that were sent there mistakenly. He ends up saving them as well as rescuing some of the children that were at the camp as well. He manages to keep people alive by continually bribing officials and eventually runs through his entire fortune. After the war Schindler has to leave because he was being hunted by the Russian army for war crimes he was not guilty of. The end of the film shows the Jewish people who worked at Schindler's factory placing stones on his grave as a sign of great respect for what he did for them.    This movie displays many important concepts in many different religions. The main one that I can think of is the major theme of helping your fellow man that resonates in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Muslims are supposed to donate money to charities as one of their pillars of faith and Schindler gave up his entire fortune to try and keep the factory workers safe. He also respected the faith of the people that worked there and went out of his way to save as many people as he could.
B003UESJHO|2.0|Rented \\"The Fighter\\" last night. What a disappointment. This could of been such a great movie if they would of focused more on Ward's boxing and less on his nutzo family. Thought I rented a boxing story and instead I rented a Jerry Springer family with a little boxing thrown in. The acting by Bale was superb and Whalberg's acting was pretty good too. In the end great acting, or any other part of great film making cannot rescue a story line that would of been better suited for \\"Jerry Springer, the Movie\\".
B005ZTFPFQ|5.0|5-star to offset those n00bz reviewz...  I can appreciate how this product is (even without trying it... we need a n00b deletion strategy on Amazon *laughs*). Just one game for free, but it does the job well.  If you bought all 100 physical game copies, it would be well over the $10 they offer (probably the thousands or higher).
B000FC13Y0|5.0|I didn't know about this book until I saw, and loved, the movie. I ordered the book and it did not disappoint; Neil Gaiman has since become one of my favorite authors.
1451648537|4.0|Very good service - the book arrived in perfect state way before the expected date. I haven't finished reading it yet, but so far I'm really enjoying it!
B00008DDXL|5.0|Movie will start automatically at 1 min., 13 sec. if you have not chosen an option in menu.<br />  2 hours, 40 mins. Rated &#34;PG&#34;. Released November 3, 2002 (UK).<br />  This is the second movie, the sequel to [[ASIN:B00003CXI1 Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (Two-Disc Special Widescreen Edition)]] (2001).<br /> Returning: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Richard Griffiths, Fiona Shaw, Harry Melling, James Phelps, Oliver Phelps, Julie Walters, Robbie Coltrane, Alan Rickman, Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Bonnie Wright, Chris Rankin, Tom Felton, Ben Borowiecki, Harry Taylor, Matthew Lewis, Devon Murray, David Bradley, Jamie Waylett, Josh Herdman, Alfie Enough, Eleanor Columbus, Sean Biggerstaff, Emily Date, Danielle Tabor, Warwick Davis, Luke Youngblood, Scot Fearn, David Holmes, Oliver Lavery-Farag, Amy Pugliam, Geraldine Somerville, Adrian Rawlins.<br /><br /> Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), now 12 today, looks through his photo album to see his mom (Geraldine Somerville) and dad (Adrian Rawlins) and the friends he misses at Hogwart's School. He is still living with the Dursley's and his Aunt (Fiona Shaw), Uncle (Richard Griffiths) and Cousin (Harry Melling) are still mean to him. At least he has his own room upstairs now. His Uncle Vernon wants him to be very quiet while they have company and no magic stuff. Harry receives not a very pleasant visit from Dolby the Elf (voice by Toby Jones). He causes problems for Harry and his uncle puts rails on his windows. He will never allow Harry to go back to the Hogwart's School.<br />  Later that night, Harry receives a visit from Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and his brothers Fred (James Phelps) and George (Oliver Phelps) in a flying blue Ford Anglias. They are there to rescue him and his white owl.<br /> In the Weasley's house, Molly (Julie Walters) shows Harry how to get back to Diagon Alley.<br /> Back at the school, Harry deals with the Chamber of Secrets and destroy its horror.<br /><br /> Also in the cast: Jason Isaacs, Kenneth Branagh, Miriam Margoyles, Shirley Henderson, Christian Coulson.<br /> Julian Glover as the voice of &#34;Aragog&#34;. Leslie Phillips as the voice of &#34;The Sorting Hat&#34;.<br /><br /> This was the last time Richard Harri would play &#34;Professor Dumbledore&#34;. He passed away October 25, 2002 at the age of 72, before the release of this movie. He had Hodgkin's Lymphoma.<br /><br />Note: There is a little scene after the end credits.<br /><br />Option of languages in English, Spanish. Option of Subtitles in English, Spanish, French. Press &#34;Continue&#34;, for Harry Potter Website URL and Warner Brothers Website URL.<br /><br /> Disc One: Cast & Crew, Year One At Hogwart's, Theatrical Trailer.<br /><br /> Disc Two: Special Features: 6 Previews of the video game, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.<br /> 19 additional scenes.<br /> Lockhart's Classroom.<br /> Behind Hogwarts - Conversation with author J. K. Rowling & screenwriter Steve Kloves, tour of Dumbledore's Office, Interviews with the (cast) students, professors and more. Gallery of Production sketches.<br /> Activites: - The Chamber Challenge (Game), The Forbidden Forest (Game), Golin's Darkroom, tour of Diagon Alley.<br /> Spellcaster Knowledge (Game).<br /><br /> Reminder: Put fresh batteries in your DVD remote control [[ASIN:B002UXRXEG Duracell Coppertop AA Batteries, 20-Count]].<br /><br /> Easter Egg: You must get through and complete The Chamber Challenge.<br /> To tour the Snake Chamber (seen near the end of the movie), Click &#34;up&#34; button once. Then click &#34;right&#34; remote control button once. let it turn to the path. You won't see an &#34;up&#34; arrow, but click your &#34;up&#34; button anyway. Ah! You have found the Secret Passage.<br /><br /> The next movie is: [[ASIN:B000W745CU Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Full Screen Edition)]] (2004).<br /><br />Prequels:<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2016).<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 2 to be released November 16, 2018.<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 3 to be released November 20, 2020.<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 4 to be released 2022.<br />Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 5 to be released 2024.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Read the reviews after I ordered the case and expected to return it but I love the thing.  It protects the kindle, is lightweight, attractive and makes a perfect stand too.    It reminds me again to read lots of reviews before passing on an item.  I'm not sure what prompts the damning reviews but sometimes, as in this case, they are not justified.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Excellent and endlessly useful. I love the interface and have had zero issues with this app and the accompanying service.
B005FVFWOI|5.0|I've been listening to Aqualung in most if its incarnations (including vinyl, tape and a variety of CD remasterings) since I was 17. It's no secret that the record was recorded and/or mixed poorly, and that Tull fans have been frustrated greatly over the years by that fact.  With the lone exception of the DCC/Steve Hoffman remastering from several years ago (which provided some hope), there hasn't been much about which to rave. Fortunately, time marches on and with it, technological progress.   The latest re-imagination of Aqualung is nothing short of stellar. The veil has been lifted and, for the first time, one can hear the record in all of its intended sonic glory. The muddy sound is gone, replaced with a clarity that is startling from beginning to end. Instruments that could not be heard on prior releases, hit the knowing listener by surprise. It's both a shock and a delight for someone like me who has listened to the record probably thousands of times. On first listen, I found myself thinking repeatedly \\"I never heard that before ... where'd it come from?\\" The genius of Anderson and his bandmates with respect to these songs is realized completely and finally.    That notwithstanding, the real \\"revelation\\" here (all puns intended) is Clive Bunker, JT's original drummer.  He has been one of my favorites for years, but his work on Aqualung seemed compromised by the flat, muddy sound. No longer.  Clive's drums are brought to the fore, but are not overbearing. One can now hear that each drum stroke has a purpose, each cymbal crash is placed thoughtfully.  Importantly, Clive's immense skill as a musician and his sheer musicality shine brightly throughout.        Other reviewers have done an excellent job in detailing each song on both discs, so there's no sense in repetition.  The bottom line here is that lovers of this music are in for a sonic treat, the likes of which have not been heard previously.  This is a must have, so .... what are you waiting for? Buy it!
B005KELW26|5.0|Love the cover, love the color!! It fits my Fire perfectly. I pre-ordered it and it arrived the same day as my fire. The cover does not add any bulk, and everyone loves it. I just wish it came in red!!
B0049P1VHS|5.0|The Walking Dead is to zombie movies what The Sopranos was to gangster movies:  a chance to expand the genre into something new and more detailed.  Your standard zombie flick pits a few people against an army of zombies and offers plenty of gory violence.  The Walking Dead does the same thing, but has an emphasis on plot and character that most zombie films don't.  This isn't to denigrate the movies, but you can do a lot more with a story if you have five hours (in the first season) than only 90 minutes.  The Walking Dead's principal protagonist is deputy Rick Grimes who (in shades of 28 Days Later) wakes up from a gunshot-induced semi-coma to find the world is a much grimmer place.  Most of civilization has fallen due to a zombie epidemic (actually, in the show, \\"zombie\\" is not used; the preferred term is \\"walker\\").  Fortunately, they are the \\"classic\\" slow moving zombies; unfortunately, there are millions of them.  The early part of the six-episode season focuses on Grimes's attempts to find his family.  It's not much of a spoiler to indicate his wife and son are alive (it's revealed early on) and eventually he will join them and a group of other survivors.  Grimes's role as an authority figure puts him in a leadership position (taking it over from his cop partner, who had the role first).  It is an inherently unstable position since the law doesn't really exist anymore.  For Grimes, there is also the struggle to maintain his natural integrity.  At one point, he will risk his life (and others') to attempt to rescue a nasty drug-addled racist.  Later, he will drive a decision for the group to leave their camp and seek refuge at a different place, a location that will seem safer but also bears a terrible secret.  Since you are with these characters for a longer period of time than in a movie, they wind up involving you more, which heightens the suspense.  This is one of the goriest TV series to ever appear on a non-premium channel, but it works in its context.  It won't appeal to a lot of people for this reason, but for those who like zombie stories, this is superb entertainment.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|The UltraViolet digital copy is a complete rip-off and waste of time.  The app is buggy and forces you to install it on all of your iOS devices to watch something that should be integrated with iTunes.  WB should fire the marketing guys in charge of coming up with this UltraViolet mess.
0062060554|3.0|The book is about a woman who suffered a traumatic head injury 20+ years ago resulting in amnesia. She can't rmrmber her past, and can't remember one day to the next. To attempt to hold on to some memory and her sanity she starts to keep a journal which she rereads from start to finish every day. This is per the advice of a doctor and is kept secret from her husband. Through the journal entries she grows suspicious of her husband. The book is about her quest to regain her memory and remember what brought her to this day and place.   It is an unconventional mystery. There is a substantial amount of suspension of disbelief required. As others have noted, the biggest problem is the pacing of the book, it is quite a rough slog at first and did not grab my attention until I was halfway through. I did enjoy the second half of the book but I think overall the book could've used some editing.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|I actually haven't purchased the soundtrack--yet--but I just saw the movie and I already can tell: this is the best Twilight soundtrack yet! The music is by far the best thing about the films, and Breaking Dawn Part One takes the cake.   I was a little surprised at the Bruno Mars inclusion, but it by no means ruined the soundtrack. (For all the haters: if you don't like the song, just don't listen to it!)   I was especially pleased to hear a Sleeping at Last song. I'm a big fan of his and am excited to see his fame grow.   Iron & Wine is always a joy, as is Christina Perri. I was surprised and slightly disappointed when I heard there wouldn't be a Muse song, but to be honest while watching the film I completely forgot about it, I was so swept away by the other songs!   In short, if you've enjoyed the obscure indie numbers from the previous soundtracks, you won't be disappointed by this one. I'll be purchasing this album as soon as possible!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This app allows me the flexibility to capture, create, organize, &amp; think creatively wherever I go without worrying about transferring the idea to another format or device.  Tags and notebooks are great.  If you are a GTD follower, I can think of no better app.
B005D9B26E|5.0|I don't think it's fair to give such an amazing product a 3-star review because it's missing a few elements we'd all like. Of course we want the entire double-album in 5.1 sound, of course we want a live gig included, of course we want vinyl included, but we also want Moon and Entwistle back. So, I'd like to comment just on what we have here, which is an amazing box set that's worth buying for yourself or a Who fan in your life.<br /><br />First, the remaster. For the reviewers who are saying this is not a 2011 remaster, I have to disagree. Played side by side with the last remaster, there's some extra clarity, and listening to it again is a real pleasure. The demos, compiled in album sequence, are fascinating. Pete Townshend came to the studio with practically album-ready mixes of his songs, the only thing missing being the world's greatest rhythm section, Daltrey's voice and the tension that always arose when these guys played together--even in the studio. The 5.1 thing also sounds great. I'm not sure why the whole album wasn't included, but maybe it would have been overkill.<br /><br />As for the lack of vinyl (which also might have been overkill), I'm not concerned, and the lack of a live show is sort of understandable. The early Quadrophenia shows were (though incredible by most band's standards) a little messy, as the band tried to play with the sound effects and maintain a Tommy-like narrative with a story that was not as episodic. Of course, now I say that they'll probably release a great live version next year.<br /><br />The supplemental materials are good. I'm not wild about B&W photo-after-photo of Jimmy on his scooter, but the studio notes and handwritten facsimiles are really interesting--and probably framable for the Who fanatic. The book is really nice as a whole, and fun to flip through. The 5:15 single (not to mention the poster) is pretty much a throwaway, but it's a cool reminder of how we used to listen to this stuff.<br /><br />Price is going to be an issue for some people, and understandably. Buying the 2CD edition that also came out, you don't get all the demos (not to mention the book, etc.), but that will run you $25. The Demos would be another $25, the surround sound maybe $10. After that you're looking at $60 remaining, which is kind of acceptable for the poster, facsimile notes and the book.<br /><br />What's interesting here, overall, is that this music (like Smile and Aqualung) still makes such a huge impact on people. Like the Live at Leeds box, sure, we have bought several iterations of this album over the years, but some music is really worth it.derstandably. Buying the 2CD edition that also came out, you don't get all the demos (not to mention the book, etc.), but that will run you $25. The Demos would be another $25, the surround sound maybe $10. After that you're looking at $60 remaining, which is kind of acceptable for the poster, facsimile notes and the book.   What's interesting here, overall, is that this music (like Smile and Aqualung) still makes such a huge impact on people. Like the Live at Leeds box, sure, we have bought several iterations of this album over the years, but some music is really worth it.
1592332803|5.0|I've only scratched the surface of this book and am already in love with it! I'm so excited to have sweet treats to bring along to share with friends, after all who doesn't LOVE chocolate chip cookies! I think it's too cool when someone says \\"woah, that's Vegan?\\"  This book is helping me to share the Vegan love everywhere I go :)
0061733199|5.0|I HAVE BEEN OUTDOORS FOR 67 YEARS, AND I EVEN LEARNED A FEW THINGS FROM THIS BOOK - I'm giving all my grandkids a copy of this book, since they are taking on Mother Nature in ernest. I should take some time and edit this book, adding many additional techniques and many preparations before going out there. I'm sure most outdoors people could do the same... Maybe it would get too thick, and we would be less likely to use it. The bottom line is, BUY THIS BOOK, READ IT, AND HAVE YOUR SIBLINGS READ IT...
B004Y1USV2|5.0|Yes has perplexed me for the past 10 years.  While I finally got to see the \\"classic\\" line up in 2004, I've grown weary of the incessant line up changes and sub-standard material (Open Your Eyes and Magnification are currently on my coffee table sitting under Coke cans).  Without Jon Anderson singing, I have even less interest.  However, I couldn't help noticing all of the positive comments about this album.  I bought it, and OMG...this IS the follow up to Drama and could easily have been released in 81 or 82.  The sound and the music fit very nicely into that era.  Even though Drama doesn't feature Jon Anderson, it has to be one of the best Yes Albums, and although there is no replacing him, Benoit David does an outstanding job here.  This band has nothing to prove to anyone, so it seems as if they are content to let the music do the talking.  I look forward to seeing this line up live at some point.
B00479SVBU|5.0|This is a good substitution for regular or satellite radio. You can listen to what you want, when you want. Very easy to set up and use.
B003JLA4KS|5.0|I've always liked Rush, but haven't gone to extreme lengths to track down information about them. I enjoy the music and often find myself wondering about how they create music and what drives them. In my mind I had come to believe that they always play every note flawlessly and that they lived in an ivory tower and sprinkled perfect songs onto the rest of us. It's nice to see them as silly, nerdy, socially awkward human beings who even have trouble playing their most ambitious music at times.<br />This documentary spends quite a bit of time on the early years, focusing most of its attention on the albums that are dear to every Rush fan...and thankfully devotes very little time to the years when they kinda went off the rails. I enjoyed every minute of the movie and immediately watched all the special features, which I never do. Can't wait to watch it again and see what I missed the first time.
0060595183|5.0|Though Aldous Huxley is best known for his fiction, he has a certain cult following for his research and experiences in hallucinogenics. This book is a collection of the two most prominent essay, originally published separately, \\"The Doors of Perception\\" and \\"Heaven and Hell\\".   In \\"Doors of Perception\\", Huxley presents his experiences as an argument for the use hallucinogens as a means for opening the mind with previously unavailable experiences. Though it is the shortest of the two volumes, it presents more action.  The narrator visits locations under the influences, and even becomes transfixed by the creases in his trousers.  In \\"Heaven and Hell\\", Huxley introduces the idea that spiritual insight and personal revelation can also be achieved through the use of hallucinogens.  Explorations of arts is the primary means through which this line of thinking is explored. This book is sectioned into chapters, which makes it seems somewhat choppy.  I do not see this book as an endorsement of hallucinogenics, but a documentation of the experience. It is what is possible under measured circumstances. I do not suspect all readers will feel a yearning for the experience after reading the book.
B004GYY714|5.0|Very easy and fun to use.  Really like the police and fire scanner function. Loads stations quickly, including AM. Very useful.
B003ODL004|5.0|Neoclassical-with-synths dynamic all-instrumental score. Richard Strauss via Philip Glass to Hans Zimmer to CD. Not necessary to see movie to like, especially since not much of a cue sequence disk.  Only mildly atonal, falls well on the ears these days for those liking power music.  Soft to loud, then very loud, then soft dynamics in reverberant sound space: not suited to car players, Lilith Fair, sipping chai. Bass workout for my $2K subwoofer, much synth heartbeat lub a dub well suited to movie taking place within actors' minds, occasional explosion thwack including subsonics, periods of sweet violin etc. add to emotional impact. Bonus: does not have  unrelated screechy vocal rock metal end track tacked on to clear the theater fast.
B005J7K964|4.0|I first saw this back in 1985 right after it came out on VHS (VHS...so 80's!)  Anyways, I fell in love with it.  I was already a silent film fan so I was used to watching silent movies.  Back then, there was no such thing as digital restoration.  My silent film collection were literally done by small companies that pointed a video camera to a small screen while projecting a 16mm print.  Metropolis was actually a big budget video release compared to my other movies, so I was impressed with the quality of my vhs copy.  The soundtrack was fantastic, and to be honest, this is the only version of the film I ever enjoyed.  My teenage kids wore out my vhs copy they liked it so much.  I was very excited at the prospect of a blu-ray release.  The quality is much better than my vhs copy ever was of course, but I am a little disappointed with Kino.  The movie has not been restored.  Lots of scratches, specs, etc.  It just doesn't look the way a blu-ray should look.  What's the point of blu-ray if the source print isn't restored?  I bought my brother a dvd copy of it, and I can't tell the difference between the dvd and blu-ray.  Don't get me wrong.  Those of us who love this film are thrilled to death, and I pre-odered mine months ago. The Kino release is the best available and the sound qualitiy is superb.  I just wish Kino had worked on restoring the print.  This is why I gave it four stars instead of five.
B0066457MA|2.0|Everybody knows that dissatisfaction with the product kept most of this from ever seeing the light of day IN THIS FORM despite monetary incentives to release until now. I have gone much out of my way to 3 live Beach Boys concerts, have almost everything the group ever released since 1961, and feel no need to add this set, sorry to rain on anyone's parade by saying every artist has off days out loud. As standalone music, not my cuppa tea--listening to samples may suggest it is yours tho.
B000002H2H|5.0|If you're new to Metallica, this and the follow up, Master Of Puppets, are the albums to get, if you're a metal fan anyways. these 2 are hands down their best.  For an, at the time, little known metal band, the production is really good. Everyone is in top form. James's vocals are a little higher than they'd be after this album, which adds to the charm of this album. The band was driven. they had some good material, partly thanks to Megadeth frontman Dave Mustaine. And they put together a flawless album worthy of every metal fan's attention.  Fight Fire With Fire 10/10 - starts off with an acoustic intro that fades out as the electric guitars fade in. All this to lead into possibly the fastest Metallica song ever. This is a perfect opener with great guitar work, and vocals. this is definitely in a long list of favorite songs by Metallica, which every song with lyrics on this album actually are on.  Ride The Lightning 9/10 is an upper mid tempo song with solid vocals and a nice riff in the verses. Plus a catchy chorus. Overall a very good song.  For Whom The Bell Tolls 10/10 might be my favorite Metallica song ever. Granted it has stiff competition, but it might be. This one has a nice groove to it. This one's still fairly heavy, but not as heavy as the past 2 songs. There are some good melodies, and the guitar playing is really good. I hate to give credit to Lars, but his drums really add power to this song.  Fade To Black 9/10 is the first Metallica ballad. It starts with an acoustic guitar with some electric leads. It doesn't really have a chorus, just a riff, instrumental based chorus, similar to what Black Sabbath did a lot. And it works fine. The first 2 verses are slow ballad acoustic style, then the song speeds up for the bridge and solo. Overall a very good song.  Trapped Under Ice 9/10 after a ballad, what do any good metal bands do? They come back with a fast paced thrasher, which is what they did here. This is the second fastest song on the album. The song has a nice pace to it, and is an overall fun listen.  Escape 9/10 is kind of the pop song of the album. Odd it gets no recognition. This is probably the catchiest song on the album. This one's similar pacing to Ride The Lightning. It has a really good chorus, and is yet another in a long list of great songs on here.  Creeping Death 10/10 is another contender for favorite Metallica song. It's a fairly fast paced thrasher with a great horus. It has some slower parts as well and is a great way to close out the album.   Then there's an instrumental which I won't rate because I'm not really into instrumentals. It's played just fine, so I'm sure for fans of them it'll do.  Overall if you're a metal fan new to Metallica, which would be surprising, this is a good place to start. You won't be disappointed.
B005N0C0JQ|4.0|Great -- and successful -- solo album from Noel, and a worthy counterpart to the fine Beady Eye release. They're sort of two halves of a whole, really, and I often find myself playing the pair on shuffle to create a faux new Oasis release! In truth, Noel's record doesn't rock as much; it's more a collection of Oasis-style ballads and the Kinks-esque vamps for which he's developed a fondness. Standouts are Soldier Boys & Jesus Freaks, If I Had a Gun, the catchy Record Machine, and the brilliant lost Oasis tune Stop the Clocks. My review specifically addresses the limited JAP edition, which is, sadly, how the album SHOULD have come out. Along with the sturdy box packaging and the bonus Making Of DVD, it includes two killer new songs: The Good Rebel, a rocking Beatles homage that masterfully blends Ticket to Ride, Rain, and even TNK; and A Simple Game of Genius, an epic ballad with a chord progression that echoes ELO's 10538 Overture or Paul Weller's The Changingman -- and is now my favorite track on the record! These two great tracks also stretch the album to a respectable 54 minutes, so their being left off the standard issue is a bit of a blunder, musically and artistically. No question, the record is much stronger with them (and a better value for fans), so spend the extra cash and get this version.
B005MMYCY6|1.0|im surprised Lars Ulrich hasn't sued for the rights of the lightning bolt font yet. seeing as the world owes him a living.
B005D51JQQ|3.0|Ok, this package is very nice and is indeed the utlimate hits collection.  The remastering is subtle and overall a great package - if you don't have his albums/CD's.  But I wonder how many people are out there that would shell out this money that wouldn't have bothered by his regular CD's!  I've been a long time Sting/Police fan and I can tell you - what really would have been awesome would have been a comprehensive collection of Sting's rarities.  He has over 40 B-sides and contributions to tribute CD's and soundtracks - and there are some spectacular tracks in the group.  One of his cool early B-Sides - \\"Another Day\\" has never appeared on CD (other than a live version).  I think a collection of this nature would have had some great potential and hopefully will be considered some day.
B005JLN9ZI|5.0|Take Care represents a huge step up for Drake in many categories. Thank Me Later was a decent first effort (first effort meaning first full-length LP, I know he released So Far Gone first) but it was also very disjointed and lacked direction. Take Care is Drake finding that direction and making a CD that definitely sounds like the CD he wanted to make with no concessions.  This is an ambitious project; clocking in at just under 80 minutes, it's mere seconds from being too big to fit on a disc; with 17 complete tracks and featuring interludes and even some poetry between them, this is an album that needs to be listened to the entire way through,  and in order, as listening to a few songs just doesn't do it justice. 40 produced most of it, and the CD carries the same dreamy and ambient sound that was featured in Thank Me Later, but to a much larger extent. That's not to say it's all slow; the songs in the middle of the CD pack a real punch and have more energy than anything on his last effort.   Take Care seems almost divided into different acts. Act 1 lasts from the 1st track to Marvin's Room, and it favors soft production and a slow, relaxed atmosphere, mixing singing and rapping. Marvin's Room ends with an interlude featuring a sick rap verse by Kendrick Lamar, and that signals the start of Act 2, which is punch-you-in-the-face hip hop production and energetic rap. The next songs feature minimal singing, and are very rap-driven. Drake's flow has improved significantly from his last CD, and he demonstrates that very well here. Lyrically I wouldn't say he's grown as much as I'd hoped he would, but he still gets in some great lines. This leads to the Good Ones Go interlude at the end of Cameras, and this signals the start of what I call Act 3, home to the slower R&B-sounding songs. Doing it Wrong is the only song on the album without any rapping, though it has a great Stevie Wonder guest appearance as he plays the song out with the harmonica. This is followed by another song where Drake sings, not raps, though Lil Wayne and Andre 3000 do provide the rap honors.   The \\"act\\" structure seems to end there, though. The next song is one of the most interesting in the album; it's called Look What You've Done, and it sees a return to straight up rap, with Drake expressing to his mother and to his uncle how much they meant to him. He raps over a catchy piano melody instead of a beat, and it ends with an answering machine message from his grandma, and it's during this type of song that I realized that, damn, this guy's really doing something different here.   With the exception of the totally unnecessary Juvenile remake, (Practice) the CD ends on a high note with HYFR and a great final track called The Ride.   I can't express enough how excellent the production is here; the whole album has a \\"feeling\\" and it definitely pulls you into it. Lord Knows is another song that just doesn't sound like anything else I've heard before, and Underground Kings is just awesome.   It's a great listen all in all, and it balances hip hop and R&B much better than on Thank Me Later. If there's one complaint, I wish Drake would lose the R&B stuff entirely; Shot for Me and Practice are 2 straight R&B tracks that just really slow the album and stand out, not in a great way. Drake the singer is just not nearly as interesting as Drake the rapper and he's much cornier. Similarly, the CD hits a little bit of a road bump in Act 3 with the 2 slow songs in a row; I feel like just one would have kept the CD flowing much better. And as I hinted at earlier, I feel like lyrically Drake should maybe be searching for new subject matter, but these complaints don't stop what ends up being a great CD.  Here's the thing; if you listen to this expecting a straight up hip hop record, you'll be disappointed; Drake obviously has no intention of doing that. There's a lot of hip hop on here and some of it's pretty awesome, but Take Care is a ride, all about mood, and not all of it isachieved through rapping. And you're meant to go along for it. Pop the CD in with an open mind and you'll appreciate what Drake was trying to create. And it's pretty incredible how successful he was with it. Unless Eminem releases a surprise CD this year, I can't see what's going to stop Drake from getting a Grammy for this one.
B004VD3YIM|5.0|- this app is the best camera viewing app I could find. Works great developer responded to my emails regarding a camera I have that was not listed.
630463949X|5.0|THIS LIVE PERFORMANCE IS AMONG THE BEST. IF YOU LIKE FLEETWOOD MAC YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. MICK FLEETWOOD ROCKS ON THE DRUMS, AND THE HARMONY AND VOCALS ARE JUST GREAT. THE USC MARCHING BAND JOINS IN ON \\"TUSK\\" AND \\"DON'T STOP\\" - GREAT AND FUN PERFORMANCES.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|App does exactly what it claims on Droid X2. Fast, and the Widgets for the analog weather clock are unique and very cool, not to mention accurate. Very impressed with this app and the flexibility that it provides and the amount of data that is made available.
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|been playing this for awhile (off and on) .. suddenly my progress was lost and requiring me to start from beginning again.... uninstalling!
0385534639|5.0|For the first few pages, I was hesitant about this story based on the style. I did not like the present tense and the wording. However, it quickly sucked me in and I found myself completely immersed in the plot and descriptive text. Great book. Full of magical inventions and such detail. Highly recommend it. My only disappointment is the author has not yet published anything else for me to get my hands on.
B00457X7XQ|2.0|Started with high hopes based on the premise but fell wayyyyyy short  A \\"techie\\" and legal assistant stop a cyber attack on the free world by three Arabs holed up a cheap apartment in Paris??  Please...totally implausible to the point of unreadable Oh what it \\"coulda' been\\"  Dont bother with it
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use this app across my iMac,  Macbook, iPhone, and now Kindle Fire.  Works great in every platform.  I love the functionality on my Fire.
B00005T30L|5.0|I have fought for sometime now the urgings of several people to see this film.  I finally buckled under pressure and gave it a shot.  The film started as I suspected it would and I immediately felt put upon for being talked into watching yet another mindless teen movie filled with teen pranks and teen nonsense.  I am not, mind you, anti-teen having been one myself many years ago and knowing many fine ones now that I am entering the twilight of my years, but when all is said and done, if you have seen one teen movie, you have seen them all.<br /><br />Well after watching the film for just a bit they switched horses on me and I now have to admit that I was wrong.<br /><br />The plot has already been summarized here to no end and there are a number of great reviews already posted which will give you a great blow by blow account so I will be rather brief.  This is the story of primarily thee very disenfranchised individuals; two young, one older who is a quirky sort of way represent an growing subculture in our society today.  These are the people who drift among us and indeed, are some of us, that go unnoticed for the most part.  Everyone knows these folks; young and old.  They are the quirky kids in school that really do not fit in and are those that we like to call \\"under achievers.\\" They are with us; but at the same time they are not.<br /><br />Two young girls, recently graduated from high school, become involved with an older man...just friends, and all share the common loneliness, disassociation and mindless boredom which have over taken a large segment of our society.  Sort of shopping, dead end jobs, escape into meaningless hobbies and meaningless or non existent goals.  No beginning, no middle and when it comes to the end - what now?  It is much like the old song, \\"Is that all there is?\\"<br /><br />The actors in this film are perfect.  Lines are delivered in a dead-pan sort of way along with all facial expressions.  I am not sure how the actors pulled this off, but pull it off they did.  There are some truly funny scenes in this one in an understated sort of way and many lines that are delivered equally as well.  The viewer needs to be aware of this and watch closely.<br /><br />I personally found this film to be extremely sad on so very many levels.  I suppose that the saddest part of the whole thing is that there was so much truth being told here.  If we all look at our own lives carefully, we may quite well find something of ourselves in these characters and the situation they find themselves in.<br /><br />For me, an added bonus was the fact that I am a big fan of the underground artist Robert Crumb.  Wow, does this film have him written all over it.<br /><br />I don't feel this movie is for everyone; no, most certainly not.  It will be one you will either \\"get\\" and love, or one that you thoroughly hate.  I do know that in my case, it will be quite some time before this one leaves my mind.  Actually, truth be told, I am going to have to watch this one again simply because I am not at all sure if I \\"got\\" it all with just one viewing, especially when you consider my mind-set going into this thing.<br /><br />Don Blankenship<br />The Ozarkssome truly funny scenes in this one in an understated sort of way and many lines that are delivered equally as well.  The viewer needs to be aware of this and watch closely.  I personally found this film to be extremely sad on so very many levels.  I suppose that the saddest part of the whole thing is that there was so much truth being told here.  If we all look at our own lives carefully, we may quite well find something of ourselves in these characters and the situation they find themselves in.   For me, an added bonus was the fact that I am a big fan of the underground artist Robert Crumb.  Wow, does this film have him written all over it.  I don't feel this movie is for everyone; no, most certainly not.  It will be one you will either \\"get\\" and love, or one that you thoroughly hate.  I do know that in my case, it will be quite some time before this one leaves my mind.  Actually, truth be told, I am going to have to watch this one again simply because I am not at all sure if I \\"got\\" it all with just one viewing, especially when you consider my mind-set going into this thing.   Don Blankenship  The Ozarks
B005CWRB44|4.0|Its a bright light that you wont even notice in your pocket.  I used to carry a LD10 and got this since Im always looking to go with a smaller light with more brightness.  Only thing I miss about the LD10 is the tailcap switch, I dont really like turning the head to turn it on, but its not a deal breaker.<br /><br />8-2014<br />3 years later the light still works with no malfunctions.  This is one bright light for its size, really handy to have on you, and its so small you can put it anywhere.  The battery lasts a long time with intermittant use.  I sometimes put it in the MagLight mini headband and use it as a headlamp at work.  All this time Ive had it the head has never vibrated/unscrewed off by itself, to turn it off I unscrew the head until it shuts off then no more - not until its loose.  The head has not gotten loose over the years to operate.  I really like this light for its size/brightness/cost.  It may not be the brightest mini light there is but it has done no wrong by me.  Good buy!
1416550550|5.0|The Forgotten Garden pulls together the threads of a story that started at the turn of the 20th century and ends almost 100 years after.  As a reader, you are given clues through story telling that switches back and forth in time as Cassandra tries to piece together a story thirty years after her grandmother stopped looking.  I loved the wide range of time periods involved in the book.  You get to experience the very harsh life that was the reality for an orphan in Victorian England as well as modern day Australia.  I was afraid that the jumping back and forth in time might become confusing or tiresome, but it added to the story and kept you guessing when you thought you figured everything out.<br /><br />My real love of the book came from the characters.  Since you are the reader, you get to know all of the characters in their respective times.  I grew very attached to all of them and I loved being able to see the way their stories fit together.  Their real connection was that of loss.  All of the wonderful women in this book, even the villains, were trapped either by the societal norms of the day or their own tragic losses.  It made the story come to life and even though I loved the ending, I really wish the book had gone on much longer.
0439023521|1.0|This is a horribly unoriginal series.  Readers should go and review Koushun Takami's Battle Royale, a Japanese kill or be killed, much more twisted, dark and interesting thriller.  Suzanne Collins' striking and paralleled story to Takami's is a failed attempt at excitement.
B0013LL2Z2|4.0|It was great to revisit \\"Logan's Run\\", a fun science fiction film from the mid 1970s.  Made a year or so before the more famous \\"Star Wars\\", the first impression of the special effects did not come up to that standard.  The models were pretty well-made but the fake explosions and sparks and super-imposing looked cheap.  The close-ups of some of the buildings were clearly 1970s architecture.  And 70s haircuts have returned in the year 2274!<br /><br />Story and Plot:<br />Despite these misgivings, Michael York does a great \\"Sandman\\".  The Sandmen are police enforcers that ensure that everyone attains \\"Carousel\\", where you are \\"renewed\\" but in actual fact are destroyed at the age of 30.<br />The computer control has a perfect society and has worked out a great way at population control.  Give everyone a life clock on your hand from the time you are born. And when you flash red, you will either be renewed or become a \\"runner\\" and get the heck out of there!  Sandmen kill runners.<br /><br />This society looks pretty cool - no one works, everyone gets into a hedonistic lifestyle.  There are a few mild nude scenes and the woman who plays Jessica (Jenny Agutter) is pretty easy on the eyes.<br /><br />Themes:<br />When this Sandman is instructed by computer control to search out \\"Sanctuary\\", the center of the resistance, he is told he is to be a runner.  His life clock is changed and accelerated.  \\"Hey, I still have four more years, will I get them back?\\"  Silence!<br />Realizing that his mission was fake and his search for Sanctuary was useless, he has various adventures \\"Outside\\" and is chased by his best friend Frank, who searches for him.  A run-in with a crazy robot and meeting Peter Ustinov in a wreck that was once Congress (no change there, LOL) are some of the highlights.<br /><br />Bottom Line:<br />Great look at some interesting science fiction themes of betrayal, apparent utopia with a few catches, and some interesting futuristic inventions (though their cell phones are pretty darn big!).  Recommended for the film historian.  Definitely would make a great remake.  Jerry Goldsmith music has some pretty funky electronic funky music!<br /><br />DVD:  \\"Special Features\\" included an interesting \\"Making Of\\" from the 1970s but outside of scene selections was unremarkable.ilm historian.  Definitely would make a great remake.  Jerry Goldsmith music has some pretty funky electronic funky music!   DVD:  \\"Special Features\\" included an interesting \\"Making Of\\" from the 1970s but outside of scene selections was unremarkable.
B004A8ZWW4|5.0|I was almost refusing to go to the moving when my husband said \\"robots\\" but let me tell you awesome movie amazing actors!!!
B0058VA2TU|5.0|What a awesome album.great drums guitar bass and vocals!anthrax has always been my favorite thrash band.this album is what metal is about.this album has it all.and the mastering is fantastic.it's cranked but it sounds crisp and dynamic.this albums has old school sound with a sound of modern metal it sounds fresh.best album since persistance of time.<br />I'd love to hear the vinyl!
B000002MTR|5.0|I'll admit to being a bigger Jane's Addiction fan than a RHCP fan.  This CD seemed to capture the best of both bands, and it sounds unlike either band.  Dave Navarro and Flea express great synergy and really put out some great guitar/bass interplay.  Unlike the powerful-but-repetitive bass of Jane's Eric Avery and the too-funky guitar of RJCP's, this was an artistic balance of two great musicians that each seemed to be leading the other.
B0009P5YXO|5.0|My daughter's ninth birthday was approaching and she wanted a sonic screwdriver above all things...but not just any sonic screwdriver, she wanted the tenth doctor's sonic screwdriver.  Well, I bought her one, but I secretly got one for myself too!  She just about had a fit when she opened the box and found her very own sonic tool!  You just had to see her face.  So precious.  I just had to get one for myself, I knew I'd have a hard time letting her play with it if I didn't.  Over all the best toy I've bought her yet.
B004RKXNDU|5.0|Not just one of the best of LeCarre's novels, but one of the best spy stories of the last half of the 20th century. Characters float in and out of the story until suddenly the interplay begins. It's not James Bond, it's a cerebral story and a telling tale on British post war mores and manners.
B004XGN8W4|5.0|Well after watching almost every video review on youtube and reading articles all day i finally decided to make the jump and purchase this bad boy. i love it! this has been one of the best investments i've made in a while. i'm in the military and this is going to make deployments so much more bearable. i know it's pricey, it only displays 720p but in all honesty it's well worth it. if you have the money to burn and are looking for something convenient and something to keep that gamer in your life busy then buy this. my xbox 360 slim fits perfect and i've been playing skyrim on it for about 2 days and the graphics are amazing, great resolution. speakers aren't that great but i've got me some nice audio technicas that work perfectly. i'm sure the price will go down soon but i had to have this, seeing how deployment is coming soon.
0307891372|5.0|Unlike the game itself, the book does not ruin your experience with Steam.  It's layed out pretty much like the books in the previous incarnations of the game.  The game is much bigger, so the book is bigger too.  Really the complaints about the font size are unwarranted.  There's simply a lot of material to cover and you have to fit it in.  It's a reference book, not a novel!  Sheeze.  If you're going to inflict Steam on yourself to play the game, then the book is necessary if you want to make sense of things.  I mean you can play the game without it, but you'll walk right past a lot of the hidden stuff.  So get it!
B0056K4V04|4.0|I looked forward to this box of Maazel recordings, which on the face of things looks exciting. Chief interests for me were the chance to reacquire his complete Beethoven Symphonies from Cleveland, along with a number of other Cleveland recordings I hadn't owned since the LP era, and his Mahler 1 with the French National Orchestra that had never been released on CD.<br /><br />I started my listening at the beginning with the Beethoven Symphonies, and I'm sorry to report that Sony hasn't spent a red cent improving the harsh and almost-unlistenable sound they gave these recordings on their initial CD release over 20 years ago. The LP set itself featured better sound, though in the flat Sony style of the late 70s. It's instructive to listen to Maazel's Sony recordings of the era alongside his contemporaneous Decca recordings from Cleveland. It's night and day! One company knew how to record this fabulous orchestra (Decca), and one company seemed obsessed with making stereo sound like cheap mono (that would be Sony).<br /><br />I went back to reread the Gramophone reviews of the LP versions of this cycle and was rather surprised to read reviewers of note commenting on how great the recorded sound was! Taking the reviews to heart, I decided to give the Beethoven Symphonies in this set another listen and to see if fiddling with the dials might do some good. I was able to mitigate the harshness with a -2db cut to the treble. That seemed to help the overall sound of these Beethoven Symphonies. They now more closely resemble the sound I remember from the LPs. However, the recordings themselves are still incredibly flat, with little front-to-back perspective. But I must say that if you are willing to spend the time and energy experimenting on a better-than-mid-fi system that you can get better results from these Beethoven recordings than if you just pop them in your system and play them back at your normal settings.<br /><br />I also tried the Cleveland \\"Ein Heldenleben\\" using the same adjustments, and I was able to listen to the entire piece straight through, whereas my first encounter with this CD a few months back had me stopping it, so harsh was the sound. I guess the question is whether the normal collector should be asked to take it upon themselves to do the work that Sony SHOULD HAVE DONE to make these recordings listenable. Well, I took the time, and I feel it was worth it, but it sure didn't lessen my disdain for what Sony DIDN'T do with this reissue.<br /><br />One absolute stand-out recording in this set is Maazel's Cleveland/Sony Symphonie fantastique, which he later rerecorded for Telarc. I had never heard his Sony version which had been panned in many forums for bad recorded sound. Well, shock of shocks - this recording is dynamite! The interpretation is unique, and the characterful playing of the Clevelanders surpasses his Telarc version. For all the bad things I've said about this set in this review, this Fantastique redeems the situation quite a bit. As I don't recall ever hearing this recording previously, I can't compare this issue to earlier versions. I think it's in my top 5 for Fantastiques.<br /><br />BTW - the RCA-sourced recordings in this set sound much better than the Sony-sourced material. Comparing them to the Sony-Cleveland recordings leaves me with the same general impression as expressed elsewhere in this review, ie: that Sony didn't bother spending a red cent to improve the sound of recordings that 1. needed to be improved, and 2. could have been improved, as my own dial-turning at home proved.<br /><br />So where did Sony spend their money on this set? In the packaging, which isn't luxurious but isn't cheap, either. Every CD is housed in a sturdy paper sleeve that features the original cover art from what appears to be the German issues of the LPs/CDs. That means 25 different cover designs and sets of 4-color film to do the packaging, packaging one doesn't see until they've opened the shrink wrap on theset (BTW - the same bland cover art is used for each of the 5 CDs that comprise the Beethoven cycle. The US CD version at least featured different portraits of Beethoven on each individual CD). Such packaging ain't cheap, even in these days of computer-based printing technologies. Personally, I would have preferred 30 generic light paper sleeves housing the CDs IF the money saved on packaging had been put into remastering the Cleveland/Sony portion of these recordings.<br /><br />A 64-page CD booklet is included. It is pathetic. No mention of recording dates or venues - anywhere. None of the USUAL kind of information classical music collectors have come to EXPECT when a supposedly major record label opts to issue a large box set centered on a particular artist. There's no bio on Maazel, no information about his career as a major conductor. No info on the orchestras being conducted or the composers being played. No information or liner notes of any kind at all! The book is comprised of 2-pg track listings of the recordings with the cover art for each recording - which already appears on the individual sleeves - taking up space that could have been put to much better use providing some information on Maazel and the various orchestras represented here. Why even include a perfect-bound booklet when it's so useless? Why not include a CD-ROM that featured the liner notes from the original issues? That would have made sense, especially in the case of the Beethoven cycle whose LP issue contained a rather nice booklet of pictures, historical info and a rather controversial-at-the-time essay by Maazel that discussed current approaches to and appreciation of Beethoven's music. Nope. Sony couldn't be bothered to do what every other major label does these days when reissuing older recordings, and that is to spend a few hours and a few dollars remastering them with the latest and not-now-as-expensive-to-obtain computer technologies that one can use in even a home situation to improve the sound of recorded music while providing documentation related to the recordings. In fact, Sony couldn't even be bothered to include the liner notes that were featured on each and every one of these recordings on their initial LP or CD release. How's that for keeping the wants of the classical music lover in mind?<br /><br />Other aggravations include the inclusion of Maazel's complete Pittsburgh set of the Sibelius Symphonies, but minus the thrilling recording of the Violin Concerto with Rachlin that WAS included in the Sibelius box that Sony just reissued earlier this year. I purchased that Sibelius box on its release, and I now will need to hang onto it just to keep the Violin Concerto recording. In addition, we get some repertoire duplication as Sony have included Maazel's early Sony Cleveland Richard Strauss recordings along with his later BMG remakes in Munich (which offer some of the very best recorded sound and performances one will hear on CD anywhere). Missing almost entirely are any vocal/operatic recordings, save for the inclusion of the Wagnerian bleeding chunk recordings he made with the Berlin Phil on BMG that include Waltraud Meier's \\"Liebestod,\\" which stands as the sole representation of Maazel - one of the world's great accompanists - working with a solo artist.<br /><br />I am going to assume that the entire set utilizes the masterings used for the initial CD issues of these various recordings, which means that the digital recordings from both BMG and Sony will sound great while the analogue Sony material will sound unspectacular and unnatural.<br /><br />I'd also mention that a street date for this release was delayed a couple of times. That had me placing and replacing my order with different vendors and then going through the process of canceling the order and/or applying for a refund once a particular vendor decided to give up on ever receiving stock from Sony. That's not a problem now as the set is widely available, but it is anotherexample of Sony screwing up what should be a relatively easy process for a record company, ie: getting a CD release released.<br /><br />In short, Sony has provided a notable example of how NOT to do a reissue project.<br /><br />You'll excuse me if I've obsessed about things here, but that's what happens when the people in charge of issuing these things haven't a clue as to the customer base and market in which they hope to sell their product.<br /><br />I would rate this set as 4 stars - ie: 5 stars for Maazel's wonderful interpretations mitigated by the numerous caveats I've voiced above.rove the sound of recorded music while providing documentation related to the recordings. In fact, Sony couldn't even be bothered to include the liner notes that were featured on each and every one of these recordings on their initial LP or CD release. How's that for keeping the wants of the classical music lover in mind?<br /><br />Other aggravations include the inclusion of Maazel's complete Pittsburgh set of the Sibelius Symphonies, but minus the thrilling recording of the Violin Concerto with Rachlin that WAS included in the Sibelius box that Sony just reissued earlier this year. I purchased that Sibelius box on its release, and I now will need to hang onto it just to keep the Violin Concerto recording. In addition, we get some repertoire duplication as Sony have included Maazel's early Sony Cleveland Richard Strauss recordings along with his later BMG remakes in Munich (which offer some of the very best recorded sound and performances one will hear on CD anywhere). Missing almost entirely are any vocal/operatic recordings, save for the inclusion of the Wagnerian bleeding chunk recordings he made with the Berlin Phil on BMG that include Waltraud Meier's \\"Liebestod,\\" which stands as the sole representation of Maazel - one of the world's great accompanists - working with a solo artist.<br /><br />I am going to assume that the entire set utilizes the masterings used for the initial CD issues of these various recordings, which means that the digital recordings from both BMG and Sony will sound great while the analogue Sony material will sound unspectacular and unnatural.<br /><br />I'd also mention that a street date for this release was delayed a couple of times. That had me placing and replacing my order with different vendors and then going through the process of canceling the order and/or applying for a refund once a particular vendor decided to give up on ever receiving stock from Sony. That's not a problem now as the set is widely available, but it is anotherexample of Sony screwing up what should be a relatively easy process for a record company, ie: getting a CD release released.<br /><br />In short, Sony has provided a notable example of how NOT to do a reissue project.<br /><br />You'll excuse me if I've obsessed about things here, but that's what happens when the people in charge of issuing these things haven't a clue as to the customer base and market in which they hope to sell their product.<br /><br />I would rate this set as 4 stars - ie: 5 stars for Maazel's wonderful interpretations mitigated by the numerous caveats I've voiced above.
B005I6EU48|5.0|Great looking, rich cover;  like the cover of an old book. Fits the Kindle Fire perfectly and closes flat. Has an inside pocket. Definitely pleased with this purchase!
B004ZN9RWK|3.0|Dark Side of the Moon deserves 5 stars of course. The actual music content. As for this 'remastered' version, you aren't getting anything different than the original, which is fine. No need to change a flawless album, but don't reissue it for the 10th time then. Honestly, what got to me the most is the fact that the case is just paper and not an actual hard case. This is why people steal music is because it's not worth it to buy the physical album when they're as cheaply made as possible and they have no interest for the fan. I don't blame pink floyd, but whoever the publishers are.<br /><br />Anyways, in conclusion... legendary album as always, pointless remaster/reissue and flimsy cheap case.
0312117337|5.0|This magical and beautifully illustrated deck amazes me how eloquently the text integrates Osho's wisdom. It is of special appeal for anyone who wants to take responsibility for his or her path. Sharp, beautiful, loving, insightful. Kudos to Dava Padma for her tremendous achievement! Zeno [[ASIN:0312117337 Osho Zen Tarot: The Transcendental Game Of Zen]]
0553807919|5.0|I am using this resource in both my personal life, as a mother and grandmother, and my professional life as an early interventionist and infant mental health specialist.  The book is written in such a warm, personal way that the reader feels that the authors have experienced their same challenges (and lapses) of parenting and produced some extaordinary strategies that are feasible to implement.  The techniques are also very useful in addressing adult interpersonal relationships.  I own other books by Dr. Siegel and always enjoy the journey as he describes how the functions of the brain and experience help create the mind.  I have recommended this book to many people and given it as a gift.
B000003TAW|5.0|For this review, I'll review all the tracks on this perfect album  My Name Is Jonas - 4/5: This is a great opener to the album. It sets the overall feel for the rest of it. Great acoustic intro and vocals from Rivers  No One Else - 5/5: This is probably my second favorite song on the album. Simple song about breaking up with a girl.   The World Has Turned And Left Me Here - 10/5: This is my favorite track off of the Blue Album and probably my favorite Weezer song of all time. Just listen and see for yourself  Buddy Holly - 3/5: This song is good, but it's probably my least favorite. I know it is a classic and you should listen to it for sure. This is just my opinion, but many would disagree.  Undone (The Sweater Song) - 5/5: Another great track and a big radio hit. I still hear it being played every once in a while  Surf Wax America - 4/5: Great song. I love the guitar intro and the lyrics are pretty funny (\\"You take your car to work, I'll take my board\\".)  Say It Ain't So - 5/5: The biggest song from this album (single wise). This is the song that first got me into Weezer. Great lyrics  In the Garage - 4/5: Even when I first heard this song I loved it. The lyrics are awesome. Refrences to a ton of different things (KISS, Dungeons and Dragons, X-Men)  Holiday - 4/5: Originally my favorite on the album. Great song. It has a cool slowed down part during the middle where Matt Sharp and Brian Bell sing a little  Only In Dream - 5/5: Great outro to an amazing album. Matt Sharp's bass line is great.  Overall, if you have never listened to Weezer or want a good alternative rock album start with this. I gurantee you will enjoy it. Thanks for reading
0307593312|1.0|This was the worst novel (I read the trilogy on Kindle) I have had the patience to read cover-to-cover.  For the life of me I can't figure out what all of the fanfare is about the story.  The dialog was curt, there were pornographic interludes (including rape and pedophilia) that added nothing to the plot and, in the end, many curiosities were left unexplained.  I couldn't help think Murakami was writing a bizarre self-fantasy, only omitting the consumption of LSD as a catalyst for creativity.  The style is consistently bad.  The story starts strong and gets worse the more you read.  Just when you think it can't get any worse, Murakami takes you to a new level of bad story telling.
B004P98QZ8|5.0|I think that it is a great value for the money and kids simply love it!  I tried buying anything different for Christmas but the LEGO 2507 is it!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it. All the movies in one easy to carry box for a good price.
B004047XXO|5.0|Fast service  Great shape and a decent movie too. Happy to find just what I'm looking for at a good price
B0056BU3I2|4.0|I had not seen any of the \\"Fast and Furious\\" movies, but pre-ordered this one on Amazon.com when I saw that two of my favorite actors were in it:  Vin Diesel & \\"The Rock\\".  They could have done without some of the scenes, though, such as the \\"gay bar\\" stuff.  I really enjoyed the action...fast & furious! :)
B004EPYZOO|3.0|Seller was awesome, but had this listed in 3D movies.... It's not! DVD in good shape just not that good of a movie.  Will do in a pinch though
B002ZG975Q|5.0|Beauty and the Beast has long been my favorite fairy tale. What little girl doesn't love the princess fairy tales? But in all the other princess fairy tales-Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, The Little Mermaid-the guy or girl take one look at the other and-presumably liking the hot prince or princess-fall madly in love. Even as a little girl I realized that Belle's love for the Beast was more 'real' and normal than that of Ariel's or Cinderella's 'love' for their princes.   In this modern-day retelling, we watch self-centered Kyle realize what a shallow life he'd been living and try to make a new start. Lindy is cautious, but ultimately loves him for who he is on the inside, not how he looks. Kyle's often inept attempts to win her heart and her various reactions are a joy to watch, as he tries for the first time to not charm his way into a heart but to earn the love bestowed upon him and she reservedly begins to allow herself to be wooed. Neil Patrick Harris was hilarious, every dryly delivered quip had me smirking or giggling more and reaching for a pen to write them down for later.   Ultimately, it is the tender love story, focusing on the hearts and souls of two people and not how pretty they look together that endeared Beauty and the Beast to me once again. I'd take Kyle over Prince Charming any day. Because he's real.
B005FVFWOI|5.0|The Sound is smooth to this ear. The instruments just leap from my speakers. I cannot detect any compression or limiting. This is really a fantastic remaster of a great album.  My only hope is that they take this much care in the future with such important albums. 10 stars!
1451627289|5.0|I didn't get anything done for those five days. Really, really liked it. Haven't read any of King's books for some time, but the subject of this one grabbed me. Lots of detail and research went into this book. I'm recommending it to friends. Now I think I've got to read \\"Duma Key\\" and \\"Under the Dome\\".
B005CZQ9I0|5.0|I always enjoyed her musical movies. Now  I am enjoying her son \\"That Face\\". Beautiful song. I don't think someone else would have done a better job. I remember the first time I heard it drinking coffee at starbucks. The  song sinked in my head and  I end up purchasing it. I listened to it  on my  way to  work most everyday.
B00005U122|5.0|it's a good item and in good shape and the dlevery was very fast, yhank you.  For the used dvd i was very surprise
B005JLN9ZI|5.0|i am so tired of hearing random sounds like \\"wop wop wop\\" or \\"flocka waka\\" those are not real words. people who make real music make sense for 1, and actually incorporate real instruments in their music for 2 .although most of his songs are for women they have a deeper meaning an encompass more topics.
B004EPZ07K|2.0|I discovered Hal Jordan/Green Lantern on the animated &#34;Challenge of the Super Friends&#34; in the late 1970's.  At the time, Harrison Ford (circa 1980's &#34;The Empire Strikes Back&#34;) was my perfect choice for Green Lantern's live-action movie adaptation.  In June 2011, Warner Bros. & DC Comics finally release a Green Lantern film, leaving audiences to settle for Ryan Reynolds as the title character.  Of available actors, either he or, better yet, Chris Pine were arguably the best known options.  Reynolds subsequently fails to impress in an estimated $300 million production (upon factoring in all the promotional costs).  His shallow efforts are further deep-sixed by an awful script and gaudy CGI special effects imbuing this vastly disappointing film with all the aura of an overblown video game.<br /><br />Director Martin Campbell seemed a logical, slam-bang choice to initiate &#34;Green Lantern&#34; into a super-hero film franchise.  Having seen his high octane efforts reviving Zorro (with Antonio Banderas & Catherine Zeta-Jones) and James Bond twice (with Pierce Brosnan and later Daniel Craig), Campbell normally has a knack of capturing sleek, inspired performances from his actors.  This time, though, Campbell's cast  offers a collective sleepwalking job, as I've seen Green Lantern cartoons with better acting.  Additional sabotage comes from this movie's lackluster script incoherently blending elements from various Green Lantern storylines, which leaves its target PG-13 audience to only undemanding viewers in the 12-25 crowd.<br /><br />The film immediately stumbles into a &#34;Battlestar Galactica&#34;-like voice-over prologue by explaining far too much too soon.  Eerily enough, actor Geoffrey Rush's voice-over even mimics Patrick Macnee's voice from &#34;Galactica.&#34;  Without revealing crucial spoilers, the filmmakers should have saved vital revelations about planet Oa's existence and the Green Lantern Corps for a proposed sequel.  There wasn't enoughscreen time to sufficiently develop Parallax, Hector Hammond, and even Sinestro into villains all in one film.  Although the game plan was to set up the franchise with an awesome Green Lantern vs. Sinestro sequel, the combination of such a crummy script with an over-abundance of obviously fake CGI makes for a dreadful viewing experience.  If the film had plausibly focused on a raw, mysterious origin (where rookie Hal desperately believes he is the only Green Lantern vs. imminent cosmic destruction), the end result could have been immensely better.  In fairness, the movie's best asset is the inclusion of reliable actors in various supporting roles: i.e. the late Michael Clarke Duncan, Geoffrey Rush, Clancy Brown, Angela Bassett, Jay O. Sanders, Jon Tenney, and Tim Robbins.  Unfortunately, the mind-numbing plot gives them familiar characters (i.e. Kilowog, Tomar-Re, Amanda Waller, Abin Sur, and the Jordan family) with so little to do.<br /><br />This film's worst offense, ultimately, is its flagrant pushing of CGI to hide how crummy the movie really is.  Case in point: the ultra-fake opening sequence depicting outer space is flat-out laughable.  An immediate sense that this movie is in deep trouble continues as even Hal & Carol's jets flying over the California desert is just another helping of CGI.  Utilizing some models (or even recycling stock footage of real &#34;Top Gun&#34; jets) would have been far more credible.  It doesn't take long before viewers will realize they are watching actors lazily going through the green-screen motions, treating &#34;Green Lantern&#34; merely as a paycheck movie.  As this cast carelessly fails to sell viewers on suspending total disbelief, the film's over-reliance on CGI becomes sadly apparent.  Hence, the film squanders an enormous optical effects budget resulting in nothing more real than an emerald fireworks show.<br /><br />Considering the insane amount of money Warner Bros already lost on this movie, the planned 2020 reboot makes sense, provided there are four HUGE conditions:  1. Hire a compatible director (someone who actually grasps why a fearless Hal Jordan (or John Stewart) is Green Lantern; 2. Get the right Hal (perhaps Garrett Hedlund) or John (maybe Michael Jai White); 3.  The cast must provide inspired, high-caliber efforts; and 4. Far more attention is focused on an intelligent script first rather than simply gambling it all on CGI.<br /><br />I lucked out skipping the theater experience by later finding the blu-ray at a cheap price.  If only once, my young son and I could be kids together gleefully seeing my favorite childhood super-hero come to life.  I just wish this &#34;Green Lantern&#34; film had met more than just a fraction of its vast potential.  Instead, &#34;Green Lantern&#34; is really a second coming of Ben Affleck's dreadful 2003 Daredevil movie (including Reynolds' smug, Affleck-like performance).<br /><br />Rating: 4/10 (Updated in August 2015).<br /><br />Note: There are two gruesome scenes inside a secret laboratory in the film's second half that I would advise not letting children see -- parents will know when they watch the film.etting children see -- parents will know when they watch the film, as it is pretty obvious).
B005K17RU0|2.0|Does not work nearly as well as other weather apps. Not as visually pleasing, poorer widgets, and generally a bit more basic. Rooted Dell Streak just to remove this and other useless apps that were preloaded.
B0058VW36U|4.0|I picked this up after getting my Kindle Fire and have had a blast with it.  There are not many games that keep a smile on my face but this one did just that.  The graphics are good, the interface works well and the main character is funny.  The only knock on the game for me is that when I have the wifi turned on the game sometimes crashes to the homepage of the Fire.  It never does it when I am off-line.  Overall a great game.
0439023513|1.0|After thoroughly enjoying the first and second books in the Hunger Games series I eagerly picked up a copy of the Mockingjay. To rate the climax to the series as disappointing is a vast understatement. Amongst the abysmal dialogue there are unexplained major plot twists that are so horrendous and so poorly supported that even the most patient reader will find themselves rolling their eyes. In addition there is a myriad of convenient random aspects to let the heroin of the hook in virtually every situation. Virtually every aspect to the story that have made it interesting up to this point are thoroughly unraveled into a non-climatic boring ending. Where even the most simple questions of, \\"what happened to...\\" (name a major character) goes unanswered or worst yet unexplained. E.g. (major character) ended up in this district with a job. End of story.  Ugh! This book was so frustratingly boring and so unbelievably bad that after reading it, I am removing all the recommendations I made for the first two books. IT IS SO BAD! It was so bad that I am struggling to characterize all the aspects that I found horrible. I strongly recommend that Suzanne Collins take this one back for a rewrite!
0920668372|5.0|I loved it as a child and I love it still. When I gave birth to my son 8 weeks ago, my mother gave me a new copy to share with him. I can't wait until he is old enough for me to do so.<br />As another reviewer noted, the boy in the story does NOT have some psycho mom crawling through his window at night. As most children will understand, that's an allegory for her love. A great way to let your children know that your love will always be with them, in a way that they can grasp.
B005DI97S0|2.0|I really wanted to like this book. After reading The Vampire Lestat I immediately purchased as many of the vampire chronicle books as I could find at my local book stores, and sadly this was the first one I found.   The pacing of the book is ruined by the character's unimportant rants. The entire adventure into this spiritual realm was unsavory, and leaves you wondering what happened to the brilliant writing style of the earlier books.  On that note, read The Vampire Lestat. It's incredible.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|far superior to the app laid out for iphone and obviously faster! evrrnote alone is great and I use it for nearly everything but this app is very well laid out and has all of the features I use day to day. highly recommended if you have an acct
B0001WGDX0|5.0|Lenny has always the right tempo. Is as powerful as his NYPO recordings (Im very familiar with), but VPO is more elegant. Music flows naturally and beautifully. Recorded at the Musikverein with its outstanding acoustics. That remains one of the best recordings ever of the 9 symphonies. A MUST HAVE set. Shipping is outstanding (ordered a 2 days shipping but received in 1 day!).
0439023521|5.0|After reading the complete Twilight Saga and looking for a new fixation, I am so glad that I have stumbled upon the Hunger Games Trilogy. While I found the romantic element in The Hunger Games not as tangible as in Twilight, the overall story was more intriguing than The Saga. In addition, it is quite apparent that the diction and grammar are aimed at the young adult audience; The Hunger Games Trilogy is more appropriate reading material than The Saga.   The themes of death, betrayal and paranoia made putting the book down a real chore. Furthermore, it was easy to compare the events in The Hunger Games to the current political environment.   The Hunger Games is an easy read that will satisfy any Twi-Hard, like myself.
B00005NPWA|5.0|This Eyepiece replacement is 0 diopters, no magnification or reduction of the image.  So, it's the perfect \\"rubber on metal ring\\" replacement for the standard eyepiece on Voigtlander Rangefinders...at least it fits the R3A.  FYI...the threaded metal ring on the rear of this eyepiece is between 17 and 18 millimeters in diameter...approximately.  I notice almost none of these various eyepiece products provide the dimensions in their descriptions.  :(
B00063EMJ6|5.0|If your a Neil Young fan and have not collected his music over the years, this is a very good CD to buy.  The collection of songs covers 30+ years of Mr. Young's career it was definitely worth the purchase.
B005POK858|5.0|This is one of the few games I've really enjoyed playing on my phone.  Most mobile games I play for a couple days and uninstall but this one is sticking around.  Brings me back to my Final Fantasy / Phantasy Star days.  Very fun and easy to play and runs fine on my HTC Evo.
B005MYEPXC|4.0|A charming, sweet film, that explores the nature of nostalgia (its glow<br />and its darker shadows), and shows off Paris, both modern day, and in<br />the 1920s, almost as beautifully as Manhattan showed off New York.<br /><br />Laced with wonderful cameo and supporting performances (Adrien Brody,<br />Kathy Bates, Marion Cotillard, Corey Stoll, just to name a few) and<br />gifted by a quirky, lovably sad Owen Wilson as a sort of Eyeore of a<br />struggling writer in the lead.<br /><br />Wilson is probably the best stand in yet for Allen in one of his films,<br />precisely because he's so different from Allen, and doesn't seem to be<br />doing an Allen impersonation. (Even Allen admitted that part of the<br />appeal in casting Wilson was casting someone so far from himself).<br /><br />The 94 minutes of the film flew by, and never lost it's charm.<br /><br />A number of professional critics noted that this was a new tone for<br />Allen, neither laugh out loud comedy, nor serious drama (or, as in his<br />greatest films a combination of the two), but is more of a light drama,<br />with a gentle comic whimsy. I actually think Allen started exploring<br />this interesting new tone with his last film 'You Will Meet a Tall Dark<br />Stranger' And it does seem to have reinvigorated him.<br /><br />I did have a couple of problems with the film. First, Rachel McAdams as<br />Wilson's fianc&eacute;, along with her family, were made too caraciturish, too<br />obviously 'bad' for a film this subtle. McAdams is a brilliant actress,<br />but here she seems pushed into being a symbol of all that's wrong with<br />shallow, materialistic Americans.<br /><br />More problematically, after gently, subtly exploring it's themes for<br />the whole film, Allen suddenly starts laying them on very thick at the<br />end, putting them very literally into the dialogue, almost as if he<br />doesn't trust us to be smart enough to get the point of the whole<br />lovely film he just showed us.<br /><br />But these are minor complaints, and while this may not be one of<br />Allen's great films, it is a very good one, and that makes it special<br />and worth seeking out.th seeking out.
B005ZTFPFQ|5.0|This game rocks. Plays well and looks great. Definitely a keeper. Thanks, Amazon! ! !  ! ! ! ! !
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|What a load of crap, are they serious? If Gwen Stefani never got into music, it would be appropriate for Metallica to change its name to GARBAGE!
0066620996|4.0|This was a well written and researched book.  It was mostly written about the business industry, but the ideas presented can be applied to almost any other area.
B0065IA4F2|2.0|What is with him?? He seriously needs to pick a side, Rap or R&B because his attempts to mesh the two doesn't sound so great his second time around. I like Drake as a singer better than a rapper but he has become so Dark and depressed and love struck that it's not entertaining nor is it sexy. . .Every song on the album lacks something whether it is in production or lyrics. I am just baffled, I expected this album to be something grand but he is like a child stuck in an outdoor jungle gym trying to get out but no adult is around to pick him up by the arms and unwedge his knee from the under the ledge its caught on. . . .SMH oh Drakie, Drakie, Drakie. . .Take this album and scrap and Take Care of your mental sad a** state. . . .BLAH NEXT!!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I wanted this app on my iPhone, but Apple killed it. I was happy that I could get it on my Kindle Fire. It really helped me optimize my wifi network.
B004GJDQT8|3.0|Why did our install a second icon after the update?  Doesn't need the second one.not bad but it is annoying.
1906694176|5.0|I have read the trilogy by Steig Larsson and I have rarely read a more complex or intricately plotted mystery.  I was sorry when it came to an end.
B005LJK3AC|3.0|The movie is not slap stick comedy, but it does have some funny moments. I enjoyed it, but only worth $1.99 rental.
B004O7ZYBU|5.0|Terry Pratchett's Discworld book series is capably brought to the screen with this two-part miniseries.  For those of you haven't encountered Discworld, it is Terry Pratchett's take on the Sword and Sorcery genre...think Conan The Barbarian with a good dose of humor.  This is primarily the tale of a never-do-well wizard in perpetual training who has gotten himself involved with a powerful book of spells...in a very odd fashion.  He encounters, Twoflower, the first tourist to the Kingdom from a fabulously wealthy land at the opposite end of the Disc.  Did I forget to mention Discworld is flat and carried on the back of four elephants which in turn ride on the back of a giant turtle?  The tourist and his magical trunk are innocents abroad and become the responsibility of the inept wizard...on pain of death.  Twoflower has a list of things to see and do and drags the hapless wizard into imminent danger and potentially grisly death at every turn.  Did I also forget to mention that the hapless wizard is inhabited by an immensely powerful spell which could doom the world?  The masters of the Wizarding university, led by an unscrupulous and murderously upwardly mobile wizard are looking for the spell and consequently looking for our errant tourguide.  A very funny and immaginative story which can be enjoyed by all ages.  If you are a fan of sword and sorcery, be prepared for a number of in-jokes poking fun at various famous characters.  Did I mention Cohen the Barbarian?...
B00338QENI|5.0|I had heard a ton of really good things about this book but just hadn't gotten around to reading it yet so I was very excited when my book club picked to read the book. I ended up having to buy a copy (my book club is usually pretty good about picking books that are already at the library to lessen the burden on us) because there was still a crazy long wait list at the library and the book is already almost two years old! I always get excited about books that have been out for awhile but still have a long wait to read.<br /><br />I was entranced with this book. A decade in the making, Skloot explores the legacy of Henrietta Lacks, a little known woman, whose cells have helped scientists do really amazing things. Her cells have been launched into space. They've helped to make vaccines. They've been tested on by many different people and until this book, many people didn't really even know the name of the woman that the cells came from. All this from someone's cells being taken without her knowing. Although the idea of having one's cells taken without their knowledge does bring up sort of a ethical dilemma, that is not really the crux of the book. Skloot does present the dilemma but this is really more of a human story. It would have been nice to get a little more information on the dilemma though.<br /><br />Admittedly, I'm not a science person. I'm fascinated by science but I'll put it this way, I hated sitting in my high school and college science classes. Obviously the subject matter of the book is science-y but Skloot does a great job of making the science-y parts of the book accessible to all. The real story at the heart of this book is the story of Lacks' family finding out all of the things that Henrietta's cells have done. Really amazing!<br /><br />Bottom line: I know some of you are afraid of non-fiction books but this one is really wonderful and I hope that you will give it a try!
006621131X|2.0|Like many of the 2 and 1-star reviewers, I felt that this book was an uninteresting, superficial account of a very interesting time in a young woman's life. Patti seems more trying to convince the reader that she and Robert were talented than believing it herself. I definitely wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
0060887303|2.0|As someone who watches the TV series Pretty Little Liars, I was somewhat hopeful for this book. Sure, the actresses are not very good and everything is over-dramatic, but there is something about this show that pulls you in and makes you want to keep watching. The number of people I know who have said this is their guilty pleasure show is ridiculous. But the book itself does not come off nearly as suspenseful as its small screen counterpart.<br /><br />The show follows Aria, Spencer, Hannah, and Emily, four girls who would be losers at school if not for the fact that Allison, the most popular girl in school, has decided to be friends with them. Allison is the girl that everyone wants to be friends with but she is also the girl who knows all of their secrets. But when Allison disappears, the girls grow apart, only to be brought back together by mysterious text messages by someone named \\"A.\\" Because \\"A\\" knows all their secrets, just like Allison did and will stop at nothing to torment them with it.<br /><br />Whereas a single episode of Pretty Little Liars feels jam-packed with excitement, the book felt like it didn't cover enough ground. Maybe it is just that watching the show I know everyone's secrets and so nothing is a surprise, but it felt like I was learning very little about each girl. And where the show makes the girls likable despite their secrets, the book makes them feel mostly shallow and dull. Aria is a teen looking for her identity and having an affair with her teacher, Hannah is thin and popular but at the expense of shoplifting and her health, Emily has a boyfriend and a crush on the new girl, and Spencer, ever-competing with her sister, starts sleeping with her older sister's boyfriend.<br /><br />I don't often recommend this, but I would say skip the book version in favor of the TV show. It's not that is it so terrible, it is just that with so many great young adult books out there, there are others worth reading first.
B002NPUCRQ|5.0|I don't have a favorite song on this album. All the songs were just incredible. They all create a story in your mind. Untouchable is a really amazing song, you can just imagine everything in your head. I love listening to this song right before bed. I loved the song Fifteen because it describes exactly what the first day of school feels like for a teen. Jump Then Fall is just a fun song. I like the beat and it just has a really great concept. Love Story is a great song, too. I loved the music video. Hey Stephen is kind of playful. You Belong With Me is the song you just want to sing in your crush's face. Other songs I liked were: The Way I Loved You, The Other Side of the Door, Superstar, Come in With the Rain and Change. All in all, a really great CD. I liked the bonus tracks and the DVD. [Hint: BUY THIS! YOU WON'T REGRET IT!)
B004TMPJP6|5.0|I do not have any problems using this app on my Kindle Fire. This is my first time using it so I read the instructions provided in the included email section of the applications.  So far entered about 20 tasks without any problems.  Very pleased!  Since I purchased my \\"Fire\\" through Amazon and registered it, I have noticed when I click on an application Amazon does indicate on the top right side if this application will function properly.
B00006LJ6X|4.0|By the time of \\"Chicago VII\\" in 1974, Chicago had been, for the most part, written off by music critics. After all, the group had the gall to be a successful singles band in addition to its constant presence on FM radio. The gall! But Chicago also had great chops and some serious roots in jazz, as well as that pop sensibility, and they showed it all off on this album.<br /><br />True, \\"Chicago VII\\" does seem to have several personalities, but they're all interesting. On the original album, there wasn't a vocal to be found until the middle of side two. Instead, listeners got to hear a side of the band not on display, really, since the group's late-'60s debut, \\"Chicago Transit Authority.\\" \\"VII\\" began with \\"Prelude to Aire,\\" written by drummer Danny Seraphine, \\"Aire\\" (composed by Seraphine with trombonist James Pankow and flute/saxman Walt Parazaider) and \\"Devil's Sweet\\" (by Seraphine and Parazaider). The three instrumentals took up the whole of side one.<br /><br />Brazilian percussionist Laudir de Oliveira had played with Chicago as a hired gun on \\"Chicago VI,\\" but on \\"VII\\" he seemed fully integrated into the music, and indeed would become a member on \\"Chicago VIII.\\" His work here is amazing, and it seemed to energize a band in need of grappling with its popularity and expectations. \\"Prelude to Aire,\\" \\"Aire\\" and \\"Devil's Sweet\\" were not for the singles fans of the group, nor were they for the critics, but rather for the band members themselves. And the commitment showed, from the brass section's various solos to Seraphine's percussive bebop explorations on \\"Sweet,\\" which constituted some of the best drumming of his career.<br /><br />Side two began with two more instrumentals, \\"Italian From New York\\" and \\"Hanky Panky,\\" both written by keyboardist Robert Lamm. The latter was a throwaway, and the rather somber phrasing of \\"Italian\\" was undermined by some annoying synthesizer. The side's third number, though, was \\"Life Saver,\\" a classic slice of Lamm driven by his own pounding acoustic and electric pianos, plus a fine vocal turn that startles a bit, simply because by this point we've spent nearly half an hour without hearing the human voice. \\"Just when I found myself,\\" Lamm sings, \\"back against the wall / you changed my life / with a telephone call.\\" Overall, the song manages to sound gleeful and sinister at the same time -- not an easy feat! It's followed by \\"Happy Man,\\" one of the more ghostly and underproduced songs by bassist Peter Cetera -- in other words, quite superior to some of the mindless ballads he would offer the band several years later.<br /><br />Side three opened with two numbers by James Pankow, \\"(I've Been) Searchin' So Long\\" and \\"Mongonucleosis.\\" The second song was another instrumental toss-off, but \\"Searchin' \\" just soared on the choruses, and it would become one of the band's most enduring singles. The side closed with \\"Song of the Evergreens\\" and \\"Byblos,\\" two of the most beautiful tunes ever written by Terry Kath, the vocalist/guitarist who would die of a self-inflicted gunshot in early 1978. \\"Evergreens\\" was sung, oddly enough, by trumpeter Lee Loughnane, perhaps because it was out of Terry's range? \\"Byblos\\" was low-key but powerful. It has always sounded best to me when played very late at night. \\"Byblos\\" is set in a music club, with Kath taking on the role of the man in charge; Kath sings about meeting a woman and maybe falling for her, only to see her slip away with a friend when he becomes distracted by someone who insists on doing some business that's never explained. It's a hugely affecting song, one of Kath's very best.<br /><br />Side four began with \\"Wishin' You Were Here.\\" I've never been a big fan of Cetera's songs, but this was a monumental tune from the bassist/vocalist. Opening with sound of softly breaking waves, it features terrific vocals by Cetera and Kath, as well as help from several of the Beach Boys. It was followed by Loughnane's \\"Call On Me,\\" written by the trumpeter but sung withgusto by Cetera.<br /><br />The album closed with two of Lamm's songs. \\"Woman Don't Want to Love Me\\" isn't one of his better efforts; I wouldn't go so far as to call it misogynist, but it's definitely smug, in my opinion. And soundwise, it hasn't worn well; in fact, it sounded dated even in the mid-'70s. That leaves us with \\"Skinny Boy,\\" the album's closer, which also became the title track of a Lamm solo album. The difference between the two versions? The solo rendering just stripped off the Chicago horns, leaving intact the backup vocals from the Pointer Sisters. As might be expected, it works much better as a Chicago track. In addition to the snappy bite of the horns, the Chicago version is about 30 or 40 seconds longer, and in the extended coda, Lamm's keyboards end the track with what seems to be a kind of musical question, as if searching for some kind of elusive resolution.<br /><br />All in all, it's a brave, impressive album, even if it isn't really one cohesive musical statement. According to most accounts, the band was intent on making a jazz album, but Cetera and producer James William Guercio were worried that such an effort would be commercial suicide, so the more poppy tracks the band had been toying with were tossed into the mix. The result may not have been deliberate or particularly well thought-out, but \\"Chicago VII\\" still ended up being something like a slightly rough diamond, showing many facets despite its minor flaws. It remains one of my favorites.mm's songs. \\"Woman Don't Want to Love Me\\" isn't one of his better efforts; I wouldn't go so far as to call it misogynist, but it's definitely smug, in my opinion. And soundwise, it hasn't worn well; in fact, it sounded dated even in the mid-'70s. That leaves us with \\"Skinny Boy,\\" the album's closer, which also became the title track of a Lamm solo album. The difference between the two versions? The solo rendering just stripped off the Chicago horns, leaving intact the backup vocals from the Pointer Sisters. As might be expected, it works much better as a Chicago track. In addition to the snappy bite of the horns, the Chicago version is about 30 or 40 seconds longer, and in the extended coda, Lamm's keyboards end the track with what seems to be a kind of musical question, as if searching for some kind of elusive resolution.  All in all, it's a brave, impressive album, even if it isn't really one cohesive musical statement. According to most accounts, the band was intent on making a jazz album, but Cetera and producer James William Guercio were worried that such an effort would be commercial suicide, so the more poppy tracks the band had been toying with were tossed into the mix. The result may not have been deliberate or particularly well thought-out, but \\"Chicago VII\\" still ended up being something like a slightly rough diamond, showing many facets despite its minor flaws. It remains one of my favorites.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|This movie is a must for any Michael Jackson fan. It shows a tiny bit of what Michael, the performer, was like off the stage. It doesn't got really in depth in his life because Michael was a very private person. Excellent movie overall!
B002MG2RG0|1.0|I had seen the version with the Phillip Glass soundtrack on cable, and I loved it.  I was hoping to show my wife, but it seems the streaming version is the original, without any soundtrack.  Too bad, as I really enjoyed the new soundtrack.
0756655307|5.0|I ordered this book for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it.  The book has so many great pictures and information. I received it on time and it was in fantastic condition.
0062101897|5.0|FANTASTIC BOOK!!!!!!!  ALSO, FANTASTIC PRICE FROM AMAZON!!!!!!!!  Worth every penny!! Every Muggle and Wizard will have this on their Christmas wish list!   Cathy  Vista, CA
B005OCFHHK|5.0|I have waited many years for this and I finally have all the Harry Potter movies in one collection! And it looks amazing on blu-ray!
B0000A1WNW|5.0|There are several reasons the DVD-Audio version of \\"Chicago V\\" is out of print and commanding high prices from re-sellers: It contains some of the best music Chicago ever made, and the surround mix presents that music to great effect.<br /><br />As others have noted, \\"V\\" was the first single-disc album of Chicago's career. The first three albums were doubles, and \\"Chicago at Carnegie Hall,\\" the fourth, was a monstrous four-disc set (we're using vinyl terminology here, but back in the early 1970s, that was really the only terminology there was, unless you were gullible enough to buy 8-tracks). Band members themselves have said the demands of producing double albums eventually sapped their songwriting. And yet, at least in the case of one band member, that doesn't appear to be true on \\"Chicago V.\\" Of the ten tracks here, if you count the two parts of \\"Dialogue\\" separately, eight of them were written by keyboardist Robert Lamm, and the songs sound anything but tired.<br /><br />The disc begins with \\"A Hit by Varese,\\" with Lamm lamenting the apparent inability for pop music to open its ears to experimentalism even as it expresses the hope that a composer as relatively obscure and difficult as Edgard Varese could have a hit single. The song's challenging beat and Terry Kath's grinding guitars backed up Lamm's utopic lyrical sentiments with a hard-edged musical stance.<br /><br />Lamm's \\"All Is Well\\" sounded much more conventional and poppy, but a careful listen to the lyrics reveals a persona trying to talk himself into believing that everything's going to be all right. It was followed by \\"Now That You've Gone,\\" the album's sole composition by James Pankow. With its juicy horn arrangement, it was probably the most \\"Chicago-sounding\\" track on side one. Lamm closed out the side with the two part \\"Dialogue,\\" sung by Kath and bassist Peter Cetera. Musically pleasing, it was also lyrically stimulating, with the dialogue basically being an argument between staying engaged with politics and culture vs. sticking one's head into the sand. Obviously, that message remains relevant to this day.<br /><br />Side two began with Lamm's ominous \\"While the City Sleeps,\\" which asserts that shadowy men are finding new ways to \\"tell us dirty lies.\\" Again, a song that seems to have resonance now, despite having been recorded nearly four decades ago. It was followed by \\"Saturday in the Park,\\" the album's huge hit single; penned by Lamm, the song certainly is a pleasant piece of ear candy, yet it wasn't mere fluff, being, rather, an affectionate take on being alive and plugged into New York City's Central Park -- its music and communal sensibility at the time the song was written.<br /><br />Lamm's \\"State of the Union\\" railed against the hypocrisies wrought by tight-assed society and authoritarianism, while \\"Goodbye\\" was a fairly standard but still haunting love song.<br /><br />The album ended with Kath's brilliant \\"Alma Mater,\\" an absolutely lovely but somewhat stark track -- Chicago's horn section does play on it, but only briefly and toward the end. Meanwhile, Kath sings of the joys of success, of \\"living in that dream\\" of stardom, which many achieve but few handle truly well. \\"We must set brand-new goals,\\" Kath sings. \\"We must not lose control.\\" Sadly, Kath did just that over the next few years; numerous sources have cited his drug and alcohol abuse, and in January 1978 he pointed a gun at his own head and pulled the trigger. It was not suicide -- Kath believed the gun was not loaded -- but it was a bizarre and needless death nonetheless.<br /><br />The 5.1 mix here isn't fancy. Generally, with multichannel mixes, the idea is to separate the instruments and vocals as much as possible to achieve better sonic clarity. That does happen here, but the production and engineering on this mix also wisely preserves the cohesiveness of the Chicago sound. The band's horns, as well as the voices of Kath, Lamm and Cetera with help from trumpeter Lee Loughnane, were always meant to sound as units. That sensibility has been preserved here, even as the aural space has been opened up.<br /><br />\\"Chicago V\\" is one of the band's very best efforts, and the DVD-Audio version is nothing less than spectacular. If you're a multichannel fan, don't hesitate -- pay that extra cash and have a listen.re always meant to sound as units. That sensibility has been preserved here, even as the aural space has been opened up.<br /><br />\\"Chicago V\\" is one of the band's very best efforts, and the DVD-Audio version is nothing less than spectacular. If you're a multichannel fan, don't hesitate -- pay that extra cash and have a listen.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I keep finding more and more things to address with Evernote. As well, I find the Android version to be practical!
B004LWZW2E|3.0|Insidious is about a young family, Josh, Renai and their three children move into a new house. So far this sounds like any haunted house movie, but there is a few twists. Soon the oldest son of the family, Dalton, have a accident and bumps his head, the kid seams fine however and the family go to bed. The next morning Josh find Dalton lifeless in the bed, the kid have slipped into a deep coma like state which baffles the doctors. Three months later Josh and Renai get to take their son home to care for him there, and that is when creepy stuff start happening around the house.<br /><br />Now watching this movie you can clearly see that many of the same people that worked on Paranormal Activity also worked on this, however while the former movie worked because of subtle hints and a creepy atmosphere Insidious is about as subtle as a drunk brontosaurus being ra**d by a tyrannosaurus rex. Now I am not saying that every horror movie have to be subtle, however I do think this one had been better if it's producers had learned the lesson from Paranormal Activity that less is more. Almost immediately we have CG ghosts running around in the cupboards and demons in marks lurking in the shadows. Seeing the creatures so quickly do not ruin the movie but it do make it less scary.<br /><br />As a pleasant surprise about Insidious is that the movie have no gore, it is not that I mind gore, but it is great to see a horror movie lean on it's story and atmosphere rather than open wounds and rolling heads. The music in Insidious is also very good, it helps the scenes and what little scares you can find in this movie generally come from the soundtrack, that being said the movie can get very noisy at times with half a dozen people shouting, the music in the background, doors banging and the ghosts and demons doing their best to be heard over the cacophony, I do recommend having remote nearby to be able to turn the volume down in the most noisy scenes.<br /><br />Acting wise I think the actors did a ok job, the characters however are a mixed bag. Renai works well, the audience can sympathize with her in her plight, the group of paranormal investigators which is brought in after a while are a hoot, though their often humerus bickering is a bit out of place for the tone of the movie. Josh however do not work, I know he is supposed to be troubled but in reality he only comes off as a jerk.<br /><br />While watching this movie I could not decide whatever or not I liked it. The concept is good and it is not that often we see the topic of Astral Projection bought up in a horror movie so it feels rather fresh while at the same time following a tried and loved formula. The music of the movie is great and I really liked some of the characters. Insidious however suffers from a problem with the phasing and in addition I think the movie would have been so much better if it had been more subtle. All in all I think Insidious is a good movie which I do recommend, however with all the problems it have I can not give it more than three stars.ers however are a mixed bag. Renai works well, the audience can sympathize with her in her plight, the group of paranormal investigators which is brought in after a while are a hoot, though their often humerus bickering is a bit out of place for the tone of the movie. Josh however do not work, I know he is supposed to be troubled but in reality he only comes off as a jerk.  While watching this movie I could not decide whatever or not I liked it. The concept is good and it is not that often we see the topic of Astral Projection bought up in a horror movie so it feels rather fresh while at the same time following a tried and loved formula. The music of the movie is great and I really liked some of the characters. Insidious however suffers from a problem with the phasing and in addition I think the movie would have been so much better if it had been more subtle. All in all I think Insidious is a good movie which I do recommend, however with all the problems it have I can not give it more than three stars.
0061997811|5.0|Such a fun book!  Put this on your Christmas Wish List all you Muggles and Wizards.  Amazon came through again, you can always count on them!  Cathy  Vista
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|After happening upon this as the Free App of the Day, I REALLY have to admit that I'm almost furious with myself for spending frustrating hours using other apps and especially for spending my VERY hard earned money on one of them in particular.   Of the several that I've used, this one hits the sweetest balance of refinement, robustness and feature set richness.   I was impressed by this app from the moment it opened and have been almost blown away by it's intuitive UI general stability and robustness and the fact that it has included every feature that I've needed since I began using it.   Seriously, any bad reviews MUST be coming from the competition.
B0052VI2V6|5.0|This is a review of the Japanese-import SACD version of the album.<br /><br />In short, it's great. I previously owned the DVD-Audio version of this surround mix but decided to sell it after it went out of print and prices skyrocketed. Unfortunately, I missed having the album in 5.1; fortunately, the SACD version is just terrific.<br /><br />In fact, it may even be better. The DVD-Audio was amazing, but I actually prefer the slightly softer feel of the SACD. The mix, as far as I know, is identical to the one that was done for DVD-A, but SACDs just seem to have a bit more warmth.<br /><br />Of course, you don't get the visual extras, which included some nice photos and one of the most attractive DVD-A menus I've ever seen. If your focus is the music, that obviously won't matter to you.<br /><br />And for those who don't remember or weren't around ... well, the Eagles were probably at the creative peak on this album. The title track, \\"New Kid in Town,\\" \\"Life in the Fast Lane,\\" Victim of Love,\\" \\"Try and Love Again\\" and \\"The Last Resort\\" all became FM radio rock standards, and in fact were so overplayed in the 1970s and 1980s that some fans (myself included) needed a long break. But there's no denying the talent on display here. Drummer/singer Don Henley was at his swaggering best. Bassist Randy Meisner's songwriting contribution (\\"Try and Love Again\\") was the best of his career. Glenn Frey, Henley's most frequent writing partner, was often overshadowed in the band, both instrumentally and vocally, but his wistful vocal on \\"New Kid in Town\\" and wicked Clavinet on \\"Fast Lane\\" were superb. Finally, the dual leads of guitarists Joe Walsh and Don Felder just shredded everything in their path.<br /><br />Felder would later be dismissed by Henley and Frey, with the result being a legal mess. Walsh returned to the fold after many years, but my understanding is that, financially, he's never been a full partner. Tim Schmidt took over bass duties for Meisner after this record, playing on \\"The Long Run.\\"<br /><br />The latter was a decent album, but it didn't stand up to its predecessor. There were a few great songs (\\"King of Hollywood,\\" for example) but also a few too many few duds -- \\"Teenage Jail,\\" the duh-hey \\"The Greeks Don't Want No Freaks.\\"<br /><br />\\"Hotel California,\\" by contrast, is the Eagles signature record. The 5.1 mix isolates the instruments beautifully; on every nearly every song, there is at least one moment that emerges as breathtaking:<br /><br />1. The separation of the acoustic and electric guitars on the title track, plus Henley's ghostly percussion.<br /><br />2. Walsh's first organ riff on \\"New Kid.\\"<br /><br />3. The opening-note onslaught of the electric guitars on \\"Fast Lane.\\"<br /><br />4. Henley's vocal on the final stanza of \\"Wasted Time\\"; he sounds both suitably exhausted and engaged.<br /><br />5. The clarity of the orchestra at the end of \\"Wasted Time (Reprise).\\"<br /><br />6. The ENTIRETY of \\"Victim of Love.\\" On the runoff track of the original pressing of the album, the careful eye could find this message: \\"V.O.L. is five-piece live,\\" meaning there were no studio overdubs. The performance of the song was spot-on and crackled with energy.<br /><br />7. Walsh's battered, nasal but somehow perfectly suitable voice on \\"Pretty Maids All in a Row.\\"<br /><br />8. Meisner's entirely unbattered, stratospheric singing on \\"Try and Love Again.\\"<br /><br />9. And finally, Frey's glorious but restrained piano on \\"The Last Resort\\"; on the 5.1 mix, you can actually hear the hammers striking the strings in one passage.<br /><br />Great album, great mix, and a great look back at one of the landmarks of 1970s rock.aying on \\"The Long Run.\\"<br /><br />The latter was a decent album, but it didn't stand up to its predecessor. There were a few great songs (\\"King of Hollywood,\\" for example) but also a few too many few duds -- \\"Teenage Jail,\\" the duh-hey \\"The Greeks Don't Want No Freaks.\\"<br /><br />\\"Hotel California,\\" by contrast, is the Eagles signature record. The 5.1 mix isolates the instruments beautifully; on every nearly every song, there is at least one moment that emerges as breathtaking:<br /><br />1. The separation of the acoustic and electric guitars on the title track, plus Henley's ghostly percussion.<br /><br />2. Walsh's first organ riff on \\"New Kid.\\"<br /><br />3. The opening-note onslaught of the electric guitars on \\"Fast Lane.\\"<br /><br />4. Henley's vocal on the final stanza of \\"Wasted Time\\"; he sounds both suitably exhausted and engaged.<br /><br />5. The clarity of the orchestra at the end of \\"Wasted Time (Reprise).\\"<br /><br />6. The ENTIRETY of \\"Victim of Love.\\" On the runoff track of the original pressing of the album, the careful eye could find this message: \\"V.O.L. is five-piece live,\\" meaning there were no studio overdubs. The performance of the song was spot-on and crackled with energy.<br /><br />7. Walsh's battered, nasal but somehow perfectly suitable voice on \\"Pretty Maids All in a Row.\\"<br /><br />8. Meisner's entirely unbattered, stratospheric singing on \\"Try and Love Again.\\"<br /><br />9. And finally, Frey's glorious but restrained piano on \\"The Last Resort\\"; on the 5.1 mix, you can actually hear the hammers striking the strings in one passage.<br /><br />Great album, great mix, and a great look back at one of the landmarks of 1970s rock.
B001GSV3EC|5.0|Jeff Becks just absolutely OWNS the guitar on this DVD .. and Live makes it so much better .. the big plus is all the female vocalists ... I'm 59 and my daughter is 30 ... she freaked out that all HER favorite singers were on a live DVD with JB ... this DVD transends several generations ... own it for yourself and share it with the kids ... a \\"MUST HAVE\\" for anyone into Jeff Beck or just great Rock & Blues.   The Final Word  (Tonehound)
B005O30Y5Y|4.0|This movie is not the easiest to review, basically either you are a fan of the series and will be seeing this movie or you are not and then this is not the place to start. This is also the second part of what is in essence one long movie so you really can not see this without having seen the Deathly Hollows Part 1 first or this movie will not make sense, part 2 picks up right where part 1 left off and offer no explanation so it is not friendly to new viewers, but then it is not meant to be either.<br /><br />I have a bit of conflicting feelings about this movie, at one side I think it was a worthy end to the series, it was dramatic, grandiose and epic like it was supposed to be, but at the same time the movie did feel a bit tame here and there and while it is a very good movie I sort of had hoped for more. Part 2 continues the fetch quest from the last movie and then escalates into a fantasy war movie. The special effects are very good and it do keep a nice balance between action, drama and character development. Each major character get their change to shine and none is left forgotten. The conclusion feel satisfying and unlike many movie franchises the Harry Potter movies have one continuous story that do properly end. Now as I say the movie do have a good end, but it sort of feel a bit watered down. I have been trying for days to put my finger on what exactly I mean but I just can't. When watching the other Harry Potter movies I was completely enthralled, I forgot about my popcorn, about anything else and for the duration of the movie nothing else mattered, Deathly Hallows part 2 was engaging to, but not to that degree, at time I found myself thinking about other things and when it was done I was thinking, hum...good movie, good end to the series, but something is missing.<br /><br />Perhaps what I am looking for is that the movie felt to polished, it was good, dark and gritty at times, but because it had to cover so much material in such a short amount of time it lacked the litter quirks and character interactions which made the other movies feel real, when the characters did interact it felt much more scripted. So much of the later half of the movie depend on the viewer caring what happens to the characters, and that part felt a bit rushed.<br /><br />Now other than the complaint above I have nothing but good things to say about part 2. The music is great, the effects is great, the story is great, the acting is great, the camera work and other theatrical details is great. The director have had a big budget for this movie and have spent it wisely and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows Part 2 is a gorgeous movie. I think perhaps the last Harry Potter book should have been parted into three rather than two parts to give the director more time to let the story develop, but with the time alloted by the format I think everyone involved with this movie did a good job. I recommend this movie to fans of the series, however if you are a newcomer to the series go back and start with the first movie and watch them in order.<br /><br />It is refreshing to see a movie series get a worthy end, and this is a worthy end, it do provide a proper payoff for seeing all the other movies in the series and all round I think this is a good movie who do have some flaws but who really do a good job in telling a fantastic story.uirks and character interactions which made the other movies feel real, when the characters did interact it felt much more scripted. So much of the later half of the movie depend on the viewer caring what happens to the characters, and that part felt a bit rushed.  Now other than the complaint above I have nothing but good things to say about part 2. The music is great, the effects is great, the story is great, the acting is great, the camera work and other theatrical details is great. The director have had a big budget for this movie and have spent it wisely and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows Part 2 is a gorgeous movie. I think perhaps the last Harry Potter book should have been parted into three rather than two parts to give the director more time to let the story develop, but with the time alloted by the format I think everyone involved with this movie did a good job. I recommend this movie to fans of the series, however if you are a newcomer to the series go back and start with the first movie and watch them in order.   It is refreshing to see a movie series get a worthy end, and this is a worthy end, it do provide a proper payoff for seeing all the other movies in the series and all round I think this is a good movie who do have some flaws but who really do a good job in telling a fantastic story.
B004YXE438|5.0|It's simple and fun, with colorful, artistic images and the ability to use your own. The developer has been great, providing regular updates.
B004D2GMR6|5.0|1080i blue ray, excellent sound, great concert, it doesn't get better than that.  Must buy and great collection piece.  Well worth $11.
B000R8YC18|5.0|Time will tell you lies -- or at least distort things if you're not careful. With films, especially, this can be true; I've recently watched a few films that I saw in my youth and liked to see if they could stand up to scrutiny in middle age -- and most of them didn't.<br /><br />Some exceptions: \\"Jaws,\\" \\"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,\\" and \\"Taxi Driver.\\"<br /><br />I may get some argument on this, but I think \\"Taxi Driver\\" might be Martin Scorsese's greatest work. It has everything -- a great plot, incredible acting, and despite it being a harrowing, dark film, it has elements that are eye and ear candy. Especially ear candy: \\"Taxi Driver\\" and Brian de Palma's \\"Obsession\\" were the last two scores from the great Bernard Hermann, who had written so many incredible pieces for Alfred Hitchcock. Hermann's work on \\"Taxi Driver\\" really helps ratchet up the tension, and does so without being especially \\"edgy\\" or, worse yet, pretentious. From blaring brass to softer woodwinds to, at times, just a simple percussive beat, the music helps draw you into main character Travis Bickle's lonely, twisted world.<br /><br />Of course, it's also easier to make a great film when you have great actors, and Scorsese really had them on this shoot, including Robert De Niro, Harvey Keitel, Jodie Foster, Albert Brooks, Cybill Shepherd, and Peter Boyle as Wizard, another whacked-out cabbie who at first seems just sane enough to try to mentor Travis -- until you realize that, despite his \\"Wizard\\" moniker, there's just no \\"there\\" there.<br /><br />The ending of this film will haunt me forever. And each time I see it, it seems to play differently. THAT is art -- any work that seems to reveal more of itself to you, every time you read, hear or see it.
0062060554|3.0|It is always very gratifying and an affirmation of ones choice of literary pursuits to read a book that has been awarded the great honor of being made into a movie. Apparently,the decision in the case of this book had already been made before it was even finished. And it really shows. I did not have this information before I began reading \\"Before I Go to Sleep\\", but all I could think about while reading was \\"wow...this is going to be a movie\\"...from the extremely tedious pacing to the stilted ,English, soap opera dialogue. This book had the opportunity to be extraordinary. It is not.  I am extremely fascinated by the concept of memory, and how our minds take on a life of their own in processing life's vignettes into a cohesive narrative that allows us to process them. Or not. Having just finished the amazing, \\"The Sense of an Ending\\" by Julian Barnes, I dived into this one with delicious anticipation. What a compelling concept, a woman wakes every morning not remembering who she is...where she is...etc. Really gives the term \\"Unreliable Narrator\\" a whole new meaning. But unfortunately, the emphasis on the cinematic drama took top billing over the fabulous pathological treasure trove that was available.  It has it's moments...at one point, Christine's therapist tells her \\"we're constantly changing facts, rewriting history to make things easier, to make them fit in with our preferred version of events. We do it automatically. We invent memories. Without thinking. If we tell ourselves often enough that something happened, we start to believe it, and then we can actually remember it.\\".....this is compelling writing...there is just not enough of it in this book.  I had figured out the \\"mystery\\" way too early and just plain disliked some of the cartoonish characters and situations. Not a total waste of time...but disappointing.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|froze up on kindle fire and stopped working. force close did nothing. uninstalled program. was enjoying before it died. won't install again until problems fixed.
B002BU0DPE|2.0|I bought this after reading the reviews but assumed that the hiss that was talked about was from audiophiles.  WRONG!  I plugged it in and had the chat sound all the way down.  There was a barely audible sound that disappeared as soon as the game started playing.  Great!  Then I turned up the chat and realized that the hiss was horrible and went up directly in line with the level I turned up the chat.  The result is a very disappointing headset.  I only gave it two stars because of the excellent game sound.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I really like this app. I use it daily. First app I download on new gear. Keep all your notes in one place.
0071762345|5.0|Like everyone else who's given this book a 5-star rating right here on Amazon.com, I found this book to be extremely LIKEABLE!  Dave Kerpen, the author, provides an engaging and enlightening read from beginning to end. His anecdotal stories bring his subject to life. His knowledge of Social Marketing makes this breakthrough book stand way above the crowd. Read it, and you'll soon discover how important and lucrative the insights and ideas in LIKEABLE can be for you and your business.   Must also tell you that Dave Kerpen quickly tweeted right back at me with a friendly \\"thanks!\\" and a short message when I tweeted him to tell him how much I had enjoyed reading his book. It's great to have learned so much from someone who clearly practices what he preaches!
B005DC68NI|5.0|If you've been sitting on the fence about self-publishing, I think this book will knock you over to the side of indie authors. I love how  the author lays out the history and happenings in the publishing world in a logical manner. He confirmed things I knew, and helped me to see how everything fits together and is playing out. He gives some great advice about self-publishing, but my favorite part is the success stories he includes. I caught onto something key while reading: all of the success stories have occurred over the last couple of years. In fact, some of them have occurred in the past few months. This book gives me hope, and the courage to continue building my own pathways to a successful writing career.
B0012NO4WO|5.0|Speed is right up there with Die-Hard for action-movie thrills that never grow old.  The story is fast-paced and the action is non-stop and believable enough (except for one leap across a highway chasm) that viewers can watch the movie without being distracted by the implausibility of the film.  My whole family (wife, 16 and 13 year olds sons) stayed glued to our seats, and no one even texted!
B0042EJD8A|5.0|This movie was an excellent look into the real world of \\"Fracking\\". Living up here in North Dakota, it hits all too close to home for myself.
B004JC16LC|5.0|It seems counter-intuitive that the legacy of Wilhelm Furtw&auml;ngler (1886-1954) should keep growing more than half of century after his death. Even though he was one of the most revered conductors in the second quarter of the 20th Century, he disliked recordings and left few studio recordings. He has no disciple, found no school and produced no student. Much too often his name was (unjustly) linked to the Third Reich. In spite of these, Furtw&auml;ngler continues to give electrifying experiences to those who hear him the first time from dimly recorded performances. He continues to exert a magnetic, mystic, even mythic pull on the countless music lovers who were born many years after his death. Not only that, many of the greatest musicians, including Claudio Abbado, Daniel Barenboim, Karl B&ouml;hm, Alfred Brendel, Maria Callas etc., revered him as the best, the ideal, the unique. Why?<br /><br />Anyone who has the ears for historical recordings can find her/his answers in this box. T. Fischer has listed the contents and made some comparisons of this transfer with others. Here I will provide only a few additional remarks.<br /><br />1. This box is very well-organized. The big box houses 11 small boxes, and each small box can easily fit the usual CD shelves. This design makes the individual CDs easily accessible.<br /><br />2. Many of the transfers are good. For individual performances, one can often find superior transfers, like those from Gebhardt, Naxos Historical, Music & Arts, etc.. However, the transfers are often above average and in some cases superior to the ones I own.<br /><br />3. The selection is good, and covers all important areas of Furtw&auml;ngler's legacy. In fact, the editors in Membran claimed to capture all the works of which Furtw&auml;ngler made recordings.(*) Even if you already have more than half of the box, as I do, it is still worth acquiring this box, as many releases are long out of print and/or never available (in the U.S.).<br /><br />This will not be the end of your Furtw&auml;ngler collection. Most likely it's the beginning, as some of his best is not to be found in this box (and the Furtw&auml;ngler experience can be addictive!) However, at merely $1 per CD, there is really no reason not to get this box before it becomes unavailable.<br /><br />Strongly recommended.<br /><br />------------------<br />\\"Well, you see what we are reduced to. We are now in a time when a S**** is considered a master. How small he was next to Furtw&auml;ngler. .... To me, he [Furtw&auml;ngler] was Beethoven.\\"<br /><br />-- Maria Callas, after a radio performance of Beethoven's 8th symphony conducted by renowned G.S..<br />------------------<br />(*) Indeed, the editors states that \\"This box thus represents the state of knowledge in 2010. If any of our valued listeners know of recordings of pieces not included in this edition, we would be grateful for details of them.\\" See p.43 of the notes.ly it's the beginning, as some of his best is not to be found in this box (and the Furtwngler experience can be addictive!) However, at merely $1 per CD, there is really no reason not to get this box before it becomes unavailable.  Strongly recommended.  ------------------  \\"Well, you see what we are reduced to. We are now in a time when a S**** is considered a master. How small he was next to Furtwngler. .... To me, he [Furtwngler] was Beethoven.\\"  -- Maria Callas, after a radio performance of Beethoven's 8th symphony conducted by renowned G.S..  ------------------  (*) Indeed, the editors states that \\"This box thus represents the state of knowledge in 2010. If any of our valued listeners know of recordings of pieces not included in this edition, we would be grateful for details of them.\\" See p.43 of the notes.
0545265355|5.0|I usually read books that are entertaining in order to temporarily leave my reality to participate in another. I was on my way to Utah for a conference, and I thought I would need a book to entertain myself and pass the time with a good story. Early that day I heard about the book series; the Hunger Games, and as it happens I came across the first book at Hastings that very day. I didn't expect to really learn anything from this first book.  I just needed a good read.    The Hunger Games trilogy takes place in the distant future where the world governments have collapsed under the increasing weight of population and disease, as well as planet-wide climate changes. The story takes place in the kingdom of Panem, a shaky mixture of Monarchy and Communism. Although Panem has a president, it becomes clear that he did not become president out of any real elections. There are 13 districts including the capitol district. The capitol maintains a strong hold over the others. In one special way to deter any form of dissent and rebellion, the capitol forces each district to send 2 \\"tributes\\" to a fight to the death known as the hunger games. These tributes however are between the ages of 12 to 18 years of age. This form of punishment for the previous rebellion, also serves to keep the other districts in competition with one another.    The main character this story centers around is Katniss Everdeen. Katniss (or Kat) is a survivor in all manner of the word. She solely hunts and gathers to keep her mother and sister from starving to death. When it comes time for her sister to go to the hunger games as a tribute, Katniss is overrun with emotion and volunteers to go in her stead. Along for the ride are her two love interests Peeta and Gale. While each shares the same affection for her, they differ in many ways. Katniss is constantly torn between the two; her attraction to Gale lends itself to all the time the two have spent hunting together, yet his fiery hate for the capitol keeps them estranged. Peeta is the more simple of the two.  His affections run deep although he is constantly pushed away by Katniss.   In the text Katniss bounces back and forth between the two, but not because she wants to. In order to win support from the people, Katniss is forced to pretend to be in love, even to be impregnated by Peeta. I thought this was an interesting plot device to pull the two together. However another factor is at work in Gale's favor. The longer they are apart, the more Katniss yearns for Gale. As I always say 'absence makes the heart grow fond.' This shows in the story as when Kat returns from the hunger games she constantly thinks about Gale. This love triangle that the three find themselves in is one we all have heard before; however, unlike other stories, this story is more agreeable and understandable.    I personally loved this series. The story was very intriguing and entertaining. I found myself unable to put the books down. After reading it I felt as if I understood humanity a little better. The stories would sometimes become slowed and tedious but the author did that to build up the surprise or plot twist that followed. Further I would suggest this series to anyone no matter what age for an interesting lesson in love, life, and humanity.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|Discovering new uses every time...Love the synch feature..I take photos of business cards &amp; store...open a note &amp; store names of restaurants recommended to me. Drop in recipes from the web... Cool way to keep info in easy reach.
B001UV4XJ2|2.0|The movie is great. The blu-ray is sharp and the extras are really neat. So why did I give this item a low rating? The \\"digital copy\\" is horrible. I travel and like to bring movies on my iPad. The digital copy of this movie must be streamed thru the UltraViolet site. Really??? I am not happy. What a waste. That must be why the item was cheaper than I expected.
B0052VUNHC|2.0|This book is not for me.  Now, I realize that I am in the minority here, because if you look on Goodreads, over 1400 people gave this novel five stars and absolutely loved it, but I'm not one of them.  This just goes to show that different people like different things; we all have different tastes, and that's okay, because it makes us unique.  I may love a novel that my best friend absolutely hates, and vice versa, but that doesn't mean either of us is wrong, only that we have different likes and dislikes, different opinions.  That being said, I really didn't care for this novel.  In fact, it really turned me off, mainly because I know someone just like Travis Maddox, I've been in Abby's shoes, and it's not a pretty thing--it doesn't end well.  I think I spent a majority of this novel sitting there yelling at Abby to get the heck out of there, and for Travis to get some therapy.  I know, it sounds terrible, but Travis is so unhinged, physically destroying things when he doesn't get his way, that it was nerve-wracking to read about.  I felt like Abby was in danger throughout the entire novel, and even though things turn out okay, anyone as needy as Travis is dangerous, in my opinion, especially when alcohol is in the mix.<br /><br />Abby is trying to outrun her past, but in the end she seems to be right back where she started, making bad decisions and throwing in her lot with someone who I, personally, don't think is the best person to hang around.  Yes, this is fictitious, and McGuire has tailored her story to go a certain way, making it almost fairy tale like in the end, but I felt like it was unrealistic, mostly based on my own personal experiences with my own Travis Maddox, so my bias tainted my reading of this novel.  I am not an extreme feminist, by any means, but I am an independent person, and watching Travis control Abby as he does throughout the novel really irked me, again, based on personal experience.  Because of this, I had a difficult time reading it and, therefore, can only give it two stars.fore, can only give it two stars.
B005ELQVGW|3.0|I haven't seen any of the Ipad apps or art installations that were apparently developed with this album, the pieces on this album may succeed wildly in these formats as something to experience, but as an album it comes off as indulgent and dull. The music and choral pieces have some cool textures, Bjork's voice is as impressive as ever but there are very little in the way of actual tunes here. Lyrics disappear into the ether, most of it moves along at a slow thumping tempo that sounds like an interlude to a main work that never arrives.   So, it's pretty and experimental and challenging, but it's not something you can really enjoy on it's own without a gigantic amount of effort. Search out the apps or videos, put it on in the background for a cool backdrop to fill up the space with some interesting sounds, but don't expect an album you can passively enjoy.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I started to use evernote years ago with version 1.3. I switched to.OneNote a little over a year ago when I moved to Windows Phone 7. Both applications are great, but now that evernote is supported on my phone, and in my new kindle fire, I am glad to be back. The desktop application is beautiful and the mobile versions are amazingly good. Plus evernote works the way I like, and it is more pleasant.<br /><br />This application is a must no matter which platform you use.
0307463745|5.0|Why another review when there are over 300? 2 reasons: 1) I dont bother reading a book unless it has over 30 reviews on Amazon, that way I know its worth reading and dont waste my time. 2) I find other good books to read by clicking on profiles of strong reviewers on books I like and reading other books they find favorable, I am simply returning the favor and helping others to gain knowledge the same way I do.<br /><br />Borrowed this book free from the library and it changed how I viewed business strategy. Rework is really inspirational stuff and it really helped people to focus on what really needs to be done. I see many entrepreneurs focused on building a business plan, convinced that businesses NEEDED to get a loan prior to startup, now I see that a loan would have just tied most entrepreneurs down with expenses (loan payments) and had them spending all this money on crap their business didnt really need. Keep your business small, perfect advice.<br /><br />There is nothing I could say that hasnt been said better already, however if your an avid reader, you can finish this book in 2 hours. Def worth the read and I will be buying my own copy, and I rarely buy books.
B0063IH60K|1.0|All I can say is that the rave reviews are from the devs, their friends or users who are easily excited.
1451627289|3.0|This SK book could have been much shorter.....I found myself speed reading thru many pages. It certainly was well researched, giving the reader a good glimpse of life in the late fifties early 60's but the contradictions, while unavoidable, were glaring. I remember reading The Shining way back when and feeling the terror at the Overlook Hotel and the pure evil I felt with The Stand. What I consider to be SK's signature books. There was none of that with 11/23. It was, well, a good read but not what I was hoping for.
B0055SWM08|4.0|nice puzzle game.  i was hoping for more story... but i really enjoy it.  nice graphics. nice interface.  it is worth 99 cents.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This CD is a great representation of the strength, power and individuality of KC. Her voice is on point and the CD is a varied mix but all representative of her unique talent.
B004GYY714|1.0|Thanks to the developers for the fake review below! I cannot explain all the 5* reviews. I downloaded this app an hour ago, tuned to my favorite overseas channel and hopped in the shower. Admittedly it was a long shower but in 45 minutes I had to jump out, dry my hands, log into my phone, check the app, force start it, jump back in the shower and continue sudsing up, a total of 7 times. So you can see why I'm not enjoying this app. Sorry, but it's a big thumbs down and immediate uninstall.   Maybe the next time the devs write another review they should be a bit more honest. one can wish!
B0050DZ8J0|2.0|You can't look up groups you are connected to. The whole app is a little thin in comparison to the website.
B000BNI90O|5.0|The perfect purchase for any Lord of the Rings movie fan, especially if you are, as I am, completely in love with Howard Shore and the soundtracks of these movies. I now have all three of the Complete Recordings, and I must say that The Fellowship of the Ring is my favourite. It is completely worth the price. As I said, a perfect purchase for any LotR fan, or a perfect present for any of them.
B002WIDRM6|5.0|This group has really filled the gap between old fashioned country and something more modern. The voices and instruments on this CD(and the one that follows this one) are amazing. The harmony and range of songs make this a perfect listen when you want a little country.
B005DF2QMC|4.0|I bought this item because I have many old cassette tapes which I cannot play any more.  The instruction is not the greatest.  But, once you figure out how it works, I was able to create MP3 files out of my old tapes.  The sound quality is actully pretty good.  The output from one side of the tape is converted into one MP3 file.  But, it does not break each sound into a separate MP3 file.  That is the limitation.  Maybe some one knows how to label each sound.  I am happy that I preserve the music I have and am able to play it on my iPod.
0316098329|3.0|I \\"read\\" this as an audio book. The main voice, which is the main point of view in the book, is from the little boy. And, at first, I wondered how I would get through it, because listening to a 5 year old talk for hours on end is not my idea of a good time. And, I didn't know exactly what the book was about, so I didn't know how it would go or what to expect. I googled it. I found the topic very disturbing.<br /><br />After listening long enough to get hooked, I felt the need to finish it, but honestly, I would NOT suggest this book to anyone. SPOILER ALERT: The story is about the little boy and his mom being held captive for many years, their escape, and their life afterwards. It's tragic, disgusting, disturbing and heart-breaking. In the end, when \\"all is well,\\" it's still not really well. So, reading this book is just saddening.<br /><br />The fact that people have been held captive and treated horribly in real life is AWFUL! But, I don't think stories like that make for good fiction.
B00012QM8G|5.0|This movie begins shortly after the beginning of the second World War and tells the story of a man named, Oscar Schindler. But the movie becomes more than just a story about a Nazi, it is a miraculous tale of the Jewish workers he saved. Schindler is a businessman who seeks Jewish workers for his plan which involves opening a manufacturing plant. At the time, Jews were forced into working for the Germans for cheap or unpaid labor. Inorder for Schindler's plot to work, he must wheel and deal with Itzak Stern; a very intelligent Jew with ties to most of the Jewish community. Their partnership gains Schindler access to a large sum of money he needs to open the factory, which he borrows. By this time, the Jews have already been ordered to evacuate their homes, and shipped off by the masses (those who aren't blantently murdered). To the Germans, Jews were basically useful for anything, with the exception of labor. Males, females, families, and children were grouped together based on how \\"useful\\" they appeared. Individuals deemed too weak or feebil were usually exterminated; the ones who made the cut were forced to work for their persecutioner.     For a period of time, Stern (Schindler's right-hand man), falsified documents in an effort to attain Jews who ultimately would have been slaughtered. Schindler ends up befriending the brutal man who runs the \\"Ghetto\\"- one of the small confinements where the Jews were being transported. Subsequently, this \\"friendship\\" becomes beneficial and critical to Oscar and \\"his\\" Jews. The day arrives that the Ghetto must be cleared out and all Jews shipped to a concentration camp at Auschwitz; including Oscar's workers. Oscar uses his relationship with the Ghetto-runner to let him relocate his workers to another area. Being the vicious, money-hungry, savage he is, the Ghetto-operator gives Schindler the go ahead, in exchange for money. Schindler and his Jewish counterpart , Itzak, composes a list of all his workers. If their name was onthe list, it exempted the Jew from being forced to relocate to Auschwitz. At one point, a train carrying some of his workers arrives at the wrong location- Auschwitz. Schindler, hearing of this, hurries to the city to rectify the problem. He bribes the manager of the concentration camp to let him have his workers back, as well as every other woman and child in the camp. With this accomplished, the people are boarded onto a train and sent back to Schindler's organization. Once they reach their destination, they must still work for him, but they are allowed to do be human once again.     Schindler used his business skills and bribery to achieve everything he wanted. His Jews were saved from the Holocaust massacre. The people he saved make up but a tiny percentage of the world Jewish population at the time, but the fact that he cared enough to do so was the miracle. The last scenes of the movie show the actual grave of Schindler and a line of Jewish survivors leaving flowers. The Holocaust exterminated over six million Jews. Unimaginable acts were taken against them for no apparent reason except Hitler's insecurities. It is a fact that something could have been done to curve or even stop the Holocaust, had the world not just sat in silence. But, the past cannot be undone, and atleast something was done about it. It is beyond imagination what could have resulted if Hitler and his military had not been stopped. In present-day, debates arise about the actions that could have been taken to prevent such tragedies.    Today the Holocaust still impacts the Jewish population. The overall impact of the massacre has caused many Jews to question the word of God. After all, the Jews being the chosen people should have received protection for being such devote followers of God. It caused the dispersion of the Jewish populations from their homelands and the loss of much of their genetic diversity. Exterminating that many people has devastating effects on physiology, biology, and mentality. In countries with Jewish populations, there is a new Holiday set aside for remembrance of the Holocaust. An entire minute of silence is offered, when all other on-goings are halted for the moment of silence. Depending on the family, feasts or celebrations may be held. Holocaust Memorial Day is set aside, not just for Jews, but the general population, so they may also pay their respects. Schindler's List was, and still is, one of the best movies ever made.
B003L77GH4|5.0|Awesome. Love this show. Can't wait for season 3 to come out to buy. One of the best shows out there.
B00005AMFI|5.0|I had a friend recommend this to me and I bought it without really knowing what to expect.  It was purposely slow and let you in to the lives of these individuals.  The cinematography was exceptional and it should be a must view for any film major.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|I absolutely love this game. And so do my 8 and 10 year old boys. Its challenging but not to the point where I get frustrated and don't want to play. Very addicting!!!
B003R0MF5I|4.0|Can't wait to start watching this. I had it on pre order and waited a while but every now and then got an email saying it was still on order.
B00338QENI|3.0|This was a very interesting story and well-written. However, I have a Kindle and the only easy way of knowing how much of the book is left is by what percentage is shown as read. This book ended at 80%. The rest of it was mainly a glossary of people in the story, etc. and not very interesting. If not for this, I probably would have given it 4 stars.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|great for keeping track of inspirational images that you find on the web. I have it installed on my Pc at home, work, and on my Kindle fire, and my Windows phone.
B0060V1WJ6|4.0|I loved it. Made me cry, laugh, and god the guy from the notebook is sooo hot!!!!  Love it! I can relate somewhat into this storyline, I happen to believe that there is a soulmate for everyone of us, and sometimes it may lose its fizzle. the fact that they all were able to work things out in the end is touching. I truly would recommend this movie.
B005V2EVBQ|2.0|Unlike most reviews, I found the product design to be quite nice. It's so compact and sleek you tend not to even notice it's there, yet it's still very protective. Yes $30 may seem a bit much given the latter minimalist design, but if you account for the value of protecting a $200 device, 15% is reasonable to me. That reason I'm returning mine is because the rubber started flaking off the back after a week of very light usage. This was very disappointing because as I said, the design is actually the most minimal yet functional you'll find. But I can't support something that falls apart with virtually no usage.
B005V2EVBQ|3.0|The MicroShell Folio Cover is at first glance pretty nice. It fits well, it looks good, and it offers some protection for your Kindle Fire. However it is not a very good stand for me because it has only one position to prop the tablet up in. If the lighting, or your seat and/or standing location presents an issue you are out of luck.<br />I might like it as a second travel cover with a different cover as the primary one.
0802130208|2.0|I've heard about this 1967 Pulitzer Prize winning novel for many years.  There was a lot of hype about it, how the author committed suicide at age 31 and how his mother then shopped the book around to publishers until it finally got into print.  I was never interested though because I heard it was a comedy and comedies are just not my style.  But recently a friend who knows I read a lot insisted I read this.  \\"Why not\\", I thought, \\"this is a classic\\".<br /><br />The story is about a brilliant misfit - overweight, sloppy and more than a little bit crazy.  He lives at home with his mother, cannot hold a job and composes long-winded letters and essays in his squalid room.  It's set in the city of New Orleans where he tries his hand at a few different jobs such as working in the office of a pants manufacturer and, latter, selling hot dogs from a wagon.  He and all the other characters are caricatures rather than real people I could relate too.  And they all seemed absurd and grotesque.<br /><br />I found the book tedious and somewhat sad and, even though I occasionally chuckled to myself a bit, I found it plodding and rather boring.  Actually, I had to force myself to finish it.  I just can't understand why it was such a roaring success.  Well, tastes do vary.  And so even though I can appreciate the bright tortured soul of the author, I absolutely cannot recommend it at all.
B004XCUEXY|5.0|Funny, dealing with the general public (which yes, I know I am part of), loved this documentary. Must recommend. I am a late Foo Fighters fan, but can fully appreciate the effort/history. One of my favorites (ok, plus now Pat Smear).
0345528581|5.0|At 41 years old I have been around gyms and have tried a lot of work outs. I tried P90X to but found 6 hours a week, 6 days aweek was ridiculous for a person who actually has a job and a life---I got decent results but my body always felt beat up. Not in a good way either. After 8 weeks I thought  \\"enough\\"     A friend told me about this book and I thought I'd give it a try. I got the ipod app that goes with the book to make it easier to follow.  The results are astounding! It makes no sense to me how I can see such results working out only 4 days a week for approx. 30 mins. with no weights but yet the results keep coming!  He does not cover warm ups however, which I think is important. So make sure you do. Especially the shoulder joints.  If you have the discipline to commit to a program, not just buy it, do it once then stop because your muscles are sore, then buy it! You'll be amazed how good you look. Seriously! It works great!  Get the app too, it makes everything so much easier with the timers and the week by week program.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|Amazingly simple and very useful. Gives phone accesss to all files on your local network and vice versa via any web browser. Point-and-click file-menu makes moving files to and from phone a snap. All done WIRELESSLY!
B005OCFHHK|2.0|Ok so I wanted JUST the Bluerays BUT this is not what you want if you want just bluerays and extras... I have to tell you save your money and get the extras by going to Amazon.co.uk best thing I ever did.. The blueray set has 3 extra disks and it is only 49$ WITH shipping... one more time Amazon.co.uk and enter \\"Harry Potter - The Complete 8-Film Collection [Blu-ray] [2011][Region Free]\\" save the money and get exstras!
1400052181|2.0|way too much involvement on book's part with the tragic family why do we really want to know about everyone's ridiculous theories \\"god was punishing her for leaving her home town!\\" \\"somethin' live musta gotten up inside her! we'd go swimmin in the pond and we kept our panties on but somehow somethin live musta gotten up inside her!\\" give me a break a little of this might have been appropriate as background but these people are so ... not worth hearing from for hundreds of pages. . . and every step of the way it's their story. deborah is asked to have blood drawn, and her reaction, \\"Oh no sweet Jesus don't take my babies from me, NO NO NO!\\" I really couldn't take being subjected to the stupidity of these pathetic creatures for hundreds of pages made it to about page 200.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|WOW ! This is the best S.K. book in a long time.  Yes I am a fan.  The story is tight, although this is in the first person it reminds me of the \\" voices \\" of his greatest works.  I don't have the required skill to review but yet not reveal ... and I don't want to steal one second of your enjoyment of this fine novel.   BY FAR EVERY BIT AS GOOD AS HIS BEST WORK , King has never written a better novel... although others are equal to this, I put this on a par with The Shining, The Stand and IT.    Have a wonderful time in the \\"land of Ago\\"  I certainly did !
1451648537|5.0|Steve Jobs:<br />This is the third biography I have read from Walter Isaacson and it is not only his best, but the best biography I have ever read. Not only does it clearly tell the story of Apple's rise, fall, and rebirth as a powerhouse, but it brings Steve Jobs to life in technicolor. I was so moved by the passages, that I'd laugh out loud, gasp at times, and have tears running down my cheeks at other times. Most biographies get to be slow in spots, but not this one. It is as much a page-turner as any fictional thriller. I have seen my colleagues fiercely loyal to the Apple brand, whereas I was previously not impressed. I've been on the IBM PC and Microsoft side of the divide for a long time. However, recently I bought both an iphone and an Ipad and have come to make them an essential part of my life. The book tells the story of how the Macintosh, Ipod, Iphone, and Ipad came into being. Moreover, it tells the story brilliantly. I felt like a fly on the wall in the Apple developmental labs as I read the stories. Yes, Steve Jobs was difficult, abrasive, and arbitrary, but it is clearly his genius that brought these innovative products to the market. It was his impatience, his uncompromising philosophy, his futuristic vision of the customer experience, and his artistic instincts that brought revolution after revolution to the computer world. Steve Jobs was the supreme example of a person, who could think outside the box. When he realized that there was a better way to fashion the product, he wasn't afraid to re-engineer a nearly finished product. I am reminded of Howard Hughes redoing an over-budget \\"Hell's Angels\\" when technicolor made his version dated. Both Jobs and Hughes had extraordinary leadership ability, pride in and dedication to their creations, and great personal courage. The invention of the Ipod transformed Apple from a computer company into a music company. Steve Job's persuasiveness made the record companies do what they instinctively resisted, that is, to sell music cheaply over the internet. The iTunes store became a gold mine for Apple. Isaacson also vividly paints the personal side of Steve Jobs: His dating, his head-over-heels true loves, his children, and his lengthy struggle with a deadly cancer. I keep asking myself why this book had such a strong impact on me. Some of the answers are: He lived in my time, not a bygone era or maybe my fascination with computers and programming. However, I think the strongest reason is that I personally identify with his values and admire his individuality. Ralph Hermansen 11-19-2011to sell music cheaply over the internet. The iTunes store became a gold mine for Apple. Isaacson also vividly paints the personal side of Steve Jobs: His dating, his head-over-heels true loves, his children, and his lengthy struggle with a deadly cancer. I keep asking myself why this book had such a strong impact on me. Some of the answers are: He lived in my time, not a bygone era or maybe my fascination with computers and programming. However, I think the strongest reason is that I personally identify with his values and admire his individuality. Ralph Hermansen 11-19-2011
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Use it all the time - it's my memory backup (important data), my record keeper (kids' measurements), reference (photos of last year's Xmas decorations so I can do it just the same way this year), etc.
B005I6EVUG|4.0|Love this cover! It is well made, beautiful and offers the feeling of holding a book when reading. It is a tight fit hope the elastic holds out. I have no problems with it closing. This case is superior quality with the feel of a fine leather bound book. I recomend this one.
B000A6T1HC|5.0|Opera Proibita is a 2005 Decca Music Group recording starring Cecilia Bartoli. Marc Minkowski leads les Musiciens du Louvre-Grenoble. Here we get to hear Bartoli sing Handel, Scarlatti and Caldara. Bartoli sings with much emotion and at times even one can feel slight aggression. Claudio Osele has written the music notes. All the lyrics are available in German, Italian, French and English. Also included are several photographs of Ms Bartoli from the time of the recording. A very accomplished recording and a great performance on behalf of Cecilia Bartoli. Highly recommended. 5/5.
0446195529|2.0|The author seems to have a natural gift for action and suspense, but that alone didn't deliver a decent novel.  The protagonist is a disavowed and disafected super-spy-kill-you-with-my-thumbs kind of guy.  Somehow, we have to believe he has previously been capable of toppling corrupt governments, penetrating foreign intelligence agencies and soforth, but he devoted his life to camping in a tentas a protester on the grass near the whitehouse?  OK, so the foundation is weak.  That is established from the outset.  Might have been interesting in the first in this series, but, alas I started here.  So, I lower my expectations to somewhere around Jack Reacher or Clive Cussler: lets have a good mindless romp.  Maybe Dolph Lundgrun will play the hero in the movie.  Sorry, this even fails as a mindless romp because it doen't have enough action.  Also, every shortcoming of the mindless shot-em-up is there.  The characters are two dimensional from start to end.  The investigation takes senseless leaps.  As crime fighters, they wander around DC doing things crime fighters would never do.  As government spooky types, they do nothing a spook would do.  In fact, where secrecy is concerned none of them can keep a secret at all.  Info goes from the eyes-only in the oval office straight to the civilians and foreign spies like so much gossip.  As kill-you-with-my-thumbs special ops chracters, the don't hold up either.  No stone left unturned - a dud from every perspective.  So, the most positive observation I can make is that among the very low reviews, the majority say something to the affect that they are die-hard Balducci fans and single this book out as an exception.  Could there be hope on his other books?  Many fans seem to think so.....
0441018866|4.0|If you like Reynold's epic stories, you will not be disappointed by this one. And if you don't, this is as a good way to start as any. This time, we are 6M years into the future, give or take some twoscore thousands... and the story turns around a host of \\"shatterlings\\", clones traveling each on their own track around the galaxy and reassembling for a grand feast every 200K years. Only this time, something goes terribly wrong.... and the survivors must understand what hit them before they are all gone.
B0064J6OMO|1.0|Horrible movie!  Every other word is a swear word.  No reasonable story line.  Don't waste your money.  I stopped the movie after 1 hour, and I refuse to watch anymore.  I NEVER do that!  If there was a way to give it zero stars I would.  I think even a single star is too generous.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|This is a great read, read it in four days. The story line, characters are very real, once started, had trouble putting it down. I have just one suggestion, if you have other things that need being done, don't start reading this book! Everything thing else will be put on hold.
B004FOA84A|1.0|not compatible with my tablet  running honeycomb  frustrated that i bought it from looking at the reviews i am not the only one
B00000DGUY|5.0|Well recorded CD. If your a fan of Dire Straits I would highly recomend this CD, you won't regreat it.
B005K2XUPK|5.0|So I love Timbuk2 products therefore I purchased this envelope. Protects my Kindle Fire perfectly and of course fits with no problem what so ever. Love it and the colors they offer!!
B004Q7CIFI|5.0|Starting with Under the Dome and continuing with 11/23/63, King silences the critics of his lackluster previous releases. This is the writer that brought us 'Salem's Lot, Cujo, Christine, The Shining, Misery, and nameless other novels that have captured the imaginations of every generation since they saw print. As is mostly the case, as in Under the Dome, the strength of 11/23/63 is the characterization. While the isn't an out and out horror story that Steve King has come to be synonymous with, it is a wonderful magical journey, bringing to mind Hearts in Atlantis, but done a hundred times better. The past comes alive and the reader can not help but feel a nostalgia for a time ling since gone. The time period in this book is years before I was even born, but it has awoken a yearning for that bygone era and the lifestyle. This novel is a tour de force of why Mr. King is THE NAME in contemporary literature, regardless of genre. Gone is the melancholy of Lisey's Story, From a Buick 8, and Duma Key.  Read this book and discover why King is still King and a mater of the craft.
B005ZTFPFQ|3.0|Reminds me of the old trackball.  Does not translate well to a touch screen for me, but others might not have a problem.  I just don't have enough screen real estate to make it very playable.  Using a ThunderBolt, so I have a 4.3 inch screen. Game played well otherwise and was just like I remembered. It was very clear to me that I was only getting one game and had to buy the others at a buck a piece, that should wipe away half the dumb 1 star reviews.
B004ZNAGNE|5.0|This is a remastered CD that sounds much better then the standard recorded CD. I own the standard and the new remastered CD and this remastered is well worth the money. I would recamend this CD to any one who likes Pink Floyd.
B005IZLPMY|5.0|This is a fantastic introduction to one of Marvel's best characters.  The filmmakers got everything right as far as tone, look, and feel of the Captain America mythos.  Definitely recommended.
B0050PYNO4|5.0|I actually really liked this movie.  It thinks outside the box.  Seriously, whether from another country, planet, or galaxy, we should have an open mind and not let our limiting beliefs such as stereotypes, labels, peer pressure, prevent us from learning or getting to know different cultures, ideas, people, living organisms, etc.  I don't know about where you live, but where I am currently, it seems people are just so damn paranoid.  I don't know if it's the media, common ideas within the city, misguided beliefs growing up.  But yeah, this movie rocks with an intelligent cast.  There has to be life somewhere else in the universe.  It would be narrow minded to think there isn't.  But then again it's not bad or good to think that way, just very limited.  But then again, some animals prefer a small cage...Get it?
B003Y5H54W|5.0|I initially saw this movie for one reason only: Amanda Seyfried, and she is GREAT in it. As is Gary Oldham. I came away delighted and bought the DVD. It exists on many levels: You have this enchanted village, with the lighting on Seyfried making her appear more an other-worldly delight from-a-fable than a normal young girl. Her sister found murdered by the wolf they all thought they had an understanding with, the Dagelhornians decide to kill the beast, raising all kinds of issues in the process. A special werewolf hunter (Gary Oldman), arrives to take control over everybody's life in order to kill the beast. Hero/deliverer quickly becomes tyrant-in-Dagelhorn amidst the love interest of the monied suitor vs. the true love of the woodsman for Amanda's hand. The fact that the \\"wealthy\\" suitor is a kind of blacksmith lends a touching morality tale: The bracelet he gives her is a simple tin-looking trinket, yet it is admired as something the poorer woodsman admits, \\"I could never give you anything like that.\\" I thought it was an interesting take on 'marrying-for-money' theme when in Dagelhorn money doesn't get u very much aside from some ego-juice. Also, contrary to template, the monied suitor is actually an OK guy himself. The suspense starts when we - along with the Dagelhornians - and can they party! - have to understand the werewolf returns to his human form after he emerges in GREAT SPECIAL FX - so he cud be anyone. This is a fascinating turn, because we are subjected to constant hints and clues, along with outrageous camera \\"plots\\" in which the camera shows us Point-of-Views indicating the actions of certain characters; not all having ultimate relevance. So the viewer gets to play detective, keeping some clues, throwing out others. Keeping in mind this is a FABLE that is playing out themes of Loyalty, Love, Commitment, Fear, and also LOGIC. So you have to balance Logic with the obvious \\"suspension of disbelief\\" that plays mightily in werewolf-fables. How Amanda-as-Witch winds up solving the whole werewolf issue is pretty creative, and at the end I'm left wondering if a sequel wouldn't be fun with Seyfriend getting a little Wolfie herself. :)-Witch winds up solving the whole werewolf issue is pretty creative, and at the end I'm left wondering if a sequel wouldn't be fun with Seyfriend getting a little Wolfie herself. :)
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I'm not often moved to review a movie, but this story and this film work truly merit the praise and expression of satisfaction the work brought out for me.  Rarely moved by films to emotion, the story of this dog should remind us of the pure, uncomplicated and devoted love dogs have for their human companions.  Having been chosen once to be a dog's master, then losing that dog with his death, I didn't have a feeling for how it \\"is\\" for dogs when it happens the other way around.  By now, you've read what happens in the film, but do see this movie.  It is wonderfully done, touching and emotional right where and when you need it.
1416955070|5.0|I am so hooked on this series. It is one of those books I can't put down. I am suprised at some of the bad reviews it got, but as they say everyone is a critic. I read for fun and don't need everything to have some higher meaning. This book has a lot of action, great plot, and is just fun.
B005JLN9ZI|1.0|This was suppose to be the deluxe edition but its not cause there are no bonus tracks I'm very disappointed cause i assumed i was purchasing the deluxe edition!!
B003AQBYUG|5.0|I noticed that there were two different Alien Anthology Blu-ray sets for sale on Amazon.  They appeared to be identical, except this set has small markings on the front of the box (both say \\"18\\", which is \\"Fit for viewing by persons aged 18 years or more\\" according to the back of the box) which apparently is from the Irish Film Classification Office.  This set, I believe, is some kind of import.  With that being said, I have not had any problems with play back. I can't compare the exact content, as I only own this set.  But, this set gives you a TON!!!!!  You get all four movies on four discs (Alien, Aliens, Alien 3, and Alien Resurrection) and two discs of special features.  The cover sticker claimed 60 hours of additional content.  Here's some info from the back of the box:  Alien:  Original Version (116 minutes)    Alien:  Director's Cut (110 minutes)  Letterbox Version 16:9 (Presented in 2.35:1 Aspect Ratio)  Aliens:  Original Version (131 minutes)  Aliens:  Special Edition (148 minutes)  Widescreen Version 16:9 (Presented in 1.85:1 Aspect Ratio)  Alien3:  Original Version (109 minutes)  Alien3:  Special Edition (138 minutes)  Widescreen Version 16:9 (Presented in 2.35:1 Aspect Ratio)  Alien Resurrection:  Original Version (104 minutes)  Alien Resurrection:  Special Edition (111 minutes)  Widescreen Version 16:9 (Presented in 2.35:1 Aspect Ratio)  The first thing I did was try each disc in my player and every single one of them loaded without a hitch.  I'm not sure if I'm able to quote prices in my review, but I will say that this set was over 50% cheaper than the other region 1 U.S. version.  If you are having any doubts, read the reviews on this product.  I am reviewing ASIN: B003AQBYUG, and not ASIN: B001AQO3QA.  I recently purchased my blu-ray player from Amazon, a Panasonic DMP-BDT310.  It was manufactured in Sept 2011 so I can confirm that this newer player definitely reads the discs.  This set is not specifically for region 1/U.S., but rather all regions.The back of the box says A/B/C.  If you use Amazon's help to learn more about regions, you'll see that A, B and C pretty much covers everywhere.  If you're looking to add this set to your collection, I highly recommend it.  As the title of my review says, it was an absolute steal!  Order with confidence and enjoy :)
B000YMM3CC|2.0|Sorry to have to bring things down to reality, but the only reason I gave this two stars were for the main male leads being played by James Garner (one of my favorites) and the upcoming Ryan Gosling.  The film may have \\"garnered\\" more stars if they hadn't blown the more-interesting subplot half way through the movie by introducing the children.  If they would have held that to almost the end, the impact of their relationship would had maximum romantic and emotional impact.  Instead, it became more of a case study of Alzheimer's disease.
B005L7B1S2|5.0|Really enjoyed this episode a lot of twist and turns. It was fun from beginig to end. As a part time Whovian I was a bit worried about where they were going but great episode no spoilers in this review.
B002OSY2T6|3.0|When we read the description of this toy, we thought that it moved on its own. We were disappointed with it, but my son loves it. He has had the toy from age 3 months and is now 9 1/2 months old. He moves the lady bug back and forth and likes to chew on the the top of the head. It seems to entertain him even though it doesn't move on its own. If you lay the toy flat, you can spin the mirrored section and smaller babies really enjoy watching it spin.
B004RJMUJO|2.0|larest version is still not as smooth as itouch version. going from froyo to gingerbread made more missed swipes. almost unplayable.
B0026IUXME|2.0|A good movie about WWII Poland and a view inside the Warsaw ghetto, the movie is an interesting journey of a man who spent most of the war locked in rooms evading the Germans.  The problem is that the movie spans the entire war, leaving me disconnected emotionally with the principal character.  The leaps of months and months in time were boldly displayed throughout the movie.  In the end, only two things could have truely made this an epic emotional picture:  a) Steven Speilberg should have finished the movie in his sytlistic dramatic fashion, or b) the character should have been mistakenly been shot by Polish troops thinking he was German.  Neither the stunningly impressive scenery of war time nor the drama of dead bodies being walked around in the streets were not enough to promote this film past two stars.
B005RK6EU8|4.0|So River is but when did and what about and then so why and ok the library and could the mean lady be but oh no and wow I did not see that coming but what about next season but then there was that one episode then there is that Christmas special coming up ooh I sure hope so. No spoilers here.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Heck of a lot of fun! Definitely worth the investment. I can hardly wait for the second version! Hopefully there will be a Greedy spiders two.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|This is as good as some of his best.  A great story line with characters you will fall in love with.  I would place it as one of my favorite SK books.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|this is one of the best app I have ever brought and it is worth ever single penny so do not hesitate in buying this game
B005O30Y5Y|1.0|One of the best Harry Potters (my personal favorite is still The Prisoner of Azkaban). Four+ stars for the actual movie, one star for the Warner movie execs and Ultraviolet, the movie DRM of the week.   Look, the only thing studio types understand is $. I'm not buying it (even though I have the other 7 movies) because I refuse to pay for something I do not want.
074356619X|3.0|Well. I'm really huge fan of the spirit of itself and I bought Englsh and Korean Version of 'The Secret' and Eng. 'The Power', 'The Secret For teen', of course DVD. I became to live with 'the Secret' when I was in Korea.(South. Please guys. if you meet people who introduce themself Korean, You can consider him South Korean') Anyway, I really impressed with it and I really understand and am using it. Now I'm studying in USA. I found this Audio book version and bought it. Yeah. I like everything of CD. it's totally the same I thought. But... Am I only person who thought it is plastic pack? Shown sample image on Amazon looks Plastic pack. But the one that delivered to me is not Plastic But Paper pack. I hope you understand what I mean. Actually I'm not sure how to call it. 'Pack' is right? something used for keep CD disks.. something like.. Somehow, except that. I love this!
1400062756|2.0|I have not read the entire book yet, but the more I read, and the more I hear from others, the less sure I am that I have any confidence in this author and her book, Mindset.  On the author's website, there is no way to contact the author or leave a message for her or her staff. I find that fact rather perplexing, especially from an author espousing growth and ongoing learning. I wanted to attempt to contact the author, because there is a quote on her website allegedly from Dr. Binet that appears to have an error in it. Here is the link:  [...]  I seriously doubt that Dr. Binet would have written:  \\"A few modern philosopher's assert...\\"  If the author and the people who work for her can't get simple punctuation correct, as the song goes, what else don't they know? And if there is no way to contact them, what are they willing to learn? How much of a growth mindset do they really have?  I also found the \\"test your mindset\\" test on the author's website to be designed in a way that suggests that it may be biased and self-serving in its very design. I found some of the questions to be based on what appeared to be faulty premises. It's possible to adhere to the premise that intelligence and talent are largely inborn, regardless of whether one's \\"mindset\\" is fixed or growth-oriented.   There is considerable research that supports the notion that intelligence and talent are inborn and hardwired. That said, of course one has the choice as to whether one develops that intelligence or talent, or not. Of course, environment, and practice, and hard work, make a difference, as do a number of other factors. Who would suggest otherwise? Anyone? It seems silly to me that someone might suggest that. Yet that seems to be one of Dweck's key premises.  In my work as an advocate and instructor for gifted and twice-exceptional children and adults, I often see that intelligence is not well understood, and is often confused with high achievement. Of course, one can be both highly intelligent and a high achiever, but it's not always the case.  See this link for more on distinguishing between giftedness and high achievement:  (If you google the phrase quoted below, you will find Kingore's excellent related article:  \\"Kingore intelligence high achievement creative\\")  The author also suggests that a growth mindset, and achievement, are associated with on-going learning. There are many on-going learners in the world who are not high achievers, and who may never be high achievers. How does one measure achievement? There are many on-going learners in the world who don't achieve much.  The comments from Dweck on praise appear to be a bit of a re-hash of what I have read elsewhere on the subject. I think that there is something to be said for natural talent, just as there is something to be said for effort. To suggest it is either-or is just absurd. If Dweck has stumbled up on highlighting this fact as a need in our society and its institutions, then perhaps there is something amiss with our society in general, if that is what people in our society believe.   If someone worships talent, as Dweck suggests, of course errors will be made. Dweck points out what would appear to be obvious in the stories of Enron and Wall Street that she cites. But having a fixed or growth mindset has nothing to do with having intelligence or talent, it seems to me.  In our society, we are far from worshipping talent. The gifted are the most underserved segment in our educational systems today. As a society, we neglect the needs of these millions of gifted children, due to a misguided sense of egalitarianism. Talent is meant to be nurtured and developed, and people who \\"worship\\" it don't understand it themselves, that's all. I would hope that no one would use Dweck's book as a reason to treat gifted children as if they were high achievers, because these are two very different qualities. In my experience, I meet many educators and parents who mix these two things up. The children suffer, as a consequence, and don't get their needs met as a result.  I'm disappointed in this author, in that she has apparently chosen to take advantage of the fact that most people don't understand the difference between intelligence and high achievement.   Of course there are people out there with a fixed mindset. Isn't that just another way of saying they have stopped thinking and learning? Do we really have so many people out there with a fixed mindset that we need a book like Dweck's to point it out to us?   I don't believe that having a fixed mindset or a growth mindset has anything to do with intelligence and talent, per se. As mentioned, intelligence and talent are largely inborn. It's possible for someone to have any level of intelligence or talent, and have either a fixed or growth mindset. Of course, in the ideal world, these qualities would have adequate opportunity to develop, and one would do that by cultivating a growth mindset. But not everyone does.
B005DI65L2|1.0|Like all the other one * reviewers, I hated this book, plus I was insulted. Any observant dog owner knows 90% of what she observes. The other 10% of info is too hard to find since it's buried in her boring, basic observations. Come on! Give us something we can use!
B0055B0MIO|5.0|I love ember to inferno and ascendancy and this album is very much like those albums no more metallica vocals from shogun and crusade thank u trivium u are the best
B005OCFHHK|4.0|So this set doesn't have all the bells and whistles.  That's fine as far as I'm concerned.  You get the complete collection at a reasonable price now, not a year from now.<br />ADDENDUM<br />Well the \\"new\\" collection has been announced for $350.  Wow, I would not pay that much.  I'm sure the purist will be happy.
B005GVA2L0|5.0|I was about to give up on Evanescence since they haven't put out an album in years. Then one day I log on to their website and they have an announcement that they would finally be releasing a new album. I was ecstatic!! Then their first single came out 'What You Want' and I fell in love with their music all over again!!
B0041KKYD8|2.0|What a bad movie, I don't understand how someone can like this. But it has the message for those who don't respect women.
B001E45XT4|4.0|Pros  Shipped overnight which is a plus  Decent bass and sound quality  Comfy ear muffs  Easy install no drivers needed  Clear mic  Cons  Cheap plastic feel to it  Earmuffs absorbs sweat and cant be removed  connects with 3.5mm headphone and mic jacks easy connect to pc soundcard  Needs a usb sound card adapter, RCA adapter (2Female to 1male) and a 3.5mm coupler (female to female)to work on a ps3. not sure on xbox360  Overall  Nice BASIC headphones for the price.
B0024RID60|5.0|I agree with the reviews of this reissue. It sounds like there was either remixing or something tweaked, but anyone who knows this beloved classics is gonna notice some differences in the songs. BUT, I happen to have been lucky enough to hear the new Deluxe Edition, N I am SOOOO HAPPY to report that it's not the UMG Remaster. They remastered it AGAIN, N all of the good things of this edition sound wise, it has those but without having had things changed N having been stripped of the inherent rawness that made it such a groundbreaking classic...
0521675804|1.0|I bought these three books, one I received after paid (3 of them paid together of course in april this year) in a month maybe, as for the other ones... I still have not received them!!!, amazing, they are inicated as shipped and now they tell me they have delivery date for december 6 to the 16th!!!<br />I think I'll think twice next time.
B005JZBP8W|2.0|\\"My Fair Lady\\" is one of the greatest musical films ever produced.  The Blu-ray looks good - but a defect in the transfer leaves the image a bit lighter at the far left and right edges of the screen - It looks like you're watching the film in a theater - and someone left the side theater doors open allwoing the lobby light to pour in vs. watching the film in a completely dark theater.  Wait for CBS/Paramount to correct the problem before ordering
1419702238|1.0|I don't think it is right to read another person's diary.  The \\"author\\" is like 40 years old, so either the name is wrong or he stole some kid's diary.  Totally not cool.  On top of that he mocks the poor kid by calling him wimpy.  Kids have it hard enough without having their private thoughts stolen and given to a world that insults them by labeling them wimpy.
1451627289|5.0|This will be a short review.  11/22/63 is a story of love, history, and the enormity of every step one takes. This is not a horror as most of King's books are. It is a look into the past, and the moments that led up to Kennedy's death. It is a glimpse at how different the world could be if the JFK assassination was prevented. King did an incredible job as always. I was drawn into the story and had a hard time putting this book down. I finished this book far faster than any other 800+ page book I've ever read. King has a way of describing the past that puts you right there with him. As a child of the 80's, going back to the 50's was an exciting adventure. I could almost taste the root beer at 'The Fruit'. Bravo, Stephen King.  - One of your biggest fans, Melissa from Houston, Texas
B004LUS390|4.0|I saw this app and immediately thought \\"Whose line is it anyway\\", sketch comedy gold.  It turns out this app is about actual sketching.  Not really that funny at all.  I was able to draw my disappointment with the app though, so that's a plus.  Then I started to draw scenes from \\"Whose line is it anyway\\", that made me feel much better.  It is a pretty decent drawing app with many features, sadly comedy geniuses like Ryan Stiles, Colin Mochrie, and Wayne Brady are not to be found.
B001MEJX0Q|4.0|I loved the Matrix trilogy. I think it is a landmark in movie making evolution, and we will never see anything like it again. The last fight between Smith and Neo I'm sure were inspired by Dragonball z, but thats ok because I love Dragonball z. I gave it four stars, because it seemed like by the time they got to the last movie they realized they bit off more than they could chew and just wanted to get it over with, but they wanted to go out with a bang, even if the world thought it would make no sense. But, I love you for the Matrix Wachowski Brothers. I know ya'll are still reaping the benifits from the trilogy, but I for one am interested to see what else is on your mind.
B000HWZ4A2|2.0|I understand that Silent Hill, like Resident Evil, were really popular games with interesting characters, but that doesn't mean they all need movies made about them.  And this movie does not seem to treat him as a product of James Sunderland's psyche at all!  He is not supposed to speak at all, but instead keeps talking about \\"rational actors\\" and \\"pulling oneself up by their bootstraps\\".  Also, it is supposed to be a pyramid on his head, not a fountain.
B004LROUNG|5.0|I have read most if not all of Grishams books and enjoyed this one a lot more than some of .  his other efforts.  good story that  kept me interested
B00117S4GS|5.0|A new series is always something delicate because we must forget about all other series and try to get into the new one without any preconceived ideas. And that is difficult.<br /><br />I am going to deal with ideas that will be true for the next seasons first. The main idea, the center of the series itself is a triad of three things: the car, the family and the demon. Note what's more that from the very start the family is reduced to three men, the father John and his two sons Dean and Sam Winchester.<br /><br />This triad of father-elder-son-younger-son is kind of constituted from the very start of the first episode. The elder son comes up one day and literally seizes his younger brother from college to go get their father who has been absent for something like a week. Then this triad is only two looking for the third one. In this season the father will appear as a glimpse in the ninth episode when the two sons come \\"home\\" to clean up the house where their mother was killed. Then he will materialize for good in episode 16, then he disappears again and finally turns back up in the last three episodes of the season in which he is at least at the end possessed by THE demon the sons and father have been hunting down. Dean realizes at the end the father is not normal but cannot shoot him and then Sam will have the opportunity to do it but he will wound the father and let the demon go away. So much for the family.<br /><br />There are many demons, some being more powerful than others. The \\"yellow-eyed\\" one that the two brother and the father are after is a really powerful one, and can command lower ranks demons (that are recognizable by their black eyes). So the father and sons have been chasing the various supernatural phenomena, because it is what they know how to deal with and what they consider to be their job. Yet they are often no links with the demons (yet the more the series go on, the more they are caught in a large web drawn by higher forces from Hell and Heaven). The demons are an extraordinary and rare supernatural opponent that the brothers are not skilled enough to fight properly (yet). Their path is drawn by the supernatural events that are coming onto their way and that they must take care of, learning as they do, to be brothers again. This is then a long picaresque voyage across America but entirely dressed in supernatural and partly horror garb.<br /><br />The third element is the car, a black Chevrolet Impala 1967, Dean's car actually that becomes the car of the hunt. The car is the only means of transportation or nearly. Only one episode involved planes and a plane flight (And Dean is actually scared to get in it, which defines, in a way, a circle that cannot be left, drawn around the car). The car takes the brothers from one place to the next and the road is their world. Along with this road we go from one motel to the next and from one diner to the next, not to speak of gas stations, not too many, true, and other road \\"furniture and contraption\\" without which there would be no travelling. Actually the series does not insist on that too much and along with this horse powered picaresque search we are constantly entertained by music, mostly rock music (which is strange since radio stations are always local and thus can vary a lot from one place to the next, and we do not get any country music nor gospel and other Christian music, nor, and that is absolutely amazing, black music, I mean negro spirituals, jazz, black rock and roll, rap and other forms of that ethnic musical world) (In some episodes we can see that they actually use tapes, and besides, they are able to switch the channel).<br /><br />We should wonder about the geography of the journey: it goes from California to New York and covers practically all the regions except the South. Actually that exclusion, so far, of the south enables the authors and producers to avoid Voodoo (or Vodun) magic and witchcraft. This means the demon they are looking for isa white demon, a demon from the white tradition. Malefic of course, diabolical of course and deeply antichristian: it is thus sensitive to holy water, salt and other standard protections, not to speak of the possibility to exorcize it out of the possessed people. We will note it is visually identified as some kind of dark smoke coming out of the possessed person through the mouth and the master demon is absorbing the soul of a sleeping child through his mouth and out of the child's mouth in a form of a luminous vapor. We remain in the medieval tradition as for that, including the devil's trap in episode 22, fundamentally a pentacle or pentagram in a circle in a triangle representing the devil contained in the circle of God's creation contained in God's trinity.<br /><br />Note, the Yellow-eyed demon does not feed on the babies, but actually feed them (selected babies that are supposed to possess some special abilities - Sam being one of them) with demon blood to make them stronger.<br /><br />Many other subjects should be examined but I would like to say a few words on the father and his sons. There is a strong tradition of authority and respect of authority in this family, and it is common for a son to say \\"yessir\\" to his father. Sam actually represents a certain amount of rebellion against that authority and this rebellious spirit should be scrutinize, though it is an essential dramatic element because it is always at a crucial moment this element occurs. It dictates some very deeply dramatic and potentially tragic emotions in the spectators when that rebellion comes just when the worst catastrophe is going to happen, and when the stake is to kill the father because he is possessed. What son will ever be able to do that?<br /><br />The two brothers on the other side are deeply attached to each other. Their love is absolute and it means death if it is necessary to save the other and it means complete and permanent cooperation. It also has some moments of doubt and rebellion but these deepen the relation instead of breaking it. They live in absolute spatial promiscuity but the film is very careful not to show it, and when it does it does so with great modesty. In fact this physical promiscuity is constantly present in the series because the two brothers are always looking into each other's eyes. It is ocular promiscuity to a degree that justifies the joke in episode 8 about their gender or sexual orientation. It is true Dean is quite often looking at girls and both of them have an episode from time to time, but in fact less than we should expect from two healthy young men slightly over twenty.<br /><br />But the next season is prepared with the escape of the master demon and the salvation of ,the father. Let's wait for the next episode.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU (with some help of Ivan EVE). Malefic of course, diabolical of course and deeply antichristian: it is thus sensitive to holy water, salt and other standard protections, not to speak of the possibility to exorcize it out of the possessed people. We will note it is visually identified as some kind of dark smoke coming out of the possessed person through the mouth and the master demon is absorbing the soul of a sleeping child through his mouth and out of the child's mouth in a form of a luminous vapor. We remain in the medieval tradition as for that, including the devil's trap in episode 22, fundamentally a pentacle or pentagram in a circle in a triangle representing the devil contained in the circle of God's creation contained in God's trinity.  Note, the Yellow-eyed demon does not feed on the babies, but actually feed them (selected babies that are supposed to possess some special abilities - Sam being one of them) with demon blood to make them stronger.  Many other subjects should be examined but I would like to say a few words on the father and his sons. There is a strong tradition of authority and respect of authority in this family, and it is common for a son to say \\"yessir\\" to his father. Sam actually represents a certain amount of rebellion against that authority and this rebellious spirit should be scrutinize, though it is an essential dramatic element because it is always at a crucial moment this element occurs. It dictates some very deeply dramatic and potentially tragic emotions in the spectators when that rebellion comes just when the worst catastrophe is going to happen, and when the stake is to kill the father because he is possessed. What son will ever be able to do that?   The two brothers on the other side are deeply attached to each other. Their love is absolute and it means death if it is necessary to save the other and it means complete and permanent cooperation. It also has some moments of doubt and rebellion but these deepen the relation instead of breaking it. They live inabsolute spatial promiscuity but the film is very careful not to show it, and when it does it does so with great modesty. In fact this physical promiscuity is constantly present in the series because the two brothers are always looking into each other's eyes. It is ocular promiscuity to a degree that justifies the joke in episode 8 about their gender or sexual orientation. It is true Dean is quite often looking at girls and both of them have an episode from time to time, but in fact less than we should expect from two healthy young men slightly over twenty.  But the next season is prepared with the escape of the master demon and the salvation of ,the father. Let's wait for the next episode.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU (with some help of Ivan EVE)
B005XI94HY|5.0|So I listened to the sound samples on amazon...didn't feel too impressed. The reviews were raving so I figured,\\" What's the worst that could happen?\\"<br /><br />Wow.<br /><br />If nothing else, the song \\"Lover to Lover\\" alone would have been worth getting this album. That, without even finishing the album, was my favorite song from the first listen.<br /><br />Amazing album through-and through (I finally finished it...several times :P), do yourself the favor of buying this album, you won't regret it!
0060899220|5.0|Anthony Bourdain Executive Chef at Les Halles in New York City tells all in his book Kitchen Confidential.  From his childhood trips to France with his parents to his rough start in Provincetown, Cape Cod, MA to his many experiences with drugs, alcohol, foul language, seedy characters and extraordinary humor so prevalent in restaurant kitchens; somehow Anthony survives all of this to become one of our foremost chefs.<br /><br />This book should be required reading for anyone planning to enter the Culinary Arts to become a Chef.
0061689246|4.0|Finally a book that captures the true fairy tale spirit!<br /><br />  Dustin Thorn has conducted his life the way everyone has expected him to.  He's a decent farmer's boy and he works for what he gets.  He's an honest kind man and he's admired by many.  He's courting a lady and it looks like a marriage is on it's way.<br />  But Then.<br /><br />  People who live behind the wall have little to no knowledge of what goes on outside.  They know it involves magic, but behind the wall, people have become ignorant.  However, every 9 years the market takes place and people from both sides of the wall join and trade.  Dustin meets many people among the market.  He even allows a few of them to use his house until they leave.  Of all the people, there's a very particular young lady.  She's a slave girl, but that hardly matters to Dustin.  9 months later, Dustin get's a delivery.  The baby's name is Tristran.<br /><br />Tristran, being part fairy, is not like everybody else behind the wall.  He's always been different, but he's never known why.  Yet, he still conducts his life exactly the way his father did.  He works hard and hopes to also court and marry a young lady.  This young Lady's name is Victoria.  She is the most beautiful girl around and he's convinced he loves her.  She tells him that the only way she will marry him is if she gives him exactly as she desires.  Though joking, Tristran takes this very seriously.  When Victoria says she wants the star that they just saw fallen, he immediately sets off.  But the fairy world is not what he thought it would be.  He instantly finds himself on many adventures.<br /><br />  The Star is having troubles of her own.  Something has just hit her, a necklace, and caused her to fall from the sky.  She has a broken leg and no idea where she is.  Little does she know, she's in even more danger than she thought.  There are many people trying to capture her.  Firstly, there's a witch.  This witch is intent on finding her and eating her heart.  They say those that do live forever and are blessed with youth.  Then there's a number of princes.  They have their eye on the necklace she wears.  Without it, none of them can become king.  It's a blessing in disguise when Tristran is the first to reach her.<br /><br />  Together, they have many adventures.  They face danger daily and it's a wonder they survive.  But it seems that they work well together...<br /><br />The book was lyrical and exciting.  Though written for adults, it brings back youth.  It captures the magic we all seek and we feel justified finding it, knowing that it is an adult book.<br /><br />My only regret was that the book ended.  It's a book that I wish everyone could read.orever and are blessed with youth.  Then there's a number of princes.  They have their eye on the necklace she wears.  Without it, none of them can become king.  It's a blessing in disguise when Tristran is the first to reach her.    Together, they have many adventures.  They face danger daily and it's a wonder they survive.  But it seems that they work well together...  The book was lyrical and exciting.  Though written for adults, it brings back youth.  It captures the magic we all seek and we feel justified finding it, knowing that it is an adult book.    My only regret was that the book ended.  It's a book that I wish everyone could read.
B0055SWM08|5.0|great gameplay, music, graphics. best 99 cents I've spent. Easily my new favorite game... if my 8 year-old would give me a turn.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|This is by far one of the finest blades I own especially the price. I have used it twice on a backpacking trip for batoning and making a shelter. This thing makes a good companion out in the bush.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|This app is good but the bible is full of lies. Stay away from blind faith. Open your mind sheep.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|You know, years ago, I saw so many people reading this book in the airport. I ignored the book, mostly because of the boring cover and wow, was that my own fault. I bought this book and read it within one day. It is amazing as it has love, loss, suspense, drams - everything a book needs. I just finished the trilogy and didn't want it to end. Suzanne Collins, can you somehow make a 4th book please???!?
B004RFYEEC|4.0|This is a very excellent collection of music. However, if you are a collector trying to get ALL of the track variations, it seems that you will have to buy ALL the configurations of this product.  Firstly- concerning the LPs:If you buy the big boxed set, the LP inner sleeves do not contain the lyrics on them. However, if you buy the seperate LPs (and not the box set), the lyrics are included on one of the inner sleeves.It also seems that some of the records and discs (for the USA pressings) are being pressed in different countries. My 2 cd set of Smile (manufactured in the USA) has a sticker on it that says the discs were pressed in Mexico.(The discs play fine.) However,I'm wondering if some of the LPs may have been pressed in other countries as well. That would account for some people saying their LPs sound fine while others are not satisfied with the quality of sound on their copies.  There are 3 songs on the 2 cd edition that do not appear on the cds in the big box set. These 3 songs do appear but with a different time length on the vinyl singles. There is one song on the vinyl singles that does not appear on the 2 cd edition.  The last side of the vinyl LPs supposedly has stereo mixes which are not available on ANY of the cds.  The packaging on all the editions is first rate, especially on the big the box set (which comes with a nice hard back book).  The music of course is nothing short of amazing! The one thing I dislike is all the chatter on the extra discs of the big box set. I understand that many people like this as it gives them a better idea of how Smile was actually constructed. However, I do not like it when I'm engrossed in the song, only to have the music stop right in the middle while Brian stops to talk with other members of the band.   To sum things up....Smile is an excellent collection of music.  It required a tremendous undertaking on the part of Brian Wilson and other collaberators to assemble all the bits and pieces to make this fantastic \\"work of art\\". In order to have every single \\"bit and piece\\" of this collection, you will need to buy the 2 cd set, the big box set, and the LPs seperately as well if you want the lyrics printed on the inner sleeve of the records.  Side note- I read that a SINGLE CD album version is also supposed to be released. I wouldn't be surprised if there was something alittle different about THAT edition as well. Then hard core collectors will have ANOTHER version to buy in order to have everything.
B005HSL626|4.0|One of the best apps out there! Great way to pass time and its got great graphics! I don't know why everyone is complaining about the ads, they are not that annoying.
B004IFYN2E|5.0|I fell in love with Venice and with Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie while watching this film. Wonderful escapism as the viewer is allowed to enter vicariously, the exclusive life-style of the ultra-wealthy (chic Jolie)and unexpected adventure of Everyman (unassuming Depp). For me the movie was a graceful integration of elements in To Catch A Thief and North By Northwest. The beautiful Venetian waterscape and architecture captured in the cinematography draws me into 'vacation mode', as if I'm a tourist there. Jolie plays a strong, in-control, and commanding personality that is at the same time softened by vulnerability, empathy, graciousness and poise. Now I want to emulate that character as well. Depp is amazing with the overlapping qualities of vulnerability and sensitivity of his own, as he navigates unforeseen circumstances with courage mingled within fear, as a tourist in a foreign country. I also loved the performances of Timothy Dalton -- patient, wise and likable, and Paul Bettany -- relentless, dogged, and frustrated to the end (compared to his brilliant acting as the 'Albino' in The Da Vinci Code). This movie should be stacked next to Cary Grant and Grace Kelly on your shelves, as it does mine. Masterful acting, smooth yet gripping script, and a classic feel which lacks the gruesome violence and lust so prevalent today.
B004LWZW4W|2.0|I decided to watch this movie because I saw the Mark Wahlberg \\"Planet of the Apes\\" and liked the concept. The only reason I didn't give this movie 1 star was because the special effects were so damn good.<br /><br />James Franco is a horrible actor, it's like he's made of wood. He displays no emotion, he's completely unbelievable as a scientist.<br /><br />There's nothing new here story wise. Main character makes mistake, gets the girl, tries to save the world. It's been done before.<br /><br />It might be worth it to see the special effects and computer imaging but other than that it was disappointing.
B004G6009U|5.0|So glad I purchased the combo -- the player wouldn't allow the blu-ray disc, but played the other DVD which saved the hopes and excitement of my two young nieces (this was a gift for them). The family was able to get their older blu-ray player to accept the blu-ray disc later, and no problems since. I think everyone already knows this is a stellar movie, and blu-ray makes the awesome animation 'pop'. Tangled is definitely my all-time favorite Disney movie (with Emperor's New Groove next to it). If you don't have this masterpiece in your collection yet, then in the words of Rapunzel, \\"You've GOT to try this!\\"
B000ASATZ8|5.0|The copy I purchased was new, but did not play the first disc correctly.  Really bummed out to not get to finish the first one because the move is campy and awesome!  Amazon processed a refund without a hitch.
0671449028|5.0|My husband and I are teachers and understand the importance of reading to our little one.  We read this adorable book to our 9-month old and she LOVES it; she has since she was younger!  Every time we read this it brings a smile to our faces!  The silly but sweet lyrics are what make this book...\\"and when the moon is on the rise, they all go up to exercise!\\"  By far one of our favorite Boynton books.
B00008BXJ6|5.0|Ac dc! a classic metal band that made great metal that todays metal simply lacks in fun and style mostly.  This one and tnt are basically the same release in some ways but they are the band in it's early days.  Each one would get better too! This was the classic Bon Scott era and he tears it up completely here.  THE songs are well known to acdc fans and should be to metal fans who by now should release that melodic metal is still the best and thrash is boring.  SO rock out with this early classic from one of metals best groups ever.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evermore continually strive sto improve their product. I don't regret choosing this over other cloud note keepers. I use it to sync stuff across my phone, Kindle, iPad, laptop, and desktop.
B00007FOMP|5.0|THis was a adult listening top of soul cd. It's about a theme of brotherhood and was not supposed to be a funky release of dancable songs. Instead this is full of ballads and lush arrangements and on that level it is a masterpiece, it's a artist doing something on a different level. It's easy listening but beautiful but it's NOT a dance cd at all. Think a mixture of pop and soul with easy flowing songs and you have this gem.  Plus it has the big  hit 'what's going on' on here as well. Funk fans may not dig this one but you need to broaden your horizons then.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|I've been using daily for weeks for waking to my own tunes my way. love this app on EVO 3d
B00008BXJG|5.0|This release was giganitc in 1979, it was a huge hit and it has all great melodic metal songs on it.<br />I had to get one than one album of this one because I wore out the grooves on it.  Metal fans of the day were delighted and even non metal fans lapped this one up. Song's like the classic 'highway to hell' , 'if you want blood'  , 'night prowler' (the evil killer Richard Ramiriz thought this one was taling to him, which only proves nuts are everywhere) fans of later styles of metal are lame to criticize 70's metal because it is what it is and it's melodic enough to be enjoyable to nonmetal fans often. You can't say that about alot of thrash which has very small listenership these days.  SO drive on down the highway to a monster classic cd that made this band a WORLDWIDE SENSATION!  It really did!  After this came out the bands name was at the top for the next 30 years!
B002UM5BXW|4.0|When I was in 6th grade, I wanted to be either a chef or an archeologist when I grew up.  As an adult, I am neither of those things, though a great fan of cooking and history books and shows.  Anthony Bourdain's book made me grateful that I did not become a chef.  I'm not up for the long days and hours of a chef in the inhospitable work environment he describes.  This book gave me more awareness of the effort it takes to get food on the plate at a restaurant - everything from ordering provisions, rotating stock, planning menus, and ultimately cooking the meals.  I have a much greater respect for cooks and chefs, especially those that make it seem so effortless.<br /><br />Positives:<br />- behind the scenes look at a restaurant kitchen<br />- tips about when to go to restaurants (Tuesday - Thursday); what to order (no fish on Monday)<br /><br />Negatives:<br />- roughly arranged collection of essays that at times is disjointed, e.g. a chapter on kitchen terminology is in the middle of the book rather than towards the beginning<br />- stories, especially when focused on specific chefs and restaurants, are too insider for a casual diner to fully appreciate
B004VMUS9G|4.0|This has the one feature that all alarms should have.  You can set the alarm to gradually increase in volume.  This is a great feature that allows you to be gently woken up, rather than startled out of your sleep by a blaring alarm.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|This book is a truly motivational story that will alter your perspective on life. Learning of a man's struggles from a dog's view shines light on situations to be viewed in a way never thought of before.   I clipped at least 20 phrases on my Kindle.   I laughed. I cried. I simply could not put this book down.
B004KPLZKA|4.0|I'll be honest, I was only mildly aware of Cher Lloyd before her fist single Swagger Jagger came out thanks to Perez Hilton's continual gushing and real time X Factor UK updates. Around the same time, I was discovering Cher's mentor, Cheryl Cole and Cheryl's former outfit, Girls Aloud. I've spent much of the time since then importing every Girls Aloud group and solo CD and obsessing over every slab of their timeless pop perfection. The big expectation, would Cheryl's fruit fall far from the tree?<br /><br />My high hopes for Cher Lloyd were satiated the moment this disc arrived in the mail (much cheaper if you order from Amazon's sister site in the UK). Cher has got a much better singing voice than Cheryl Cole and a much better taste in material - plus, the girl is one of the fiercest spit-fire rappers in the game. She matches Lady Sovereign's lyrical dexterity, and like Missy Elliott, when she wants to sing, girl can saaaaang. Her singing voice has a crisp vibrato, absolutely lovely. Sonically, this disc has all the crackle and sparkle of Britney's stellar comeback, Femme Fatale, and Nicola Roberts impressive Cinderella Eyes.<br /><br />Here's a run down:<br /><br />GROW UP - A monster youth empowerment anthem, her rapping skills in full force, and Busta Rhymes is in top form to match her energy and enthusiasm.<br /><br />WANT U BACK - This track would fit nicely on Femme Fatale, likely future single and dance floor packer.<br /><br />WITH UR LOVE - The second single - such a good mix of raps and singing - lovely - great choice to follow up the first single....<br /><br />SWAGGER JAGGER - Oh My Darling, Clementine mashed with a festival sized rave hook: one of the best singles of the year and such a confident declaration to all of Cher's lovers and haters.<br /><br />BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE - Totally pleasant ballad, nothing new, it gives you a chance to catch your breath.<br /><br />PLAYA BOI - Neneh Cherry's classic Buffalo Stance gets a needless (but amusing) lyrical update and a solo Gwen Stefani makeover. Never heard the original? You'll love this even more.<br /><br />SUPERHERO - Another awesome high energy track, keeps the momentum flowing seamlessly.<br /><br />OVER THE MOON - Gotta love Cher for singing about X Factor instead of denying she was ever on it like many American Idol contestants do - this track rocks.<br /><br />DUB ON THE TRACK - A very hot, freaky, guest laden banger. Robyn would have slayed this track on her Body Talk EPs. Cher is likely going to own the clubs with this one.<br /><br />END UP HERE - the weakest song in the bunch is still better than most pop you'll hear anywhere else this year. Like most roller coasters, it ends the thrill ride of the CD on an anti-climatic note.<br /><br />STAY (UK Bonus Track) - Worth tracking down since it is on no official CD or download release. From what I gather, this was her most memorable performance on the show, and the studio version is absolutely breathtaking. This should have closed the album - perhaps they will tack it on for the USA release.<br /><br />OATH (Feat. Becky G) - A solid new, uptempo dance track inexplicably REPLACES \\"Dub on the Track\\" in the US Version. Considering a CD can handle 80 minutes of music, why the US label decided to replace one of the UK album's best tracks instead of expanding the original line-up is beyond me. And if one track needed to get cut, they should have gone with the weaker \\"End Up Here.\\"<br /><br />Now here's where things get strange....<br /><br />In the UK, \\"Want U Back\\" was re-released with new guest spot by a teen rapper named ASTRO. This makes sense -- because in his rap, we hear from the boy who Cher wants back. In the US, SNOOP DOGG (pre Snoop Lion conversion) does the guest honors. While Snoop is the better rapper, his rhymes are phoned-in. In a surprising turn of events, his \\"character\\" wants Cher back, and flies to the UK to get her. While this is very creepy considering their age difference, the real blame here goes to the US label who likely said to him, \\"here's all you need to know, Cher Lloyd is British, the song is called Want U Back and all we need 30 seconds of any rhyme scheme to tack on so US radio will consider playing it -- and go!\\" Even after the rap ends, Snoop keeps talking over the song, throwing in some useless \\"yeah yeah yeahs\\" and a \\"Snoop Dogg\\" name drop lest anyone forget who he is -- or in this case, was.oes to the US label who likely said to him, \\"here's all you need to know, Cher Lloyd is British, the song is called Want U Back and all we need 30 seconds of any rhyme scheme to tack on so US radio will consider playing it -- and go!\\" Even after the rap ends, Snoop keeps talking over the song, throwing in some useless \\"yeah yeah yeahs\\" and a \\"Snoop Dogg\\" name drop lest anyone forget who he is -- or in this case, was.
B005ZTFPFQ|4.0|I read the description and understood before download that app only came with one free game and additional games would cost extra. I have no problem with this since I read this portion.  My problem is with game control. I have no force closes or anything like that. The roller ball does not translate well for touchscreen. This should be addressed, but works the way it was designed.
0739341774|4.0|In 79 AD, a new Aquarius is appointed, Marcus Attilius Primus, after the prior Aquarius disappeared.<br /><br />Unexplained water loss occurs in the cities near Pompeii and the Aquarius is sent to find the cause and to correct the problem.<br /><br />Water was a vital commodity of the day and Attilius, an engineer, feels that his position is important and that his work should be done in a scrupolous manner.<br /><br />As the story begins, one of the wealthy residents, Ampiliatus, a former slave, is putting one of his slaves to death. This young man was responsible for caring for Ampiliatus's prized fish which were meant to be delicays for honored guests. When the entire stock of fish die, the slave is blamed.<br /><br />In an attempt to save this innocent man, Ampiliatus's daughter goes to Attilius who demonstrates to Ampiliatus that the fish died because of sulphur in the water.<br /><br />With the excellent narration of Michael Compsty, the story follows as if we are experiencing events on the History Channel.<br /><br />Attilius begins to investigate a possilbe fault in the aquaduct while certain officials attempt to stop him because they fear that he will discover that they had used the water in an illegal manner.<br /><br />There is excellent drama as the action begins two days before the volcano erupts. We follow Attilius as he investigates the problem and attempts to provide a solution while his life becomes more in danger every moment.<br /><br />This is a highly entertaining story that shows the author's research into the times and the life in the city of Pompeii. We become interested in the history as the characters come to life and a momentus disaster becomes closer and closer to occurring.
0307888681|4.0|Author Max Brooks almost pulls off a pretty neat trick in \\"World War Z.\\" Borrowing liberally from George Romero and Studs Terkel, he casts himslef as the intrepid journalist traveling the globe in an effort to get first person histories from survivors of the great Zombie War that almost wipes out the human race. He sits down with the Chinese Doctor who was there when \\"patient zero\\" was discovered to the CIA agent that came to the realization too late that what the US thought was just crackdowns on Chinese dissidents was really cover-ups of the spreading plague. There's more than a little political allegory involved, with everyone from the president of the USA's Middle Eastern Policy to the state of relations in Iran, India and Pakistan.<br /><br />Since most of the \\"interviews\\" are brief, the book keeps a good pace. Brooks wisely separates the book into segments; the beginning, the battles, the aftermath. The only, minor, flaw is that some of the interviews bleed together, as if Brooks forgot that all the characters might have different voices. This doesn't happen very often, but it is noticeable as the book goes on. However, \\"World War Z\\" is an inventive, novel take on the whole Zombie Horror genre as well as a darn good read.
B000QRIGLC|2.0|This guy lost me when he said he was going out to God's work! LOL....  He pissed me off when he defended Rumsfield and Bush on the MWD issue and Iraq!  There is no dancing around the fact that Bush lied to all of us to start that BS war in Iraq when we should have been focused on Afghanistan the entire time!  The longest war in America's history!  And it is nothing but a HUGE fruad, waste and abuse pile of corporate greed!!!  I've spent the last 26 months in Kandahar Province.  I respect the SEALS and all our fighting forces however, this book clearly is used to push an obvious ajenda!  I say don't spend your money!!!
B005LY4B0A|5.0|I love this game. I'm playing through it a third time. This is such an addicting game! I highly recommend Greedy Spiders.
B002BWP49C|2.0|This movie. What to say about it. After seeing it last night, it's not bad, it's not good. It's just boring. From what I read from one critic, he said he was laughing at parts that weren't supposed to be humorous but other than Bella's dad who got some funny lines and her back being broken, I found nothing funny. The two action scenes near the end would've been nice but they take place at night and the way the action is handled makes it very hard to make out. There are quite a few things that aren't explained such as how can the werewolves all of a sudden \\"talk\\" in their beast mode if before they never displayed such an ability? How can Edward, who is essentially the living dead, produce sperm in order to get Bella pregnant? And I don't know if this is a plot hole or if this was explained and I missed it but why does Carlisle keep human blood at the house when his group of vampires drink animal blood? Up until now the werewolf/vampire treaty has never been broken so I wouldn't think he'd keep it there for an emergency but like I said I don't know if that't something I missed myself or if that's a plot hole.<br /><br />If you saw the trailer than you pretty much got what happens in the whole film which itself is padded out with repetitive exposition (such as everybody stating how dangerous the baby will be) and several unnecessary flashbacks and dream sequences. In fact, other than ripping off another, more highly successful film/book franchise in splitting their last film in two & more money, I don't see how there's enough material to even support part II that they couldn't have fit in here. Even for Harry Potter, the last movie split in two is a money ploy and I'm pretty sure, fans of Potter and Twilight alike, would've sat through their respective final films as a whole. Not even Return of the King was split in two and it's probably longer than both parts of Deathly Hallows & Breaking Dawn put together.<br /><br />Nothing interesting happens, Bella essentially gets what she wants without learning anything. She hasn't evolved over the course of the previous films, she's remained the same and, other than a few cuts and bites, she hasn't suffered to get where she is now. I'll probably get a lot of flack for this but in Lord of the Rings, Frodo suffers by carrying the fate of the free people of Middle Earth. Harry Potter suffers practically from when he turned one when his parents died and in the subsequent films/books, his godfather, friends and headmaster die for him. What happens to Bella? She falls in love with a vampire while playing on the emotions of the perpetually shirtless werewolf boy. She was almost killed by evil vampires in the first one, got emo and suicidal in the second one after Edward left her and some people died and were turned into an army to kill her in the third but she didn't give a crap about any of those people who disappeared/died even after learning they were turned into vampires in a plot to kill her. In this she gets married, has awkward sex, learns she's pregnant with a horrible CGI baby and gets turned into a vampire through sheer convenience of the plot. The acting from all three leads is pretty bland, even Lautner who I previously said was the only good actor for movies 2 & 3, is rather bad. The background vampires of the first three films get actual stuff to do while the background werewolves are split in two factions. One is out to destroy the abomination that is Bella's child while Jacob (even though he tells them to go away) leads two others for some vague reason but they're hardly featured so I didn't care if they lived or died.<br /><br />So Twilight fans are probably going to love it, regardless of the problems that have existed since film one. If you're not a fan, don't see it. This isn't the worst film that I've seen this year (here's looking at you Green Hornet) but as the first of a two-part finale it doesn't feel like it. Other than this vaguely hinted vampire war, this film doesn'tbuild up to that until an after thought, after credits scene with the Legion of Vampires. The author could've actually done five books.er thought, after credits scene with the Legion of Vampires. The author could've actually done five books.
B003Y5H574|5.0|I bought this movie without seeing it first because the trailers looked very cute and funny and also i heard good reviews from my friends on it so i took a chance and bought it. I am so very happy i did that because this movie is just great. it is funny and cute and also a little emotional at parts. The acting is real great and the parts were casted perfectly. It is one of my all time favorite movies and i don't know anyone who hasn't liked it so if you want my advice i'd say go buy it and don't waste the money to rent it first!
6305428557|4.0|The year is 1917, and two English mapmakers come to a tiny Welsh village to survey its so-called 'mountain.' With the war taking all the young men and the harsh life in the coal mines, the locals have little to be proud of except their peak, but cartographer Anson (Hugh Grant) doubts that it reaches the minimum height required to be officially deemed a mountain and may, in fact, be merely a hill. Rallied by their minister, the entire town sets about making sure it's tall enough.<br /><br />This sweet and folksy comedy has a thin plot and moves at a snail's pace, but still succeeds thanks to the coziness of the village, the close bond the locals share, and Hugh Grant's boyish charms. Filmed just after \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral,\\" but before he was an international star, Grant is bright, likable, and interesting and not-yet affected by his trademark stammering and eyelash-fluttering. Everything about the picturesque village seems authentic and the folksy humor is ingratiating. Enjoyable if you like character-driven films.
B005ZTFPFQ|5.0|If you one star idiots had really looked into this you would have found out that you get four games for 99 cents.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I absolutely can not get enough of these books!  I LOVED the first book, and the second one was excellent as well.  As I mentioned in the first book, the content is heavy and certainly not what I would consider young adult!  I wouldn't let my 10 year old read this though many of my child's classmates are.  I would say if your child wants to read this, you need to read it first because it is a lot for a child to take in.  A lot of violence, disturbing, but such a great read!  Would highly recommend!
0345529057|5.0|The only problem with getting all (first) four books at once is disciplining yourself to put the damn things down and go to bed!  The characters are fantastic, the story line(s) have you either loving or hating characters and then swapping your attitude as the story unfolds.  I can't wait for book five (and six) to come out in paperback to almost round out the series.
0439023513|3.0|Okay, so I raved about the first two books in the Hunger Game series, but I have to say, this was my least favorite.  Of course, if you've read the first two, you have to finish the series and read this one, but, it is by far, my least favorite.  A little wild, a little out there in the story line, but, not terrible.  Worth reading, just not quite up to par with the first two.
0738702994|5.0|I bought this because I was brought up in Wales and have retained a close affinity to the language, landscape, myths and stories of the land. I was a little nervous that the Llewellyn tarot would not be truly of the Welsh culture - but it is, as well as being very accessible (I believe) to non Welsh. I think it is quite magical, without being too pretty. It does tap into the Welsh land, and I loved the imagery. I have several tarot decks - but only certain ones appeal to me, and this is certainly one of them. The images are very delicate but powerful and I find reading them very easy - the book is good if you do not know the images/Gods/Goddesses used. I still prefer the Wildwood tarot [[ASIN:1402781067 The Wildwood Tarot: Wherein Wisdom Resides]]but this is beautiful and I will use it for readings. The cards are quite thin - not sure what I think about that in terms of long life, the book gives a description of the legend/story of each card, which reads nicely as an introduction to the Welsh background. There is even a little organza (?) bag included, which was a nice touch.
B0055PMJMW|2.0|I love Harry but only one os the 3 \\"stories\\" had what I feel is necessary: a beginning, middle and end.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|works like it should, great and clean UI. no bugs. I use Evernote to remember all kinds of random things.
B00457WZEI|5.0|From the farms of England as a working horse, to the battlefields of Germany during WWI, Joey, a Thoroughbred horse, talks in his own voice about his life as a war horse.<br /><br />Horses were invaluable during the war effort. Without horses there was no way to carry guns, ammunition or water for the troops. They were used for cavalry and ambulances to carry the wounded. A war horse surviving this life was rare. But not every War Horse was lucky enough to have an owner like Albert.<br /><br />Albert is a young teenager who treats Joey like a family member.  Due to circumstances beyond his control, Joey's father must sell him as a war horse to the English cavalry. This is beyond devastating to young Albert and he is determined to eventually find Joey someday. He can't wait to enlist legally, so when he becomes 16, he lies about his age to find Joey.<br /><br />Morpurgo writes this story with young adult readers as his audience. It is wartime for a war horse and he provides his readers with appropriate war scenes. Young adults will understand what every adult knows; war is hell. The historical fiction narrated by Joey himself is perfect for children.<br /><br />Another side of this wonderful story for readers is the knowledge we learn about horses in general. The public may or may not know what Morpurgo brilliantly teaches us. There are many life lessons learned when the reader finishes the book; lessons relating to both people and animals.<br /><br />I recommend War Horse for all ages.<br /><br />Book Review by Mary Crocco
B005HSG3VK|5.0|Fits perfectly.  Looks great.  Protects well.  Very useful stand.  It does everything we bought it for and for $29, it's a value.
0756686970|5.0|Once again, another quality book for hours of entertainment for any Star Wars fiend!  Star Wars drives me nuts but I have to say that my kids get more enjoyment out of these books than many toys!
0446581348|2.0|If you have perfect skin, this guide might be useful... however - for the average woman looking for a guide to apply makeup on less than model skin, this guide doesn't provide much assistance.  Considering the HD world we live in, and the ability for photo's to show up close & clear - I didn't think these photo's were particularly close or clear.  The models with 'fresh washed' faces don't appear to need any make-up... so I wondered if they were airbrushed or just had perfect skin.. or if the photo's just were not close up enough for me to see how the makeup really looked when applied to the skin.  Not a single visible pore in this manual.. is that REAL?  disappointing.  Maybe Bobbi would consider a book for real women with real skin.  Use women who are not models to show your techniques and for G's sake - ZOOM IN ...
B005OGYH90|2.0|I am very disappointed that there are only 5 songs on the DVD.  It did not state that on Amazon when I ordered this way back when.  It does say it now.  I was mislead.
B004T4LUPW|1.0|Retracting a poor review.   I was dissatisfied with the app because it would not install properly. But apparently the glich was not with the app, but with the payment process.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Very fun and challenging. The levels start easy and get harder. My 5 yo daughter also likes it. Buy it and play it!
B005KCGIUY|5.0|Quick shipping.  CD was shipped in protective package.  Thank you Puscifer store!    This is by far the best Puscifer CD.  \\"Horizons\\" is so personal with me as I feel the same about my father who was taken early by cancer.  His cremation was my first type of ceremony and any song about that experience will always relate on a personal level.    Well developed album with balance and structure.    Thanks for the CD.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|This app gives you lots of info on current and future conditions. I have tried similar apps and I come back to this one. It works well on phones and tablets. I recommend it.
