B00004XQ83|5.0|I've never purchased an album of Country music or old Bluegrass in my life but the songs from the movie kept playing over and over in my mind I just had to get the album (I still call them albums which they technically still are since album means a collection of songs)or CD. In the jailhouse now is my personal favorite.
B00004T9UF|3.0|Ok, this cd is so weak compared to Slim Shady. Its got some strong points like Marshall Mathers, Drug Ballad,Under the Influence and B____ Please 2. But the rest are weak. Like oh my god, why the hell would you make Stan a single? That isn't rap, its crap! Along with the real slim shady, I'm Back, The Way I am, Kim, and every other one on the album, [...] Slim SHady came out before he was a TRL icon, before he went Hollywood, so that was good stuff. And if you can find it, pick up his 96 debut \\"Infinite\\". That is rap in its purest form. With positive and upbuilding lyrics, before he had any Slim Shady in him. He gets 3 stars because of the 4 good songs. I hope on his next solo he won't make the same mistakes.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I saw that someone complained that this album was outtakes. Well, thats just not true. These the original takes remastered and they sound great.
B000059MEK|3.0|Ok, maybe I wa just expecting something different. But I always try new stuff so I picked this one up. I thought it was friggin weird. Like some cosmic sounds and hardly any bass or electronic sounds at all. I am into the jungle bass and techno sounds of groups like The Prodigy, Praga Khan, Chemical Brothers, Channel X and Propellerheads. This is also dance music, but nothing like I expected. One more time was pretty good, but the rest kinda put me to sleep. Maybe I need to listen to it again, cuz everyone else seemed to think it was great.
078401213X|5.0|this movie is absolutely brilliant and in my opinion better than requiem for a dream. the hallucination/nightmare scenes in pi are subtle and catch you unawares, as opposed to the outrageous portrayals in requiem. you actually feel like youre inside of max's head, and the effect is that when a new scene opens, youre not sure if its going to be real or just another head trip.    the beauty of pi is in the lack of an overly complicated plot or main character. true, that may have been due, in part, to the very limited budget, but it works to maximum effect in producing a gem that should not be overlooked. if youre into \\"different\\" movies with quirky characters (and not just for the sake of being different or quirky) then i strongly recommend pi.
0066620996|5.0|Jim Collins makes a beeline straight for the heartbeat of GREATness in any organization.  After conducting a 5 year detailed study of leading organizations, he masterfully writes the results of each.  He unveils the top 11 companies and their unanimously shared traits.  I stayed up every night for one week...couldn't put it down.  This book will adorn the top shelf of your library!
B00005OWIU|5.0|I am a sixteen year-old who usually listens to the likes of Alicia Keys and Michelle Branch, though I like almost all types of music. I absolutely was enchanted by this soundtrack. I am a huge Harry Potter fan, but one doesn't have to be to thoroughly enjoy this CD. John Williams did a fantastic job portraying the exciting and mystical life of Harry Potter. The music is something you can listen to over and over and never get tired of it. I love this CD so much, and I'm sure everyone who listens to it will be truely grateful they did.
0316921173|5.0|i know its long, just read it. its worth it. by the end you will have developed such strong relationships to the charecters that you will be sad that it is finally over. you will read it again.
B00005O3VC|5.0|I was too young to be around to see Monty Python's Flying Circus on tv, and this was the first piece of Pythonism  I have seen. Afterwards watching this movie I have become one of the biggest Python fans I know, I have numerous of the sets of MPFC as well as The Meaning of Life, The Holy Grail, And now for something completly diffrent and the life of Brian.
B00003CXXP|5.0|When I first saw this movie in the theatre, I wasn't sure how to feel about it.. but it sure made me think a lot.  I finally bought the DVD and watched it again.. and I have grown to love it more with each viewing.  I am a big fan of Kulbrick and I wish he lived to finish the movie himself, but his influence is certainly felt especially in the first half of the movie which I found slow-going the first time (kind of like 2001!), but it is the set-up for the rest of the movie and introduces us to the human side of the equation.  The second part is more special-effects as it focuses on the technological side of the equation.  This is not a kids movie since it is quit disturbing.   This is not a movie for the superficial movie-goer who is unwilling or unable to appreciate great art and deep thought in a movie.  This movie has affected me emotionally like few other recent movies...and has drawn me back for several repeat viewings.  Visually it is a masterpiece, John William's score is breathtaking, but it is not a perfect movie...it does seem like two different movies forced into one movie, but I can appreciate the difficulty of making a movie like this. The only part of the movie I did not really enjoy was the Flesh Fair--it was a little too violent and over the top gross for me.  While most people criticize the second part and the ending.. I find them very moving.  The first half has little special effects and focuses on the human family.  The second half is mostly special effects--and very good effects they are, but builds toward a very emotional and sad ending.  The ending chokes me up everytime and I can hardly keep from crying even after several viewings.. but I\\"m an emotional person. If you have ever felt lonely--you should be moved by the loneliness of the boy robot.  Guess some people just don't get it..  please<BR>Give A.I. and try and watch it with an open mind--and heart.<BR>I think in time it will be considered a near-masterpiece.  I like it even more than E.T., unfortuanately, A.I. may in fact be a truer vision of our future...this film is actually a more realistic attempt to contemplate the future of the human race but it is not going to be a happy ending.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a very interesting and inspiring book. It's about a boy named Jonas living in a community that is perfect. This community has no feelings, nor colours. Jonas has been chosen to be the Receiver of Memory on his 12th birthday and discovers the real world of pain, the feelings and learns all the colours. Lois Lowry's creative mind touched me, with her amazing story. This book leaves you with a surprising ending. I strongly recommend this to all the readers out there who love to read and children from ages 10 and up.
B000003TAW|5.0|Weezer's self-titled album (Otherwise known as the &quot;Blue Album&quot;) is amazing for a debut album. Most bands would sell their souls to make an album like this in their lifetime, let alone their first album. It is catchy and clean sounding but at the same time has an indie sound to the music and the vocals have an emo(but not in a tedious way) element to them making it sound like it could be on the radio or be your brother's band. This was one of the first rock albums I ever bought and out of my first records, this was probably the only one I still listen to and love. &quot;Undone (Sweater Song)&quot; Is probably the greatest song to sing-along too. I doubt Weezer will ever top this one.
0800141628|5.0|I really liked this movie! I don't think kids cursed like that in the 50's-but then, I dunno! My favorite character of course, was the Chris Chambers kid...he looked REALLY good. My mom told me he died. Oh my God. Well, at least he still has a living brother, that dude from the Gladiator. The best part had to be when they were crossing the bridge and then the train came and they had to run as fast as hell so they wouldn't be squashed to death. Another one of the best parts is when Vern drops his hot dog-I think-into the fire.... then they all crack up. I think maybe I'll buy the movie!
B00000AFHM|5.0|I'll keep this review simple and short because as I have titled this review, it is really hard to give this album justice in words. Although &quot;If You're Feeling Sinister&quot; is my favorite Belle &amp; Sebastian record, I probably listen to this record the most out of all their stuff. If you are new to Belle &amp; Sebastian, I recommend this as a good starting point as it is their most accessible and easy to love album. &quot;The Boy With The Arab Strap&quot; is just amazing, you can listen to in any situation or mood you are in. Weather you are cuddling with a loved one in bed or smoking a cig depressed about being lonely, this album seems to just fit perfectly. You can play it infront of your parents or your mates and they'll both love it equally. When I got a CD burner, this was the album that everyone wanted me to burn for them. I guarantee that once this record enters your player, you won't pull it out for a long time. I most've listen to this album a million times and with each listen, I love it more. So do yourself a favor and buy this album now and then buy everything else B&amp;S have released.
B00000099Y|1.0|To call 'Aenima' or any of Tool's work hard rock or metal (as many have) is an insult to talented and real hard rock or metal bands.  'Aenima' is too experimental and dissonant to even be placed in this genre.  Just because a band muffles and adds effects and blurbs and grunts to their lead vocals and does stupid things that most bands don't, and throws in a few unexpected riffs and time changes in the process does not good music make.  This is not 'pioneering' or 'groundbreaking' in the least folks!  It is directionless, uncohesive art.  For those of you who actually paid money for 'Aenima'...
B000063CPL|5.0|Forget everything you've heard about any iron live album. This one is the best. Clear sound, great music and biggest band in the world at its top. I was there at Rock in Rio in that night and I'll tell , just wait fot the dvd to see what happen there.<br />UP THE IRONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0385503954|1.0|The first chapter of Ian McEwan's &quot;Atonement&quot; is wonderful; I would give IT 5 stars. It's lyrical and witty and a perfect character sketch of 13 year old Broiny as she plans a play in her brother's honor in 1935.  This chapter could stand alone as a short story and you would feel wonderfully satisfied and impressed.<br />But if you move on to the following chapters in &quot;Atonement&quot; confusion, disappointment and frustration set it.  I was so prepared to love this book based on the media hype and the wonderful first chapter...but by the time I got to page 70 and still nothing had happened and the run-on paragraphs were PAGES long full of of internal monologs and descriptions...I finally, reluctantly, sadly, had to close the book.  This is not the masterpiece that was promised.
B00005JKED|5.0|Terrific movie. I can't say enough good things about it. Denzel Washington gives a superb performance as Alonzo Harris, an LAPD officer from the Narcotics unit who really has an attitude towards everyone who cross in his path. Ethan Hawke is Jake, the rookie police officer who accompanies Alonzo during this \\"training day\\". But Alonzo is not really interested in training this rookie, he's more worried about acheiving something Jake is not aware of. And Jake also doesn't know this Alonzo attitude may put his life in danger.<br />Antoine Fuqua, the director of Bait, returns with a marvelous piece of a movie, in which he shows again that he really has the touch for this filmmaking stuff. We all know Denzel won the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and even though I didn't even expect a nomination for him when I first saw the film, the truth is he really deserved this award.<br />During the movie, we get to see the transformation of an everyday man, in this case, a police officer, to a desperate man ready to do anything to save his own (rear). In a style that somewhat resembles the 1993 film Falling Down, we accompany this guy on the downward spiral to a definitive conclusion and he doesn't care about bringing his parnter down with him. As the day is dying and the sun approaches the horizon, time is running out for Alonzo Harris and soon, Jake realizes he's the only one who can stop the selfish actions of his superior.<br />But enough about all this, what are you waiting for? Get this one, a really good cop-movie. Great suspense, great acting and a very decent DVD edition. I think Warner is trying to make it up to all of us for those awful DVDs on those early 1997 days.
0345448898|2.0|Christianity, Phillip Pullman tells us, is mindless, self-righteous and mean-spirited. Those who read to the end of Pullman's \\"Dark Materials\\" trilogy will learn that new-agey liberal moralizing is just as bad. The first book gets the reader's hopes up with a plucky heroine and a quirky alternative universe. Pullman teases us with literary references and the promise of some big philosophical ideas.<br />By the second book, however, the ideas have become predictable. Meanwhile, Pullman abandons his initial setting in favor of half a dozen relatively bland alternate realities. As the book goes on, one must suspend more and more of one's disbelief. Pullman establishes his credentials as a hip free-thinker by sniping at religion and coming out in favor of sex. The third book ends, however, with whole chapters in which protagonists Learn Lessons. A chorus of angels, scientists and other authority figures assist them by giving Good Advice.<br />To make a long story short, this reviewer maintains that most of this advice is not only tiresome, but repressive and poorly-thought out. Readers, of course, may judge for themselves.  In this reviewer's opinion, those who want a compelling, intelligent children's fantasy are better off with Lloyd Alexander, Susan Cooper, or, for that matter, J.K. Rowling. Those who like hard core theological weirdness should leave children's books behind and read Neil Gaiman, an author with fewer moral lessons and a stronger moral compass.
B00003CXI1|5.0|Although the movie was not completely true to the book, the adaption was very unique and well told. The acting could have been better but the amazing Quidditch scene made up for any losses in the movie itself. Amazing!
0804106304|5.0|I felt so many variations of emotions when I read this novel. I cried, laughed, hated and loved. It was a spectacular story about 4 girls and their mothers and there were so many situations in which I could relate to my own life. This book discusses family expectations, life successes and failures, war, marriage, divorce, death, life, and discovered secrets. It's a fast read and an enjoyable one and I highly recommend this novel!
B000002H97|1.0|Few alblums disgust me as much as Metallica's self titled release.  Certainly, this piece of garbage does mark the beginning of Metallica's enterence into mainstream music-and its terrible.  Metallica's Metallica is a horrendous amalgum of slow songs and scattered metal interludes (none of which exceed 1 minute) which fans of the metal genre should consider a slap in the face.
B00005ASHM|2.0|after hearing this was better than the beatles,pink floyd,etc. i bit on the hype, only to find out that brian didn't write the songs and the beach boys didn't play the music, i might as well have bought a partridge family album,oh well, on to the music, some good songs, and a lot of very forgettable ones. it's too bad that beach boys fans have to be so rude and insulting of other peoples musical tastes' it just make them look like a bunch of sour grapes. i happen to like the kinks, but that doesn't mean the rest of the world has to.
0060934913|4.0|given to me as a present, I gave it to friends, then bought a copy and gave it to another friend.<br />I have no background in Culinary Arts (or fry cooks for that matter), but I found the book was very accessible and fun to read.<br />The chapters on Boudain growing up (being locked inside a car outside a nice restaurant), ordeals as lowbrow restaurant chef team member, and Bourdain's later trip to Japan are probably 3 of the best.
B00005R87Q|1.0|With much chagrin, I was forced to view this cavalcade of absurdity with my straight friends. Being a movie buff, and a fan of Paul Walker and Van Diesel (grrrrowl!) I thought I would admit defeat and give in.<br />This is the WORST movie I have ever seen, and yes, I DID see Armageddon.<br />The plot is...well, there is no plot. But if there is, it's dumbed down for an audience of lowbrows. Is this what 100 years of filmmaking has led up to? Oy guvalt. <br />To play devil's advocate tho, I was upset that this movie wasn't nominated for any animation Oscars, since primarily all the car chase sequences aren't even REAL.
0517118297|1.0|I love Jane Austen.  But this edition is full of spelling and text errors.  Words that run together.  Context that was not checked.  These are annoying.  The editor clearly didn't do his or her job.  I was very disappointed.
B00005QG9J|5.0|Can't say a whole lot on this album, except that it is by far Incubus' greatest album so far.  In my opinion of course.  But, pretty much like all of Incubus' albums put out there aren't really a whole lot of great songs on them.  There are about four great quality songs on Morning View, but im not saying that the rest [stink], just that they aren't top quality.  But overall, just like all of their albums...Buy It if you can, or just listen to their songs and see(listen) for your self.  Enjoy!!!
6304346107|5.0|This film version of Austen's best novel is very faithful to the text.  Kate Beckinsale is perfect as Emma.
0385312083|5.0|This is a great little book.  It's the story of Billy Pilgrim, a kind of awkward nobody who floats through life without really living it, and who becomes successful in spite of himself.<br />There are two main themes in the book.  The first has to do with the way Billy's perspective on life is affected by his ability to travel through time.  The book too jumps between periods in his life, revealing a bit more about Billy's life with each jump.  Billy is eventually abducted by aliens who tell him that time travel isn't a strange thing at all; the aliens can see time all at once as a sort of panorama.  They even know how the universe will end.  This may explain Billy's way of life: he never takes action because he already knows how it all ends.  So do we.  In the begining of the book Vonnegut tells us how the book ends.  Further, as each character is introduced we get a bit of his future (like how he dies).  This technique may seem a bit anticlimactic, but it lets you see life through Billy's time traveling mind.  By the end of the book I felt like I didn't care about anything in real life either since I knew how the universe was going to end :)<br />The second theme is the firebombing of Dresden by the allies.  Kurt Vonnegut was there himself and he pops up unobstrusively throughout the book.  Billy is completely numbed by the war and by its horrible horrible violence.  By the time the bombing starts you've already experienced the petty nature of war, the tiny details that mean the difference between life and death for tired, miserable soldiers.  We don't really know who the good guys are.  He talks about jews and gypsies being turned into soap by the Nazis with the same dispassionate prose as he uses to describe German civilians being turned to dust by the allies.  This theme is especially timely as our leaders prepare to march us into one war after another.<br />The two themes merge together to make you really feel how insignificant life's problems are, and how important it is to focus on and enjoy the happy times.<br />A final bonus is that you get all of this in a very efficient dose.  The book is short (only ~200 pages); you'll finish it in a day or two, and be ready for your next Vonnegut book.
006016848X|4.0|Men are from Mars and Women from Venus is a practical guide to improve communication and getting along better in relationship. Men and women are born with differences and the very fact that Eve's desire right from the Temptation garden of Eden made men and women explore the relationship endlessly. Couples need to accept the differences, tune in for better relationship by improving communication, caring and understanding. The author focus on the ego, pride and hurt issues arised from negative thinking of the partners. He explains various situations, examples and solutions for effective communication, action role and adjustments when a couple encounters anger, insults, fights, bickerings, humiliation or the sort.  When a woman offers unsolicited advice, she has no idea of how critical and unloving she may sound to him. Her criticism ways do offend and hurt and these are the times men needs her loving acceptance. When a woman tries to improve a man, he feels she is trying to fix him! He thinks he's broken. He is humiliated! She thinks she is helping him to grow or showing her territory ways. Women tend to have mood swings, high jinxed sometimes and its when Life really stings! Men rule his power, often unperturbed to the emotions of women, sometimes bad communicators as John says, the differences between the two calls for a resolve to misunderstandings arisen which leads to broken hearts in an affair if not practically taken care. John's book is indeed a practical guide to accept the differences and walk hand in hand to chase the blues away in life. Its afterall, wavelengths that need to match!
0060975768|5.0|This book is great. I have read it a few times, and it never fails to grab my attention, and admire what these men did...
B00003CX5P|4.0|I thought this movie as a whole was not well. The acting was not all it needed to be, exeptions: Natalie Portman, &amp; Darth Maul. I feel that this movie was just to set the weels spinning, the filler will come in the next two. Just like the original series. I've been a fan since 1977 and may be jaded but I feel that this was a film that had to exist to set up the rest. Effects, of course, were amazing as was the background. The plot was not where it should have been. The sotry as a whole not bad, not great either.
B000062TU1|1.0|AFter anxiously waiting for this movie, it was a great dissapointment. Not only was it boring, but totally different from the book. Harry and his troops were not good at all and did not give any real personality. They were more play acting and it was frustrationg, harry was just like a robot. Did not understand why the producers did not follow the book. If you are going to buy this movie because u enjoyed the book, i would seriously recommend to hire and watch before purchasing it. Lets just hope if they do go ahead with the second part, they will do a much better job. ...
630521610X|3.0|In 1996 this film was released. This film was really commercial<BR>and made people go to see it because horror films hadnt actually been doing well since Candyman in 1992. Well when I went to see it back in 97 at the age of 12 with my sister I was so excited. I was not disapointed but I didnt think it was that scary. I saw it again a few months later and it wasnt scary then either.<BR>I saw it a few times more and then I started buying other Horrorfilms and then I realized. This film isnt that goood.<BR>It is not really scary and the film containes some of the most ridicilous acting talents and script. But it is very entertaining but that is it. I Know What You Did Last Summer was released a year after this one. And a lot of teen horror. The films were all terrible and try to live up to the sucess Scream had but didnt. <BR>This was the same thing with Clueless. But Horror Films to day are terrible thanks to this movie and Scream has got to be the film that ruined the Horror gengre forever. The sequals are bad and ridicolous. I dont know what Wes Craven was thinking and a year after this one he produced the terrible Whismaster (a terrible B-Movie).
B00003CXSM|4.0|\\"The Wedding Planner\\" is the must see date movie of the year.  It's cute, funny, touching, and interesting.  Yes, it does seem like another silly chick-flick with one-dimensional characters, but it's not.  The characters in this movie are so loveable and funny; you want them all to win at the game of love!<br />Jennifer Lopez does a fantastic job as Mary Fiore, a wedding planner who's motto is \\"Those who can't wed, plan!\\"  She has no life other than her job and doesn't have any potential of love in her life until...<br />Eddie James comes along played by Matthew McConaughey (who is as smug, haughty, and arrogant as ever!).  Luckily, McConaughey's character actually needs these characteristics, so it all works out nicely.<br />Justin Chambers plays Massimo Lenzetti, a hilariously clueless childhood acquaintance of Mary's, who comes back wanting to marry her.  I must say that Chambers steals the show.  Whenever he comes on screen you find yourself giggling uncontrollably at his awkwardness.  I must point out that he later played D'Artagnan in \\"The Musketeer\\", quite a transition from Massimo!  This proves that Justin Chambers is a fantastic actor.<br />Judy Greer also does a wonderful job as Mary's assistant, Penny Nicholson.  Penny is constantly hyperventilating over small things (like a broken dish at a wedding).  It's really quite funny to watch.<br />I found myself laughing almost constantly throughout \\"The Wedding Planner\\" because of the unforgettable and funny characters mentioned above.  \\"The Wedding Planner\\" also gives us some hilarious insight into the world of wedding planning.  One of my favorite lines is \\"The FOB is MIA\\".  To Mary, this means \\"the father of the bride is missing\\".  If anyone has seen \\"Strictly Ballroom\\" or \\"Best in Show\\" then they'll understand what I'm about to saw.  A lot of the humor in this film is really just showing you how ridiculous the worries of the wedding planner community are.  The traumas that seem important to Mary are just socomical to us that we can't help but laugh.
B000001E7L|4.0|Hmmm. I just bought this cd recently. I already had two albums by The Cranberries before and I knew this is their most sucesful album to date and of course it is good. Although some songs here seemed to be a bit incoplete this is indeed a great collection of songs here. The hits of course Zombie, Ode To My Family, I Cant be with you and Ridicilous Thoughts. The other songs are good too. Most of the songs here are slow with strings and guitar sounds which I Like. If you want to pick up an album for your home and listen to when youre reading a book or drinking your late night coffee. Buy this album. You wont be disapointed.
B000001FKY|5.0|This is my all-time fav Def Leppard album, all their other albums are a very close 2nd. This is the very first CD I ever bought over 10 years ago. I got the cassette in '88 and I played it till it was worn out, then I got the CD. I've loved this album ever since it first came out almost 15 years ago. Pure, polished, hard, melodic rock. A true classic, a flawless performance of 12 songs. An unheard of 7 hit singles lace this epic album. 'Women', 'Rocket', 'Animal', 'Love Bites(a great hard rock ballad), 'Sugar'(#1 video on MTV in the summer of '88), 'Armageddon It' and 'Hysteria'(also a great ballad). Every song is polished to perfection. This album is so great, that almost all of the other 5 songs could have been singles as well. Especially 'Run Riot'(what a guitar solo!), and 'Love And Affection'. These are the last recordings of guitarist Steve Clark who passed away in 1991. It's hard to say what my fav song is, because I like them all. I put this one in the player, and I don't skip a track. Still just as relevant today as it was back in '87. 'Gods Of War' could apply to the war in the middle-east today, there's a segment of that song that plays a portion of a great Ronald Reagan speech speaking against terrorists attacks on the U.S.A. The song is fabulous as well, with a great guitar riff. Great guitar by Steve Clark and Phil Collen, great bass by Rick Savage, great drumming by Rick Allen, and great vocals by Joe Elliot all put together spell M-A-S-T-E-R-P-I-E-C-E! If you don't have it, I can't recommend it enough. ROCK ON!!
B00005NI5Y|5.0|This album just backs up the idea that Bob Dylan may very well be the reincarnation of William Shakespeare. Looking at his immense body of work, one can't help but be blown away. And to compare him to ANY other songwriters borderlines blasphemy. Has anyone HEARD Paul McCartney's &quot;Freedom&quot;? It's a nice enough melody, but the lyrics!<BR>&quot;This is my right, my right given by God, to live a free life, to live in freedom.&quot;<BR>and compare that to...<BR>&quot;Tolling for the searching ones on their speechless seeking trail<BR>For the lonesome hearted lovers with too personal a tale<BR>And for each unharmful gentle soul misplaced inside a jail<BR>And we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing&quot;<br />And that is Bob in his early 20's when he was still a bit naive!<BR>The point is that there is NO song writer who can compare lyrically to Bob Dylan.<BR>With the exception of one William Shakespeare.<BR>But on to &quot;Love and Theft!&quot;<BR>This new record is truly dazzling. &quot;Tweedle Dee&quot; works both as a political statement and as a rocking fable-farce, &quot;Mississippi&quot; brings back that old &quot;TOOM&quot; sense of doom and remorse, but with a sense of humor and self-consciousness, &quot;Moonlight&quot; is as sweet a love song as you'll hear ANYWHERE, &quot;Po' Boy,&quot; the silliest lyrics on the record, is the most likable melody, &quot;Honest With Me&quot; rocks- enough for a Grammy Nomination, and &quot;Cry Awhile&quot; is Dylan at his loathsome best.  Then there is &quot;Sugar Baby,&quot; a track that would be the definitive on many albums (so too would 'Mississippi' and 'Cry Awhile'- for the record), beautiful, loathsome, loving, full of remorse.  And THEN there is &quot;High Water,&quot; simply the best Dylan song since- well- the best since 'Things Have Changed&quot;, which was the best since &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot;.....see a pattern? &quot;High Water&quot; is truly indescribable, and you want to be able to say that its Dylan's BEST, but you CAN'T because every few years he simply redefines the word.<BR>Anyways. I'm rambling. I CAN say with authority that L&amp;T is Dylans best complete album since &quot;Blood on the Tracks,&quot; maybe even since &quot;Blonde on Blonde.&quot;<BR>If you're a Dylan fan, or simply someone interested in the man, buy it.<BR>And if you don't like Dylan, and think his voice is poor and his lyrics are inaccessable, BUY IT. Listen to it. Twice, three times, until you love it. And you will love it. Any open-minded human being will find something to love on this record.
B000001DV2|5.0|This is the 2nd Leppard album I ever bought, I've owned this CD ever since it came out 10 years ago.  Still remains a favorite in my collection.  Very rarely do I skip a track when I'm listening to it.  I like all tracks, but my fav tracks are 'Let's Get Rocked', 'Have You Ever', 'Tonight', 'Stand Up' and 'Make Love Like A Man'.  The other 5 tracks are a close 2nd.  'White Lightning' is an awesome song written by guitarist Phil Collen about the death of his former co-guitarist and friend Steve Clark who died while they were writing songs for this album in '91.  That song has some awesome guitar work on it, particularly the guitar solo's that Phil plays. Heck, all of his solo's are great on this album.  Phil recorded every guitar part on this entire album, with the exception of bassist Rick Savage playing acoustic on 'Tonight'.  Vivian Campbell joined the band right after this album was released.  I saw them on this tour in Nov. '92, it was my first concert and I'll never forget it, it was awesome.  This album is a little slower in tempo, but still just as catchy and polished as \\"Hysteria\\". Joe, Sav, Phil, and Rick continue to be in top form on this one.  A great album for any Leppard fan, or a fan of great rock music.  If you get the chance to see them live, do it, they're great.  If you don't have this album, get it.  ROCK ON!
0385503954|5.0|This novel is an inspired confluence of traditional English novel with a deft and underhanded post-modernist fiction. At the core is an involved tale of a young girl's mistake and how it irrevocably ruins the lives of two lovers. But the novel is, above all, about an act of writing itself, as it is revealed that the events are also fictional constructions of Briony, the elderly writer. This conceit might have turned out facetitious in the hands of a lesser fictioneer, but in the hands of McEwan, it becomes a magisterial, and terribly moving tale of unrelenting love, and how art preserves such a virtue.<br />Many might complain of the slow beginning. The set up of the novel accounts for 1/3 of the book. For readers expecting white knuckle-inducing turns of plot, the first section will indeed seem tedious. However, McEwan's subtly overlapping narration of disparate characters is masterful, as it captures impressionistic moments distilled through different eyes. He effectively blurs what can reliably be deemed as 'fact', and slyly delves into the process of creating a story. This aspect is enhanced later as we discover that the first part is Briony's submitted novella based on her account of what happened that afternoon.<br />Then follows the war sections, of the British retreat to Dunkirk in 1940, and the hospital scenes. It is absolutely one of the best and most vivid war-writing I've read. It is mind-boggling how a writer born after the WWII could write with such devastating insight about a war he's never witnessed. The terror of the war, the pain that the soldiers endure are written with sober, but sublimely elegant prose.<br />The final section of Briony's return to the old house of her crime, in 1999, is slight in page number, but utterly moving. I won't give the story away, but the story reaches an inevitable, moving conclusion, and the last three pages of the novel are the most heartbreakingly beautiful closing pages of a novel I've read in at least ten years.Not only does McEwan give us the conclusion to the story of the characters, but he also validates and rarefies the art of writing as a reason to live, to preserve what is singly important to all of us: love. <br />McEwan writes all this with grace and understatement. His indictments or blessings are never overt. Whether he's writing about a minute process of cognition, a visual detail, or a contemplation of art itself, his prose is always beautifully measured, intelligent and protean. This novel is a tribute to love. The love between Robbie and Cecilia endures a child's grave mistake and ravages of war, and only through the process of telling a story, McEwan intimates unflinchingly, such a love is preserved in immortality. You won't read a finer, or more moving novel than \\"Atonement\\" in 2002. It's a hell of a book.
B000001E21|5.0|I thought most of the other reviwers summed it up really well, this album of B-sides and throw away tracks are better that most bands A-sides.  This could have easily been a full length studio album all on its own.  'Fractured Love' is awesome, (what a guitar riff!)  'Desert Song' is fabulous, Steve Clark plays a great guitar solo.  'Ride Into The Sun' starts off with a piano intro and then fades into a roaring guitar riff.(very cool) There is an electric version of 'Two Steps Behind', and 3 versions of 'Miss You In A Heartbeat'.  One of them is hidden at the end of the CD.  Many of these songs were taken from the &quot;Hysteria&quot; writing and/or recording sessions, and a few are new tracks.  I can't say what my fav song is, because I like them all.  I've owned this one since the day it came out my senior year in high school.  I've spent many, many excellent hours jammin' on this CD.  Def Leppard is the band that inspired me to play guitar.  This album has never got the credit that it deserves, and one listen will show you why.  Joe Elliot &amp; Co. continue to rip it up on this one.  Do yourself a favor and get THE best album of 1993.  ROCK ON!
B000002JS8|5.0|this is defintely an album i would have to have with me if i were stranded on a desert island.no matter how many times i hear it, i never get tired of it.it is 10 songs and 45 minutes of some of the most killer rock and roll i've ever heard! you won't find any filler tracks on this one,it's all good.from the thrashing of &quot;walk all over you&quot;,the bluesy &quot;night prowler&quot;, to the title track,which remains an FM rock radio staple to this day,&quot;highway to hell&quot; is,or at least was,what heavy metal is all about.i can't say enough about this one.if you're a fan of heavy metal/hard rock,this album is a must!
B00005Y228|5.0|First of all Kylie Minogue deserves a 10 for this album...too bad there was only a five...i want to start out by saying that this has got to be one of the best albums released this year! It's one of those cd's that is good from begining to end...no skipping tracks...like one review said &quot;no red lights (ballads)&quot; this cd is all around dance/club/disco. and its not a bunch of &quot;cant get you out of my head&quot; repeat and remakes..each track is unique. Kylie is looking better than ever and this is a cd you have to get! MY favorites (wel they're all my favorites)  are 'more more more' 'CGYOOMY' 'fever' 'give it to me' the bonus track &quot;boy&quot; and the song &quot;burning up&quot; which starts out like a nice ballad..then suprises you with the pounding bass...&quot;I'm burning up baby i'm burning up&quot; Get this cd...!
B000065U1N|5.0|Black Hawk Down is a great movie. As much as I thought Gladiator was trite garbage, Ridley Scott has totally vindicated himself with this moving, gritty, intense war drama.
B00005NWM3|5.0|This is a new artist.I just love this group's cd.They have alot of great songs.Plus there videos are really cool..Waiting for the the next cd.
B00005QAPH|5.0|Fellini's postmodern, \\"meta-fictive\\"  masterpiece  *8-1/2*  ultimately defeats criticism.  Even Pauline Kael, a critic I normally worship  (and probably sound like in my own reviews), could only mutter something about Fellini's  \\"fictional\\"  director being just that:  a movie-goer's IDEA of what a director's life and work must be like, rather than the real thing.  (Did she want a documentary?)  She basically accused Fellini of using cheap tricks in this movie to impress a gullible audience.  I feel this is drastically wrong.  First of all, Guido's fantasies and memories are of a very personal nature . . . maybe I'm sheltered, but Fellini/Guido's experiences and thoughts are certainly not mine  (can Saraghina really be called a cliche?).  Secondly, Fellini uses tricks, all right, but they ain't cheap:  utilizing the talents of trailblazing cinematographers, production designers, and so forth, Fellini irrefutably revolutionized the way a movie could look, what it could say, and how it could say it.  I think Kael's REAL problem with the movie comes from  somewhere else:  Fellini has never been popular with American women, who despise the director's apparent celebration of Old World double-standards in general, and his frank objectivising of women in particular.  However, the director was wise enough to be up-front about it, c.f. the infamous Harem Scene, wherein typical male fantasy is brought to its ludricously logical conclusion.  On the other hand, Guido finally demands his ticked-off wife to  \\"Accept me as I am.\\"  (Be forewarned, ladies.)  All in all, *8-1/2*  is a watershed event in cinema, as well as a turning point in Fellini's career.  The only downside to all this is that, perhaps encouraged by all the acclaim for  *8-1/2*, this erratic director continued to emulate his own achievement here in later, lesser movies, with varying degrees of success  (mostly not).  In any case, I can't see how one can call himself a cineaste without having this baby in his collection.  [Criterion has lavished -- the only word -- all kinds of effort on the DVD, most of it actually paying off.  (I could have done without the addle-headed documentary Fellini did for NBC.)  The second disc also features an interesting documentary about the impeccable Nino Rota, as well as interviews with Sandra Milo, Lina Wertmuller, and Vittorio Storaro.  The Milo piece is shockingly candid, giving the lie to the notion that love isn't timeless.  Mr. Storaro, btw, should've just spoken in his native tongue -- he was, I think, saying something useful about how to film light and shadow.  A few more subtitles to read wouldn't have made any difference.  Well, whatever.  If you're a fan of the movie, BUY.  If you're not, BUY -- and become one.]tion.  [Criterion has lavished -- the only word -- all kinds of effort on the DVD, most of it actually paying off.  (I could have done without the addle-headed documentary Fellini did for NBC.)  The second disc also features an interesting documentary about the impeccable Nino Rota, as well as interviews with Sandra Milo, Lina Wertmuller, and Vittorio Storaro.  The Milo piece is shockingly candid, giving the lie to the notion that love isn't timeless.  Mr. Storaro, btw, should've just spoken in his native tongue -- he was, I think, saying something useful about how to film light and shadow.  A few more subtitles to read wouldn't have made any difference.  Well, whatever.  If you're a fan of the movie, BUY.  If you're not, BUY -- and become one.]
B00005QG9J|3.0|This is ok cd.I only like one song one it that is why i am giving it three stars.But don't think this group sucks.Because they don't.They are a great group.
B00005JKED|4.0|The intensity of evil portrayed in this film is so strong that it could make you cry.  At the same time, Mr. Washington is so scary, so effective, and so astounding, that his Oscar is really well deserved--not that he hasn't been great in other films; he has. But here his acting chops are non-stop fireworks and he is amazing.<br />As Alonzo Harris, the thoroughly corrupt veteran cop in the LAPD Narcotics Division, Washington dominates every scene he's in--which is, in fact, practically every scene in the film save for the very beginning.  The viewer can only marvel at this powerhouse performance, so diametrically opposite to his star turns in Devil in a Blue Dress, Malcom X, and other films, that it is almost shocking to see him as a seriously nasty thug.  And that's what he is.<br />This serious nastiness permeates the film as we see him and his rookie partner, played by Ethan Hawke, take a tour of L.A.'s seamy side, sniffing out illegal drugs, scaring the ... out of some college kids, putting the finishing touches on a ten-year master drug dealer, halting the rape in progress of a 14 year old girl.<br />Hawke does a great job too; he's tough but has the heart Washington's character had long ago--but lost to street life eating away at his soul.<br />While the story, as such, is essentially a sequence of events--this happens, then that happens, then, etc.--the real reason to see the film is for Mr. W.  Denzel Washington, finally nabbing the Oscar for a truly distinguished career up to this point, here turns in an absolutely tour de force performance, not to be missed.  There is very disturbing violence and intense evil here.  But it is a one-man film and because it is the RIGHT man, it really works.<br />See it.
B00005JKED|5.0|This is one hell of a movie.  Denzel Washington is awesome in this film and so is Ethan Hawke.  The twists and turns that happen are great.  This is almost one of my favorite movies of all time. You should really buy this movie because it's absolutely worth it.
B00005JKED|5.0|This is one hell of a movie.  Denzel Washington is awesome in this film and so is Ethan Hawke.  The twists and turns that happen are great.  This is almost one of my favorite movies of all time. You should really buy this movie because it's really worth it.
B00004XONN|5.0|Perplexing and paranoid, yet filled with longing and desparation, Kid A is the greatest rock album of all time. The music sounds exactally like the cover art: alien yet familiar, exploding yet frozen.  Anyone who gives this masterpiece less than 5 stars is obviously a down syndrome baby.
B00003CXI0|4.0|this is great best the game is good to by it worth it
0804102988|5.0|Wow.  As a Junior in HS, SARUM was actually a required book in my English course.  Like many other students, I was rather taken aback by the length of the novel.  However, as I started to read, I could not put down the novel.  I finished chapter after chapter, without any regard to the page number I was on.<br />One of Edward Rutherford's skills is to create beautiful symbols in the plot, and carry them over in history.  They represent, in my interpretation, almost an ideal, which, when placed in different historical contexts, tries to stand up for the beauty of antiquity and morality.  Rutherford also brings up later things that were on the first pages of the novel!  This in turn creates the image that Britain is a deeply rooted nation, one that relies on the beauty and complexity of its past history.  The characters in the future still remember the past, which forces the reader in a good way to always remember earlier stories in the book.<br />This book was simply superb.  Please read it; you will not be disappointed.
6303965415|3.0|Don't let my rating of 3 stars mislead anyone...this is a good movie. There is no fault to be found with the story line. The movie sticks fairly close the the original Jane Austen novel, while taking a few, acceptable, creative liscences with the plot. It is wonderfully cast (almost perfectly cast to be precise) and it is shot beutifully. The scenery is inspiring and the costumes are elegant without being overdone. However, I have some complaints about the quality of this production...needless to say, this story deserved better then what was done to it. First of all, the story starts so slow that I could barely keep my interest (I find this a screenplay error, the original novel doesn't start out so dully and slowly). Luckily, the plot picks up after about half an hour and the rest of the story was wonderful, romatic, and interesting. Secondly, the sound on the entire procuction is terrible. In almost every key point in the plot I had to turn the volume to the maximum just to try and hear what the characters were saying, and even then I could barely understand them. During the climax of the movie, which involves one of the most moving and romantic love letters ever written, two voices read it at the same time, making the letter incomprehensible. I had to rewind the video and watch it at least three times before I understood what the letter even said...poorly done. For a movie where dialogue is the driving force for the movie more attention should have been given to sound quality.  The good news is that I was at least interested enough in the movie to be drawn into reading the book, which was a million times better and a lot more interesting so I must give that credit where credit is due. My basic opinion of this movie is that it was a good idea and well done from the standpoint of the story, but more time should have been given to certain production details. The lack of such attention only frustrated me as a viewer when it was clear the movie was a good one.
0812550706|3.0|Ender's Game is a book that really made me wonder what my students would try just by reading it.  In today's society you have so many young people who watch things on television and read things in books just to go back and mimick it.  Ender's Game is very futuristic and involves alot of fantasy, however some of the things that happened in the book did not seem so far from being real.  Enders Game really shows how powerful the computer industry could be if the right people put the right things together.  I see no reason as to why a middle school students imagination wouldn't make this story reality. Although it is fictional and most of it is fantasy, there is really nothing that says this can't happen.  Modern technology almost proves it.Therefore I would not recommend this book to teachers of public schools because you could be held responsible for your students imagination.  The book is too far advanced in technology to be real however the story line of Ender growing up to find a meaning for his life all alone is a good topic. Still, I don't agree that futuristic happenings are the way to do it because too much can be made into reality as a goal.
B00005MP58|5.0|One word of warning:  if you buy this DVD you will not be able to stop watching it!<br />This is one of my favorite movies ever and the fact that it comes on DVD is a real treat.  Since buying this little ditty for myself, I have not been able to stop watching it.  The beauty of it is with DVD I can watch my favorites scenes over and over without rewinding...I just click a button and I'm there.  This is worth every cent you pay for it if you choose to buy it.<br />For a movie that is five hours long and the fact that there is not one boring or &quot;slow&quot; part to it is just amazing.  The casting is near perfect and the attention to detail is very pleasing.  Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy will mesmerize you and Jennifer Ehle as Elizabeth Bennet will make you smile and laugh.  I honestly can't think of anything negitive to say.  Jane Austen fans will be thrilled with this (if there is one alive who hasn't seen it yet).  What I'm trying to say is BUY THIS NOW...you won't be sorry!
0804106304|4.0|The Joy Luck Club is the story of four Chinese women who have moved to California to escape times of war in China.  Over the years they have come to know each other through the Chinese Baptist Church, and meet once a month as the Joy Luck Club.  The Joy Luck Club gives the women and their families the chance to mingle and celebrate their Chinese culture with traditional dishes and customs.  Now that Suyuan Woo has passed away, it is her daughter, Jing-mei's turn to participate in the club and to learn about her heritage and her past.  <BR>Amy Tan's novel tells the tale of these strong women and their four daughters sharing the hardships of a different culture, failing relationships, and family conflicts.<BR>Each chapter is told from the point of view of a different woman with different stories about growing up in San Francisco's Chinatown.  Every story contains ties to ancient Chinese rituals and family traditions, including the Chinese game of mah jong, the red candle that must stay lit at both ends to grant marriage to a couple, and the place where the Moon Lady can make all wishes come true.<BR> Amy Tan's The Joy Luck Club is an excellent novel that tells the story of Jing-mei discovering herself and the importance of love and family bonds.  Every character seems real and each situation is important to the life of the Chinese.  I recommend this book to anyone interested in the life of other cultures, loving families, and realistic conflicts.
6304698798|4.0|...but this movie is the exception!  No character is really &quot;good&quot;.  They're all a bunch of scumbags willing to cut anyone's throat to get that hidden confederate money.  The trailer is particularly interesting.  It shows Eli Wallach with the word &quot;bad&quot; under his picture, and Van Cleef listed as &quot;ugly&quot;.  I guess the director was smart enough to realise Angel Eyes isn't the ugliest (he's the &quot;baddest&quot;, ha, ha) and switch it around before the release?!
B00005RY7X|5.0|All I need to say about this album is that there is not a single guitar solo on this entire album! Finally, an albom has captured pure unbridled rock n' roll. No frills balls to the wall rock n roll. One of the best rock albums in almost a decade. Buy it.
B00003CX9E|5.0|When you start to realize how many \\"first times\\" this movie contains, and when it was made, there's no wonder that it's been deemed the best movie of all times. It was the debut in the director's seat of also first-time big screen actor, co-writer and producer, Orson Welles. He was surrounded by a cast of experienced actors, most of which were new to the big screen as well: there goes a couple of \\"first times.\\" In terms of the script, the fast-forward and rewinding of events into the future and back to the past is simply mind-boggling. Welles accomplishes the magical time shifts by resorting to some pretty nifty editing tricks (fading out, fading in, etc.) This might be something that movies such as Pulp Fiction or Memento have us a little more used to these days, but Citizen Kane broke film-making ground when it accomplished this back 1941. Also, the content of the script itself was very controversial back then, due to the fact that it was \\"loosely based\\" on a real-life big media mogul, William Randolph Hearst. This caused the movie to suffer all kinds of oposition and delays at the time, in spite of the fact that the contract Welles signed with RKO for the movie was one that allowed him creative freedom in ways that are evident all through the movie, and that can be the envy of today's Hollywood's directors. Yet, as controversial as the story was \\"outside,\\" the story itself is based on a concept that strikes for its simplicity: \\"Rosebud,\\" Charles Foster Kane's last word, and the pursue of its meaning by a team of journalists, among the people that supposedly knew the man well. Supposedly, because appearances can be deceiving...<br />Illumination is simply fantastic: the game of shadows and bright lights to cast more suspense or cheer up a particular scene is superb. The angles from which the actors are shot at times, break not only the normally accepted paradigms of directing at the time, but also the studios floors (since they required the use of a hatchet to make way through the wooden floors, down to a point where the camera could be placed at footstep level.) The effect this accomplished in terms of the scenes shot this way was amazing, since dominant (power) characters where shot from below, thus making them \\"larger\\" and more imposing than they would have looked like, had they been shot normally. Likewise, submissive or powerless characters were shot from above, much from the perspective of the dominant characters.<br />Some scenes are worth a thousand Oscars, one of my favorite ones being the one where one of the reporters walks into this huge room under custody and is furnished with a book from the diaries of another wealthy man who was close to Kane, in order to read about Kane in it. The scene is just magnificent, in terms of illumination (shadows below, god-like illumination from above), camera angle, script, everything... And this one is only one of several, that make up a movie that has stood the test of time, and has become a pivotal influence to most of today's directors. I hope I have made my point, but if I haven't, long-story, short: you can't afford not to see \\"Citizen Kane.\\"e way through the wooden floors, down to a point where the camera could be placed at footstep level.) The effect this accomplished in terms of the scenes shot this way was amazing, since dominant (power) characters where shot from below, thus making them \\"larger\\" and more imposing than they would have looked like, had they been shot normally. Likewise, submissive or powerless characters were shot from above, much from the perspective of the dominant characters.<br />Some scenes are worth a thousand Oscars, one of my favorite ones being the one where one of the reporters walks into this huge room under custody and is furnished with a book from the diaries of another wealthy man who was close to Kane, in order to read about Kane in it. The scene is just magnificent, in terms of illumination (shadows below, god-like illumination from above), camera angle, script, everything... And this one is only one of several, that make up a movie that has stood the test of time, and has become a pivotal influence to most of today's directors. I hope I have made my point, but if I haven't, long-story, short: you can't afford not to see \\"Citizen Kane.\\"
0792845684|5.0|It was great on the big screen and I love owning my own copy now. Fun, thrills and non-stop &quot;Snake&quot; Pliskin action....I thought he was dead? <br />Although Borgy is fun, Isaac is &quot;too cool&quot; and Adrienne lets it all hang out---Russell is the star and the action never ends. They could have made a better choice for the Prez--- but Pleasance does a fine job in his &quot;love-to-hate-you&quot; role.
0812550706|5.0|This book was given to me as a advanced reader's edition for the re-issuing in 2001. I'll admit, I was doubtful, but I'm so glad I read it! I even have an email with a referance to Ender's Game in it!<BR>     I am part of a Reviewers Staff group at a bookstore, so my job was to read it, write a review for the store, and then tell people about it. As you can see, I loved it, and am now typing this review for anyone in doubt of Ender's Game. This book was really superb. My top ten books of all time (so far) are all six Ender's Game series, (including Beans' Shadow books, he's another Battle School Graduate) and the four Harry Potter books. Two more &quot;Shadow&quot; books are coming out soon. Then the final count will be eight for Ender's Game. <BR>     I so far have gotten five people to read Ender's Game. They haven't finished, but they say they love the Battleroom, the weight-less &quot;room&quot; where the child military geniuses have mock battles against other mock armies (such as Rat, Salamander and Dragon.). Older students are the commanders of the armies, and experianced soldiers are platoon (or just plain toon) leaders.  The rest of the soldiers are just soldiers. There is one remarkable thing about these soldiers, though. They are taken from their homes at age five or six, and graduate from Battle School at age fourteen or sixteen. They spend their entire childhood in space! They are then shuttled off to Tactical, Stratigical or Pre-Command School. Lastly, they fly to Command School, where even the location is a secret, and nobody under twenty-five is trusted. This is a pretty bad mistake, considering they put their future of humanity in the hands of a bunch of 10 year-olds. This isn't a game anymore, they are trying to save humanity against the ultimate enemy, the Buggers.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|I liked watching this movie when I was a child and thanks to this DVD set I will be able to enjoy it as an adult as well as often as I want. The movie itself needs no explanation and the Special Features are very comprehensive. I spent over one hour exploring them, which is rather unusual for me.
0812550706|5.0|This book was given to me as a advanced reader's edition for the re-issuing in 2001. I'll admit, I was doubtful, but I'm so glad I read it! <BR>     I am part of a Reviewers Staff group at a bookstore, so my job was to read it, write a review for the store, and then tell people about it. As you can see, I loved it, and am now typing this review for anyone in doubt of Ender's Game. This book was really superb. My top ten books of all time (so far) are all six Ender's Game series, (including Beans' Shadow books, he's another Battle School Graduate) and the four Harry Potter books. Two more &quot;Shadow&quot; books are coming out soon. Then the final count will be eight for Ender's Game. <BR>     I so far have gotten five people to read Ender's Game. They haven't finished, but they say they love the Battleroom, the weight-less &quot;room&quot; where the child military geniuses have mock battles against other mock armies (such as Rat, Salamander and Dragon.). Older students are the commanders of the armies, and experianced soldiers are platoon (or just plain toon) leaders.  The rest of the soldiers are just soldiers. There is one remarkable thing about these soldiers, though. They are taken from their homes at age five or six, and graduate from Battle School at age fourteen or sixteen. They spend their entire childhood in space! They are then shuttled off to Tactical, Stratigical or Pre-Command School. Lastly, they fly to Command School, where even the location is a secret, and nobody under twenty-five is trusted. This is a pretty bad mistake, considering they put their future of humanity in the hands of a bunch of 10 year-olds. This isn't a game anymore, they are trying to save humanity against the ultimate enemy, the Buggers.
0345451325|5.0|I had the game since it came out on the Xbox, there are too many things that the game doesn't tell you, and that's when this book comes. It's the prequel to the game, as it tells you all the background information about the story of Halo. This book so far, has been a great pleasure to read. I love this book as much as the game. If you don't have or played the game, it is still a great read. I recommend this to any Science Fiction fan.
0812550706|5.0|This book was given to me as a advanced reader's edition for the re-issuing in 2001. I'll admit, I was doubtful, but I'm so glad I read it! <BR>     I am part of a Reviewers Staff group at a bookstore, so my job was to read it, write a review for the store, and then tell people about it. As you can see, I loved it, and am now typing this review for anyone in doubt of Ender's Game. This book was really superb. My top ten books of all time (so far) are all six Ender's Game series, (including Beans' Shadow books, he's another Battle School Graduate) and the four Harry Potter books. Two more &quot;Shadow&quot; books are coming out soon. Then the final count will be eight for Ender's Game. <BR>     I so far have gotten five people to read Ender's Game. They haven't finished, but they say they love the Battleroom, the weight-less &quot;room&quot; where the child military geniuses have mock battles against other mock armies (such as Rat, Salamander and Dragon.). Older students are the commanders of the armies, and experianced soldiers are platoon (or just plain toon) leaders.  The rest of the soldiers are just soldiers. There is one remarkable thing about these soldiers, though. They are taken from their homes at age five or six, and graduate from Battle School at age fourteen or sixteen. They spend their entire childhood in space! They are then shuttled off to Tactical, Stratigical or Pre-Command School. Lastly, they fly to Command School, where even the location is a secret, and nobody under twenty-five is trusted. This is a pretty bad mistake, considering they put their future of humanity in the hands of a bunch of 10 year-olds. This isn't a game anymore, they are trying to save humanity against the ultimate enemy, the Buggers.
B00004XOWM|2.0|Most of the Amazon reviews I read didnt say much about the actual CD.  Instead they talked about how Limp had sold out and rapped too much.  One insisted that Tool was coming to save the world.  So I'll give you a breath of fresh air and actually review the music...<br />...Which isnt really that good.The first 3 songs (not counting the intro) are almost nothing but swear words. The theme is \\"I'm such a punk, I can knock you out.\\" Ooh, I'm scared. They spend 3 songs in a row saying this. You would think they would figure out that nobody over 10 is really impressed by swear words anymore. I guess not, because they have songs consisting of only swear words over the entire CD. As for the rest of the CD, they have a few angry-sad love songs. These are pretty good, really. Theres My Way, which is basically a rebel song without swear words. This song is pretty boring. There are the Rollins, which have stupid lyrics but some awesome beats. They have the Mission Impossible Theme, which also gets boring. So most of this CD is either stupid or boring. Significant Other is a much better CD. Get that, or if you want to see Fred Durst doing something more worthwhile, get Staind or Puddle of Mudd, but I really dont recommend getting this.
B00005JKEC|5.0|Training Day stars Denzel Washington, Ethan Hawke, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and Macy Gray.  This powerful action packed drama will keep you at ATTENTION!  Rookie Cop Jake Hoyt (Ethan Hawke) is teamed up with Undercover Narc Alonzo Harris (Denzel) who is logically charismatic, yet criminally insane.  In 24 hours Alonzo will train the rookie opposite from everything the police academy taught him.  At times the rookie has to wonder what side of the law they are really on.  This movie may give you a new opinion on street justice.<br />I am a huge fan of Denzel Washington, but I waited until he won THE &quot;Award&quot; before I watched this movie.  I didn't want to see his clean image and past portrayals over shadowed by this seemingly negative character he played in Training Day.  How wrong was I?  I was dead wrong.  Denzel showed an acting ability that needed to be exposed.  He probably has opened the flood gates to all sorts of future movie script offers.  Kudos to the entire cast!
6302732778|5.0|Another review doesn't need to be written for this classic sci-fi movie, however a DVD of this movie does need to be produced.  The &quot;Director's Cut&quot; of this movie is the only &quot;Director's Cut&quot; that should not have been produced, let alone being the only choice available on DVD.  Please, please produce this theatrical release on DVD A.S.A.P.
B00003CWTI|2.0|April 6, 2002<br />     This P.T. Anderson fellow is getting on my nerves.  He <BR>seels to write with no other intent but to film &quot;actor's <BR>movies.&quot;  Granted, he seems to be filming them well enough <BR>to impress the critics, but he's not making them for audiences.  <BR>At least, not the audience I saw `Boogie Nights' with, not so<BR> far as I could tell.<br />     If he was making his movies for audiences, he'd be a <BR>little more interested in pace and plotting.  (I've watched <BR>Ozu and Antonioni, so don't say I don't have the chops to <BR>watch a film that takes its time and lives within itself.)<BR> <BR>     I sincerely hope that the critics out there stop <BR>encouraging Mr. Anderson.  He seems to think he's developing <BR>an individual &quot;style&quot;, when, in fact, he's only indulging <BR>himself.  <br />     I'm sure it's possible to enjoy 'Magnolia' and 'Boogie<BR> Nights' and 'Hard Eight.'  I can't.  It always feels to me <BR>like I'm watching acting class.  There are great actors <BR>in `Magnolia' (and a few mediocre ones), but a great acting <BR>class is still only acting class.<br />     One more thing.  Tom Cruise, I've become convinced, is <BR>the reincarnation of Lillian Gish.  He has her acting style <BR>down to perfection.  (\\"One more take with a little something<BR> for the back rows, Mr. Griffith?\\") <br />     After watching this, I suspect P.T. Anderson might be<BR> better suited to television (that is, if the restrictions <BR>of a single cast and setting wont hamper his \\"genius\\").<BR>  Certainly I'm glad I never saw 'Magnolia' in a theatre.<br />     PEOPLE WHO'LL LIKE THIS MOVIE: indie-boosters, acting<BR> enthusiasts.<BR>     PEOPLE WHO WONT LIKE THIS MOVIE: anyone even partially<BR>sensitive to intense narcissism.
B00005QG9J|5.0|I started listening to Incubus about 6 months ago. I now own every one of their cds, and by far, this is the best. The production on this album is a work of art in its own right. Every song on here is absolutely amazing. &quot;Nice To Know You&quot; is a great way to start off the album. &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;, the million-selling single, is one of the greatest songs I've ever heard. It's extremely well written. It has the right amounts of heaviness and softness to it to make it an unforgettable song. &quot;Echo&quot; is a truly beautiful song. Mike Einziger's guitar work on it is well crafted and Brandon Boyd's vocals are the kind of vocals that can bring tears to your eyes. But, the true masterpiece on this album is &quot;Aqueous Transmission&quot;. If I remember correctly, it's over 8 minutes long, and this is a great example to show how Incubus is going to go down as being one of the best &quot;new&quot; bands of the millenium. They experiment with several different instruments and they put it all together to make it sound like somewhat of an epic. If you've been an Incubus fan for a while, or if you are just starting to take notice of them, this is a great album to buy. It perfectly represents what Incubus is all about - making beautiful and amazing music.
0784011176|2.0|April 6, 2002<br />     A skillful and passionate film.  An immature concept.<br />     `The Piano' pounds its story conceits very thin (and they <BR>aren't meaty to begin with).  What Sam Peckinpah's films are to<BR> adolescent male machismo, Campion's 'The Piano' is to<BR> adolescent female angst. <br />     Great acting?  To be sure.  Great cinematography?  Yes.<BR>  Great script?  Ehhh.<br />     The stereotypes in this film are worse than horrendous.<BR>  They're positively nave.<br />     Holly Hunter's character (or Overblown Feminist Archetype<BR> #1, the Oppressed But Divine Female) bristles.  Boy, does she<BR> bristle.  She bristles under the oppression of patriarchal <BR>society.  She bristles devoid of personal and financial <BR>freedom.  But mostly she bristles in the clutches of a rich and<BR> cultured but insensitive mama's boy (or Overblown Feminist<BR> Archetype #2, the Soulless, Impotent Wimp).  Eventually she <BR>finds refuge from her bristling in no less a place than the <BR>primordial jungle, in the arms of a taciturn sex machine who <BR>knows how to keep our lady in her sexual place without trampling <BR>her freedoms (or Overblown Feminist Archetype #3, the Brutish <BR>But Noble Savage).<br />     Oh, come on!<br />     Not that Holly Hunter doesn't bring all of her considerable <BR>talents into play, but her character sinks this film.  The story<BR> is centered around her, which is sort of like centering your <BR>refrigerator around a spoiled hunk of Limburger.<BR>   <BR>     For starters, how about this?  She's so oppressed she's<BR> lost her voice.<br />     She can only express herself through her piano.<br />     Forgetting for the moment the clatter in our ears (the <BR>overwhelming racket of heavy, thematic gears grinding away), <BR>just on a personal level, what a self-involved wimp!  Read your<BR> Austen, your James, or your Wharton.  Their put-upon lady leads<BR> are *actual* heroines.  They shame Campion's gloomy, pale <BR>little narcissist.<br />     I don't doubt the talent or commitment of anyone involved <BR>with this flick, but it all comes across like the secret, inner<BR>-most revenge fantasy of some painfully shy high school girl.<BR>  I can see her now, swathed up to the knuckles in a heavy, <BR>ink-stained black sweater, hunched over her poetry journal,<BR> scribbling away.<br />     By the time Hunter is tangled up in the seaweed (or <BR>Overwrought Symbolic Incident  # 233) I suspect some of you will<BR> have reached your limit.  I certainly did, and perpetrated my <BR>first and (to date) only public film-going faux-pas, remarking <BR>loudly enough for the rest of the theatre to hear:<br />     \\"Good.  Drown already.\\"<br />     Somebody shushed me from the back, but a wide variety of <BR>strangers around me giggled for a solid half-minute and the <BR>woman in front of me clapped.<BR>So I'm not alone on this one.<br />     PEOPLE WHO'LL LIKE THIS MOVIE: stone Campion fans, indie-<BR>boosters, acting enthusiasts, the recently dumped.<BR>     PEOPLE WHO WONT LIKE THIS MOVIE: I have one male friend who<BR> liked it quite a bit, but he has to be dragged kicking and screaming to anything <BR>with a budget over ten million dollars.
B00005QZ7U|1.0|This movie was just plain unwatchable. We tried and tried but after 20 minutes turned it off. I am sure we would have walked out of the movie theater if we had seen it there. It was boring and to be honest just plain stupid. How this movie was even in the running for an Oscar......We usually keep all movies in our collection. This one we gave away and to be honest apologized to the person we gave it to.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|Most of my musical history has been experienced in the rock box, and up until recently, I spent my time on the more melodic, soft, and comfortable side of rock, but concerning that type of music:  I believe I've had my fill.  Serving after serving of the same food will literally cause the body to revolt and recieve decending nutrician from the meal over time.  The same can be said about the brian.  Understimulation causes the mind to and its capacity to atrophy.  Now, art is the single most important thing to me in this world;  literature, painting, poetry, and (especially) music.  Once I realize a considerable difference in the thrill I recieve from a certain type of art or from an artist, I usually try to stimulate my mind by stretching it, trying something new. <br />Andthough these points may seem quite insignificant to some of you, it's important to me, and reallly comes into play with At the Drive-In's \\"Relationship of Command.\\"  I have to admit, when I heard this CD the first time (during my \\"pop-rock\\" phase), I found it to be mindless metal.  Nothing but noise.  I could tell that they had definite talent, but I believed they were wasting it.  Several months later, I heard it in a new light and with a set of open ears.<br />The band is TALENTED.  Extremely smart and original metal musicians.  Absolutely NOTHING like the nu-metal clones that all sound alike.  This feels like a new area in metal, simply because they sound like no one but themselves, which is a feat that most bands cannot claim.  And \\"Relationship of Command\\" illustrates this well.  Many know and have mentioned here the first single, \\"One Armed Scissor.\\"  It is this song that let me give the band a second chance.  The song is a solid 8/10, and is a great representation of the album.  \\"Arcarsenal,\\" the opener, is something that grabs you immediately and sternly demands attention.  Track #5, \\"Invalid Litter Dept.,\\" finds the band at their most laid back and beautiful.  The album is not perfect inmy mind;  Many things could be done differently, and diversity is one of those problems, and because a song of it's kind cannot be found elsewhere on the album, it could be the most important track of the set. \\"Rolodex Propaganda\\" is more of At the Drive-In doing what they do best;  rocking out and taking the audience with them.  All around, a pretty incredible album/band.  7/10 Stars.
B000003BES|4.0|If ou're thinking of getting this set over Hot Rocks, DO IT. If for nothing else than the two under-appreciated tracks \\"The Last Time\\" and \\"It's All Over Now\\". This is a great collection of early Stones, though it is really their pop stuff and not much of the blues... better get that first album, too.<br />Bookend this with the second singles set, Thru the Past, Darkly  which has \\"Jumping Jack Flash\\", all the Satanic Majesties you'll need, \\"Honky Tonk Women\\" and \\"Dandelion\\".<br />Sure Hot Rocks as \\"Sympathy for the Devil\\", \\"Gimme Shelter\\", \\"Brown Sugar\\" and \\"Wild Horses\\".... you all ready own those albums, don't you?
B00003CXTG|1.0|Alright, I really like movies. But if you're used to quality products, this is not a movie you're after. ... First of all, it takes ages before the actual attack starts. And what about Benn Affleck saying he was in occupied France? After a few months he returns home. It's no secret Americans know nothing about Western history, but this really is not acceptable. <BR>Special effects. Alright, you expect a quality attack, a big overwiew of the Japanese planes bombing Pearl Harbor, instead what you get is a camera who individually follows every aircraft one by one, then the bomb as it's flying through the air, an explosion where you can search for blood. Search thoroughly though 'cause it's like watching the A Team. Even the sound effects are nothing. And then the awful love story, but how come a film like Enemy at the Gates can pull it off to put a lovestory into a war movie? Simple, don't use Michael Bay for such a project.
0804115613|5.0|Fannie Flagg is a true contribution to the south. She has made the south proud with her outstanding way with words.
B00003RQNJ|5.0|this is my favorite movie.  The cinematography, the music, and the script are great.
B00005RYLE|5.0|Sam Raimi Rules.<BR>The Evil Dead Rules.<BR>Anchor Bay Rules.<BR>Finally a full uncut version with all the trimmings.<BR>Nothing more needs to be said.
B000000OF6|3.0|Queen has written some catchy songs with good hooks and melodies.  But they do not warrant a two cd set, its a little long. If your a big Queen fan this is for you, but for the regular fan or not so big fan, it's too much.  And the single disks Greatest Hits and Classics, both 3 stars, are a mixed bag, with only about half of each having enough songs to  be called a classic or a greatest hit.                                       We Will Rock, We Are the Champions, The Show Must go On, Another One Bites the Dust, One Vision, Under Pressure, plus a few other good songs. But overall, too much lag in between the really great songs, and the okay, and not so great songs.
B00005YW4H|5.0|This CD was suggested to me by a friend, and I went out and bought it without ever hearing Norah Jones.  I have not stopped listening since!  She is amazing.  At a time in my life when I feel like I'm too old and too young at the age of 22, this music isn't teeny-bop or &quot;old&quot; - it fits me just right.  It is amazing and beautiful!  I recommend this CD to anyone with taste in music who is tired of hearing the same old thing on the radio and TV!
B00005T30L|4.0|Birch (in her most convicning performance to date) and Buscemi are a delight as a deadpan prankster, who isnt that eager to find out if there actually is a life after highschool graduation, and a weidro loner, who falls for her with both hilarious and heartbreaking results.<BR>Extremely well written and directed, with acerbic dialogue and razor-sharp characters, this comedy-drama isnt one to miss. Watch out for an unbilled Teri Garr!
6304077955|4.0|Fine movie. Tough, hard, abrasive, unsentimental.
B00005JKJA|1.0|this is a great film, but dont buy the dvd.  its the worst dvd i've seen. there are no extra features and you cant even select the scenes so fast forwarding would actually be easier on a video copy.  there's no way it should cost as much as it does.
B000002OX7|5.0|In the age of the gushy singer-songwriter, Who's Next brought back one golden ethic: To rock hard is a goodness. As long as the bass was thumping, the drums were shaking, the guitar was blazing and the lead-singer had a potent presence and a rebellious attitude, it did not matter if your lyrics were as corny as \\"I'm singing this note cause it fits in well/With the way I'm feeling/There's a symphony that I hear in your heart/Sets my head reeling/But I'm in tune/Right in tune/I'm in tune/And I'm gonna tune/Right in on you,\\" you were a damn fine rock and roll band. Rock songs about fast cars are better than ones about slow despair. It was better to scream out about \\"teenage wasteland\\" over a windmilled guitar than mumble about an uncommitted lover over a serene acoustic and if you were going to sing about your love life, brooding, forceful lines like \\"I'd pay any price just to get you/I'd work all my life and I will/To win you I'd stand naked, stoned and stabbed/I'd call that a bargain/The best I ever had\\" were better than anything Cat Stevens or Carol King could come-up with an their most fragile and introspective. Few albums exemplify the glory of unfiltered hard rock better than Who's Next. It's thrashy, passionate, unruly and mightily loud. Just like rock and roll should be.
B00005QZWI|5.0|Howard Shore has always managed to surprise me (from the subtlety of &quot;Nobody's Fool&quot; to the terrifying &quot;Se7en&quot;) and again he does not disappoint; it is easily his biggest and greatest score to date. Not only does this soundtrack move fast, it's also very moving. Of course there's only 71 minutes of music, but the best pieces were chosen for the soundtrack. That is a VERY good thing.<br />The music on this album speaks for itself, it needs no description. A perfect (and Oscar winning!) score for a wonderful film.
0451526295|3.0|Perhaps it was because I read this novel after finishing the more up-beat and perky \\"Pride and Prejudice\\", but I was horrified by \\"Mansfield Park\\". As others have mentioned, it is very dark in nature, and not nearly as amusing as some of her more light-hearted novels. I'm not sure what Ms. Austen had in mind when she wrote this book, perhaps it was a social commentary showing what the world could be like if nobody ever took action like Fanny Price, but if you're going to make a social commentary at least be witty about it! \\"Mansfield Park\\" is a very droll read and I had to force myself to finish it which is rare; this more than likely had to do with the fact that I wanted to throttle Fanny for being such a dull, goody-goody priss. How she could possibly be the author's favorite lead character I'll never know because by the end of the book I despised her. If I were Edmund I'd have to take up drinking because my wife was such a bore. Even Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre was more interesting than Fanny and she had a similar disposition in preferring a quieter life, but she was genuinely likable because at least she didn't look down at people and act totally like a nun. I'll openly admit that I don't always see the deeper meaning to a lot of novels, but as far as I'm concerned they are there to be throught-provoking, yes, but also to provide a different world for the reader to slip into. Elizabeth Bennet's world I would have enjoyed immensely, but Fanny Price can keep Mansfield Park and every other boring element about it. I give the novel three stars because I did like the characters of Mary and Henry Crawford who were supposed to be the \\"bad\\" people. Well, forgive me, but as far as I was concerned they were the only ones having anything remotely close to fun and so their souls and mine should righfully be banished to the under world for it. For to have fun is wrong and to be truly happy we must never say a wrong word or think a wrong thought about anyone. At least this is what Fanny Price would have us believe. Skip this one and enjoy the more up-beat works of Jane Austen, trust me!
0140288503|5.0|What a story!! I had no idea what awaited me before I read this book.  But now, I have to read it again, slower this time, and see if what I read is really there.<br />I can't remember being so quickly propelled through a book as I was by this one. The story telling is remarkable (hats off to you Mark Bowden), and the content of the story is even more remarkable. How can everything that possibly can go wrong go wrong, and yet how can the men involved be so emotionally (&amp; pysically) strong enough to deal with it all. Amazing is all that can be said.<br />Mr. Bowden lets lose with some direct writing. I had my doubts before hand that this would be a newspaper colume, but no way. I got the feeling that he was there. The style lead me to believe that there is no question in his facts, and that he is the authority on the subject, simple as that. His story telling is cold, raw, hard, and in your face. You are there, with the sounds, smells, sights and feelings. I couldn't stop reading once I started.<br />I haven't seen the movie, kinda of don't want to, but if Hollywood tells this story the way the book does, the look out. The military and political powers-that-be will go bonkers.<br />Good for you Mark Bowden. Well done. I look forward to more and more and more...
0375507507|5.0|Ms. Fuller is a restrained wordsmith. <br />Her's is a child's narrative of growing up in this awe full continent. <br />She never once gives an explanation, rational, or theorem for or against white colonialism in black Africa. Rather through her story she allows the reader to disover much of the motivation of middle class whites who foot soldiered on, till the final campfire, in the economic and military army of colonial Africa. <br />Those adults for whom hell is any place were they must serve and heaven any place were they may rule.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Play by Moby is one of the best C.D.'s I have ever listened too. It grabs your heart and soul and put in a twist of New-Age Pop music, turning this C.D into a enjoyable C.D. My mother along with my sister(26 yrs old) and my young Niece(5yrs old) loves this C.D. also. I'm am not only speaking for myself but for my family when I say this is the best C.D yet I have heard.
B0000524CY|5.0|I wasn't going to write a review for this, but after seeing the review that says \\"dumb horror flick\\" i HAD to write this. This new version is far scarier than the original, the updated, soundrack sends chills through your bones and the added subliminal effects with the added scenes will chill you right down to your core. The reviewer who sadi \\"dumb horror flick\\" must not be very old or religious, or come from either a catholic or christian background. This movie isn't about a serial killer, like Jason Vorhees, or Poltergeists, or killers like Michael Myers and is not going to be scary in that way. This is a psychological horror movie and when another reviewer commented that this movie might be pure evil, i think he was right. I think this movie will go on for years and years and always be the scariest movie ever made, because it's what you don't understand or your beliefs or what you don't believe about this movie that makes it scary. I'd hope the \\"dumb horror flick reviwer\\" will email me so we can discuss it. If you plan on not sleeping for a while then this is the movie to see. Personally i like the ending of this version of the movie far better than the original. I saw this version in a THEATER when it was released and it's even scarier there.
B000065U1N|5.0|As said, this movie definitely is my favorite of all time!  The true story of the botched 1993 U.S. raid in Somalia that turned from a military mission to a hasty rescue operation was a very inspirational film as the pointless objective of those soldiers immediately turned into an incentive to get their brethren out of the clutches of the troubled city of Mogadishu.  Ridley Scott's amazing visual attention and Jerry Bruckheimer's unstoppable action filmmaking truly account this classic as not only the best war movie ever made, but the best movie in general.
B00005QDW1|5.0|I have been a No Doubt fan since their early days, especially since Tragic Kingdom, so each album release was huge anticipation on my part. All of their albums are GREAT and Rock Steady is no different. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the whole cd, so its hard for me to pick favorites, but a few of the highlights are: Hey Baby, Detective, Start The Fire, Waiting Room, and Rock Steady only to name a few.<br />I would recommend this album to everyone who is a fan, and anyone who is looking for a good time!
0971855110|5.0|I bought this book as a &quot;gratitude&quot; purchase, but am finding it valuable to have all the information in book form.  Flylady's website and emails have already started to change my life - and my house - even though years of trying other systems had not.  <br />I'm very educated and can pull off grand projects at work, but my house has never been neat for more than one day, and that after mad panic cleaning due to guests being scheduled.  No matter how much I resolved to not let it get bad again, I just couldn't seem to keep it together.   My shame, and sense of failure, were unspeakable.  And I thought, permanent.  But I just needed to learn from someone who conquered lifelong chaos. This system works, and it is EASY!  I simply cannot believe how much less time and stress this system takes, and how much better life is becoming.  Oh, Thank God!<br />Now that flylady's book is in print, more people will be able to start living in peace rather than chaos.  What a relief!  Thank you Flylady, from the bottom of my heart. And my husband thanks you, too!
B00005N9CV|5.0|This album has a mood throughout that is effuses sensuality.  It combines torch songs in both South of the Border Latin and North American ballads.  It is well designed and musical.  Diana Krall fans might want more piano but this showcases her outstanding vocal abilities, her crooning in that low register that brings emotive resonance in style.   It sets a mood from the 40-50s of lush arrangements with later latin sensibilities.  She also incorporates the wonderful interludes between tunes very reminisicent of Gordon Jenkins work for Frank Sinatra in September of My Years or with Nilsson's Touch of Smilsson in the Night.  While it sidesteps her swing piano tributes to Nat King Cole and others, it is truly a session full of provocative themes, keeping a groove consistently mellow and meloncholly.... like a warm summer breeze.
0380789019|5.0|I discovered Neil Gaiman in an airport bookshop. While wading through the piles of Grisham, King, and Crichton, one cover caught my eye. It was Neverwhere. I spent a good part of my vacation in Hawaii with my nose in this book. The moment I finished, I took it to my Dad and told him that he had to start reading it immediately. Since then, both of us have read it several times. This is an amazing book. There is no other way to put it. Neil Gaiman is the only person alive who could write a story about a dangerous, hellish underworld, and make you want to be there. <BR> P.S. I could see this as a really good movie, too. I'd cast Ewan Mcgregor as Richard, and Michelle Pfeiffer as Hunter.
B000002GYG|5.0|... the front door runs from floor to ceiling, and the doorknob is about 3 feet from the ground. The owner tells the story that back in the 1800s, they didn't want horses in the bar, therefore they placed the doorknobs low so the cowboys would have to get off their horses to open the doors. There's a 10-foot mirror that was built from diamond dust in Glasgow, that was shipped around South America and then brought from San Francisco to Genoa, NV by wagon. The bar and the floor are all original 1850's hardwood, and when it snows, sometimes it's so dark in there you can hardly see the folks at the other end of the bar. There's one pool table, a pot-bellied stove, about 13 bar stools, an old safe that always stands just a little bit open, pictures of people and places and the bar through the years, about 6 generations of dust, and a juke box. Ahhh ... the juke box. That magic box introduced me to Tom Waits over a game of pool with some characters that just stepped out of a Big Chill revival. Warm Beer and Cold Women ... that was the song that did it. This is my first Tom Waits album, the man who sounds to me like a white Louis Armstrong doin' bee-bop. It's the perfect kind of music for the mood of that bar, and it's the perfect kind of music for a night with friends, sharing some good merlot or shiraz and baked brie with blackberry-jalapeno sauce. If you can't experience the bar or the brie, at the very least, you should experience the music.
B00005B4GU|5.0|radiohead is perhaps one of the most monumental faces in music today. many people know who they are, yet do not listen to their music. i can honestly say that after i borrowed OK Computer from a friend I have been hooked. I immiedietly purchased the rest of their albums. Kid A and Amnesiac are very similar but different. Upon first listening of Amnesiac I didn't like it that much. But I played it, and kept playing it. And eventually I could pull the emotion out of each song. &quot;Like Spinning Playes&quot; has became one of my favorates since i've listened to the live album. Their music has a lot behind it. And simply listening for rhythm and riffs is not enough to listen to Radiohead. You have to listen for emotion, listen to where it takes you. Radioheads unique talent is that they can create something that sounds awkward but allow it to grow on you. Thom's lyrics are something else, and the rest of the band drives it home with the heavy instrumentation. I honestly don't classify Radiohead as a rock band, they were once, but now they're in their own genre. They're radiohead, no one sounds like them. It's sort of an aquired taste type deal, if your into downtempo emotional type stuff, just give this cd a play a few times and you'll learn to appreciate it for what it is...
0140072187|5.0|I thought the book was an interesting view of the world of the helicopter pilot but the dust jacket did sell it a bit much on the action side.  I enjoyed the details of the machines and the methods they were used.  The book is also written in a light method that is easy to read, the reader does not get bogged down in the alphabet soup of unit designations.  The school is also interesting; who would have ever thought that flying a helicopter is so difficult.  I did enjoy this book a good deal, it really moves fast.
B00003CXXP|3.0|One would think that a science fiction film produced and directed by Steven Spielberg (who also contributed to the screenplay) inspired by the vision of the late Stanley Kubrick would have to be a brilliant work of monumental significance.  Think again.<br />This story was a passion for Kubrick, who always wanted to film it.  Spielberg picked it up as homage to Kubrick and attempted to imbue it with Kubrickian nuances.  While the film is clearly infused with the sci-fi spirit of 2001: A Space Odyssey, it has neither the dramatic power nor the philosophical depth of that classic.  Instead, we have an insignificant and disjointed human interest story, full of sentimental pap about a boy who isn't even human.<br />To be sure, the visual effects are outstanding.  With Spielberg at the helm, this was bound to be a given.  Using the latest technology and a $90 Million budget, Spielberg cranks out another effects show that rivals his latest Jurassic Park episode (another dud of a screenplay with great visuals).  However, the story never gets any traction and we are left hoping the characters would just shut up and get to the next computer generated image.<br />The first hour of the movie is boring and tedious as we see robot boy David (Haley Joel Osment) attempt to adapt to his new human family and vice versa.  Then suddenly Spielberg tries to shake thing up by throwing David into the standard futuristic anarchical society, a backdrop long ago rendered hackneyed in this genre.  Shifting into third gear, we are then taken on a sci-fi junket to old New York, now semi-submerged from the effects of global warming, which have caused the oceans to rise at least 200 feet to cover all but the highest skyscrapers (we cannot possibly have a sci-fi film lately without some political hyperbole lurking in the subtext).  Then fourth gear and we go on a journey far into future where David comes face to face with advanced beings in his quest to become a real boy, just like Pinocchio.<br />Spielberg attempts to meld ET, Close Encounters of the Third Kind and 2001 A Space Odyssey, to create a mosaic of themes that does justice to none of them.  The last segment is punctuated by the advanced beings driveling about how the human race is the one true link to the meaning of life.  This is extremely ironic given the events of David's journey including vile children mocking him, parents who abandon him, a flesh fair and a futuristic red light district full of violence and debauchery.<br />The film is also full of annoyingly unbelievable depictions, such as a love robot (Jude Law) who is a sophisticated piece of technology able to reason and operate at a very high level, who has to crick his neck to turn on his mood music.<br />The acting is terrific, despite the vapid dialogue.  Haley Joel Osment just keeps getting better and better.  He presents just the right balance of robotic disconnection with his human counterparts and the sincere efforts of an emotional being attempting to emerge.  Jude Law also gives another outstanding performance as Joe Gigolo, stealing just about every scene in which he appears.<br />This was supposed to be one of the all time blockbusters, but despite putting up decent numbers, it failed to even match its budget at the box office.  For once, I have to agree with the masses that this film just failed to distinguish itself beyond the special effects.  I rated it a 6/10.  Mark it up as a bad day at the office for Steven Spielberg.
0451163532|5.0|When telling a story, hire a great writer and that is exactly what Ross did here.  Sure the story in its self is a great, but I am glad he had Ken Follett tell it.  I did read this book before Ross ran from President so I did not have the view of him that I would today, i.e. I might tend to think some of the parts of the story go to his ego.  This is a well-written book that tells a story that not many Americans know about.   If you are interested in this part of the world, Terrorism or the Iran Hostage crises this is a must read.   There is a good amount of detail and the required maps and diagrams.  The book reads very well and will be finished before you know it.
B00005JIZA|5.0|There are not enough words to describe John's music.  It is just something you have to experience for yourself... I could not recommend it more.
B000060P79|5.0|This cd is amazing. Simple plan is a very talented group of musicians from MONTREAL, CANADA!... buy this album. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED!...
B00005JKJA|5.0|This movie is an excellent journey into the weird and dark mind of David Lynch. It's a bit similar to Lost Highway in some way, but it's far more complex. Lots of clues here and there that has something to do with that incredible way the movie changes direction mid-way through. This I think is the best Lynch movie I've seen. <br />You just have to go see it and after it's finished let your mind wonder what the hell does this mean...?<br />Go see it and expect not to understand it (at least not the first time)<br />Great stuff from the most innovative director of our time
B00005JKES|5.0|Listen, you twits, there were all kinds of warnings that this set didn't include the pilot.  Several reviewers mentioned it.  If you had done your research, you would have known about it; additionally, the pilot is now available on DVD from Amazon.com as an import (or the big online auctions, or several other places).<br />There were licensing issues around the pilot; the folks that own the rights to the series don't own the rights to the pilot.  The folks that own the rights to the pilot chose to put it out with a dumb \\"final ending\\" that doesn't really connect with the series.<br />If you're all bent out of shape about missing the pilot, it's not Amazon.com's fault, or the various rights' holders fault...<br />As far as the series goes... incredible TV.  In fact, it's incredible filmmaking, the likes of which you just never see on TV.  I can't wait for the second season to come out on DVD!
B00005JKL8|5.0|I enjoyed Behind Enemy Lines very much. The cinematography is fantastic and the acting is amazing. Owen Wilson's performance, in particular, took me by surprise. I didn't realize how talented he is until I saw this film. I think this story is based on actual events. Even though it is dramatized and emotional, the story is told in a very realistic way. It also draws you in. I was not bored for a second. And I bore easily, especially in war and action movies. Thankfully, this film is the right combination between action and plot. I am really interested to hear the director's commentary on the DVD to know more of what goes into making a film like this - I'm sure it was an emotional endeavor for all involved.
0446310786|5.0|When this book was chosen for our book club (made up of 12 women), we all groaned. This was the book that we DIDN'T read in high school, but instead we bought the cliffs notes and watched Gregory Peck. Too bad we were so ignorant in high school. This book has been the favorite for most of us. It is wonderful. It is an easy read and so engaging. I couldn't put it down and was a little sad when I finished it.<br />I think that our English programs in high school do a huge disservice to teenagers when they assign this book. Teachers tell their students that the book is about racial tension and bigotry. What student WANTS to read about that? Instead, students should be told that it is a great book about 2 siblings growing up in the south, who play during the summer and try to peek in on their reclusive neighbor (Boo). Then, when they read it, students would just naturally pick up on the racial themes throughout the book. <br />We all thanked the person who picked out this book for us; it was a real treat to read it as an adult.
B00005JKJA|4.0|After anticipating this release for months, my only disappointment is the peculiar decision (by Lynch???) NOT to include any chapter breaks whatsoever.  Forget about scene-hopping.  If you want to jump to a scene mid-film, prepare to sit through many minutes of fast-forwarding.  A regrettable decision, in this reviewer's opinion, in an otherwise fine disc.
B000063CPL|2.0|Yes, what is the point in hearing the same old selections? How about more from \\"Somewhere in Time\\" or different tracks from  \\"Piece of Mind\\" or any other album. If you like Maiden (and I do) you will be better off hearing the old \\"live\\" sets. Just the same old stuff...except for some new tracks it ain't worth the money!! <br />The sound quality is not bad, but sounds raw towards the middle of the first set and continues until the end of the second. It's just pure raw Maiden. With the same old tunes. BORING!!!
B00003CXZ4|4.0|weird, gripping, exhausting, it's all that but you will not wanna pause this one for a toilet break. The Unusual Suspects revisited, only different.
B000003TA4|5.0|... I personally think Nevermind is Nirvana's best album. Best as in, the one that casual Nirvana fans or \\"newbies\\" should go for, first and foremost. I love all their albums, what with the fact that I am a big fan, but this is their best and most consistently good CD. I mean, I'd recommend them all, but as I said, I am a fan. In Utero is a fan-oriented, personal album. This one is accessible to everyone. As for me, I will give Nevermind 5 stars because there's not a single song *I* want to skip, i.e. no boring songs or bad songs. Personally I love Territorial Pissings, it's obnoxious and crazed, and why not? It's like Tourette's on In Utero, it's unpretentious and its main goal is to let off steam. My one gripe with Nevermind is that it only has \\"selected\\" lyrics on the sleeve, and yeah, that creates a problem when you can't understand the unwritten ones. I know that this leaves room for interpretation, but I find the lyrics so good that I would have liked them written out in full. But since we live in the internet era, you can look the lyrics up anywhere anyway, so it doesn't matter THAT much.
B000001ELD|4.0|I am a big Kiss fan; however, I've always been afraid of the solo ablums. They have such a bad reputation for being unlistenable. Well, I ran out of other Kiss records to get so I thought that I'd plug my nose and jump in. I have the other three on order still, but I just got in Gene's and am very happy with it! Thank you Gene.
0375815260|5.0|Reading Roald Dahl aloud with your children gives you time with excitement. Dahls books, loved by some, hated by some, are truly amazing. You never know what will happend, though you can be truly safe, nothing too bad will happend to you as long as you behave.<br />Chalie is a little boy living in deep poverty with his parents and his four grandparents. A tuff world for a little boy, and no romantification by Dahl, but still you almost want that you were little Chalie. His life, though filled with poverty and hunger is also filled with love. He is surrounded by love by the six grown ups in his life. When the chocolate king Willy Wonka is going to give away 5 golden tickets which will give you access to his adventurous factory, Charlie knows that there is no chance that he will win a ticket. Or may be there is a chance? Charlie's birthday is just around the corner, and every year Charlies parents and grandparents collect all their leftover money to buy little Charlie one tiny piece of chocolat. And of course, this plate, just as any other plate can be one of the five with golden a golden ticket.<br />As the story goes on we meet the four first winners of the golden tickets, all children like little Charlie, but of course none of them anything like Charlie. Dahl let us meet four nasty children, though described with great humour.<br />Of course Charlie gets a golden ticket in the end, if not, there would be no book about Charlie and the chocolate factory. And he and his \\"old as Methusa\\"-grandfather Joe are invited to the factory with the four other kids and their parents.<br />Now we are taken into a world so filled with fantasy it is like a wonderful dream for every child.<br />Roald Dahls writing is perfect for any child between 5 and 105. You are never too old to enjoy his books.<br />Britt Arnhild Lindland
6303303463|2.0|Despite the fact that this is a great video, it's nothing compared to LIVE AT WEMBLEY '86. There are several tracks left out, some of them are the greatest in the Queen catalogue. And if there's one thing I can't stand, it's concert videos with tracks left out. What's the point? It's the same with THE FREDDIE MERCURY TRIBUTE CONCERT. Now I know that this is edited because I read somewhere that Def Leppard, one of the bands performing that night, played two of their own songs, Animal and Let's Get Rocked, as well as Now I'm Here. So it is something that I find really annoying.
6305014140|3.0|After reading all the great reviews for NS, I was itching to watch this anime.  After seeing it I'd have to say it's pretty average in my opinion.  The animation is dated and flat compared to today's anime.  I preferred to watch it with English subtitles cuz the voice-overs were extremely cheesey. The action was pretty nice, I just wished the fight scenes were longer.  I noticed that a lot of previous reviewers mention the nudity and sexual content but it's really not that bad considering it's a cartoon.  Overall, I can't recommend purchasing this movie but it's worth a rent if you like martial arts anime.
B000001DV2|5.0|This was the first taste of Def Leppard I heard...and I'm hooked into a new world. LET'S GET ROCKED kicks..., but that doesn't mean to say any others kick ...too. However, TEAR IT DOWN and PERSONAL PROPERTY are the weakest of the 10 track selection.<BR>They've dedicated this album to Steve Clark, and he shall be missed.
B00004W5UA|5.0|I admit I was not looking forward to renting this movie but my friend forced me.  I was wrong, like many other times I have been.  <br />Throughout the entire movie my friend nudged me asking \\"Do you like it?\\" and all I could do was sit there like a gawking fool.  I can't even describe how amazing it was and how it made me rethink a lot of my own personal opinions.  The music performed by the Dust Brothers fits the style completely, consider trying out the soundtrack as well.<br />This movie is not just a 'guy' movie, it's for anyone.  Don't overlook this movie by its title, propaganda or anything, just see it with an open mind
B000001EHS|5.0|Then this is your starting point to get to know Def Leppard. However, the version I'm reviewing leaves out MISS YOU IN A HEARTBEAT and replaces FOOLIN' with HEAVEN IS and adds ACTION and MAKE LOVE LIKE A MAN. AND WHAT AN ALBUM! Full of all the Great Hits. I like every song on this album, especially the new one WHEN LOVE &amp; HATE COLLIDE. It's a fantastic album, so try this album first before you try another of their albums.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|memento is an intricate, multi-leveled mystery in which lies become truths and truths become lies. who to trust? who to turn to? as the story unfolded backwards, i found myself being drawn into the tight plot and wrapped into the amazingly complex story. memento is my favorite movie of all time.
B00005K3NR|5.0|I have a theory about films made from books. You can't do a story justice if its longer than a novella. Otherwise you have to leave stuff out. Stephen King's first novel is really a novella, padded out with some news reports on the Black Prom to pad it out to novel length. Which makes it perfect for movie adaptation.<br />Boasting Oscar-nominated performances by Sissy Spacek and Piper Laurie and early performances by P. J. Soles, William Katt, Amy Irving and John Travolta, &quot;Carrie&quot; is high school hell. <br />Hell for outcast Carrie White (Spacek). Ridiculed at school and harangued at home by an extremely religious mother (Laurie), she has no place to turn for help.<br />It can't end well. Not in a Stephen King story. He's been through high school twice: once as a student and once as a teacher. Evidently it was one time too many.<br />The DVD has some fine added features and interviews with cast members, all of which are amazed to be talking about this little film 20 years later.
1587990717|4.0|I recommend reading this book. The greatest value of this book is in its frank, unconventional and wise discussion of success in life. I find the book a little &quot;rough&quot; in its informal organization and very judgmental tone, but this need not deter or detract the reader from the book's main value. Reading the negative reviews on this book I can't help but wonder whether those readers felt emotionally attacked by one of the author's judgmental rants. Although these rants have a tone I personally would not take, I recommend a reader being a good sport, be entertained by the rants and not let it get in the way of the more meaningful points of the book.
B00005Y228|3.0|It's about time the TRL audience started to get into the more electro-derived pop that Kylie gives in this, her eighth album, I think.  Though the lyrics are pretty vacant and the album has no real staying power (it's really good at first, by slowly declines; after less than a year you'll probably be ready to part with this one) most of the music is very good.  This album is a good idea of the best work we can ever hope to get out of mindless TRL...
0385335482|5.0|I have not enjoyed a book this much in quite some time. While it is an extrememly light read, I thought it was well written &amp; quite humorous. The main character was very likeable &amp; you felt your heart pound each time she made a purchase &amp; was been sought after by her creditor. It's a book you can digest extremely fast &amp; leaves you wanting more!
B00003CXDG|2.0|Remember the days when you were writing term papers and realized that every third sentence was a quote, so you started parephrasing, but it just didn't sound as smooth?  Well this is what this movie does.  I am amazed that the scriptwriter has the guts to claim this as his own.  He ripped off the scipt from Hitchcock's \\"Notorious.\\"  Of course he changed the Nazi's trying to get their hands on uranium to the \\"evil greedy corporations\\" trying to get their hands on a deadly virus only they had a cure for, but the rest is the same.  My favorite part came on the \\"making off\\" part, where Tom Cruise talks about how good and original the writing is.  It made me gag.<br />To be fair the special effects and the stunts are good, but I think they might have plyed better on a video game.
0425170349|4.0|Some people may have problems with the politics and Clancy's obviously conservative leanings, both of which are on display in this book.  To those (and to those who are offended by a predominantly American point of view) I say tough.  It's just a work of fiction, regardless of how &quot;real&quot; it's supposed to be.  And it's written by an American writer, so why are you shocked by the American point-of-view?  I don't read Ian Fleming novels expecting to see an American point of view.  Grow up.  There are plenty of books which have offended me on various levels and with the exception of those I had to read for college, I always have the option of not reading them if I choose to.<br />Overall, I enjoyed this book although I did think the character development was noticeably weaker than in some of Clancy's other novels.  And what makes that stand out even more is there was PLENTY of room for character development since the story only focused on a few groups (not dozens like his novels sometimes do.)  A lot of the soldiers were never really fully developed and the &quot;bad guys&quot; were painted with a broad brush showing only one side (granted, the crime they plan to commit makes it hard to identify with them.)  The best character in the entire novel is not Clark or any of the soldiers, but turns out to be the Russian agent.  I enjoyed following his storyline the most.  Not so much because it was the central thread tying everything together, but because his character was literally a throwback to all the old classic Cold War spies we came to love in earlier novels.  Unfortunately, I don't know if they'll really draw upon his character again in future books.<br />If you're looking for Clancy books and want extensive character development and a more tightly-defined plot, read &quot;Without Remorse&quot; or &quot;Patriot Games.&quot;  If you want a massive storyline intricately weaving numerous plot lines, try &quot;Red Storm Rising&quot; or &quot;The Sum of All Fears.&quot;  If you just want an easy-to-read, entertaining thriller, try &quot;Executive Orders.&quot;  This book assumes you already know the primary characters and throws you pretty much headfirst into their latest developments.  I still enjoyed it, but that's because I knew the character's history and sort of knew what to expect from Clancy at this point.
0060922583|5.0|In this riveting, mind-bending book about the REAL nature of reality, Michael Talbot forces the readers to look beyond the rational/common-sense/\\"scientific\\" view of our universe and delve deeper into the subtler, more \\"real\\" nature of our universe. Mr. Talbot's bases his argument on the version of quantum reality as interpreted by physicist David Bohm. David Bohm theorized that our universe - which he called the explicate order - is actually a 3-D holographic projection of a deeper, more subtle reality calling it the implicate order. Talbot further takes into account the holographic nature of our brain/mind as propounded by Karl Pribram.<br />In quantum physics, the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen paradox, where a pair of photons traveling in opposite direction display the same angle of polarization when measured at any moment of time, seems to give the impression of communication between them at speeds greater than 'c'. This in effect violates the universal ban imposed by Einstein on the max speed any object/particle can undertake. The other way around this paradox is to view the process in a holographic way. Even Neil Bohr in his famous argument with Einstein on the EPR paradox proposed that the two particles were not separate but part of the indivisible system which in turn strengthens Bohm's Holographic Universe viewpoint of the deep interconnectedness of each particle in this universe with every other.<br />The apparent solidity, colors, spatial locality and causality associated with our universe is but a perception of our brain which presents a blinkered and veiled view of our world and thus the illusion. The nature of the implicate order - from which our universe has come into being - is non-local and non-causal. The book then takes into account the experiences of the NDE'ers (near-death-experiences) and OBE'ers (out-of-body-experiences) and myriad mystics and shamans, who have described this implicate order/heaven as a place of immense peace and joy, where time andspace as we know it ceases to exist, a place populated by being/beings of light/God and constructed by pure thought.<br />Readers who are interested in gaining insights and philosophies into the nature of our universe and the very purpose of our existence on this planet should definitely give this book a read. Very enriching, insightful and equally entertaining.
0451169514|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read. It took me three days to read it, I could not put it down! I have now read it five times, and everything is still scary. It just gets better and better each time I read it. Its exactly 1093 pages long, so if your not a fan of reading, then I suggest you see the movie. Stephen King (My favorite author!) is brilliant. I don't give the book 5 stars, I give it all the stars in the sky.
B00005JKQX|5.0|Nobody would doubt that this is the big overall winner of the 2002 Oscars - one of the hardest-to-win Academy Awards competitions with big-budget movies like Lord of the Rings -  when A Beautiful Mind bags 4 of the most prestigious awards of the show. Based on a true story, Australian actor Russell Crowe plays Professor John Nash, an Economics Nobel Prize winner, who was (is?) suffering from schizophrenia, a mental disorder that cripples one's ability to distinguish between the real and the imaginary. Director Ron Howard displayed utmost flexibility in his art direction, creating an atmosphere of suspense, frustration and puzzlement in the first half of the movie by portraying the imaginary characters as real. The plot abruptly changed the spotline to Mrs Nash (Jennifer Connelly), a symbol of love and a countering force against the debilitating effects of schizophrenia. The story ended with a sweet ring of true love (not romance) that transcends all obstacles, and a bitter defeat of the 3 imaginary characters - the persona of schizophrenia. A beautiful heart has written a beautiful mind. With a strong musical backing and superb acting by Connelly and Crowe (though Crowe surprisingly lost the Best Actor award), one must give credit for the telling of a true story, which has proved harder than telling a fictitious story (look at The Insider and the cheesy Titanic). A 6 star movie, if I can give. Well done, Howard!
0446608955|5.0|I bought A Walk to Remember by Nicholas Sparks about 2 years ago, and yet I still can't seem to put the book down. The way Sparks words everything in the story weaves it way through your heart. Recently, I went to see the movie, and it was just as great. I still cry everytime I read the book. It shows you the true meanings of everyday life that most choose to ignore. I'd recommend this book for anyone to read. Nicholas Sparks is a wonderful author, and he proves it once again with A Walk to Remember.
B00005RY7X|4.0|Don't believe anything about this cd until you've heard it. <BR>Sure, there's nothing on here of G&amp;R or metallica standards, but still a solid choice. a great cd for a party, or just to rock out in the comfort of your home. it also has one the best album covers i've seen in a while. all the songs sound like they took five minutes to write, and that's the intention andrew w.k. had: making all the songs brief, fun, and at times, brilliant. andrew w.k. isn't the savior of rock, but still a very good supporter of it... 4 stars! buy it!
B000001EL3|5.0|This album is great!  It has experimental tracks like \\"Beth\\",and \\"Great Expectations\\", and songs with the classic KISS style like \\"Flaming Youth\\", and \\"Detroit Rock City\\".  My favorite songs on \\"Destroyer\\" however is \\"Shout It Out Loud\\", \\"Do you Love Me\\", and \\"King of the Night time World\\".  Over all, this is an awesome album
0789723107|5.0|A quick and fun book to read.  Steve Krug gets to the point quickly without babbling on like most writers.  My entire staff has used this book as a reference.
0446677450|5.0|Robert Kiyosaki enlightened me as to what I've been lacking in my education throughout all these years!  As a college student I will be making sure to provide myself with financial literacy as well as the conventional university courses in my top school.<br />The messages conveyed in his books do give advice which may seen somewhat &quot;radical&quot; to the average person, but keep in mind if we all agreed to his ideas in the first place and had his kind of mindset he probably would not have had the need to write books to spread his ideas.  As I have noticed, many people might have gotten upset with Kiyosaki because they thought he was providing with a method to get rich.  But nowhere on the title page indicates that this is a how-to manual. After I have read his other book The Business School: For People Who Like Helping Other People, I see that he writes these books to provide us with the ideas significant to bringing about a life changing education, and whether or not one wishes to be openminded to his way of thinking is up to them.  <br />I only regret that he does not tell us how to use these ideas, and this is perhaps another reason for reader resentment, since they find they cannot get anything out of the book even though the ideas are powerful.  But I think this is where we are to come in ourselves, and creatively find ways to adopt those ideas into our situations that demand improvement.  That creativity is perhaps what separates the successful and the unsuccessful.
B00003CXI1|5.0|Before seeing this moving in the theatre, I read the first two books in the series.  I absolutely loved the books and the movie! When you read the books you get these pictures in your head of how the characters look, how they act and how the scenes appear. That's why the movie was so amazing! All of the things I pictured in my head were just that in the movie!  Some may think that after seeing a movie, there is just no interest in reading the books.  Well, I'm almost finished with the third book (Prisoner of Azkaban) and want to go back and read the first two again! I can't wait for the DVD to come out so I can watch the movie over and over too! Rowling is a gifted author who pulls our imaginations into a world of wonder and amazement!
B000062Y98|5.0|This album is absolutely brilliant. Every song is honed to perfection. This is an album that begs to be played loud, and that is truly the only way to experience this masterpiece. Each time I listen to it I find new things. There are just so many things packed into each song that it is mind numbing. I plan on playing this disc until it wears out and so far it is well on its way.
B00000IO4J|5.0|I saw this film a few months ago with my friend and both thought it was brill.It has action and comedy with a very good twist at the end that makes you wanna watch it again.There is good acting from all the cast but the high light of the film is Elijah Wood who plays the geek Casey. I recommend it to all teens and a must see for any one who likes a great film with o good ending. Also the sound track is 10/10.
B00005JKYS|5.0|I can't praise this flick enough. I was in WWII and too old for Viet Nam, but the movie gave me a real feeling of how that first major battle was fought and what those GI's had to endure. Lt. Col. Moore must be proud of the way Gibson portrayed him. At the end, I was moved to tears and gained an entirely new appreciation of the guys who fought in 'Nam'. There should be more movies like this.
0688170528|5.0|I loved this book! It's by far one of my favorites. Jodi Picoult, the author does a splendid job of creating an image of how one problem makes different people react in different ways. <BR>   This is a tale of love and tradgic loss. But it is also a story of recovery, and the ways of coping with your mishaps. It is a romantic, comedy with the twist of drama provided in the law portion in the story.
B00000JG41|5.0|Every time I listen to California I am amazed in some way. No album that I own is so strange, so different, yet so good. A few people have seemed to write off Mr. Bungle as 'funny' or 'wacky' but I can't disagree more - as musicians, writers, or as just plain artists, these guys deserve to be taken seriously. And California IS a serious album. Taken at a glance, the album may seem light and fluffy, with its bright colors and happy sounding music, but there is a dark undertone that works in contrast with the bright exterior. Songs like &quot;None of them knew...&quot; and &quot;Air Conditioned Nightmare&quot; are the best examples of this - they are both great songs musically, but underneath they contain dark messages. But what makes California so great is that it works on so many levels - its fun to listen to, but it also has depth. California may be a bit different from other music out there, but I find that is what keeps me coming back to listen to it again and again. The only bad thing about this album is that so few people know about it.
B00003CXI1|4.0|I'm not going to tell you that the movie lived up to or didn't live up to the book.  All I will say is that this movie is pretty good for what it is.  This is a fun kids' phantasy film.<br />Don't try to equate this to \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" either.  This movie, like the book, is to \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" like a romance novel is compaired to \\"A Tale of Two Cities\\".  Sorry to say so Harry fans, but it's true.  Yes it is.  Anyway...<br />I was mainly interested in seeing this movie because John Cleese was going to be in it.  Well, don't let that be your reason, because he barely is.  (Hopefully, he'll have a bigger part on the DVD version)  I was pleasantly surprised though.  The makeup is very good and the special effects are quite up to par.  Of course, as I mentioned before, they shouldn't be compaired to TLOTR.  That might leave you dissapointed.<br />I'd advise you to get this for your kids, or if you don't have kids, tell the guy at the store that you do, and get it for yourself.  I highly recommend this film.  How anyone can give this a one star rating, I cannot comprehend.
B00005JCAA|5.0|When I first saw Meet Joe Black, I was so amazed! This movie had meaning and a purpose.To me , this movie should have won an oscar for best film! Brad Pitt is a talented, handsome actor and this movie shows it! He portrayed Death and Joe Black so well! Claire and Anthony were also excellent in this movie. The story is very intriguing with an excellent plot , good script, and awesome actors.if you haven't seen this film YOU SHOULD! I'm in Middle school and I absolutely treasured this stunning work! Finally,  an excellent movie with everything and hardly no foul language. Give these actors a round of applause!
0688170528|5.0|I loved this book! It's by far one of my favorites. Jodi Picoult, the author does a splendid job of creating an image of how one problem makes different people react in different ways. <BR>   This is a tale of love and tradgic loss. But it is also a story of recovery, and the ways of coping with your mishaps. It is a romantic, comedy with the twist of drama provided in the law portion in the story.
B0000634EV|5.0|Very few albums in this day and age capture the true spirit of Rock anymore.  In today's music, it's easy to get lost in a vast pool of commercial...  Many bands are trying so hard to jump on the proverbial \\"bandwagon\\" that the true meaning behind good ol' album rock is virtually unheard of.  Down II is an album that will blow you away with both creativity as well as brutality.<br />These boys take their influences and put them all together to make a butt-kicking stew.  Every single track on this album grabs your attention with blues, rock n' roll, and metal.  It's a web that has been intricately woven with intelligent lyrics, hooks, and riffs.  It has a vintage feel to it.  I would write about the highlights but, to be completely honest, the whole album is a highlight!  They prove that by using their music influences, they can still create something all there own.  This album belongs right in my collection of Sabbath, Zeppelin, Queen, Kiss, Aerosmith and Beatles albums.  It's that damn good.<br />I commend this band for making such an extraordinary album.  For a long time I thought that albums like this would never be made again.  Phil, Rex, Pepper, Kirk, and Jimmy Thanx for this classic.
B000002NIW|5.0|I really like this cd. I think it is better than white pony but not as good as adrenaline. I also think that this cd has the best guitar riffs than both of their other cd's. They are my favoritest band in the whole entire world....and everyone needs to buy all of their cd's.<br />The only song I don't really like is mascara but once i get into that song i start to like it.<br />also.....chino looks sooooooo hot in some of the pictures in the cd cover thingy that you pull out or whatever....<br />BUY THIS CD
B0000062FN|4.0|Santana III was another successful album by the great Mexican guitarist and his band.  Good rock, a little heavier and murkier, as opposed to just dark.  Just listen, especially, to those earlier numbers.  <br />A highlight of the album is \\"Toussaint L'Overture,\\" named after the leader of the Caribbean slave revolt.  Sort of orchestral in structure, dramatic, with excellent percussion and intermittent climaxes, and fabulous soloing by Carlos.  The other most well-known songs are everything: the hard-driving, bouncy \\"Everybody's Everything\\" and the upbeat \\"Everything's Coming Our Way\\" (I prefer the latter).  \\"Jungle Strut\\" is also enjoyable, with its graduated swagger, as the title implies, and more excellent guitar soloing.  Of the murky earlier cuts, \\"Taboo,\\" mystical and intense, is the strongest.  \\"Guajira\\" and \\"Para Los Rumberos\\" are signs that Carlos will in the future revert to the more typical latin sound, without the structure, rhythm, and melodies that typified the songs that had mass appeal to non-Latin audiences.
B00005V9L1|4.0|This movie takes you on a mind bending ride that leads up to an almost mind blowing climax.
B00005RHGK|1.0|What a stupid movie. Big waste of time. Very bad acting and special effects.
6302994063|5.0|I use &quot;Strictly Ballroom&quot; in my Sophomore English classes as a prompt for essays about theme and culture. When I tell them that this is a movie about dancing, many of the kids roll their eyes and prepared to sleep through it. However, they soon find themselves involved, laughing at the faux interviews which open the movie, then curious about what will happen next to the characters. Although this is certainly not a deep, thought-provoking movie, it does provide entertaining writing ideas. I highly recommend it!
B0000062FL|5.0|Abraxas matches the debut Santana album in quality while taking on a new direction that is a little less structured, while more jazzy and latin.  The pretty, dreamy atmosphere of \\"Singing Winds, Crying Beasts\\" opens, followed by the group's big hits \\"Black Magic Woman/Gypsy Queen\\" (Peter Green authored the first part) and Tito Puente's \\"Oye Como Va,\\" both of which became authentic trademark songs for the Santana band.  While \\"Black Magic Woman\\" has the lyrics, the fast-paced \\"Gypsy Queen,\\" written by Hungarian guitarist Gabor Szabo, much admired by Carlos Santana, is one of the Mexican's maestro's finest moments, tho relatively short in length in the studio.  Dazzling, accelerating electric guitar soloing weaves in and out of mesmerizing rhythm guitar flourishes.  Matching it in stature (but much longer) is the masterwork \\"Incident at Neshabur,\\" multisegmented, jazzy, dramatic, and which concluded one of the best LP side ones ever.  The remaining material is not as strong, the best track's being the vigorous \\"Se A Cabo\\" and the lovely \\"Samba Pati Ti,\\" in which Carlos showcases his abilities with slow, pretty, high-pitched latin guitar melodies, a precursor of things to come.  If you judge an album by its cover, buy this one, for the fabulous music takes no back seat to the richly textured, beautifully colored cover art (there was more of that to come too).
B00000JR2A|5.0|Tears For Fears created some of the best popular music of the 1980s.  With each new release, TFF explored new musical territory, always redefining what Tears For Fears should sound like.  For my money, Roland and Curt never sounded better than they do here on The Seeds of Love.<br />Songs From the Big Chair was their commercial peak, but one listen to The Seeds of Love and you'll see why so many believe this was their artistic high mark.  Accompanied by a stellar cast of musicians, the synthesizer driven sound of previous TFF releases takes a back seat to some truly inspired playing.  Turn up track two, Badman's Song, and see if you're not blown away by the jazzy intro and vocals that quietly simmer...building and building...until an emotional, full-throttle release at song's end that will have you ready to testify.  This song must have been amazing in concert.  <br />Other highlights include the beautiful single &quot;Woman in Chains&quot; (with the amazing Oleta Adams on vocals), the peppy rock of &quot;Year of the Knife,&quot; and the Beatle's homage &quot;Sowing the Seeds of Love.&quot;  This disc also has &quot;Advice for the Young at Heart,&quot; the band's most overlooked single.  Why this wasn't a Top Ten hit I'll never know.  I agree with others who say this song practically moves them to tears.  The vocal delivery on the chorus (Advice for the young at heart / soon we will be older / when we gonna make it work?) still gets to me everytime I hear it.  <br />If you have one of TFF's greatest hits compilations, I'd recommend The Seeds of Love as your next purchase.  The sound on the remastered version is phenomenal and the addition of four strong bonus tracks seals the deal.
0440180295|5.0|Well I want to keep this brief, but don't take that as I don't love this book!  This is quite possibly the best book I have ever read, and it brought me to tears.  I couldn't put it down, it took me less than a span of 24 hours to read.  I am now in post finished mourning that I will have to follow it up with some poor book, that cannot possibly live up to this masterpiece.  I am thinking I will try Catch-22.  Read this book!!
B00005RHGK|1.0|Im always up for a new scary movie. Now I just need someone to tell me why I wasted my time watching this one. It would have been a great movie had one understood what was going on for the first 98% on the movie. Even when it ended, I had to sit there and think to understand it. I have NEVER had to do that before. Creepers did have its scary &quot;monster&quot; and it did have a huge body count and it did make me bounce in my seat a few times. If thats what you are looking for, go for it. If you like something that makes you think then have your thoughts proven before the last 5 minutes of the movie..this isnt the one for you.
B000002G86|4.0|This album, made by Eric Clapton supported by quite an ensemble (and for the record, Bonnie Bramlett played a part in authoring most of the songs), was a very good first solo work for the guitar legend.  The big hits, the cover of \\"After Midnight\\" and \\"Blues Power,\\" written by Eric and Leon Russell, are its trademark rock numbers, but it also contains that great exercise in driving rhythm \\"Let It Rain\\" and the spirited \\"Bottle of Red Wine\\" (no pun intended--just listen to it!).  The best song, however, is the beautiful Clapton solo acoustic guitar ballad \\"Easy Now,\\" on which Eric's singing barely takes second place.  Sometimes the simple is the most beautiful.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Fans old and new have much to celebrate about SUPERNATURAL, Carlos Santana's Arista Records debut. After several years of quiet in the studio, Santana is joined by his seasoned contemporary Eric Clapton and by such young luminaries as Lauryn Hill, Dave Matthews, Rob Thomas, and Fher (of famed Mexi-rockers Mana). As an album that caps a rock career spanning more than three decades, SUPERNATURAL is a testament to the stylistic breadth of Carlos' musical world, to his dynamic communicative abilities, and to the fact that rolling stones truly gather no moss. The man continues to make a guitar wail like no other. <br />To the sound of punchy horns, Rodney Holmes' double-bass drum kick, and of course, Santana's searing string-bending, &quot;Yaleo&quot; tears it up with abandon. &quot;Migra&quot; is another signature Santana 'Latin rock' piece with a pulsing Bo Diddley beat and a strong message about the U.S. immigration officers' harassment of Latinos. &quot;Love Of My Life&quot; is a sultry number with Matthews pouring sweetness all over the microphone, while &quot;Do You Like The Way&quot; features Hill dropping the light of her wisdom to slow, rough beats.
B000065U1N|5.0|Forget LORD OF THE RINGS, forget A BEAUTIFUL MIND. This film deserved Oscars for Best Film, Director, Cinematography, Score, etc. BHD is one of the most powerful, gripping, and human movies ever committed to film. Definitely Ridley Scott's (Gladiator, Hannibal) best film.
B00005YTFG|1.0|I guess it's right when they call it the \\"love-hate\\" movie. Personally I cannot see why anyone would love it! This is not a musical! It's like a bunch of pieces of music videos stuck together and strung out for over 2 hours! Most songs where copyed. In fact so many songs where copyied that it took them about 2 or 3 years to copyright them all. Go ahead and buy a Madonna CD, then pick up Whitney Houston, Elton John, Pink, Fat Boy Silm and a few others and listen to them. You'll get the same expiercance as you would from watching the movie, except without all the frantic camera movement that made me sick and the strange, perverse way they portrayed the songs all smushed together like, \\"Creloe Lady Marmalade!\\" \\"Because We Can-Can-Can!\\" \\"Diamonds Are A Girl's--\\" \\"We Can Be Heros!\\" \\"I Will Love You!\\" \\"How Wonderful Life Is...\\" \\"Come What May!\\" \\"Like A Virgin!\\" \\"Because We Can-Can-Can!\\" \\"Everybody Can-Can!\\" Okay, so it doesn't really go that way, but once I got through with it, it sure felt like it! And the story is lame to boot! This is not about true love! Maybe in sappy romance novels full of gushiness.<br />Everyone is portrayed in a cartoonish sort of way. You know the ending after five minutes of watching it, it so predictable. Firts it starts out so jerky and the talking is jumbles you have no idea what's going on. Then it's as slow as hell as they rejoyce about their love. We know you're in love already, shut up about it! Oh, no the duke is trying to take Satine away! Who cares? You know the end result.[...]
B000002VMH|5.0|The cd embodies the production popular in the early 90s but this album has quality and a sound that will prevail over time. You can see why Annie has been called &quot;the best white soul singer of our time&quot;. From the grea upbeat tracks like &quot;Precious&quot;, &quot;Walking on Broken Glass&quot; and the very diva-esque &quot;Little Bird&quot; to the relaxing &quot;Why&quot; and &quot;Cold&quot;, these are songs that go beyond genre and time.
B00005R2M3|3.0|When Shakira appeared on the musical scene with her album \\"Pies descalzos\\" I bacame a big fan of her. Her lyrics and music were amazing. Donde estn los ladrones was another supreme cd. So I expected an excellent English work. Now, that I've listened Laundry Service I'm really dissapointed. Where is the old Shakira? I think she've really sacrified her essence to be a smash hit in the States. Also I used to love her personality, so naive. Now she wants to be and look like a sex symbol, an unbeliavable mix of Alanis, Britney and Madonna...
B000006045|5.0|Massive Attack continues to make innovative sounds featuring unique voices that make interesting contrasts with the dark, downtempo music. Liz Fraser's voice stands out the most on tracks like \\"Black Milk\\", that is so soft and slow that it's practically a lullaby, and on the sassy \\"Dissolved Girl\\". Portishead's Beth Gibbons takes a cue from India in \\"Teardrop\\" and I like how the music changes halfway through \\"Rising Son\\" with an electric guitar loop. This is Massive Attack's best album to date.
B00005R8GU|5.0|If you only like your blues sad, pass this by. This is a great celebration of the blues - originally with one vinyl record from the studio and one recorded at the \\"Cosmic Joy-Scout Jamboree\\" in the 60s. Muddy Waters is the clear master along with a cast of black and white players. Of the latter, Paul Butterfield fits right in Muddy's company. I think Mike Bloomfield is the only letdown, especially on the studio cuts. Maybe he was lost in the mixdown, but he seems out of step at points. He's a little too blues-rock. Nevertheless, this is a minor quibble. This is a pure joy to listen to and remember \\"there's another mule kickin' in your stall!\\"
B00005AWMF|4.0|There are so many words that describe Sade. Her music is the most sincere style of R&B and Jazz I've ever heard of in quite some time.<br />Her 1994 Greatest Hits album, The Best Of Sade, combines the heart and soul of her biggest hits from her four studio albums, Diamond Life, Stronger Than Pride, Love Deluxe, and Promise. The music contains nothing but the best of her hits. Songs like the sexy Smooth Operator, The Sweetest Taboo, No Ordinary Love, and Paradise, keep the songstress still strong in full bloom.<br />Although many people still overwrite her as a probe of the 80's, Sade is still one of the most elegant female artists I've ever heard, and The Best Of Sade, is that display of her seventeen years in the spotlight.
B00003CXN4|5.0|This film is brilliantly edited, and hugely deserves the Oscar it won in this category.  For the first twenty minutes of the film, it's not at all clear who are the good guys and who are the bad guys.  You have to see this movie twice, in quick succession, to work out how Soderbergh achieved this deliberate ambiguity.  The quality of the deleted scenes on the DVD is extraordinarily high.  These missing scenes make you appreciate how much Soderbergh had to cut out in order to stay within 150 minutes, and yet there's fantastic depth to the plot and the characterisation within their condensed form.<br />And finally a word about Cliff Martinez's wonderfully economical soundtrack.  It's a bit like Eno -- in fact there's even an excerpt from APOLLO at the end -- and a bit like Harold Budd.  (I wish I'd never lost my SEX, LIES AND VIDEOTAPE soundtrack CD, which he and Soderbergh created.)
B000002HIK|4.0|I for one, am not a techno fan at all.  However I bought this CD because I was just interested I guess...and this is in no way the techno you know of.  These are strange sounds that set moods and it's just a total chill CD.  Just about anyone can enjoy this CD if they have an open mind.  Each song has a different feel.  Even if you hate almost all techno like me...check some of this out and there's a good chance you'll like it.  It's a great addition to any music fan's collection.
B000063CPL|4.0|I must admit that I was a little worried about this album. I saw this tour in San Antonio and it was a very subpar show, from a band known for it's live performance. The first problem was the choice of the set list. The band could have left out Dream of Mirrors and The Sign of the Cross, especially since at the show they did not play Run to the Hills. Secondly, the show production was terrible. Not even close to the Live After Death show. It seemed thrown together and lacked professional quality. The band seemed a little too relaxed  about needing to impress the crowd and the crowd really picked up on it. The Ed Hunter tour was a barn burner,but the Brave New world tour just lacked the same intensity. There was no giant Eddie at the end, and all Bruce did was complain about all the new bands out there. It was very annoying. A terrible performance. With this said, I was worried that this album would be as bad as the job on A Real Dead One. To my surprise, this is a very good live album. The sound quality is good, with the exception of some muddy rhythm guitars. Nicko's drums sound great.The song Blood Brothers really stands out and is better than the original recording. Bruce breathes new life into The Clansman, and now it is one of my favorite Maiden songs. Nicko gets a little sloppy in The Trooper. Overall, a good live album.
B00003CXXP|1.0|Great effects. Great acting. But the story? Awful. The movie tries to be touching, brooding, and thought-provoking. It fails at every turn. Instead it comes off as a maudlin fairy tale, sprinkled with technobabble. It has plot holes you could drive a hovercopter through. About the only good thing I can say is that it made me want to get a copy of Brian Aldiss' &quot;Supertoys Last All Summer Long&quot; to see how the story was supposed to go.
B0000634EV|4.0|Down 2 is a great album, but sets the stage for a couple of controversies. Where Nola displayed Sabbath influenced riffing, A Bustle.. is an outright ...[copy]. It is unmistakakable. With the realease of Down 2, we have somewhat of a quarterback controversy. ... Down 2 is a real album with soul and vibe. There is a great chemistry and the songs don't sound forced or trendy. The production is a little rough but acceptable. It was recorded as a band should record, locked away in a barn, no frills and lots of feel. This album is not as original or as rocking as Nola, but definatly an album worth checking out.
B00005V3Z4|4.0|You read this following statement many times, but I would have given this film 4 1/2 stars if possible.  I had wanted to catch this film in theaters (because the trailer made it look like a horror film), but it never came to my city.  So, I scooped it up on DVD ASAP.<BR>What a unique, powerful film!  This film is ultra-cool, without trying to be so.  There are elements of horror, but Donnie Darko is so much more.  There are scenes where I, a child of the 80's, laughed out loud in appreciation of references to that time.  There were times when I actually felt chills.  There were times when I was sure I knew where the film was going, only to find out I was dead wrong.  There were so many interesting subplots that were intentionally left wide open that my wife and I spent several hours talking about them before we even touched the main plot (which was left to interpretation as well).<BR>In conclusion, this may be one of those films that you need to watch only when you are in the mood for it, but it is a film that has does not fit in any genre out there right now.  It is as unique as another great film, Memento.  And the DVD is jam-packed with cool extras.  I would almost demand that you rent it, and I would definitely recommend buying this wonderful film.
B00005R23S|2.0|Being a Springsteen fan, I waited for the release of this DVD - it was the first Springsteen DVD I purchased. Unfortunately it could have been better. The video could have been arranged better and picture quality is much worst than average. Sound perfomace needs much improvement! Some of the songs did even sound like him - he was so wild that he lost control. The recording needs a cleaner recording and mix, as it's lacks clarity. In my opinon it should be done over - something like greatest hits live; in control; shorter; improved sound (DTS) and video! If possible, I would return it. Please note that I viewed this on a high definition TV and audiophile sound equipment. I'm still a Springsteen fan, but it seems that I'll have to wait for a better performace.
B00005JKYS|5.0|Saw it today and consider it a great movie. There are few flaws but the movie is excellent. I consider it one of the best war films made. GO SEE IT! It is an important movie to see. You'll want to thank a Vet afterward after you wipe away the tears.
B000002LMM|4.0|If you don't listen too intently to the Twin Peaks soundtrack you have a great piece of mood music. The tracks are quite simple and are not by any means great musical pieces. They are nicely mysterious but just as they worked great as a backdrop for the series, they should only be listened to as background music. If you're expecting much more you will be disappointed.
B00003CX97|5.0|In 1957, a movie was premiered that was the most awe-inspiring of its time. It was a massive project, involving a collaboration of several countries and the building of a bridge. It was the film that put director David Lean on the map and brought home Best Picture and six other Oscars at the Academy Awards. Although Lean and producer Sam Spiegel later topped themselves with \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\" and their first film's flaws have since become apparent, \\"The Bridge on the River Kwai is still a landmark of motion pictures and still awes people (Major spoilers ahead).   <br />\\"Madness! Madness!\\" The last words said in the film by Colonel Clipton can be used to sum up the film. Most of the major characters were mad in a way, but some more so than the others. Let's take Alec Guinness as Colonel Nicholson, one of his most renowned performances. Nicholson is a stiff upper lip officer, who believes that by building a `proper' bridge, he is helping the future and providing the prisoners with better work and self-esteem. He doesn't seem to take into account that this bridge will be used by the Japanese in Burma against the allies and that men are dying on the River Kwai. There are three other main characters in the story. Shears, played by William Holden, Colonel Saito, played by Sessue Hayakawa and Major Warden, played by Jack Hawkins. Shears, from what we can tell, doesn't want anything to do with the war or the P.O.W camp. He bribes officers and, when he escapes, tries to weasel his way out of going back. As an actor, Holden has always been underrated, yet this movie will have you asking why. Hayakawa was 68 years old when he was cast as Saito, yet he doesn't look or act like it. Unlike Nicholson, he only builds the bridge because he has to. Like Shears, he does his duty because of what would happen if he did otherwise. The third character, Warden, is different on the other hand. He sees the war as a game, playing with his plastic explosives as if he's a kid with firecrackers. He also believes only in the mission, carrying around suicide pills should anyone have to be killed. <br />Speaking of the River Kwai, the actual story was worse than it is here and this is one of only two problems I have with the story.  Hundreds, if not thousands, of prisoners of war died along this railway from causes such as malnutrition, dysentery, malaria, gangrene, beatings, exhaustion and torture. And some just wanted to die. This sugarcoating of the actual story is one of the most controversial parts of the movie, but what did you expect? This is a Hollywood Epic. The other problem with the film is lack of focus. We leave the Nicholson-Saito story just when we are to decide whether to cheer or boo Guinness so events involving the commandos can be fitted. Both are major stories, yet the producers can't decide which is more important. <br />The Colonel Bogey March has become one of the most renowned scenes in film history. Originally, however, the song was almost not used because it had some rude lyrics. So, it was decided to whistle it. The scenes where the march is first used seem to foreshadow other coming events. The P.O.Ws march past \\"the graveyard\\" and the hospital where the sick are kept. They are like new recruits marching past battle hardened veterans as they go to war. Shears remarks to Corporal Weaver, \\"We're going to be a busy pair of gravediggers\\". The second time the march is used is near the end, as the gang marches across the bridge just before the commandos strike. The march, as happy as it is, is an omen of what is to come next and what happens is not always that good.  <br />\\"There's always the unexpected\\". Filmmaker John Milius (Who is interviewed on the Limited Edition DVD) once said that the commando mission in this movie is the best he has ever seen on film. Why? This movie follows \\"Murphy's Law\\" or everything that can go wrong will go wrong. The team parachutes off course and one of them gets killed. Then they have to take an alternate route because of Japanese Patrols. Then Warden gets shot because the youngest member hesitated at killing a soldier, delaying them further. However, they continue on and on. They finally reach the bridge, marveling at the quality of the structure and the apparent comradeship of the prisoners with the Japanese. They think that, from there, it's easy sailing. However, here's Murphy's Law again, for nature has some tricks up her sleeve. Also, the same officer who got Warden injured is still unprepared for killing when the moment comes.  <br />Ironically, the person who destroys the bridge is the same man who advocated its construction. Nicholson's actions, however, still spark debate to this day. Many believe that he would never do such a thing and that he must have been knocked unconscious we he did what he did. However, what about his last line \\"What have I done?\\" In my view, <BR>though he loved the bridge like it was his own child, he realizes the enormity of what he has been doing and that he must murder his child.  <br />In the end, the bridge is destroyed, but for what cost? Everyone involved is either dead or doomed to die. Their fates have been sealed. On the other hand, life has survived. The first shot we see in the movie is of a bird floating around in the sky. This represents nature's tranquillity, before it is disrupted by the machines of war. The last shot we see is of the same bird and once again is tranquillity. Only this time, it is a return to peace. Men may have kicked aside life in their quest to build and destroy the bridge, but they are just temporary visitors. Nature is a permanent resident.
B000001EEN|4.0|Thank you Pete Townsend for bringing Eric Clapton out of his seclusion.  This is one good disc which features much prime time material from Eric. Many highlights include Layla, Presence Of The Lord, Tell The Truth, and Badge. Eric sounds in good spirits considered all the drug abuse he had gone through.  The keyboards are muffled in spots and the tone of all the songs lacks some variety.  Otherwise its high quality all the way.
B00005PJ8O|5.0|Patton goes without saying as one of the best films of all time, so I won't elaborate on that.<BR>I wish to talk about thre ... bad reviews.  One gave the DVD a bad review because his DVD player on his COMPUTER would not run, another gave a bad review due to the fact that it was not fullscreen! \\"I'm sure there are some people out there that like having their screen reduced down in size but I don't and it just seems like everyone that I talk to feels the same as me.\\" Yeah Right!... you get less with fullscreen! The colors and proportions are off! Reduced in size... rubbish...   And finally, someone thought that 'The Last Days of Patton' was actually part of 'Patton'!!!  He thought he was being cheated!<BR>....<BR>BUY THIS DVD!
B00005BJ2O|1.0|Already owning the DVD and being an absolutely spectacular spectacular fan of the movie, I anxiously awaited the arrival of the soundtrack. What a stinker! The other reviews warning that what you hear in the movie is NOT what you get on this soundtrack ARE ABSOLUTELY TRUE. Buyer beware. Case in point: the splendid &quot;Come What May&quot; sequence in the movie is reduced on the soundtrack to Donny &amp; Marie styled drabble. You won't recognize &quot;Nature Boy.&quot; The CD will gather dust in my collection -- I'm just going to keep playing the DVD! Whatever happened to the days when Hollywood would release &quot;original soundtrack albums&quot;?
B00005T7I1|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was about six and have loved it ever since.  Beatty took this tough project and turned it into a dazzeling and fun film.  Lets face it, comic book films are not easy to make.  Batman, Batman Returns, and this are the only three that I really love and admire.  All the other Comic Book films failed one way or another.  The performances in Dick Tracy are all first rate.  Beatty is very good as the no-nonsense detective and Madonna is nothing short of amazing as Breathless Mahoney.  Madonna took a role that could have easily been made into a cheap sleaze but instead molded Breathless into a deep, interesting character.  Al Pacino is also wonderful as Big Boy Caprice.  This is one of his best performances in a spectacular body of work.  There is one other performance in this movie that is often overlooked which is that of Glenne Headly, who plays Tess in a way that not only shows vulnerability, but care and compassion as well.  The set direction is wonderful and the storyline is quite good.  Warren Beatty, congradulations for creating a movie that truly a joy.  This film can not be missed.  Rent it, buy it, love it!
6305428425|5.0|Alan Cumming is the Most wonderful and versatile Actor I have seen to date, and this movie proves to be no exception. His 80's Sandy Frink Is an extremely accurate portrayal Of The Typical highschool Nerd, and He manages to be Funny without berating the character. His 90's, Bill Gates-esque character is also brilliantly portrayed, persuing his beloved while silently rubbing his success in the faces of everyone at the reunion. he Manages to turn up at Every corner, making a Hillarious scene more funny, And His sensitive lusting after Michelle is enough to make any girl's Heart melt. What I really want to know was if It was really Alan Under all that make-up in the dream sequence. <br />As for the Movie as a whole, It was wonderfully  funny, albeit a little dragged out with the dream sequences, And the finishing Dance scene to \\"time after time\\" caused me to wet myself. All of the actors were great, Especially Jenine Garfalo, But Cumming's Performance blew me away. <br />See it. It'll make you all the better for it.
1573225517|5.0|The book is about Rob, a record store owner who, after breaking up with his girlfriend, reflects on his past relationships while also trying to win back his ex.  The story line is quite simple and does not sound that exciting.<br />The story itself is in fact not that lively.  What makes the book worthwhile is Rob's reflections on relationships and pop music.  I thought it perfectly described the thoughts that go through my head when I have been in situations that were similar to the ones Rob is in.  I think the book provides great insight into the mind of us males.  It has been over a year since I've read it and yet I still think about it from time to time, especially when I'm listening to certain types of music and when I'm going through relationship problems.  If you are a woman and are very puzzled about what men think, read this book and you'll have a much better understanding.  If you are a man, you'll laugh and smile at the many things you can relate to. It is a very funny and amusing book and highly entertaining.
0060194995|4.0|This story takes place over a three-year period during the Depression era, in a small fictitious town in the Southern U.S., ripe with racial prejudice. We view things through the 8 to 11 year-old eyes of the young girl Scout Finch. After the death of their mother, Scout and her older brother Jem are raised by Atticus, their almost too perfect father. (He often reminded me of Adam Trask in Steinbeck's East of Eden). You could not ask for a better, more patient, and more understanding father than Atticus. As the town's defense lawyer he takes up the case of Tom Robinson, a Negro unjustly accused of raping a white woman.<br />The resulting courtroom drama shakes the previously idyllic world of his two children, especially Scout. The children raise many legal and moral questions for Atticus, and he compells them to come to their own conclusions about the case.<br />What is brilliant about the book is how these children have a precocious understanding of justice... their very innocence and unbiased judgement points out the true horror of racial prejudice. Sitting in the courtroom, they are able to clearly understand the TRUTH that seems to elude an entire jury of adults.<br />Much more can be said in praise of this book, as there are many side-stories going on at the same time as this court case is proceeding. The timeless wonder of it all is how Harper Lee dovetails all of the other incidents to leave us with a sense of the ennobling nature of childhood. Sometimes children can look upon the effects of injustice and have their own sense of \\"justice\\" strengthened, rather than diminished. It takes great empathy and inner spirit to acheive this, but, To Kill A Mockingbird shows us that it is possible.
B000002UA0|5.0|In the beggining, it was all about Syd. In the years that followed, it would become the group, and then Roger, and then Gilmour. But, in the very beggining, Pink Floyd was Syd Barrett. Syd Barrett is one of my Rock Idols (He comes after Lennon but before Bowie), and after any given person listened to this album, they shouldn't have to ask why.<br />The songs really &quot;Shine&quot; (pardon the pun) on this album. There are a lot of different sounds on here, but none of them are annoying or overused. Just really catchy songs from the Summer of Love.<br />Standout Tracks include:<br />&quot;Astronomy Domine&quot;<BR>&quot;Lucifer Sam&quot;<BR>&quot;Matilda Mother&quot;<BR>&quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot;<BR>&quot;The Gnome&quot;<BR>&quot;The Scarecrow&quot;<BR>&quot;Bike&quot;<br />Syd Barrett is a God, and I hope one day this Crazy Diamond will be able to commmunicate with other people. Shine On.
B00003CXTF|5.0|Oh my goodness!! I saw this movie with two of my friends and it was the first time I had seen it and their like tenth.  They cried. This movie is a very well made telling of Pearl Harbor.  I think that the love triangle adds just the right finish to the story.  The bombing scenes are incredible!! The special effects were amazing!! All the actors and actresses fit perfectly!! Some reviews say that it was a cheesy and predictible movie and that it was a copy of Titanic, but I think they are very much mistaken.  This is by far the greatest movie ever created!!!
B00005LMBK|5.0|all i have to say is there the greatest band ever
B00003CXTG|5.0|I think a lot of people were disappointed with &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; because they were expecting it to be just the attack and lots of gore and fighting--more like a documentary instead of an actual Hollywood blockbuster. But it's a MOVIE--not a DOCUMENTARY, so it doesn't have to be 100% accurate! Okay? So get over it and just enjoy &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot;! Like &quot;Titanic&quot;--people were mad because the film was based around Jack and Rose's love affair rather than the actual sinking of the ship. Well, duh...what do you expect from Hollywood?!<br />&quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; was a beautiful film. The filmmaking was excellent, some of the best cinematography I've seen since &quot;Titanic&quot;. The battle sequences were awesome and superb. The acting by the entire cast--esepcially Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnett, Kate Beckinsale, and Cuba Gooding Jr., was truly great. The DVD for &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; includes some awesome special bonus features, even the Faith Hill music video, &quot;There You'll Be&quot;. I think &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; was a very underrated film. Michael Bay did a great job with the directing. I was quite pleased with the way the film turned out, and it's a nice tribute to the attack on Pearl Harbor. Reminds us of 9/11/01. The ending is sad, and if you love war epic films, then &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; is a must! Who knows--ten or twenty years from now, somebody could make a film about the attacks on 9/11/01!
B000001GXL|5.0|Oh, dear friends, after reading the reviews that preceed this minor contribution by your fair simpleton, where to begin?  LVB is a POST Classical composer, so ANYTHING goes with these radicals and thier really big bands.  Interpretation is EVERYTHING with LVB and those to come.  LVB is the king of kings in regards to emotionalism.  So, why all the hand-wringing as if these pieces were baroque pearls.  Giulini and Mich. are superb on this recording for the very reasons others cite as their flaws.  And let's face it, while this humble contributor finds Giulini's recording of LVB's 5th Symphony with the L.A. Philharmonic to be a bombastic, over-the-top, hyper-emotional vulgar-fest, that same recording is considered by MANY to be among the greatest recordings of said piece--EVER!!  Come now! Can a recording by one of the greatest conductors of LVB, Maesto Giulini, be as bad as others have suggested? NO! NO! NO!  Why some have written about this CD as if it were one of Abbado's accidental fender benders with LVB is unknown. And I do love Abbado so, but in attempting to don the lampshade, he has broken the LVB lamp itself in the process.  This performance on this CD with Giulini and Mich. is a breath of fresh air for these well known works. Agreed, the points of musicianship cited by others is accurate, but those are this CD's strengths, not weaknesses.  This CD is truly among my favoirite versions of LVB piano concertos.  My ONLY complaint: it is an ANALOG recording. However, the compromise is not enough to ruin the beauty of these performances.  I forget which, but one of the recordings is a live performance (I know, Giulini ALWAYS insisted upon live &quot;takes&quot;) for a TV broadcast.  Live performances in halls for broadcast are an additional compromise, and you will hear some instuments lost in the muddle, but DG, always the wizards of audio, still manage to make it an experience to remember.
630281474X|4.0|&quot;Horror of Dracula&quot; blew away British and American audiences in 1958.  Gone were the black and white images of Bela Lugosi slowly delivering dialogue in cobweb infested corridors.  Instead, Hammer's Count was elegant, handsome, sensual, fast, ferocious and in Technicolor!  Peter Cushing as Van Helsing was a perfect match for Christopher Lee's incomparable Count Dracula.  Although his part was much more limited than in later Hammer vampire films, Lee's presence is felt in every frame.  Lugosi may be the most famous Count Dracula, but Lee's vampire has a masculinity and sensuality that has never been surpassed (Frank Langella came close in the 1979 version with Laurence Olivier).  &quot;Horror of Dracula&quot; deserves full DVD treatment with a widescreen print and plenty of extras.  This film, on a double bill with Hammer's 1957 &quot;Curse of Frankenstein&quot; would be the most perfect Hammer DVD to date.
B00000K0E5|5.0|After a 6 year hiatus, the James Bond franchise was brought back to life by dirctor Martin Campbell (The Mask of Zorro). With Pierce Brosnan as the new Bond, the series was given a new harder edge, with great action, stunts and cool cars. Sean Bean is great as Alex Trevalyn, a former agent (006) turned enemy and Famke Janssen is the movie's female villianess. Judi Dench is brought in as the new \\"M\\" along with Samantha Bond as Moneypenny.<br />Brosnan is superb as the charming vodka martini- drinking Bond, with witty lines and he takes the character away from the coldness of Timothy Dalton. The action ante is upped considerably from the lacklustre Licence to Kill (1989), with some great set-pieces including tanks, trains and of course, big bangs. It is a Bond film after all, and the action is riddled with witty one-liners. Add a stomping title-track from Tina Turner, sharp editing courtesy of  Terry Rawlings and Desmond Llewelyn as \\"Q\\", who has starred in every Bond film except Dr NO (1962) and Live and Let Die (1973). Arguably the best bond film, it is most certainly the biggest.
B00003CXTG|5.0|This movie had great battle scenes.Some lines were a bit out of place.Pearl Harbor has some outstanding effects,a decent story,and is well worth seeing in the theaters.I liked it so much I bought the DVD
B000003TA4|5.0|This is a great cd. The lyrics have a lot of meaning in the songs. Although I prefer in Utero for its roughness and even DEEPER meaning to its songs, this is still a great  5 star cd and one of the best cds ever. I will rate the song.<br />Smells Like Teen Spirit - A- - This is the most popular song, but come on, after the millionth time, it gets boring, you don't listen to it, you listen to it three months later, and its great again... Whoah thats one long run on...sorry.<br />In Bloom- A - Good song with a good meaning. I love the harmony in the bass and guitar<br />Come as You Are- B- Nice slow song. Good, but not the best. However, everyone else who likes Nirvana says this is their favorite song on the album. So you should definitly check it out.<br />Breed- B- - Eh, its ok, but it gets boring after a while.<br />Lithium A -What a great song. That bass riff is awesome.<br />Polly- B+ - never was a big fan of acoustic until this hit me. It is a great song. Notice how the opening sounds like Lithium?<br />7 Territorial Pissings - A+ - Old School Punk fest. Ignore the beginning, this is one great energetic song.<br />8. Drain You- A+ -This is my favorite song. I dunno what that otehr guy was talking about, this doesn't sound like SLTS. I love the guitar and the drums, and the bass provides a nice undertone.<br />9- Lounge Act- C -This is one boring song man. I really didn't like the tune or anything, but the bass is great so that kepti t off a D.<br />10-Stay Away - A -Great Song. I love the way teh guitar switches and the way the bass seems to ad lab. Dave's lightining quick drums also help out.<br />11- On a Plain- A -This is a really nice upbeat mellow song. I like it alot. Pretty catchy tune.<br />12- Something in the Way B- -You need to give this one a chance to grow on you. I hated it at first, then i knida hateed, then it was ok, andnow its a little above average.
B00003CXTG|2.0|Sick and shallow,Pearl Harbor might have been a better film with more guts and less gloss.Don't go expecting a history lesson and don't go expecting another Titanic.The love story was banal
B0000027RL|3.0|Ok, I'll admit this right now, I loved Nirvana and thought Pearl Jam was a little to much corporate.<br />You can't compare these two bands just because they're both from Seattle. Listen up, Nirvana was much more punkish and raw, and to be honest, more original, but thats not the point.<br />These are two different bands with two different motives and different meanings and insperations in their songs. Got it?
B00003CXTG|5.0|This movie had good actors,nice action scenes.This movie has something for everybody.This movie was too long,but I encourage you to see it.
0380730367|5.0|I was really wowed by this novel, the first I have read by Dennis Lehane. I really enjoyed the characters as well--Boston P.I. Patrick McKenzie, his trenchcoat wearing boyhood friend and gun runner Bubba Rogowski and his former partner Angie Gennaro, who grandfather is with the italian mob.<br />McKenzie is hired by Karen Nichols to stop a stalker. McKenzie and Bubba deliver a not so subtle threat/beating and all seems well. Mc Kenzie does not have time to return a second call from Nichols and the next time he hears about her is about her suicide on the news. Feeling guilty that he should have responded earlier, McKenzie starts investigating a bizzare case of psychological warfare, blackmail and murder that is fascinating and chilling all at once. There are lots of bad guys, including Nichols heartless parents and step brother.  All is not what it seems in this broad conspiracy of evil. When the identity of the villain is revealed, the warfare becomes very personal, with the fight to the death.<br />Compelling,scary, and  hard-to-put down, Prayers for Rain is not to be missed!!!!
B00003CXTG|4.0|On screen chemistry,amazing Fx's,manipuldtive yet affective tug on emotions.It has some Hokey dialogue,storyline is too diffuse,poor ending.
0930289528|5.0|No more needs be said about the brilliance of Moore as a writer and the power of this novel to demonstrate that comics are not just for children. I wanted to take a moment to point out a number of parallels to Ayn Rand's famous novel, Atlas Shrugged. Just as no one knows who V is or what he wants, no one knows who John Galt was or what he wanted. Just as Galt announced he, one man, was going to (as the back cover says) \\"stop the motor of the world, and did\\", so V, one individual, brings an end to the fascist state he finds himself in. Just as Galt's final determiniation to act stemmed from refusing to agree to the self-immolation of working in the Starnes' 20th century factory, so too V was formed by a decision to escape from the more literal immolation awaiting him in the fascist concentration camp in which he found himself.    Ironically, because Rand was an advocate of limited government and hated that many of her followers advocated anarchy, it is V more than Galt who is true to her view of human freedom and the importance of fighting for your beliefs against the world. Several political philosophers argue that Rand's ethical and epistemological positions lead not to limited government, but to anarchy, in an anarchocapitalist mode. Although Moore's sentiments are more leftish, his artistic skills present an anarchist view entirely consistent with libertarianism. Anarchy is not chaos, as V clearly noted. Atlas and V are two shining examples of novels devoted to the importance of personal freedom and individual autonomy.
B00003CXTG|5.0|This movie embodies every aspect of a outstanding film.It is devestatingly sad.Pearl Harbor is the best and will blow Titanic out of the water.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I never regretted buying this one, only that my ex kept it when I left!  So I'm buying it again, from the same place.  If you like John Williams, or Star Wars, or both, this is the perfect choice to keep the experience going.
B00003CXTG|5.0|Panned by critics and sometimes loved or hated by some folk.I must say this is such a great and amazing Epic from Jerry Bruckheimer and company.Ben Affleck and Josh Hartnett are two flying-obsessed childhood friends who enlist in the Army Air corps in early 1941,and the nurse falls for Affleck goes to UK to serve on the RAF is shot down,the Nurse with Hartnett begin their own romance,but the trio is then reunited at the US.Military base at Pearl Harbor before the day of infamy.Entetaining three-hour epic with action.
B00003CX5P|2.0|it IS star wars, and thats the only thing keeping it from getting one star. it looks like star wars, even feels like it sometimes, but kindergarten-choice of characters and dialogue relegate this to the realm of \\"after school special\\" ... on nickelodeon. all the special effects in the world dont make up for the fact that a clown like jar jar has a MAJOR role in what was supposed to be the biggest motion picture event in ALL OF HISTORY!! its the equivalent of starring teletubbies in phantom of the opera. the only good part was the pod race. the rest was overwhelmingly UNDERwhelming, up to and including the climactic fight scene at the end. by that point the power rangers could have made an appearance and it wouldnt have made a difference. in fact, that shouldve been included as an honest gesture.. openly admitting what the audience already knew about the quality of this miserable flop of a monumental disgrace.    the worst part is.. you have to watch it, cuz its star wars. but thats what rentals are for. i wont be purchasing this dvd.
B00003CXTG|5.0|This movie had lots of wartime action and chaos.It was too long and had too many plots.Even if you know how it'll turn out,this movie is still worth seeing.
B000000W6X|5.0|I love Massive Attack. Their music is dark and foreboding. &quot;Blue Lines&quot; introduced the world to Tricky as well as established itself as a timeless classic. &quot;Mezzanine&quot; really brought trip hop to the forefront on the US music scene. In between &quot;Blue Lines&quot; and &quot;Mezzanine&quot; is &quot;Protection&quot;. &quot;Protection&quot; is an underlooked and underrated album filled with some of my personal favorite songs from the talented UK trip hop group. I loved the title track from the moment I first saw the music video for the song on MTV pre-TRL. &quot;Protection&quot; is simply classic Tracey Thorn. Her vocals just makes me melt. There is something about her voice that I find comforting and reassuring. She does an outstanding job on this song. I immediately fell in love with &quot;Karmacoma&quot; within a matter of seconds. I love hearing the group's reggae influences ring out through the entire song. &quot;Weather Storm&quot; is a gorgeous instrumental. I could hear Craig Armstrong's influence throughout the entire track. Just a beautiful song that will haunt me for years to come. The production of this album is as raw as &quot;Blue Lines&quot; and &quot;Mezzanine&quot;, maybe even more so (in my opinion). Their cover of The Door's &quot;Light My Fire&quot; is quite compelling and unique. Is it better than the original? I diddn't think so but it is just as good. After listening to &quot;Protection&quot;, I have to say this album has to be my personal favorite of the three Massive Attack albums that I own (at least until the new album comes out).
B00003CXTG|5.0|This movie had great special effects and a good story.It was just too long.I'd watch it for the attack and for the story.
B000023VR6|3.0|It is good and all thaaat.  Buuut, nobody comes close to Master P when it comes to hardy core jiggy ghetto g money crazay rhyming.  Dre is oookay, but he needs some worrrk, to be the master of this game like Afroman or Jinx Da Juvy.<BR>Peace Nizzels!<BR>-Steve
B00003CXTG|5.0|Brillantly shot.Wrenches the heart with its good writing,enhanced with better acting.It's a little Disneyized,first half from writers of \\"Sunset Beach\\".
B000002OX7|5.0|Essential recording from the Who during a highly-formative period of the band's evolution. The songs on this disc still resonate, 30 years after.
B00003CXTG|5.0|Just old enough to renember the 40's anjd the etnics of those days...renembering also my father's words.The movie gives a flash back to the abundant courage and stamina of the depression kids...that generation saw it all and lived it all...why not just enjoy it for the robust chemistry it is.
B00000J2L8|5.0|Those who lived through the peak Cold War years, circa 1958 - 1970, will recognize much in this wickedly-acid satire. For those who did not, suffice it to say this film is an absolute work of genius.
B00003CXTG|4.0|Pearl Harbor is an event movie that treats its subject matter with dignity while never losing an opportunity to entertain royally and slickly.
B00005RHGK|4.0|This movie was great,to me it was a combination between pure monster horror,relationship between brothers and a thriller.<BR>the movie kept my interests till the very end of it, the best thing i liked about the movie was that the makers made the movie in a way that along the movie you get more information and knoledge about the \\"creeper\\", who is he,what is he etc...<br />*i gave it 4 stars and not 5 because the end was very dipressing and left a bitter and sad thoughts in my hed...<br />DONT LET ANYONE TELL YOU ABOUT THE END OR THE CREEPER!!!!...<br />P.S: some very good special material are included!
B00003CXTG|4.0|This movie is moving,shocking and well handled.It's nearly three hours long.
B000053VAF|5.0|THE CATHOLIC CHURCH WOULD HAVE KEVIN SMITHS HEAD ON A PLATTER IF<BR>THEY COULD. THE MOVIE GIVES A CERTAIN SOMEBODYS VIEWS ON THE CATHOLIC RELIGION AND AT THE SAME TIME IS EXTREMELY FUNNY.DOGMA IN MY OPINION IS THE BEST SMITH MOVIE SO FAR BEN AFFLECK AND MATT DAMON PLAY TWO ANGELS SENT BACK FROM HEAVEN FOR BEING BAD.JAY AND SILENT BOB PLAY TWO PROPHETS TRYING TO STOP BEN AND MATT FROM REENTERING THE GATES OF HEAVEN  WITH A CLEAN SLATE.NEED I SAY MORE FOR WHAT THE TWO CARMING DUO'S GET THEMSELVES INTO   <BR>           BRIAN  BINDER
B00003CXTG|3.0|The effects were good but thye only are around for less than a third of the movie.The other two thirds are filled with uninspired romances,some real gasping attempts at humor,and generally poor script writing.
B000002MY3|4.0|I was at the take-away the other day, eating some pizzas with some MTVs blaring in the background and suddenly i heard the most honest voice i've ever heard doing a rendition of Unchained Melody. I instantly looked up and it was Gareth Gates(UK's pop idol runner-up), and what happened was my ears automatically shut off. I was shocked at this, that it has become second nature to me not listen to anything too poppy and supossedly manufactured. I quickly wondered have i become like those people whom i look at disdain, who quickly dismisses anything which is poppy, who does not like groups or singers just because they are mainstream. Shocked, shelled and jerked at knowing i've become someone whom i hate(with regards to quick dismissal of artists) i quickly went back home, and started digging out all those 'mainstream' CDs which i've got a long time ago. And this was the first one i popped in, and was i showered with such beautiful melodies.<br />All I Really Want kicks off, and its an excellent track. I love the voice mashed in with the keyboard giving a metallic rasp to her already metallic voice. Then there's You Oughta Know, which is so honest and sincere. Listening through the album, i realised i was so familiar with the tracks, although i have not listen to it in years. The melodies really stuck with me throughout the years when i was foraying into more obscure stuff(not really obscure, just not popular currently ie sonic youth, velvet underground)<br />This album is laden with good melodies, capturing the feel of bittersweetness pretty well ( ironic, hand in my pocket )<br />I shall not ignore this excellent album anymore!
B00003CXTG|4.0|Three hours of Ben Affleck and Josh Hartnett is great.I fell in love with them.The film dragged on slightly in places.
B000021YQV|5.0|System Of A Down, the greatest band EVER, have yet another great album. Their songs cover issues such as the prison system, the brutality of riot police and many others. It's interesting to just sit back with them blasting on your Discman, while you read the lyrics. You'll probably start making up your own song meanings (I know a lot of people that have done that), and you might actually look at current issues in a different way.
B00000ING2|5.0|\\"The Hudsucker Proxy\\" is one of the movies at the top of my \\"most underrated movies of all time\\" list. Besides being a wonderfully unique creation, it features top rate performances from its two stars, Tim Robbins and Jennifer Jason Leigh.<br />A comedic love story at is core, \\"The Hudsucker Proxy\\" takes on a lot of big issues in its own quirky way. The meaning of identity, the harshness of the world, the nature of creativity, and the evil of deception are all dealt with. Providential aid comes from the least likely source.<br />Leigh's interpretation of Ms. Archer is near perfect. She is humorous, unassured, witty, and fumbling all at the same time. The same could be said of Robbins, yet everything about Norville is driven by the fumbling part of his character.<br />Newman's Sidney is a scheming heartless antagonist. He is so evil that one can almost see the slime behind his eyes. Yet even the schemes of Sidney fall short due to incompetence.<br />At this point I must also mention that the Master, Bruce Campbell, makes an appearance in \\"The Hudsucker Proxy.\\" Maybe the movie's greatest weakness is that his role is too limited. Then again, Campbell never gets enough screen time.<br />Whatever else one can say about The Coen brothers and Tim Robbins, this much is sure--they make great films. \\"The Hudsucker Proxy\\" is one of the greatest films any of them has made. I recommend it highly.
B00005LB50|1.0|One of the fascinating things about this (or any) boxed set is the information (musicians, producers, etc.) revealed about each of the recorded tunes.  Most interesting of all (to me) is the personnel on &quot;Last Time Around&quot; because it was so varied (and of course, there was no information on the LP).  For example, there are no fewer than six different bass players (including Carol Kay on the previously unreleased &quot;What a Day&quot;).  Of course, I can't say how many there actually are, because five &quot;Last Time Around&quot; tunes AREN'T IN THE BOXED SET.  Who's playing guitar on &quot;Four Days Gone&quot;?  Is it Stills overdubbing? Furay?  Oh, wait; it's one of the five (excellent) tunes from &quot;Last Time Around&quot; NOT in the boxed set.  It is extremely frustrating to be able to find out SOME of the information.  In &quot;Carefree Country Day&quot;, is Jim Messina playing an upright bass? Is someone else? Is it an upright?  And what's up with &quot;The Hour of not Quite Rain&quot;, the most incredible Furay vocal masterpiece.  Who arranged the strings?  Who played them?  Was &quot;Carefree Country Day&quot; left off the boxed set because Jim Messina wrote it?  because he sang it?  Was he not an actual member of the band?  Why would two of Stills' finest works be left off (&quot;Pretty Girl Why&quot;, and &quot;Four Days Gone&quot;)?<br />I can't understand how people (other reviewers) can dismiss the importance or quality of &quot;Last Time Around&quot;.  Sure, it wasn't a group effort by the original five members, but it was the outcome of a herculean effort by Jim Messina and Richie Furay to salvage some outstanding material and meet the band's commitment to the label.  (I might add that it was my personal favorite of their 3 albums; it might be thought of as the first, and perhaps best, &quot;Poco&quot; album.)  I'm stunned by how badly this set was executed.  I am submitting this review as my futile attempt to bring the average rating down.
B000001DTM|5.0|Despite the somewhat gimmicky \\"Zoo TV\\" era that ensued following the Release of this album, \\"Achtung Baby\\" is one of U2's best recordings. The songs have stood the test of time. It is, in my opinion, one of the best CD's to come out of the 90's.<br />The most famous songs here are the radio-friendly \\"One\\" and \\"Mysterious Ways.\\" Yet some of the greatest tunes never got airplay. \\"The Fly\\" is a lyrical masterpiece about the frailty of human love. \\"Trying to Throw Your Arms Around the World\\" ranks as one of U2's \\"deepest\\" pieces of musical experimentation. \\"Love is Blindness\\" is my favorite song on the disc.<br />All the songs here explore the divide between reality and appearance in love and rejection. There is a darkness to the songs of Achtung Baby that was not present in the earlier works of U2. The addition of this facet to their music has made them more mature as artists over the years. Yet, for better or worse, this darker outlook has never again reached the pure, undistilled heights it did in Achtung Baby.<br />\\"Achtung Baby\\" is a more than solid five-star album. I give it my highest recommendation.
B00003CXI1|5.0|The movie was a little different from the book but i thought it was still the bomb! I wouldn't change a thing on it. I am a big HP fan, but i dont have all the colletor's items. I got the books not to long after they came out. I had a feeling that the book would be a smash hit, and i was right. If the books were a hit i'd expect the same from the movie.I love HP so much that the name gets me hyper. Nothing can change my mind about the movie or books.
0971855110|5.0|I love this book!!  FlyLady uplifts your spirts with her down-to-earth advice about homemaking (as opposed to housekeeping).  Her methods are rooted in real life, and they are presented with a positive attitude that is infectious.  And there is just enough bossiness thrown in to get you moving!  FlyLady simply wants us to start where we are, dump perfectionism, get moving, and work towards establishing routines that will bless our families and ourselves.  Her system is fun, and there is a spirit of community that is both motivating and affirming.  I am a psychologist, and FlyLady's understanding of human nature and human needs is both deep and wide.  She invites us all to Finally Love Yourself -  so come FLY with her.
0553812173|4.0|So much praise has been heaped upon this novel, that it seems trivial for me to add me comments. So I'll try to highlight some things that really haven't been mentioned.<br />Firstly, I'll second a lot of the endorsements and criticisms people have about GotM. The plot is great, it's fast and exciting and keeps you guessing. The characters are solid (although, Deadhouse Gates - the second novel - is much better in this aspect). Most importantly, for a fantasy novel, the invention is truly grand and inspiring. The faults have been well noted. Magic is undeveloped, and seems to merely be for fireworks and to dig the plot out of holes. A lot of necessary knowledge is left undisclosed (much of which is made known in the third novel Memories Of Ice). This tends to get annoying, rather than mysterious.<br />The thing I would like to note about the novel, is that for all the comparisons made to Martin, these two writers are very different. Martin is full of court treachery and intrigue, and tends to read more as medieval history. Erikson is more about ancient secrets, the bleak reality of a war torn world, and the unfathomable motivation of gods. As much as Erikson tried to emphasise the reality of the situation, the atmosphere of the novel is much more akin to the brooding nature of Donaldson, and also the magic of Jordan/Tolkien. The dialogue is also quite good, with some moments reminding me of the exquisite banter in Eddings' work.<br />My biggest gripe with the novel is in an early scene with a massive pyrotechnic display of sorcery. Erikson reduces his descriptions to 'a wave of sorcery' which is extremely disconcerting. He shows remarkable verbosity throughout the novel, but here he shamefully lets himself down with such a poor explanation of the magic. 'Sorcery' just doesn't explain anything. Perhaps that was the point, but it comes across as very lacklustre. <br />In short, I'll say that Gardens Of The Moon is a very good, but not great book. However, I'd have tosay that it comes with my highest recommendation, purely because Deadhouse Gates and Memories Of Ice are truly brilliant. Can't wait for book four.
B000001IPL|5.0|This CD is punkrock at its best. It will make you smile with its humor, and appreciate its great guitar from &quot;noodles&quot; and greg k,<BR>fast a-- drums from (I forget his name, but he's good), and of course, Dexter Holland's passionate vocals. I think lists are boring, so listen to the samples to find out about the songs. Basically, this CD roocks, and is a departure from the pop influences in Americana and Conspiricy of One.
B000002KHH|5.0|While Black Sabbath's first four albums are a roadmap to the holy grail of heavy rock, fans will be quick to point out that -- as of early 2001 -- Warner Bros. has yet to give Black Sabbath's early releases a proper restoration and a thorough remastering. <br />Despite not receiving its props, Paranoid, Black Sabbath's 1970 sophomore release, remains a thundering thwack of vintage metal. Ozzy Osbourne's multi-tracked vocals are both scary and superb on the classic \\"Iron Man,\\" and the rhythm section of Bill Ward (drums) and Terry \\"Geezer\\" Butler (bass) alternate between sounding lackadaisical and totally sharp. <br />It's Black Sabbath's subtlety and elementary riffs on tracks such as \\"Jack the Ripper/Fairies Wear Boots\\" and \\"Electric Funeral\\" that make the group seem almost too simple, yet totally heavy. And 30 years after the release of Paranoid, Black Sabbath's influence continues to be heard in others' music
B000002J1H|5.0|Un titulo apropiado, para el ultimo momento grandioso de YES como banda, este disco significo el regreso del controversial pero muy querido Rick Wakeman, uno de los musicos mas famosos dentro del movimiento progresivo y con el que esta banda grab sus albumes mas clebres como Close To The Edge o Fragile.Si todos recordarn, Wakeman se autoexilio del grupo, inconforme con su ultimo trabajo con la banda, osea el controversial Tales, y que despues de esa ruptura Rick se dedic a una carrera de solista la cual al momento aun existe y que lo hizo recorrer el mundo artistico con gran reconocimiento por la critica. Quizas mencione tanto esto porque este disco significo el regreso del hijo prodigo de la banda, porque aunque el seor Wakeman no lo reconozca Yes lo catapult a la fama. Para mucho el mejor disco del grupo, y ademas que contiene la mejor cancion Awaken, tema obligado por siempre en todos los conciertos de la banda, y que ha sido ejecutada por varios tecladistas que han sido parte del grupo, PERO JAMAS interpretada como lo hizo Wakeman por lo que este disco tiene su estilo inconfudible que se fusiona al del resto de la banda. Despues de esto todo fue olvidable para esta fantastica agrupacion, porque aunque grabaron Tormato, nunca mas se les reconoci desde el punto de vista artistico otra produccion de esta calidad, a pesar de los esfuerzos que ha hecho la banda, y a pesar de la epoca oscurantista del grupo durante los aos ochenta pero que fue salvada parcialmente por Jon Anderson y Steve Howe al darse cuenta del significado de este grupo para miles de seguidores en el mundo entero.
B000002JS6|5.0|AC/DC's Back in Black might be the only memorial album in history with tracks titled \\"Given the Dog a Bone,\\" \\"Have a Drink on Me,\\" and \\"Hells Bells.\\" That Back in Black was a tribute to the band's fallen lead singer, the inimitable Bon Scott -- a booze hound and skirt-chaser of the highest order with a devilish throat-shredding shriek -- justifies its seemingly non-mournful content. At least the album's jacket was black, right? <br />When Scott died from alcohol-related causes just as AC/DC was to begin recording its follow-up to Highway to Hell in early 1980, most saw it as a death knell for the hard-working, hard-partying Australian band. AC/DC, meanwhile, saw its loss as a chance to triumph in the face of severe adversity. Triumph it did, with 10 songs that featured little refinement to its barroom-ready brand of boogie and heavy metal thunder and a new singer cut from the same average joe cloth as Scott, but who packed a rot-gut growl all his own: Brian Johnson. <br />Just like Scott, Johnson was more raw-throated shouter than singer, and deeply schooled in the blues. His voice was the perfect compliment to the three-chord romps of Angus and Malcolm Young, whose riffage owed more to Chuck Berry and Little Richard's pioneering rock efforts than the heavy metal buffoons they were sharing space with in Creem and Hit Parader. <br />As always, the bottom end was anchored by the bone-dry thud of bassist Cliff Williams and drummer Phil Rudd, whose simplistic grooves lent an unmistakably from-the-groin air to such tracks as \\"Let Me Put My Love into You\\" (next to \\"The Jack,\\" the closest AC/DC has ever come to a ballad) and \\"Roll and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution.\\" <br />Johnson made his presence felt immediately, summoning pure evil on the opening \\"Hells Bells\\" (\\"you're only young but you're gonna die\\"... \\"Satan's coming for you\\") and warning the little girls (\\"got my gun at the ready, and I fire at will\\") in \\"Shoot to Thrill.\\" The band damn near stepped into R&B territoryon the aforementioned come-hither grind of \\"Let Me Put My Love into You\\" and even accidentally cracked the top 40 with the infectious rock anthem for the ages, \\"You Shook Me All Night Long.\\" <br />That AC/DC not only carried on following the death of Bon Scott, but roared back to life with what is easily one of the 10 best hard rock albums of all time, just might be one of rock's all-time greatest success stories. At the very least, Back in Black is the ultimate Saturday night rock album.<br />This Album remind me of the good of bars fight and millions of willd nights! The good old 80s
B00005QW5X|5.0|An inspirational fairy tale for anybody who's ever made a bad decision or for anybody who's ever had to start over after the failure of a relationship. Songs so archetypal that they sound familiar the first time you hear them.  You'll be humming.... &quot;Put on some make-up....&quot;
0312958455|5.0|Harry Bosch is in his fourties and a temporarily suspended LAPD homicide officer when he decides to take on the most important case of his career: solving the more than 30 years old murder of his mother. Illegally using the name of his direct superior, who was the reason for his suspension in the first place, he takes the old file from the archives and starts his investigation. And apparently he is raking up quite some mud, because before long people start dying. And all the while Harry has to decide whether it is worthwhile what he is doing: will it help him to cope with the past?<br />This book blends the description of a thorough and creative investigation with a lot of action plus an insight into the psychology of a man whose mother was killed when he was a teenager. One of the best of the Harry Bosch series of thrillers.
B00005JKYS|4.0|Good movie.  If you like action, a good story line and enjoy seeing someone beat the odds, this is for you.  The movie is  about war but there's limited graphic gore.  It has a great story line that shows just how tough war is on everyone.  <br />Enjoy.
0345413377|2.0|I loved the first two books in this trilogy, The Amber Spyglass was going great too, i loved it, until i read the last chapter. Words can't explain my dissapointment at the ending, everything i was anticipating happened, and then went down the toilet when i read the ending. Overall i was dissapointed with this book, though it was very good until the last chapter.
B000002U6E|2.0|In your recent review of \\"The Best Enigma Album Of All Time\\", I would have to seriously dissagree with your choice. When it comes the the purest thought of pure erotic,neurotic,and sexually stimulating musical lust, nothing beats the very first Enigma CD-MCMXCAD.I call it \\"My personal Viagra on Opium\\" When the ladies hear its continuous mix of monk chants and hypnotic sexual overtones, just hope your ready for some serious \\"lust making\\", oops, I meant \\"love making\\". You Pick.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Well. I just loved Jagged Little Pill but when this album was released I didnt really go out and just bought it. I just overlooked the album somehow. Maybe because the single THANK U didnt get to me. But now I really like the song. And I bought the album about a year after it was first released. I put it into my Cd player but then I just gave up after the first song. I had already heard some negative review about the album and Jagged Little Pill fans will be disapointed so i threw this one on my shelf and started listening to something else. Then one day I sat down and listened to it. I was stunned. This cd is great. It containes 17 powerful and great songs. She is now calmer and wiser and the album is easier in away than Jagged Little Pill. But what I think that she had done was she released the wrong single at the wrong time. She released Thank U and became a huge hit but a lot of fans didnt like it and after hearing her say about her album being a lot different people didnt buy it and thats why it didnt sell as much as Jagged Little Pill. But there are some hard songs on here and all of the songs on the entire album are good. If you dont have it. Buy it. This cd is wonderful it may even be a little better than Jagged Little Pill
B00005ATQ9|4.0|&quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; seems to have taken a back seat to films such as &quot;2001&quot; and &quot;a Clockwork Orange&quot; whenever the subject of &quot;great&quot; SK films is raised. That is unfortunate because I believe this an excellent film  in just about every respect:  a compelling and witty story (it's really a comedy more than anything else), beautiful sets and locations, costumes and lush cinematography  are among its many delights. Despite the three hour length and relaxed pacing Kubrick's assured direction and the strong performances preclude any sense of boredom. I saw and enjoyed this film when it was released in 1975 and enjoyed it even more in 2002. I'm only sorry I waited so long to see it again. The DVD remastering is superb-everything looks clear and vibrant. My only quibble is with the score which won an Oscar for &quot;best adapted score&quot;. Kubrick's one great weakness IMO is that he seemed to think that his recurrent practice of  stitching together bits of classical music (i.e. &quot;2001&quot; et al)  was superior to hiring a professional composer to produce  tailor made scores-  and this already great film could have been greater still, had he hired John Williams, Alex North, Jerry Goldsmith or any number of other fine composers to enhance &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot;.<BR>Highly Recommended
B000002MY3|5.0|Wow!. This cd is amazing I have owned it for 5 years and I still listen to it. I am a Man . Dont Let the name fool you it is my mothers she let me do this. And I love this cd. So what she is talking about hating men in some songs. At least she lived trhough it. A lot of other female artist tell about it and they are just singing it because it is in fasion these days. But she is singing it from the heart and the lyrics are great. And of course not all the songs here are like that You Learn and Head Over Feet both became a top 5 hits. And A lot of the songs there dealing with personal familys issues, love , friendship , humanity and the music is great too. My favourite track on this is probably #12 Wake Up. The song could have been a #1 hit. This album is indeed a winner and no wonder it sold around 28 milion copies worldwide (I am not saying that sale matters). But it is a good thing that an alternative album got so good ariplay. If you dont have this cd. Buy it now.
B000002H33|5.0|Master Of Puppets is easily my favourite Metallica album. It was released in 1986 contained no singels nor videos but reached platinum because there were so many who talked about this album. the album has now sold more than 5 milion in the USA and there is no wonder why. The songs and the lyrics are powerful. The playing is excellent and guitar riffs, the bass , drums and James Hettfield voice is a good mixture. This is a great Heavy Metal album which was a test of its time. If you dont have it buy it know. Its a shame that Cliff Burton had to die.
B00001OH7P|5.0|Wow!. David Bowie is genius. This breaktrhough album of his (Hunky Dory was a kinda breakthrough but this was more sucess) is pobably one of his best recordings he has ever done and probably one of the best albums of all time. He brings out a different sound than Hunky Dory did. More 70s rock on this and more glam and a little more mainstream. But this album is so good that I suggest everybody to go to the store and buy it because it is so good. And I hope youll buy the Rykodisc because it has 5 more extra tracks on it which is a great to have as wel. Thank You
0345413377|5.0|I have just finished reading the third and final book of the \\"His Dark Materials\\" trilogy. It was by far the best book in the trilogy and the best book I've ever read for that matter. <BR>     <BR>There was only one problem that I could find with it. If the angels above all else wanted a body, that would mean that they could not touch yet you see them doing just that. <BR>     <BR>Anyway, I have no clue as to what to do next. I have tried to start reading a few other books after this one and I just can't do it. I know that they will not even come close to matching the excellency of this novel. <BR>     <BR>I am not recommending that you read this book; I'm ordering you to read it. So go out and buy this book NOW!!!
6304602979|4.0|I couldn't read all 100 reviews, but wanted to make sure someone mentioned the other great actors in this picture. Anybody spot chameleon actor James Gandolfini (the Sopranos, the Mexican, the Last Castle, Get Shorty) as Virgil, the mob guy who beats up (I mean beats up) Alabama? If you blink, you'll miss Samuel L. Jackson's appearance. And that's Chris Penn (not Sean as someone mentioned) as Nicky Dimes, and Tom Sizemore (Big Trouble, Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down), as Cody. I also didn't see anyone mention Bronson Pinchot, who's quirky character Elliot sort of bookends Serge, the character he played in Beverly Hills Cop. Finally, let's not forget Saul Rubinek (The Family Man, Rush Hour 2, 1000 other movies) as Lee. My point is this picture doesn't just work because of Q.T.s script or Tony Scott's direction, but because they assembled ALL the right people to play the parts, big and small.
B00000JMOJ|3.0|Smart and intriguing concept (based on a novella by Stephen King's alter ego Richard Bachman) buried in a sea of horrible puns (\\"Give you a lift?\\"), wild and crazy action set pieces, day-glow jumpsuits, cheesy acting (\\"It's about code of the gladiators!\\"), celebrity cameos (Mic Fleetwood and future Govenor Jesse Ventura?  No way!) and of course there's AHH-nold.  Aforementioned plot tells of a future where a police state keeps the masses in line by supplying their daily need for a violent outlet with a sadistic gameshow called \\"The Running Man,\\" where enemies of the state compete for their very lives, by squaring off against some nasty thugs that make the WCW look like the puppets on Mr. Roger's Neighborhood.  Wrongfully convicted Ben Richards (Schwarzenegger) escapes from prison only to be caught again while in the company of a network employee (Alonso, whose full name, along with Armand Assante's, just screams to be read aloud by a dramatic-voiced preview narrator).  Long story short: Richards, his new \\"girlfriend,\\" and the two guys who helped him escape from prison (including the always enjoyable Yaphett Koto) are now playing the game.  As predictable as you would think, but the film has some genuinely decent acting (yes, even Arnold does a good turn), especially Richard \\"Family Fued / Hogan's Heroes\\" Dawson, who gleefully roasts the image of a self-absorbed celebrity with power over millions, and manages to deliver a great retort to Arnold's infamous \\"I'll be back\\" line (I won't spoil it for those not in the know).  Yes, with chainsaws to groins, exploding heads, and bodies slammed against spikes this one racks up the violence, but, as Gomer Pyle might say, \\"SURPRISE, SURPRISE, SURPRISE!\\" -this film actually provokes a thought or two.  So sit back, set your brain to intermittently switch on and off at the appropriate moments, enjoy the festivities...
B000002H33|5.0|This is Metallica's greatest album by far. Although being at a young age, raised with the Black, Load, and Reload albums, this is by far my favorite. The four masterminds used their musical talents to create an album that can never be beaten. Battery is the opener with Spanish acoustics entering into a distorted overloading gallop. Not just a simple &quot;destroy your guitar&quot; song, it's well planned, written, and played at the speed of light. The title track is their best song of all time. The 8 minute masterpiece combines all their talents into one song. This is one of those classics of all time. The rest explore their talents further with furious riffs and emotional solos, with the bass and drums pounding away. James Hetfield's riffs and growls fill the album's furiocity while Kirk Hammett's solos shine with charm and greatfullness. The late great Cliff Burton's bass can be heard charging throughout the album, especially in his solo on &quot;Orion&quot;. Lars Ulrich's pounding drives the rest of the band with speed or thoughtful pondering. After this album, the band went more commercial and the heavy metal feeling got lost after &quot;Metallica&quot;. I can't go one day without listening to this album, and I urge you get this, Metallica's greatest that will never see the light of day again. <BR>R.I.P. Cliff Burton 1962-1986 - Your influences on music have influenced me greatly
B00005221L|4.0|Traditionally labelled as Action, this movie is more about suspense, as we spend a lot of time in the jungle with seven commandos who are trying to figure out exactly what it is out there that's trying to kill them, giving it an air of seriousness not often found in Schwarzenegger's films (the original Conan and Terminator films being the only other exceptions).  For this, let us give thanks to director McTiernan, who, on his first studio film, takes plot, characters, and visuals to a nice plateau.  The fear and suspense are genuinely felt, and, for once at least, the corny one liners (\\"STEECK around!\\") seem gladly out place.  Helping this process along is the score by Alan Silvestri, which, at times, also conveys a heartfult sense of loss at the death of a comrade.  Of course, it's not with out it's \\"giggle-snort-chuckle\\" moments, when, for example, old buddies Arnold and Weathers first see each other, their handshake becomes a protracted not-so-subliminal advertisement for steroids (\\"What's the matter Dillon?  CIA got you POOSHING too many pencils?\\"), or when Arnold delivers one of his greatset bon-mots of carefully reasoned thinking: \\"If it bleeds...  We can KEELL it!\\"  But if you can forgive it for it's decidely AHH-nold style B-movie trappings, you're bound to get a kick and a half out of this one.
B00005JKHP|5.0|I've always fundamentally liked STAR TREK: THE MOTION PICTURE on its own terms (separate from being a STAR TREK movie).  It's actually about something thematically.  This new cut is extremely successful.  I recommend it highly.
0792844890|4.0|Brooks is able, in a way that his parody film-maker rivals the Zucker Bros. aren't, to infuse what would otherwise be an odd collection of parody sketches with a halfway decent set of enjoyable characters that you can get behind as they galavant thier way through the story.  Said story involves a plot by the evil Spaceballs to kidnap a princess and force her father to give them all of his planet's clean air.  The only hope: hire a rogue named Lone Star to save the day.  You get the definite sense that everyone enjoyed making this film a great deal, especially Rick Moranis who steals the movie as a diminutive Darth Vader clone aptly named Dark Helmet.  As he switches between a whiny burocrat and a deep voiced dictator, he mines every opportunity for comedy, including one of the film's highlights: the evil Dark Lord playing with his toys in his room, complete with different voices for each action figure, a scene Moranis improvised.  The film does, of course, have it's share of sexual inferences (\\"That was my Virgin Alarm.  It's programmed to go off before you do!\\"), racial and political one-liners (\\"I can't make decisions: I'm a President!\\"), prop and visual comdey (Dom Deluise plays a charcater made entirely out of pizza), and some more traditional \\"set-up\\" jokes and puns (\\"What's the matter, Col. Sanders?  CHICKEN?\\") but all work toward the same goal: tickling your funny bone raw (don't worry, it won't hurt...  much).  This is NOT Shakespeare, so don't look for it here, just pay your respects by laughing as much as possible.<br />DVD NOTES: Normally I don't like animated menus, but the designers of this disc got into the spirit of the movie and came up with a fun set of option screens to view.  Commentary by Brooks is decent, as long as you can appreciate his need to thank ABSOLUELY EVERYONE who worked on this film.  A good deal all around.
B00003CXXP|5.0|I just watched this movie with my 11 year old daughter. She and I both cried(especially her). I am beyond words. I understand why this wasn't a major hit with it's length( almost 2.5 hours ) and uneven storyline but that's what's so hard about telling a masterpiece.. They have to cram it into 2.5 hours and it just isn't long enough.  This should have been a 4 hour movie with an intermission at the half way point. Anyway all the other 4-5 star reviewers nailed it.. unbelievable graphics, Hally Joel Osmont put a better performance than he did in The Sixth Sense and didn't an oscar nom for this one.. shame. Highly recommend this movie.
0767802470|5.0|I just saw the director's cut of Das Boot. This is the best WWII submarine movie I have seen. If you want to get the best  authenticity, opt for the German language with English subtitles. It gives the movie more realism. From beginning to end it accurately showed the conditions that these men went through. The bordom, the restlessness, to panic stricken fear.  The only drawbacks the film suffers in,is the depth charge scenes, and the lack of more enemy engagement. The depth charge scenes were the same scene repeated over and over again. Apparently the exact same shot was used for the depth charge scenes,and not well done. I also expected a little more battle scenes in an over three hour movie. Still it is an outstanding movie, that anyone that likes WWII movies, will enjoy.
B00000I3JM|5.0|I was one of the few in the U.S. who bought A WALK ACROSS THE ROOFTOPS when it was released in 1983. Critics loved it, most everyone else ignored it. I could not believe what was coming off the spinning vinyl ... it is without category. It is not a party album, it is a masterpiece of feeling. It should be remastered, to bring full life to the original. All songs are stripped down to minimum, which makes this recording one of the most unique of the 1980's. It is atmospheric, without the sonic blast placed afterward. The entire recording is one that I wish that many more people would be exposed to. No favorite tracks in this review, because they are all worth discovering. Of course \\"Tinseltown In The Rain\\" deserved radio airing, but will only be heard on supermarket muzak tapes. For the person looking for a unique musical experience, look to A WALK ACROSS THE ROOFTOPS. It is beyond automobile noise.
0395925037|5.0|'Mein Kampf' is a human document, if it is neither precisely history nor precisely literature.  It has been cruelly criticized.  Quite the most bitter things that could have been said about it have come from the side of literary rather than of political criticism.  To that extent they are negligible and beside any real point.  Hitler's mind teemed in Landsberg as it teemed since, with a multitude of urgent ideas.  It must have been of immense mental service to him to set them down, with the aid of the enthusiastic and devoted Hess, and reduce them to the order and the cogency of ink!<BR> <BR>THIS BOOK, IT SHOULD BE REMEMBERED, WAS ADDRESSED TO THE ADHERENTS OF THE ORIGINAL GERMAN WORKER'S PARTY, AND IN NO WAY APPEALED TO OPPONENTS AT HOME OR TO FOREIGNERS ABROAD.
6305078491|1.0|I suppose if this is the only way we can see Vampyr, it is better than nothing. But just barely.  First of all, there are no DVD menu of features at all, just chapter selections. So you can't choose to see the silent version but are stuck with dubbed German (unless you want to turn the sound on your t.v. off) and English subtitles. And the subtitles have been atrociously done. They appear with a black background behind them, which often blocks out a third of the image or more, and they are written in large Gothic script. How stupid! Moreover, the subtitles are not even done consistently.  If you turn the sound on your t.v. off, you miss a lot of the dialogue.  And unless you know German, you will not be able to understand it.  Additionally, when we cut to the main character reading to see what he is reading, instead of putting the subtitles on top of the original image from the film, the original film image is cut out completely and replaced with newly added footage of Gothic script alone.  The effect is totally hideous, as far as I am concerned. Clearly, a moron was in charge of DVD production here.<br />As far as the DVD image quality goes, the film print used here has not been restored, so there are frequent white blotches and scratches.<br />Vampyr completely deserves the full restoration, menu of options, and extras films like The Third Man have justly received.  It is an absolute shame such a great film has been so shoddily released on DVD.  (I assume the VHS is no better.)<BR>I hope that we see better soon.
0807282375|1.0|After reading the two preceding books of the trilogy this book belongs to, I was really excited to read the third, but after just a few pages I was already extremely disappointed with the way the story was going. Apparently the author took this opportunity to rather rashly express his religious ideas, and I found them quite offensive. The book takes an astonishingly evil turn, as demons and devils are made the heros and God himself is, in a rather offensive and disturbing way, made the villian. I must say I was very disappointed with this book. The story that was created in the first two books was very well done and amazing, they were my favorite books. A lot could have been done with this story; it's too bad it had to turn out this way.
0140067477|5.0|For those of you who, like me, are interested in philososphy but find most philosophical writings boring and overly complicated, this is the book for you. Hoff explains Taoism through the adventures of Whinnie the Pooh. If you've ever read any of A.A. Milne's novels, the style of this book should be familiar. As Hoff writes about Whinnie the Pooh and his Taoist attitude towards life, Pooh and Piglet comment on his writing and ask him questions. So how is Pooh an example of Taoism? Because he is simple-minded and unconditionally happy. Pooh lives a life of harmony because he never frets or hesitates. He simply goes with the flow, and that is what Taoism teaches. This book is a happy retreat to childhood combined with philisophical teachings that only an adult could understand. I highly recommend it.
B00005O5CM|5.0|Reese Witherspoon who plays Elle Woods in this movie plays a very good part! I think Reese is very nice!!! I like her outfits alot, they are really cool!!!!!! I think Warner is messed up alot , he needs to get fixed!!!!!!!!!!! I like Emmet, he is real nice.
0061020680|5.0|If you are new to the disc world series this is the best book to start with, since it's so funny and imagenetive that you'll be hooked for ever. You don't need to read the previous books in order to enjoy this one wich offers you a closer look into the professional and personal life ( if you can really call it a life )  of the most funny and wonderfull character in the disc world - DEATH.<BR>All of those who are alredy familiar with the disc world novels need no explaination how can the grim ripper be a funny thing, but to those of you who have yet to enter that world, you'll find out that Death is  quite an honest chap, who enjoys the finer things in life  like a drink now andthan, gardening and kittens. In order to enjoy this things more freely and with less interruption from his thriving bussiness of ushering souls into happy hunting lands, he hires an apreatnice, a boy called Mort.<BR>Of course Mort makes a fine mess of it all, and as usuall in <BR>pratchett's books it is a most enjoyable and funny catastrophe that threatends to put an end to the world, but the world doesn't end and everyone goes home happy. <BR>Also there is a  short guest appearence by Rincewind and the ape librerian we've all learned to love and cherish during the first 3 volumes of disc world novels. funny, funny stuff.<br />The common criticism concerning pratchett's writing is that he tends to recycle ideas that were at first fresh and wonderfull, but as they mature through his endless books, becomes tedious like a joke that was told too many times.  <BR>This book, however, is one of the first he wrote, and there for is guaranteed to make you wear a silly smile of pleasure while it lasts, and ,  as it was for me,  you'll regret it ends so soon. <br />Soooo - Weather it's a first plunge to the disc world novels or a reading for the \\" Discoholics\\" you will absolutely love this book.
B00003CWL6|5.0|A portrait of a suburban, disfunctional, family in America. The plot, with dramatic and comic touches, evokes the ghosts of middle life crisis, and constitutes a fine but traumatic exploration into nothingness and what ensues when you believe that you have all programmed and covered, until real life pierces through the veil of stereotype and devoids what you took for granted of any meaningful purpose. Many self-destructive behavioural traits of modern suburban families are explored and exposed.<br />I can think of no visual (and musical) experience as similar, in many senses, to Mike Nichol's fundamental picture The Graduate. So if you can appreciate a funny tale, told with dark touches, about consumistic materialism, modernistically troubled kids with absentminded parents, that in a way reflects your neighbour's troubles (or perhaps your domestic menage)YOU SHOULD SEE THIS PICTURE........
0061020680|5.0|If you are new to the disc world series this is the best book to start with, since it's so funny and imagenetive that you'll be hooked for ever. You don't need to read the previous books in order to enjoy this one wich offers you a closer look into the professional and personal life ( if you can really call it a life ) of the most funny and wonderfull character in the disc world - DEATH.<BR>All of those who are alredy familiar with the disc world novels need no explaination how can the grim ripper be a funny thing, but to those of you who have yet to enter that world, you'll find out that Death is quite an honest chap, who enjoys the finer things in life like a drink now and than, gardening and kittens. <BR>In order to enjoy this things more freely and with less interruption from his thriving bussiness of ushering souls into happy hunting lands, he hires an apprentice, a boy named Mort.<BR><BR>Of course Mort makes a fine mess of it all, and as usuall in <BR>pratchett's books it is a most enjoyable and funny catastrophe that threatends to put an end to the world, but the world doesn't end and everyone goes home happy. <BR>Also there is a short guest appearence by Rincewind and the ape librerian we've all learned to love and cherish during the first 3 volumes of disc world novels. funny, funny stuff.<br />The common criticism concerning pratchett's writing is that he tends to recycle ideas that were at first fresh and wonderfull, but as they mature through his endless books, becomes tedious like a joke that was told too many times. <BR>This book, however, is one of the first he wrote, and there for is guaranteed to make you wear a silly smile of pleasure while it lasts, and , as it was for me, you'll regret it ends so soon. <br />Soooo - Whether it's a first plunge to the disc world novels or a reading for the \\" Discoholics\\" you will absolutely love this book.
B000063UR2|5.0|First of all, this is my favorite movie of all time. I first saw this film when I was about 4, and I would watch it over and over. The only thing I didn't understand was how the mortal time froze but Jack and Lily didn't. Then when I was older I understood it, because they were touching the unicorn. But this movie is a classic... Greatest movie ever!!!!!!!!!!!
B00005MAM2|3.0|Now don't get me wrong, I LOVE Akira. It is by far the most classic anime that I personally compare all others to, but the new DVD version was kind of a let down in one big way: the new English dubbing is HORRIBLE. I have been an Akira fan for years and originally owned the English dubbed copy for VHS. That's the version I am familiar with and have only seen it in that version previous to the DVD. I was shocked when I started to play my favorite anime film of all time in the dubbed mode to hear a completely different set of voices. Not to mention the changed dialogue, but that I could get over. It was the extreme lack of emotion of the voice actors that made this new dubbed version terrible. There is no feeling behind most of them. Worst of all was the new female voice for Kei. Kei's big speech she gives Kaneda when they are caught and put in jail is so wooden and monotone. It was by far the worst English dubbing I have ever heard and for a classic like Akira they could have done much better. Since this is a special edition I think they should have included the original English dubbing to let fans decide which version to listen to. Basically this new version makes the old English dubbed version non-existent and anyone who was a fan of it and wants it on DVD is out of luck.<br />Despite the horrible new English dubbing, the special features disk is jammed pack with documentaries, art, and photos that makes it well worth the extra $... over the standard version. The picture quality is also OUTSTANDING! They did a fantastic job restoring it to near perfect quality. If not for the new dialogue, this would?ve been one of the best VHS to DVD film transfers ever!
B000063UR2|5.0|First of all, this is my favorite movie of all time. I first saw this film when I was about 4, and I would watch it over and over. The only thing I didn't understand was how the mortal time froze but Jack and Lily didn't. Then when I was older I understood it, because they were touching the unicorn. But this movie is a classic. It's my brother's favorite film too. I think they could make one hell of a sequel, but it's better they don't try! They might really kill it, so they better leave it as the only but greatest legend ever told! My brother agrees! But if Ridley Scott wants to make a new Legend, he had better call me first for some ideas. I was thinking tey could bring Darkness back who can try to raise more dark and hell, meanwhile Tom,I mean Jack is married to Lily with a son and they must save the world of mortals and fantasy all over again! But it could never beat the first, unless maybe i wrote the movie and script! I reccomend this movie to anyone over the age of 7, this is the greatest movie and Legend ever told, Greatest movie ever!!!!!!!!!!!
B00005YW4H|5.0|I just watched Diana Kralls new Live in Paris DVD and feel it was the best live musical performance I've ever seen. This CD by Norah Jones, hands down, is the best recorded music I've ever heard. Get it and listen. Quite simply the best recording I've heard ever. I guess that is why it is tops on the Billboard charts.
B00000099Y|5.0|Nothing will ever be better than CD.  Nothing can ever eclipse, not in a million years.  This album is so grand, not even the sun nor the moon could eclipse it.  Screw discussing the experimental portions or the segue tracks or the fact that all the guys in the band are extremely talented (which they most certainly are), just realize how GOOD this album is.  It has unbelievable amounts of energy, emotion, technical work,, emotion, intelligence, beauty, etc.  If I had to have one CD to listen to until the day I died, it would be nima.  Without a thought. Without a doubt.  BUY THIS NOW OR LOSE OUT!
B00003CXTG|1.0|If you are looking for a solid war movie, don't watch this. Spend your time on a much better movie on this subject, like Tora! Tora! Tora! instead. Though the actual attack sequence is very well done, the rest of the movie would have been better left on the cutting room floor. The performances of all the main characters, especially those of Josh Harnett & Kate Beckensdale in the contrived, pathetic love story angle just blew all my interest out of the water. It's almost like Bay and the gang didn't know what story they wanted to tell - a straight up war story would've been the best route with the capability of the special FX at hand. But no....they tried to serve all crowds and all tastes. They failed horribly - we didn't want a \\"chick\\" flick, we wanted a story of valor and heroism. Give Tora! Tora! Tora! your time instead of this.
B00005RYLE|5.0|Now this is what a DVD should be! A very low budget movie that outgrew its budget and expectations.<br />First of all it is a truly scary and at times downright creepy movie. Added to that you have a lot of comedy in the mix. Could you ask for a better combination in a movie? A bit of wooden acting from a small, inexperienced cast is certainly passable and can be easily overlooked because of the very tight direction from new director, Sam Raimi.<br />The over-the-top gore can have two effects on the viewer: absolute turn-off or outright laughter. Raimi mixes the gore so well with the bits of comedy and tension that it is effective in both. A combination that in a movie with any other director might not work. <br />The behind-the-scenes footage on this DVD shows a lot of people having a good time. This translates to the screen. The DVD is not dressed up with repetitive extras, just the bare necessities that illustrate the amount of passion that went into this cult classic.
B00003CY0V|5.0|Use a computer, go to jail. The terms of Stanley Jobson's parole are clear. Yet a $10- million payday awaits the superhacker if he takes on a job masterminded by a charismatic covert agent - the daring electronic theft of a government slush fund codenamed Swordfish.<br />John Travolta is the mastermind, Hugh Jackman is the hacker and Halle Berry and Don Cheadle co-star in this volatile high - tech thriller directed by Dominic Sena and produced by Joel Silver. Log on, tap in, kick back for cyber - edged action and suspense. Your password excitement is Swordfish.
B00004W5UA|5.0|David Fincher's movie isn't at all what the title implies.  Okay, so there's fighting but there's definitely a lot more to it.  The movie begins with narrator Edward Norton as an insomniac who solves his problem by crying it out at support meetings surrounded by dying people.  That is until Marla (Helena Bonham Carter) turns up.  Also a tourist she ruins his sessions, until he goes to live with Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt) after his flat is burnt down.  Both men manage to fight out their pent-up aggression and Norton almost manages to forget about the enigmatic Marla.  Gradually this 'fight club' grows into an expression against a comsumerist society with rules and orders.<br />The movie poses several important questions about the nature of society and the nature of the self, comparing the rules and order of society with the rules and order of the self.  Certainly on this level it should be applauded as being in a recent rush of intelligent Hollywood movies, and this is definitely one of the best of the lot.  With regards to acting it's a real gem, with Norton proving once more that he is capable of just about anything a director can throw at him.  As Tyler, Pitt adds to all those annoyingly unnoticed superb performances that he's notched up and Helena Bonham Carter plays against type marvellously.<br />It's also beautifully shot, demonstrating the characters' lust for violence well.  The violent scenes are not for the faint-hearted but there's also nothing gratuitous here.  Plus, there's an ending that makes you reevaluate everything that's gone on before.  This is scary, thought-provoking and at times absolutely hilarious viewing.
B000000OU0|5.0|To listeners near and far, the Eagles were an American band. It wasn't simply a matter of birth or geography, but rather that their songs touched on much of the popular musical heritage of America. To this day, listeners here and elsewhere consider American pop music to be country, blues, folk, rockabilly, rhythm - and - blues, Motown. The Eagles were rooted in all of them. It is only appropriate that the name they took for themeselves was that of the symbol of America.<br />Like most Americans, and most bands formed in California, the Eagles came from elsewhere. Their band of rock \\"n\\" roll was nurtured in the heartland, not on the fringes. Early songs from \\"Take It Easy\\" to \\"Desperado\\" were dubbed \\"country rock.\\" But, as the Seventies rolled on, the Eagles soared higher and wider. \\"Best Of My Love\\" and \\"Lyin' Eyes\\" were rock and pop and country and the fans took them as their own. The distance between the country and the city, the redneck and the hippie, narrowed. In the Nineties, that gap would be forever closed by another generation of country rockers.<br />The Eagles evolved and grew. The same album that boasted \\"Take It To The Limit\\" also included the R&B - flavored title track \\"One Of These Nights.\\" Soon after, the band laid down harder rock with classics such as \\"Hotel California,\\" \\"New Kid In Town\\" and \\"Life In The Fast Lane.\\" In Fact, the band was so inclusive that the only label that truly attached itself was \\"California rock.\\" No one knew quite what that meant - except perhaps that, because in California anything was possible, music that came from that promising land was free - spirited and free - ranging.<br />On six studio albums from 1972 - 1979, the Eagles reflected most of the spectrum of music then heard on American radio and in that decade sold more records than any other American band. The Eagles successfully and populary fused disparate musical roots. That is their legacy, one which we continue to witness today.
B000063UR2|4.0|Having seen all the versions of this film that are at the moment available. (There are two even longer versions floating out there) I must say you will be in for a treat. The Goldsmith score works wonders in the Directors cut of the film.  They did all sorts of  awkward bizarre cuts  with Goldsmiths music/ (repeating music from other scenes and using music from older Goldsmith soundtracks)in the European version which is more beautiful and grander in scale than the american version but is sloppily edited.  The U.S. version is cut smoothly and  works as a haunting visual mood piece. But just wait til you see the two hour version its absolutely gorgeous and you will be in  disbelief that the studio actually cut it the way they did. Its living proof why the suits should get out of the way/ the film would have been a great success in its original state.  Ridley Scott is definitely the premier director of a generation.
B00000K31Q|4.0|When it was in theaters, I knew it was a reworking of one of my favourite Shakespearean plays, and I just. couldn't. force. myself. to go see what appeared to be another boring, gorgeous-teeniebopper movie.  I'm 33, bitter and cynical, for crying out loud, I can't be seen paying to see these movies...  But when it was released on DVD, I decided to give it a stab (having OD'd on 'Kiss Me, Kate' and the Taylor/Burton 'Shrew' earlier in the week) and watch it after work one night, with my husband and kids asleep in their rooms, so my descent into teeniebopper movies would remain my own evil skeleton in the closet...<BR>I kept finding myself having to cover my mouth with my hand, to stifle the laughter.  Julia Stiles really stood out, as did Susan May Pratt (as Kat's friend, Mandela), and Heath Ledger *really* sold the gradual fall into affection.  Andrew Keegan, as Joey, just *exuded* slime, and Joseph Gordon-Levitt was, well, adorable.<BR>I liked it *so* much I had to make my husband watch it the next day.  Yes, my reputation as a 'heinous 'b****' is shattered, but I don't care anymore - even on a second watching, I laughed until I cried.  And my husband, also a hard-bitten cynic...  Well, I think it's safe to say he liked it, too.<BR>Even at PG-13, it's a *little* more than I might let my kids (ages 13, 11, and 9) watch - I'm *really* uncomfortable with my kids reading the screenshots of Ms. Perky's novel, but otherwise, no problems.  Doesn't glorify drinking - Kat gets nasty sick at, and possibly on, Patrick's feet; doesn't glorify smoking - Kat very clearly shows her contempt for Patrick's smoking and he quits for her; doesn't glorify teen sex - Joey, the only one who's clearly in it for the possible sex, is so obviously a slimeball that you can't possibly think anything good can come of Bianca dating him, and Kat clearly regrets her one experience with him...<BR>Look, apparently stereotypical teens, actually thinking!  Who knew?  The one thing (aside from the novel Ms. Perky was working on) that I could have lived without is the Dawson's Creek reference - that's going to date this movie so fast!  Everything else in this movie will still be funny ten years from now, but who'll get the joke about 'those Dawson's river kids'...<BR>Long story short, I loved it.  And having seen it, I may actually have to break down and buy it...
0553374842|5.0|This incredible book help you feel like all the Star Wars universe and its planets are real. You read the accounts of the &quot;writers&quot; and you think that they really exists.<BR>It helps to understand all the story and the beutiful pictures help to get into.<BR>A MUST book for a Star Wars fan.
B00003CXXP|4.0|I just saw this movie and it is compelling and heartfelt.  I thought Haley Joel did a supurb job.  I not sure why anyone who has ever seen as Kubrick movie thought that some of the scenes would not be disturbing... I do agree that it was a bit disjointed, but I think it helps the plot, not takes away from it.  David's &quot;life&quot; is disjointed... he is made to love only who he imprints on, then just like life, the one he loves the most turns on him ans sets him free into the world.  A world filled with humans... who for some reason created all of these &quot;Mecha&quot; but never found a place in thier hearts for them, so you enter a technopunk slaughter house for Mecha.  I think the concept is quite profound and telling... this is the truth about humanity.<br />Look at our world today, how could you not feel what this movies is trying to say?
B00005NTJM|4.0|don't agree with the generally weak praise here. I always thought this was a great little blues record, gutty, honest, played with feeling and skill. and quite unique in the context of its time. their later music certainly explored melody and technique more fully, but there's nothing to be ashamed of in ThisWas. great pleasure to listen to
B000063CPL|5.0|Hi people!! I'm a brazilian guy and I was there and I saw the show!!!!<BR>Buy this CD, because the sound is the same!!!<BR>UP THE IRONS FROM BRAZIL!!!
B00004U8PA|5.0|my most favorite movie of all time the music is great and so is the chasimatic performance of Tim Curry as Dr. Franknfurter.  A must see for everybody
B00005QK3W|1.0|I've never been a fan of the Beatles or Paul, but I went into listening to this album with an open mind. I must say, however, that I was EXTREMELY disappointed. I expected MUCH better from a \\"legend\\". This is considered good? Man, I would hate to hear a bad album. Every song sounds the same. Where's the variety? And what's up with the lyrics on the title track, \\"One two three four five, let's go for a drive\\"? Come on! The sixties are over. Stupid, meaningless lyrics aren't hip anymore. Please, don't waste your money on this. You will be disappointed.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|This film, is wonderfully.....Suprising! Nicole Kidman singing? I must say she is delightfully suprising in that she is a very talented vocalist! Ewan McGregor also has this suprising talent, in this Spectacular story of Truth, Beauty, Freedom, and above all, Love!<BR>This story of a cortisan, Satine, and penniless sitar player, I mean writer, Christian, is timeless, yet refreshing. Like many recent films,(Titanic, Pearl Harbor, etc) this film takes a time in world history, in this case Paris's infamous nightclub, the Moulin Rouge, and injects right into it a lovestory, that suprisingly, works without a hitch!<BR>Unlike those films, the emotion of love is not shown though the action of love, but rather, the sounds of love, taking to song, which of course reminds us that this story is one of fantasy, as all films seem to be, as is there reason for existance.<BR>It is true that this seems to be a love it or hate it film. But those who hate it, are those who cannot understand the language of song, and hate it in film. Those who love it embrace song on film, and would also be recommended to take a look at the legandary Judy Garland's body of work, including &quot;A Star is Born&quot;, &quot;Meet Me in St. Louis&quot;, &quot;The Harvey Girls&quot;, and &quot;Easter Parade&quot;, just to name a few.<BR>I think Nicole Kidman was perfectly cast as the ill-fated cortisan Satine, and brings an Acadamy Award nominated performance to the screen, one that is undoutedly not to be missed! This DVD is packed with extras, which makes it all the more desirable to those wanted to know every backstory of this film's construction and creation from concept to completion!<BR>A wonderful film, with a wonderful cast, rent it now, you will love it!
B000001E8P|1.0|I LOVE Muse, Supergrass, Rialto, Radiohead, Doves, Mansun, Elbow, Beatles, etc.  In fact these are my favorite bands.  So when I found Pulp I expected it to be something I would like to, it having such a shared fan-base.<br />This was not at all the case!  As far as I'm concerned, every single song on this albumb is FILLER.  There are no catchy tunes, the singer's voice is wierd, and the vocals are overplayed.
6305388458|5.0|First off the movie was excellent and the acting (as always) was superb but the only problem I have with it is that THERE ARE NO EXTRAS! They say that there are extras but all they are are the Theatrical Trailers and the Python bios! I only spent [a little money] for the DVD so I can't complain too much. That is the only problem I have with the DVD. If you do not like your children to see wee wees and pee pees then don't watch this with them. There is full frontal male nudity (about time) and full frontal female nudity (nothing new). If you have a blasphimus sence of humor you will enjoy this movie very much. If you are a jesus freak then you shouldn't watch this or any other good movie. In fact you should just live in a cave where people can't find you and \\"offend\\" you.
B0000508U6|3.0|I bought this CD last year for a couple of reasons.. one was that I like \\"Yellow\\" and another is because everyone swears it's simply wonderful.<br />Well, I'm always one to break it down for you, so let me tell you what I think of the record.<br />The truth of the matter is, besides the radio-friendly (and nicely produced) Yellow, the album drags. Besides the frequent mention of spiders, similar-to-identical melodies and laid back, I'm-a-world-reknowned-Welsh-singer-who-doesn't-even-care attitude of the lead singer... well, it's not that admirable.<br />Copying off of forerunners Radiohead, Coldplay beats the life out of some otherwise pleasant easy-listening alternative and yowls over the love/depression songs so badly you think there really might be no end to the album. <br />The sound of the album is lite rock or soft rock indie and the singing is nice in some places and abominable in others. There are some qualities of the music that ARE pleasant (for instance, if you're suffering insomnia, it's absolutely essential), all jokes aside, if you're not listening to it much, it's quite good. Everytime I'd start to listen to the lyrics, they were peppered with mention of spiders (What are these guys anyway? Arachnophobic?) or some pitiful moaning of losing \\"the one.\\" Really not that much better than any of the other nominees for album of the year (how this won- beyond me). If you are looking for something lyrically triumphant, go back to all your old Fiona Apple CDs.<br />While it's not that bad of music, I personally would recommend Radiohead over this.
B00004RFFU|4.0|I rented this movie not only because I was told it was a very good movie but because I read the book and liked it. I was really skeptical though considering I saw Queen of the Damned first and....well it hurt so bad I wanted to scream and all I could do was laugh at the end of it. Anyway back to this movie, It was wonderful. I couldn't take my eyes off it. I laughed, I screamed, and I cried. Claudia made me angry, Louis pissed me off and Lestat almost made me weep. The end hurt me though because Lestat took off with Danial. Why do they always have to have Lestat run away with somebody that he is not supposed to? why? Oh yeah and I didn't really like Antonio Bandaras as Armand. Armand doesn't look like that and I really don't think he was LATINO! I'm going to buy it as soon as I collect enough cans.
B00002MZ12|4.0|UNPLUGGED has the potential to be absolutely stunning, but, as it was recorded live, it's a little rawer than her studio recordings.<br />Unplugged is a collection of all of Alanis' greatest hits (as of the late nineties), one cover, and a few tracks only performed live. For some of the songs, the sheer potency of a live album adds to their apeal. Highlights would include Joining You, Ironic, Head Over Feet, That I Would Be Good, You Learn and No Pressure Over Cappuccino. But the angstier songs like You Oughtta Know, These R The Thoughts and I Was Hoping sound wrong. Her heart simply isn't in them as well live as on the studio recordings.<br />This is an essential for the Alanis fan, but a bad place to start for the Alanis novice.
B00005RFAI|1.0|the only reason i got this album was for get the party started<BR>you can't help but like that song..<BR>i thought their would be at least one other song that was as good<BR>boy was I wrong....<BR>pink is just whiny and irritating on this album<BR>and if you like get the party started just download it or listen to the radio ive heard it 10 million times I swear
B00000DGUG|4.0|While many would tout this as the greatest of Alanis' albums, or say how tragically underrated it is, I beg to differ. For all it's praise, I don't see that much in it at all. The vocals are different, but not necessarily better. The music is different, but also not necessarily better. While I love all but two tracks on JLP, on this one I only like about half the tracks. She seems to have softened on us over the years between JLP and SFIJ. <br />Of the tracks, there are a few that can't be ignored: Front Row, for being so unusual, Thank U for the overall melody and intriguing lyrics, Are You Still Mad for it's universal appeal, That I Would Be Good for being sheer genius, The Couch for honesty, and Joining You for being absolutely triumphant. But the truth is, the rest of the tracks sound rather similar and bland. Most are overwritten to a point where they're so long, you become frustrated and just skip to the next track (not a good thing). <br />I believe that Alanis did grow a lot in the time leading up to this album, it's obvious in the peace in the music. But I didn't buy an Alanis Morissette album because I felt peaceful, I  bought it because I was angry, you know? There's no screaming, no rage, no bitterness. When you're feeling a little sentimental, it's absolutely magnificent. When you feel like it's you against the world, it does little to soothe the savage beast. Buy Jagged Little Pill first, and I would recommend Under Rug Swept over this.
0425180638|2.0|The Last Precinct by Patricia Cornwell is a suspense/fiction book. Cornwell writes with figurative language very creatively but I felt she often over used it. Certain subjects were very long and drawn out. There wasn't anything that kept me interested. I found it difficult to read this book because I just wasn't interested. I was expecting this to be a suspense book but she wrote more about the main character's self discovery than the actual murder situation. There was also nothing in the beginning of the book that caught my attention. I believe every good book should have a great attention getter and that is something Cornwell lacked. This is not a book I would reccommend.
B00005QDW1|3.0|As much as I love Gwen Stefani and the \\"old\\" No Doubt, I just can't convince myself that I like this CD. It has that feeling of being put together in about ten minutes, and besides \\"Hey Baby,\\" it's not that great.<br />The good old days of ska music have suddenly vanished and are replaced by cheap, manufactured and sunthesized tracks compiled for radio agreablily. What I loved about No Doubt, their willingness to be different, has left to make them sound like a Britney Spears album lacking the supergloss. The sound of most of the tracks is a fabricated dance pop lacking in the ingenuity of Cher or Kylie Minogue. <br />It's an okay album to dance to, but because the overall rythms are kind of lacking in many places, there are many tracks that should simply be skipped altogether. I would recommend buying Return of Saturn or Tragic Kingdom over this any day. This band sold out big time, no doubt about it.
B000063DIR|1.0|Warning: these are not the original recordings!  I have never been so disappointed.  Blizzard of Ozz and Diary of a Madman used to be solid five-star albums.  Now, without Bob Daisley's incredible flowing bass lines and tight harmony vocals and Lee Kerslake's incredible drum, percussion and gong tracks, these expanded editions do not even sound close to the original releases.  The new tracks put down by Robert Trujilio and Mike Bordin sound unproduced and completely out of place in the mix.  Even if they were produced and mixed well, nobody could ever reproduce what was originally done on these albums.  Even the Blizzard bonus track &quot;You, Looking at Me Looking at You&quot; was re-recorded and sounds nothing like the original.  The Diary bonus track &quot;I Don't Know&quot; (live) is not the original B-side version, as advertised.  Instead, it's the heavily remixed version that ended up on Tribute.  It's also quite a shame that 2 other bonus tracks, &quot;You Said It All&quot; and the original non-album version of &quot;No Bone Movies&quot; were dropped at the last minute.  It's the ultimate sin for Ozzy and Epic Records to advertise Blizzard and Diary as &quot;digitally remastered from the original master tapes for the ultimate sound.&quot;  Actually, it's false advertising.    Randy Rhoads...RIP
B00004W5UA|3.0|_Fight Club_ is not the movie you might think from the trailers and previews. It *is* a movie about a lot of the stuff that often makes American Society of the late 20th century so brutally depressing and unfulfilling, particularly from the point of view of lower working-class men. As such, it has a lot of interesting things to say about bonding, identity and social standards. Because of this, I found the first half of the movie absorbing and witty in a dark kind of way, full of grim humour and cutting observations. After that, however, it really lost its grip on me.<br />The narrator (Edward Norton) is a literally anonymous corporate drone whose only pleasure in life is ordering kitchsy items from catalogues.  A period of insomnia sends him in search of emotional catharsis at various support groups for the terminally ill where he meets Myra (Helena Bonham Carter), another \\"voyeur.\\"  Shortly thereafter, he meets travelling soap salesman Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt), a virtual human phrasebook of \\"radical\\" thought and recipes for making explosives from household products.  The two men discover the dubious transcendent experience of pummelling each other into oblivion and decide that this is what's missing from men's lives.  Thus the Fight Club is born.<br />And that's where the movie lost me.  From that point onward, the cutting, and often humourous, observations about society were too much replaced by scenes of bare-chested men knocking each other about interspersed with Tyler Durden's pseudo-anarchistic dogma.  For someone who's never thought much about society's self-sustaining and materialistic hierarchy, Durden's observations might sound enlightened, but for me it got old really fast.  After about fifteen minutes, I felt as bludgeoned as the men in the club and it was all I could do not to turn the movie off.<br />I was also disappointed in the way the Fight Club itself mutated from a place for men to find themselves and discover their power (however dubiously) into a kind of miltary organization that dehumanized the participants every bit as much as the society they were trying to combat.  Although this is pretty standard cult development, I found it depressing.  I look for movies of this sort to push the boundaries in new and different ways and offer new ideas, if not solutions.  _Fight Club_ didn't do that. It fell back on the same old revolutionary script and became just another movie about guys blowing things up while becoming the thing that they hate.  Was that the point?  I didn't know, and I got the impression that the movie didn't know, either.  It left me with a real feeling of futility.<br />The acting is actually quite good, and a _Sixth Sense_ type plot twist towards the end goes a long way towards redeeming the middle portions of the film but doesn't quite manage it. _Fight Club_ is probably a good movie to see if you're feeling angry with the world and need to have your anger validated. But don't expect any real answers, because it doesn't offer any.a kind of miltary organization that dehumanized the participants every bit as much as the society they were trying to combat.  Although this is pretty standard cult development, I found it depressing.  I look for movies of this sort to push the boundaries in new and different ways and offer new ideas, if not solutions.  _Fight Club_ didn't do that. It fell back on the same old revolutionary script and became just another movie about guys blowing things up while becoming the thing that they hate.  Was that the point?  I didn't know, and I got the impression that the movie didn't know, either.  It left me with a real feeling of futility.<br />The acting is actually quite good, and a _Sixth Sense_ type plot twist towards the end goes a long way towards redeeming the middle portions of the film but doesn't quite manage it. _Fight Club_ is probably a good movie to see if you're feeling angry with the world and need to have your anger validated. But don't expect any real answers, because it doesn't offer any.
B00005S8FC|1.0|I understand this album is popular in techno lounge but<BR>this is not Tango music and this not meant to dance tango. <br />The main influence behind the music of this CD is Dub (which is a special electronic and trance generated style of Jamaican reggae). Here, the melodica of dub music, this kind of harmonica that uses a small keyboard has been replaced and/or complemented by the bandoneon of tango to play against a foreground of electronics that pretty much resembles Dub music, except that the Front leaders of this style, Augustus Pablo and Kind Tubby are a lot better than this rather bland mix of dance music and Latin pop.<br />Occasionally you will hear some Latin beat that I find somewhat uplifting but then again this rhythm has nothing to do with Tango.<br />This content of this album is more a question of style rather than substance. There is little brain activity in this music. The body of this music is on life support brought by the electronic drums.<br />The photograph inside the cover shows a man's hands leaning over a woman's skirt with fingers lingering under the mini-skirt. The designer is so please with this picture that it is represented twice. I think this picture shows more bad taste than the shock it is meant to provoke.<br />This is no revancha del tango; this is the revenge of some tango aficionados<BR>rebelling against the tango idiom. <br />This is not tango music, no matter how long<BR>you stretch the definition of tango music.<BR>I want my money back.
B000060P79|5.0|This CD is amazing! I love it! It hasn't come out of my CD player since I bought it. The lyrics are great I can totally relate to them.  Everyone should own this CD.  The harmonies are awesome. Every song is good.  This is one of the best CD's I own.  Mark Hoppus is on the first track &quot;I'd Do Anything.&quot;  If you don't have the CD you should definitely buy it!
B000002H33|5.0|I was first introduced to Metallica by this album at a friends house.  Before that, I never really listened to metal at all.  I made a tape of it, but I soon wore it out. The chaos and beauty that lived side by side was sometimes too much, other times never enough.  My teenage brain was electrified.<br />Besides the &quot;Black Album&quot; (which in my opinion is their best work), &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; is Metallica's best effort.  It does not let up in its intensity - Lar's drums like a demon, James growls with extreme ferocity, Kirk is just amazing on lead, and of course Cliff (may he RIP) gallops along on his bass like one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse! Every song grips you - the violence of &quot;Battery&quot;, the epic title track, the gloriously dark but humorous &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot;, the sad as hell &quot;Welcome Home (Sanitarium)&quot;, the tortured &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot;, the scathing &quot;Leper Messiah&quot;, the beautiful &quot;Orion&quot;, and the hard hitting &quot;Damage Inc.&quot;.  <br />It's no wonder Metallica became my favourite band.  Although I'm not a metal-head like I used to be, this still get's played on a regular basis.  Get this album.
0783228570|4.0|Although it shares the same title with the 1932 gangster classic starring Paul Muni, this eighties version's plot is not at all similar.  The film starts out as a moving fictitious tale of a Cuban refugee who raises himself from being a dishwasher in a restaurant to a very wealthy drug kingpin.  Before Al Pacino's acting career is done, his role of Tony Montana in this picture will be one of the more memorable ones to his fans.  Chock-full of violence, killing, and adult situations, this film is just a bit too long and fizzles out near the end when there is nothing but senseless, undirected killing all over the place.  Fine supporting performances are rendered by Michelle Pfeiffer and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio.
B00004Z400|5.0|If you've heard of the Deftones before, it was probably because you've listened to KoRn's &quot;Life is Peachy&quot; or Limp Bizkit's &quot;Three Dolla Bill, Yall$&quot;. BUT BE WARNED:Don't go buying any Deftones CD expecting them to sound like  what Chino did on those 2 ones. Instead of all the rapping, which you hear on them, this is really a soft (skip &quot;Elite&quot; and &quot;Back to School (Mini Maggit)&quot;) and emotional album, with meaninful lyrics. Chino's voice can one minute be as vulgar and loud Corey Taylor's (Slipknot), and the next be as soft and peaceful as Maynard James Keenan's (Tool, A Perfect Circle). It's mainly an aggro/alternative album, but it can have a gothic vibe in some songs, such as &quot;Change (In the House of Flies&quot;, which was also their first single and the reason I bought this CD. (I didn't see the video or hear it on the radio or anything, I just listened to it on &quot;The Queen of the Damned&quot; soundtrack.)<br />I suggest you get this if you're a fan of Spineshank, Taproot, Linkin Park, or Tool.
0789723107|3.0|This book basically deals with how people behave when using the web - they're reading. <BR> As an art director for 20 years, and someone who's always been interested on people's behaviour, I can't say this book surprised me. I was expecting more on web behaviour specifically, but found conclusions I've already taken from other medias. Maybe that's because I work too close to it. <BR> But the point I didn't like was that the reading ended with the feeling that the author didn't told me all. He has more to say. The book felt somewhat like a teaser for his workshops. Take this now, get more later. <BR> Has its goods shots, but the rabbit doesn't come out of the hat.
0452282152|4.0|When I heard a brief description of this book I wasn't sure I'd enjoy it. All I knew was that it was a fictional account of one of Vermeer's model and the story of a girl in 17th century Holland. I felt the story might be kind of bland but as I learned, human drama reads well regardless of the location and time setting. I found this an enjoyable and quick read. The main character, Griet, is well-developed but the author still leaves room for the reader to wonder about some of her actions. I found myself thinking of Karen Cushman's &quot;Midwife's Apprentice&quot; another piece of historical fiction written with a younger audience in mind.
0879306033|5.0|This book is an outstanding resource for musicians who are more or less purists or who have that fever that leads you to seek out fine vintage instruments like Moogs.  A great read and a really cool history of the instrument... plus it gives you the current value of all of the instruments!
0446310786|5.0|I've read tons of books but somehow this one escaped me and I didn't read it until a few months ago. I read it for a book club and my first thought was, \\"oh great, a classic... it'll be dry and tedious and I'll feel like I'm in highschool lit class again.\\" How wrong I was! To Kill a Mockingbird is a fascinating book that takes place in the south in the middle of the 20th century when racial issues are being brought to the forefront. The characters are likeable, the town charming and the message not one to miss. Pick this book up and read it even if you don't like to read classics.
B000021Y75|5.0|Run Lola Run completely blew my mind away.  Every time I see it I get excited and taken to another level by watching it.  Run Lola Run is a German flim put to a techno soundtrack.  <BR>Lola has 20 minutes to find 100,000 marks or her boyfriend is dead.   Perhaps that may sound like a cheesy premise, but the script goes above and beyond that.  It deals with life, love, the choices we make and most especially chance.   One of the most interesting features of Run Lola Run is that whenever Lola interacts with another character, picture flashes are shown of their future because of their split-second encounter.  <BR>There is a connected flow to the movie.  I don't want to give away the special set-up this movie has, so all I can say is that it blew my mind and will probably blow yours.  Bring yourself to another level of awareness and SEE THIS MOVIE.
B000065U1N|5.0|I collect War movies as a hobbie I have over 200 Different war movies all related to American Wars, or Conflicts. I never read the book, but I knew of this Conflict so I couldn't wait to see the Movie. I was Amazed at the whole thing. What I liked the most was that it showed everything, they didn't just go half way and say we can't show this, they showed it all, and This movies makes me proud as hell to be an American, when you watch all the Wounded Rangers and Delta Force climb back into there humvees and go back into the City for the rest of there Men, you can be watch and know that really happened.<br />This movie though isn't a good one to go and watch if you are Weak Hearted or Want to See acting, this really is not the movie for you. Its more of a Documentary. It basically shows the real effects of war and shows everything that happened on Oct 3rd and Oct 4th 1993 in Samolia. From the start of the Mission, To the Attack on the Humvees, From the 2 Delta Force Soldiers taking on over 200 Samolia Militia, to what the Samolia Militia did after they killed the 2 Delta Force Soliders, it even shows the Walk out, when the Rangers and Deltas left had to Walk out of the City.<br />Over all its a GREAT! Movie! And if Anyone who was there reads this I SALUTE You!
0345448898|5.0|This trilogy is one of the best I've ever read. The author fills these books with great, imaginative characters and places. The books all tie together well. This price is a very good deal. If you like fantasy, I completely recommend His Dark Materials Trilogy.
B000002J1O|5.0|While many fans prefer 'The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway' over 'Selling England' as far as Genesis albumns go, I'm, afraid I must disagree. Without taking anything away from the excellent 'Lamb', I prefer the bit more whimsical, classically-influenced melodies of 'England'- the albumn that gave me a crash course in '70s British pop culture and British English and introcuded me to T.S. Eliot's 'The Wasteland.' In any case, let us move onto the music.<br />We start out with the excellent 8-minute 'Dancing with the Moonlit Knight'. It starts out with an ellegant acapella, then masterfully builds up as it goes along, introducing one instrument at a time until it finally goes all out. The melody itself, which is repeated at the end of the albumn, is in its own simple way a strikingly effective musical representation of the lamentful decay of postwar English society.  Being an American, it took me a little while to understand quite what all of the song was about, but after a while the Green Shield Stamp and Wimpey hamburger references don't concern me a bit. The only flaw in the song is that there is no clear climax, which is a common trait in some Genesis songs, whereas others, like 'Supper's Ready' and 'The Musical Box', have clear and astounding ones.<br />'I Know What I Like' is probably the albumn's most poppy song, but still retains a nice whimsical mood which I do enjoy. It continues along the previous track's vein of whimsy, cynicism, and satircal wit.  The track opens and closes with the mellotron, which makes an abnormally short song half as long whereas lyrical melodies are concerned.  Gabriel's spoken intro lines are classic in themselves.  \\"It' one o'clock and time for lunch... da-de-dum-de-dum...\\"<br />Now we move onto 'Firth of Fifth', a wonderful song with metaphorically rich (and, of course, cynical) lyrics and majestic musical melodies. Gabriel's voice sounds a bit different on the track, but to me at least it helps go along with the mood set by the musicitself. It begins with a grand, flowing piano intro before going to several lyrical verses, then drops into Gabriel's mellow flute solo, then builds up again into a jubilant keyboard movement. Then we go all-out into Hacket's harrowing guitar solo, one of his best. And then as that finally died down we're hit by one last lyrically rich verse before the mourfnul echoing of the piano fades out. Wonderful song, with lyrics that appear simple, yet have a far deeper and rather theological important behind them.<br />Then we get 'More Fool Me', my least favorite track on the albumn. It's a nice little chance to get Collins on the vocals in a ballad, but really fails to acheive a strong feel like many of the albumn's other songs.<br />Next comes the albumn's longest song. Some like it, some don't, I suppose its all a matter of opinion. But in my humble opinion, 'The Battle of Epping Forest' is a Genesis classic. It begins with what sounds like a marching corp, with drums and flutes signalling troops marching across a field to do battle like from 18th-century gentleman's bout. Then it goes all out into 10 minutes with Gabrial spouting away nonstop. Sure, its loud, sure the lyrics don't quite go along with the music at all times, but the lyrics are still incredibly witty and satirical, which is why I consider it one of the funniest songs I've ever heard.  The song first describes the set-up for this showdown, where two armies of thugs converge to fight over gang boundaries with a hoarde of rich citizens gathering to watch and have a picnic.  Then we go off to be introduced to the various cast, including Willy Wright, (hard worker in the security trade) Harold Demure, (from Art Literature) Bob the Nob, (the pimp who names his products after furniture) Little John, (the 'robbing hood') and the poor Reverend who gets blackmailed by Little John, Bob the Nob, and Bob's co-worker Louise into spreading pin-up gurus for John's Love Peace & Truth Incorporated.  And then we finish itoff when they all kill eachother and the rich people toss a coin to decide who won.<br />The aptly named 'After the Ordeal' is a soothing instumental after Gabriel sung until he's out of breath for 10 minutes. <BR>The first half is a wonderful, soothing fute/keyboard melody.  The second half is a flute/electric guitar piece that in its own way is one of the most poignant parts on the albumn.<br />Then we get 'The Cinema Show', another song with simple yet wonderfully rich lyrics with a deceptively cynical lesson to them. We get parallel verses about two lovers, aptly referred to as Romeo and Juliet. Then a third verse introduces Triesias, and is where many listeners are lost. Upon doing a little research I discovered that the song is essentially a musical paraphrasing of a section of T.S. Eliot's 'The Wasteland', where Tiresias, from Greek Mythology, observes a scene very similar to that of 'The cinema Show'. Go find the poem and read that, or find out Tiresias's background. It will make the song far more enjoyable. Oh, and the intrumental second portion is very good also, though it took me several listenings to really appreciate it.  The third segment of the final keyboard instrumental is particularly well-done- fast, poignant, powerful.  Simply astounding.  And to think Gabriel and Hackett wanted to cut this out....  Anyhoo, the last few notes of 'The Cinema Show' come in the form of Hackett's gentle acoustic guitar strumming the melody from 'Dancing with the Moonlit Knight.'<br />We close with 'Aisle of Plenty', which is a nice, short finale to the immortal tune of the opening song. Overall the albumn has three classic songs, perhaps four depending on one's preference. I highly reccomend this, especially to fans of Collins-era Genesis. This is the real stuff here, gents. Oh, and as a final reccomendation, make sure you listen to the songs several times over, especially the long ones. Most early Genesis songs take multiple listenings to be fully appreciated.  Butit is especially worth it here, where the band reaches a nearly perfect blend of poignancy, cynicism, drama, and gool ol' fashioned satirical wit.
0375701427|5.0|Zuckerman eats a ruglach cookie with cinnamon and raisins and nuts, and hopes to get what Proust gets when he eats a plain vanilla madeleine dipped in tea -- a complete awakening of his memory. It doesn't happen, for the writer. But for the reader, it does.  A whole world unfolds and then unravels before you. For me, it was a from a viewpoint that I not only never understood before, I never even thought about its existence.  How did the straight non-hip people think and feel and see, while we flower children were ending a war and fixing the world? And what about those who took the rhetoric of the 60s and 70s so seriously that they never came back to any semblance of normalcy? Here these questions are made compelling and the answers vividly brilliant. I didn't know those Pulitzer prize people were so smart.
B00005NWM3|5.0|This song is a good song but I was wondering how come we can't<BR>down load it.
6303492509|4.0|ok so this has to be the dumbest movie i ever saw in my life but its also fun. i hate lori pettys voice. its retchid. she sounds like shes only 13 but shes over 30. just watch this for the cool soundtrack and fun moments.  oh this does have a plot again referring to the stupidity.
630542845X|5.0|One of the best, most moving and captivating films I have ever seen. It will change the way you think about many things. Excellently played, great music... what is there more to say?<BR>I strongly recommend this movie.
B000002LLC|5.0|I agree that Vogue is VERY out of place on here.  All the rest of the songs are Stephen Sondheim Broadway-style tunes.  If you watch the movie most of the songs were either not in the movie or only heard for a few seconds.  What a shame because these are some really great tunes and Madonna performs then flawlessly.  I'm a singer and wish I could find these on karaoke!!
B00005JKJA|5.0|There are some directors that entertain and there are some directors, an elite few, who cast spells.  David Lynch belongs to the elite few.<br />Maybe with exception of the Cohen brothers, there is no American director whose film could be mistaken for another director.  Since his Blue Velvet in 1986(and some would argue even before then),Lynch has created a style which could only be described, for lack of a better word, as \\"Lynchian\\".  <br />Long time fans of Lynch will feel right at home with Muholland Drive.  It's a film that Lynch has building up to since Blue Velvet, and it shows an artist working at his peak.  I have to admit in recent years, I believed Lynch was starting to stray from the elements that made Blue Velvet so special. Movies like Wild at Heart, Twin Peaks, and Lost Highway were fascinating but they seemed to be different variations on Blue Velvet.  It wasn't until 1999 that Lynch stepped away from his special brand of neo-noir and made the beautiful \\"Straight Story.\\"  In that film, Lynch tells a deceptively simple story about an elderly man living in Iowa who drives a lawnmower to Wisconsin to visit his estranged elderly brother who is dying.  The film was based on fact and it was one of the very few films of his which Lynch did not write. I believe the experience of making that film was of monumemtal importance to Lynch because, due to the nature of the factual story, it forced Lynch to focus on the narrative of the story. <br />It is this focus which Lynch has brought to Muholland Drive and makes it a triumph. The film starts out with a violent car crash between two vehicles on a Los Angeles highway.  Out of the flames of the collision arises a dazed and injured brunette played by Laura Harring. The brunette is able to leave the scene before law enforcement arive and finds solace in an unoccupied apartment located on Mulholland Drive.  Cut a few frames later and we are introduced to a beautiful blonde(played by the stunning Naomi Watts)arrivinginto Los Angeles at the airport. She is an aspiring actress who is given the opportunity to reside her in her aunt's unoccupied apartment in Los Angeles as she auditions for film roles. Eventually, Ms Watts discovers that the brunette is hiding in her aunt's apartment.  The film's mystery begins when Ms Watts, having sympathy for the uninvited guest, offers to \\"help\\" the brunette find her identity who, as we find out, has amnesia. The first part of the film deceptively seems to deal with the issue of the brunette and her identity.  It is not until the film's incredible second half that we begin to discover who the movie is really about and why. <br />Mulholland Drive, like other Lynch films, obsesses over identity. However, that is not the whole story.  It also reveals, very slowly and cunningly, the \\"dirt\\" beneath the Hollwood fabric and lifestyle.  <br />I can't praise this film high enough. I saw it two days in a row during a holiday weekend and was engrossed both times.  This movie is made by one of the very few radical directors.  A director who creates a world where everything is simple but nothing is obvious.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|If you see any reviews giving this movie less than 3 out of five, don't believe them - probably pretentious film school students who think they're smarter than the rest of us.  I watched this movie for the first time last week, and watched it again the next night, and again the following night.  I've recommended it to friends and none were disappointed.<br />Its true, the gimmick (running the film backward) does give you a bit of a headache at first, but as mentioned by other reviewers - its the only way to make you experience what the main character (Leonard) is experiencing - he doesn't know what will happen next, and neither will you.<br />The acting is first rate, the film is moody, sad at times without losing its sense of humour.  <br />Looking at some of the [stuff] that gets nominated for academy awards these days, its sad that Memento didn't get even a nomination (Training Day... Gladiator?  Braveheart?!?!  Come on!  Why not nominate Dude Where's My Car? while you're at it, or how about Sorority Boys?)<br />Check this movie out.
6304057709|5.0|If you liked the book by Jane Austen, then you MUST see this movie adaption.  Emma Thompson has done a wonderful job adapting Jane Austen's text to film -- the dialogue is just as snappy &amp; fun as the writing.  This is one of those rare cases in which I liked the movie as well as the book.  The movie's setting &amp; cast even exceeded the mental pictures I concocted in reading -- the Barton cottage &amp; the choices of Hugh Grant for the role of Edward and Thompson &amp; Winslet for the sisters are perfect matches for Austen's witty descriptions.  The few scenes from the book which are left out seem incidental to the heart of the story -- also, a few characters are left out or &quot;streamlined&quot; into one.  My only complaint is the &quot;Hollywood&quot; ending with Marianne's sudden transition to happiness.  Austen shows her gradually coming back around to love -- which seems much more true to life.  If you've read this book, you'll want to see the movie -- Thompson is to Austen as Kenneth Branaugh is to Shakespeare.  For those who HAVEN'T read Jane Austen's wonderful book, this is one of those rare cases in which you can watch the movie first &amp; not feel dissatisfied with the book later.  Go ahead &amp; indulge!  If you like a period movie, this is a lovely choice -- the depiction of late 18th century British society is both enchanting &amp; funny.  If you've seen Hugh Grant in any of his later charming, self-effacing roles &amp; liked him, then you must catch him in this movie -- it's the model for many of his later roles.  The costumes, the setting, the dialogue, the acting &amp; the &quot;lesson&quot; are all wonderful here.  It's not action-adventure -- it's an Ang Lee film rather than a Bruce Lee movie.  Don't expect to like it if you prefer chase scenes &amp; excitement.  However, for a heartfelt portrayal of romance, family, and (to boil it down) the quest for &quot;Mr. Right,&quot; all set in Georgian England, then try &quot;Sense &amp; Sensibility.&quot;  It's well-worth owning so you can watch it again &amp; again!y.&quot;  It's well-worth owning so you can watch it again &amp; again!
B00005RFAI|4.0|I've liked Pink from the start and although I was aware of the changes in her music I didn't realise just how much it had changed. Compared to her first album which was solely RnB this album rocks! It's a totally unique style and i think it really suits her voice I'm proud to say I'm a Pink fan!
B00005JKED|5.0|When you are watching a movie, the most important thing is good acting.Training Day has great acting.Denzel Washington gives a oscar winning performance, and Ethan Hawke gives a oscar nominated performance.<br />Though it has Violence, Language, Drug use, and Nudity, \\"Training Day\\" is an amazing movie that should have been nominated for best picture.<br />If you want to have a good time, and see Denzel Washington in a completely way (but still amazing) go see Training Day
B00003CXXP|5.0|If, like me, you judge how good a movie is by how much you think about it for days after, then this is one of the best movies i have ever seen.  obviously, the special effects are good and all that, but the raw emotion is the real centerpiece of the film.  I found myself at times having to remind myself that it was just a movie.  I am in wonder at how this movie was so completely ignored by the oscars.  to many people without children, teenagers, etc, the impact of this movie is undoubtably lessened.  If you're a parent, however....
0971855110|5.0|First, let me tell you that this book is NOT just a bunch of E-mails compiled into one book!! <BR>This Book is Life Changing to say the least! <BR>I went from \\"someone who NEVER made our bed\\" (because we were just going to get into it again later) to, \\"not being able to STAND it when it's not\\"!!! A bathroom sink that went from, \\"So awful that it wasn't fit for a truck stop\\", to \\"SHINY and Beautiful\\"... No more clothes piled high in the counter, whiskers everywhere, toothpaste globs and on and on... I was ashamed to let anyone in there!!! Not anymore!! I welcome them.. I want to pull people in my bedroom and bathroom now!! I love my clean house!! <BR>And it's all due to Marla (aka) FlyLady!! <BR>This is NOT a get in your face and get down and dirty-scrub your floors and walls. This is a BABY step program... She puts things into words only we SHE's (explained in the book)understand. <BR>If you are someone who can't seem to get the house in order no matter how HARD you try, you HAVE to buy this book... It is so cheap, and so Richly Blesses You, and Your Family... You will not believe, until you are reading... I LOVE You, FLYLADY !!! You go Girl!!!
020530902X|5.0|For many are the books that tell one how to be a great writer, but few are the ones that set the standard. And Elements of Style is the greatest writer's manuel in print today, as it has been for decades.<br />There is no better guide for grammar, word usage, or editing than Elements of Style.<br />A must-have for all real writers.
B00001QEE9|5.0|I cannot elaborate on all of the incredible reviews here about this timeless classic. Kids love it. I just wonder if Disney will pull a &quot;Peter Pan&quot; on us and release a BETTER version of the DVD in the future. There is basically no bonus material except for the trailer here. Peter Pan's first DVD release was similar until they re-released it with much more bonus material in conjuntion with &quot;Return to Neverland.&quot;
B00004STPT|3.0|Reading the reviews posted here, I bought this CD imagining a very listenable run of melodic, harrowing scores. Why, there's even a second CD quenching the thirst for more! Seeing the movie when it came out left me with the impression, however, that the soundtrack was overly purple... saccharin. Even epic-cutesy. Was I wrong? I've played the CD five times now and while it's not entirely listenable, I see its value. At first, I was embarrassed by the heady, symphonic strains set to evoke Romanesque grandeur. This is deeply purple stuff, make no mistake. It is expressly uncool as it is stirring and pretty. You won't be playing it for your friends, unless they happen to work for a new-age/adult contemporary label, or sit around drinking Amaretto with you in the afternoon. No, since this isn't the soundtrack to our lives as gladiators, I suspect that un-ironic, repeated listening to this score betrays a battle of middle-aged origin. This is the soundtrack to a harrowing day spent at home or office... the sweeping, melodic remembrance of lost loves... of intense interaction with coworkers... of domestic quarrels fought... of daily commutes and unsolved crossword puzzles... love and pain intoned by Lisa Gerrard. How else to explain its sad beauty as applied to our lives? Gladiator, music from the motion picture is a CD therapy session and therein lies its success.
0767853636|5.0|Easily the best version of Annie out there (and yes, I saw the play with Martha Raye as Miss Hannigan). This 1982 gem is a classic big-budget movie musical, with all the exuberance that the genre implies. How can you help but smile at the thought of fifty orphans simultaneously breaking out into dance numbers?    Ten-year-old Aileen Quinn sings her heart out to the catchy tunes and will have you singing too, despite yourself. Albert Finney is a walking caricature as billionaire capitalist Daddy Warbucks, who learns that there is more to life than money. Anne Reinking puts in a good showing as his assistant, and you'll recognize others such as Bernadette Peters. But Carol Burnett steals the show as the drunken orphanage proprieter who hates little girls but goes ga-ga over any male, from the local cop to Mr. Bundles the Laundry Man.  (This is rated PG rather than G for a reason!)    Very young kids may be frightened by a chase sequence in which the bad guys try to kidnap Annie, but there's plenty here to entertain both children and adults. As a child, I watched it a hundred times without catching allusions to the New Deal, the Bolsheviks, and bathtub gin.    Do not let your kids grow up acquainted only with Disney's dull 1999 remake of Annie! The 1982 movie is twice as exuberant, larger than life, and makes for much better entertainment.
B00005QZ7U|1.0|I find it hard to believe that people actually enjoyed this movie, and am glad that it only won Oscars for costumes and scenery.  At the opening of the movie I hoped that it would be a mocking homage to the MTV generation, done in a very interesting style.  I soon found out that the movie could not decide if it was the former, a stream of consciousness comedy bizarre, or a serious (albeit extremely trite) love story.  Some people bill this as the genius of the movie, I see it as serving no larger artistic purpose, and thus merely distracting and frustrating.  Add to this the facts that all of the music was stolen, not performed in ways that give integrity to the original artists, and the lead male vocals were horrible; spell an absolutely horrible cacophony of a movie.  If this opens a new era of similar musicals, I'll be in the basement staring at the wall.
0440219078|1.0|I do believe that this was the worst book I have ever read in all my life.  Normally, I love Lois Lowry, but this book was not one of her best.  I had to do a report on the setting of this book, and while the characters were developed enough to understand the book, the setting was bleak.  Sameness... how can you develope 2 pages strictly on the settingof sameness.  I would not recommend this book to anyone!
B00005V3Z4|5.0|Remember the feeling you had the first time you read Catcher in the Rye\\" or saw David Lynch's film, \\"Blue Velvet\\"?  Well, this experience should be right up there!<br />Ultimately, this is an esoteric piece that will make you want to re-watch it the second it's over to try and figure it out - &aacute; la \\"Sixth Sense\\".  That said, it's a wonderful coming-of-age story (the likes of Salinger's \\"...Rye\\") of a cynical adolescent, Donnie Darko.  Donnie is a sort of a comic book high school hero, who tells everybody where to get off in such an intelligent way, that even his parents have to congratulate him on being expelled from school.<br />The twist that will \\"knock you flat\\" (as Jan Stuart of Newsday put it) is almost superfluous in light of what the rest of the film has to say for itself.  This is almost two films in one:  a highly spiritual film about time and space; destiny versus free choice - and one that is very earth-bound about having the courage to be your own person, and about questioning everything before excepting blindly.  The two themes are magnificently bound together in a visually stunning, and breathtakingly acted film.  Keep an eye out for Jake Gyllenhaal - he's right up there with Toby Maguire.<br />One of the best films I've seen in the past few years.
B000060P79|5.0|I rarely hear this song anywhere, so i bought the CD and I am completely OBSESSED!  All the songs on this CD are awesome!  They have really really good voices and the lyrics and music rock!!! Buy the cd RIGHT NOW!!!!!!
B00005R2BG|4.0|It seems like everyone I talk to about this movie has a strong opinion of it. They either absolutely love it or absolutely hate it. There have been a few borderline opinions, but for the most part it's a love/hate movie. <br />I thought I would love Moulin Rouge. It seemed like my kind of movie. I've always been a sucker for musicals, afterall. I didn't hate it, but I didn't really love it either. I'm one of the few people who falls in the in-between pile. I thought that the movie was great as far as visual effects and costumes go. The acting was also very good and the singing could have been much worse, but a note to the leads- don't quit your day job. The movie managed to be funny, happy, thought-provoking, and ultimately tragic. It was a very emotional movie and even made me get a little teary eyed at the end. <br />The main plot in Moulin Rouge centers around the love between Satine and Christian. Their love was really a fairly typical Hollywood love affair though. They fall for each other too quickly and form an inseperable bond that was really unrealistic. While I did think their relationship was very sweet, the cynical person in me couldn't help noting how completely unrealistic it was. <br />I can see how a lot of people would hate this movie and how others would adore it. It really depends if you let yourself get into it, I think. Only if you ignore the semi-butchering of songs you love and the underdevelopment of the characters, and just let yourself get lost in the eye-candy and craziness before you, will Moulin Rouge really take off.
B000056HRZ|5.0|In my humble opinion, this is the greatest Humphrey Bogart movie, and one of the greatest of all times. Only an great actor like Bogie could make you feel Rick's pain, solely through facial motions, the first time Rick sees Ilsa at his cafe. Claude Rains is perfect in his role, and the supporting actors and actresses make this an incredible film! What the filmmakers did with black and white is exquisite! I would recommend this film to anyone! Buy it and enjoy!
B00005OWEG|5.0|I like all kinds of movies so I'm not always set on just one genre.  I found Apocalypse Now excellent.  It's not a war movie where you see all the war grounds fighting or anything.  It's behind the scenes about what really did go on sometimes in vietnam (setting up to kill commanders)  The music in the background fits the time perfectly and Francis Ford Coppola is excellent.  Now with the new Redux version you get even more footage of the movie.
020161622X|5.0|This book is simply exceptional book to know \\"craftmanship\\" as computer programmer. The book explains how to be \\"being a good programmer\\" rather than how to program. The authors doesn't show how to code hash-table, how to fix subtle bugs, or how to choose better data-structure or algorithms. Instead they spend many pages to exhibit good attitude, thinking-way when to be programming. <br />Unfortunately, the book is a little expensive despite it has just about 300 pages and big letters and wide spaces. What's more, it is not well organized. The sections have many cross-references.<br />But, the book gives us how to be simply \\"better\\" programmer, which other books don't cover. Being better programmer is not synonymous with being knowledgeable brainy programmer, but he is a man who doesnt neglect nasty code.<br />I strongly recommend the book for all programmers from beginners to hackers, and even someone who wants to know what's a programmer.
078401213X|5.0|I don't understand all the terrible reviews this movie is receiving.  This movie never pretended to be a movie about math.  It simply uses mathematics as a vehicle by which to deliver a plot. I personally loved this movie. The nightmarish visions, deft soundtrack, and generally dark feel to this movie have left an indelible impression on me. There is so much garbage put out by Hollywood. The masses eat it up. I commend Aronofsky for his work. Between this and Requiem, he is definately one of the few bright hopes we have for director's with an artistic sense, and the ability to disturb. I reccomend this movie to anyone who likes non-mainstream cinema, and cerebral stimuli.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|I didn't exactly know what to expect from this film upon seeing it, but it completely blew me away.  It is at once funny, gripping, and extremely creepy.  Jake Gyllenhaal gives an excellent performance as the teenage schizophrenic Donnie, and although the rest of the cast is solid, he definitely carries the film.  There were many moments in the film were I found myself going, &quot;Whoa,&quot; and I had to pause it to let my brain catch up.  As the plot deepens, you can see all of these elements and subplots coming together, and it is sometimes enough to widen your eyes and make you shiver as you see another piece of the puzzle snap into place. The film's culmination will stay with you for a long time.  It is probably one of the best films I've ever seen about time travel (and one of the best in general), and it treats the concept with intelligence and skill.  I say &quot;Watch this movie immediately&quot; to anyone who is willing to work some for the answers to the movies they watch.
6304806434|4.0|Jerry Bruckheimer had to go it alone on this one after his producing partner Don Simpson passed away, but he pulls it off nicely here, Con-Air is a very fast-paced action movie with Nicolas Cage as a paroled inmate who gets caught up in a series of mishaps aboard a cargo plane transporting vicious criminals who seize it after pulling the element of surprise on the guards, John Malkovich (looking somewhat like Stone Cold Steve Austin) leads the attack, & creates a fearful villian in which Cage must decieve into believing that he to is in on the act, when in reality he is thinking of ways to save the innocent passengers, John Cusack is the federal marshall who must keep calm as he & several DEA agents think of ways to bring the plane to safety, this film has many neat action set-pieces that only Bruckheimer & Co. can pull off, but the most interesting part is Steve Buschemi who is later brought on board as a Hannibal Lecter-type that scares Ving Rhames mean criminal, just watching Rhames' reaction is funny, but the ultimate highlight of this film is the climatic sequence in Las Vegas, after nearly being shot down by over-zealous DEA agents, the plane soon heads toward the Las Vegas strip in a scene that has to be seen to be believed, it almost reminds you of the film \\"SPEED\\". Everyone plays ther roles to perfection, it may be somewhat overblown in its attempt to create action, but it definately delivers the action, that has a feel-good ending.
B00000K3D4|5.0|I remember watching this when I was little in the 80's.  They had it on at daycare and such.  I recently started watching it again and I find it just genious.  With the 21 century with all computer animation and special effects it's refreshing to see a movie like this.  The puppets are so unique I even find some of them cute looking.  It's a great story and David Bowie's in it.  Even if you weren't a child of the 80's you should appreciate this movie and check it out.
0201485672|3.0|First of all, this book is good to understand the meaning of refactoring and its techniques. If you are a beginner programmer, the book is quite helpful to know how to do refactoring, and why and when to do it.<br />However, the problem is the book is a &quot;book&quot;. Many programmers may feel familiar with stories and techniques in the book. The techniques in the book, though, are not exceptional, unfortunately. For example, the book explains how to make a temporary variable or how to eliminate it for a couple of pages! This kind of thing is a common work for programmers. Many don't have to learn that.<br />One of problems of refactoring for experienced programmers is that refactoring means not add features but \\"change\\" existing code. Although giving benefits, refactoring gives some problem. For example, when working as team, it is hard to even change the name of method because the change often causes conflict among sourcecode. The book doesn't give any solution of this problem.<br />In conclusion, I don't recommend this book for experienced programmers.
0380733358|5.0|Ken Follett was probably the best of this type back in the 70's; I would even go so far as to say that was his best period outside of The Pillars of the Earth.   This book gives you a very good story that I found difficult to put down.  Follett is great at developing his characters; you really get a feel for them.   He also always gets the facts correct and is very generous with the historical items.   He also writes a book that does not talk down to the lowest common denominator of the audience.  This book is very good and one that should be read before many others of the same type.
B000002HHB|5.0|For all those Natalie Merchant fans out there, I believe &quot;Tigerlily&quot; is her best effort to date.  This album highlights one instrument--the artist's voice, more so than anything from her 10,000 Maniacs days (with the exception possibly of the &quot;Unplugged&quot; album); and while I agree that the overall tone is somber, cuts like &quot;River,&quot; &quot;Beloved Wife,&quot; The Letter,&quot; &quot;Cowboy Romance,&quot; etc. are somber yet often quite moving.  In short, if you are a fan of Natalie's unique, haunting vocals, you will love this CD.  A must buy for all NM fans!!
B00005BJ2O|4.0|As fascinated as I am with the film, Moulin Rouge the Soundtrack was rather disappointing. This CD does not have some of the greatest songs of the movie, like &quot;The Pitch (Spectacular Spectacular)&quot;, &quot;Like a Virgin&quot;, &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot;. If you like these songs, I'd recommend getting the 2nd CD, that one has them! Although I'm still happy that I bought the first CD since the quality of songs is a lot better than the second one.
B00003CXAA|5.0|The Godfather films are all brilliant. The Godfather parts one and two are very similar in the way they were done,in that they glorify the mafia to a certin extent. The third film shows how a life of crime and sin takes it's toll. The change in feel could possibly be the reason some people don't like the third film. <br />The Godfather<BR>This is the first of the outstanding Coppola trilogy. We open at Don Vito's (Marlon Brando) daughter's wedding. Then for the next three hours we are taken into the New York mafia through the eyes of Michael Chorleone(Al Pacino). This film makes you want to be in the mafia but upon analyzing the film you will find the reson for this, even though these men do terrible things they are doing for the family, so you forgive them. This film really stands out and holds the Acamedy Award for Best Picture of the Year.<br />The Godfather Part Two<BR>This is exactly what they call it: a brilliant campanion piece to the orignal Godfather. Michael's (Al Pacino) rise is shown intertwined with the rise of Vito (Robert De Niro). This is in my opinion this best film ever made in America, with no insult intended to Citizen Kane. This film won the Acamedy Award for Best Picture of the Year.<br />The Godfather Part Three<BR>The Godfather Three is the worst of the three, but it is still a great film. The only problem in this film is the absence of Robert Duvall as Tom Hagen and Andy Garcia's sterotypical Italian performance. Garcia is pretty fair in this movie though, but Al Pacino is, as always, an acting \\"artist\\". His performance is the best in all three films. This sequel changes the feel of the first two movies, a move not expected by most, but it still made for a great three hours.<br />The Specil Features Disc<BR>The Trilogy features some fantastic special features. Including a family tree, over thirty deleted scenes set up in the order they would have apeeared, a timeline, Academy Award exceptance speeches, trailors, and much more. Possibly the best special features of any DVD we have seen so far.<br />Overall the set is worth the price and is a film that should definatly be viewed by anyone mature enough to handle it.
0451163540|5.0|I think this is the period of time when Ken Follett was probably at the top of his game.  This book comes close to The Pillars of the Earth.   This is a great story, similar to The Sum of All Fears just 15 years earlier and better action.   Follett has always been great at developing his characters and he does it again with this book.   And he always gets the facts correct; he must spend a good deal of time researching the topics.  This book moves very fast and has a number of twists, there is real suspense built up through out the book.  This book is one of the best of the class.
B00004YYDI|5.0|If you think you have seen this movie by watching the U.S. version you are wrong.I loved the U.S. version.But put the two films side by side and the uncut version blows it away.Get it,it's worth twice the price.
0375704027|4.0|Written between Hard-Boiled Wonderland and Dance, Dance, Dance, Norwegian Wood is a very different sort of novel for Murakami.  <br />Set in Tokyo and in a mountain sanatorium in the late sixties, it is, one suspects that this is a very autobiographical, Murakami's gentle protestations to the contrary notwithstanding.  This is the story of a college student, Toru Watanabe, trying to find himself, to grow up, to make a commitment to someone, and to be true to that commitment.<br />The choice of the song Norwegian Wood as a title is appropriate, especially regarding the song's little known subtitle (take a look at the Rubber Soul album and you'll see it), This bird has flown.<br />Watanabe once had (and was had by) two girls, one of whom is sliding slowly into complete mental disintegration, (this would be the bird that has flown) the other - feisty, independent, but as desperately lonely as Watanabe - lodging the claims of love, life, and a warm body against those of past pledges-pledges Watanabe views somewhat differently than the girl in question.<br /> ... First of all, this is an early effort-one would expect a bit of a shortfall in the sophistication department given Murakami's age when hr wrote it.  More importantly, however, is the subject matter.  This is a story of personal introspection about a romance-not about the alienation and anomie inherent to complex, inhumane, technocratic societies.  Of course the elements of style Murakami would impose on these two radically different subjects is different.<br />At it's core, this is a tale of loss.  Watanabe ends up losing his love in various ways and to various degrees throughout the book till she's finally totally gone in the end.  The book is about how Watanabe copes with these various elements of loss.<br />I can understand why some fans of this author would find the book disconcerting as it is well outside the typical structure of a Murakami novel and the effects of this departure, given the extraordinarilydistinct style Murakami normally utilizes, seem magnified over what would be expected from a more mainstream author.  Don't let such comments dissuade you from reading this novel.  I greatly admire Murakami's other work and liked this as well.  It's a book that can be thoroughly enjoyed by anyone willing to accept it for what it is rahten than impose their own expectations on it.
B00005RHGL|4.0|Tombstone isn't the best western ever but it has to be in some critics top ten. I contribute this to the leading four men, Kurt Russel, who is perfect as Wyatt Earp, Val Kilmer, who delivers the best Doc Holiday in film history, Sam Elliot who is great(as always)as Virgil Earp, and Bill Paxton as Morgan Earp.<br />Make no mistake, the plot goes far beyond Tombstone and the gunfight at the O.K. Carral and tells the whole story of Wyatt and Doc, to a certain degree. <br />Some parts of it seemed to be a throwback to the westerns of yesteryear. Tombstone is a very well done popcorn film or should I say spaghetti western. It's an outrageous film that you will either love or hate. I love it and would recommend it to anyone who wants to be entertained by possibly the best popcron movie ever.
0451163516|4.0|This is not a bad effort from the author but his recent books have been better.  It sometimes seemed to me that the story line was moving away from the believable.  The story did move very quickly and you can stay interested in the book for many hours at a time.  The most fun I got out of the book was the descriptions of the time frame and the tradecraft used.  If you are interested in reading some of his earlier works then I would suggest Triple or his best work Pillars of the Earth.
B000002H48|5.0|With some obvious exceptions, very few of the songs on this set sound dated.  I personally gravitate more towards the ballads like Bonnie Raitt and her signature &quot;Angel from Montgomery&quot; (this one sounds better than the original album version).  J.T.'s &quot;Captain Jack's Drunken Dream&quot; is another one of my favorites.  The covers of various anti-war tunes are also good.  Of course all the songs performed by The Boss are awesome - what a great live performer.
0784011680|5.0|I happen to be one of the people who really like this movie. When I saw previews for it I was disapointed that it didn't show in my home town. Then years later I found it at a rental place and finally got to see it. What I experienced was a marval. I had never seen a Chaplin movie before and found myself wanting more of the real stuff too. So I bought this movie and proceeded to rent or buy as many of Chaplin's old movies as I could find. This movie is inspiring, it really allowed me to get into the head of the greatest comedy genius of all time, and it was a darned good movie as well. I highly recommend.
B000002KB8|5.0|... <br />In my humble opinion this is the album that really started \\"Heavy Metal\\" & for my money has rarely been bettered (if at all). Every track's a winner (no fillers here). Full of fantastic riffs & power cords, Ozzy's magnificent voice, a brilliantly expressive bass & great drumming.<br />The year was 1970 & it was to be a shocker in more ways than one. We'd see the Beatles disintegrate horribly & Jimi Hendrix, would very sadly die. There was just so much happening in the music world, it was a very, very exciting time. These were the halcyon days of Cream, Deep Purple, Fleetwood Mac, Free, Jethro Tull, Pink Floyd etc. And from out of this fantastic smorgasbord of influences, styles & experimentation came \\"Black Sabbath\\" with this sound, this unbelievable sound, unlike anything we'd ever really heard before. You could say Led Zeppelin had started the ball rolling the year before with the wonderful \\"A Whole Lotta Love\\", but it was Black Sabbath that really laid the foundations & showed everyone else how it should be done (Budgie would very soon follow with another great self titled album).  <br />The album \\"Black Sabbath\\" was released on Friday the 13th of February 1970. Amazingly, it was recorded in just 3 days & all for a mere 600 English pounds. It & it's 70's production still stand proud today. If you like ROCK music then this album MUST be in your collection. It really is the holy grail of Heavy Metal music. As soon as you hear the opening few chords you'll know I haven't led you astray & there'll be a big smile on your dial. If you haven't heard it yet, don't waste time - just BUY IT (& turn it up loud)!  You'll be so very, very glad you did!  Look for the 1996 remastered CD version which also includes \\"Wicked World\\" (the B-Side to their 1st single \\"Evil Woman\\") which was never released on the original vinyl album.
0553266306|5.0|This is one of the author's better books.  The story and the plot are great, so much so they have been used in any number of other books and movies.  This is the original and the best.  Sure there are a lot of people to keep track of but that does not take away from homing in on the main characters and keeping them straight.  Overall the writing is good and the author spends a good deal of time on the main characters.  This is worth the time to read.
0345448898|4.0|By way of a spying expedition Lyra overhears her uncle ( her father actually ), Lord Asriel, address a group of scholars about a strange phenomenon  in the northern wastelands. Shortly afterwards her kitchen-boy friend Roger and a few others are  kidnapped by a group of child snatchers. Lyra almost meets the same fate, but is rescued by a group of concerned Gyptians who are the parents of some of the disappeared. Equipped with an Alethiometer - an instrument that can reveal future and past events.. and more - Lyra embarks upon rescue mission.  <br />I was asked by my pre-teen nephews what I thought of Philip Pullman's Dark Materials books. I told them that I didn't know, and wasn't too keen on finding out after soldiering through the tiresome Harry Potter quartet. Then a short documentary appeared on the BBC a couple of months later featuring Philip Pullman and a focus on the Dark Materials books... it didn't look too promising. But my curiosity was piqued. So I bought the troika and started with The Golden Compass / Northern Lights to see how it would go.<br />Your attention is immediately drawn to the gushing accolades on the cover and first group of pages by people who have won prizes and are - in many cases - professional magazine or book publishers / editors, making a reasonable person assume that there is indeed a rich harvest to be reaped from the narrative within. And, to a reasonable degree, you won't be disappointed. <br />Unfortunately this book really ambles along, with an occasional burst of energy that saves it from being gracefully retired. Some of the reasons for this are as follows:<br />Lyra and her daemon, Pantaliamon, are suddenly introduced in the first page with no indication as to what a daemon is. And a contradiction is suggested as to why Lyra's daemon and the servant's daemon aren't aware of each other and so give Lyra away as she and Pantaliamon hide from the servant's normal view. This matter is - later on - taken a stage further when Lyra, hiding from her pursuers aboard a Gyptian boat, has to be secreted within a cedar-wood box so that Pantaliamon is suitably subdued and rendered invisible  to the pursuers' daemons.<br />This sense of vagueness permeates the Oxford section of the book. the world in which the characters inhabit a kind of Victorian / Edwardian version of our own, but is actually intended to be a slightly skewed, parallel version. I found this to be annoying and distracting until I simply ignored the matter as an idea that hadn't been tidied up.<br />There are too many characters, which simply give an 'everything and the kitchen sink' quality to the story, their use being justifiable only in that they are used to convey some background information or to make a point. This, in conjunction with Philip Pullman's loose narrative style, robs the story of the energy I would have liked to have seen. But his writing is very consistent and more agreeable than J K Rowling's, so I'll be getting on with The Subtle Knife.<br />I know this is meant to be a book for kids, but its contents and the aforementioned endorsements make for a very bad example.
6301966511|4.0|Now sadly better known as the last film Natalie Wood worked on (she died during production in November 1981), BRAINSTORM is actually a painfully underrated science fiction/suspense thriller with a fascinating and sometimes chilling premise.<br />Christopher Walken and Louise Fletcher are the lead scientists in an experiment to develop a device that can transfer the sights, sounds, thoughts, smells, and impressions of one person to the mind of another.  When success finally comes as the result of a series of tests, first with their principal backer (Cliff Robertson) then a group of willing participants, they know that they've created one of the great scientific breakthroughs of all time.<br />Problems, however, arise when government agents step in, putting their own design on the device for something much more sinister--Brainwashing.  When Fletcher dies of a heart attack, they see their way into taking the machine by force.  But Fletcher has also recorded a tape of her death throes, and Walken becomes so obsessed with playing that tape that he is forced into a conflict with both Robertson and the feds.  As he tells his wife (Wood), this is a chance to take a scientific look at the scariest thing a person ever has to face.<br />Combining science fiction with metaphysics, BRAINSTORM is effectively directed by Douglas Trumbull, the special effects maestro behind the landmark effects work of Kubrick's 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY, whose first film, 1972's SILENT RUNNING, is now a minor sci-fi cult classic.  The special effects work here remains incredibly first-rate, and the music score by James Horner, a mix of orchestral and choral elements, is absolutely right for the film.  That such a film should be concerned with metaphysics and the afterlife is not surprising; the story (which screenwriters Robert Stitzel and Phillip Frank Messina adapted for the screen) is by Bruce Joel Rubin, whose 1990 screenplay for GHOST would win an original screenplay Oscar.<br />Though some of the dialogue is a bit clunky and the acting doesn't work all the time, one could do far worse than BRAINSTORM.  To this day, it remains a visually stunning and emotionally moving experience like few before or after it.
B000002KFJ|5.0|The first time that I heard this recording, I did not know who it was. Take into account that I had already heard paranoid and mob rules and thought that I new what sabbath sounded like. The first track that I heard was The Writ. This is Ozzy screaming at such a high pich that he sounded like a demon. Hole in the sky was secound to come. This also blew me away. I immediatley went out and bought this album. Master of reality, Sabbath bloody Sabbath,  and Vol.4 are great progressive albums, but they all are secound to this cd. This is with out a doubt Black Sabbaths heaviest recording! So much so that if you are not a serious hard rock fan or Sabbath fan this CD will probably affend your sences. This Cd to me is A DIAMOND IN THE RUFF! Ozzy is at his prime!!!!!!!!!
0345298349|5.0|This book is great, the best out of the series.  You know it is good because of all the other books that claim to be just like it.   This was really the first book that I believed the dark disgruntled cop roll, he really sells it well.   I like the plot twists and the pace.  There is also a lot of time dealing with life in the USSR, which is great background.   This is really a good book and much better then the movie.  Once you read this you will search out the rest in the series.
B000002AH1|5.0|Well, there's not much disagreement on the quality of this album. I've had this music since it first came out on vinyl, and it has not aged at all. One of the best Miles albums ever, in my mind. Right up there with Jack Johnson, On The Corner, and Get Up With It (you might notice I'm a little biased towards the later fusion period). Some of the most amazing sounds ever recorded.     I noticed that Michael Henderson even took the time to post something here. Thanks Michael! He's one of the best bass players ever. His playing is perfect throughout. Just perfect at keeping the groove going, without the pointless ego tripping that flaws the work of so many bassists these days... Awwww[...] sweet.
6302453356|2.0|Aside from \\"1941\\", HOOK is the only Steven Spielberg I have ever seen that I can comfortably live without in my video collection.  To this day, a little over ten years after having first seen it, my impressions of the film have barely budged at all.  There's lavish sets, huge crowds, spectacular special effects, and a trio of normally first-rate actors--namely Robin Williams, Dustin Hoffman, and Julia Roberts.  But there is simply no memorable movie-going experience given all this and the man behind the camera.<br />Spielberg has often cited his love for the Peter Pan story, and critics, both friends and enemies alike, have portrayed him as the real-life Hollywood version of Peter Pan.  Thus, it was perhaps inevitable that he would make a film on the legend, resetting it in modern times.  The problem is, however, he spent gargantuan amounts of money (at least $60 million) on sets, stars, and special effects that he forgot to put a real, effective story.<br />Hoffman, under all that make-up, makes for a very devious title character who kidnaps the kids of Peter Pan (Robin Williams), who is now Peter Banning, businessman.  Indeed, Hoffman's performance is one of the highlights of this shockingly inert fantasy film; the legendary Maggie Smith's performance as Wendy is the other.  Williams, normally a comic genius, gets very little to work with here; he is just plain bland.  And Roberts tries to be cute as Tinkerbell, but instead gives probably the tackiest performance of her career.  And the kids who play the Lost Boys are absolutely the most obnoxious bunch!<br />Not even John Williams' great score can save this staggering disappointment from Spielberg.  HOOK only went to show that bigger isn't always better, especially if the story just sits there on the screen and does nothing.  One expects more from Spielberg than this.  Thankfully, he was able to recover yet again, as he had after \\"1941\\", going on to give us JURASSIC PARK, SCHINDLER'S LIST, and more.
0971855110|5.0|This book is the key to overcoming my procrastination and having the wonderful home my family and I deserve.  The routines are easy and take just a few minutes a day.<BR>  <BR>After about six weeks of following the routines, this morning I didn't &quot;dress to my shoes&quot; because I was heading out for a few hours.  What a difference that made!!  I didn't accomplish much of anything today, except shining my sink.  But that's all right because Marla says I'm not behind and can start over again tomorrow.<br />Areas that I'd previously considered cleaned and organized became even cleaner and better organized and areas that were cluttered became cleaner and better organized as I removed items which no longer blessed my family.  After 40 years in the same home, I'm finally getting a larger house--just by following Marla Cilley's routines.<br />My home didn't get cluttered in a day and it isn't getting cleaned in a day, but every day it's cleaner than the day before and I still have resources for the rest of my day.  No more spring cleaning and fall cleaning for me.  I now clean for 15-30 minutes a day.<br />And this book isn't just about organizing my chaos, it's also about remembering to take care of me.  Since I set out my meds in the evening, I remember to take them the next morning.  <br />If you love your family and your home and yard, this book's perfect for helping you organize your belongings and your life.
B00005QK3W|5.0|I honestly think this is a 4 star effort (ok maybe 3.5) ...<br />McCartney has put together 16 songs that run the gamet of ballads to rockers. Some of the songs do seem to linger too long but overall there is some great music on this CD and it is amazing how much great music Paul has put out over his last three CD's (Flaming Pie, Run Devil Run & Driving Rain).<br />Driving Rain has songs that do not hook you after one listen but they grow on you after each listen. Trust me, you will want to play it over and over.<br />The best songs (and there is about 10 very strong tracks) include the opening track \\"Lonely Road\\", the tribute to Heather \\"Loving Flame\\" and the touching \\"Your Way\\". ...<br />Buy Driving Rain (and his last 2 CD's) and go see Paul in concert. The show was amazing! The man is amazing!
B000002HRE|5.0|This album rocks. I have heard lots of \\"die hard\\" Metallica fans that say all the new stuff [isn't good].  You need to loosen up.  If you were real \\"die hard\\" fans, you would like everything Metallica comes out with.  I like this album, Load, and most of the old stuff Metallica came out with.  Rock On Metallica.
B000002JSN|5.0|I've only been listening to Zeppelin for about a year now, and I just recently picked up Physical Graffiti, and I've listened to it constantly. It grows on you. Let's break it down track by track:<br />Custard Pie-Awesome rock and roll. Starts off the album on a great note.  Grade: B+<br />The Rover-Starts off like a heavy metal song, but turns into a catchy, Led Zeppelin song.  Grade: A-<br />In My Time of Dying-11 minutes of slide guitar and rock and roll. One of their best epic songs.  Grade: A<br />Houses of the Holy-Good song, maybe a little long for what it does.  Grade: B<br />Trampled Underfoot-One of the weakest songs on Physical Graffiti. Just boring. Incredible that they released it as a single.  Grade: C<br />Kashmir-Everyone knows it. Good song, but overrated.  Grade: A-<br />In the Light-Outstanding.  The simple yet hard riffs are a great immediate follow up to Kashmir.  Grade: A+<br />Bron-Yr-Aur-Good way to mellow out. Nice having some acoustic guitar.  Grade: B<br />Down by the Seaside-This has grown on me. It starts off slow, but the bridge makes the song worth listening to.  Grade: B<br />Ten Years Gone-Awesome. That's all I have to say.  Grade: A+<br />Night Flight-Great song, sounds like it should have been on the Houses of the Holy album, but fits on Physical Graffiti.  Grade: B+<br />The Wanton Song-This just doesn't do it for me. It's in a peculiar place on the album. The second disk is more mellow, but this song is more rock.  Grade: C+<br />Boogie With Stu-This, along with the Wanton Song and Trampled Underfoot, are the worst songs on the album. It doesn't do anything for me.  Grade: D<br />Black Country Woman-Great acoustic guitar in this song. Jimmy Page is clearly the star for this track.  Grade: A+<br />Sick Again-Good way to end the album. I can't help but compare it to Custard Pie.  Grade: A
6304696566|5.0|This is by far the best westeren to date.  John fords attention to deatil, and awesome locations, (Monument Valley) blend beautifully with the color film.  The story is original, and  John Wayne does such a superb job in his chararcter of &quot;Ethan&quot;.<BR>The supporting cast such as Jeffery Hunter, and Ward Bond add further to the mix of making this film a all time classic then, now, and for decades to come. I recommend this film highly, espeacially if you are a John Wayne fan, and or a true westeren buff.
B00004Z459|5.0|All I know is that when Linkin Park began to get big press before their first album was released, I laughed.  Hard.  The next Limp Bizkit on the way; just what we all need.  I heard Crawling, was a little surprised, then borrowed the album from my friend.  Damn, it blew me away. I still blast it in my house and car -- it's a truly sweet mix of guitars, good lyrics, and the many overlayed guitar and vocal tracks they use, as well as parts on the album that even sound like sequencing is being used.  But it's not overdone, and is complimentary to music, I think.  I still dig track #1 the best overall, but there's not a weak tune on the whole album.  <br />Bottom Line: get it and try it.  If you don't think it rocks, someone you know will.
B00005ASOC|5.0|This movie was real good. I have a friend who is this movie.
B00005O5CM|4.0|I normally don't watch movies like this (you know, the &quot;You go girl!&quot; girl-power films), but this one is actually a strong film.  Huh?<br />Yep, I said this was a strong film.  Regarding the comparison to _Clueless_, there's a huge difference.  _Clueless_ is a film in which the protagonist (named &quot;Cher&quot;) is an empty air-head whose major revelation is that her brother is actually someone she's morally and ethically able to date.  On the other hand _Legally Blonde_ has a lead character (named &quot;Elle&quot;) who is actually bright, but misdirected, and finds direction through situations that are somewhat implausible but still fun enough to enjoy.<br />Did I have believed this had the potential to be a good movie before I saw it?<br />No.<br />Do I think it's a good movie and would recommend it to others?<br />Yes.<br />Will you believe me?<br />Perhaps not, but if you're like me, you just may be surprised that a movie about the president of a sorority excelling at Harvard Law School is worth watching and (*choke*) provokes self-evaluation.
B00003W8NM|5.0|\\"Fight Club\\" is the best movie of all time. It has two of the best performances ever by an actor. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt are those two. Edward Norton is my favortie actor of all time and Brad Pitt is one of my 15 favorite actors. They make this movie come alive so well. Henla Boham Carter is also very good. She is also one of my favorite actress. Suprsingly Meat Loaf did a good job,which was unexpected. Every singel person in this movie was good not a bad performance to be found any where. The best stroy line and the best plot EVER! Probly the best job ever done by a director. David Fincher is the best director of all time. He is my favorite director. Edited every well. Shoot great.<BR>Everything about this movie is great. Not a thing wrong with it.<BR>The DVD is also the best DVD of all time. All the features are great. I can watch it all day every day!<BR>... <BR>-RuffRyders20013
B00005JKES|2.0|While I found the extra features to be great, and the intro by the log lady good, I must say this box set it quite a let down.<BR>Why?  Because it is not the 1st season as stated on the box set, it is part of the first season.  Gone is the 2 hour piolet episode which introduces the main characters, and where is the rest of the season?<BR>I only hope they do release the remainder of the series, as some of my favourite episodes were toward the end of series one.<BR>ie - Madie's demise, Harold, and Who killed Laura Palmer?
B0000640SA|5.0|\\"Memento\\" was the best movie of 2001. Hands down. I just love it.<BR>Seen it 5 times and it will never,ever get old. I figure some thing new out with every vewing and that is only something a truly great movie could do. The acting in the movie is top notch.<BR>Guy Peacer... is outstanding, he really makes you beilve that is chactor has this problem. Just look at his eyes, I mean he looks lost for godsake. Carrie Ann-Moss ...was really good. This is her best carrer performance. Joe Pilanto... was good. The stroy line and plot are origianl. Edited well. Shot very well. Christopher Nolan is a really good director. ... Now I own the original one disc DVD and I will buy this Special Limited Edition 2 Disc version. I hope they do something to watching it from start to end not end to satrt. But if they don't that is okay becaue both way's it would be great. I can't wait to see all the features on the second disc!...<BR>-RuffRyders20013
B000003BEV|3.0|Well about half of this one is acceptable and would have made an interesting psychedelic EP, the rest is lazy rubbish that's most un-Stonesish. It is nice to hear Bill Wyman, an underrated talent get one of his songs on a Stones album,even if the rest of the band didn't bother to play on it.The Stones basically went off the deep end on this record.Aftermath and Betwwen The Buttons were actually about as far as they should have gone in the psych realm,despite the fact that Majesties has a few gems.
B00005T30L|4.0|\\"Ghost World\\" was a good dark comedy. It works. The acting is good by a good cast. The stroy line and plot are good. One of the years best scriprts. Really funny. Worth seeing. The DVD's features are not anything great. I recomend this movie!<BR>7/10
6302797535|5.0|Some folks asked me, \\"Which came first: 'Murder By Death' or 'Clue'?\\"  Well, my answer was very simple: \\"Murder By Death.\\"  Murder By Death, release by Columbia Pictures in 1976 proved to be one of the most twisted, bizzare mystery films of that time.  The most hilarious of the roles was, of course, Inspector Wang, played by Peter Sellers.  Then you have Alec Guiness, playing \\"The Blind Butler\\" even before he was Obi Won Kenobi in 1977.  Truman Capote proved once more to be as feminine in his movies as he always was in real life. And even the \\"Deaf Maid\\" continued to use \\"Bounty\\" even after this movie.  So, the more you start to recognize the actors and actresses of this movie, who were not as yet popular, with the xception of Peter Faulk, who had already been playing \\"Columbo\\" at the time, this film is definately one for the history books!
B00003CXXP|5.0|A.I. is Steven Spielberg's take on Stanley Kubrick...and in my opinion, Speilberg was successful in creating a very &quot;Kubrickian&quot; tone and pace, while still leaving his signature of intense emotion.  The piece unfolds very gently, and Spielberg doesn't rush things, a trait which I've heard chided by others who have seen the film.  Speilberg uses a very static camera technique for much of the film, something Kubrick always utilized.<br />Haley Joel Osment is the only child actor who could have pulled off such a demanding role, and his performance is wonderful as usual.  Osment doesn't blink throughout the entire movie, something which takes great concentration while still giving a very convincing performance.  As is present in many Spielberg films, Osment's David is built upon the emotional strength of innocence.  His quest for love and normalcy is quite touching, especially by the last frame of the film, when you're left to think...and think I did.<br />The visual effects are nothing short of spectacular and seamless.  The CGI effects are not used as flash, but as a necessary part of the setting and flow of the film...expertly executed.<br />Granted, not everyone will like this film, or leave the piece feeling fulfilled, but I for one did.  Highly recommended for those with the patience to let A.I. be A.I. until the end.
0767903862|5.0|This book is an excellent introduction to this vast country that is Australia.  In his journal, Bryson recounts all of his adventures and all of his yawns while down under. And he goes everywhere too! Whatever part of Australia you might be interested in whether it be Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Cairns, Darwin, Alice Springs, Perth or Surfer's Paradise it's all in this book.<br />Unlike most travel companions that try to convince you that every spot is worth your time, Bryson is brutally honest.  If a place is boring and the pits, he'll let you know.<br />I definitely recommend this book both as a travel guide and as a comic adventure. Bill Bryson's writing style is hilarious.  The only people I might not recommend this book to are those who might not have the time or financial resources to ever go to Australia. After reading In a Sunburned Country, you'll wish you were there.
0380778556|4.0|Rebecca is a book whose name and cover force recollections from many readers of fiction.  I had somehow escaped this story during  my younger days but am delighted to have found it as an adult.  The opening paragraph has the power to remove you from your surroundings and drop you into the rural landscape of early 20th C England.  The demure yet unpolished and insecure young protagonist forces us to connect personally to her constant neurosis concerning her adaptation into the DeWinter home. We have all felt at times so unsure of ourselves and questioned nearly everything and everyone around us. It is this instant symbiotic connection with this young woman which makes the story so engaging.  We hope vicariously that her instantanteous entrance into high society is smooth and successful but cower with her when her youthful naivete bungles the daily household management.  However, when her paranoia leads her to unearth Rebecca's memory, the real story begins.  What a great way to spend a reading respite.  I'll definitely be reading it again!!!
B00005V1Z0|5.0|Tomb Raider rocks.  Angelina Jolie was the perfect pick for this roll. She's athletic and cocky enough to bring Lara Croft to life. There's just enough action with just enough breaks in just the right places and the perfect amount of &quot;comic relief.&quot;  So worth the purchase that I bought an extra for when the first tape wears out!!
B00005O5JV|5.0|This is a faboulous movie. Nothing gets better, the more you watch it the better it gets. I mean this movie is hot suff. Its great for girls 10-15 and higher. Anyone can watch it. I love it and watch it everyday. I am totally in love Resse Witherspoon and all the acting is great. Why wasn't it nominated for Best Picture? I love it and take my advice, I see a lot of movies and this one is great.
B00005JKED|5.0|The \\"coincidence\\" scene late in the film, which turned off a number of viewers (something which the director comments on in his commentary) happens to be my favorite scene in the whole film. The point of the film seems to be that the \\"thugs\\" an earlier poster decried have more of a sense of honor than the corrupt police, and it rewards the \\"good\\" cop played by Hawke, who, dimwit that he is, put himself into harms way to help someone even tho he didnt have to. Fuqua is trying to show that<BR>the people who live close to the street are not amoral savages <BR>but people with good in them who do recognize good in others. It doesnt make anarchic syndicalism any less hellish of a social system to my \\"law and order\\" sensibilities but I accept his point, and IMHO the actors pull it off. The scene I cant stand is the one where Denzel is shooting his gun sideways, like hes Chow Yun Fat. Its supposed to show how bad*** his character is but to me its the most unforgivably unrealistic moment in the show (I also have my doubts about Ethan walking off with all that money but hey he did have a gun). As far as Denzels performance... fantastic! From line delivery to facial expressions and ticks he is flawless.
B000002OZY|5.0|&quot;Tommy&quot; is an album unrivaled by many of the other rock n' roll albums of the period that are considered to be &quot;great.&quot; It gets to you...Pete Townshend's dipping, swirling music and surprisingly beautiful vocals, Roger Daltrey's pure vocal energy, the almost choral sound of the whole band singing (such as in &quot;Fiddle About&quot;). The songs are pure rock energy with beauty, not coarseness, mixed in. The story and lyrics, while interesting in their own right, are not what people should be concentrating on. It's the melodies, the guitar, and the voices that people should let sink in. There are some truly brilliant songs in here, and people should decide for themselves which ones they love.
0743442539|3.0|This is the first John Le Carre book that I've read, and given The Spy Who's renowned status, I came to it with high expectations. This was especially so, as I had previously enjoyed a number of articles by, and interviews with, David Cornwell/John Le Carre. His insight and turn of phrase was something that I already held in great respect, and I expected this book to be no different. However, whilst his central thesis - \\"a plague on both your houses\\" is compelling and beautifully drawn, I found that overall, it was somewhat bloodless. I wasn't expecting a \\"shaken, not stirred\\" take on Cold War espionage, but, for a book that is essentially character driven, the depictions often seemed more than a little antiseptic. This surprised me, and was completely at odds with the author's ability to convey the essence of his characters, using just a few strokes of the pen. It was just that there seemed to be no follow through. Indeed I often felt that the story was unfolding on a black and white telly, whilst I viewed it through the wrong end of a telescope. So, whilst I would recommend it, I did find it a little dry, and had to push myself a bit to complete it. However, I will go through it again, and will be interested to see how it reads a second time.
B00005JG6Q|5.0|I love Akira it is myt favorite anime ever!
B000001DQI|4.0|As time passed, I grew to like Elton John's music less and less.  I began to think of him as providing good, musically sound but often unexciting keyboard work for mediocre songs.  Perhaps this is why I think of this fine album as his best, like most do, with its combination of potent rock and roll and different aspects of quality and versatility (and some humor:  check out the amusing reggae experiment \\"Jamaica Jerk-Off\\").<br />In spite of the junky commercial \\"Bennie and the Jets,\\" the first part of \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road\\" contains Elton's finest work.  \\"Funeral For A Friend/Love Lies Bleeding\\" has electronically enhanced instrumentation, some fuzz box effect, and dazzling keyboard work.  It is Elton's magnum opus of a long cut.  The pretty \\"Candle In The Wind,\\" a tribute to Marilyn Monroe and later Princess Diana, is another fine entry.  The title cut is also excellent, superseding \\"Your Song\\" with its beautiful verselines.  For the rest, the highlights are the rockers:  the classic \\"Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting,\\" and also \\"Grey Seal\\" and the ultra-fast-paced \\"Your Sister Can't Twist.\\"  There is some aspect of unevenness to this album, which is why I gave it four stars, but it falls short of five only barely.
B00005QK3W|5.0|Fantastic and classic album by Paul, all the tracks are excellent except maybe two tracks. Otherwise its one of Pauls best albums. All the best from Sweden and Kenth.
B000002UAR|4.0|I enjoy every Beatles album, but I am different from most in that I do not put Revolver on a pedestal.  In fact, I rate four subsequent Beatles albums ahead of it.  Here, I review the British version, which has three entries from the American album \\"Yesterday and Today\\":  \\"I'm Only Sleeping,\\" \\"And Your Bird Can Sing,\\" and \\"Dr. Robert.\\"  All are great songs and among the betters songs on Revolver, so I think they average out to make the U.K. version better.  Still, I think it is accurate to say that when people speak of \\"Revolver\\" in such glowing terms, they are referring to the other songs, not worrying too much about the U.S./U.K. distinction.<br />In fact, \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" and \\"Yellow Submarine\\" are the only songs I put above the three previously mentioned.  My college music teacher said the former, along with \\"Yesterday,\\" was \\"the greatest chamber music of the 20th Century,\\" and listening to \\"Eleanor\\" makes you figure he was right without the need to sample the rest.  Altho it is not one of my personal top Beatles songs, I appreciate its majesty, and Paul's wringing observation about \\"all the lonely people.\\"  \\"Yellow Submarine\\" is one of Ringo's simple songs, fun and lilting, with very visual lyrics.<br />For the rest, I know I will upset some people, but I see nine good but generally somewhat overrated songs.  The ladies love the saccharine-sweet \\"Here, There, and Everywhere,\\" but it is a bit too cloyed for me.  George's entries, \\"Taxman,\\" \\"Love You To,\\" and \\"I Want to Tell You,\\" are relatively pedestrian for him.  \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\" has great sound effects that enhance the mystical verse, but later psychedelia of the group superseded it. Paul's \\"Good Day Sunshine\\" and \\"Got to Get You Into My Life\\" are cheerful and frolicking, but not Beatles standouts.  Same good, not great, comments for \\"She Said, She Said,\\" and \\"For No One.\\"<br />Don't get me wrong, this is a fine album.  When it's the Beatles, anyway, we merely have to echo what a friend once expressed tome: \\"Who doesn't like The Beatles?\\"  In sorting out the Fab Four's mass of brilliant music, we are all entitled to our preferences.
B000063CPL|5.0|So that is it. Bruce has come back to Maiden, as well as Mr. Adrian Smith. However, Maiden doesn't sound like they sounded in the 80's.<BR>This live album is just awesome, however the set list is not that good. I really don't think that songs like &quot;The Sign of the Cross&quot; and &quot;The Clansman&quot; should be in this album. I can't understand why they decided not to play songs like &quot;Futureal&quot; and &quot;Man on the Edge&quot; during their Tour. These songs sound much more maiden than the others. And due to the circumstances (it was a huge festival and the last show of the tour) I think that they should have played &quot;Runnng Free&quot;. <BR>In spite of that, it is an awesome album. We have the old songs like &quot;The Trooper&quot;, &quot;Iron Maiden&quot;, The Number&quot;, etc, and also the new ones. <BR>The new ones sond pretty much the same as they do in the studio. They didn't do any kind of improvisation, but they sound good live.<BR>The album was quite well mixed. The quality of the sound is good and clear. But I think they could have done a better job in the booklet. May be some more pictures of the crowd and some pictures of the city. But in the whole it is good.<BR>To sum up, I think this album is worth buying it. If you are a Maiden fan you should buy it.
6305841861|4.0|When I first saw Evil Dead II on opening night of it's original theatrical release, I was horrified to see that Director Sam Raimi had turned his back on my beloved horror genre, and made a bizarre splatter-slapstick movie, or what star Bruce <BR>\\"Ash\\" Campbell would later call \\"Splatstick\\". I spent the whole running time fuming over this betrayal. How could the man behind the awesome Evil Dead make this travesty?<br />  Well, with 15 years hindsight under my belt, I am now able to appreciate Evil Dead II for what it is: An over-the-top, out-of-control romp that keeps the blood gushing and the belly laughs coming from start to finish. <br />  After a brief recap of the first Dead flick, we have a new batch of victims come to the cabin to be menaced (along with the leftover Ash...) by the \\"deadites\\". Much carnage ensues.....<br />   The effects are great, and it's amazing to see what the filmmakers were able to accomplish with such a limited budget.<BR>The extras are a lot of fun, too. The commentary with Campbell & Raimi is hilarious and enlightening, and the featurette, \\"The Gore The Merrier\\" is must-see for deadheads. There's also a couple of still galleries, the theatrical trailer, and your choice of Widescreen or full-frame. (Pick widescreen!)<br />  As Ash would say, \\"Come get some!\\"
B00004RF9I|5.0|--when this film came out, people probably thought it was extreme.  Now?  It resembles the TV industry more than anything else before or since.  A scary backwords look at today that, unfortunately, came true.
B000002UAU|5.0|This was one of the first Beatle albums I ever owned.  And I think it's gotta be one of my absolute favorites out of all my collection.  It's trippy, it's joyful, it's a PERFECT reflection of the era in which it was written!  And it doesn't get much better than that infamous chord at the end of &quot;A Day In The Life&quot;!  Truly one for the books!  :-)
B00000IQC8|5.0|I appreciated this film more than any of Smith's others. It's a pure story, made by a wannabe and a bunch of his friends.  Truly deserving of praise, it gives a unique and real (and funny)view of life in customer service.
6304039506|5.0|Marlon Brando in His Peak&Prime Captured your attention in Film like so few before&since.Him&Vivien Leigh bring it Home in this Classic.Karl Malden is also solid.He is Very Underrated.this Film&it's subject matter where Ground-Breaking for it's time period.I like how films then you had to think things out without all the story&Graphic Nature all in your face.this is a Must have film.
0786880708|5.0|Jon Kabbat-Zinn is a man of remarkable insight and integrity.  His previous book &quot;Full Catastrophe Living&quot; was a gem of clinical wisdom.  This book is briefer and gives a sound overview of the value and practice of mindfulness meditation.  Let us all be where we are, and the world will be a better place for it.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is a stunning masterpiece that never got the recognition here (in the US) that it deserved. With the depth of Shakespeare, Yoji Matsuda has given us a story that puts shades of gray on Good and Evil.<br />  No one character can be labelled all good or all evil, as they decide how their actions will affect the outcome of their world. The world of Nature is pitted against the world of Man, and the ultimate battle ensues!<br />  Gorgeous forests and landscapes are the setting as the prince leaves his own village in search of a cure.  The music carries you away to believe in the story, set in medieval Japan.<br />  Children may enjoy the movie, but it was written for the enjoyment of adults; a rarity in animated movies. At 2 hrs.15 min.long, you still want it to continue!
6305171769|4.0|Halloween's Michael Myers  was the first, and possibly, the best of the masked serial<BR>killers which proliferated after it's success. Imitators included notoriety Friday the<BR>13's Jason. The Halloween franchise seemed to have exhausted itself after the dire<BR>Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers (1995), but one of the rules of  the slasher<BR>movies is that the killer is never really dead and can be revived. After the success of<BR>Scream (1996) and films like it the time seemed right to bring Michael Myers back.<BR>Also it was the twentieth anniversary of the first. Also this film had both money<BR>thrown at it. The previous six films had grossed over $200 million for a budget of $20<BR>million and some of those were truly dire (step forward parts three and six). This film<BR>has similar feel to Halloween (1978) in that the director crafted this film with love<BR>and Michael skulks around in the shadows in mark contrast to the high power lighting<BR>in Halloween II (1981). The murders in this movie however do owe more to such<BR>films as Friday the 13th (1980) and Halloween II (1981) instead of the first with there<BR>being lashes of blood and one scene which made everyone in the cinema which I was<BR>in wince.<BR> The nurse in part one and two Marion Chambers (Nancy Stephens) comes home to<BR>find that her home has been broken in to and the file on Laurie Strode (the victim in<BR>parts one and two) has been taken. The burglar turns out to Michael Myers (Chris<BR>Durand) who is back to his old ways. Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) after the<BR>events of Halloween (1978) and Halloween II (1981) has changed her name (to Keri<BR>Tate) and is a border line alcoholic. She has a son John (Josh Harnett), but there is<BR>conflict between them over her fears over Michael Myers. The plot (which these<BR>movies are notoriety thin) has the majority of the pupils at the bordering school go<BR>camping apart from Josh, his girlfriend Molly (Michelle Williams), her friend Sarah<BR>(Jodi Lyn O'Keefe) and her boyfriend Charlie (Adam Hann-Byrd). They stay behind<BR>to indulge in the kind of halloween fun which always seem to rile marauding<BR>psychopaths who populate this movies. It can safely (fingers crossed) that this will be<BR>the last one in the series. The reason being the ending although this is no guarantee.<BR>For an example of that look no further than Friday the 13th The Final Chapter (1984)<BR>which was promptly followed by five more sequels!<BR> Steve Miner (who directed Friday the 13th part two and Friday the 13th part three in<BR>1982 and 1983 respectively) has more of a feel for these type of movies than others in<BR>the series and it works. It has it's fair share of scares and is a more worthy sequel than<BR>others in the series. The writers has wisely jettisoned parts three to six and have<BR>concentrated on the ones starring Jamie Lee Curtis. The music is also noteworthy.<BR>The only gripe with the movie is that it lacks Donald Pleasance, but since he died three years before it was a bit hard even for horror movies which are notorious for bringing the dead back to live. The idea to have Donald Pleasance's voice over the credits at the beginning is a good one. It establishes a link with the first two and wisely by-passes parts 4 to six. It has the references which all films post-Scream (1996) have to have with an example of this being the theme song Mr Sandman from Halloween II (1981) making appearances periodically normally on the radio. It is Halloween updated for the post-Scream Dawson Creek generation and is all the better<BR>for it.
B00005V9L1|2.0|I really did not &quot;get&quot; this movie. I was very confused by the ending. I rented this movie thinking it was a thriller but its more science fiction, what with the concept of time travel. I felt there were characters in this movie which did not pertain to the main story line and added little to the plot. It took me three days to watch this film. Althought some parts of it were amusing, and interesting, I overall thought it a dull movie and not worth the time or the money I spent to rent it. And watch it TWICE??!!??? I dont think so.
0393317552|2.0|This book is an entertaining read: buy it for laughs. If you want a realistic treatment of the subject however, buy Victor Davis Hanson's _Carnage and Culture_.<br />Quoth Jared Diamond:<BR>\\"That is, in mental ability New Guineans are probably genetically superior to Westeners...\\" Really??? And this book won the Pulitzer Prize???<br />Quoth Jared Diamond:<BR>\\"In fact, as I shall explain in a moment, modern Stone Age peoples are on the average probably more intelligent, not less intelligent, than industrialized peoples.\\" Perhaps this statement can qualify him for the Oprah Winfrey Book Club?<br />So, the reason why Africa is such a hopeless morass, and why the Aborigines are still in the Stone Age, and why Arab countries are all suicide-bomb-promoting dictatorships, is because they are much more intelligent than Westerners? Didn't I tell you this book was entertaining?
0440219078|4.0|How can you live in a world with so many different rules?. I thought that the novel was a very interesting story. I enjoyed reading \\"the giver\\" I couldn't really picture what would happen next, it would always surprise me in some way.I liked this novel because it was different from all of the the other novels that I had read. I really learned alot from this novel,I learned that we are very fortunate to live a life so free.I also learned that we are very luckey to be able to see colour and feel pain and love.I really enjoyed this novel and I think that you would too!.
B00004U2HK|5.0|I Love This Musical!!!!!!!!  This is obviously the best musical to ever hit the movies.  I have never seen such a wonderful musical in my life. I have to watch this over and over again.
B00004WKII|5.0|In this 4 CD Box Set you never get the songs that are played on the radio, you get much more.  From the never before released versions of songs to live versions of songs you get to witness the incredible talents of the greatest guitarist to ever live.  The ability to manipulate his guitar never ceases to amaze me.  If you want the songs heard on the radio get the &quot;Best of&quot; if you want the true Hendrix experience get this.  R.I.P. Jimi Hendrix.
0060392886|4.0|This book is a riot.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because of the language and descriptiveness.  If you are not easily offended by decadence and debauchery, this book is for you.  It will also give you a better understanding about the band members and some of what they hae went thru.  I used to think Mick was just a freak that never spoke or moved--I found out why.  This book is truly in their own words, if you want to hear it staright from the horses mouth this is the book for you.
0767805712|5.0|Ignoring outlandish, jingoinistic &quot;let's save the world&quot; sci-fi films of late (The Fifth Element, Armageddon et all), Gattaca is true sci fi, based on the premise of man tampering with genetics. Directed by Andrew Niccol, the film is riddled with thought-provoking statements such as \\"there's no gene for fate\\".<br />Gattaca is one of the few science fiction stories that's set in the future, yet is bereft of the usual flying cars and time travel, with the film grounded in a distant reality, but still keeping certain elements of traditional sci fi in place.<br />While Ethan Hawke is the principal actor, the most outstanding presence in this film is definitely Jude Law, taking the somewhat limiting screen time to elevate the film's thoughtfulness with pathos and dignity.<br />Altogether, the film represents a new benchmark in proper sci fi, and with its vision based on reality; it's only a matter of time before the science fiction in Gattaca becomes science fact.
0385501560|2.0|Maybe I'm getting too old for this type of book, or maybe the events of September 11 have put things more into perspective, but I couldn't really tolerate another cynical, nihilistic 20-something-white-guy sarcastic navel-gazing commentary on the shortcomings of the disposible modern American culture.  (See: Brent Easton Ellis; Douglas Copeland).  <br />Hey, we've gotten the message about 30 times already! It's time to do something different with it!<br />Choke wouldn't have been so annoying in that regard if it wasn't for the fact that Fight Club was so good -- and although FC is probably the pinnacle example of the aforementioned navel-gazing, it did go a lot further, was surprisingly \\"deep\\", had a well-structured plot, a number of interesting characters, and touched on other issues such as identity, loyalty, friendship, delusion and free-will, giving it an unusual and thoughtful spin.<br />Choke, on the other hand, seems far more superficial, and amounts to a bunch of whiny \\"look how sarcastic and self-abusive I can be\\" anecdotes that, although they do supply a few funny moments, they do not tie together well, seem to contain little other meaning, and provide very little thought-provoking ideas.  Its sort of like a bawdy Sienfeld routine.  <br />Unfortunately, this one leaves you with the feeling of eating mediocre week-old Chineese food leftovers from the fridge -- at some point some time ago, it might have been passable when fresh, but by now it's been done so many times and so much better that you just want to chuck this one in the trash.<br />Hope the next one from Palaniuk has something new to say...
B00000JXHB|5.0|In the mid-70's, a little known band called THE OUTLAWS from Tampa, Florida, started making their way through the music charts reinforcing a relatively new genre of music called &quot;Southern Rock.&quot;  This was a true mesh of Rock n' Roll from the South with a Country flavor, and no other band heralds the center of Southern Rock than The Outlaws, except for Lynyrd Skynyrd.  What turns out to be their signature song &quot;Green Grass and High Tides&quot; is one that is cast into history as one of the greatest lead guitar songs of all time and it ranks right up there alongside of what &quot;Freebird&quot; is to Lynyrd Skynyrd, and what &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; is to Led Zepplin.  &quot;Green Grass and High Tides&quot; is a song that is any lead guitarist's dream to be able to emulate.  The lightning fast lead guitar riffs, played largely by leader Hughie Thomasson, are truly the band's musical conscience.  The Outlaws brought forth their &quot;Guitar Army&quot; into the limelight with many famous cuts featuring some of the most amazingly blistering fast lead guitar solos ever recorded.  If you don't think this to be true, then I challenge you to pick-up a guitar yourself and see if you can actually keep up with these masters.  If you can, come right on back and see me.  The Outlaws took the dual-lead concept even further, by introducing the third lead guitar, and they created a blend of timeless classic southern rock songs that will continue to tug on the heartstrings of every guitar empressario (or armchair expert), as well as anyone else who truly loves music.  I am so thankful that The Outlaws can still take me back to a time and a place when the music was as fresh as the paint on your neighbor's old muscle car.  One can compare the songs The Outlaws performed in their original recorded version with their live performances and be doubly blessed by the brilliance of this renown Southern Rock icon.  You would do yourself proud to own this and the many otheralbums by The Outlaws, especially their Live Album &quot;Bring It Back Alive.&quot;  I have seen The Outlaws in concert nine times over the years and I have never seen a band pour themselves into their music and care about their fans as much as did The Outlaws.
B00003CX5P|4.0|Terrific, fast-moving prequel with a fascinating insight into the origins of Annakin Skywalkers past, the war within the Alliance and the Jedi Council. I thought Ja Ja Binx was overratted and that Annakin Skywalker's master was the most underrated character in the movie. But some great acting and special efects with a fast-moving plot makes this movie a beauty!!
B000002O51|3.0|This album serves to prove that there is such a thing as overthinking a project. While not bad, per se, it feels rather uninspired. It lacks the spontinaity of the band's previous albums. I guess it just goes to show that spending 8 years working and reworking an album can cause you to lose sight of what is good.<BR>There are a few good tracks here, namely Amanda, I Think I Like It, and Hollyann, but nothing really measures up to anything on Don't Look Back or Boston.
0679736646|5.0|I was hesitant to leave a review for this book, since 36 people have already done so before me.  But I had to!  It's probably my favorite novel.<br />Although the first 50 pages or so might make you think of this as  a science fiction adventure about telepaths and terrorists, the story subsequently becomes rather ... um, weird.  It's a chilling study of reality.  People who have seen the film The Matrix will doubtless see how much that film borrows from Dick's sensibility, particularly in terms of this novel.<br />The book is somewhere between horror and science fiction.  Dick's interest in Gnosticism, the Kaballah, and Jungian psychology all factor into this nightmare-like story.  Other Dick novels with a flavor similar to UBIK's include THREE STIGMATA OF PALMER ELDRITCH, MAZE OF DEATH, and VALIS.  That's probably an overly short list, however, since most of his books deal with reality and metaphysics in some sense or another.<br />Five stars for sure, but for God's sake use only as directed.
B00005YW4H|2.0|For those who expected the style to be Jazz/Blues/Country will likely find the tendency to more country.  Not my taste.  At times he voice is a little raspy and bluesy but there is distinct &quot;twang&quot; that stands out in her voice along with the requistie country steel guitar.  Overall, I do like her voice but the combination of a lackluster music selection and a definite country slant just doesn't work for me.  Comparison to Diana Krall are inappropriate.
B00003OSTK|5.0|Lewis Stone tells the audience at the beginning of Grand Hotel that people come and go through the expensive hotel, but nothing ever happens.  Of course, the sharp viewer knows irony when he or she hears it, since the film then sets about to disprove his statement.  Burglar John Barrymore is at the centre of the action.  He's fallen in love with fading ballerina Greta Garbo, befriended dying office worker Lionel Barrymore who is at the hotel to live life before he dies, offended businessman Wallace Beery who is on the brink of financial ruin, and worked his considerable charm on stenographer Joan Crawford who has come to the hotel to work for Beery, but her job may go beyond typing.  Everyone is at a turning point in their entwined lives, and these moments are played out in various plot lines that link together beautifully.  Both Barrymores and Beery, along with Stone and Jean Hersholt give their customary excellent performances.  There are two surprises in the film:  Crawford and Garbo.  I haven't seen Crawford in a lot of films since she holds no appeal for me as an actress.  But in this film she lights up the screen with warmth, humour, energy, and real emotion.  Her phone scene with Lionel Barrymore is a great moment in the film.  Garbo, on the other hand, disappoints me in this film.  Apart from her famous moaning of vanting to be alone, she is excessively theatrical.   It's not easy to make a successful film with so many linked subplots, but Grand Hotel pulls it off with style, drama, fine acting, and humanity.  Nothing ever happens?  I don't think so!!
B000065U1N|5.0|From start to finish this movie had all the characteristics of an epic war flick. Character development,gripping action and realistic battle sequences and the Acting was superb. This movie rates right up there with Saving Private Ryan and Platoon.It really shows how our special forces can hold it all together while it is coming all apart.And the fact that it is all a true story greater exhonorates our brave forces.My advice,,,buy it,watch it, and read the book.
B00003W8NM|5.0|An amazing mind bending movie.  I was enthralled in the first five minutes.  Different than any other movie I have ever seen; it is one of my all time favorite.  How can you not like Brad Pitt and Ed Norton shirtless, and sweaty, the fact that the plot is also amazing is a wonderful bonus.  Check out the book, it's even better.  Not for the faint of heart or stomach.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|This movie should be seen. I doubt anything I say can match the impact of the film. This movie has been my addiction as of late it goes up there with films like fight club and so on. The end is so intense and keeps you thinking.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|What an amazing album.  This goes to show that great music is still being made today.  Bob tangles with a vast array of genres in this album (Bluegrass, Rockabilly, Vaudeville, Serenade, Hard Rock, Country).  This album is certainly one of my Bob favorites.
B00005YTFG|1.0|There are plenty of [bad] movies that I don't waste my time seeing because I can tell from the trailer, title, etc. that they'll [are bad]. This one, however, had a great trailer. The trailer was much better than the movie itself. The whole movie (or rather, the hour and a half that I saw, because I left before it was over) was like a trailer, like a commercial. . .I was sitting there in agony, wondering, When is the movie going to actually start??? I have seen plenty of musicals and do not hate musicals. . .which made me hate this travesty of a musical that much more. It does not reinvent anything! It's a gigantic waste of acting and technical talent. After an hour or so of valiantly trying to give it a chance, I decided it was wasting my time too, so I got up and walked out, and I have never walked out of a movie in my life. For all the people that liked it. . .I have to sigh, I feel like an old codger, I wonder what is wrong with people's minds these days. . .have you never seen a good musical. . .how could anyone in their right mind like this?? There wasn't a single enjoyable moment in the whole thing!!
B00001ODHL|4.0|This movie is a hoot!. I knew it would be from the beginning where it picks up where Evil dead 2 left. Ash ends up in the 12th century somewhere I guess in Europe ( oh yeah his car comes with him too)<BR>Right away the \\"primitive screwheads\\" have poor Ash in shackles making him jump into the pit with the demons that lay below. Of course he wastes both of them.<BR>The plot is once again about the book Necronomicon, which Ash needs to go back to his time and the village's wiseman tells Ash he must recite a phrase to retrieve the book, there is 3 located in this spooky cemetary. Ash of course goofs up the incantation and up starts coming the deadites (skeletons of course) who begin attacking Ash with 3 stooges routines ..i.e eye pokes finger in the mouth etc. But the real trouble starts when Ash's bad side comes out of a broken mirror (bad little Ash's) who mess with Ash in humourous ways, then one little ash jump down Ash's throat.<BR>Of course you can guess what transpires next<BR>This movie is a goof SFX are ok, the sets are good no complaints really. My wife also enjoyed this film<BR>Way to go Ash.. Um what about an Evil Dead 4?
0345448898|5.0|My brother first got this book for christmas in 97, he was never into books and it took him a year to get round to reading it. He said it was really good so I decided to have a read, and qute simply this is the best book I have ever read. Having finished all three I can say this trilogy is an amazing read and far better than similar books such as Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter.<BR>The book adresses so many different aspects that younger children may find it a bit overwelming, but for the more mature youth there is intregue, mystery, fighting, you name it, its here.<BR>These books are a must read and no mistake!!
B00005V9HH|5.0|By now everyone knows \\"The Usual Suspects\\" so I won't comment on the film, just this MGM Special Edition; and it is a prime example of just how well these can be done. As I said in the headline, this is worthy of the Criterion Collection but at a very affordable price.<br />Side One has both the widescreen and P/S formated versions (although who still wants to watch a cropped film with pan&scan camera movements the director never made is beyond me). The transfer is high-definition with superb picture quality augmented by 5.1 Stereo Surround Sound. This film on this DVD looks better than when it was on the big screen. This side also features two running commentaries: the one by director Singer and screenwriter McQuarrie is the same one on the first \\"Suspects\\" DVD which was taken from a special limited edition VHS (Letterboxed film, same plus commentary, and a third box of \\"collectables\\". I think I was the only one who bought this!) The second commentary of by John Ottman, the editor and composer, and this one is a revelation to anyone who is interested in filmmaking, specifically \\"putting the film together after the finished shoot\\": editing and scoring. After my initial viewing of the film I really didn't think I could sit through it again right away, especially with the incredible dialogue subdued. But after listening to Ottman for five minutes, his enthusiasm became contagious and I was hooked. There is plenty here that \\"Suspects\\" fans will appreciate.<br />Side Two has all of the extras and there are plenty of them. Two half-hour documentaries, (\\"Pursuing the 'Suspects'\\" and \\"Doing Time with the 'Suspects'\\") with the actors, Singer and Ottman. (I guess McQuarrie felt he did his part with the original commentary.) A twenty-minute documentary on \\"Keyser Sose: Lie or Legend\\" which is funny and informative.  Five deleted scenes introduced by Ottman (but it is easy to see why they were deleted) totalling ten minutes. Add ten minutes of trailers, TV spots, a seven minute gag reel introduced by Singer and some special \\"Easter Eggs\\" which I plan look for today (and probably watch the film again!) and you'll know everything you've wanted to know about \\"Suspects\\" and Mr. Sose.<br />There is finally some deserved praise for cinematographer, Tom Sigel, who made this \\"$4 million dollar production look like a $50 million film.\\" Ottman, Singer and Gabriel Byrne also lament how this film, basically a rogue, independent production, could not be made today with studios rejecting originality and artists' visions in lieu of boilerplate plotlines, sequel-itis, and adapting films to their perception of what an audience wants after multiple pre-screenings. Byrne justly calls these \\"MacMovies\\" and I can't think of a more apt term.<br />Congratulations MGM for elevating your standards on Special Editions. This one was worth waiting for and delivered more than what was expected.
B00005RHGK|3.0|The first 35 minutes or so of this film is very good and does a great job at building suspense. Then when we find out what the creature is in the black coat it loses all suspenseness. I'd rather the creature have gone unseen and unexplained than a gargoyle looking thing that eats tongues. Decent horror though..I recommend it for a late night rent
6305428220|5.0|This is one amazing, suspenseful movie! I went to see this twice when it was in theaters...I even meant to go see it a third time but never got a chance too! Its all I talked about for a while after seeing it..I even wrote my own story called &quot;The Faculty 2&quot;, continuing it on my own, heh.. it's just GREAT!
6302968100|5.0|I am sure my title for this review will generate more than a few cyber-eyerolls, but I mean it in all seriousness (kind of). This movie is chock full of all the American pop-culture references you can handle. These range from Christian Slater-as-Clarence's comic book store (\\"Heros for Sale\\"), to his predilection for 70s kung-fu movies, to the Elvis figure that actually haunts him and directs him at key moments in his life (an Elvis that is played in a sort of cameo by Val Kilmer). It also has some of the best and oddest performances of pretty much everyone involved: Val Kilmer (as Elvis mentioned above), Dennis Hopper as Clarence's ultimately wise but washed-out security guard father living in a trailer by the railroad tracks, Brad Pitt has a great small role as \\"Floyd\\" the good-natured stoner (another one of his great \\"grimy\\" characters), James Gandolfini (Tony Soprano) makes what might be his film debut(?) as a sadistic hit-man, Gary Oldman is perfect as the gloriously pimped-out and evil \\"Drexel\\", and how could anyone forget Patricia Arquette as the jiggly \\"Alabama\\"? Throw all this together with the pacing and camera work of \\"Top Gun\\" (thanks to director Tony Scott) and the typically-brilliant script provided by Tarantino, and that is why I would tentatively nominate \\"True Romance\\" as my \\"Best American Movie of the early-90s\\".<br />p.s.<BR>Some other great performers that I didn't get a chance to mention in my review, and that make this movie as entertaining as it is, are: Christopher Walken as a chilling Mafia-envoy, Michael Rappaport as the dopy aspiring actor (auditioning, of all things, for a one-time role as Crook #2 for an episode of \\"T.J. Hooker\\" that was set to co-star Peter Breck!), Chris Penn and Tom Sizemore as over-zealous narc squad partners, and Bronson Pinchot is a wonderfully whiny \\"go-fer\\" named Elliot. This is a great movie!
B00005JKDR|5.0|My family and myself went to see this movie the very first night it opened, in Fort Worth, Tx.  Disney has put out a lot of good flicks with Pixar, but Monsters, Inc. has been the best.  I am a grandmother of one, and the actors portraying the Monsters are incredible as usual--they have outdone themselves again. And the character, Boo won my heart because she resembles my own little granddaughter. And the relationship she develops with Sully is so real and true that the movie just is wonderful!!!!!  That is all I can say about it--and I can't wait to get my own copy of the movie when it comes out on DVD.  -Carolyn B.
6302968100|5.0|I am sure my title for this review will generate more than a few cyber-eyerolls, but I mean it in all seriousness (kind of). This movie is chock full of all the American pop-culture references you can handle. These range from Christian Slater-as-Clarence's comic book store (\\"Heros for Sale\\"), to his predilection for 70s kung-fu movies, to Clarence's invocation of himself as Steve McQueen: \\"We now return to Bullitt already in progress...\\", to the Elvis figure that actually haunts him and directs him at key moments in his life (an Elvis that is played in a sort of cameo by Val Kilmer). It also has some of the best, and oddest, performances of pretty much everyone involved: Val Kilmer (as Elvis mentioned above), Dennis Hopper IS Clarence's ultimately wise but washed-out security guard father living in a trailer by the railroad tracks, Brad Pitt has a great small role as \\"Floyd\\" the good-natured stoner (another one of his great \\"grimy\\" characters), James Gandolfini (Tony Soprano) makes what might be his film debut(?) as a sadistic hit-man, Gary Oldman is perfect as the gloriously pimped-out and evil \\"Drexel\\", and how could anyone forget Patricia Arquette as the jiggly \\"Alabama\\"?<BR>   As an example, one of the best scenes in this movie, and one of my all-time favorites, is the \\"interview\\" between the Mafia-envoy played to cold perfection by Christopher Walken and Dennis Hopper. This pairing alone makes this movie worth the [money]. The key moment is when Dennis Hopper realizes there is no good way out of this for him, so he tries to goad Walken into killing him before he is forced to give away the whereabouts of his son. To accomplish this, he gives Walken and all the other hit-men packed into his trailer a little history lesson on the genetic roots of their distinctive Sicilian phenotype.<BR>   Throw this all together with the pacing and camera work of \\"Top Gun\\" (thanks to director Tony Scott) and a typically-brilliant script provided by Tarantino, and that is why I would tentatively nominate \\"True Romance\\" as my \\"Best American Movie of the early-90s\\".<br />P.S.<BR>   Some other great performers that I didn't get a chance to mention in my review, and that make this movie as entertaining as it is, are: Michael Rappaport as the dopy aspiring actor (auditioning, of all things, for a one-time role as Crook #2 for an episode of \\"T.J. Hooker\\" that is set to co-star Peter Breck!), Chris Penn and Tom Sizemore as over-zealous narc squad partners, and Bronson Pinchot is wonderfully whiny as a movie producer's whipping boy and go-fer named Elliot. This is a great movie!
B000002KHF|2.0|I know lovers of this album will bombard my review with &quot;not helpful,&quot; but as a long-time devotee of Van Morrison, I would rate this album as in the middle tier of his efforts.  Like Bob Marley's &quot;Legend,&quot; &quot;Moondance&quot; is the album so-called fans own of the artist -- fans who only own one album, that is.  As Legend is not the most coherent or interesting of the Marley albums, Moondance is not Van's best work, even from that period.  It's dancy and catchy, but lacks the soul of the albums infused with more blues.  Van himself often explained himself as an Irish John Lee Hooker, but all the Hooker elements are missing here:  ditties and bounciness replace soul yearning and blues.  Even if you're new to Van Morrison, I'd start with his best album, &quot;No Guru No Method No Teacher,&quot; and then move on to &quot;Veedon Fleece,&quot; &quot;St Dominic's Preview,&quot; &quot;Astral Weeks,&quot; and &quot;Tupelo Honey,&quot; and then &quot;Moondance,&quot; in that order.  (Hymns to the Silence would come next, and then &quot;Them&quot;.)  Since Van made albums with integrated musical themes, I'd avoid the &quot;best of&quot; collection.  Van wasn't top 40.  Go for the original albums.
0375751513|4.0|The Picture of Dorian Gray is a masterpiece of English literature from the 1800's. It's easy to see why the book aroused so much controversy when it was released, and why it had an integral role in Wilde's subsequent imprisonment: the moral dilemna the book presents is disturbing even today. Wilde was truly a great writer; it's obvious from reading this book. Not only was his wit top-notch as is often ackwnoledged, but his prose is very smooth and polished, very refined. Wilde's attitudes towards art are well-known - indeed, he says in the book's introduction that \\"all art is quite useless\\" - but it seems obvious now that he was a natural talent. I hesitate to say things like He was meant to be a writer, but it certainly seems true of Wilde. This is one of the books that shakes our moral foundations. Wilde's high-class lifestyle is well-documented - it seems his surname was utterly appropriate - and one can definitely see where the plot and perhaps some of the details of this book came from his own experience. Undoubtedly, the main premise of the novel - a man selling his soul for eternal youth - most likely sprung from a desire that Wilde himself expressed. Perhaps he was having doubts about his hedonistic lifestyle even when this book was written, several years before his imprisonment. One can conjecture all one wants, but the fact remains that this book is a marvelous piece of work. The wonderful, polished prose is a joy to read - with aphorisms abound - and I, for one, see it as a deep regret that this was the only novel Wilde ever wrote. We missed out on a lot of great literature, especially with the general disdain the plays are now looked upon with in our society. Alas, read this masterpiece, and you will miss out less.
B00003CXBK|4.0|This anime was a excellently drawn film, but I agree with other reviewers that the star voices didn't add but subtracted to the film. Gillian Anderson's voice overs didn't work for me at all. I enjoy the origianl japanese with subtiltles better.<BR>Also this movie is over 2 hours long and does drag in some spots, but that doesn't affect your enjoyablity of this film. <BR>My overall rating and recommendation is get this movie you won't be disappointed!...
B00004YZFR|4.0|which is what I was led to believe for years. I finally saw _Gimme Shelter_ and I was delightfully surprised at the story and the way the Maysles constructed this film. Throughout the film you get the idea that you're looking back; that is, the film is not linear but self-conscious and self-referencing. Concert footage is interspersed with footage of the Maysles and the Stones previewing the concert footage. A lot of the concert footage is so good that you can get lost in that alone and forget about the rest of the film going on. I suppose that's one of the great things about the film. It really captures a broad picture of the Rolling Stones and the music industry. You get down time with the band, lawyers wheeling and dealing and such, response from fans and, of course, you get the amazing performances by the Stones. Very deconstruction. <br /> I guess it's about the second half of the film where things start to get ugly. The Stones want to stage a free concert in San Francisco(originally the Golden Gate Park) and are plagued with setbacks. They finally make a deal with the folks at the Altamont Speedway and the concert is a go. 300,000 people show up as well as dozens of Hell's Angels from the San Francisco and neighboring California chapters. This turns out to be a recipe for disaster as the Angels beat the [heck] out of the folks up close to the stage and one Angel even knocks out the Jefferson Airplane guitar player (don't recall who). The concert has to be stopped periodically throughout the day whenever one or more of the Angels goes berserk on some hippie freaking out on drugs. So by the time the Stones hit the stage, at nightfall, a deadly animosity between the Angels and the crowd has about reached critical mass. Mick pleads with the Angels and the crowd to, \\"Stop fighting!\\", but the violence continues, culminating in the stabbing death of an 18-year-old black kid in a bright green zoot-suit at the hands of the Angels. But the blame isn't so easily cast, for when the Maysles review the film the youth is seen drawing and firing a pistol at the Angels before it's knocked away and he's stabbed to death. <br /> The concert at Altamont deflates the carefree, excessive arrogance of the self proclaimed, \\"Greatest Rock-and-Roll Band Ever\\" and the film ends on a rather bitter note. Fans of the Stones will be happy with this film as they get to see their idols in the height of youth. The extras on the DVD are really good also. You get commentary and a bunch of radio interviews recorded after the Altamont debacle. Also, Mick playing Ike Turner's Telecaster and singing backstage with Ike and Tina (can't be missed) and a short on how the film was cleaned up for digital transfer. The booklet is also very nice and I'm glad they included this booklet instead of putting the essays on the DVD and enraging me. Nothing worse than having to read a text essay off of the TV.
B00005JKEC|5.0|I am not a big fan of cop movies but this one held my attention from start to finish.Everything that everyone has been saying about Denzels' performance is true---he was truly amazing.He was SCARY,one bad ...!!!!Ethan Hawke was very good,also,and the director did a stellar job of evoking the eerie ambience of LA's mean streets.Denzel has put to rest,now and forever,any lingering questions about his so-called limited range as an actor.Clearly,Denzel Washington not only transcended any imagined limits but,through the animal fury of Alonzo Harris,he OBLITERATED them.
0060975768|5.0|LTG Harold Moore served in the U.S. Army for 32 years prior to his retirement in 1977.  A USMA graduate, class of 1945, commissioned into the infantry he commanded at every level from platoon through division during his career.   His first experience of combat was in the Korean War as a company commander.  His participation in the Viet Nam war consisted of his tour as a commander at the battalion and brigade levels in the 1st Cavalry Division.  He went on to achieve three star rank and commanded the 7th Infantry Division and Fort Ord prior to his retirement.  A co-author in this effort, Mr. Joseph Galloway was born and raised in Texas and began his career as a reporter at the age of 17 by working for a daily newspaper.  He spent the next 15 years working for United Press International for the most part from assignments in Asia.<br /> We Were Soldiers Once... And Young is primarily a first hand account of the two main actions, the combat at LZs X-Ray and Albany, which occurred during the battle of the Ia Drang.  LTG Moore begins the story shortly before he assumes command of the 2/23 Infantry Battalion, later changed to 1/7 Cavalry, at Fort Benning.  The first several chapters are used to set the stage for the remaining chapters and allow the reader to put the combat actions into perspective in both a historical and strategic sense.  Although not the focus of the book the authors provide an overview of the national reasoning that led to increasing American involvement in Viet Nam's civil war and the deployment of U.S. forces, to include the 7th Cavalry Division, to the country.  The reader is also acquainted with, at this point, LTC Moore's new unit.  LTG Moore details his unit's training regimen, some of the problems encountered prior to their deployment such as personnel turbulence, the key leaders of his battalion, and some of his basic principles of leadership and training that he used to focus the preparation of his unit.  The focus of the remainder of the book,in the main, consists of the battles involving 1/7 Cav at LZ X-Ray and  2/7 Cav at LZ Albany.  The story of LZ X-Ray is mainly told in the first person from LTG Moore's perspective; however, the accounts of numerous other participants are utilized to provide a more encompassing and balanced account of the combat.  The same technique is used when describing the battle at LZ Albany, the authors provide the overall picture of the actions which they then stitch together with the first hand accounts of people directly involved.<br /> This book, in very much the same way as Guadacanal Diary, does a very good job helping the reader visualize the battle from both tactical and personal viewpoints.  From the tactical viewpoint the presentation of the actions, positions and overall situations of the various units involved is very clear and understandable and done in a way that allows the reader to keep a picture in his mind of what the battle looked like at any given time.  At the same time the numerous personal accounts that are used to embellish the account produces in the reader the ability to visualize the heat, death, noise, fright and other factors that served to make this battle so intense and horrific.<br /> Unlike other first hand accounts of other battles that I've read the authors conclude this book by taking the time to explain the pain and loss experienced by the families that lost sons, husbands and fathers in the battle.  Most often the costs of war are associated with the casualties and equipment losses experienced by the military while the very human price that is paid is overlooked.  More than anything else in the book this demonstrates the mutual feelings of respect and kinship felt between LTG Moore and the men he commanded.<br /> This book should be read for two main reasons.  It provides a very realistic picture of the horror experienced by soldiers in combat and forces the reader to understand that the affects of death in combat effect more than just the unit.  It also demonstrates the huge impact that personal leadership, training and experience can have on a unit in combat, either to the unit's benefit or detriment.  <br />PJZ
B00000DG1R|4.0|I guess I'm lucky. I never experienced Duran mania via MTV back in the early 80s. Born a few years late (1985), I was lucky enough to experience Duran Duran through their music. Not through the iconic images from their music videos in their heyday. Of course, through the years, their videos have been staples on MTV and VH1 greatest countdowns and retrospectives. But it's their music, that keeps me around.<br />Like it's been said before, Duran Duran is and will forever be underrated. However, I do believe in recent years, they have been getting the kind of respect they have deserved.<BR>All right, I must say, this \\"Greatest\\" is not the best, but pretty darn good, nevertheless. The first 12 tracks are solid, one after another. Only until \\"Notorious\\", does a casual fan like me have to skip some tracks. I do enjoy \\"Electric Barbarella\\" and \\"Come Undone\\"(the single was actually one of my first \\"records\\", by the way)<BR>Anyway, no one can tire of John Taylor's brash but cool bass line in \\"Rio\\", nor could you of any of Andy Taylor's guitar licks. Although, one might wish he would could of been given the chance to show off his skill a bit more.<BR>\\"The Reflex\\" is one of my all time favorites, although it might induce seizures for some of the light hearted. \\"Planet Earth\\", \\"Is There Something I Should Know\\", and \\"Girls On Film\\" are all extremely fun to listen to. <BR>All in all, this album, along with \\"Rio\\", are essential buys for any kind of fan. Young or old, you won't be dissapointed.
B000006YTN|5.0|Why dont all the good old albums get more recognition? This is <BR>indeed one of those.<BR>The musicians make a good team, Paul Rodgers voice is certainly one of those bests with a unique carchter and with balance of both intensity and grey despair. Paul Kossofs fiery lead guitar work makes a brilliant bridge between blues and heavy rock riffs. He is certainly not mentioned often enough when talking about guitarists. Simon Kirk the drummer plays vividly and concerned. He is doing more than giving just a rythm. Drums on this album is felt as an<BR>instrument with dynamics and tonality, played both softly or intensively. Andy Fraser too, does more than making standard bass lines. <BR>Because the audio quality is better than albums in general made in 1968 the bass is more clear and just not a diffuse bottom tone maker. Yes the audio is actually surprisingly superb. It does not say whether my version of the album is remixed or remastered or not so I guess they used a clever way of recording. And if it would be <BR>listened at in a remixed or remastered version, dont know if there is any as such, then the audio would fool anyone to believe that the album was not made in 68 but rather in 88 !<br />If you havent heard of Tons of sobs then do. Although, in order to enjoy its heavyness you need speakers with better size rather than made for todays standards, made up just for wimpy pop music.<br />My favs are tracks: #2-Worry, #3-walk in my shadow, #6-Im a mover, #7-The hunter, #9-Sweet tooth.
B000063DFN|2.0|These enhanced cds are awsome I owen them all! The sound is Incredable Its the best remasters out there! That I know of. You all so get videos for you to play on your pc! It rocks and its cool!
B00000IPAX|4.0|i good blink 182 album, i recommend it for blink 182 fans.
B00005UEAR|2.0|I am a huge Dream Theater fan--they were practically the only band I listened to for a couple of years!  I really liked their last album, Scenes from a Memory, so with much anticipation, I bought Six Degrees. I was shocked--I HATE it!  I have hardly been capable of listening to it, it ... so bad!  It is cliche and uninteresting.  What the hell happened?  I would recommend branching out to something more interesting like Symphony X, until DT comes up with something better.
6301095014|1.0|They should have stopped the Rambo series after the first movie.  The movies get worse with each subsequent release.  The most ridiculous scene was when Rambo and Trautman decided to take on the entire Soviet Army by themselves.  What hogwash!  Apparently, only Americans can shoot straight, while the Soviets could never get in a good shot.
B0000057C5|5.0|When I first decided to buy this album, it was only because I had heard one song from it, and a well known one at that: Du Hast.  When I originally heard it on the Matrix soundtrack I loved how pumped and full of energy it was.  I didn't need to know what it meant to know that it was intense and angry.  When I bought the album at the suggestion of a friend, I realised that Du Hast was not nearly their best work and that this album was full of furious, energetic masterpieces.  As my first real Industrial album, it surpassed my expectations, even if it was in a language I couldn't understand.  And I am sure that stops lots of people from buying albums from foreign countries.  But Rammstein has a way of connecting their powerful music to ANYONE, no matter what language they speak.
B000050XY8|5.0|amongst my whole entire collection of dvd's from A-Z, &quot;the matrix-limited editon collector's set&quot; is by far one of my most prized possessions in my arsenal, just the movie alone speaks for itself! but when you've got the actual soundtrack, movie stills, lobby cards, posters and a limited edition 8mm movie filmstrip to add to it....you're literally left speechless, it took awhile for this to arrive to me, but considering the fact that it's virtually impossible to find this item anywhere else, it was all worth the wait, definitely an add-on to your collection....and u could say...(depending on your taste)u could consider this to be the ICING on your cake...and with the sequal soon to come out in theatres, this will be an even HARDER item to find in the future....so don't let &quot;NEO&quot; down, get this classic action/thriller NOW!......5 stars!
B00004TFK3|5.0|this \\"MEN IN BLACK LIMITED EDITION DVD\\" kicks major butt!, don't worry, i'm not gonna get into detail about it cuz i'm sure 3/4 of the world has already seen it....but not 3/4 of the world own this MEN IN BLACK LIMITED EDITION DVD....picture quality and soundtrack enhanced with an endless array of Special Features! what more can u ask for? (no, u can't have the guns they used in the movie, but nice try)....i'm completely 110% satisfied and happy with this dvd and recommend it to anyone with a sudden urge for sci-fi humor, and with the sequal due out in theatres shortly....this will be a hard-to-fine item, so think fast or get it NOW!....trust me...it's totally worth it!...otherwise i wouldn't have given it.....5 STARS! YEEEEHAWWW!
B00005LC3Y|5.0|don't worry, this is not another one of those long, boring, meaningless not so desriptive reviews.....instead, i'm gonna make this short &amp; sweet and to the point.....i own this DVD, and a big part about being a succcessful dvd collector's is determaining which movies are worth buying and keeping and trust me when i say this people.....&quot;FULL METAL JACKET&quot; is definitely worth keeping....to my own personal opinion, FULL METAL JACKET has got to be the greatest war movie ever made, but don't get me wrong, there has been quite a few really great one's just recently released....Pearl Harbor....Black Hawk Down...We Were Soldiers....and i'm almost positive that the upcoming WINDTALKERS directed by the famous renound action super director Jon Whoo starring Nicholas Cage will be one of the best this decade.....but all these movies lack ONE major ingredient, &quot;the roots&quot; of war....all great soldiers come from SOMEWHERE, and &quot;fullt metal jacket&quot; shows you exactly where to find them, this movie is my all time favortie and would recommend it to ANYONE.....whether your a collector or not, and even if it's not the LIMITED EDITION COLLECTOR'S SET, the movie stands on it's own...a solid 5 star rating! without a doubt...WHOA!
B00005QDW5|5.0|This truly is an amazing cd. However, these are not all of their hits, they have so many more. Go out and buy some of their albums and you will see what I mean.
B000002HPV|5.0|If you do not own this cd, then i suggest you crack open that piggy bank sitting in your toy shelf, grab [the money] and buy a new album, because this one is worth it.<BR>There is probably nothing bad in this album, except that its not 2 hours long. Most songs are interesting and exciting, and will take you in a journey through dark forests, crystaline rivers, futuristic cities, huge mountains and godlike paradises.<BR>Bjork manages to deliver an edgy, creative and full of life record that will make you move ..., scream, dance and beg for more.<BR>The production is impecable, and mark bell outdoes himself  with all the great samples and percussions.<BR>This cd has not even a drop of lame in it, and is one of the greatest recordings of all time.
B00002E285|5.0|I really enjoyed this film. I truly believe that anybody who loves pink floyd will love this movie and want to have it in their collection. However, if you are unfamiliar with the music and history of pink floyd, nothing can be guaranteed. I don't agree with the critic's review at the beginning of this page, and i don't think that person is a floyd for or knows much of anything about the band. It's a great film and it doesn't cost very much so it isn't a waste of money either way.
B000002BYD|4.0|In Yield, Pearl Jam try to stabilize from their previous tour, which proved to be a dissaster, and still try to cope with the issues that almost make them break up before &quot;No Code,&quot; their previous album. <BR>Even though they manage to record an album where they let go of everything that is expected from them, and where they forget about trying to prove that they are the top alternative band, this album lacks in stability what it gains in strenght.<BR>Most of the tracks are awsome and lovely, but all in all there is this something missing from the production. <BR>Some of the songs in yield are musically filled with beautiful details, but are missed by the average listener. <BR>The reason why most of the songs are never played is because this is a gateway album. Most of the songs start loosing their meaning after a while, even though they maintain their strength and power. All in all this is my least favourite studio from Pearl Jam, even though it managed to rock me a lot when it came out, now it doesnt have the same significance.
0425105709|3.0|Agatha Christie's ONE, TWO, BUCKLE MY SHOE begins with considerable interest: it finds the usually unflappable Hercule Poirot unnerved by the necessity of a visit to the dentist!  But no sooner does Poirot walk out of the office than death walks in--and the result is a complicated tale of possible suicide, certain murder, missing suspects, and political intrigue.<br />Christie is always at her best when working a tightly structured plot, but although enjoyable (how can you resist Poirot at the dentist?) SHOE is not among her best efforts. The novel begins as very tightly-plotted, then suddenly flies in a dozen different directions at midpoint.  Christie has considerable difficulty recapturing the different strands for her conclusion--and for once her solution fails to impress.  Worth reading, certainly, but old fans and newcomers alike may be a bit disappointed with the end result.
B000002BFZ|5.0|So here it is. No Code. The album that made me stop listening to rap, and had me hooked on rock.<BR>Most people wont understand this album.<BR>or will take them a couple of years to.<BR>but listen to me.<BR>this album is probably the greates musical achievment in the band career. <BR>Just listen to the songs. All of them contain a deep feeling in them that guides the music through the voice and viceversa.<BR>The percussions, all the lyrics, all the choruses.<BR>its genious is hard to understand<BR>but all in all this cd is moving.<BR>some songs make me want to cry<BR>some get me angry and bold<BR>but some get me frightened and shy<BR>I consider this cd to be pearl jams second best, even though its probably my favourite album of all time, and holds a very special place in my heart. <BR>If you listen closely this cd will change you too.<BR>I recomend you go buy a new copy<BR>for the concept of the music lies also in the artwork<BR>this revolutionary digipack features pearljam artwork like you had never seen<BR>and is well worth the price<BR>i have bought 3 copies of this cd....<BR>does that tell you how much i love it...
B00005JKJA|5.0|In my opinion this is by far the greatest David Lynch movie I've seen and I've seen all of them. <br />It's a bit similar to Lost Highway in some areas, but then suddenly when you thought you had it figured out, Lynch completely twists your brain in about 2 minutes of unbelievable turn-arounds and riddles.<br />I've only watched it once so there's still alot of things I simply don't understand. I will defenetly see this one again, and again....<br />Everything about this movie is great, every scene has that Lynch feel to it and the music/atmosphere through the whole thing is just perfect.<br />I only wish the movie had been longer. I also think this would be a great TV series, but maybe we'll get a &quot;Mulholland Drive part 2...?&quot;<br />The movie is filled with riddles, twists and turns, weird and scary characters (The Cowboy...)<br />I think this is maybe the greatest movie I've ever seen.<br />Well done Mr. Lynch!
B00004T8RK|5.0|When i first got this cd i was amazed by the artwork. Everything in the world paralized, except my eyes drifting through each line of printed cardboard, and recycled paper. The photos were awsome, the doodles were great, and the lyrics were poems.<BR>When i listened to this cd i was full of joy and gladness. \\"Breakerfall\\" Rocks!!!! It is the continuation of one of Pete Townshends songs. If you listen it has the same chords and format, but its still awsome. <BR>Here are a few things that make this CD great.<BR>1. An Electronic chorus on breakerfall<BR>2. Strings on Parting ways<BR>3. Ukulele on soon forget<BR>4. The piano arrangements in Rival<BR>5. Grievance<BR>With Binaural Pearl Jam have managed to defy music and prove that their style goes far beyond the limitations of rock, grunge,alternative etc. This cd comes out as:<BR>1.A mature recording where criticism is not important anymore. <BR>2. The end of the Ticketmaster trials angover<BR>3. A creative success where the band plays in beautiful harmony<BR>4. the exploration of the band memebers search for stability.<BR>All in all this is probably the best sounding and most coherent record Pearl Jam has made, yet it still comes out as third on my list of Pearl Jam studio records.<BR>The production is simply brilliant. And the Binaural recording style does give the record a whole new feel.<BR>the songs are powerfull and deep without loosing their simplicity. In the songs you will find a 70s rock edge style that sound like the Pearl Jam everybody loves.<BR>I love this record and i will never get tired of it.
B00005YW4H|4.0|This is a sexy CD. Nice sounds. Great Vocals by this newcomer. Love the cover of the old Hank WIlliams tune. It's one of those CD's that is easy to listen to and very hard to stop. One of the best of the year so far. Diana Krall is much too commercial for me, Norah rules.
B000002AZ8|5.0|This is it... Pearl Jams greates album. It rocks from start to finish, making you push your senses to the edge on every song.<BR>If you dont think this is as good as it gets just listen very, very VERY closely to the following songs &quot;aye davanita&quot; and &quot;pry, to&quot; None of them last more than a couple of minutes, and are probably the grooviest melodies the band has played. &quot;Last exit&quot; is one of my favourite pearl jam songs, it makes me jump and shout every time. &quot;Hey Foxymophandlemama, That's Me&quot; is so dark and creepy it scares the living you know what out of me... its hard to understand yet its an amazing track.<BR>&quot;Immortality&quot; and &quot;tremor christ&quot; are probably the most touching songs here, while &quot;not for you&quot; &quot;whipping&quot; and &quot;spin the black circle&quot; are edgy, smart and deal with the pearl jam you love best.
0380002930|5.0|Richard Adams's incredible novel 'Watership Down' is not just about rabbits, as one first suspects. With its artful and satirical plot, painstakingly etched characters, and superb portrayal of a society, Adams has created a milestone of modern literature. <BR>   Our story begins in a warren of rabbits where two brothers- Hazel and Fiver- are living a comfortable life when they're not being bullied and bossed around by the Owsla, or rabbit military regime. When Fiver begins to have visions and apprehensive feelings, he convinces Hazel that something evil is about to descend on the warren. The Chief Rabbit, Threarah, listens patiently to Fiver's claims and then shrugs the two off, convinced that if something devastating were coming to the warren, he would already know about it. Left to their own devices, Fiver and Hazel decide to leave the warren in search of something better. They bring with them a brave band of rabbits who together struggle, learn, and above all survive. This is a truly great story about comradary, the pursuit of the truth, and the unbreakable hope and spirit that is in all living things- be they human beings fighting for their rights in a terrorized society, or rabbits fighting to survive. <BR>    Adams uses better techniques than just satire, however. He has a raw skill and talent to make the rabbit's problem hit a human chord that even the most primitive of people can understand. Adams also gives the rabbits an extensive history, religion, folktales, and fears. Several times throughout the novel, Adams has delightful digressions where he relates these folk stories through Dandelion, one of the rabbits to leave with Fiver and Hazel who tells stories to the new warren at Watership Down. The reader will have no trouble getting through the rich imagery, atmosphere, and hopeful appeal this novel wears so very well. <BR>    'Watership Down' deserves every word of praise it gets now and will continue to get for generations to come. This timeless treasure of American literature stands as a towering landmark to good story-telling, flawless talent, and a return to a style the reader will not have felt since childhood. But make no mistake; 'Watership Down' is NO children's book. Its intelligence, craft, and moveable feel with take its readers to an unforgettable place they will be sorry to leave as they turn the last page.
B00004XONN|5.0|Late at night I was in a car all by myself listening to the radio. Suddenly I heard the song Optimistic and fell in love with it. The DJ said that it was the new song by Radiohead and I decided that I had to buy the album (I recognize the name because my uncle had an album of theirs). I bought Kid A the very next day and fell in love with it. The artwork, the music, the other worldly feelings I got, I loved it all. This is one of 4 albums that changed the way I looked at music. While I disagree with the below reviewer's notion of people wearing Old Navy shirts (I am currently wearing one) I do agree that it will open your eyes to look at music in a different way and hopefully introduce you to other great artists. By the way I never heard Radiohead on the radio again with the exception of Creep
B00003CX59|5.0|Everybody knows the story of the headless horseman in Mark Twain's story of Sleep Hollow. Now it comes to life with Johnny Depp and Tim Burton in the picture again. They are a great team. Anyways Johnny Depp plays a death detective and is sent to Sleep Hollow to find out who is responsible for 4 deaths of the town's people with the heads gone. He battles the horseman and trying to send him back to hell. See what happens next.
B000002AOD|5.0|Doesn't get any better than this, probably literally. On a scale of 10 - Performances: 10, the BEST players around (Paquito, John Faddis, Michel) Ensemble: 10, almost no band has ever been this tight, especially big bands; Sound quality: 10, the disc sounds awesome; musical content: 10, genius, genius, genius! too much genius to handle! groove: 10, again, can't be better.<br />You must buy this disc...I have never heard a better jazz disc.
B00005QXDD|2.0|I ordered this album because it came highly recommended (and because I have enjoyed Jack Black in a number of movies) but I am unimpressed.<BR>Maybe it needs to grow on me, but I doubt it.<BR>It is amusing at times but overall I found it repetitive.<BR>In addition, although the profanity was not terribly offensive, it does become tiresome.
B00000I07Q|5.0|Say what you will about Bon Jovi, hard-rock wannabees, pop-metal, girly band, whatever....this album is just flat-out rock mastery.<br />Funny thing about this disc, there were 5 top 10 singles, and not one of those is actually the best song on the album. A song buried on side 2 called \\"Wild Is The Wind\\" is not only the highlight of this disc, but quite possibly of any Bon Jovi album.<br />\\"Slippery When Wet\\" will always be their trademark, but \\"New Jersey\\" was their true masterpiece. One of the very few albums that even people that say they don't like Bon Jovi will tap their feet to every tune on it.<br />\\"New Jersey\\" is truly a testament to why Bon Jovi has been around for 20 years.
B00004YYDI|5.0|Packed with tons of action, drama, humor, and an odd romantic twist, this movie has become an instant favorite of mine. The only real reason I wanted to see this was because this was Natalie Portman's first movie. What I found out was that it is her best movie, which makes it her movie. She immediately steals the show with her natural charm and wit. Of course, Jean Reno did an excellent job as well, but if Miss Portman had not played his 12-year-old sidekick, the movie couldn't have done without. The special bond that grows between the two makes this movie worth a thousand whiles.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Another set of songs that were suppose to make their debut on the album Human Clay never did...One is Young Grow Old and the Second one is To whom it may concern,I have recently got these two rare tracks and find them awesome..I have all 3 creed cds that i play daily,,,one can never get tired of listening to them because what they sing about speaks the truth of us all...THANK YOU
B00005U18E|4.0|This is a hilairious movie about an ordinary woman with friends and family- maybe not love though. Bridget Jones is thirty years old and single, what could be worse? Then Mr. Perfect comes along and so begins this hilairious movie that everyone will enjoy!<BR>I especially liked the fight!
B00003CXB2|5.0|This is a great film among great films. Lean's gift for filmmaking verges on the miraculous; and the desert is a catalyst that allows him to craft a masterpiece. Lean was absolutely in his element.<BR>Lawrence of Arabia is a glorious and complicated film. On the one hand, it is a pilgrimage into a biblical wilderness, with magnificent wonders and landscapes to behold. On the other hand, it is a disturbing and profound psychological portrait, which certainly matches the psychology of the real Lawrence. Lawrence's brother called this film pretentious, psychological nonsense. Unfortunately I disagree with him. The bizzare, masochistic, self-annihilating demons of Lawrence's nature can be sensed in any factual account of his life. <br />Some moments I remember:<br />-Lawrence trying to get rid of his pistol several times - giving it to Tafas, allowing Sherif Ali to take it, throwing it away after the execution of Gasim, and, finally, using it in the massacre until he runs out of bullets.<br />-The way the motorcycle (symbolising Lawrence's fated death in a pathetic motor accident) keeps reappearing. Once when the masked man rides up and says: Who Are You? Once, following Lawrence into Cairo, like his terrible fate. Once, being washed in the background when Lawrence comes back to Cairo for the third time. And once at the very end, when a motorcycle overtakes him, and spews dust all over the camera.<br />-Lawrence being shown a bunch of grapes from the Promised Land, like in the Pentateuch. Unfortunately, the grapes are sour. Notice that this is also \\"the road to damascus\\". Lawrence undergoes a \\"conversion\\" on the road to damascus, the massacre revealing his true character - not superhuman, but considerably inhumane.<br />-Lawrence's wonderful exit from the conference room - he is first seen reflected in the conference table (in a glass darkly); then he walks out through a curtain. His shadow (which has been seen twice before, once on the road to Akaba, once when he parades himself on the destroyed train) is seen floating on the curtain, like a ghost. He then rides home in a motor-car - the windshield so smeared that we car barely see his face.<br />Lawrence of Arabia is a subtle and powerful film at the same time. Unlike many movie epics of the period, Lawrence is not empty-headed spectacle, but a thoughtful psychological portrait at the same time.
B00004T9UH|5.0|Ok this is a real good cd.  and mine is edited but u might not even call it edited cuz all they blurt out is the f word and womens body parts and stuff.  not that i dont like it unedited but i cant play this on my stereo cuz i have a 10 year old brother. i have to listen to this cd in my headphones cuz this is such a violent cd. dont get me wrong its good.  if u tell ur parents its edited than dont let them hear it cuz its hardly edited at all.
B00003CXA6|4.0|(I am editing this review to correct some mistakes and add more insights)<br />1993. What do you think of? The Fugitive? The Three Musketeers? Jurassic Park?<BR>Or how about a film that was so unsuccessful in the box-office that it was never even released in my country, Australia?<BR>I discovered this film while reading a book on war films. I hired the video - and the film became a part of my childhood.<BR> <BR>The story is based on the Pulitzer prize winning novel \\"The Killer Angels,\\" by Michael Shaara. The plot is a dramatisation of the greatest battle in American history: the Battle of Gettysburg.<BR>In three days, more men were killed than in the entire Vietnam War. And while hippies and sit-ins were awaiting a more psychedelic generation, history was made in the fields of Pennsylvania. The battle is so suited to drama - sheer, epic, powerful drama - that I initially took the film to be mainly fictional. But no! Barely a shred of fiction will you find in this film. It is highly authentic - yet so dramatic.<BR> <BR>The theme of this film is the clash of two equally understandable ideologies. This makes the film highly dramatic at a level above what one would normally expect from a war film. <BR>We feel for both sides. We in fact feel torn, just as the Americans were torn. Which ideology to sympathise with? Which one to curse? We flip flop from North to South to North again. States rights or emancipation? Romantic South or machine-age North? Aristocracy or equality? <br />I am an Australian, by the way. Perhaps only an outsider can see this film with perfect clarity. An Australian is no fonder of the North than the South. And so the conflict between the two ideologies reenacts the conflict of the original event.<br />The battle-scenes not perfect - well below the quality of Glory, for example - but the huge number (3500) of reenactors help, because they look absolutely authentic. If sometimes a little overweight...<BR>The DVD: This disc is not perfect either. In the original version of this review I thought the disc was non-anamorphic. I was wrong, it is enhanced anamorphic. So in fact, I am downgrading my opinion of this transfer. It is not perfect; a little dull and soft. The detail is not razor-clear, and sometimes the colours bleed, especially Colonel Fremantle's red coat, which looks literally fluorescent. Ouch!<BR>However, overall, it is a watchable image, stable and clean.<BR>The extras on this DVD are formidable. My favourite is the commentary which is given by various people, including famous historian James McPherson. There is a documentary on the making of the film, which includes nice interviews with Shelby Foote, the grey-bearded Southerner in Ken Burns' \\"Civil War\\" - and in fact, even features Ken Burns himself!<BR> There are also battlefield maps, taken from a book, with a full and fascinating commentary over the top. <BR>Overall, this is a DVD definitely worth buying for fans of history. The film itself is marvellous; and the DVD is very good, though not perfect.
6304712936|5.0|This movie showed my how a person, such as Mozart, can truly have so much passion in what he loves.As an artist, I really thought that this movie brought out what an artist's life is about.It's the music-that lingers one's heart, till death, do part.
B00005OM4N|5.0|Wow! What can I say about this album? It's an EXCELLENT album! Britney's others were good but this tops them all!<br />All of the songs have a great beat-nice for us dancers ;)-and some cool lyrics. No super-slow songs to slow down the rhythm here! Britney's gone all out!
B00003CX8V|5.0|\\"The Apartment\\" is a well-executed film presenting real human dilemmas handled in comical fashion. C.C. Baxter  (Jack Lemmon) has himself in a pickle in both a practical and moral sense.  He often can't get to his NYC apartment until late at night because he's lent it to married, upper-level personnel from work.  They want a place to take girlfriends.  Baxter doesn't seem to know how to say no to these higher-ups; besides, he's hoping his largesse will lead to a promotion. The demand for his apartment becomes a real burden on him.  And it gets worse.  In a superbly delivered twist of plot, a really big cheese, Mr Sheldrake of Personnel (on the 27th floor), asks for the apartment key--offering Baxter two Broadway tickets in exchange.  Baxter reluctantly agrees but then seeks to turn the situation in his favor by asking an attractive elevator girl out to the play. But she also happens to be the girl Sheldrake was hoping to bring to the apartment. Baxter's moral dilemma arises from these circumstances.<br />There is great acting all around: Lemmon does one of his very best nervously funny characters; watch him make spaghetti. Shirley McClaine is sweet and vulnerable; Fred MacMurray is a real cad--with irresistible charm. The characters of Dr. and Mrs. Dreyfus (Baxter's neighbors) are funny yet wise.  Ray Walston is great too.   <br />I'm not a big Jack Lemmon fan but it's hard not to like this film; it's done so well in every respect.
B00003CX95|5.0|If your looking for a movie with a nop-notch actor leading the way, GREAT action throughout, and a nice love story to go along, youve come to the right place.  This has sweet battle scenes and one of the greatest plots behind it all.  Simply a Masterpeice!
B00005JKL8|5.0|What a ride! Amazing flight effects. I really felt the thrill and the terror of being pursued by heat-seeking missiles that just can't be shaken. Great character development for the protagonist, a young sassy airman who puts in for a discharge in the beginning of the movie. Gene Hackman's character is complex and realistic as well, caught between the modern political details of war and the simple commitment to keeping his troops safe. I felt that this movie dealt very well with a lot of the issues and emotions behind the conflict in Kosovo. Two scenes especially bring home what was at stake during these events-when the young airman evades capture by blending in with bodies in a mass grave, and when he is with the Bosnians in Hac (sp?), a town under siege by Milosevic's forces. This is a great modern war movie, and I'd readily recommend it to anyone who's interested in movies about history, the military, or good-old-fashioned exciting action films.
B000001E7L|5.0|I think that this has to be the absolute best album that the Cranberries have ever made, right up there with Everybody Else Is Doing It, So Why Can't We.  The vocals of O'Riordan are awesome.  They put such a different twist on the songs.  The music has so much more depth than a lot of other music put out today, like all of the brit-pop that can be done with a synthesizer and one person to sing some boring lyrics.  Anyway, this album is the best that has ever been produced by anyone!
0440217563|4.0|Perhaps what I loved best was the portrayal of middle-aged passion as Claire and Jamie are reunited again. What a rare romance novel to feature a heroine in her late 40s(?) or early 50s(?). Obviously I need the \\"Outlandish Companion\\" since I can't remember these little details.<br />I was surprised to see that other readers thought this was a little slow paced, took too long to get started, and that the years apart were \\"too sad.\\" Although I was anxious for Claire and Jamie to reunite, I felt that the bittersweet years apart heightened the joy of their return, and the sense that Claire and Jamie truly are the greatest loves of each other's lives. I enjoyed the opportunity to get to know Jamie more, and see things through his eyes for a change, instead of mostly getting Claire's perspective.<br />The chapters focusing on how Claire's disappearance and return affected her marriage to Frank satisfied questions that remained unsettled after \\"Dragonfly in Amber.\\" I had found Frank's apparent acceptance of Claire back into his life in \\"Dragonfly\\" somewhat unbelievable. (Yes, for some reason, despite a book premised on the ability to time travel, I still expect believability in the other aspects.) Frank's attitude in \\"Voyager\\" seemed much more what I would have expected.<br />I'm notorious for reading ahead, especially if the plot is dragging, but I was rarely tempted in \\"Voyager.\\" I couldn't put the darn book down. I felt that the plot moved along much faster than \\"Dragonfly.\\"<br />Some of the coincidences at the end became a little much for me, hence my decision to give only four stars. I don't want to give away the plot, but I did feel that the likelihood of Claire, Jamie and Fergus & Co. all ending up in the same spot following \\"challenges\\" at sea a little unlikely. If I could write like Mark Twain, I would skewer those scenes as savagely as he did James Fenimore Cooper's unbelievable twists. Since I can't, I'll just note that it's hard enough sometimes for me to findmy fiance when we get separated in the supermarket, and yet, in all the Carribean, they manage to reconnect pretty quickly. (Just read through it, roll your eyes, and move on.)<br />On the other hand, the connection that Claire discovers between a friend in her time with someone whom she meets in the past didn't bother me, the more I thought about it. For me, that just seemed part of the \\"pull\\" that connects her to the two time periods. At the end of \\"Voyager,\\" I was left with a sense that her time traveling could be connected with some deeper type of mystery.<br />If I weren't so broke, I'd be ordering \\"Drums of Autumn\\" this second rather than writing this review.
0345448898|5.0|Philip Pullman certainly captured my imagination with his trilogy His Dark Materials. Unfortunately in Finland, at least, the books have been overshadowed by Harry Potter. Pullman has created a mythical world, or should I say worlds, in which he explores human behaviour and states his view of the world. Little Lyra's adventures were worth waiting for - our local bookshop keepers knew me finally by the looks, so often I went to ask after the final book last autumn.
B00005RYL9|4.0|The folks over at Anchor Bay first came to my attention with their outstanding releases of the Evil Dead movies, and their work has not slowed on this latest release of Highlander.  The disc has some good commentaries, but suffers from age.  The film, released in 1985 has suffered horribly.  The new DTS/ES sounds good, but suffers from some source limitations that are almost painful to the ears.  And the new Anamorphic picture is cleaned up a lot from the old DVD released back in 97, but still suffers from some horrible grain and edge enhancement that mars the picture.  But again, it is still FAR better than the old dvd that was released, or the old laserdisc for that matter.<br />As a Queen fan, though, it is nice to have some videos on DVD that I can crank into the system and enjoy at my leasure.  The final point, the second disc included on here is 3 queen songs that any self-respecting queen or Highlander fan should already own!
1565113306|3.0|this is the book. I didn't like the book when I read it, and listening to it dosen't make it any better!<BR>The best Chuck Palahniuk is 'Invisable Monsters'.<BR>Read it!
0743201140|5.0|A follow-up to \\"First, Break All The Rules\\", this book brings home how little emphasis our culture gives to our natural strengths and aptitudes.  Based on the findings of a Gallup study of nearly two million people, the authors share how much more successful organizations are when they design programs that will enhance an employee's strengths rather than try to overcome weaknesses.<br />The authors define a weakness as \\"...anything that gets in the way of excellent performance.\\" P.148.   They make distinctions among a skills weakness, a knowledge weakness and a talent weakness.  Skills and knowledge weaknesses can be overcome.  It is the talent weakness that takes tremendous resources, focus and energy with little result.  One of their prescriptions for a talent weakness is to focus on your strengths to overwhelm the weakness.  Another is to find a partner who complements your talents and weaknesses.<br />Thirty-four talent themes are defined as a result of the Gallup study. Purchasers of the book are given a passcode that enables them to take an on-line assessment test that will surface their top five themes.  With these in mind, the authors then offer tips on how to best utilize your strengths.
1565113306|3.0|this is the book. I didn't like the book when I read it, and listening to it dosen't make it any better!<BR>The best Chuck Palahniuk is 'Invisable Monsters'.<BR>Read it!
B000002JSZ|4.0|With a straing of kiler albums already under their belt, Flick of the Switch merely adds to their collection of killers. While the production left something to be desired(Mutt Lange's abscence is sorely missed), the songs themselves still rock. My personal favorites are Nervous Shakedown, Guns for Hire, Badlands, and Brain Shake. Still, almost everything is good, with the exception od Landslide, which never really appealed to me. So if you're an AC/DC fan and already have the Bon Scott Albums,  Back in Black and For Those About to Rock, pick this one up. It won't disappoint.
1565113306|3.0|this is the book. I didn't like the book when I read it, and listening to it dosen't make it any better!<br />The best Chuck Palahniuk is 'Invisable Monsters'.<br />Read it!
B000009QPO|4.0|Alot of people bought &quot;Smile&quot; and are looking for another Jayhawks album to fill some more of those same spots.  This is the one you want!  Fun, sing along, and well written music from the guys from Minnesota.  A must if you like the folk/rock/country scene.
B000002UAX|5.0|The Beatles were one of the (if not THE) greatest bands in musical history. Each album in their career had some of the best music to dance to, to think to and to just plain enjoy. The White Album has some of my all time favorite Beatlesongs like \\"Sexy Sadie\\", \\"Birthday, \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps, \\"Dear Prudence\\" and so many others. I have heard rumors that most of these songs were done by each Beatle seperately and that Eric Clapon played guitar on many of Harrison's cuts. People like to nitpick about the quality of some of the songs on this album but hey, a bad Beatles song is still better than some of the pablum that is out there today!!! Nuff said!
B00004ZAV3|1.0|This album doesn't contain Strawberry Fields Forever, I Am The Walrus, or A Day In The Life. Full stop.
0449002128|3.0|I recently read Daniel Silva's new novel, &#34;The English Assassin,&#34; and I was very impressed with its intricate and assured plotting, meaningful themes, and fascinating characters. Unfortunately, &#34;The Kill Artist,&#34; which was written first, does not measure up to the &#34;The English Assassin.&#34;  Both novels feature Gabriel Allon, a tormented man who has done undercover work as an agent for the Israeli government.  He now spends much of his time expertly restoring valuable works of art that have been damaged over the years.  Gabriel is something of a loner who would like to forget his tragic past.  He would prefer to stop working for the Israeli government completely and live a quiet and reclusive life in Cornwall, England.<br /><br />Gabriel's spymaster, Ari Shamron, has other ideas.  He convinces Gabriel to get back into the spy game in order to trap an old enemy.  Soon, Gabriel is on the trail of Tariq al-Hourani, a Palestinian zealot who recently assassinated the Israeli ambassador in Paris.  Tariq and Gabriel are old enemies and Gabriel cannot resist the chance to finally even an old score and rid Israel of an ardent and deadly enemy.<br />Naturally, there is a beautiful woman involved, as well.  Jacqueline Delacroix, born Sarah Halevy, lost her grandparents in the Holocaust.  She, too, has been recruited by Ari Shamron to help Gabriel trap Tariq.  She is in love with Gabriel, but he is reluctant to get romantically involved with her, for reasons of his own.<br /><br />The plot thickens, as Gabriel and Jacqueline go undercover and place themselves in grave danger while they track Tariq.  Their prey turns the tables on Gabriel and Jacqueline, and Tariq soon becomes the hunter. Gabriel fears that he will never capture Tariq.  Worse still, Tariq may be planning to carry out another assassination in order to destroy any hope of peace between Israel and her Arab neighbors. &#34;The Kill Artist&#34; doesn't work very well because Silva relies on cliches and stereotypes rather than spending time developing realistic characters.  The ending is melodramatic and forced.  &#34;The Kill Artist&#34; has a few exciting scenes here and there, but there are not enough of them to elevate &#34;The Kill Artist&#34; above the level of a pedestrian thriller.than spending time developing realistic characters.  The ending is melodramatic and forced.  &#34;The Kill Artist&#34; has a few exciting scenes here and there, but there are not enough of them to elevate &#34;The Kill Artist&#34; above the level of a pedestrian thriller.
B000003TAW|5.0|This record released by giffin records in 1994, is probably one of the best records that you could buy. With every song saying turn me up, it's hard not to sing and bang your head to every guitar riff. This was probably the best and most popular Weezer cd. Not saying they all aren't great, I am just saying that this is what music is all about. With Pinkerton in 1996 the record was still leading the way. Look forward to their new Maladroit album this year, I have heard all of the tracks and it is a hard hiting Weezer beat.
B000002UZ6|5.0|What can be said about the Queen that has not already been said. She is considered one the world's most beautiful women and has the sexiest legs to boot. She is a fireball, even at 60+. She has defied the laws of aging and proves there are no boundaries.<BR>This cd is fantastic. My favorite is the new \\"Love Thing\\". This is typical rock and Tina (no longer rock and roll). All the others were approiate except for the duet with Rod Stewart (I did not think it was needed-she certaintly does not need to do duets). The only disappointment was \\"Private Dancer\\". I love the original version (the lengthy version from the album of the same name). I hate the shorter version. <BR>But overall this is a cd for all Tina fans to own.
B000002ADT|5.0|Don't pay any attention to anyone who poo poos this CD.  Although everyone is entitled to their opinion, I can't understand where they come from.  Jazz is not just one style or form.  It's a feeling!  This CD is excellent.  IMHO, Miles Davis was one of the three most influential jazz artists of the twentieth century (the other two being Duke Ellington and Louis Armstrong).  This was also one of the first jazz CDs I ever owned, and it's one I'm proud to have in my collection.  I especially like &quot;So What,&quot; for its cool melody at the start, and the improvisational playing by Miles, John Coltrane, and Cannonball Adderley.  <br />Also, as for the title of the greatest jazz CD ever made, I'm not quite sure if it is.  There are other CDs out there that would be serious competition for that title, including my other Miles Davis favorite, &quot;Birth of the Cool,&quot; &quot;Louis Armstrong Plays W.C. Handy,&quot; &quot;Ellington At Newport,&quot; and many others.  But if you can only own one jazz CD, make sure it's this one!
0380729407|5.0|utterly comprehensable and delightful entertainment from the workings of Ray Bradbury.  Another incredibly fun, yet absolutely terrifying thrillers that will leave you wanting more.  After reading Something Wicked This Way Comes you will have to read the Illustrated Man, a sort of prolouge to this wonderful story of the mind.  While reading this book you will find a place inside you where dreams are realized and nightmares just begin.  From the title to the ending, Ray Bradbury has successfully surpassed his limits once again, twisting reality for his readers.
B00005RFAI|5.0|P!nk is soooo cool. It's cool how her name is P!nk with a exclamation mark instead of an I. That's ruley.<BR>Anyway, onto my review. I have both albums, and I like this one better. It has more catchy songs, and less angry ones. <br />My favourites:<BR>&quot;Get The Party Started&quot;, &quot;Don't Let Me Get Me&quot;, &quot;M!ssundaztood&quot;, &quot;Numb&quot;, &quot;Family Portrait&quot; &amp; &quot;Respect&quot;<br />All the songs are good, but those are the best. My absolute fave is &quot;Don't Let Me Get Me&quot; it's sooo cool how she mentions Britney Spears in the second verse.<br />Overall, an awesome album. A definite must buy for anyone who likes R&amp;B music, or someone who wants a female singer different from all the others.
B000063JZQ|5.0|If you already have this version of MacBeth on video, post it on [line].  Polanski's film must be seen in the original theatrical format that a DVD offers.  I remember seeing this film at the theatre as a child and being awed by it.  Later, in college, I convinced some friends to rent it.  Frankly, I wasn't impressed......even bored!  \\"So\\", I thought, \\"I guess these folks think I just wanted to expose them to out-of-focus gore and nude witches all night!\\"  However, some years later, I saw the film again on cable presented in letterbox form.  INCREDIBLE!!  I was forever a converted widescreen perfectionist after seeing it this way.  The dramatic cinematography feeds on Shakespeare's words and compels the viewer to absorb the entire experience.  The fullscreen version of this masterpiece, with its constant unfocused panning, is a crime.  Colorizing CASABLANCA would be insignificant by comparision to this atrocity.  The letterbox presentation provides a crisp, beautifully focused and awesome experience.  Plus, you'll see a lot more naked witches this way!
B00005R2M3|5.0|This album was way better then I expected it to be. I mean, I have high expectations of CD's (I buy about 10 every week, so I have a million CD's my bedroom. I think of myself as a really good reviewer, cuz I buy so many CD's), and I wasn't going to buy Shakira's album at all, until it caught my eye. I had some extra money left over, so I bought it. I was really surprised at how good a singer she actually is. <br />My favourite songs:<BR>&quot;Whenever, Wherever&quot;, &quot;Underneath Your Clothes&quot;, &quot;Rules&quot;, &quot;The One&quot; &amp; &quot;Fool&quot;.<BR>Actually, the oddly titled &quot;Poem To A Horse&quot; is growing on me, now. <br />I never really used to like Shakira and thought she was just like all the other singers, but my opinion has completely changed now. She is very talented, so beautiful and I hope she's successful.
B0000027RL|5.0|What can be said? This album broke out pearl jam into the emmerging world of grunge. It was another blow to hair-bands and power-balads.<br />Every track on this album is well done. The lyrics are memorable. The guitar work is masterful. This is a must have album for anyone that likes rock.
B00005O5CM|5.0|This movie is my fave of all time. Hey, I'm not just a music junkie and buy thousands of CD's, I also buy DVD's. I have hundreds of them, cluttering up my room along with CD's. I love books too, hehe. Oh yeah, and computer games, hehe.<BR>Anyway, out of all the movies and DVD's I've seen, this is my favourite movie ever! It's so hillarious, Reese Witherspoon is sooo cool as Elle Woods, and I loved Selma Blair as Vivien. <BR>It's a good tongue in cheek look at blondes, showing that they're not really dumb, in fact really smart. I, myself am a blonde (But I recently dyed my hair red) and loved the movie. I also loved the DVD too, it has loads of special features. <BR>It has trivia, two music videos and commentary from Reese and the film crew.<BR>I suggest you buy this DVD, the movie is awesome, the extras rock and being a blonde RULZ!!!!
B00005UKKF|5.0|I went to Britney's \\"Dream within a Dream\\" concert, and it was one of the greatest concerts I have ever been to.  Its packed with tons of great dancing and great effects.  Wade Robson is a terrific choreographer!!! Britney and her dancers are just the best, and I hope to go to her concert again when her tour comes over here again.  The DVD of her concert made me feel like I was seeing it live again.  It was taped of the show that was the day before my concert.  I really recommend this DVD to every Britney fan...its a must have for sure!!! ;)  THANKS BRITNEY for all your hard work...your concert rocks!! And Wade Robson is the best!!! :)
B00005QDW1|5.0|Yes, that's right. I never used to like them. I thought they were boring, but my opinion has changed with this album. I bought it cuz I thought it looked interesting, and found it was completely awesome. They're one of my fave bands now (Blue being my biggest fave).<br />My faves:<BR>All of them! But especially &quot;Hey Baby&quot;, &quot;Detective&quot;, &quot;Underneath It All&quot; and &quot;Rock Steady&quot;<br />No Doubt are definitely in 'no doubt' with me. Their album rocks, &quot;Hey Baby&quot; rocks and they're one of the most awesome bands around. Excellent.
B00004YW6I|5.0|I love PJ Harvey. She is the greatest. I can't explain how good this cd is. If I could be anyone, I'd be her. She's a great writer, a good singer and a damn fine guitar player.
B0000634EV|4.0|This album had to grow on me. At first I was disapointed because I was expecting it to be like the debut. And it still does have that feel to it. It seems like they didn't put that much time into it. But it is worth checking out.
B000002J09|5.0|The first time I heard this album, I was blown away.  This wild epiphone raced through my mind that, maybe, this is the best music I've ever experienced.  Sure enough, countless hours later, the memorable songs and lyrics are tattooed on my brain.  This album defines Zeppelin, with eight great tracks that are all winners.  My personal favorites include the great intro song &quot;Black Dog&quot;; the hippyish, Lord of the Rings alluded &quot;Misty Mountain Hop&quot;; and of course, the magnum-opus, the piece de resistance, the ever so beautiful, wonderfully executed &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;.  Who can't like that song?
B00003CXDZ|3.0|...it's likely that a lot (not all, but a lot) of the contempt exhibited toward this film is really directed at some of its more zealous fans, many of whom aren't old enough yet to realize that MOULIN ROUGE isn't the be-all and end-all of musicals. Nor is it likely a 'reinvention' of the genre, if you use that word to define something influential; or at least, if it is, and we can look forward to many more musicals composed of 1000 cuts per minute, it would greatly lessen this film's appeal, as that very novelty is what makes it interesting. <br />As for its other virtues, it has beautiful costumes and sets and attractive actors--but then, so did the 2001 version of PLANET OF THE APES, and I doubt THAT is going to hold up well in the future, because it doesn't have a noteworthy story or dialogue. MOULIN ROUGE suffers from the same problem (and the apes gave better performances). Will it retain its appeal years from now? Depends. In any case, at this time it provides two hours or so of continuous entertainment, which is more than most other major films of the past year could do.
B00005QG9J|3.0|The problem with this CD is that its boring. That doesn't mean its a bad CD, just that you might fall asleep listening to it. Its OK, but it doesn't live up to Make Yourself, which is a really awesome CD with all good songs. If you want Incubus, get that first.<BR> If you're a Make Yourself fan, you might be a little disappointed with this CD, because it isn't as hard, it's a much slower and softer CD. About half the songs are good, solid songs that have that distinctive Incubus sound to them, and would have fit on Incubus' last CD. The other half are these soft songs that sort of drag on without going anywhere. The lyrics on these are probably profound, but to me they just sound weird. I think Incubus is going in a new direction with these, and I hope they're not signs of Incubus' next CD, because they're not awful, but nothing special.<BR> If you heard Wish You Were Here on the radio and loved it, once again I would recommend getting Make Yourself first, but don't forget about this CD, because it has a lot of songs that are as good(in my opinion better). In short, this CD is good, but not that good.
0066211697|4.0|I read this book when I was 20 in Turkish. After 2 years I watched its movie and re-read the book. It is really a good book.
0804106304|5.0|\\"Intensely poetic, startlingly imaginative and moving, this remarkable book will speak to many women, mothers and grown daughters.\\"<br />   This book is about four, Chinese women, who migrated from China and to America, during the confused time of war, between Japan and their country. Each women experiences very hard and sad time in her girlhood, but they migrate to America with big hope of a new life. However, they were forced to live unstably as immigrants in America. They also struggle for confrontation with their daughters who were born in America. But they can overcome these difficulties with their positive attitude not to leave their hopes. We can see the ideas and sense of values of Chinese women in this book. This book gives readers courage and hope.<br />   The Joy Luck Club by Amy Tan is truly a remarkable book. It is a novel that deals with the relationships between mothers and daughters and also the conflicts between Chinese and American cultures. A delight to read, this novel involves the reader as it progresses through the stories of these four mothers and four daughters. These characters deal with issues such as rape, divorce, failure, abandonment, and many more. Throughout this novel, by dealing with these issues, the daughters learn to understand their mothers' views on life.<br />   The Joy Luck Club is a collection of short stories, arranged into chapters with an individual theme - love. The stories are all diverse, which keeps the book interesting, yet they still intertwine and relate to each other. Along with the chapters being in different themes, the book is grouped into four segments containing four chapters, one chapter per segment from each of either the mothers or daughters. The mothers and daughters have extremely different outlooks on life, which are shown though the chapters from their own perspective. These outlooks and different perspectives add to the depth of the cultural conflict between the American daughters and Chinese mothers.<br />   I could not put this novel down once I opened it! As a result of reading this novel I have learned to really treasure the mother-daughter relationship. This novel holds a truly remarkable story that helps one to appreciate human diversity and understanding. It is honestly one of the best books I have ever encountered. The Joy Luck Club is priceless.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I must say that I was truly amazed by Moulin Rouge. It is a wonderful movie made so by a unique directors eye and stirring performances. One of note is Ewan McGregors, and McGregors alone. I have been browsing thorugh several of these reviews and seeing as how there are already over 400, mine will probably never be read, but I felt the need to lend it. <br />Every review I've seen always compares McGregors music and Kidmans together. This is a grave injusitice to McGregor. While Kidman's voice is actually decent it can not be compared to the confident strength of McGregor's. His voice fills the gaps created by Kidman's wavering small voice and actually carries it. It creates a mask, an illusion that both are very talented. When it is really McGregor who bears the talent. <br />I would buy the CD to hear McGregor sing, I think he makes a wonderful singer and makes the CD.
B00003CXTG|1.0|If I could have given this movie 0 stars I would have.  There is only a maximum of 1,000 words that I can write here, so I will not even begin to list all of the historical inaccuracies in this movie.  Frankly, you could write an entire book on that. I also will not talk about how stupid and drawn out the personal storyline is, which has NOTHING to do with the event for which the movie is named. I study East Asain history and World War II. I am constantly in touch with veterans on both sides.  All I can say is that this movie is pathetic in its portrayal of a very important event.  Has our overly patriotic and romantic view of America's past come to this sad display?  I hope that children do not grow up seeing this and thinking it has anything to do with reality.  I have heard people saying that this is just a movie and that beating it over the head with history is pointless.  The fact is, it represents itself as history.  They even opened the movie at Pearl Harbor and had the stars dressed in U.S. Navy garments.  Movie have an effect on the collective perceptions a culture has about an event, whether we like it or not.  This is an insult to one of the bravest generations of human beings all over the world.  Micheal Bay, Ben Affleck, and everyone else involved with this movie should be ashamed.  They owe an apology to everyone on both the Japanese and American side of WWII.  If anyone is interested in a fairly accurate movie about Pearl Habor, go get \\"Tora! Tora! Tora!\\"
0060931736|5.0|&quot;The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie&quot; is the first book I read by this famous Scottish writer, and right after I finished, I searched the web to learn that Dame Spark has played an important role in the development of trends in modern, contemporary British literature. Due to the heavyweight nature of the reading matter I recently devoured, I decided to buy the shortest book by Muriel Spark, and it turned out to be one of her most important ones, with a charming literary archetype, the lovable Miss Brodie. At first, I had thought to myself - what an amusing little book! - but when I finished the novel, I had quite a different set of perceptions, although I still think that the essence of this this book is more of anecdotal humor than of anything else. A perfect, encyclopedic example of how, in literary fiction, delicious entertainment may be successfully married with profound philosophical issues. <br />Only a small subset of pupils are lucky to be educated, and prepared for life by teachers with a true calling, like Miss Brodie. Teaching is an occupation like any other, yet it's the most instrumental for shaping the personality and outlook of a young human being. Some parents are good teachers, that's their duty after all, though again only a small subset of parents are the true mentors worth their salt. Yet it's the school and then the university, that has enormous impact on us. Being a teenager means to find oneself in a constant, continuous trauma of discovery, where all kinds of events and situations force us to make decisions, to make judgments, to distinguish the right from the wrong, and last but not least, what to do with one's life. So many of us wander aimlessly because there is no one who might give us a helping hand, who might nurse the blooming talents we might have, and so we drift through life and wonder why some are luckier than others, or do not wonder at all, which is even worse. Young people need some authority to look up to; not the authorityin the authoritarian sense, but in the classical, ancient meaning of this word. Education at its best is not a dead transmission of edification, but an active development of the soul and the mind, a guided development of culture, where a sensitive young person learns to not be afraid to evaluate the world around her. <br />Miss Brodie had only a short-lived contact with a small set of young girls, but she managed to influence their whole life, whether the initial enchantment with the mentor lasted forever or not. &quot;The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie&quot; is a satire, thus it should not be taken literally, in case you were so inclined. I have been lucky to have been guided by mentors, and I will never forget their lessons, although most of them have been implicit, and then many of them understood only after a long time. This novel means the world to me, because if there is one thing I was born to do, it's teaching, and teaching in a highly personal way. There is little that can make me more happy than a contribution to someone's young life, a devotion of one's prime, to quote the ingenious Dame Muriel Spark.
B000000HZT|5.0|F/Db - that's the opening chord.  That's all it took to immediately and forever imprint the music of this album into the heart of my brain - and there is no getting it out.  Forget all the yahoos who say Kim Beacon is blah at best.  He is as much an instrument as the guitars and drums, though less important that the boards.  Just read the review of the guy from Lake Charles (once you bring up all the reviews) and you have the entire synopsis of the album.  I like that phrase he uses of the second half of &quot;You&quot;; &quot;fury of hellfire.&quot;  Also, listen to the last minute and a half of &quot;Somebody Else's Dream,&quot; and them watch a horror movie.  Which is more haunting?  My money is on Tony.  The musically squeamish need not listen beyond the clips on this website.  For the daring only.  Absolutely fantastic work, Tony!
B00005AWMF|5.0|Sade is one of the smoothest and most professional vocalists to ever hit the scene.  Her voice is 'like buttah', and her band as musically tight and talented as can be.  This is 'perfectionist' music... a perfect melding of pop/contemp jazz to say the least.  And oh what a GREAT job the record company did by remastering all these clockwork songs!  I am hearing nuances and details I have never heard before on this CD!!  It sounds SO crisp and detailed, with a wider, taller soundstage compared to these songs on their original CD releases of years ago.  If you really want to hear how truly phenomenal she sounds, listen to this disc on a high-end system with hi-resolution speakers like 'Magnepan' or 'Martin-Logan'.  You will be drawn in like Odysseus was with the Sirens!  5 stars all the way!  This is what ALL CD's should sound like!  We should all demand better recording and mastering quality from record companies!!
B00005Q45W|5.0|My other favorite Leonard Cohen record is The Death of A Ladies Man, which is a very different cd in every way.  Or at least in every way but the one that really matters, which is Leonard Cohen's plain spoken voice singing those startling words with such rich melodies.<br />This cd is as simple and stripped down sounding as any contemporary cd I own.  It might as well have been an acoustic guitar solo record but instead Cohen chose the cheapest , most obvious Radio Shack keyboard sound you can imagine.  And I'm sure this will put some people off this cd but  I believe the reason he did it was to speak in the most mundane, common language while speaking in the most elevated, trancendental language.<br />Throughout the cd, his voice is echoed by Sharon Robinson, his producer, who adds a dry, simple harmonic richness that rubs up against Cohen's typical dry rasp.  I find this perfect, though I'm sure there will be those who don't.  It is reminiscent to me of The Death of A Ladies Man in the bold simplicity of the production, though 10 New Songs is much more of a stripped down feeling.<br />You will never hear songs from anyone  else like By the Rivers Dark or, especially, Alexandra Leaving.  I don't know how to do a comparison here, because I don't believe anyone else has written songs that are even similar. How  many artists can you say that about?<br />Finally, the album ends with what strikes a jarring note in our current atmosphere of patriotism, and I'm very sure that he meant it to.  The last song, The Land of Plenty, is like a prayer for truth in an atmosphere of propaganda.  \\"May the lights in the land of plenty shine on the truth someday.\\"  I don't even know that I agree with this, but I do know that no one else is really saying anything like it with sincerity and genuine hope.  And thats why I need to hear Leonard Cohen's not so perfect voice.
B00005NWM3|4.0|Those who hate this album and give it poor reviews are very predictable with their comments--&quot;it's too mainstream&quot;, &quot;it's grunge derivative&quot;, &quot;it's an unoriginal sound&quot;, etc.  While I understand these criticisms on the one hand, I don't agree with them.  All I had to do was listen to this album once to be hooked.<br />I'll admit that I knew little about this band beyond their catchy hit single, &quot;How You Remind Me&quot; before buying this album.  A friend told me that most of the album rocked more than that song and that it was a listenable, mainstream sound; and that in itself peaked my curiousity enough to purchase it.  Sure enough, I was not disappointed.<br />At just under 40 minutes and 11 tracks, this album reminds me a lot of the albums I purchased as a kid in the '80s.  If you are groaning as you read this and hate the '80s, then don't bother reading most of my reviews.  :-)  What I mean by my first statement is that the album leads off with a great rocker in &quot;Never Again&quot;--a very powerful song about domestic abuse that flat out kicks.  Definitely an album highlight.  Then comes the aforementioned big single--a nice contrast to the first song, but that is followed by a definite rocker again in &quot;Woke Up This Morning&quot;.  Then comes another hit in &quot;Too Bad&quot;--also a very good song if not that different from the first hit.  After that, the album very much rocks on virtually all tracks.  Songs like &quot;Hollywood&quot;, &quot;Money Bought&quot;, and &quot;Where Do I Hide&quot; all have crunch to them.  The last track, &quot;Good Times Gone&quot; is the closest thing to a ballad on the album--but it reminds me of a very good rock anthem, as it too is catchy.  This song is also the longest track on the album (just over 5 minutes) and is a great way to end the album.<br />The current releases that I like the best generally have elements from rock throughout the past 30 years--the guitar sound of the '70s, the melodies of the '80s, and a little of the &quot;modern sound&quot; from the '90s.  To me, Nickelback combines those elements very well here.  I'm not going to pretend that their sound is all that original.  However, this sound is certainly far superior to any other pop or rock trends out their these days.  Very catchy and enjoyable listen.
B000000OE7|3.0|I wrote those exact same words the first time I reviewed this album for our campus magazine, a month after it was released.  At the time I was being deferential to the talent of the band as well as their enviable catalogue, so I remember giving it more credit than it deserved.<br />The title track is classic Queen at it's finest; \\"I Was Born To Love You\\", and \\"Too Much Love Will Kill You\\" are Brian May's shining moments on the disc, but in retrospect, the whole album is a bit too melancholy to sit through from start to finish--and Queen was always a wistful band, but not necessarily a depressing one.<br />\\"You Don't Fool Me\\" is pure filler, as is \\"Heaven For Everyone\\", while the reprise of \\"It's A Beautiful Day\\" is nothing more than a poor attempt of padding out the CD to it's fullest possible length.  But \\"A Winter's Tale\\" lends a certain Christmas-y charm to it, and by the end, you're won over by Freddy's chops, unmatched even at the end of his life.<br />A fitting send-off LP for Freddy, but merely an average one from the band itself.  Buy it anyway.
B00004XOWM|2.0|I'm surprised that Limp Bizkit has gotten this bad.<BR>They were bad before and getting worse.<BR>Maybe something will come to them and they'll clean up their act before their next CD. (Hopefully)<BR>As for this CD if you Buy it be perpared to put it in the trash.
B000002L9J|5.0|Say all you want about the 1980's producing music that was devoid of any meaning, significance, or worth, but you can't deny that The Smiths were fantastic, brilliant, and every other positive adjective you can think of. Their perfect singles might have gotten them the notoriety they deserved, but their full-length album The Queen Is Dead is certainly one of their greatest achievements. <BR>The bands' third album found Morrissey perfecting his morose, emotional, and vivid lyrics while the musicianship of Johnny Marr, Andy Rourke, and Mike Joyce became an unstoppable force of melody and power. The album's angry title track, attacking the monarchy among other problems surrounding England at the time, opens the album superbly while the singles &quot;Bigmouth Strikes Again&quot; and &quot;The Boy With The Thorn In His Side&quot; are able to become a crucial part of the album's structure. <BR>&quot;I Know It's Over&quot; is one of the Smiths' greatest pieces of music set to tape with a fine performance by Morrissey, who's able to capture the tortured, helpless urgency in his lyrics, and emotional dynamics provided from the rest of the band.<BR>The bouncy &quot;Frankley Mr. Shankley&quot; and &quot;Cemetary Gates&quot; cover the band's more upbeat spectre of the Smiths' catalog while the strangley touching &quot;There Is A Light That Never Goes Out&quot; again shows why the Smiths are one of the greatest single bands ever.<BR>The Queen Is Dead a landmark album of 1980's pop/rock that proved the Smiths' were a timeless, fantastic band.
B00005K3OT|3.0|This is a gorgeously produced movie with its heart in the right place, but ultimately it fails to deliver more than the merest trifle (pun intended) of entertainment.  It's all SO well-intended and politically correct, and the story is barely believable. (How did this woman who shows up in town on foot, with only two suitcases, manage to equip and stock a confectionery store?)  I enjoyed it while it lasted, even though I felt that the movie was trying to manipulate my emotions, but it left no lasting impression. Enjoy it for what it is --- a (semi) modern-day fantasy or fable -- but don't expect greatness. It's not as good as most reviewers would have you believe!
B0000029J5|5.0|I can't say enough good things about this CD and the Blues of Kelvin Moore (Keb Mo).  He carries all the dust of the road of a delta bluesman and sounds like a page out of time or rather carries a timeless sound marching the blues troubadour into the next century.  Keb Mo is low down dirty good!<br />If you can stop tapping your feet enough to contemplate Keb's acoustic gymnastics and his lithe but lethal touch on the fret board, the depth of his musical prowess is arresting (listen to \\"Am I Wrong\\").  His guitar work is pretty incomparable.<br />Serious blues done by serious bluesmen usually just reach out to the serious blues fan.  This CD will reach out to the populace reflecting the sentiment of people of a variety of taste.  Some of it is light and could play in coffee house folk.  Some of it's a bit deeper and reaches out to the smoky bar set in the basements and tenements of blues.  Mo's voice holds its own with the best of blues voices carrying just the right amount of clarity, regional dialect, and gruffness.  Robert Johnson make room at the crossroads...Keb Mo has arrived and he's got talent  in spades.  I've gotta get away from this keyboard and dance with abandon around the room as Mo's \\"She Just Wants to Dance\\" bounces in my ears and reaches a blue note within the soul.
6305428425|1.0|I recollect reading, when this movie came out, that it was based on a stand-up comedy skit about 9 minutes long. At that length, it probably worked. But expanded to 90 minutes or so, it simply doesn't. Yeah, I know it's supposed to be satire of sorts, but it's not funny.  Both of the main characters are dense beyond belief, and all the people at their reunion are stereotypes. The movie is so desperate to fill time that it has R&M go through the reunion TWICE, and it's not funny either time!  You do get to see Lisa Kudrow and Mira Sorvino in their bras and panties, but that's not enough to make this turkey worth watching, let alone buying.
6303168507|5.0|i think this is an incredible film which really evokes  the horrors that happened in Cracow during the war (although i dont know much about the rest of poland etc). I read the book, schindlers ark, before i saw the film  and i was honestly surprised at how accurate Spielberg kept the screenplay. The atrocities commited by amon goeth really happened and things that seem miraculous like when 2 of goeth's guns failed to work when he attepted to execute a rabbi are actual events. i think one unnecessary part tho was when oskar broke down completly at the end.in reality, oskar was too dignifyed. However i understand the impact that the scene creates so im just  nitpicking really.<BR>someone asked in their review below what the little girl in red  symbolises. in the book schindler rides up a hill overlooking the ghetto with his mistress. an SS official takes the little girl by the hand and walks her from the street with a line of other jews. the girl looks over her shoulder and sees a boy of 10 brutally murdered, and oskar wonders why the SS man doesnt shield her from the horror. upon reflection, her realizes it is simply because the SS will not permit the girl to live to tell the tale. this event is the turning point for schindler, and it spurs him on to defeat the system.
0062502182|5.0|1)The preview is reffering to The Alchemist &amp;<BR>2)Please replace word Udinese with word Perugia
B0000640SA|5.0|Why hollywood spends 100 million dollars making [junky] movies is beyond me when all they need are more scripts as well written as this one. <br />I watched it twice over the this past weekend for the first and second times. WOW, what a movie. You feel like your a detective putting pieces of a puzzle together backwards. I really enjoyed this movie greatly.
6303168507|5.0|I wan to get this movie on DVD, can you please let us know when is going to come out on DVD.<br />Thank You.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park has really come a long way since when they first released this album. This is of course due to the success of both singles &quot;Crawling&quot; and &quot;In The End&quot;. But I bought this album before they all the hype started about them. And I thought it was unbelievable. Not only to powerful lyrics that anyone can easily relate too but also to great music. A lot of people catergorize them under the rapcore genre and while that may be true, they take it to great lengths. With Chester's powerful voice, Mike's flawless rapping, Rob's incredible drumming, Brad's good guitaring, Phoenix on the bass and with Mr.Hahn behind the turntables. Linkin Park is truly a one of a kind band.
6304057709|3.0|Emma Thompson's adaptation of Jane Austen's Sense and Sensibility is sure to have you leaving the theater.  This \\"romantic\\" style film is set in England during the late 18th Century.  The film is about a set of sisters who try to marry-off to the right man in the midst of their father's death.  Along the way, come three men who aid and attempt to court the two sisters, Marianne and Elinor Dashwood.  Eventually, the women marry.<BR> The only thing that \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" has going for itself is brainless feminine humor and awkward comedic timing.  This movie moves too slow and the romanticism is corny.  I think that this movie is a good representation of its time, however, you men should save your[money].  I do applaud Alan Rickman for a reel performance of a true, classy man.  Although, like all classy men, he was continuously the \\"hero of the day\\" but, conveniently put aside for another man until the end of the picture.<BR> Ang Lee, director of \\"Sense and Sensibility,\\" is no stranger to fame in Hollywood.  He has won seven awards for \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" and 13 awards for the highly praised \\"Wo hu cang long,\\" (Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon).  It is hard to compare these two critically acclaimed films by Lee since they are at the opposite ends of Hollywood's spectrum.  Sorry guys, no where in \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" will you see Hugh Grant and Alan Rickman throw down in a martial arts fight.  However, like \\"Wo hu cang long\\" Lee's direction of \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is based on capturing the moment of human expression.  Such expressions can be seen in the various emotional breakdowns by Kate Winslet.<BR> Most critics agree that this film is an accurate representation of Austen's 1795 book.  Roger Ebert has also said that \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is, \\"an enjoyable film, and yet it left me somehow unsatisfied. I liked the wit, I liked the charm of the actors, I enjoyed the way that Rickman chewed his role as if he wanted to make it last, and the tension when Grant's Edward is made to suffer - particularly since he appears to be a cad only because he has tried to do the right thing. And I appreciated the way Thompson's Elinor kept her character's face carefully expressionless as she negotiated scenes in which some knew her secrets and others did not.\\"<BR> Men, this movie is not the cream of the crop.  However, you should be able to score points by recommending this film to your girl friends for their \\"Friday Night Chick Flick .\\"  This is Eugene Morris Jerome, and remember, \\"If your not at the movies, your wasting your time.\\"
0316286850|5.0|This book was the best thing to ever happen to me.  After wondering if makeup was the field I wanted as my career, Kevyn Aucoin has finally made that contemplation into a reality.  I had another book by a popular makeup artist with wonderful tips but seemed very structured and unwilling to be daring.  Kevyn, is the complete opposite.  Besides the fact that this book is laid out wonderfully and very detailed, I believe that it could be the catalyst for future makeup artists, like myself.  THANK YOU KEVYN!
0679735909|3.0|I need to qualify my previous review because when I wrote it, I had 150 pages left to go.<br />I still believe my assessment is on point for the first 2/3 of the book.  However, in all fairness, I must admit, the last 150+ pages were rather engaging, and NOTHING like the rest of the book. <br />It is almost as though Byatt wrote the first 400 pages or so, put the novel down for a long time and came back to it a much better writer.  I was pleasantly surprised to find rich language, a better flow in style, and deeper character development. (Even the poetry seemed better--I didn't have to skip it!)<br />Please forgive my previously negative review. I honestly thought I had read everything I needed to in order to write about the book.  <br />If you can take the beginning and the middle, the end (although somewhat predictable) is truly a pleasure to read. <br />I stand corrected.
6301247485|1.0|I too would rate this film MUCH higher if the original musical score was reinstated by Paramount. TV editions still have it, but some music royalty issues scuttled the VHS version, effectively destroying the whole tone of the movie. Without the original film having Irving Berlin's \\"What'll I Do\\" and a few other '20s standards, the mystical, romantic soul of the movie is banished, and what comes across is a shadow of the original production. If there's ever a DVD version, the original soundtrack BETTER be reinstated, since this is NOT the true film otherwise!
B00005NWM3|4.0|OK, YALL, HERE'S THE DEAL, SOME REVIEWERS ARE HATING ON MY BOYS FROM NICKELBACK. OVERALL, THEIR CD IS A GREAT PUTTOGETHER. IF YOU LOVE ROCK AND ROLL, AND I DO, THEN YOU'LL ABSOLUTELY ADORE THIS CD. I DON'T KNOW HOW THOSE REVIEWERS CAN SAY ALL THOSE NEGATIVE THINGS ABOUT SUCH A TALENTED BAND. IF YOU GOT CRAP TO SAY, THEN KEEP IT TO YOURSELF, CAUSE THIS CD IS WORTH EVERY CENT YOU SPEND ON IT.
B00004WPAZ|5.0|You need this recording because it is jazzy, it is dancey, and it is perfect for shaking your thing or just for lounging around.  Ludovic Navarre has been a longtime member of the techno scene, frequently doing tracks and/or remixing them.  This album as St. Germain is more of a personal project for him, making tracks more for himself than for the dancefloor.  As a result, you can almost hear the love and detail that went into it.  My only regret right now is that I haven't bought the CD yet (I have it on vinyl) so I can play it more often.  BTW, I have played it in my DJ sets and people absolutely love it...but how could you not?
0380788624|5.0|As a writer, there are very few books that awe me.  Cryptonomicon is one of those few.  I've been pushing this book on everyone I know.  I knew Stephenson was a good writer from reading Snow Crash, but I never would have guessed the depth of his genius until Cryptonomicon.  In many ways, this book reminds me of another novel that awed me -- Thomas Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow.  Perhaps it's the surreal WWII setting.  More likely it's the amazing genius evidenced by both books.  <br />So what's the downside of reading this book?  Well, if you're a writer, you'll come out of it convinced you should just give up and leave the novel writing to Stephenson, because you just KNOW there's no way you'll ever write anything near as good.  Neal Stephenson, you've just made your way onto my Top Ten People I Want to Meet list.  I can't imagine the fascinating conversations you could get into with this guy!  Amazing writer, amazing book!
B00005JKJA|4.0|Lot of people are trying to get in to Hollywood. But there is no place for all of them. isnt it?. This outstanding dramatic-thriller tells the story of the other side of Hollywood in a very complex way. Its all about atmospher,with a continuos feeling of not understanding. Well, there is the little mess. You can see the movie 3 or 4 times, and still looking for some answers. But dont miss this movie.
0805062971|5.0|Two words THE BEST.It is extremelly original and stylish.Fight Club is definately one of the best books I have ever read! When I saw the movie I was extremelly surprised on how close it followed the book.It is superb and cannot be outdone.I know this because Tyler knows this.I was speaking through Tylers mouth.I know if you read Fight Club you to will know this because Tyler knows this!
B00000HZFP|5.0|When this movie was first offered on pay per view I was skeptical. I watched it anyway, and I was amazed.The music and lyrics are delightful. I'm a 46 year old grandmother, not your typical &quot;ROCK FAN&quot;. After I watched the movie I researched it on the internet and found out more about JC Mitchell and how the movie came about.I ordered 2 copies of the CD. One for the car and one for the house. I also joined the &quot;Hedwig&quot; fan club.I also agree that John Cameron Mitchell should win a grammy. I can't believe how talented this young man is. It's truly amazing to watch him. You can really see Hedwig's pain, even though there are hilarious scenes. The music is a MUST HAVE.
B000063DIR|4.0|this cd and \\"blizzard of ozz\\" I kind of think as one CD since Ozzy recorded both at the same time.  I keep reading how this cd is \\"inferior\\" to the blizzard cd but I disagree.  I like both of them equally...\\"Little Dolls\\" is kinda lame but other than that, it's great.  The slow break in the title song is very cool as well as the ending with the choir...it just sounds so EVIL(ha ha).  I bought this remastered CD last week after not owning or hearing it since I bought the vinyl album in 1982 when I was 12yo.  I really miss Ozzy's 80's music... I'm gonna buy all of them.  Long live Ozzy... and watch his show on MTV!!  And as far as the controversy about re-recording the bass and drums with his current musicians...I can't tell the difference for one second ...!!!! It's Ozzy's music, he must have had a good reason ...
0345350499|3.0|This book was interesting in that the concept of telling the Arthurian legend from the womens' point of view is entertaining and intriguing.  Also appreciated was the extensive development of story and characters from the time previous to Arthur taking the throne.  The central characters are developed nicely, though most of the supporting characters are quite shallow.<br />I lowered the overall rating, though, because I found the writing to be fairly amateurish.  Some of the historical license taken was excessive.  For instance, there is a character, Patricius, who is clearly identified as being the person Patricius who is more often known today as St. Patrick.  This character remains in the book well past the battle of Mt. Badon.  That battle took place c. 500 AD, and Patricius is known to have died in 461 AD.  Also, many of the details and descriptions of Christian liturgy and monastic life are, for the time and place, inaccurate.   <br />There is also much need of a more critical eye in editing.  There are some points that are repeated so many times that the reader feels like it is a lesson being drummed in by a schoolmaster.  For instance, we are constantly reminded of the phrase, \\"What of the King Stag, when the Young Stag is grown?\\"  It is introduced and explained, and then in the final third of the book it seems that Morgaine either thinks or speaks it every other page.  <br />Hopefully the book was not written as a support or detraction to or from either of the main religions portrayed.  For the side of Avalon, Morgaine winds up looking as bad or worse as the Christians she so despises.  Further, the fact that a \\"little girl\\" (as identified in the text) was effectively raped at one of so-called pagan rites during Arthur's kingmaking can hardly elicit sympathy for the oh-so-noble Goddess and her worshippers.  And, for the side of the Christians there is too much editorial bias to give much consideration.  If Ms. Bradley's intent was to call the mind the destructive bent of fanaticism in general, then in that case she succeeded.<br />Overall, the book is a nice complement to the more traditional cycle of Arthurian stories.
B00005OAIE|5.0|John has wonderful lyrics, that truely speak to the heart.  His material is fresh and interesting.  I only wish that he woudl come to my area so that I could see him live!
B00005JKQX|5.0|One of the greatest movies I've ever seen.  Russell Crowe got jipped out of his second consecutive Oscar.  ... Crowe's protrayal of a schizophrenic is superb!!  This movie had me wondering what was real well into the plot.  Wonderful, wonderful movie.  I can't wait to own it!!
0784011176|2.0|I know this film was embraced virtually all who saw it and my wife and I were excited to see it based on the reviews and word of mouth buzz, but my we came close to walking out on this film. Despite it's obvious popular success, it's hard to see what's so great about it. This film from self proclaimed feminist director Jane Campion seems to hammer home the point that men are beasts- yeah, what else is new? For some that may be a valid point but in this film, none of the male characters seem to reveal any redeeming qualities, reducing them to cardboard villains whereas our heroine, despite leading on Harvey Keitell at one point, appears to remain free from any approbation. A Feminism that  denigrates Men in broad strokes only serves to polarize and harden the battle lines rather than leading to the mutual understanding.<BR>The characters just don't act and react to events in the film consistent with intuition and common sense and they fail to connect  as a result. The photography is often murky and claustrophobic (as well as the story)  and Michael Nyman's annoying new age type doodly music (especially for her playing) is absurdly anachronistic for the period depicted and woefully devoid of real musical value for any period. This was an \\"Emperors New Clothes\\" experience for us.<BR>Not recommended.
B00000JX9R|4.0|I spent [a lot] on this thinking there would be some outtakes from the album or something new, but the japanese pressing is much like the us pressing with the only exception being that the cd is an lp cd which means that the cd looks like a record.  Another reason this didn't get 5 stars was because it doesn't include all the original artwork from the original lp.  It should of included all original artwork, plus some bonus tracks like I'm down, scenrio, she's on it, and rock hard, all of which were from the def jam era of the beastie boys.  Although the album is great, don't expect anything new other than the lyrics and the cardboard cover.  there are no new tracks on this, so waste your money on something else like paul's boutique or ill communication.  You can probably get both of those great albums [for the same amount].
B000000OAN|5.0|One of the greatest albums of all time. A great album from the first song to the last. (Not just Bohemian Rhapsody!) You can't say enough about an album as over-the-top, fun, thought-provoking, and classic as this. My favorite album of all time. Best tracks: Bohemian Rhapsody, You're My Best Friend, '39, I'm In Love With My Car, and Love Of My Life.
B00005V9HH|5.0|Kevin Spacey is one of the greatest actors alive and this is the proof.  Add spectacular story development, well played roles by Gabriel Byrne, Benicio Del Torro, and company and you've got yourself one hell of a movie.  Some have disliked the ending, due to the fact that it renders the rest of the movie obsolete.  I couldn't disagree more.  Kaiser Soyze is a legend, the ending contributes to that theme, making the story told in the movie a legend of it's own.  Bryan Singer did an excellent job putting the pieces together, he definitely had the cast to pull it off.  My highest recommendation to anyone looking to twist their minds a bit.
B00003CXI1|5.0|hey ppl! i'd like 2 say--- this movie was great! i loved it! its definately one 2 watch with the kiddies. great 4 keeping them occupied 4 AGES<br />great setting, loox very realistic. casting not so good, as  the characters r not how i imagined them wen i read tha book, but i gess evry1 has there own opinion of wat they look like.<br />all i have l;eft 2 say is... get this movie! its great!
0380778556|5.0|This novel is amazing!  DuMaurier tells a great, original story with twists and turns no one could imagine.  Her writing style, although somewhat older, is not very difficult to read and her descriptive style is interesting to read. Her protagonist is well developed and although somewhat mousy, she is not very difficult to relate to.  This book is a classic not only of duMaurier's time, but also of today.
6303450083|5.0|Who says there are no such things as ghosts? Not if there is the ghostly inhabitants of Whipstaff Manor in Friendship, Maine!<BR>This desolate mansion is then, in the words of one of the members of the Ghostly Trio of Whipstaff, 'intruded' by Kat Harvey (Christina Ricci) and her eccentric father Dr. James Harvey (Bill Pullman), a ghost therapist. Carrigan Crittenden (Cathy Moriarty) had hired Dr. Harvey to exorcise the ghosts, including Casper the friendly ghost and his three obnoxious uncles, Stretch, Fatso and Stinkie, aspiring to gain Whipstaff's 'buried gold'. <BR>Intertwining humour, all-time 'floating' fun and a modern Cinderella story, 'Casper' promises to please as a movie which is compelling, hilarious, captivating, heart-warming, witty and above all, truly 'fleshtastic'.<BR>'Casper' is recommended for any audience, regardless of age. ... 'Casper' ... manages to appear endearing and ultimately special.<BR>The magic of Bill Pullman, Christina Ricci as well as that of director Brad Silberling, executive producer Steven Spielberg, and other producers weaves between each and every scene to eventually lift us off our feet. <BR>Above all, I LOVE THIS MOVIE! Casper is my all time favourite character. Truly fleshtastic. BOOlistic! You won't BOOlieve it until you see it.
1878574590|5.0|Fans of Frank Miller will not be disappointed here.  The artwork is stark and powerful, you just want to drink each panel in.  Marv is an amazingly complex character: repulsive and sympathetic at the same time.  This is gritty stuff--I'm not usually a fan of such extreme violence, but even that fact couldn't prevent me from enjoying this compelling story.  Frank Miller is brilliant, as usual.
B000002N1E|1.0|First I was told it was being shipped and then I was told it was not in stock.  I don't want a refund I just want the CD I was promised.
0452282152|5.0|Griet, the fictional character on which Chevalier bases her novel is a likable, relatable teenage girl.  Chevalier's idea for her book is a creative one, inventing a fake muse for a real painting.  She mixes fiction with fact in such a tantalizing way that she makes this book and Griet seem real.  Her vivid descriptions of Holland give the reader a feel for what it was really like during Vermeer's time period.  For readers who like historical fiction, this is a good book to read.
B000001GXI|4.0|This should be exhibit 1 for anyone trying to prove that old-fashioned Mozart can work as well as more historically informed performances.  This recording is pure magic from the first note.  No one does that overture like Bohm!  It's hard to listen to other interpreters after him.  Throughout the performance, Karl Bohm is in many ways the star.  The listener will hear his unique approach to Mozart everywhere.  Bohm lets the music of this amazing opera breath.  Listen to the woodwinds in the overture, Sarastro's entrance at the end of Act 1 and especially \\"Dies Bildnis\\".  It is nearly impossible to imagine them being so well articulated by anyone else.  Every note is clear and strong.  The music resonates and fills up the ear.  Of course, this means slow tempos and Bohm could sometimes end-up being terribly dull.  But his style is ideal for this opera of enlightenment and sanity.  This is Mozart's farwell to opera, his final affirmative message (in this genre) to humanity!  Who wants to rush through it anyway?  <BR>The cast has attracted alot of controversy and that is understandable.  However, the problems (present though they are) don't really bother me as much as they have some listeners.  Fritz Wunderlich is Tamino.  I really shouldn't have to say anymore but it is worth repeating that this singer was one of the unique voices of history.  He turns a fairy tale prince into the essence of pure romantic love.  You never doubt him for a second.  For me it comes down to the line \\"Es ist kein Traum!\\"  (\\"It's not a dream!\\") at the end of Act 1.  So much is poured into so little the effect is hard to describe.  By the way, thinking of his early death is a guranteed tear-jerker while listening to this recording.  Lear as Pamina is the chief problem for most.  And it is true, she's not up to it.  The quality of the voice is pleasant enough but she sounds too old and has breath problems.  If only Janowitz were in her place!!!  But I just don't feel she affects the performance too badly.  She does have her virtues.  She is emotionally involved and improves vastly in Act 2.  I never felt like she was a blank slate; just a talented, nice voiced artist doing her best.  This is not enough but it could have been MUCH worse.  <BR>With Peters I have to disagree with the general opinion.  I find her perfect.  Even her very few lines at the end are done in a way that make the spine tingle.  \\"Der Holle Rache\\" is almost homicidal.  She sounds like a lunatic but never looses control vocally.  Crass is of course made for Sarastro.  If you've ever heard this singer you know what he's going to do.  He does it and it is just what the doctor ordered.  Weight, sonority, richness of tone, etc.  It's all there, don't worry about him!<BR>With Dieskau we get a real treat!  I thought he might overdo the role intellectually.  Not at all, Papageno is as simple as a child.  The innocence, charm and delight Dieskau pours in are breathtaking.  You will love this character as you never have before.  It is Wordsworth turned into music.  Lisa Otto is an admirable Papagena and the final scene between these two will have you laughing and weeping with joy.  Mozart believed in simple, domestic love and this was his final hymn to it. <BR>Lenz is a great Monostatos and he does better with the role than most vocally and dramatically.  All the minor roles are well done and often luxury cast (Hotter, King, Talvela) although it would have been nice to have three REAL boys.  The dialogue is cut (oh well!) but not too drastically.  Orchestra and chorus play and sing like angels.  Lovely case and good liner notes.  At this price you really can't go wrong.  Buy and enjoy for many, many years!  _
B0000640VO|5.0|Amelie is BEAUTIFUL!!<BR>It is joyously captivating and visually splendid. It absorbs you. Such a wondrous world and so many emotionally stimulating images. I was so happy at the end..I cried. The world did not seem so nasty and I did not feel as bitter, angry, frustrated or depressed at the world after seeing this film.<BR>It is the ultimate happiness maker....but done without a single grain of sugar! AMAZING. Pure and indulgent fantasy for grown ups. I Love Amelie...one of my all time favourites.
B00000JGHM|5.0|The crime film is not a new genre and it is not exactly lacking in quantity.  That makes the fact that this movie is towards the very top of the field even more significant.<br />There is easily enough to make this a good movie, especially a great story and fantastic shoot-em-up action.  What makes this movie move even higher is the duel of wits between Pacino's cop and DeNiro's thief.  These two men are pros with great respect for each other yet without the hesitation to foil the other.  This is a movie about smart people, and no one makes really stupid mistakes.  This means that success or failure is dependent on the nature of the characters and some traces of luck.<br />This is not a very emotional story and many scenes play out realistically, not dramatically.  In particular, the bank heist that forms the climactic moment of the story is coolly played out, with a minimum of situational music or strange cinematic effects.<br />Michael Mann has directed a number of movies, but this is, to me, his magnum opus.  For fans of crime films, this is a must-see.
B000063DIA|5.0|I am just writing before all the other people start talking about what a horrible album this is.  What is so horrible about it? Absolutely nothing. The production is great, you can hear every instrument just right.  There is someone else on guitar with dave, someone who is crazy on stage, and has a very mean guitar sound, it isnt adrian thats for sure. It is the most highly underrated guitarist probably to date, mr. jannick gers.  The song writing is powerful, really deep, and is based on alot of personal issues.<br />  If you think this album is not very good, then you shouldnt be a fan of killers, the # of the beast, piece of mind, and powerslave.  Because this is the exact same concept with those albums, only there is a different outstanding guitarist on ending of the golden years for maiden.  This is a simple album, it isnt a very complex one, yet it is filled with power driving riffs, and greatness.  Nicko's drums are unstoppable, bruce is very heavy, I can understand if some people do not like his singing in this, I dont think it sounds like there is acid in his throat, but is just very raw.<br />  Harris delivers his intense songwriting and bass playing as usual.  Every song on here is worthy to listen too, there are favorites but every song is enjoyable.  Last note, for all of those who are jannick haters, lets see if you can play the solos from tail gunner, holy smoke, run silent, run deep, and bring your daughter to the slaugher.  Just try to play these 4 solos, and you will see what im talking about.  I have been playing guitar for awhile now, and I know that gers is an awesome guitarist, and clicks with dave so sensationally.  Thats why they recruited this man, it should be obvious.  Anyway, im ready to see how unhelpful my vote is, ect. Just wanted to try and prove a point, hopefully at least 10 out of 100 people will see my review helpfull,and to the rest of you who dont, just try to play gers's riffs, and really listen to this album better.  Cause yes it is definitely up to the normal maiden standards. UP THE IRONS!!!it is definitely up to the normal maiden standards. UP THE IRONS!!!
B000060OFT|4.0|I guess I was just being a typical guy when I came up with the title for the review.  Ok, back to business.  I thought the film was unique.  The story of the tragedy (that's what the original play is) is presented to the audience as a news report about two star-crossed lovers that took their own lives in Verona (Verona Beach, that is).<br />I read Romeo and Juliet in high school (a long time ago).  (It was about time I refreshed my memory.)  This movie has all the essential plot elements of the play.  (How Romeo meets and falls in love with Juliet.  How they elope.  How Mercutio's death spurs Romeo into action by taking Tybalt's life.  How Romeo is exiled.  How Juliet is forced to marry Paris.  How the priest conceives of a plan to bring Romeo and Juliet together.  How that plan fails and they end up dying side-by-side.)  <br />It's made to look \\"cool\\", sorta like an MTV video.  Each scene is brightly lit and colorful.  Instead of daggers and swords, everyone carries a gun.  (I mean everyone.  They even have to check their guns at the door at various places.)  All the characters seem to have been given a 20th century equivalent role to play.  The apothecary is now a drug dealer.  The priest, well, he's still a priest.  The narrator is at times the news reporter and at times the police chief.  The Montagues and Capulets are big time businessmen.<br />To tell you the truth, most of the dialogue is spoken so fast that I didn't catch much of what they said.  DiCaprio and Danes play their parts well.  They even looked downright giddy when they first meet.  As for Romeo and Tybalt's gang, they were annoying.  I also couldn't get over the fact that Mercutio was in fact not played by Chris Rock!  It's some guy called Harol Perineau.  In one scene he dressed in drag and started singing.  I got a little weirded out.<br />All in all, it was a refreshing retelling of the Romeo and Juliet story.  I would recommend picking up a CliffNotes for those who've never read the play.  Knowing the full story and the important lines beforehand will increase your enjoyment of the film.<br />LEAP rating (each out of 5):<BR>============================<BR>L (Language) - 3 (mostly spoken too fast)<BR>E (Erotica) - 0.5 (don't expect anything like Shakespeare in Love)<BR>A (Action) - 1.5 (lots of pointless shooting)<BR>P (Plot) - 5 (it is Shakespeare's classic love story/tragedy after all)
B000060P79|5.0|I first heard of Simple Plan just earlier this year, but from the beginning it was obvious that these guys have tons of talent! The CD is absolutely amzing and although it is a look into everything a teen experiences, its not just for teens! This CD is great for anyone who likes music! Buy it and you can say you knew about this hot band before the majority of the people!!
B00003W8NM|5.0|this movie, fight club, has so much ability. it has the ability to make you shut up for 133 minutes and just sit back and take in this beautiful movie. it has the ability to make you do things that have just been in the back of your mind, you didn't know they were there. it is elite and that my friend is true.
0345440803|4.0|I enjoyed this almost as much as her first book. It is easy and fun to read. As with any baby instructional, take what you can use and leave the rest. Tracy's books are wonderful for first time parents who haven't a clue, and contains great common sense. And it aslo serves as a memory refresher for those of us who have been around babies all our life.
0792156684|3.0|The movie is great, but the DVD is lacking in extras.  There should be a lot more behind the scenes stuff.  Also, the menus are very plain and should be animated.
B000002BBY|5.0|(What's The Story) Morning Glory. Greatest album of the 90's, i have no shame is saying that. if only tracks 6 &amp; 11 (swamp songs) weren't on this album. would have been the greatest of all time and that my friend is true.
B000056K04|5.0|You people who don't appreciate this album aren't looking deep enough.  You're bleepin crazy when you say its a step back! It's a leap forward for the band!
0792156684|3.0|The movie is great, but the DVD is lacking in extras.  There should be a lot more behind the scenes stuff.  Also, the menus are very plain and should be animated.
B000002AP1|5.0|Guess what? Doesn't matter if they invented punk. They're the Stooges and they blow away any rock or punk band before or since.
B000001ESF|4.0|Even as a fan of Rush for almost 20 years, I still found &quot;2112&quot; a pleasant surprise to say the least. As a writer, I'm very inspired by intelligent lyricists such as Rush drummer Neil Peart. In fact, I almost feel a kinship with &quot;2112&quot; because it deals with one of my favorite themes: individuality. <BR>&quot;2112&quot; ranges from straightforward hard rock to dreamy balladry as it takes us on a whilrwind journey to a bleak future where a totalitarian society has &quot;taken care of everything/the words you read, the songs you sing.&quot; The fiery &quot;Overture&quot; samples pieces of the songs to follow, segueing into the hard-driving &quot;Temples of Syrinx.&quot; The &quot;2112&quot; suite tells the story of an oppressed protagonist who finds a guitar, which is dismissed as &quot;another toy that helped destroy the elder race of man&quot; by the priests of the Solar Federation. Discouraged, the protagonist kills himself, just before the founders of the previous world return to overthrow the priests. <BR>&quot;2112&quot; is a haunting epic rock opera in the best trdition of '70s rock. Telling the above story in only half the CD, it marked the beginning of a new era for one of Canada's most successful bands.<BR>&quot;Kilroy Was Here&quot; by Styx covered some of the same territory with reasonable success, but it doesn't hold a candle to Rush's sci-fi masterpiece. <BR>The second half of the CD contains the interesting &quot;A Passage to Bangkok&quot; and &quot;The Twilight Zone,&quot; the latter a tribute to one of my fave shows of the early '60s. Each of Rush's three musicians are among the most talented with their respective instruments, and live or on CD, they deliver the goods like few if any other bands.
B00005N9CV|5.0|This is my first exposure to Diana Krall.  She is a throwback to a better era when singers really had talent and music was a pleasure to close your eyes and listen to.  A wonderfully melodic soloist.  Superb!
0684833395|4.0|I found myself laughing more then I thought I would with this book.   Buy it becuase you want to see humor in a crazy situation.
0385503954|4.0|The first two parts of Atonement are brilliant.<br />Part One features an inside look at a somewhat benignly dysfunctional early 20th-Century upper-class British family. There are segments written from the point of view of virtually every family member, and McEwan manages to powerfully convey the lifestyle and attitudes of not just the Tallis family, but of a segment of English society that really resonated for me. With the exception of a couple of minor passages that are a bit overwraught, the writing is wonderfully efficient, with everything having a place and importance, but with an effective pacing that isn't hurried.<br />Part Two features the experiences of one of the main characters (Robbie) in France, 1940, during the Dunkirk evactuation. This experience is apparently based on the letters from actual participants, and it shows in a real authenticity that makes it hard to believe that the author really *wasn't* there. This section really is better than a lot of non-fiction writing on the war, and like the first section, really manages to capture a time, place, and a real person caught in it.<br />Part Three is where the novel starts to fray a bit at the edges. We get another wonderful descriptive bit with the main character, Briony, and her experience as a nurse in a wartime hospital. But, it also starts to reveal what I believe is the key weakness of the book, and that's in the characters. All the wonderful setup done in part one (and to a lesser degree part 2) starts to fail to pay off here, as the characters seem to have been cast by their experiences in the first part - their development seems to abrubtly stop there despite just entering the primes of their lives. There is a scene between Briony, Robbie, and Cecilia that feels especially contrived. As it turns out, perhaps this particular scene is *supposed* to feel contrived! But that leads us too...<br />The last part (only about 15 pages!) is the most intruiging and also, to me, the least successful. Because as it turns out, despite the quality of the writing in the first sections, Atonement is a gimmick book. There are significant signals as to the nature of the novel throughout the first 3 parts, but it's unlikely to be enough to reveal the truth to all but the most attentive of readers. I think most will clearly realize that it's a novel-within-a-novel (and McEwen does some really interesting things here, with the style of the different sections undergoing important changes as the novelist-within-the-novelist matures), but there is more, and it's that &quot;more&quot; that causes some problems in interpreting the book. As it turns out (trying here to be somewhat circumspect), the novel is not *about* Atonement, it *is* Atonement, and is really *about* the writer's craft. The details of this &quot;surprise ending that makes you rethink the entire book&quot; not only really didn't work for me, but actually caused me to devalue the novel as a whole and walk away somewhat unsatisfied. When Atonement was &quot;about&quot; the trauma of growing up as a girl in a repressive English household in a repressive society, or the struggle for survival in a war zone or sanity in a hospital treating the mass of war wounded, it had power for me. When it turned out to &quot;just&quot; be &quot;about&quot; an application of the writer's craft, it lost a great deal of its resonance (and it seemed to needlessly aggrandize the power of the writer, although I suppose this point is open to interpretation - perhaps this just reflects Briony's desparation). Anyway, there was just no emotional payoff on all of the really powerful events many of the characters experience, just a small intellectual one on the nature of writing, and not being a writer myself, all of a sudden the relevance of the book to me seemed to rapidly fade. Regardless of how good the first 300 pages were, it's the last few that leave the lasting impression.<br />This ending is somewhat unfortunate, because after a slightly slow start, the book is frequently very well-written and really did keep me engrossed through most of it. And the meta-nature of the novel within a novel is a very interesting premise that is well-executed until the very end.<br />So I do recommend this book for the brilliant work in the first two parts, and part of the third - they really are that good. And the novel-within-a-novel format is well-executed and interesting. It's just a shame that the payoff is an intellectual unravelling of threads and motivations and analysis of writing rather than somthing with real emotional power.
0140186409|5.0|This is the reason many people feel he is one of the best American authors of all time.  This book is fantastic, there are no other ways around it.  This is probably one of the best books he has put out in my opinion.  The story is really good and it is really engrossing.  The characters come to life and stay with you almost like old friends.  He is such a good author that he describes the environment with such skill that you see everything.  Once you start you will not want to stop.
B00003CXPJ|3.0|.<BR>.<br />Summary:<BR>Relies more on ridiculous stupidity humor; (5 stars if you like this)<BR>.<BR>not ridiculous situational humor normally found with Stiller. (2-3 stars if you like this)<br />The Script is ok, humor weak (compared to Stiller's usual), acting is ok (Stiller doesn't pull off being stupid well - honestly, I think he is too smart for that!).  <br />Others may well enjoy the humor, but I thought it was too basic.  So, whether you buy this and enjoy it, or not depends a lot on your assessment of what makes you laugh.<br />Story:<BR>Derek Zoolander (Stiller) is the world's greatest male supermodel who is as dumb as a stick (sorry to all the sticks out there who feel insulted).  Zoolander is targeted as the perfect stooge in an international plot, and at the same time finally loses the male model of the year award and realizes his limited career as a model.  The story goes on from there.<br />DVD Features:<BR>It has a lot of extra DVD features, butI didn't check.  I usually want to see the Director's Commentary, but I think I need a break first.
0140186395|4.0|This book is probably what Michner was reading when he started creating his books.  Steinbeck does this big drama like no one else can.   The story is really good, he keeps it moving and it is really engrossing.  The book is filled thoughout with plenty of interesting and complex characters.  He does a great job describing California.   This is not his best work but an all around great effort.
B00005RHGK|3.0|IF YOUR PUBLIC LIBRARY HAS IT, EVEN BETTER. NOT THE BEST HORROR FLICK EVER, OR THE WORST EITHER. SOME INTERESTING CONCEPTS IN THE PLOT, BUT THE MOVIE JUST KIND OF ENDED. WATCH FOR THE SEQUEL.
0140177396|5.0|Another one of those books that has been talked about by every critic out there so I probably can not add that much more.    I can say that I usually read more action or non fiction yet this book is and will be one of my favorites.   It is one of the very few books that stirred emotions in me.  It is a book that demands to read many times.
B00005AACC|5.0|You ever finish those movies and think back over the action:  By chance the explosion killed all the badguys and not the goodguy.  By chance the hundred badguys missed every shot and the goodguy hit every shot.  By chance the badguys stepped on all the mines and the goodguy never stepped on one.  <BR>By any chance you a little sick of that?!  In the real world maybe one thing happens by chance, maybe; but the rest of it the goodguy has to make up with skill or else the badguy wins.  Well in this movie that is exactly what happens.  The goodguy here is not lucky at all, but skilled in the highest degree of combat, survival, and military tactics of any hollywood warrior I've ever seen.  The only problem I had after finishing this move was the action was so good I would have liked to have seen it go on for the whole two hours!!
0684803356|2.0|I want to offer a little dissent here.   I thought the book to be a bit dull and slow.   I really labored to get through it and becuase of it completely turned me off to the rest of his work.   It could be that I spend too much time reading action fiction so I need a fast paced book to keep me interested.
B000002UAX|2.0|It's ironic that the album that would be titled 'The Beatles' would be the least together album of their career.The Lennon-McCartney songwriting partnership would be almost non-exsistant on this album, only actually writing two or three songs together, if that many. This album has Lennon, McCartney and Harrison basically taking turns in making the rest of the Beatles their 'backing band' on each of their respective songs.I personally feel that many of these songs could have been left in the garbage can, songs like \\"Honey pie\\", \\"Wild honey pie\\", \\"The continuing story of Bungelow Bill\\", \\"Obla-di obal-da\\" \\"Savory truffle\\" and \\"Good night\\" are all horrible, horrible songs.But, there are some real diamonds on this album too! \\"While my guitar gently weeps\\" is probably the album's standout track while \\"Blackbird\\" has a kinda \\"Yesterday\\" status without sounding like a knock-off of course. \\"Julia\\" and \\"Dear Prudence\\" are two of Lennon's best songs, and you just gotta love the album opener \\"Back in the U.S.S.R.\\" even if you don't like the Beach boys sound.The problem with this album is that it's filled more bad than good, and being a double album, that's A LOT of bad.
0671004107|4.0|The lead in was great.   Good details, very interesting suspenseful story.  I just thought the end was way too fast, almost if he said, enough of this - lets end it.    I am looking for the second half of the story.  The book was better then the movie.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|Now undestand that I am a HUGE Beatles fans, but, when I introduce a friend to the Beatles, songs like \\"Lady Madonna\\", \\"Love me do\\" and \\"Penny lane\\" DO NOT come to mind. In fact, I would hide these songs from my friends until they were convinced that the Beatles were in fact great. <BR>There are some gems on this album though, \\"Let it be\\", \\"Something\\" and \\"Eight days a week\\" are all great songs, but some of the Beatles best work were never released as singles, songs like \\"While my guitar gently weeps\\", \\"Here comes the sun\\", \\"Norwegian wood\\", and pretty much every song off of the 'Sgt Pepper's lonley hearts club band' album would be my first picks to show somebody who was a virgin to the Beatles.<BR>I do understand that these songs were all number one hits, and as far as the charts are concerned, these are the biggest hits (i.e. the best songs), but I disagree with that style of thinking.<BR>If you are someone who's interested in getting into the Beatles, look into buying either 'Sgt Pepper's lonley hearts club band' or 'Revolver', and avoid '1' at all costs.
0440219078|3.0|When I read the book The Giver at first I thought NOT EXCITING WHAT'S SO EVER. After we kept on reading it wasn't all that bad.The story of The Giver is set in a utopia. There is a 12 year old boy named Jonas who lives in a community where there is no fear, pain, sadness, no colour, no feeling. The children are born into a family with only 2 children. Each person in the community receives the responsibility of a job that they must complete. Overall I would recommend this book to People between the ages of 14 and up. Only if they are into this kind of book.
B00005QDW1|1.0|this cd was a big disappointment, it isnt anything like their old stuff. I couldn't even finish listening to the rest of the cd it was so bad. It sounds like bad 80's pop. do not get this cd if u liked their other cds. I like No Doubt a lot, but this cd is just embarrassing. One of the worst cds I own.
0060975768|5.0|Over a year ago my brother sent me this book with two words on the cover -&quot;must read&quot;. (He is 75 &amp; I am 79 and both veterans - luckily for us, Air Corps).  I sat down the day I received the book and read most of the night, pausing freqently to wipe away<BR>tears.  Mr. Galloway and Lt. Gen. Moore have honored their<BR>comrades in arms by telling this amazing story so graphically<BR>and yet so simply.  It IS a &quot;must read&quot; and I bought a copy for my own library.  I did write to Lt. Gen. Moore to express my<BR>thoughts and would like to have an address for Mr. Galloway;  by<BR>coincidence I saw his appearance at the Naval Institure on C Span<BR>last night.  It is my earnest hope that the scholarship fund is<BR>a success.  My utmost respect to Mr. Galloway and a sharp salute<BR>to Lt. Gen. Moore.  Bill Gossett -- Lincoln, Il. 62656
B000003TAB|4.0|One of the best rock n' roll bands ever. This one is a lot less known than NEVERMIND or IN UTERO but as a \\"b-sides\\" complilation it's probably still better than 99% of cd's released in the past year. Rock is dying and desperately needs a new band to hit the way these guy's did. Limp Bizkit, Linkin Park, Staind, etc. are just... poor imitators of everything that was 10 years ago (korn, rage, nin). Save your money on those new groups and invest in these guys. Tracks \\"dive\\", \\"molly's lips\\", and \\"aneurism\\" are f'n great.
0684833395|5.0|Heller's masterpiece; Catch-22 (Set in WW2 the story of a bombardier named Yossarian who thinks everyone wants to get him killed)  is so because of a multitude of reasons. The more literary aspects are known but what I found most endearing was the sheer class of humour he uses. From seemingly absurd sentences rises the glory of a dark dry humour. I was in splits throughout the book!<br />Read the book if you are dying to read something really great and really different. Also, read the book if your are feeling depressive. Its that good!<br />If you are in two minds I can suggest a sure fire way to resolve your doubt. Get your hands on and read any 2-3 page excerpt. If you don't fall in love don't buy it. But I must warn you that you would probably end up wishing to get your hands onto the book real fast!<br />The title itself is a mirror to whats inside. Catch-22 is now a standard idiom of the english language and refers to a situation in which whatever you do to get out of the fix gets you back into it.<br />Happy catching up...
6304082428|5.0|I saw the Mini-series on A&E, then read the book, then bought the VHS off of Amazon, then watched it again, and again. Six times to date! Am I a little pathetic? Just a little! I do have a life - really, but I am in love with the scenery, the clothes, the story, the actors cast to play the parts. I am telling you, you will not be disapointed in the quality of this production! After watching the movie, get the book, \\"The Making of Pride and Predudice\\" for an in depth look into how this masterpiece was accomplished. The movie is very faithful to Jane Austen's book and if you enjoy her books you MUST see this movie. It's worth the six hours it takes to spin this wonderful tale of love and romance.
B000000YG5|5.0|I have had the pleasure of hearing this trak in its entierty, I have never been more pleased with this recording Sonny Rollins holds to Traditional Jazz on this one. you Traditionalists go out and get this one.
6304082428|5.0|I saw the Mini-series on A&E, then read the book, then bought the VHS off of Amazon, then watched it again, and again. Six times to date! Am I a little pathetic? Just a little! I do have a life - really, but I am in love with the scenery, the clothes, the story, the actors cast to play the parts. I am telling you, you will not be disapointed in the quality of this production! After watching the movie, get the book, \\"The Making of Pride and Predudice\\" for an in depth look into how this masterpiece was accomplished. The movie is very faithful to Jane Austen's book and if you enjoy her books you MUST see this movie. It's worth the six hours it takes to spin this wonderful tale of love and romance.
B0000634EV|5.0|When Down released their first album &quot;nola&quot;, I thought it was decent but nothing that would merit a 5 star rating like I gave this album.<BR>This album had a dark sabbath meets robert johnson feel to it.<BR>Phil is actually using his voice to its full potential which has always frustrated me(even though I've been a pantera fan from the first albums).<BR>The guitar work is not as intricate as some of the stuff out there, but it will satisfy most guitar(music)enthusiasts.<BR>all in all It is probably on my list of top albums of all time.
B00005YTFG|5.0|\\"Moulin Rouge!\\" (2001)<br />You may have never liked musicals before. You may have always hated when the characters in a live action film burst into song. I personally always quite enjoyed a not-too-frequent good musical number in a movie, and I haven't seen a great musical film in quite some time. Moulin Rouge! completely restored my faith in modern musicals, and in all good movies for that matter. This is quite simply the best romantic tale ever told, and an amazing odyssey through a visionary director's mind that is not easily forgotten.<br />That director of course is Baz Luhrmann, who has directed such films as Strictly Ballroom in 1992 and Romeo + Juliet in 1996. With Rouge, Luhrmann uses more energy than in any of films. The sheer sense and atmosphere in Rouge is all thanks to a marvellous director who really knows his stuff. Luhrmann is very artistic with the big picture and uses nifty little technical marvels to make the movie even more heart-warming and colourful (an example is of several scenes where the moon smiles down on Christian and Satine while they are dancing to `Our Song').<br />The performances by an all-star cast in the film also provide to the greatness of the movie. Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman are Christian and Satine, lighting up the screen with their stunning performances. It seems like these 2 actors we're meant for each other, a sign of really getting into your character - these 2 deserve Oscars! And to boot, they both have incredible singing voices. Jim Broadbent is almost equally fantastic as the huge, moustache-twirling Moulin Rouge owner Harold Zidler, and Richard Roxburgh is powerful and engrossing as the Duke, who is also after Satine. John Leguizamo doesn't disappoint on the comic side of things at the beginning, but him and McGregor also have a very powerful dramatic moment near the end.<br />The sets for this movie are what really set it ablaze. From the giant elephant to a windmill of a nightclub, the film is tightly editedand decorated brilliantly to bring the millennium side-story to life. The visual effects are also very good, and very noticeable. You can't really tell their visual effects, but the wizards on this movie used plenty of techniques (exploding colours, mist on rooftops, a brilliant swoop over Paris) to make this look more daring, and more artistic.<br />Unfortunately this may come as a love-it-or-hate-it film to some. Possible reasons people might not like it is because they don't like musicals, they think it was overstylized or possibly even melodramatic. I really loved this movie as you already know. I have no negativity towards musicals, I loved the way the style of the movie was over-the-top and flashy, and the drama was not at all cheesy or corny, it won my heart by using natural scenes and lines.<BR>Keep an open mind with Rouge and you'll be fine.<br />Overall, this is my best film of 2001, an overwhelming, sexy, daring, highly anticipated, brilliantly made, with kinetic energy and incredible musical numbers (Come What May is the best film song for the new decade!). I couldn't take my eyes off this movie, and it is one of my personal all-time greats. I might've not said much about this film to make you believe that, but trust me, this is an almost indescribable film, and no amount of adjectives than really sum up how much I loved the movie. See it now! <br />MY GRADE: A+<br />NOTE: If you buy the special-edition VHS you get a great making-of featurette with interviews with the cast and a couple of deleted scenes. It's worth the couple more dollars, trust me!
B00005R87Q|2.0|i like to watch the fast and the furious. i've watch it eight times
B00003CXXO|2.0|\\"A.I. Artificial Intelligence\\" (2001)<br />I think we all know that carrying on Stanley Kubrick's dream idea is going to be a challenge.... Fortunately Speilberg pulls off a great directing job, but I just get the feeling that Kubrick would not be very happy with this movie.<br />Lets start with the bad things. The whole script and story is like \\"Pinocchio 2: And No, It's Not By Disney! It's by Steven Speilberg! ...Let's see why, shall we? Haley Joel Osment plays a robot that wants to be a real boy! There is actually a blue fairy in this film. I actually heard a few people sighing every time Haley muttered \\"I wish I was a real boy.\\" Steven, we've seen this story don't before, and much better!<br />... The Flesh Fair was so incredibly ...[stupid] that I found myself having to grab onto the chair without rolling into the aisles with laughter. Rouge City, meant to be like a robot's version of Las Vegas, is really horrid to look at. The people and things Gigolo Joe (Jude Law) and David (Osment) encounter in this nicely designed but blindly bright and entirely unbelievable are really just dumb. Especially that professor that pops out of a computer. Does the script actually try to be this stupid?<br />The thing that most audiences have complained about with A.I. Artificial Intelligence is the ending. I couldn't agree more with those who walked out with frustrated looks on their face. The whole concept of the ending is empty and dumb, I found it very hard to take seriously. The movie finishes on a very anti-climatic note and I couldn't thought up 20 better places where the movie could've finished. <br />Luckily, there are some good points that save A.I. Artificial Intelligence from being completely and utterly disastrous. The acting is spectacular. Haley Joel Osment is actually better in this movie than he was in The Sixth Sense. He deserves a Best Actor trophy this year. Frances O'Connor, who grows on me more with each movie, gives a career-best as the confused and bewildered mother. O'Connor is amazing subtle and sympathetic in this movie and all the great parts of the movie have her in it. I was disappointed with Jude Law's performance. Although he was a very good robot, his character was boring and his performance didn't provide any real screen presence or interest.<br />The visuals and makeup in this movie are better than any robot movie I have ever seen. Rogue City does look terribly stupid and that is where the visuals go wrong, but throughout the rest of the movie the effects were quite stunning. The makeup on the robots was very original and detailed....  As much as I really wanted to like A.I. Artificial Intelligence, to me it came off as one of the stupidest films of the year, with some sequences that just make you think - \\"Mr. Kubrick, Sir...was this really your idea?\\"<br />MY GRADE: C-
0380002930|5.0|This is a marvelous, delightful, intelligent, suspenseful and utterly engaging story with a perspective unlike any other. This novel is written with extraordinary character development, remarkable emotional depth and page-turning excitement. <br />Unlike some other imaginative fiction with non-human characters (Lord of the Rings comes to mind) that is best read while in high school, this novel works best for college-age students capable of appreciating the richness of the prose, and it works equally well for older adults (unlike perhaps LOTR). <br />I read this book when I was 23. I'm now 49, and this book remains on my Top Five fiction list.
B000056V73|5.0|&quot;Almost Famous&quot; (2000)<br />You may not know it, but Cameron Crowe - Almost Famous's director - is in love with music. Almost Famous is based on his experience with Led Zeppelin back in the 1970's, and it is a startling and amazing film that intrigued me with its developed characters and viewpoints of live in its set decade.<br />Cameron Crowe is really getting on my good side. I loved Jerry Maguire, and thought it was one of the best films of 1996. Almost Famous is very different to Jerry Maguire, and I am thoroughly enjoying the way Crowe is changing his styles. He's done teen movies, romantic comedies and now Almost Famous is his tribute to music, that has a bit of everything - drama, funny and comical scenes and a mysterious romance. Crowe comes off as a natural in his directing department and his writing skills are even better. Crowe also wrote the film, and he shows true talent for bringing his stories to the screen.<br />The acting in the movie is outstanding. It is headlined by a marvellous cast, including Billy Crudup, Kate Hudson, Jason Lee, Frances McDormand, Anna Paquin, Fairuza Balk and newcomer Patrick Fugit. Crudup and Lee are horribly underrated as actors. They gives a very realistic performance of band members struggling on the hard side of rock `n roll and still managing to party on and have a good time. McDormand is now one of my favourite actresses. She just has amazing on-screen presence. Fargo won her Oscar, this one gave her a nomination and in Wonder Boys her underwritten performance was very enjoyable. I strongly recommend seeing how this woman works. Fugit, the newcomer of the actors, is very human and sweet, however hard his character tries to be \\"the enemy\\", Fugit comes off as just a cutie on the edge of stardom. Hudson will be huge! Also starring in Gossip in 2000, Hudson pulls off a performance like no other actress this year. Her character is mischievous and mysterious, and Hudson is truly a perfectionist in her role. I couldn't imagine seeing anyone play Penny Lane better. Balk and Paquin are pretty much there just to look at, but they have some good scenes, especially Balk, who has a hilarious telephone conversation with William's (Fugit) mother. \\"Is this Mary-Anne with the pot?\\"<br />The chemistry between Fugit and Hudson is very believable. These two don't come across as 2 people who are meant to be together or anything on the outside, because one is a rock `n roll groupie and the other is a 15 year-old journalist, but because the script really allows you to go deep in Penny and William's souls, you see really these 2 would be hopeless lovers in real life. I'd love to see them do more work together.<br />The Oscar nominated editing in the film is also a highpoint. The sequences in which the band perform use many techniques and extras to bring the concerts off as believable and exciting. The editing was used particularly in these scenes, but there are also little things you might notice too.<br />To fully appreciate Almost Famous you have to at least like music a little, and I like music a lot. This movie worked for me on many levels, it had the power to engage me, I had lots of people to care about, and overall I just had a heck of a fun time. Cameron Crowe - welcome to fully official stardom.<br />MY GRADE: A+
0192833588|3.0|This book was hard to get into. Austen takes the story of two sisters, one quick to emotion and the other reasonable nearly to a fault and puts them in a similar situation of unreturned fancy. In the right hands this could be an interesting story and you would think Austen would make it so. Unfortunately not, her story is dull and I kept waiting for something to happen. There was no biting irony or under the surface commentary. This being Jane Austen's first novel explains some of it. You see a few glimpses of her use of language and irony but not enough to carry this book. I give this a C-.
B00003CXE6|5.0|\\"Gladiator\\" (2000)<br />What more could you ask of Gladiator? It's crowd-pleasing, entertaining, its got Russell Crowe, CGI tigers, swords, lots and lots of action and a suitable running time for a battle epic. I enjoyed Gladiator even since it came out. I thought it was clever and enthralling entertainment that kept me captivated with its ferocious and heartfelt story.<br />On the subject of the story, Gladiator really does have a lot going for it. It may not look a lot on the outside, but look for Gladiator's interior and you will see there is actually quite a lot going on the film. The big picture of course is the story about ol' Maximus (Crowe) becoming a gladiator and defying an empire. However the movie also has some excellent sub-plots which bring across the messages of family love, revenge, jealousy, history, friendship, death, war and terrific conquests. I was constantly surprised at how much I was learning from Gladiator, even if it did have some historical inaccuracies.<br />To bring to life all these stories we needed a great director, someone who used his/her vision to bring such a highly anticipated cinema event to life. Thank God for Ridley Scott. Scott puts all his heart and soul into the film and it finally emerges as one of his most enjoyable and entertaining and overall best achievements to date. Scott uses every ounce of his filmmaking passion and incredibly he makes this movie look, feel and seem every inch like a gladiators stadium.<br />Scott's cast also does extremely well in delivering the goods. Heading, of course, is New Zealand's own Russell Crowe, who has never faulted yet. Crowe brings such a manly, strong and enjoyable hero to watch you literally have to choke back the urge to cheer for his character. Joaquin Phoenix is the villain in the film, he brings an eerie screen presence, and he is finally matching up to the standards of his late brother, River. Connie Neilsen is the main lady in the film, and struts through the movie with a great elegance. Neilsen carries herself excellently, and she proves that she can do better than just an extended cameo (The Devil's Advocate). Oliver Reed is also particularly enjoyable, as is Amistad's Djimoun Hounson, and Richard Harris is perfect in the very small but largely important role of Marcus Aurelius.<br />The movie looks great, too. The battle scenes are gory and the incredible sound techniques used in them are eye widening. The costumes are beautiful and have a lot of range, Janty Yates did do a good job, but the armour and most of the costume designs weren't actually made in the times when this film is set. Never mind, they look good and suit the cast, and at the end of the day that's what matters. The CGI and effects are like nothing you'll probably see throughout 2000 - you cannot even tell these are special effects. I almost thought that Scott had got his team to build a coliseum and make Russell Crowe fight real tigers. Stunning!<br />The length and pace of the film suited me fine. Even though it is over 2 hours, Gladiator actually never really bored me or had me uninterested, so I was fine with the couple of hours well spent in the cinema.<br />I really liked the way the movie begun and ended. The beginning really proves a man's hand gliding across grass can lead to a lot of different points in a film, and the ending almost had me in tears. This movie is very well done and never goes over the boat with cheesiness. I guess that's exactly why I felt so much for the characters and never found myself sighing or rolling my eyes when the dramatic scenes were on.<br />Gladiator is a film you'll love or hate. I loved it a lot, it's a movie that has the power to entertain you with action, stun you with thrills, take your breath away with some amazing atmospheric special effect places, and definitely make you feel a lot for the people in the movie. I highly recommend this to not only action gurus and Russell Crowe fans, but I think everyone will find something they like in Gladiator.<br />MY GRADE: A
B000060P79|5.0|This CD is totally one of the greatest that I've ever heard. It's right up there with Good Charlotte's debut, in my opinion.  I love the last 3 songs 'cause I feel like they describe me and I really love I'd Do Anything & You Don't Mean Anything. It's so good, oh my god. ...
B000000I0Q|4.0|Steve Hackett expressed the need at the time of this album (1975), and even when he left Genesis, to have more of his musical ideas incorporated into the group work.  Failing to wrest the musical mantle from keyboardist Tony Banks (at least that's my opinion; note that Phil Collins and Mike Rutherford show up on this album but not Tony), the answer: a solo album!  The hallmark of this album - and successive releases - is the tension between the quietly pastoral songs (e.g.,Hands of the Priestess) and the electrically-charged, sometimes metal-driven tunes (e.g., A Tower Struck Down), and even tension within individual songs (e.g., Star of Sirius).  One of Hackett's strengths is that, as impressive and idiosyncratic as his fretwork is, he never lets it interfere with the lyricism of his compositions. Whether riffing or coming up with sound effects off his electric, or demonstrating his facility on the nylon six-string, Hackett shows taste and restraint within the prog rock tradition.  Yes, Hackett had too many musical ideas that couldn't be placed on a Genesis album, but lucky for us that we have albums with them - we are the richer for it.  His next album (Please Don't Touch) builds upon what is contained here.  One of the most underappreciated guitarists in rock.
B00003CXSP|3.0|After 15 re-writes of &quot;Hannibal&quot; by writers David Mamet and Steven Zaillian, actress Jodie Foster and director Jonathan Demme dropped out because they didn't think it was good enough. With the loss of two &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; principals, it was difficult to replace them. Eventually, MGM/Universal hired Julianne Moore to replace Foster as Clarice, and Ridley Scott to direct the film. Two veterans, indeed, but the end equation equals nothing close to &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;. Thankfully, Anthony Hopkins continues his ability to scare us, no matter what age, as Hannibal Lecter. Gary Oldman (uncredited), who returns as Mason Verger, wanted top billing along with Hopkins and Moore, withdrew his credit altogether. &quot;Hannibal&quot; fails to really suspense you. Now true, there's gore, but it's right in front of you, without suspense. You don't know it's coming until *boom* there's a guy being hung with his intestines spilled all over the street. At least with &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; you know that it was coming. Julianne Moore tries too hard to accomplish the Oscar-winning performance of Jodie Foster, and Clarice's character suffers for it. Ray Liotta is added to the mix, and is part of one of the most gory (and funny) scenes in the movie. Ridley Scott adds his dry and cut directing ability to the film, but more is needed from that aspect. The only actor that shows his stuff is Hopkins, who shows everyone that he can still surprise you. With a great supporting cast and beautiful settings, the only thing that hinders &quot;Hannibal&quot; from being in the league of &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; is the plot.
B00005JKJA|5.0|After the third time seeing this film I have still have'nt figured it out.  Why?  It's not supposed to be 'firgured out' it is a movie to be experienced.  Lynch's way of filmmaking is to give his audience something they have never felt before or seen before.  Mulholland drive works this way because unlike his other films the characters are generally likeable and the story is of course followable until the end.  I believe that this could've been a great TV show and I think it's agreat a film.  Buy it.
B000055ZB8|2.0|Some body told me that I should see this movie because its supposed to br the first Dracula movie and I like vampire movies alot. But this movie is'nt even about Dracula as far as I can tell!  For one thing his name is'nt even Dracula its Count Nofsreatu! And he does'nt even wear a cape! And this movie is way too old IMHO. Its like the acters don't even know how to act! Its not evey scarey! Do yourself a faver and watch one of the Newer Dracula movies like Lost Boys or Blade 2. Those movies have lots of aciton and blood that Nofsreatu does'nt have (and their in color, I might add). If you wan't to go to sleep watch this movie! Ill give it 2 stars because theres a vampire in it. Bwa ha ha!
B000005C1B|5.0|After seeing the video of this one-time performance, it was clear there were no egos on this stage.  All the performers were there to support brother-rocker, Roy Orbison.  While listening to the CD over and over, the magic can be relived always!  Roy may be gone, but the tributes paid to him by his fellow musicians can be felt in this great jam session!  It's a great top-down, wind in the hair CD!
0790729393|4.0|SLEEPERS    (USA - 1996)    Aspect ratio: 2.39:1 (Super 35)  Theatrical soundtracks: Dolby Digital / DTS / SDDS    By virtue of its all-star cast, handsome production values and solemn subject matter, Barry Levinson's SLEEPERS was clearly intended as a Major Motion Picture from the outset. Based on the harrowing true-life bestseller by journalist Lorenzo Carcaterra - first published in 1995 - book and film describe the appalling fate of four Hell's Kitchen kids (played as children by Joe Perrino, Brad Renfro, Geoffrey Wigdor and Jonathan Tucker) who, in 1967, were sentenced to confinement in the 'Wilkinson Home for Boys' following a near-fatal accident involving a hot dog vending machine which they had stolen as a prank. Inside the reformatory, all four boys are sexually and emotionally abused by a group of sadistic guards led by the sinister Nokes (Kevin Bacon at his slimiest). More than a decade later, traumatized by their experiences, two of the now grown-up boys (Ron Eldard and Billy Crudup) corner Nokes unexpectedly in a local diner and murder him in cold blood. The other members of the group - one a prosecuting attorney (Brad Pitt), the other an aspiring writer and journalist (Jason Patric) - formulate a daring plan to have their friends acquitted, expiose the reformatory's dark secrets, and take revenge on their abusers...    Such an extraordinary tale was always going to be controversial, and so it proved. Upon release, book and film drew immediate fire from critics who accused author and filmmakers of embellishment and exaggeration, since no records could be found to prove that the trial depicted in the film ever took place within the Manhattan district, or that the Wilkinson Home for Boys ever existed - even though Carcaterra's book (and Levinson's script) makes it clear that most of the names, dates and locations have been changed or fictionalized to protect those involved, and that the records of all children held in institutions like Wilkinson are routinely deleted after seven years. Further scandal ensued when the movie ignited protests from those who believed the story drew unfortunate parallels between pedophilia and homosexuality, thereby reinforcing the worst kind of homophobic stereotype. The point is certainly valid, given Hollywood's shameful mistreatment of gay themes and characters over the years, but SLEEPERS doesn't seek to draw any kind of parallels, unconsciously or otherwise, merely to recreate events described in Carcaterra's book. Besides, monsters are monsters, whoever their victims may be.    As a movie, SLEEPERS is competent, briskly paced, and beautifully acted by a dream cast of old pro's (including Robert De Niro and Dustin Hoffman in key roles) and a new generation of rising stars. It's an ensemble piece, and the lack of grandstanding - in favor of narrative momentum - is admirable. But while the film is consistently intelligent and engaging, it's drawbacks are significant: The kids are terrific, especially Perrino, but the adults are burdened by the gravity of the subject matter, and Patric's sombre narration seems a little too laidback at times, lacking warmth or even genuine emotion, while John Williams' rambling score clashes resolutely with the film's epic visual sweep. Also, for obvious reasons, the moviemakers were unable to depict the kind of sexual atrocities outlined in the original book, with unfortunate consequences: Here, Nokes' murder seems more like the result of a petulant outburst by a couple of thugs, rather than the inevitable outcome of horrendous physical abuse. And during the subsequent trial, it defies belief that the prosecution's key witness - a former guard at Wilkinson - would incriminate himself so readily on the stand, as depicted here. That said, however, the movie is still a worthwhile entry, but the book is better.
0525946284|5.0|JACKDAWS is a good read, especially for those who are sick of &quot;manly men&quot; getting things done. This time the women have a hand in things and that makes this an interesting book. There weren't a lot of surprises, but the plot moves right along and there is plenty of action. This is not a &quot;chick book,&quot; even though women play a large role.
B00005A1PR|5.0|i will be honest and say that i hadn't heard &quot;video&quot; until the grammy awards, but that performance was the highlight of the two hours that i could stand to watch.  i bought &quot;acoustic soul&quot; a few days later and fell in love with its sensual sound.  &quot;video&quot; is the pop-iest of the songs, but &quot;nature&quot; and &quot;strength, courage, and wisdom&quot; are just as catchy.  &quot;acoustic soul&quot; is a great cohesive album, and india.arie doesn't hide her songs behind over-the-top vocals, but really lets the lyrics and melodies shine through.  her sound isn't unpolished, but she doesn't sound overproduced.  if you like tracy chapman, the indigo girls, or stevie wonder, this album will probably appeal to you.
6303965415|5.0|I cannot but watch this film over and over and be forever entertained. The true spirit of Jane Austen's novel has been captured in this wonderful period piece. One has to but laugh at some the foibles of the human character, as well as shake one's head at the class structure and resulting prejudice that creates such stress, misunderstanding. causing the separation of two soulmates. But gladly, in this film, true love wins all.
B000002MP2|5.0|I think you should agree with me when I say that 'Dookie' is THE best album Green Day have ever done. 'Nimrod' was good, sure, but it didn't have such awesome songs as 'When I Come Around' and 'Basket Case'.<BR>It kicks off with 'Burnout', and explosive with awesome guitar riffs and drum beats.<BR>'Having A Blast', the second song isn't as catchy as the rest, but it still delivers a loud punk melody.<BR>'Chump' is another song that is good, but doesn't really stick in your brain, playing endlessly over and over.<BR>'Longview' is something totally different. It's catchy, the lyrics are strong and well-written, and the instruments are used well, especially in the whole main beat during the verses which uses the floor and medium tom drums.<BR>'Welcome To Paradise' to me has always been known as 'The song after Longview', but when you really concentrate on it, it shows that this song is not to be passed up as 'Boring'. It displays contagiously catchy lyrics with strong guitar riffs.<BR>As I can't detail every song, I'm just gonna pick out the best ones in my opinion.<BR>'Basket Case' is usually the only Green Day song that everyday people have heard of. It's immensely catchy and the drumming on this track is... let's face it, AMAZING. The lyrics don't really make sense, but when you consider it's a song about a crazy person, you'll understand what Billie Joe's on about.<BR>'When I Come Around' is personally one of my favourite songs ever written. It might not be a ballard, but it shows all the properties to be a anthemic melody.<BR>'Emenius Sleepus' is a steady punk song with simple drum beats(I'm not saying they're easy--I play the drums and they're hard!!!) and good guitar chords.<BR>Overall, 'Dookie' is the best Green Day album ever and it deserves to be listened to by punk and rock lovers alike.<BR>I gave it 5 stars for these reasons alone.
6305041156|5.0|After watching Akira Kurosawa's adaptation of Shakespeare's \\"King Lear,\\" I was reminded of a quote of his I once heard. Someone had apparently asked him what one of his films meant, and to this he simply replied that he did not know, and that if he knew, he would not have had to make the film.    For \\"Ran,\\" it is interesting how Lord Hidetora's struggle in the film mirrors Akira Kurosawa's own life.  Not as appreciated in his own country as he was earlier in his career, Kurosawa had trouble getting funding for his films during the latter part of his life. Compounded with this was the fact that he was slowly growing blind, and had tried to commit suicide but failed.  Lord Hidetora in the film, after dividing up his kingdom to his sons, faces a violent backlash when his sons try to cease power, causing him to try and commit suicide, but failing, and eventually going insane.  Great directors imbue their films with their own thoughts, passions, and emotions, and \\"Ran\\" is nothing short of a brilliant summation of a Master filmmaker.    Ten years in pre-production profferred a film of unbridled scope and vision.  Everything from costumes to production design to music were meticulously planned, bringing about one of the most amazing films I have ever seen.  Kurosawa always had a way of engraining his films with latent humanism, and in \\"Ran,\\" every shot, every color, every symbol, every line, every action, is imbued with meaning and conviction.  The pacing is slow and methodical, almost meditative.  The camera rarely jumps in for close ups, as is the case with many Hollywood films, but instead sits back, as if it is observing from a god-like point of view.  There are moments in the film that are breath taking for its beauty, its violence, and its emotional resonance.  It is a film so alive, that only a man near the end of his life would be able to make.    The DVD transfer does not even come close to doing this film justice, but it is great film and needs to be seen regardless.  \\"Ran\\" is a triumph of filmmaking, and an example of how great films always stay with you.
B00005A1PR|3.0|Don't get me wrong, I like this cd, I do. I want to LOVE this cd. I LOVE the song video...but the rest just doesn't appeal to me. I am just a young teen, so maybe its my age. I think she has tremendous talent as a singer/songwriter/gutairist...but I think a lot of the songs are to slow, or something like that. They don't grab me. I WOULD recommend this cd to some people, even though it isn't for me.
0446677450|2.0|As with other and better written negative reviews, I thought the advice was childish and obvious.  The only reason I did not give it 1 star was that sometimes the simple solution (ie. buy assets and not liabilities) is lost in the forest and is worth pointing out.  Do I need to read how his real father was such a financial idiot and how he copied the behavior of his friends dad so that he could write books stroking himself and justifying his souless existance?  Probably not.  There are far better financial books out there.
B00005RY7X|4.0|This is a just a great album--what a fantastic break from all the melodrama out there today.  ... if Richard Wagner and Anthrax had given birth to a kid who hung out with early, ska-core Mighty Mighty Bosstones and tried to imitate Bobcat Goldthwait as a youngster, we'd have gotten an album close to this. It is a blast of good-natured fun which admittedly consists of the same ... song repeated about ten or eleven times.  <BR>I got it today and have had a stupid grin on my face for hours.  This is a formidable kick ... that will knock you out out of whatever angst-ridden tree branch by which you happen to be hanging.  Happy listening, and don't be embarrassed.  It really is good stuff.
B00004Z4SD|4.0|American Beauty came out the same year as this movie and was nominated at the Oscars like this movie.  However, of the two, I preferred this one for its look at people who are not jaded, cynical, crazy or mean and evil.  The back story of Richard Farnsworth dying by suicide shortly after the Oscars makes his performance all the more poignant.  Mr. Farnsworth is a long time actor with a long movie career and his character is an old man with one final score to settle.  He doesn't use a gun or treachery to settle it, just old-fashioned forgiveness.  For those who think it's a little crazy for someone to ride hundreds of miles in all kinds of weather on a lawn mower doesn't know seniors.  Seniors often have lived so much life that they want to do things on their own terms.  Some want to make their last peace before their demise.<br />This movie is slow paced. It's funny but not laugh out loud funny (ex. the scene with the road kill deer).  It has moments of tenderness, near tradegy, humor, redemption.  It's a good movie to see with the family, especially after a knock-out, drag out fight between a teen and a parent, spouses, parent and adult children or, like in this movie, with siblings.  I recommend this movie to see around the holidays instead of \\"Home for the Holidays\\" (which wasn't a bad movie, just one I'd recommend for people with non-dsyfunctional families!) so that families can bury the hatchet and appreciate each other.  This coming from someone has estranged siblings too!  <br />My husband thought Sissy Spacek's performance was the strongest in the movie and her performances always are. However, I was totally enamored of Mr. Farnsworth who also played in Anne of Green Gables. I guess it's because there are so few good parts for people over 60 and it's also good to see actors who are like Michael Jordan have long careers and go out at the top of their game!
B000002GF8|4.0|Synchronicity, The Police's final studio album, is an interesting combination of some of the group's best radio material and other songs that represented somewhat of a shift in their musical style.  The latter are eclectic in influences, thus different sounding, sort of eccentric and sometimes eerie, while retaining the group's characteristic sophistication.  Most distinct is the harsh \\"Mother,\\" not the album's finest moment.  The other new-style songs are interesting and decent.  But it is the album's hard-driving title cut and the big pop hits that are the highlights.<br />Unlike the case with some other groups, The Police's made-for-radio hits are typically among their best material, and there are three gems here.  So, even tho I am repelled by Sting's describing himself as \\"The King of Pain\\" (over everyone else?), I can sit back and enjoy the nice melody.  \\"Every Breath You Take\\" is less complex than most Police songs, but is an excellent radio classic that is so smooth and relaxing (in spite of Sting's mild cadences in the chorus) that one thinks it would probably score superior to a biofeedback machine if tested.  \\"Wrapped Around Your Finger\\" is in a similar vein, if slightly second best.  Not quite as familiar but also top notch is the lovely \\"Tea in the Sahara,\\" a beautiful ballad with sensuous background.
0385505833|1.0|A weak attempt first to attack the mindless Christmas hustle of Suburban America, then to pretend it's really wonderful because it might magically bring out the best in your neighbors. Never mind that they've tried so hard to torment you the rest of the time.<br />The only hope for redemption for this book is that Grisham was making light of Yuppie suburbanites' pathetic inability to say no to spending money on anyone or anything, especially at Christmas, and for already spoiled children. If so, he does a lousy job by pretending they redeem themselves in a preposterously improbable ending.<br />When reading this, you will say \\"now, nobody would ever be that stupid\\" about a hundred times. Because nobody is, and if they are, you sure don't want to read about them, even if it is only a measly 170 pages.<br />As such, this reads much like a 9th grade essay on what's bad about Christmas written by a kid who figures out at the end he'd better hedge his bets and say something good or he might not get anything from Santa.<br />Grisham should go back to writing the same legal drama over and over and over again, and leave Dickens alone.
B000002UAC|4.0|The Beatles own early compositions, with their rhytmic and melodic strength, contrast with a number of good covers.  Chuck Berry's \\"Roll over Beethoven\\" became one of the Beatles' trademarks, with George's spirited singing and lead guitar riffs, as well as fitting lyrics in a time when James Bond was saying you have to listen to The Beatles with earmuffs.  (Check out heavy metal, James.)  But most notably, this album contains the beautiful \\"All My Loving,\\" Paul's outburst of romantic joy, perhaps the Fab Four's best song ever.  Songs such as \\"It Won't Be Long\\" and \\"Little Child\\" are emblematic of the group's early lively rock sound, with romantic overtones.  The most hard-driving number is Paul's \\"Hold Me Tight,\\" but Paul shows his soft, sentimental side with his cover of \\"Till There Was You.\\"  The Beatles also perform good versions of the old rock standard \\"Money\\" and the Marvelettes \\"Please Mr. Postman.\\"  But soon they were all going to be performing covers of the Beatles songs, as the Rolling Stones did with one of the Beatles good rockers here, \\"I Wanna Be You Man.\\"
B00005QIPH|3.0|The strokes make a genuine effort to find that sound, create some angst, and look good doing it. The Strokes lead singer does a very good Iggy, I love that disintrested sick of it all thing he's got going. But there is too much of the same sameness in the record, and some of the songs are too long. I'll put this one away soon, if you wanna rock out to a non vintage rock band, listen to the White Stripes.
B000055ZB8|3.0|The movie is quite frigthening in some scenes, and it shows the great talent of murnau and max shreck himself, i bought this dvd recently and i enjoyed it, because everytime i play the movie it i find something new, and gives that eerie feeling of the movie not being actually a movie but something else.<br />The image is ok, for a 1920's film i cant ask for something better, the audio department mostly... sadly, the new audio essay performed by the silent orchestra has to much rythim for the movie and makes it a bothersome most of the times its like hearing to a fairy tale story, i was dissapointed with the new audio essay because it appears that its going sound really great(mainly on the main menu) but i expected a really creepy music to accent the movie but i found most of the time a dumb cheesy interpretation, it has also the original organ soundtrack, but it sounds different from the one that i recalled, besides it sounds repetitive and sometimes boring.<br />The add ons where great though, it has a good audio commentary, and several images and comments about the making of the film and the locations where it was filmed.<br />this is one of my favorite movies and the dvd has many good features but its preffer to watch it mute and playing a good instrumental cd orchestration like bach.
B00000K3D4|5.0|I'll admit it- when I was 9 and I first saw the skinny red Fireys take off their heads and throw them into the air, I was frightened. Now, at 23, that scene still freaks me out. That said, I love this movie. I still think of David Bowie as \\"the guy from Labyrinth\\". This movie is fantasy at its best. What older sibling hasn't wished that their younger brother or sister would be taken away by a handsome Goblin king to a far off fantasy land? While I certainly do not think that the performance Jennifer Connelly (Sarah) gives in this movie is of \\"A Beautiful Mind\\" caliber, it still works. The cast of supporting (mostly puppet) characters is absolutely superb. Who could forget Hoggle the loveable misfit goblin, Ludo the gentle beast, Sir Didymus the brave or (my personal favorite) Ambrosias the cowardly \\"horse\\"?  This movie fully deserves the \\"cult\\" following it has earned over the years.
B000055ZB8|3.0|The movie is quite frigthening in some scenes, and it shows the great talent of murnau and max shreck himself, i bought this dvd recently and i enjoyed it, because everytime i play the movie it i find something new, and gives that eerie feeling of the movie not being actually a movie but something else.<br />The image is ok, for a 1920's film i cant ask for something better, the audio department mostly ... sadly, the new audio essay performed by the silent orchestra has to much rythim for the movie and makes it a bothersome most of the times its like hearing to a fairy tale story, i was dissapointed with the new audio essay because it appears that its going sound really great(mainly on the main menu) but i expected a really creepy music to accent the movie but i found most of the time a dumb cheesy interpretation, it has also the original organ soundtrack, but it sounds different from the one that i recalled, besides it sounds repetitive and sometimes boring.<br />The add ons where great though, it has a good audio commentary, and several images and comments about the making of the film and the locations where it was filmed.<br />this is one of my favorite movies and the dvd has many good features but its preffer to watch it mute and playing a good instrumental cd orchestration like bach.
B00005RYL9|5.0|This movie is great.... it has a good story and the action scenes are awesome. I like all movies with Christopher Lambert and this is one of the best.
B00005JKJA|5.0|I watched this DVD twice over the the past weekend on our fairly sophisticated home theater system.<br />And while other reviewers will try and sort out the movie's plot for you, I will limit my comments to a few points about the the film's transfer to DVD.  (BTW, I really dug the movie and still haven't figured it out, unlike Memento or Vanilla Sky.)<br />For starters, this bad boy has no chapter marks!!!!  Which means you have to fast foward or rewind (how VHS) if you want to see selected parts of the film.  Perhaps Lynch and the folks who produced the DVD wanted to force the viewer to watch the film in toto, as opposed to just the incredibly sexy girl-girl scenes.  I'm no stranger to adult movies, and this \\"regular\\" movie was HOT.  Naomi Watts in particular lights up the screen.<br />Another point about the DVD...amazing sound.  Especially in the Silencio theater/nightclub/performance art scene.  The chanteuse who sings a Spanish version of Roy Orbison's \\"Crying\\" sounded stunning in our living room...with no discernable output from the rear channels, as far as I could tell.<br />Even if you're not a big Lynch fan, a worthy addition to any library.
B000001I0K|5.0|This has got to be the coolest Cramps disc 'cause it is so slow and deranged! Psychedelic Jungle spreads the rockabilly and garage virus with a simmering batch of weirded-out covers and original songs while Gravest Hits cooks yo' brain with late-night T.V. radiation. How can you go wrong with tunes about \\" Goo-Goo Mucks\\" and a \\" Human Fly\\"? UUUUHHHHHGGGGG!
B00005YW4H|4.0|This is a very enjoyable, easy-listening CD.  I like it a lot.<BR> ... I [feel like] she sounds like Macy Gray singing jazzy and country-ish (and some combined) ballads.
B000059PQQ|4.0|Watching this video recently brought back some very familiar images. Seeing Richard Burton reciting corny poetry was a real trip. Even Marlon Brando appeared very youthful in this movie.<BR>Whatever became of Ewa Aulin???<br />See the trailer at IMDB.COM viewable with Windows Media Player 7.1..
0375815260|5.0|Along with his other classic, \\"James and the Giant Peach\\", Roald Dalh's \\"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory\\" stands at the top of the heap when it comes to children's books.  This is a pure classic of imagination, storytelling and magic.  Far superior to the film (where Willy Wonka becomes the title character), the book tells the story from Charlie Bucket's point of view.  Charlie, who lives with his four ancient grandparents and his mother in a one-room house, is the kind of child who can only dream about his future, since his family has barely enough money to survive.  When the Wonka chocolatier announces that five golden tickets to visit the aged factory have been carefully tucked inside chocolate bars the world over, Charlie's dreams are suddenly wide open.  He stumbles on some money in the street, purchases a chocolate bar and is thrust into the limelight beccoming one of the five lucky vistors.  The rest of the tale is one of scrumptous folly and nerve-wracking sentiment, highlighted by magical workers (the one and only Oompa Loompas), the etheral Willy Wonka, a host of loony characters - both adults and kids - and a thrill ride in a factory where time stands still and also rocks forwards, backwards, sideways and then some!  It's a classic tale of the triumph of good over evil, generosity over greed and family over fair-weathered friends.  Sure to be enjoyed by children of all ages, adults included, this is the best children's book ever written - and deserves prominent place in every child's library.
B000059PQQ|4.0|Watching this video recently brought back some very familiar images. Seeing Richard Burton reciting corny poetry was a real trip. Even Marlon Brando appeared very youthful in this movie.<br />Whatever became of Ewa Aulin???<br />See the trailer at IMDB.COM viewable with Windows Media Player 7.1..
0800141806|4.0|Before \\"Forest Gump\\" Tom Hanks won an Oscar as the protagonist of this important film - a lwayer whose whole world is shaken to the core via the death sentence that was AIDS.  Initmate, prophetic and gritty all at once, \\"Philadelphia\\" served to put a human face on the epidemic, while Hanks especially went the extra mile to literally embody his character in a way not fully realized on camera since Rbert DiNiro's superb turn in \\"Raging Bull.\\"  Washington - the other dual-Oscar winner - shines as well in a beautifully poised role as his advocate and attorney.  An important film that resonates to this day.
B00003CXXJ|1.0|Shrek is probably the most overrated animated movie of all time.  All of the celebrated humor is really just pandering pop-culture referencing of the dumbest kind.  The animators were not even creative enough to give their own characters unique looks - all of the physical characteristics and mannerisms of the animated characters just ape those of the voice-over actors.  Very, very clever (&amp; precious) and not smart at all.
B00005JKJA|1.0|This movie is boring.  It took way too long to get me interested; I even fell asleep about 20 minutes into this movie and had to go back and re-watch it.  Unfortunately, this DVD only has ONE chapter, so you cannot go back easily.  Isn't this why they invented DVD????  I was not impressed.  There are much better movies that deal with amnesia, mystery, etc. (Memento).  This DVD has nothing, just the trailer.  The video quality is good and the sound is fine, although there's not much sound in the movie.  I know a lot of people really like this movie, but it's just too slow, too random, and not nearly engaging enough for me to go back and see if I can figure everything out.  And this is one of the worst DVD's to come out lately since it only has a trailer and no scene selections.  If you do like this movie, they will probably release a special edition at some point.
B00005JKED|4.0|Finally a big movie shows cops doing what cops do most gleefully: taking citizens' stuff.  I do not mean to suggest that Training Day is some sort of mockumentary -- far from it -- but it shows why forfeiture is one of the meanest, most corrupting weapons in cops' arsenal, subject exclusively to their rarely questioned discretion.  Next time there's a big bust you'll ponder for a microsecond what else the cops took besides drugs and, if we still believe in \\"innocent until proven guilty,\\" why they should have it.  As insidious as this practice is, Training Day is not simply a good cop/bad cop story.  Where both characters' external motivations end and their individual ethics begin is a tasty question for the viewer to chew on.<br />Denzel, as always, delivers a thrilling performance, and imbues with credulity a role that might have been as laughable as Bulworth in the hands of a less capable actor.  Ethan Hawke plays his role better than expected, standing up admirably to his co-star's presence.<br />For a \\"day in the life\\" story, the film is very cohesive, though it cannot escape that style's inevitable paucity of layered meaning.  Nevertheless, this movie gives more incisive insight into the failed war on drugs than, say, Traffic, and it packs far more entertainment punch.  Highly recommended.
B00005NTNU|4.0|Despite all the crazy talk about the glorification of violence in this kind of movies, these are the precursors to all modern action flick nowadays.<br />I rate it 4 stars among the five, just because the last two (Sudden Impact &amp; The Dead Pool) where lesser sequels and had weak storylines that tended to repeat themes already elaborated in the first three.<br />Despite all of this, the &quot;Dirty Harry&quot; series are all exceptionally entertaining movies.<br />Chapter 1) - Dirty Harry (The Good)<br />Introduces us to the character and is obviously the best of the bunch especially with a villain such as the one incarnated by the highly talented Andy Robinson (who, by the way, played a more lovable Elim Garak throughout the Star Trek: Deep Space Nine series).<br />A vicious psychopath named Scorpio blackmails the City of San Francisco with a note where he threatens to kill at random until he gets what he wants. Inspector Callahan is called in to hunt him down...<br />Chapter 2) - Magnum Force (The Ugly)<br />After having been reprimanded for his violent methods, Harry is put out of the game until a few unexplained murders are uncovered. They all look like executions and a few cops are suspected, among them Harry himself...<br />Chapter 3) - The Enforcer (The Emancipated)<br />This is one of the very first attempts to tell about the presence of terrorism within American society. A group of separatist hoodlums, a few of which are truly psychopaths, take possession of the prison of Alcatraz and hold tourists as hostages in exchange for a ransom.<br />Harry is reactivated and sent off with a female colleague who disavowes his methods until...<br />Chapter 4) - Sudden Impact (The Deja-vu)<br />Harry is sent off to a quiet provincial town where nothing happens to purge his &quot;violent tendencies&quot;. Suddenly a mysterious woman appears and at the same time strange murders are being committed. Are they connected to the woman or are they just a coincidence?...<br />Chapter 5) - The Dead Pool (The Bad)<br />Harry goes Hollywood. While a director starts filming a horror flick, strange murders start to happen and exactly as they are described in the script. Is it the director, whose decline is almost certain unless he finds a way to sell the movie? Or is it somebody else who wants to take a revenge?...<br />In other words, Harry is almost always involved with psychopaths.<br />With such individuals on the loose who can really blame him for pulling the trigger of his Magnum 44 at the right time?<br />Even if the view of most of these movies is a bit unilateral, they are meant to be taken with a grain of salt.<br />One has to remember the late sixties and early seventies, where hard drugs were pervading American society and where revolutionary movements (true or invented ones) were rampaging all over with no rules nor pity.<br />Out of this explosive situation came a cinematic response which tried to deal with these problems in its own way.<br />Can it be blamed? Perhaps, but when you are at war, whether on the battlefield or in a moment of social unrest and chaos, you the soldier in this war, have only one choice: kill or be killed.<br />Harry chose his own way, and within the context in which it was dealt, his way seemed the only one possible.<br />Sorry for pacifists, but at times you have to trigger your own self-preservation button to stay alive...<br />All five movies are well-acted and the characterization given by Clint Eastwood is impeccable in all of them. Be warned though, they are not for the faint-hearted.) - The Dead Pool (The Bad)<BR>Harry goes Hollywood. While a director starts filming a horror flick, strange murders start to happen and exactly as they are described in the script. Is it the director, whose decline is almost certain unless he finds a way to sell the movie? Or is it somebody else who wants to take a revenge?...<br />In other words, Harry is almost always involved with psychopaths.<BR>With such individuals on the loose who can really blame him for pulling the trigger of his Magnum 44 at the right time?<br />Even if the view of most of these movies is a bit unilateral, they are meant to be taken with a grain of salt.<BR>One has to remember the late sixties and early seventies, where hard drugs were pervading American society and where revolutionary movements (true or invented ones) were rampaging all over with no rules nor pity.<br />Out of this explosive situation came a cinematic response which tried to deal with these problems in its own way. <BR>Can it be blamed? Perhaps, but when you are at war, whether on the battlefield or in a moment of social unrest and chaos, you the soldier in this war, have only one choice: kill or be killed.<br />Harry chose his own way, and within the context in which it was dealt, his way seemed the only one possible.<BR>Sorry for pacifists, but at times you have to trigger your own self-preservation button to stay alive...<br />All five movies are well-acted and the characterization given by Clint Eastwood is impeccable in all of them. Be warned though, they are not for the faint-hearted.
B00005JKBC|5.0|I really liked this movie..I don't know if I can explain the reasons for it clearly but I think it was one of the better movies I have seen.And clearly one of the best among its kind.<br />This is the story of two CIA agents,one young and the other one old,one a rookie and the other an experienced professional,a theme becoming quite popular.Nathan Muir (Robert Redford),on his last day working at CIA,finds out that Tom Bishop (Bradd Pitt) is captured by the Chinese while attempting a rescue mission unapproved by the headquarters.Bishop was recruited and trained by Muir,but at one time,their relationship came to an end because of some disagreements.This and the development of Bishop and Muir's past is explained with some long Flashback scenes,which make up more than half of the movie.And on the non-flashback scenes,Muir is fighting with the CIA system,the Chinese and also the clock ticking,to save his old pupil.<br />The plot is quite interesting and the story is beautifully  told with the help of flashbacks.The performances,especially Redford's,are top notch.I am not a big fan of Pitt but I must admit he plays his character pretty well.I also should mention Tony Scott,because I'm a big fan of his unique style.Scott's visual style makes the movie what it is,and people who have seen &quot;Enemy of The State&quot; will easily recognize the similarities.The part of the movie where Bishop is trained by Muir is the highlight of Tony Scott in my opinion.Other than that,although the ending can not be counted as a surprise,you still will watch Muir's battle with a lot of excitement.<br />The DVD's picture and sound quality are almost perfect.I especially recommend the Widescreen edition because that is the only way you can taste the movie's visual value.The extras are quite satisfactory,but my only complain is that you can not watch some behind the scenes features without watching the movie.I also want to mention that the DVD contains the movie's trailer,as opposed to the feature listing on the cover.I love trailers,a funny area of interest I know,and this movie's trailer is one of the best of all times.<br />It may not be the best spy movie of all time,but I think it ranks among the top 5.
B00003CXA2|1.0|I'm sorry but watching this movie was like having a root canal done.  I've had more fun watching grass grow.  Not only did I feel the storyline was ridiculous and extremely far-fetched, I didn't like nor sympathize for the main character, Forrest Gump.  I know that Tom Hanks is very talented and Robert Zemeckis is an accomplished directer, but what were these two thinking.  The only person I can half stand in this movie is Sally Field, who I like and respect as an actress, but even her character wears thin.  As for this film winning the Academy Award, it is sad because both Little Women and Pulp Fiction were much better films.  The Storyline of Forrest Gump is either one you accept or you loathe.  Me, I definetly loathed it.
B00005JKQX|5.0|A significant emotional event for me.  This movie compelled me to look into the eyes of people I had normally avoided; the homeless, the mentally ill, the demented elderly.  I now see the same torment in their eyes as was seen in the eyes of Russell Crowe as John Nash.<br />I am now deeply aware of the suffering of those who long to reach or be felt by their mentally incapacitated loved one, but can find no way in, in the same way that the loved one can find no way out.<br />Had there been true justice on Oscar Night, Russell Crowe would have stepped on the stage and claimed his.  He is a true craftsman of the Art.
B000002UA0|5.0|Often compared to its much-lauded contemporary, the Beatles' \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\\", Pink Floyd's debut is, quite simply, one of the greatest psychedelic records of all time - and that's no easy feat. Now, on with the description:<br />For starters, if you've only heard \\"The Dark Side of the Moon\\" or \\"The Wall\\" and are planning to buy this album, I suggest sampling the music first. All but one of the songs found within were composed by Syd Barrett in his sole appearance on a Pink Floyd LP, and to say that his vision is different from Waters' or Gilmour's would be a grave understatement (the latter wasn't even part of the group at this time). However, if you are open-minded and comprehend the attraction of uncompromising music, then plunge headfirst.<br />The album is, although not distinctly so, divided into two different parts. The first explores Barrett's more pop-oriented, albeit still extremely warped side, and it serves as perfect proof of why he is now considered one of the greatest songwriters of his generation. \\"Lucifer Sam\\" and \\"Bike\\" are both highlights of this style, but the other similar songs are hardly an afterthought.<br />In contrast, the other side of the album is devoted to progressive, instrumental compositions which is short in songs, but significant in playing time.<br />The best representation of this direction is the nearly 10-minute psychedelic jam classic, \\"Interstellar Overdrive\\", which still sounds ahead of its time today. Beginning with an incredibly vicious riff, the song slowly loses form until it becomes entirely dominated by an improvised sequence mainly featuring Barrett's guitar effects, Nick Wright's eerie organ, and Roger Waters' bass, virtually another lead instrument. The entire jam falls apart, only to re-introduce the riff again with even more intensity towards the end.<br />But the true crown jewel of the album is the tune which blends these two sides seamlessly, the amazing opener \\"Astronomy Domine\\", which is far more focused and potent than the live version later found on \\"Ummagumma\\".<br />The only disappointment one might think of is the lack of the band's first two singles, \\"Arnold Layne\\", and \\"See Emily Play\\", both psych-pop classics in their own right. This definitely does not detract from the whole, though, and it is to their credit that Pink Floyd managed to produce such a brilliant record without resorting to these two gems (thankfully, both can be found on the interesting compilation \\"Relics\\").<br />It is a pity that the band never got the chance to record a similar record again, as Barrett slowly sank into madness, a consequence of his notorious appetite for acid. And while this allowed Pink Floyd to pursue the unique and masterful direction they may have not explored otherwise, one can't help but wonder what might have happened.
B00002Z88D|3.0|One of the first things I noticed about this cd, and which was also the most dissapointing to me, was the song selection. Half the songs on these cds shouldn't have been there. Songs like battery, devil's dance, fuel, bleeding me, and outlaw torn are deplorable, sound worse with a symphony and don't belong on this cd or any other kind of greatest hits cd. Bells sounded like it was thrown together at the last minute-- the orchestra seems out of control while Hetfield continues to sing as if they're not even there. Also, I was surprised that neither of the Unforgivens made the setlist, especially since Unforgiven II is really the only good song off Reload. Until it Sleeps was brilliant, and I felt went well with the symphony since the original version already has a hint of classical in it. No Leaf Clover and Nothing Else Matters sounded great, with the exception of Hetfield ommitting the last verse in NEM- it would have been nice to have heard it done without any musical accompaniment or with maybe just that of a violin drifting away. I thought Enter Sandman was creative(\\"Exit light, WHAT IS IT!...\\"), but the chanting of \\"hoi, hoi, hoi...\\" towards the end was innapropriate as well as Hetfield singing the explitive in the first verse, which doesn't even make sense and completely unnecessary for a band that doesn't have much left to prove.
B000002H2Z|4.0|1985's 'The Head On The Door' is often said to be The Cure's poppiest, some dare say best album. Those people were wrong. 'Inbetween Days' starts the party in full pop swing, with a fast-paced acoustic melody and bouncy keyboards. 'Close To Me' starts with a very dancy drum beat and builds up with even more danceable delight. 'Kyoto Song' with it's far-eastern influences is a dark piece to say the least and 'Sinking,' the album's closer with its Disintegration-esque keyboard sound, is just plain heart-breaking. <br />Pop fans should listen closely; the album is chocked full of dark subject matters. Pop fans listen again; this album is filled with great hooks and lots of variety. While not as much of a mixed bag as their follow-up, 'Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me', 'The Head On The Door' is a bouncy, uneven schizophrenic affair. A very listenable and enjoyable schizophrenic affair.
B00001U0DP|4.0|The most common criticism of this movie is that it white-washed the atrocities experienced by Jews in Nazi concentration camps during WWII.  This is 100% true.  However, how many Schindler's Lists do we really need to see?  This movie was not intended to chronicle every injustice suffered by the Jewish people.  It is more a story of family.  As a Holocaust movie, it is mixed, but as a love story and a story of family persevering through trying times, it succeeds fully.  Benigni is hilarious and charming in the first half as he woos his future wife while happily bumbling through life.  And in the second half, he is a tragic optimist, as he shields his son from the horrors of their situation.  Although featured very little in the film, the son is really the focal point, and the whole movie is basically told through the rosy memories of the child and the stories he has heard about his father.<br />While some may find the white-washing of Nazi atrocities offensive, again it should be understood that this is not a movie about the Holocaust.  It is a movie about a family that happens to be set during WWII.  While not perfect, it deserves a full 5stars for Benigni's wonderful acting.
B00005JKED|1.0|This was one of the worst Denzel films I have ever seen. I expected something amazing (after all he did win an oscar for the role) . This film does not compared to the other great work he has done (Malcom X, Devil in a Blue Dress, The Bone Collector). I feel sorry that of all the roles Mr. Washington has played this is the one which Hollywood most appreciates.It is the typical Hollywood portrayal of Black men. Negative.
B00005V1Y0|4.0|Scott Hastings has been dancing since he was six years old and has a lot of friends and family supporting him (as well as pressuring him) as he works toward winning the Pan Pacific Championship. Fran has only been dancing for two years and has never even had a partner before. Despite that she approaches him after watching him make up steps by himself and says flat out, \\"I want to dance with you.\\" He laughs at her at first but a few weeks later they`ve become the perfect rumba couple and he`s the one saying, \\"I want to dance with you.\\" His family objects to this but Scott`s interests change and he concludes that he`s going to dance with Fran at the Championship and he doesn`t care about winning. The story contains a few twists that have our romance couple giving eachother the cold shoulder, but all the annoying characters in this movie change by the end and everybody learns the lesson they need to.<BR>I was interested in seeing this movie after I fell in love with \\"Moulin Rouge\\" and saw the same director`s ingenious interpretation in \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" (even if that specific movie of his lacked in a few areas.) I didn`t expect too much of it, but even if I had I doubt I would have been at all dissapointed. The first thing I noticed was that this film wasn`t remarkably like Luhrman`s others. It resembles \\"Moulin Rouge\\" in only a few noteworthy ways and doesn`t resemble \\"Romeo & Juliet\\" at all. It doesn`t hold the usual Baz charm, but it has a lot of other charm as a satisfying substitution. I thought the whole movie was just very sensitive and heartfelt, and not too heavy or loud. I hesitate to say that`s it`s \\"light-hearted\\" - usually when people say that about movies they`re describing chick flicks that treat the viewer like an [imbasil]. But in comparison to Luhrman`s other movies which contain scene-after-scene doses of lots of drama, this specific movie is quite light-hearted. The only heavy drama here is in the dance choreography. I enjoyed this director`s otherfilms splendidly, but I think I might have enjoyed this one for completely different reasons that don`t have much to do with the fact that the same director as \\"Moulin Rouge\\" did it.
B00005K3NR|4.0|This movie was both sad and scarey at the same time. The main character Carrie (Sissy Spacek) does a fabulous job as the tormented Telekinetic girl who is the butt of all the mean kids<BR>pranks.Carrie's homelife is a miserable hell as well with her religious pyscho mother whose always dressed in black and forever is sticking the bible in poor Carrie's face.<BR>She also locks the poor kid in the closet to make her pray also<BR>Her only friend really is the kind but stern Miss Collins (Betty Buckley) who takes Carrie under her wing and shows her how to be a woman.<BR>Later when the popular boy in school( William Katt) from \\"HOUSE\\"<BR>fame is coerced by his guilty girlfriend (Amy Irving) to escort<BR>Carrie to the prom she reluctantly agrees..then the real fiery hell<BR>begins. Evil Chris Hargensen (Nancy Allen) who hates Carrie has<BR>devised a cruel prank with her idiot boyfriend (John Travolta).<br />needless to say Carrie gets her revenge on her tormenters and her<BR>nutcase of a mother with a wild conclusion.<BR>An excellent flick by director Brian DePalma
B00003CXPJ|3.0|I loved both Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson in Meet the Parents, and they are both funny and good-looking guys who use this movie to showcase how corny and crazy they are. Favorite scenes are their dueling talkoff with Billy Zane in the background, and when they are both trying to figure out how to use the Day-glo orange Apple Computer.  These two clowns invoke the same laughter Crazy Uncle Gus used to amuze us as kids, but with more flair.  Loved the poking fun of the fashion world, plus the soundtrack and color of the film.
0385503954|5.0|I've said this before ..but I find after I have read some of the other \\"customer reviews\\" as well as editorial reviews for books I plan to review here that I really don't know what I can add... the only thing  I can say about Atonement is that it is a magnificent and compelling (an over used word but so applicable here) read -- and I do wholeheartedly agree with reviewers who said NOT to read all the many reviews of Atonement since ( and I found this very much to be the case with this particular book) they give far too many details and glimpses of the storyline which I feel takes away from the pleasure and enjoyment of what is coming up -- it is like reading a review of a film and knowing what will take place when you see the film --how it will end, etc....it is very distracting and diverting in an unpleasnt way. -- As someone said, it is four separate stories..all related but written in a way that  they could stand on their own.. Briony's hospital experiences reminded me somewhat of Pat Barker's trilogy of World War One horrors and a slim  novel that I had read recently called The Officer's Ward which also detailed the horrors of war and its effect on the human condition and spirit....enough said ..read Atonement --it's wonderful!!!
1577311523|5.0|This book presents an excellent analysis of ego consciousness and provides very clearly explained practical methods for overcoming the ego. By ego consciousness, I mean the soul, when identified with the body and mind, is subject to the pain and limitations experienced by the body and mind. The soul, in its natural state, has all of the qualities of God: bliss, love, peace, wisdom, omnipotence, omniscience and omnipresence. By stilling the mind and body, these qualities naturally arise from within: this is the sole purpose of meditation.<br />The book, and I assume, Eckhart Tolle's teachings in general, are carefully presented to appeal to the widest possible audience, and that is a good thing. It is one of the very best books available on the subject of spiritual evolution.<br />Although extremely helpful, I do believe the author fails to mention some important thoughts which should be seriously considered by anyone seriously seeking God. I present these thoughts from the biased perspective as a disciple of Paramahansa Yogananda, founder of Self-Realization Fellowship and author of Autobiography of a Yogi. You can accept them or reject them--I have no intention to offend anyone--I can't prove that they are true, even though I may seem to present some of them as facts--they are merely my point of view, for consideration only, as a disciple of Yogananda. The thoughts are as follows:<br />1. A self-realized Guru is usually necessary for salvation. A spiritual teacher, such as Eckhart Tolle, is helpful in the beginning of one's spritual search, but in order to find God, one needs a Guru. The path to God is too difficult without one. A Guru guides a disciple and takes most of her/his karma. I do not believe Eckhart Tolle qualifies as a Guru, nor do I believe that he is fully self-realized, although he is getting close. Imagine taking on the karma of and guiding simultaneously millions of disciples: that is what Yogananda and other self-realized Gurus do.<br />2. Daily meditation is usually necessary for Self-Realization. It is true that one can attain full realization by following the wisdom path (using discrimination), which is the essence of what Eckhart Tolle teaches. Ramana Maharshi is probably the best-known example of this, who became fully realized through self-inquiry. However, most persons are incapable of this due to their karma; guru-guided daily meditation is the best method of self-realization for most people. Even Ramana Maharshi recommended meditation: when he was asked, \\"Can this path of inquiry be followed by all aspirants?\\" his answer was, \\"This is suitable only for the ripe souls. The rest should follow different methods according to the state of their minds.\\" All of the practices Ramana Maharshi recommends are followed only with the object of concentrating the mind, and meditation is the easiest of these for most people.<br />3. Ego is \\"defined\\" by Eckhart Tolle as identification with the mind. Ego is also a product of identification with the body, especially the senses. When we are identified with the body and mind, we think we are the body and mind, hence atheism. The purpose of meditation is to still the mind AND the body, and to withdraw the life force from the senses into the spine and brain where God is experienced.<br />In spite of these omissions, The Power of Now serves as an excellent guide to overcoming ego consciousness and fully deserves its praises. It is one of my favorite spiritual books, along with Autobiography of a Yogi, You Can Heal Your Life, and the Conversations with God series. The Power of Now provides some very powerful insights which complement and clarify my Guru's teachings. It is easy on my path to get too focused on meditation as the only hope for salvation, even though Yogananda stresses the need for surrender, mentions the need to keep the mind quiet throughout the day by holding onto the peace following meditation, and mentions the importance of living in the Now. The Power ofNow, by focusing on this last aspect, is an extremely valuable part of my spiritual library, but is not a comprehensive teaching and I would not want to depend upon its methods as my only means of salvation.<br />Yogananda teaches Raja Yoga, the royal yoga, which is a blend of all of the important spiritual disciplines, of which Kriya Yoga is the primary method of salvation. Kriya Yoga is an extremly powerful meditation technique for interiorizing the mind and uplifting the consciousness. Kriya Yoga + devotion = God Realization. Try it: it works! Practice the power of Now at the same time, and you'll be Home faster than you thought possible. Yogananda said that it is possible to realize God in one life: there is no doubt in my mind that he spoke the truth when he said that. God bless!
B00005AKQE|5.0|i Listened to the CD and I love it.  I have the United States Release also.  Not that It matters to me the Editorial says that it is an Asian Territory Release,  But around the outside to the disc it says Australian limited.  Is the Disc Australian or Asian.  Is it really limited to 5000 copies.  The Disc is great. I would recommend it to anyone that likes good spirited, positive, Rock music
B00005UW7V|1.0|I love movies from art films that no one has heard of to blockbuster hits and I really wish I had not taken time out of my life to watch this movie.  The acting was fine, the special effects were decent but not enough to make me appreciate this film.  Yes, the movie's theme, \\"What is real?\\" gives you something to think about but I didn't need two and a half hours to come up with the answer.  The plot did not flow and the ending was pathetic.  While some people felt that the closing scenes of David and his mother were heatwarming, I felt it was fake and unsatisfying.
B0000542DJ|5.0|When JFK first hit the theaters, I wasn't interested in it at all.  But then I read Michael Parenti's account of the controversies the movie faced, and how it was attacked months before its theater release.  In fact, critics continue to attack the movie today.  That's when I got hooked and acquired my own copy of the movie.<br />The Director's Cut is a most welcomed version of any movie.  Viewers would certainly love to see extended and deleted scenes.  The other extras contained in JFK are nice too.  I would have like to see behind-the-scenes footage of the making of the movie, though, but that's not a big problem.  I haven't listened to the full director's commentary yet, so I am not sure if Oliver Stone has tried to defend his movie against the relentless wave of criticism it has endured.<br />For anyone who has yet to see the movie, get yourself a copy and watch it.
B000002HRE|5.0|THe follow up to load, and a kick ... one at that. Fuel is an awesome song, and Fixxer is one of Metallica's best songs of all time. There are acctually 3 of Metallica's best songs of all time on here (Fixxxer, The Unforgiven II, and Where the wild things are). Where the wild things are is the crack head of all crack head songs, just awesome. Fixxxer is sick, twisted, and coulden't get better. The Unforgiven II is the siqual to the black album's The Unforgiven, and tells the story of the unforgiven man finding, and loosing true love, a great song. <br />Best Song(s) - Fixxxer, Where the wild things are, The Unforgiven II<BR>Worst Song - Prince Charming
B00000JLWW|4.0|I would have rated this DVD 5 stars if it had more special features.  How could the biggest grossing movie of all time not have any special features on its DVD?  What would have been nice are behind-the-scenes documentaries, historical documentaries, and deleted scenes.  Even including Celine Dion's music video would have been a good start.<br />Anyway, the movie is short on believability, but long on entertainment.  And that's the purpose of watching movies, isn't it?  Well, audiences have been entertained to the tune of $1.8 billion!<br />The movie is touching, and it's little wonder why many would see it more than once in the theaters.  Well, then get the DVD version, and enjoy as many times as you want!
0375704027|4.0|This is my second Murakami book. The first was his Akutagawa prize winner from a while ago that did not leave enough of an impression to imprint the title in memory.<BR>But now, this book is positively refreshing after trying to wade through the acclaimed Japanese literature of recent years!  Notice how simple and unassuming the prose is, contrary to other contemporary work that doesn't make it over here for good reason. Of course, this novel has accessibility going for it. Main character Toru Watanabe is practically immersed in Western imports: he is reading \\"Magic Mountain\\", Conrad, Euripides, or Boris Vian, etc. with very scant reference to any Japanese work. Which makes it a relatively easy port to English and the translation loses little. <br />The main strength of the book I think is the atmosphere that it creates; it is truly one of a kind, more rarefied in effect than Salinger to whom this book owes certain similarities (Toru is likened to Holden at one point). It is a world where sex is narrated often but with cleanly wantonness, a world where time is stagnant and politics recede far to the background (Midori's quip about Marxist-poseurs in a university is exquisite - also shows Toru's apoliticalness, unfortunately very common in Japan), and above all a world where men and women are disarmingly honest about life, sex, and how they truly feel. Now except for the last item, the mindset is not far removed from that of a young contemporary Japanese, like me, which explains the popularity. Many people in Japan condemn Murakami for writing \\"fluff\\", but this is not true. Afterall, the core moral is stated in the very beginning of the book, that death is a part WITHIN life and not outside it (curiously Japanese sentiment from a most un-Japanese writer - check Ivan Morris' \\"Nobility of Failure\\"), and the book is his attempt to come to grip with this unconsoling truth.  That, certainly, is not a trivial lesson to live with and you will live through it, all of it, from enervating boredom down to sexual agony, with Toru.<br />In conclusion, this book, then, is for readers who are willing to see their own life reflected in the somewhat distorted but wonderful mirror of Murakami's making. Afterall, isn't this the mark of a great novel? <br />Oh, and to that reviewer who was so surprised by the unpuritanical ethics in a Japanese book: if reading anything by Tanizaki or the first few pages of Kawabata's \\"Snow Country\\" (why is he sniffing that finger?) doesn't convince you, consider any chapter of the Genji, or the nastier love-letters in the Man-yo Shu (the bit about the \\"bag\\" he will wear until next he sees her).  The clincher is the story in Konjaku Monogatari about a man who masturbates with a suggestive looking vegetable and his daughter eats it and ... well, you take it from there.  Prudish ethics has never was a forte of good Japanese literature.
0375704027|4.0|This is my second Murakami book. The first was his Akutagawa prize winner from a while ago that did not leave enough of an impression to imprint the title in memory.<BR>But now, this book is positively refreshing after trying to wade through the acclaimed Japanese literature of recent years!  Notice how simple and unassuming the prose is, contrary to other contemporary work that doesn't make it over here for good reason. Of course, this novel has accessibility going for it. Main character Toru Watanabe is practically immersed in Western imports: he is reading \\"Magic Mountain\\", Conrad, Euripides, or Boris Vian, etc. with very scant reference to any Japanese work. Which makes it a relatively easy port to English and the translation loses little. <br />The main strength of the book I think is the atmosphere that it creates; it is truly one of a kind, more rarefied in effect than Salinger to whom this book owes certain similarities (Toru is likened to Holden at one point). It is a world where sex is narrated often but with cleanly wantonness, a world where time is stagnant and politics recede far to the background (Midori's quip about Marxist-poseurs in a university is exquisite - also shows Toru's apoliticalness, unfortunately very common in Japan), and above all a world where men and women are disarmingly honest about life, sex, and how they truly feel. Now except for the last item, the mindset is not far removed from that of a young contemporary Japanese, like me, which explains the popularity. Many people in Japan condemn Murakami for writing \\"fluff\\", but this is not true. Afterall, the core moral is stated in the very beginning of the book, that death is a part WITHIN life and not outside it (curiously Japanese sentiment from a most un-Japanese writer - check Ivan Morris' \\"Nobility of Failure\\"), and the book is his attempt to come to grip with this unconsoling truth.  That, certainly, is not a trivial lesson to live with and you will live through it, all of it, from enervating boredom down to sexual agony, with Toru.<br />In conclusion, this book, then, is for readers who are willing to see their own life reflected in the somewhat distorted but wonderful mirror of Murakami's making. Afterall, isn't this the mark of a great novel? <br />Oh, and to that reviewer who was so surprised by the unpuritanical ethics in a Japanese book: if reading anything by Tanizaki or the first few pages of Kawabata's \\"Snow Country\\" (why is he sniffing that finger?) doesn't convince you, consider any chapter of the Genji, or the nastier love-letters in the Man-yo Shu (the bit about the \\"bag\\" he will wear until next he sees her).  The clincher is the story in Konjaku Monogatari about a man who masturbates with a suggestive looking vegetable and his daughter eats it and ... well, you take it from there.  Prudish ethics has never was a forte of good Japanese literature.
014100018X|5.0|I think Chocolat became my favorite book immediately after I finished it.  It is a pleasure to read if you have or have not seen the film based on it (the book is even better than the film).  Joanne Harris is a wonderful author, capable of conveying excellent character development, imagery and sensual experience.  Chocolat will be one of the most pleasant reading experiences you've ever had.  It is on one level, entertaining, on another it is philosophically and politically engaging in a way that is not preachy nor confrontational; but rather brings the reader into contemplating the issues of seeking meaning and confronting prejudice in a very uplifting manner.  There are a number of different elements to the novel than will be found in the film, of course, and it is interesting to see the differences, though the general feel is the same.  Harris is such a skillful writer, and I encourage you to read all of her novels if you have a chance.  I apologize if my reviewing skills are not as good.
B00005MP58|4.0|Great series, great actors... You could not go very wrong with an adaptation of such a classical masterpiece as P&amp;P, provided that you only follow the book, and this series does exactly that.<br />Without delving too much on the plot and the excelent performances delivered by all actors, I'm just going to note a few differences from the book:<br />1. There is a scene added while Lizzy is at Netherfield tending her sister, which shows Darcy watching her as she plays with a dog from an upper window. This is added to show how his interest in her is piqued.<br />2. There is a scene added right before Lizzy meets Mr. Darcy at Pemberley, showing him training in duel and then taking a bath in the river by the house. I think those were added to show his state of mind and his inner struggle with his feelings. They were good and did nothing wrong to the character.<br />3. The involment of Mr. Darcy in Lydia's wedding is shown as we go along, instead of Lizzy discovering it from her aunt's letter. I liked it better when it was all a surprise right up the moment she got the letter.<br />4. The ending is a little rushed; after Lizzy and Darcy confess their love, we are taken almost directly to the wedding day. We don't see the scene where Lizzy tells her mother about the upcoming wedding, and that scene was great. Also, all the 'future' developments Ms. Austen suggests for the characters -- like Mr. Bennett constantly visiting his daughters, Lydia and Wickham coming to visit, Lydia's letters -- are not included.<br />And two other things:<br />The actress who plays Jane is not as beautiful as she should have been. She acts very well, however.<br />Finally, I gave this DVD four stars not because of the movie -- which despite its flaws is a full 5 star -- but because it has no subtitles. Dialogue is one of the most important aspects in this movie, and with the old English phrasing it was sometimes dfficult to follow, because of the absence of the subtitles.
B000000JO3|5.0|You don't have this album yet?  You like hardcore?  Don't read, just buy.
B00005AQGH|5.0|Exit 2Pac, Enter Makaveli....Subtle notes in the inside cover of the album that many consider to be Tupac Shakur's most controversial record. Pac had originally planned this record to be his rebirth. The rebirth of a general out to expose the fakers in the hip-hop game. Fate changed his plans, however, instead the 7 Day Theory became the first posthumous album released from Shakur only a month after his death. An eerie album at that.  A shocking cover of a crucified Shakur alone added fuel to rumors of him faking his own death. Double-meanings in verses also had many fans shaking their heads. The album itself included vicious disses to some of the East Coast's finest (Nas, Mobb Deep, Puffy, Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls) on \\"Bomb First\\" and \\"Against All Odds.\\" East Coast heads, however, weren't the only recipients of the Death Row assault. Suge Knight's influence was apparent on the track \\"Toss It Up\\" where Makaveli tore apart Dr. Dre on an extremely personal level going as far as to question his manhood. Disses aside, some of Pac's greatest moments can be found on this record. Take the virtually flawless \\"Hail Mary\\" or the Left Coast anthem \\"To Live and Die in LA\\". Pac doesn't falter on the introspective side either with heart-felt moments including \\"White Manz World\\" and \\"Hold Ya Head\\". And to those back-packing naysayers who complained about the minimal use of methaphors in Pac's verses, please skip to \\"Me and My Girlfriend\\" and witness a song-long metaphor about the passion between a man and his 9mm.  Truth is that Makaveli was about emotions and not similes. Take the soul-wrenching \\"Krazy\\" where Makaveli declares \\"Blame me for the outcome, playing my records. Check this. Don't have to bump this but please respect this.\\" That's his stance on this record, love him or hate him. You have to respect Makaveli's place in rap history whether \\"breathin' or dead.\\"
079213690X|5.0|Many a movie has wowed me.  But, the one that impacted me the most is Braveheart.  It combines great actors with action, romance and enough storyline to keep you watching until the end.  We probably know most of the storyline.  Scottish Rebel William Wallace leads a band of Scotsmen to freedom from England.  Him being one of my ancestors, I was piqued by my curiousity and watched it.  I instantly knew it would be a good movie.  Special Note, the images are awesome and are stunning, with great characters.  Buying it will be a great purchase and you won't regret it.
0440219078|4.0|I really liked the novel \\"The Giver\\". I always kept you thinking about Jonas and his world. Jonas lives in a Utopia where there are no choices, differences, or memories. When he is given a highly respected job, he learns the truth about how communities just like ours really live. While reading this book I started thinking about life without choices. What would it be like? The little things that we take for granted would not be there. Things like waking up in the morning and choosing whether to wear blue or green, eating a pear or an apple and seeing red or green, or just looking up and seeing the stars, these are all things we take for granted that Jonas didn't have. Eventually, Jonas leaves his community in search for memories and choices. This is the way I would want to live too. I really like the novel and I think that Lois Lowry did a good job writing it. It speaks a great message.
B00005N53P|5.0|While the American version is missing the great \\"New York City Cops\\" (for obvious reasons) that particular version of the album is still worthy of at least four stars. I've heard the hype and I've heard the detractors....They make fun, simple, and intense songs that you can tell they feel passionate about making. It's homage music and for the unintiated (most of us, you hear that you art-punk elitists), it's something that sounds new. This album (like the Strokes are) is fun, it's underproduced, and it's in your face. Whether today's rock fans like it or not (I LOVE IT IN CASE YOU CRETIN DETRACTORS COULDN'T TELL) pop-rock is changing from the Bizkits and the Creeds of yesterday to this. ...Just sit back and rock out to just about every song on this superior UK edition because I give this muffin [arse] of an album 4 1/2 stars rated as 5...
0316152196|5.0|I'm not going to bore you with yet another \\"bookjacket-style\\" review; I won't force you to wade through paragraphs of somebody's idea of literary criticism. I'm just saying that I really admired this book; you just can't touch Connelly's style and craftsmanship here. Buying the hardcover was a good investment; I'll certainly read this book again sometime. My only beef against Connelly is that he doesn't write three or four books per year, but I guess you can't have everything. I'd buy any book by this guy, in hardback, without checking first in Amazon for opinions - I wouldn't say that about many fiction authors.
B000002INJ|1.0|This album was one of the low points in Manowar's career. They had always been a very over-the-top kind of band, but with this album they got downright silly. The album is full of uninspired music, ridiculous (and sexist) lyrics, church choirs, some more church choirs... what a stinker!     The 1 star is for the opening track Wheels of Fire, which is a killer song, equally good as Manowar's finest anthems (Fast Taker, Battle Hymn, Blood of My Enemies, Kill with Power, Thor, Black Wind Fire and Steel). And I guess the final track Blood of the Kings is quite okay if you can stomach the intense silliness of the lyrics. But what's in-between is a collection of painful mistakes that you wouldn't want to touch with a stick.     Maybe I'm being too harsh, but that's because this album for me marks the point where Manowar's music came to follow this formula of very simple chord schemes and hollow attempts at being 'epic'. And even worse, it made people identify the whole power metal genre with this kind of simplistic stuff, while at one point Manowar's music (not talking about their image or lyrics) had been really quite intelligent, energetic, and even 'avant-garde'. So my advice is to get acquainted with that side of Manowar, and to buy the Battle Hymns and Hail to England albums instead, which are both 5-star records.
B00003CXI1|5.0|its the best i give it 5 stars coz there is no 6 stars .<BR>in a short words : excellent story . excellent dressing & clothes , v good acting , it will touch your felling directly sinse the small harry potter the beginner in the best magic school fight & face his fate the huge monsters who use a black magic in a great adventures . good work & a great add to the cinema & its suitable 2 all ages 2 see it . i saw this film 6 times every time i saw a new vision .
6301954947|5.0|Widescreen DVD please! This is definitely one of the best epic war movies ever filmed with sweping battle scenes and cast of thousands. It goes into great realistic details about the strategy for such an important battle. The cinematography, the acting, the costume and the score is absolutely fantastic. Why it is still not available in widescreen DVD is beyond me. I am sure this DVD will be snapped up like hotcakes. Many people missed it during its theatrical release. Waterloo would go down in the annals of film making as one of the best epic battle movies of all times.
B000002JR8|2.0|I'm not a fan of metal to start with, and Pantera hardly holds up to my ideals of what music should be about.  I didn't really mind Vulgar Display of Power, in fact a lot of the riffs impressed me a lot even if the album did sometimes frequently lapse into the territory of metal cliches.  I think Billy Corgan once said that Dimebag Darrell is the greatest riff writer in rock music, and I read that Trent Reznor and Flood used to listen to Vulgar Display of Power every day when they were working on Broken.  But this CD did nothing for me, they don't seem to be trying to do anything other than be as heavy and agressive as possible.  The first song starts out at full throttle and sounds absoultely terrible.  There isn't really any experimentation here either, Pantera could really care less about doing anything new, its just them trying to out-heavy their previous albums.  Also, I can't take these guys too seriously after finding out they used to be basically an '80's glam/hair band.  Not to mention that they're absolutely disgusting, it takes a lot to gross me out but one of their home videos definately did the trick.  Maybe that's what metal is all about, I don't know, but it seems way too primitive and immature to me.<br />Anyhow, I think if this band didn't play straight-up metal and tried their hand at alternative rock or something, they could be pretty good.  But this album as it is just does nothing for me, I have no desire to ever listen to it again.  The last song is definately my favorite on the album, an almost pretty ballad.  If they ever put out an album full of stuff like that, I'll be the first to lay my cash down and buy it.  But as far as this album goes...no.  I love agressive music, but I just can't stand all the metal cliches and lack of melody.  If you want to get into Pantera, check out their first two albums first, they're somewhat better.
6305252521|5.0|Truman Burbank is your average American.  He's an insurance salesman happily married to his college sweetheart.  What he doesn't realize, however, is that his world is fake.  Every minute of his life has been filmed and broadcast to the rest of the world, and everyone he knows are really actors hired to fill his life.  But when his carefully constructed world begins to fall apart, will he discover the truth and escape to the real world?<br />I am not a big Jim Carrey fan.  Here, however, he gives an outstanding performance as the happy Truman who begins to realize something's not right.  The story itself is part funny, part touching drama that draws you in and makes you root for Truman to learn the truth.  I've watched the movie many times, and I always feel like cheering at the end.  Along the way, it makes you think about our entertainment-obsessed culture in a different way.<br />The DVD is a bare bones offering.  Beside the movie, it only offers the trailers.  Still, the picture quality and sound are good.<br />Jim Carrey proves he can do drama quite well in this moving film.  Anyone looking for a movie to entertain and lift their spirits should definitely check this one out.  It's one of the best movies of the last few years.
B000006NPY|5.0|<br />Anyhow, had the Pumpkins made another rock album maybe things would be different today.  But Adore is still genius.  I also have a lot of respect for Corgan's egotism and \\"I'll do what I want\\" attitude.  When Adore was recorded he didn't put on two guaranteed hit singles he wrote during the sessions (Cash Car Star and Let Me Give the World to You) simply because he didn't think they fit the rest of the album very well.  Sixteen tracks of mostly acoustic-style songs is a little difficult to stomach, so it'll take quite awhile to grow on you, but its worth it.  Perfect used to make me nautious, but now its one of my favorite songs, and that's saying a lot since I used to hate everything the Pumpkins did with a passion.<br />To Sheila--Soft, beautiful fingerpicking ballad that proves Corgan could care less about people who think he's overly sentimental.<BR>Ava Adore--When I first heard it I didn't know what to think other than that they somehow must have recorded music inside a washing machine or something.  Along with Perfect, the best song on the album.<BR>Perfect--If any more proof is needed that Corgan is the single best songwriter in the history of the world, this should do the trick.  Happy and sad at the same time, a ballad yet with a fast tempo, electonic and acoustic at the same time, this song is lacking in absolutely nothing.<BR>Daphne Descends--The album starts getting a little hard on the ears right about here.  The ending is botched, but its still an okay song even if could have been left off the album.<BR>Once Upon a Time--Things get happier with some sparkling acoustic guitar.  It makes me think of a nice autumn day.<BR>Tear--Corgan wrote it along with Eye for the Lost Highway soundtrack, but it was rejected so he rewrote it for Adore.  Not nearly as good as Eye, and in fact I would really like to hear the original version of Tear if I could find it, but its still a good song.<BR>Crestfallen--One of the weakest songs on a Pumpkin album ever, I think Corgan just loved something about it too much to resist not putting it here.  Its not awful, just a bit off-kilter.<BR>Appels and Oranjes--Excellent song, quite innovative too.  Very electronic-based and fast-paced, the album could have used more songs like this one to balance it out.<BR>Pug--Weird, a bit grating on the ears at times though.<BR>The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete--Another midtempo acoustic song along the line of Once Upon a Time, it tells the story of a murder and a ghost.<BR>Annie Dog--Minimalist piano ballad, Corgan storytelling about a prostitute.<BR>Shame--Slow, plodding, mature song.  One of the better ones on the disc, perfect for late-night driving.<BR>Nightmare--In the vein of Shame, but slightly more upbeat and electronic.  Nice backing vocals from the rest of the band.<BR>For Martha--For Corgan's dead mother.  Epic, piano-driven song.<BR>Blank Page--Slow-moving song with random piano chords banged out in some incomprehensible fashion, yet Corgan still somehow finds a semi-coherent melody to sing over them.<BR>17--Somebody's idea of a joke, because its 17 seconds long.
B00005JKJA|5.0|This is the best Lynch movie I've seen - simple as that.<br />It's shrouded in mystery and riddles, twists and turns that makes you wonder what the h... is going on...<br />You might think you know what's going on, but suddenly Lynch turns everything upside down in a couple of minutes and you're left to yourself to figure things out.<br />It's a bit similar to Lost Highway in some places but I think this is even more complex and more exciting. Great stuff.<br />I have to watch it again.<br />David Lynch is the most innovative and creative genius of our time.
B000001DYD|5.0|Is This Desire is my favorite PJ Harvey album, but this one is equally good and will definately make more of an impact on you.  The first song on here, Rid of Me, starts out all quiet and creepy until the chorus comes in and bam, you know PJ is ready to kill somebody.  In the background some very weird backing vocals are singing something like \\"lick my legs, I'm on fire, lick my legs, of desire.\\"  And then at the end the rest of the music drops out and you're left with just those weird backing vocals all by their self, very creepy and strange.<br />Steve Albini is a genius producer, even if he does use the same techniques on every single he does, and I think it works good with the music even if he did reign things in a bit too much with his trademark sound.  The guitars just sound kind of tiny, and the volume on this CD is set ridiculously low, if you play it on a portable CD with headphones you'll have to crank it all the way up and it probably still won't be loud enough if you're walking down a busy street or something.<br />Otherwise, Man-Size Sextet is so weird its almost hilarious, its the kind of song I would play for someone if they want me to think I'm a crazy freak or something.  \\"I'll measure time, I'll measure height, I'll calculate my birthright.  Good lord I'm big...\\"  Weird, weird, weird.<br />Highway 61 Revisted, the Boy Dylan cover, is better than the original, starting out so quiet you can barely hear it.  50 Ft. Queenie is a huge in-your-face rock song driven by blues-sounding riffs, and Me Jane takes the Tarzan theme and looks at it from the woman's point of view.  \\"Just you stop your screaming....move it over Tarzan can't you see I'm bleeding.\\"  The song Snake could really care less about being anything other than agressive, essentially a straightforward minute and a half rant about someone she hates, with a brief intermission where PJ does the vocal equivalent of a slow pick-scrape, majorly cool.<br />Basically, its a flawless album other than perhaps issues with the volume.  Along with Is This Desire, Rid of me is a must own in my opinion.  The rest of her work is still good, but only optional, don't bother unless you already have these two albums.
630416923X|5.0|I loved watching this collection about the most outstanding band in todays history. Not only are they all so very talented, but they were all very funny. It made me laugh. You can also see that not only were they a famous band, but they had lives of their own and families, wives, and children. It was interesting to see all the things they had to go through. It was hard for them all. I am so glad this has been made available for us fans, to get to know each one of them in a personal way. I especially enjoyed knowing about george harrison as he was always my favorite. He was such a kind sweet and gentle man. May we always remember george and john, paul and ringo, through this collection and through all of their wonderful songs. i think this collection should be made less expensive so that everyone can get a chance to own it and get to know about the great Beatles! its that good!!
B00000DLVA|5.0|If you've never heard this album before, I know exactly what you're thinking.  You're thinking &quot;the Cardigans, they're a bunch of pop sellouts, they had that horribly happy song Lovefool, I would never buy this album.&quot;  Either that or you liked that song and figure maybe you should by this album because you did.<br />Well, this album is nothing like that song, its the complete opposite, with the only thing in common being the singer's unnaturally high-pitched voice.  This album is dark trip-hop kind of similar to Portishead in a lot of ways.  Maybe &quot;trip-pop&quot; would be better, because Nina's voice is the furthest thing you can get from sultry.<br />My Favorite Game and Erase/Rewind are easily the best two songs on here, and you'll be listening to them the most.  My Favorite Game is this really fast song on an otherwise completely slow album, and if you play it while driving you'll be really tempted start driving way too fast for your own good, especially if you've ever seen the video.  Erase/Rewind is probably the second fastest song on the album, although its still only midtempo at best.  The final track Nil is a nice closing instrumental.  Otherwise, you're left with 8 slow, plodding songs that are all pretty much decent but nothing TOO great, they just get the job done.  They're all good, just not as melodic as you might wish.  Basically, they're more like Portishead songs than the rest.  Good mood music, artistic, but they just don't give you that satisfaction you get from a great melodic rock song.  You'll probably just play Erase/Rewind and My Favorite Game a lot, because even though all the songs on the album are good those two just completely overshadow the rest.<br />Otherwise, if you like Portishead or are just a fan of well-produced music check this one out.  I think its stellar even if I would have rather had a whole album full of Erase/Rewinds and My Favorite Games.  Alan Moulder actually said this was one of his favorite albums for what that's worth.  He said flat-out that he didn't think he could have done a better job producing it himself, and I think that means quite a lot coming from him.
B0000640SA|4.0|This film is a sequence of vignettes, shown in reverse chronological order, through which a murder mystery begins to unfold.   The end of each newly witnessed scene takes us to where the prior one ends.  Since the edges of the scenes overlap by a few seconds, we are able to piece them together to form a continuum.<br />Brilliant in concept, well executed and well acted, this film is a spellbinding puzzle that is engrossing from beginning to end.  <br />Some critics of the film complain that the film's story would be simple-minded and uninteresting if viewed in normal time.  I don't agree.  In any case, the film's \\"backwards\\" format poses certain limits on story complexity because of the extra mental effort we must go through to piece the puzzle together.  I think the film achieves a perfectly reasonable balance, considering these constraints.<br />Others say that there are flaws in the plotline; however I believe that a second viewing will convince most observers that there are explanations for most, if not all, perceived anomalies.<br />As Leonard Shelby, Guy Pierce delivers a fine, low-key performance:  that of a man whose emotions are sometimes grayed by the trauma of a life that has come unraveled.  Shelby is a man who is not completely innocent, but his life has become such a nightmare that he we feel sympathy for him nonetheless.<br />However the finest performance of the film is by Carrie-Anne Moss.  In the character of Natalie, Leonard's flawed and tragic soul mate, she embodies anger, hatred, vindictiveness, sadness, compassion, and desperation.   And all are portrayed without a single false note. <br />The movie is not perfect, and not for everyone, but I found it well worth the viewing.
B00000AFFI|5.0|Its also the most different album from the rest of her work.  The focus really isn't on the guitar so much this time around, its a very electronic-sounding album.  All the albums before this one have always sounded somewhat dated to me, with a production style that got the job done but was sometimes a little bit sloppy and definately nothing special.  This one sounds superb though, its got that really fluid style of perfectly balanced, smooth production that Flood is known for.  There's also synthesizers all over this album, and they sound great, laying down these somewhat spooky sounding chords in the background.<br />Its also really dark, probably more so than her other work, and that's saying something.  Songs like track #4 and 7 have the bass cranked way up, on #4 in particular its cranked so loud that it's almost annoying, my least favorite song on the album but still great.  They lyrics are excellent as well, totally dark and spooky, with this detached quality to them that's a pretty awesome deparature from the introspective lyrics most artists tend to use.  She sings songs about other women or from their point of view, with the creepy Catherine being one of the high points.  A Perfect Day Elise was one of the best singles of 1998, with its story of a girl's murder and lyrics like \\"God is the sweat running down her back, the water soaked her blonde hair black.\\"  The Sky Lit Up is just short and frantic, with the music matching the lyrics perfectly, and The River is probably PJ Harvey's saddest song ever, a piano ballad that's quite the departure from her earlier work.  I don't think I'll ever get sick of the album, its practically flawless.  And even though its her most mature and artistic album, this is by no means a soft album of ballads.  The song Track No Girl So Sweet is probably more crazy and psychotic sounding than anything on Rid of Me, starting out with a techno-sounding electronic loop and then quickly getting all wild and scary.  I think if you'd listen to this album by yourself outdoors on a dark night, it would be a really scary experience.<br />The critics never really liked this one as much as her other work, god knows why, because as a whole this album is definately her most innovative, and I really wish she would have kept going with what she had started here instead of going all Prada with Stories From the City.  Its kind of depressing, because so many artists put out great albums in 1998 and then just went downhill from there.  The same thing happened to Tori Amos, who put out the amazing From the Choirgirl Hotel and then got all weak.  Anyhow, if you buy just one PJ Harvey album get this one, its nothing like her other stuff but easily my favorite.
B00005JKJA|1.0|I'll keep it brief... you either LOVE this movie or HATE it.  I love it.<br />Having said that, not only does this DVD have just about no extras, but the entire movie seems to be presented in JUST ONE CHAPTER.  You cannot skip between SCENES!  You cannot skip to your favorite Lynchian moments (cowboy) or dialogue (napkin)!  The disc is DTS and 5.1!  It's WIDESCREEN ANAMORPHIC!  It is ONE HUGE SCENE!  What is going on?  I forgot how to fast forward the day I threw out my VCR, and I thanked god I did.<br />Universal DVDs tend to look pretty and sound good with zero extras, but this is really absurd.  I GIVE THE MOVIE 5 STARS BECAUSE I LOVE IT, AND -4 STARS BECAUSE I WANT TO EDUCATE CONSUMERS on this less-than-spectacular DVD.<br />Finally, if this is the way David intended his film to be shown, then I think he's way off the mark in terms of the medium; which is odd, because davidlynch.com is so wonderful.<br />If just my DVD has this problem, please let me know.
B000002LOE|4.0|If not for Losing My Religion and Country Feedback, I'd say don't even bother buying this album, because it would be too ridiculously happy to stomach.  But that isn't that case, these songs help balance things out.  As a whole the album is still the happiest REM CD of the nineties, maybe ever, and it might get to you just because its so poppy, but never mind its REM, so of course its still pretty good.<br />As for the rest of songs:<BR>Radio Song--Super poppy, with a kind of wack rap from KRS-1 at the end.  Not my favorite, but catchy.<BR>Losing My Religion--Duh, this song is amazing, and its not about religion, just loss.<BR>Low--Slow, with organ in the ballad, dark, good.<BR>Near Wild Heaven--Mike Mills is a good singer, but he should stick to backing vocals.  This song is way too happy for me.<BR>Endgame--Instrumental.  Would be a good song for grocery stores to play on the overhead speakers.  Ha.<BR>Shiny Happy People--I still can't believe this song isn't supposed to be sarcastic.  Well, I like to think it is anyhow, it would just be scary to think of it as serious.  I like how they have three singers here, Mike, Mike, and Kate Pierson of the B52's.<BR>Belong--Spoken word, its kind of dumb.<BR>Half a World Away--Pretty good, it uses some weird harpsichord instrument or something.<BR>Texarkana--Mike Mills again.  He does better this time, but this song sounds pretty 80's-ish.<BR>Country Feedback--2nd best song on the album, a hint of the genius to come on their next album.<BR>Me in Honey--Kate is here again, the song is driven by one repeating riff that somehow stays addictive instead of driving you crazy.<br />Anyhow, if you can't take overly happy music then this isn't the album for you.  And I must warn you, it'll probably sound like a joke 10 years from now.  Buy Up, Automatic, and New Adventures before this one, and if you like those and want to see some of REM's happier side, get this and Reveal.
B000001EAQ|4.0|I have a question: Are there any U2 fans out there besides me that loved EVERY album the group ever released? I find it remarkable how these Irish boys change their style on basically every album, and they have stayed at the top for 20 years, a stretch longer than ANY other group in Rock n' Roll history, even the Beatles. When they came onto the scene with \\"Boy\\" and their punk-rock style, the politically driven \\"War\\", the spiritual perfection of \\"The Joshua Tree,\\" the search for American music roots in \\"Rattle and Hum,\\" the original, incredible sound of \\"Achtung Baby,\\" and then the new, stripped-down rock classic \\"All That You Can't Leave Behind.\\" And ofcourse, the brilliant experimentation behind \\"Zooropa\\" and \\"Pop.\\"  For U2, one of the best bands in the world, to drop what had made them millions and make an album to quench their musical thirst and intrigue is incredible...<br />\\"Pop\\" is a great rock album. However, for U2 standards, it is a good album.  I say this because the CD seems to littered with a lot of great songs, then some that are really good but...not quite classics, then a couple that should have been b-sides.  Of course, there's an explanation for this.<br />The great tracks start with \\"Discotheque,\\" a very catchy track which gets the listener started \\"a-la-Zoo Station.\\"  \\"Staring at the Sun\\" and \\"Gone\\" are incredibly made songs in which the Edge's guitar stands out.  I don't know why these two didn't get more radio time when the album was released.  My favorite song, however, is \\"If God Will Send his Angels,\\" a mellow, depressing song brilliantly written and delivered by Bono. <br />Now, why do I think this album, although very good, could have been so much better? Example: \\"Please.\\" A little dull.  But tell you what...if you buy this CD, skip this track and go buy the single for \\"Please\\" and hear that re-done version.  AMAZING! I feel the same about \\"Wake up Dead Man\\" and \\"Could You be Loved,\\" both good songs that could have been better.<br />Othervery good songs on this album include \\"Mofo,\\" \\"Last Night on Earth,\\" and \\"If You Wear that Velvet Dress.\\" And about my title for this review, a perfect example is \\"The Playboy Mansion.\\"  This CD grew on me more than any other I've ever heard.  At first, you might think a song like \\"Playboy\\" isn't your taste, but keep listening to it.  Bono's clever lyrics will change your opinion, trust me. <br />The fact is U2 finished 2-3 tracks on the day the album was being mastered!! So the result is a song like \\"Miami,\\" which should be thrown off the list and put on the b-side of the \\"Staring at the Sun\\" single.   <br />Overall, this is a very good CD.  I feel it's unfair to judge it next to \\"Joshua Tree\\" and \\"Achtung Baby\\", which are amazing classics.  As for \\"Pop.\\" I feel it's material and just the guts of U2 releasing this kind of album should merit 4 1/2-5 Stars, but I'm very strict when it comes to my music opinion so I'll stick with 4 stars.  And U2 fans that love \\"Pop\\" and don't enjoy \\"ATYCLB\\", give it another chance and appreciate great rock music.  And for those who put \\"Joshua Tree\\" on a pedistal, put \\"Achtung Baby\\" in your CD changer and put it on repeat 20X, its one of the best rock albums of all time.  Pick up every U2 CD, they all give a different edge and are incredible in their own way.
B00004TL21|5.0|I really don't know what to say about this album other than that you should buy it now.  I don't want to even discuss it because that would detract from how good it is.  Change in the House of Flies is one of the best songs ever written by anyone, period.<br />Also, I really hate how these guys had to go and release a million versions of this album, with rereleases, limited editions, and whatnot.  Forget that, don't support that kind of marketing strategy, buy this version, the original, even if it doesn't have as many songs on it.  Their earlier stuff is good too, but this one is the best.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill is an excellent singer and rapper, as most people can see by hearing her songs or watching her in the movie Sister Act 2. This album can really prove her ability to influence her listeners. I'm not much of a fan of songs that are all rap, because I feel bored by the second verse begins and I don't feel it shows true singing ability.<br />TRACKS and RATINGS:<BR>1) Intro. This one's the intro, and it's one of the things where the teacher does attendance and goes, &quot;____________(name)?&quot; No answer. It's just an intro, so no rating.<br />2) Lost Ones. This is one of the mostly rap songs. I don't like it at all, and the only times Lauryn shows off her great voice is a few, all times in the backround and nearly inaudible. R: 3/5<br />3) Ex-Factor. I like this song a lot. It's a really beautiful song (instrumental, melody, harmony), and Lauryn expresses great singing ability. R: 5/5<br />4) To Zion. The rhythm is excellent, and it reminds me of a band song called March Zuma. It's a great song, and its only problem is the ending. It's just a bit weird. R: 5/5<br />5) Doo Wop (That Thing). This is another song I really like. There's only a bit of rap, great melody, a nice song to listen to. Excellent rhythm. I like the chorus. R: 5/5<br />6) Superstar. This song's okay, not the best. The chorus gets a bit annoying after a while, but its a good song. R: 4/5<br />7) Final Hour. This is another all-rap song. It's like some sort of freaky chant, repeating thes words. At the very end, the song tries to save itself, but its too late. Listeners have already changed the track in hope for something better. R: 3/5<br />8) When It Hurts So Bad. Very good, except for the beginning. Otherwise, its up there with all the 5 star songs. R: 5/5<br />9) I Used To Love Him. Again, the beginning's weird. Its even weirder! I don't like the beginning, but the rest of the song picks up later. Pretty good. R: 4/5<br />10) Forgive Them Father. Some listeners might think my opinions odd, but I kinda liked this song. Nice rhthym, great melody. Nice Lauryn sounds. Overall, nice to listen to. R: 5/5<br />11) Every Ghetto, Every City. I like this song a lot. Its really something you can nod your head to. There's a street feeling, like the singers are just chilling on the sidewalk. R: 5/5<br />12) Nothing Even Matters. Eh. I've seen better songs with more diversity in melody. It's just the repeating of the same tune, so I have to knock off a point for blandness. R: 4/5<br />13) Everything is Everything. Like Every Ghetto, Every City, there's a street beat, and its a good song. R: 5/5<br />14) The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill. The song that's the CD's namesake is a slow one, but still a nice song. There's a feeling like sadness, but still good song. R: 5/5<br />There are two hidden tracks, but I'm tired. Anyway, overall, this is a great CD. Those Grammy chooser people chose right. Lauryn Hill deserves the honors, and you should definitely buy this CD. Later!<br />~*DatBzzEB*~
B00005N9CV|3.0|Diana Krall has a lovely voice, with a wonderfully rich tone quality and impeccable intonation. For all that, The Look of Love is a disappointment. The emotional range Krall expresses goes all the way from A to B--there's no difference in the way she sings Cry Me A River, Besame Mucho, S'Wonderful, or Maybe You'll Be There. It is all emotional deadpan, and the slick arrangements make her sound like Tony Bennett on Prozac after a sex change. As music to make out to, it's perfectly fine, but as a CD to listen to throughout, it's a disaster. It's not that I don't love ballads, but if there's no pain in the songs about loss, no ecstasy in the songs about love, the point is missed.  This one is probably not worth owning, even if she does look lovely in the photos.
068484267X|5.0|This was one of the best books I have ever read.  Even though McCourts life seemed like a never ending hell, the way he writes, he just doesn't seem to be mad at the world.  I also liked how he never made himself out to be the &quot;hero&quot; of the story and included all of his flaws in his story telling. I must say the story is rather depressing, but McCourts wit and sarcasm relieves some of the empathy one would feel for the family. The book also made me realize how much I have and that I should be thankful for my gifts. It truly is a heart warming tale, in which you not only learn about a family's plight, but you also get to watch and learn how a boy grows up inspite of all his hardships and becomes a man.
B00003CY6M|2.0|It's not that it was a bad movie.  It just wasn't that good!  If you've seen the preview u know the movie.  You know the beginning and u know the end the only thing the movie itself tells you is the middle of the story and that's the boring stuff anyways.The only thing I liked about this movie was the actors in it, and some of their previous work.
B00000263T|2.0|No doubt this is a great metal record, the last shinning moment for Accept. Already they were displaying signs of desperation and beginning to soften their sound to please the on going pop-metal scene... Like so many other bands, they changed for the sake of nothing, only losing their identity and gaining almost no new fans.<br />METAL HEART is a very good album, a little below the standars of BALLS TO THE WALL and RESTLESS AND WILD.<br />THe funny thing is, I think, the following: when Accept look back and wonder about the reasons that they did never make it big, they probably conclude there are a lot of them: timing, luck, competition, internal struggles, well, the dozen little details that can doom a band. But the main factor for failure was at their side....\\"singer\\" Udo Dirkschneider.... THe guy owns one of the ugliest voices in metal ever. (Im talking about the kind of traditional metal Accept did, not Death metal or speed metal or trash metal, where there are a lot of \\"screaming\\" singers..) <br />Its so sad to see such talented musicians as guitarrist Wolf Hoffmann and drummer Stefan Kaufmann working side-by-side with this lousy singer... No band could live with that for a long time (ok, Brian Johnson also is a lousy singer, but AC/DC was already famous when he joined - and released the master piece BACK IN BLACK).
B000056K04|3.0|This cd has received much critiscism from the DMB fanbase, in some respects it deserves it, but there are some great songs here...There's no song i don't like at all on this cd.  Tracks that make it stand out are:<br />So Right: This song has so much revelry, it's heavy instrumentals just plain rock.  This song is very feel good and energizing- it's actually one of my favorite DMB songs ever.<br />Space Between: I love this song! Nothing like anything else they've ever done.  This is not a good song for showing of the band's ability, it's(as most of the album is) a highlight of Dave Matthews lyrics and vocals.  I really enjoy it.<br />Everyday: Old school Dave.  This is a good upbeat song like those found on other Dave albums.<br />Dreams of Our Fathers: Very edgy and sing-along-y.  I like it.<br />Those are the standouts but their are all at least decent(I Did It is as bad as it gets... a little annoying, but not too bad).<br />Overall a fun cd to listen to, but it is not a good example of the talent of the Dave Matthews &quot;Band&quot;.  This is more like a solo album because the true talent of the bass player, violinist, saxophonist, and drummer(who are all at the top of their game) is never let loose.  They play the role a studio musician would.  But, I think it's worth a buy and I recommend it.
B00005KARK|5.0|My 1-1/2 year old daughter loves this movie.  The emotion expressed by each animal character is easily identified by her.  One of the few long movies she will sit still through!
B00003CXTG|1.0|This is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. The trouble is that young people watching it will be swept up by the various romantic angles and not realise that it is so factually inadequate. This is not the way it happened, make no mistake.<br />The historical details may not seem important to the average viewer but to anyone who has read anything on the subject it is verging on offensive to put this rubbish on screen. This is how Hollywood can misinform people and the punters who have not read anything about it should not be sacrificed at the altar of box office success. Just because it is not a documentary does not mean the public should be misled.<br />In terms of screenplay, this movie cannot be taken seriously as it does not seem to be able to decide exactly what its plot is. There are elements borrowed from \\"From Here To Eternity\\", \\"Tora, Tora, Tora\\", \\"Battle of Britain\\" and \\"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo\\", none of which it even comes close to emulating.<br />The characterisations are, at best, shallow and, at worst, positively painful and give the cast little in the way of development to work with. Thus their performances cannot be taken as seriously as one would like, especially in the light of some of their individual achievments in past productions. As for direction, there really isn't much.<br />There is much fudging of names; \\"Capt. Thurman\\" of the ONI, for example, is clearly a figment of the scriptwriter's immagination and a product of a total lack of research which would have turned up one \\"Capt. Alvin Kramer\\" had anybody bothered to find out. Dates and events are also copiuosly fudged for no real reason. There were no American pilots in the Battle of Britain and NOBODY used the Luftwaffe for target practice. What you end up with is a comic-book script to replace real American history, thus undermining the dignity and achievements of the participants in the real events. That is an unpardonable sin akin to trivialising.<br />The special effects were poor by comparison with other special effects films and I actually found the attack sequences rather boring. Bomb-cam is getting just a bit too predictable. The flight models are ridiculous and make a WWII Zero fly like an F-16. The \\"fighter-jock\\" mentality got very wearing, too. US pilots did not shoot down Japanese aircraft in droves in the early days; though some met with success. They had to re-write the manual just to survive against the considerably-more-experienced Japanese who had honed their skills after years of fighting in China. It was only after Midway that American pilots started to gain the upper hand.<br />Sending the cast to boot camp and getting the uniforms right cannot make up for the woeful inadequacies of \\"Pearl Harbor\\". This film really cannot be taken seriously and I think it should be sold with a warning. This system won't let me give it a zero so I have to give it an undeserved 1 star. Don't waste your money.
B0000029AP|4.0|Last week I was in The Boiler Room, a boy-dive in the East Village and this great song came on the juke box. I thought to myself, &quot;this band sounds just like Aerosmith.&quot; It was Aerosmith, Toys In The Attic to be exact. It sounded so fresh, I was shocked to find out that it's over 25 years old. I ran out and bought the CD the next day. I love it all, and I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the annoying re-make of Big 10&quot;.
1559942401|5.0|Owl At Home is the only Owl book that Lobel produced.  Composed of five delightful tales, children will be delighted at the antics of owl and his misunderstandings!<br />In the story, The Guest, Owl invites winter into his home with all of her fury!  Snow is everywhere and his pea soup becomes frozen.  Shooing winter out the door, winter closes the door with a bang and Owl settles down once his fire is lit and warmth seeps back into this home.  His soup thaws and Owl is once again contented!<br />Strange Bumps is hysterical as Owl tries to figure out why there are two bumps at the end of his bed, under his covers!  Owls gyrations under the bed and under the covers are guaranteed to bring many laughs!  Owl cannot figure out where they came from or why they will not leave.  He finally settles into his easy chair in front of the fire to get a good nights sleep!<br />Tear-Water Tea is delightful as we see Owl cooking is favorite tear-water tea with his own tears.  He thinks of all the sad things he can, such as mornings nobody saw because everybody was sleeping and pencils that are too short to use.  Filling up his kettle with his tears, he is ready to enjoy his favorite tea!  A tad bit salty for me though.<br />Upstairs and Downstairs depicts Owl running up and down his stairs to check on how the upstairs is doing and how the downstairs is doing.  Owl does this all day long and into the evening and he discovers how tired he is and he cannot be in two places at once!<br />Owl and the Moon is a cute tale of Owl befriending the Moon.  Owl knows that the Moon cannot fit through his door, and it saddens him that the Moon, his friend, cannot come into his house.  Getting ready for bed, Owl notices that Moon is shining outside and has indeed followed him home.  Going to sleep, Owl is no longer sad, as his friend is right outside his door.<br />Another wonderful Lobel, which is sure to delight and please readers young and old alike!  I wish that Lobel had written more books on Owl!!more books on Owl!!
B00003CXS4|4.0|it's an extraordinary movie. But not as good as Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels. It's not the problem of style or characterization (Snatch's characteriaztion was actually better than LSATB), but just some flaws in storyline. Not really flaws, but the storyline not as good as the first one.<BR>Still, an outstanding film.
B00005T30L|2.0|Why was this film praised? I have no idea.<br />The only reason the DVD received 2 stars was for the colors.  The colors captured are great.  That has to do with the costumes and lighting.<br />Other than that avoid purchasing this film.  Don't even rent it.  Watch it on cable for &quot;Doug&quot;, the guy with the mullet.  After he disappears turn off the TV.
B00005JKJA|4.0|I love this movie, but there are no chapters (thats why 4 stars). Maybe they are hidden (like some features in Blue Velvet DVD), so if someone find out how to find them, HELP US :o). Without chapters DVD edition doesn't make sence. So good luck with fast forwarding...
B00002DEIX|5.0|I admire the courage of Joshua Redman. It is not easy being a tenor player in the 90's when your father blew people's brains out with his tenor in the 60's and 70's. It is not easy choosing to play &quot;straight&quot; - and entering into the field held by the likes of Rollins, Gordon, Coltrane, Mobley and others.<br />On &quot;Beyond&quot;, Redman continues to play in the neo-traditional style. His sound reminds me a little bit of Coltrane of the late 50's, but his phrasing is less charismatic. The rhythm section is tight, and the closeness of the musicians to each other is evident.<br />Redman does some experimenting with Eastern sounds - on &quot;Last rites of rock and roll&quot; - he opens with a drone that is obviously influenced by Indian music. On &quot;Leap of faith&quot; both he and Mark Turner start with an Eastern mode. On both tracks the Eastern influence serves more as an opener than as a theme for the whole track.<br />Redman is an interesting composer. I feel that he is getting more &quot;mode oriented&quot; than &quot;chord oriented&quot; on this cd  - which is great by me. All tracks are interesting - my favorite is &quot;Stoic revolutions&quot; which contains super sax playing and tight support from the group. The ballad &quot;Neverend&quot; also stands out for its interesting atmosphere.<br />This CD proves Redman to be an important musician, deeply rooted in Jazz history, and following his own path. The music here was made with great care and ability, and should provide happiness to all those who listen to it.
B000062TU1|5.0|For anyone who has read the Harry Potter Books, this was as true to the book as you could get!  I was not only impressed but found that I can not wait for the second movie to come out!  Bravo to Chris Columbus and J.K. Rowlings!  Beautifully done!<BR>I was excited the entire time and found myself with tears of joy in my eyes at the end!  You have made me a Harry Potter Addict - And I Love It!!  The \\"Feel Good\\" Movie of the Year!!
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is an eye opening book of all genres. I couldn't classify this wonderful story under any category. The tale of a boy in the corrupt world that he lives in reminds me of where our lives are going. Other books by Lois Lowry are good, but this story is the golden age of realistic story telling that I have ever seen.
0345423496|5.0|I was able to pick this book up for a song. Still I would have payed more for it. <BR>For those of you who remember the movie or the book, you will remember when the supercomputer Hal killed the astronaut that was the crewman with Dave Bowman. This book starts out with a comet mining vessel being called to investigate a mysterious radar contact. They grumble about it: they have work to do. But they go any way and find something that at first they think is space debris, about two meters(six feet, roughly) long until they see it. It is the frozen body of Frank Poole and they(the doctors at the time) are able to repair and resurrect him with medical science.....<BR>Mr. Clarke proceeds to tell a realistic tale of how a man who saw the beginning of the Third Millenium would react if he were suddenly transported to witness it's end. The story is mostly consistent with the rest of the storyline (I have not encountered 2061: Third Odyssey yet)and all the fiction he uses has some basis in fact(not surprising: We are talking about Mr. Arthur C. Clarke)and the story moves quickly. How he looked at religions in this book was somewhat harsh, but that was the storyline and it fit very consistently. There were only two minor points that seemed to not fit: he mentioned a date were Poole was born that seemed to be 1996, which was inconsistent if I read it correctly, and I do not think that an American Astronaut lost in the year 2001 would have such an easy time thinking in metrics, and not think in miles or inches at all. Given the time frame from the first authoring of this story to the authoring of this one, such small inconsistencies are readily forgiveable.
B00005RDSM|4.0|This is a classic Disney, from a story filled with magic that appeals to all ages. My three year olds watch it over and over, and love to read the story too.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Ok alot of fans are complaining about this and I must admit a lot of the songs here arent beatles best. But if you read the cover it says #1. What does that mean. Yes it is not exactly a greatest hits package but a compilation of the the beatles hits which reached #1. And the hardcore fans shouldnt have bought nor listened to it if they didnt like it because you can read what songs are on the album. <br />I must admit this is in a way some disapointment. But why released probably the 10th greatest hits package. I say this is indeed a great album for those who want to start listen to the Beatles and then buy the other blue and red albums and then the real albums with new material. <br />But there are songs here that are not good and if you are an alternative fan and dont like those innocent pop/rock songs of the 60s I suggest you buy their 2nd greatest hits the blue album or some of their albums of new material released after Rubber Soul. Thanx
B00005V9HH|5.0|I really loved this roller coaster movie!  I like the deleted scenes and all that this new DVD has to offer!  I am so glad they rereleased the movie!
B000002UAU|5.0|Wow. This may not be their greatest album but it is indeed one of their best. The entire album is a joy ride to the fullest. Containing 13 excellent songs no filler at all a 40 minute album that you can pop into your cd player and just listened to it all the way to the end. <br />The title track. A great opening to the album (10/10)<br />A little help with my friends. Beautiful (10/10)<br />Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds. A Controversial track (10/10)<br />Getting Better. A great track if you are on a bad mood (10/10)<br />Fixing A Hole. Well my least favourite (7/10)<br />Shes Leaving Home. If you listens to it for the first time you cant get it out of your head (10/10)<br />Being for the benefit of Mr. Kite: Oh (10/10)<br />Within Or Without You. Yes a faboulous track. One of the best (10/10)<br />and the rest is great too. If you want to buy this album. Please Do So. The Blocket is nice too.
B00005V1Z0|4.0|Jolie is such a great actress. She is so damn fine and those <BR>lips!! Okay on with the movie: The movie is a great action pack <BR>film and you do not have to play the games to understand the <BR>movie. I heard that she has signed up to do TR2 and I can't wait.
B000001Y2U|4.0|I am not a Marilyn Manson fan. But I think a lot of people who are not his fans own at least one album by him. Why. Well the reason is this. He does bring something into our culture which is interresting and makes us want to go one day into a record shop and pick up a cd with Marilyn Manson. And that is what Antichrist Superstar did. After this album a group of people (at least in my country began dressing in goth clothes and some of them dressing up like Marilyn Manson and they began calling themselves The Marilyn Manson gang). They walked around Reykjavk at lest about 100 people were in the group and not many people live in Icealand and walked around stores and shops and many kids as well as adults gave them a hard eye. Well today this group has resolved. A lot of the kids who were in it probably were so embarresed they quit and the other people too. Now they just listen to his music. <br />This album containes the smash single The Beautiful People and a lot of other songs here which deals with some way religios and controversial issues. But I heard that this album is not as dark as the bands previous A Portrait of An American Family. But this one is heavier. <br />But I dont like Marilyn Manson now. He has become a little bit a sellout. Becoming a lot more mainstream than he was and showing more often on MTV. I dont Like it. After Mechnical Animals grew less popular than this album (at least in Europe). The band  released their 4th album Holy Wood. It worked in a way but not entirely. I say that he needs to go more into an album like his previous work. Thank you.
0451163532|3.0|The first part of the book is very interesting, how two people get arrested in Iran an the company owner (Ross Perot) make the dream team to take them out of jail, but when they are out and they trying to escape it gets boring and boring, you can read it but don't expect much of it.
0451450523|5.0|I first read this book at age 8 and was thoroughly captivated by it at first on the level of a great adventure story.  But the seemingly simple fairytale holds a great many truths on the importance of love, magic and the power of belief.  I've since reread this book countless times, each time finding a new insight.  The characters are intensely human, including Schmendrick, a magician whose magic comes and goes (never with predictable results), Molly Grue, a woman whose dreary life with a group of unlegendary outlaws has not dampened her belief in all things magical, and the unicorn herself, who lives in a sweetly arrogant shell, apart from the human characters she travels with-- until a desperate act of magic puts her on their level.  The story, which begins as a basic quest yarn (the last unicorn searching for the fate of the others), metamorphoses into a greater tale, one which truly holds depths of meaning for anyone who reads it.  I can't recommend it enough.
0783226063|3.0|Unfortunately a gem of a book like Frank Herbert's Dune has so many layers of complexity that a movie will never reach the high levels that the book has achieved.  A movie can never capture the grandeur and epic scope of such a brilliant work of fiction.  The 1984 production of \\"Dune\\" is no exception.  Even the complexity of Frank Herbert's award winning novel is difficult to convey in a movie.  In short, the plot revolves around the house of Atreides being sent by the Emperor of the Universe to the desolate planet of Arrakis (Dune) to take over rule from the house of Harkonnen.  But rather than this leading to the destruction of the house of Atreides as originally planned, the Messianic figure of Paul Atreides leads the native Fremen to victory over the evil emperor and the Baron Harkonnen.  Viewers not familiar with the book will find the plot complex and confusing, but fans of the book will find the movie an excellent summary of the book's plot.  This is probably the movie's greatest strength.<br />For the rest, the movie fails to live up to the epic grandeur of the book.  The scenery is hardly stunning, featuring many brown and ugly wooden sets in true 80s style.  The Harkonnens are depicted as ugly - the baron being the worst of the lot.  The movie conveys a strong sense of horrifying evil whenever the Harkonnens make an appearance - they are led by the passions of greed for sex and money and they look it too.  These men are just plain evil and sadist, resulting in some very frightening scenes and ideas.  There are not that many special effects, aside from some breath-taking pyrotechnics in the final scenes of battle.  Some special effects are certainly effective in lending authenticity to Herbert's science fiction creation, such as the blue eyes of the Fremen. But mostly this movie isn't about special effects.<br />In the end, the complexity will likely make viewers entirely unfamiliar to the novel Dune find this to be an incomprehensible and unsatisfying movie that may even turn them away from the book.  Please no!  Viewers would be well warned not to watch the movie before reading the book.  Not only will that enable you to make sense of the plot, but it will expose you to the real reason why Frank Herbert's Dune is so famous, because of its depth of philosophical themes revolving around ecology, politics and religion.  Any movie cannot possibly do these themes justice, and this is far from a good effort to do so (Peter Jackson's Fellowship of the Ring was far more successful in bringing the complexity of Tolkien's fantasy world to the silver screen).  It should be noted that the 1984 theatrical version was apparently 50 minutes shorter than the version originally intended by the director (137 instead of 189 minutes), so the extended version released in 1988 may be the version to watch if you have a choice between the two. As a stand-alone, the movie is a failure.  But fans of the book will want to watch it at least once, if only for a helpful reminder of the plot.  As a companion to a great book, it's well worth a look.e that may even turn them away from the book.  Please no!  Viewers would be well warned not to watch the movie before reading the book.  Not only will that enable you to make sense of the plot, but it will expose you to the real reason why Frank Herbert's Dune is so famous, because of its depth of philosophical themes revolving around ecology, politics and religion.  Any movie cannot possibly do these themes justice, and this is far from a good effort to do so (Peter Jackson's Fellowship of the Ring was far more successful in bringing the complexity of Tolkien's fantasy world to the silver screen).  It should be noted that the 1984 theatrical version was apparently 50 minutes shorter than the version originally intended by the director (137 instead of 189 minutes), so the extended version released in 1988 may be the version to watch if you have a choice between the two. As a stand-alone, the movie is a failure.  But fans of the book will want to watch it at least once, if only for a helpful reminder of the plot.  As a companion to a great book, it's well worth a look.
B00005JKBC|5.0|There are very few Movies that I really admire as Complete Motion Picture Experience... like:<BR>Lawrence of Arabia, The English Patient, Saving Private Ryan etc:- and surely the only movie last year in my opinion that was complete in every aspect was the master piece namely Spy Game... The musical score is excellent,aerial photography is technically amazing, locations are great and above all the theme and the acting makes this movie a must keep item......
6305558167|2.0|As an ardent and well-read fan of the legends about King Arthur, I looked forward to watching this movie because it came with glowing credential of being the best retelling of the Arthurian legends.  I was very disappointed.  Certainly the main lines of the Arthurian legends of Malory are there - the sword in the stone, Arthur's rise and fall, the wizard Merlin and the sorceress Morgana, Lancelot's affection for Queen Guinevere, the arrival of Percival, and the quest for the holy grail.  That's the good part.<br /><br />Now for the bad part.  The producer has woven these aspects together in a way that departs from the original legend (for instance, he suggests a different origin for the round table).  Arthur is presented as arrogant and at times foolish, and his pride and rage are more dominant than his virtues.  Merlin and Morgana are presented as fellow necromancers, and Merlin in particular is presented as a very dark figure with dark magic.  Unlike the original legends, where the lines between good and evil are very distinct, the lines are blurred: The movie serves up a darker Arthur and Merlin and a brighter Morgana than Malory.  In the original legend, the notion of the grail is completely religious, but the Christian symbolism of the grail which dominates in Malory is clinically excised from the movie, and replaced with the dominance of Merlin's sinister dark magic and his dragon.  The charming chivalry and virtues of Malory's knights are largely absent.<br /><br />In the end, the brightness of Arthur's kingdom and his virtuous knights has been exchanged for a more realistic picture and dark magic.  The costumes look like space-suits, and the size of Arthur's army and his battles lacks the scope and grandeur of the original tales.  Although the language is decent, the gratuitous violence and sex which gave the movie its R rating are not described as graphically in the original legends as they are portrayed in the movie.  Of course, if you enjoy all of this, it's great.  But if you're looking for something that captures the essence and glory of the original legends, you'll be sadly disappointed. Despite its high billing, true fans of the Arthurian legends will probably want to give this one a miss. - GODLY GADFLYt's great.  But if you're looking for something that captures the essence and glory of the original legends, you'll be sadly disappointed. Despite its high billing, true fans of the Arthurian legends will probably want to give this one a miss. - GODLY GADFLY
6305342776|4.0|...that V.I.N.C.E.N.T. (who, as most people here have noted, is about the cutest robot since that little bugger from STAR WARS) looks a LOT like Eric Cartman of South Park fame?  Wonder if Matt Stone and Trey Parker planned that...?<br />In any case, I like this movie.  I just finished watching it and I have to say that though it scared the bejeezus out of me as a child (and is probably the flashpoint of my panic disorder..).  I mean, really!  It was a children's movie that had corpses spring up from the bottom of the screen, glimpses of Heaven and Hell, and the isolation of being flung to the far side of the universe (presumably) away from everything one has ever known.  That's a lot foe a kid to take in..  especially from a Disney movie.  After this &quot;Altered Staes&quot; seemed tame.<br />I view The Black Hole as a sort of homage (pronounced &quot;OHM-ahzh&quot; in the snooty French way) to classic Space Operas such as 2001 (which as great as it is, it's also one of the most elongated, boring movies ever made), Space: 1999, and Forbidden Planet.  The Black Hole draws from the dated costuming, awkward (yet, at the time, trendy) &quot;space&quot; vocabulary, archetypal characterization (which does encompass wooden acting and somewhat trance-like line delivery) high-tech weaponry and robots-as-sentient-personalities that made the Space Operas a lasting American Institution.  Yay.<br />I don't understand the ending at all..  I'm not sure anyone does,  but it certainly plays along with the rest of the movie - philosophical quotes (don't you LOVE V.I.N.C.E.N.T.??  He's like the best part of the movie!), footnotes, scientific (and somewhat fantastical) theories and dropped plots (just what was that &quot;Protect me from Maximillian&quot; line all about?).  Yum!<br />All-in-all, The Black Hole is classic sci-fi stuff - confused, bizzare, lacking plot goals all considered - I will watch it again and again.
0385505833|4.0|In modern America, Christmas suffers from an overdose of materialism and sentimentalism.  At least, that's what Luther and Lora Krank conclude, and so they decide to skip Christmas for a year, and go on a Caribbean cruise instead.  But while skipping the mayhem of crowded malls and credit card debts has much going for it, skipping Christmas turns out to be more difficult than planned.  Luther and Lora fend off all challenges to their plan of skipping Christmas, until an unexpected twist forces them to make a final choice between their Caribbean getaway and the usual Christmas tradition.  The story doesn't have the depth and complexity of a usual Grisham thriller.  But Grisham is a gifted storyteller in whatever he writes, and this is no exception.  It's a story filled with warm humor and even suspense.<br />But especially insightful is the critical look at the traditional Christmas celebration.  Perhaps Luther and Lora's observations are quite appropriate: for most people Christmas really has become too hectic, too hedonistic, not to mention too expensive.  Yes it's full of cliches in every sense, but legitimately so - these cliches about the Christmas season contain a great deal of truth, and give much reason for self-examination!  It seemed to be a shame that these insightful and accurate observations appear to be reversed in the conclusion with a return to Christmas sentimentalism.  Yet perhaps Grisham is suggesting that we shouldn't throw the baby out with the bathwater - while an American Christmas has much that deserves criticism, something of the sentimentalism would be a shame to give up.  So if skipping Christmas isn't quite the answer, perhaps we do need to have a good hard look at our traditions.  Even if we keep the baby, we do need to throw out some bathwater.  This thought-provoking novel forces us to re-examine our holiday traditions, and entertains us at the same time.  And if you're not planning on skipping Christmas, it would also make an excellent gift...gift...
0020442203|5.0|When four English siblings (Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy) are sent to the country to avoid the air raids in London, they find a secret passageway in a wardrobe that leads them to an imaginary land called Narnia. Here the four young children meet a few interesting characters: Tumnus the Faun, a half-goat/half-man that befriends Lucy when she's lost; the Beaver family who help the children elude the White Witch and her dangerous allies; and, lastly, the White Witch herself, who has laid claim over Narnia with her year-round winter spell and her self-proclaimed title: \\"Queen of Narnia\\". She is also the one who lures Edmund to her side with endless supplies of Turkish Delight and subtle hints of him becoming King.<br />During their adventures, the four children ultimately meet Aslan, the rightful king of Narnia who has returned, at last, to reclaim his land from the evil queen. Together they--along with the help of several other mystical beings--aim to defeat the White Witch and return Narnia to its original state and ownership.<br />After reading \\"The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe\\", you'll definitely want to read the following books in this series: \\"Prince Caspian\\" (#2), \\"The Voyage of the 'Dawn Treader'\\" (#3), \\"The Silver Chair\\" (#4), \\"The Horse and His Boy\\" (#5), \\"The Magician's Nephew\\" (#6), and \\"The Last Battle\\" (#7). Although \\"The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe\\" is geared for children age 8 to 12, I consider it appropriate for all ages and encourage everyone to read it.<br />I received the entire Narnia collection from one of my aunts when I was a kid, either for my birthday or some other holiday--I don't remember. Anyway, this book/series has been one of my all-time favorites ever since. It's a wonderful fantasy meant for children, but will inspire adults as well. Highly recommended. It also makes a wonderful gift. ;)<br />There are some Christian undertones in this book, such as the terms \\"Daughter of Eve\\" and \\"Son of Adam\\" for humans in Narnia, as well as Aslan's sacrifice for Edmund; however, I don't really regard The Chronicles of Narnia as a religious series. You can expect a wholesome story, but not to worry--it isn't preachy or overly self-righteous.<br />Several years after it was published, \\"The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe\\" was made into a TV series in the late 60s, which I never saw because I wasn't born yet. Plus it only aired in the UK. About ten years later, in 1979 (the year I was born), a cartoon movie was made, but I didn't see that one either. The only movie I vaguely recall watching was the 1988 movie starring Richard Dempsey, Sophie Cook, Jonathan R. Scott, and Sophie Wilcox. I remember that even then I wasn't too impressed with it, not as much as I was with the book.<br />So, for those who love children's fantasies, or are just C. S. Lewis fans, then I highly recommend this book and series. It's well worth your time.
B00005QCVY|5.0|Your life doesn't seem so wonderful?  Suffering from depression?  Then here's a pill to swallow: watch Frank Capra's \\"It's a Wonderful Life\\".  It's guaranteed to do you some good.<br />The screenplay of It's a Wonderful Life originated with a Christmas card short story called \\"The Greatest Gift\\" by Philip Van Doren Stern.  It revolves around the life of George Bailey, an ordinary man who falls in love, gets married, has a family, and unselfishly works hard to support his family and local community.  Deep down George has the itch to escape the chains of the small town atmosphere of Bedford Falls and the family business.  He longs to travel the world in search of adventure, and has visions of constructing grand buildings.  His dreams however are anchored by reality: He feels morally bound to honor his commitments to his family and the family business \\"Bailey Building and Loan\\".  The first three quarters of the movie slowly builds up atmosphere, as we come to understand George Bailey's character and outlook on life.<br />It is only towards the very end that the moment of crisis comes: On the eve of Christmas, precisely as a bank inspector is on the scene, a huge sum of money is lost by the bank, and George's entire business is threatened.  At this point the lengthy build-up bears rich fruits: as viewers we are now in a position to understand the incredible and painful frustration George feels.  We share the hurt and disillusionment of this broken man as he snaps at his family and loved ones, and tears well up as his uncomprehending children pray desperately for their father.  It is the slow build up that enables us to share his and their emotions of grief, sorrow, pain and frustration.<br />When George is at the end of his road, he selfishly considers suicide.  At this point heaven answers the prayers of his family by sending a guardian angel second class (AS2) named Clarence to help George renew his perspective on life.  When George in his depressed state is convinced that the world would have been better off without him, the angel offers him \\"a chance to see what the world would be like without you.\\"  His magical heavenly touch transforms the world to the place it would have been without George Bailey's touch, so that George can discover that \\"each man's life touches so many other lives.\\"<br />The religious aspect is not convincing: Bailey receives divine aid even though he professes himself not to be a religious man, whereas the Bible portrays heavenly help as a gift for believers.  The notion of a guardian angel as presented in the movie is especially weak, particularly because of the way it often functions for comic relief in a rather trite and disrespectful manner.  Spiritual matters hardly receive the serious treatment they deserve.  In the end, religion (represented by the guardian angel) functions more as a backdrop and literary device to examine a serious perspective on life.  It's a flimsy and unconvincing backdrop, but the matters that the guardian angel as a literary device serves to reflect on are serious indeed.  By being given the opportunity to imagine he had not existed, George Bailey is confronted with the value of life, even a hard and difficult life, and learns that every person can make a difference.  As George reflects on all his blessings, and the impact he has been able to have on people's lives, he comes to the conviction \\"I want to live again.\\"  Clarence reinforces George's desire to live:  \\"You see, George, you really had a wonderful life.  Don't you think it's a mistake to throw it away?\\"  Life is valuable particularly when it is used in selflessness (represented by Bailey) and not in selfishness (represented by Potter).  When serving others instead of mammon, life is tremendously valuable, even though it may be hard.<br />Though religion is outwardly present in the form of the guardian angel, this affirmation of the value of human life has been stripped of any religious notions.  And yet this self-reflection is itself a very religious one.  It is too bad that the movie succumbs to the need to have a feel-good ending where George overcomes his troubles, because it results in a overly sentimental feel-good Christmas without the Christ-child.  In that sense the movie falls short by not being sufficiently religious.  The reality is that the lives of most viewers do not receive the magical solution that George receives, and that their troubles are ongoing - and only the gospel gives life a wonderful significance in the midst of ongoing troubles.  By providing an overly sweet ending, the theme of \\"do good to others\\" is unchained from the gospel, and an opportunity was lost to convey a message even more profound.<br />But even so, the message conveyed is still profound and enduring: Life is wonderful, particularly when it is lived in selflessness for others.  We might not all touch as many lives as George does, but we can all have a tremendous impact in the lives of others.  Unlike so many contemporary movies, It's a Wonderful Life does not promote materialism, greed or immorality, but shows the joys and rewards of a simple and self-less life with family and friends.  The concept is brilliant, and we are left to reflect for ourselves what the lives of our family and friends would be like without our touch.  Not only does this movie provide enduring and powerful themes affirming the value of marriage, family and self-less human life, but it does so with warm humor and touching romance.  Most importantly there is powerful emotion and lasting quality that has the capacity to renew your perspective on your own life.  What more could you ask for?  Few movies are worth watching more than once, but this is certainly one of them! You only live once, but watching this movie once or more might just improve that life you only have the opportunity to live once.flection is itself a very religious one.  It is too bad that the movie succumbs to the need to have a feel-good ending where George overcomes his troubles, because it results in a overly sentimental feel-good Christmas without the Christ-child.  In that sense the movie falls short by not being sufficiently religious.  The reality is that the lives of most viewers do not receive the magical solution that George receives, and that their troubles are ongoing - and only the gospel gives life a wonderful significance in the midst of ongoing troubles.  By providing an overly sweet ending, the theme of \\"do good to others\\" is unchained from the gospel, and an opportunity was lost to convey a message even more profound.<br />But even so, the message conveyed is still profound and enduring: Life is wonderful, particularly when it is lived in selflessness for others.  We might not all touch as many lives as George does, but we can all have a tremendous impact in the lives of others.  Unlike so many contemporary movies, It's a Wonderful Life does not promote materialism, greed or immorality, but shows the joys and rewards of a simple and self-less life with family and friends.  The concept is brilliant, and we are left to reflect for ourselves what the lives of our family and friends would be like without our touch.  Not only does this movie provide enduring and powerful themes affirming the value of marriage, family and self-less human life, but it does so with warm humor and touching romance.  Most importantly there is powerful emotion and lasting quality that has the capacity to renew your perspective on your own life.  What more could you ask for?  Few movies are worth watching more than once, but this is certainly one of them! You only live once, but watching this movie once or more might just improve that life you only have the opportunity to live once.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a story about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community that is guided by rituals and rules. There are very few choices to make because the major decisions of each person's life are made by a committee. When Jonas turns twelve, he is told that he will have the most important role in the community: he will be The Reciever of Memories. This is a job unlike all other jobs in the community, because The Reciever is the only person in the community who knows the truth about the outside world and understands true pleasure and pain.<br />I first read this book when I was in 7th grade. I enjoyed it so much that I decided to reread it as an adult, and I loved it just as much the second time. The characters in this novel are great, and the idea of a Community where there are no choices is fascinating. I would recommend this book to anyone, child or adult.
0790749815|4.0|Imagine you're a businessman abducted by the Soviets because you're thought to be an American secret agent.  This nightmare is exactly what happens to Manhattan advertising executive Roger Thornhill (acted by Cary Grant).  Once he is mistaken for the spy George Kaplan, the action never lets up.  Thornhill is thoroughly perplexed, and even his mother thinks his story is completely disbelievable: \\"I think I'd like to meet these killers.\\"  But the Soviets, led by Phillip Vandamm (James Mason), really are killers because they are convinced that Thornhill is about to expose them.  As it turns out, secret agent George Caplan, the man whom the Soviets mistake Thornhill to be, is a fictional creation of the Americans to take the heat off their real secret agent.  And so the Americans are eager to convince Thornhill to continue the charade, life-threatening as it is.  Along the way, Thornhill gets involved with the beautiful Eve Kendall (Eva Marie Saint).  Or is she a Russian spy herself?  Or perhaps a counter-spy?  It is this combination of romance and intrigue that sets the tone for the rest of the movie.<br />Personally I found the romance rather overdone, particularly the extended and passionate kisses.  Although there is the implied suggestion that the two spend the night together (the trivilization of both casual sex and divorce is a remarkable laxity in morals that was very bold for 1959!), thankfully we are spared any footage more intimate than the kissing.  Thornhill & Kendall's mutual feelings of \\"love\\" are pure infatuation based on physical attraction at first sight.  The mention of making love in the first minute of their first conversation is rather absurd and certainly outrageous at the time of production.  Nonetheless, these \\"offensive\\" elements are rather tame alongside what most modern movies deliver.  And they are not the focus of attention, since it is really the suspense of the espionage and intrigue that carries the plot and the drama.<br />Of course there are many espionage movies with wonderful suspense.  But Hitchcock's 1959 production delivers suspense without extensive violence, profanity and sex.  The focus is on the suspense and intrigue with numerous plot twists, accompanied throughout by wonderfully dry humor (For instance, Thornhill expressing his reluctance to participate in a charade that could threaten his life: \\"I have two ex-wives, a mother and several bartenders depending on me!  They would be most disappointed if I got slightly killed.\\")  There is beautiful scenery and filming throughout - the memorable cinematography of the crop duster attack and the final chase scenes on the faces at Mount Rushmore is superb!  Unlike most modern thrillers, there are times where the action is slow, such as when Thornhill waits alone alongside a desolate road in the middle of nowhere - effectively building up suspense and tension all the more.  As far as cold-war thrillers go, this is a worthy classic of the genre!  Hitchcock serves up delightful humor, spine-tingling suspense, and delightful cinematography, without marring it with much of the moral filth that pollutes contemporary movies.  It's one of the master Hitchcock's best, and is certainly worth a look.re are many espionage movies with wonderful suspense.  But Hitchcock's 1959 production delivers suspense without extensive violence, profanity and sex.  The focus is on the suspense and intrigue with numerous plot twists, accompanied throughout by wonderfully dry humor (For instance, Thornhill expressing his reluctance to participate in a charade that could threaten his life: \\"I have two ex-wives, a mother and several bartenders depending on me!  They would be most disappointed if I got slightly killed.\\")  There is beautiful scenery and filming throughout - the memorable cinematography of the crop duster attack and the final chase scenes on the faces at Mount Rushmore is superb!  Unlike most modern thrillers, there are times where the action is slow, such as when Thornhill waits alone alongside a desolate road in the middle of nowhere - effectively building up suspense and tension all the more.  As far as cold-war thrillers go, this is a worthy classic of the genre!  Hitchcock serves up delightful humor, spine-tingling suspense, and delightful cinematography, without marring it with much of the moral filth that pollutes contemporary movies.  It's one of the master Hitchcock's best, and is certainly worth a look.
6304696515|5.0|DANGEROUS LIAISONS is a fantastic character study of the twisted and obsessed.  The classic novel translates perfectly to the screen in this adaptation by Christopher Hampton which was taken from his acclaimed stage play.<br />Glenn Close is mesmerising as the seductive and manipulative woman who challenges the cruel Valmont (John Malkovich) to seduce her naive niece (Uma Thurman).  However, Valmont also wishes to seduce and disgrace a remote beauty (Michelle Pfeiffer), totally uncaring and unaware of the tragic outcome that will envelope them both.<br />The stellar cast also includes Keanu Reeves (THE MATRIX, PARENTHOOD), Swoosie Kurtz (LITTLE GIRLS IN PRETTY BOXES, REALITY BITES) and veteran Mildred Natwick (THE TROUBLE WITH HARRY).<br />The DVD transfer is gorgeous and has a dynamic 5.1 sound mix that shows off the beautifully dramatic score by George Fenton.<br />Remade as VALMONT (starring Colin Firth and Fairuza Balk) and CRUEL INTENTIONS (starring Ryan Phillippe).
B00000DLVA|5.0|The Cardigans have changed from the innocent, thought-provoking image they were so popular for. Instead, they have altered themselves into a grand alternative band. This collection of songs known as &quot;Gran Turismo&quot; is an intense album, ranging from songs that are calm and serene to power-driven melodies that will get one up dancing. This album would be great for a long road trip or the background during a walk along the ocean at night. Nina Persson wrote most all of the melodies. Her jagged, yet sweet voice adds the final touch to her incandescant lyrics. Every song is meaningful, but the ones that stand out are &quot;My Favourite Game,&quot; &quot;Erase/Rewind,&quot; &quot;Junk of the Hearts,&quot; and &quot;Explode.&quot;
B000056HUA|2.0|I have to say that I am a little disappointed with this disc. L.A. Woman is perhaps the best of the Doors albums but the DVD-Audio is not very well done. After being totally blown away by other DVD-A discs ( The Eagles Hotel California, America Homecoming to name a couple) this one is kind of a dud. The surround is very artificial sounding or even nonexistant in places.<BR>There is no real advantage to owning the DVD-A disc over the cd.
B000002AVF|5.0|Mariah Carey slammed the charts with this album. Upon release, it went straight to number one for 10 weeks and spawned 4 number one hits, &quot;Fantasy,&quot; &quot;Fantasy Remix,&quot; &quot;One Sweet Day,&quot; and &quot;Always Be My Baby.&quot; Other singles include &quot;Forever&quot; and &quot;Underneath The Stars.&quot; Her seven-octave vocal range is on full display and like every Mariah Carey album, every song is written/co-written and produced by her. The one thing that may not be realized about her is that she has full participation in her music. The album includes appearances by Boyz II Men and Puff Daddy, with backups by Kelly Price and Trey Lorenz.
078322334X|5.0|While it's not as good as the original film in the series, it miles better than part 3 for the sheer fact that it's done with some class and some sheer excitement. Jeff Goldblum is always a joy to watch, and he almost alone makes this sequel as fun as the original, let's not forget those fantastic special effect that literally gives us the moneys worth.<br />Check it out.
B0000028VT|5.0|Mariah Carey's 4th album, (3rd studio album), is probably one of her greatest. This 10 million selling album is a collection of songs that range from fun-love to heart-felt ballads. Her incredible vocal range is the highlight of songs like &quot;Dreamlover&quot; and &quot;Hero.&quot; (both of which went to number 1 on the charts) Other singles from this album are &quot;Without You,&quot; &quot;Anytime You Need A Friend,&quot; and &quot;Never Forget You.&quot; This and her 1997 album Butterfly are her finest. Add this to any music collection and you won't be dissapointed!
0679777547|3.0|I was struck by Arturo Perez-Reverte's capacity for juggling story lines that move in and out of each other so constantly within _The Club Dumas_.  As Lucas Corso attempts to fulfill his role as a book detective and mercenary he is called upon to establish and understand the link that brings several of his cases and clients together, connecting them finally with the devil himself.  It seems, however, that Perez-Reverte is caught between the desire to be the author of high literature and thrill associated with good detective fiction.  With this confused desire comes a hyper-awareness of the role of literature within literature.  This awareness introduces a literary level not common in mystery texts.  Though this is a style which may appeal to the sensitive disciple of art and literature, it also has the potential to take away from the joys of attempting to simply understand and unravel the mystery at hand.  The allusions, though sometimes relevant and always well chosen, detract from the reader's ability to savor the pleasure of identifying the source of evil and the enjoyment of assuming the persona of the character employed to destroy it.
B00005OAIE|5.0|Having ground to a halt with my music and very little out there to keep me going, i stumbled over this absolute GEM.<BR>Put it in the car, in the living room have it in every room.<BR>I was singing this in no time and can't put the thing down. <BR>Clever lyrics, foot tapping tunes, and a few to howl in the bath. Quite simply, &quot;you cannot fault it !&quot;.
B00003CXA4|5.0|What can you say about such a great man.  The only time in human history where a nonviolent \\"war\\" of this magnatude has been waged against it's oppressors.  Not only that, but he succeeded in winning the struggle when the english finnally realized that their violent agression towards the Indians in exchange for their nonviolent resistance was an inhumane act.  Gandhi has shown us proof, by gaining India it's independence, that compassion can conquir corruption and right can defeat might.
0823003035|5.0|Ryder is one talented guy. The reproductions in this volume are testament to his talent and are worth the price of the book alone. But you get much more than that with very well thought out lessons and how to's on figure drawing.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|It is rare to see a film which can truly be called unique.  This is one of the few.  The entire movie is backwards.  No the people don't walk and talk in reverse...darn it you just have to see it to understand.  Just when you think it's a great movie it gets better.
B00004XONN|4.0|\\"Kid A\\" features a refreshing, dream-like aura that turns pop music inside out. It's a gripping record where the sounds stray but the formula is tight. There's a warm melody but a cold feel to the spot-on opener, \\"Everything in its Right Place,\\" a song that somehow comes off as reassuring. The title track, \\"Kid A,\\" keeps the lulling, gentle vibe going, with a vibraphone keyboard sound and hopped-up drums. The vocals are robotic, indeciperable. The song \\"Kid A\\" also features a dreamy synth at the end that contains a faraway quality -- like most of the album.<br /><br />With its throbbing bass and hearty drums, \\"The National Anthem\\" is the album's only semi-rocker. After that it's back to dreamland, as \\"Kid A\\" returns to its signature ethereal sound, a sound that could easily put listeners in a trance. Radiohead understand how to meld tunes together, one after the next. Interestingly, though, if you skip from song to song on your CD player, they sound as if they're an entity unto themselves, not connected to their predecessors. Yet, when listening to \\"Kid A\\" uninterrupted, there's a definite sense of flowing between songs.<br /><br />Lyrically, \\"How to Disappear Forever\\" bleeds feelings of isolation and displays a sense of not belonging, while the vocals and music contain a surprisingly organic feel, at least compared to the album's earlier songs. \\"Treefingers\\" is a beautiful segway before \\"Optimistic,\\" a simple, keyboard-laden song that doesn't really go anywhere, nor should it. Its  lulling sound is perfect for daydreaming, nightdreaming or simply falling asleep.<br /><br />The pretty \\"In Limbo\\" opens up for the horrible \\"Idioteque,\\" the record's only true mistake. \\"Idioteque\\" is as cold, remote and emotionally distant as a song can be -- no different from club music, to be honest. The vocals are annoying, the drum machine absurdly synthetic and the overall sound extremely tuneless. Luckily, the stunning \\"Morning Bell\\" comes next; it's a song as heartfelt as \\"Idioteque\\" is processed, probably the goal of Radiohead when putting the songs side by side.<br /><br />Watch for the hidden track at the end, which defines the cinematic feel of the entire album. Radiohead's music can sometimes be hit or miss; on \\"Kid A,\\" they score a definite hit.bably the goal of Radiohead when putting the songs side by side.    Watch for the hidden track at the end, which defines the cinematic feel of the entire album. Radiohead's music can sometimes be hit or miss; on \\"Kid A,\\" they score a definite hit.
B00000K2W1|4.0|It's painful to admit that back when this album was first released, I wondered what all the fuss was about Janis Joplin live, thanks solely to the Full Tilt version of \\"Ball and Chain\\" featured here.<br />It's a shame that an inferior version of the song that catapulted Janis into superstardom was chosen for this posthumous collection of Joplin classics. It is truly unrepresentative of the greatness she and Big Brother and the Holding Company achieved with this epic blues/rock classic. It's also a disservice to Big Brother, the most unjustly maligned band of the rock era, to highlight another band's paultry performance of \\"Ball and Chain\\" rather than the definitive Cheap Thrills version recorded live at Winterland in 1968, or the actual Monterey Pop performance that launched Janis's rise to fame in 1967. And no one can match James Gurley's incredible guitar work on \\"Ball and Chain,\\" seething with unbridled drama and emotion.<br />It's too damn bad, because this Full Tilt version, inferior in every way, has been misleading potential fans for decades now, which is why the Greatest Hits album does not serve to advance Janis' musical legacy as it should. Try the 18 Essential CD instead, or better yet, get the Box of Pearls or 3-CD boxed set.
B000001GXJ|5.0|Right from the amazingly beautiful opening right to the end, this is masculine, sombre, wonderful music. <br />On Iclassics.com,  I read a review of a recording by Placido Domingo containing all the tenor arias  from all of the 28 Verdi operas. Funnily enough, it said: \\"It has been said that Verdi did not write his best music for the tenor voice, but rather for baritone (baritones have the title roles in Rigoletto, Macbeth, Nabucco, and Simon Boccanegra)\\".<br />I happen to agree with that opinion.<br />If you, like me, is not the biggest Verdi fan on earth, please listen to this recording. Maybe it'll change your mind.
B0000025T6|4.0|This is must have for all Bruce fans and for all who Love musical artistry.<BR>These songs are more like poems with some guitar and harmonica blended with the nuisances of Bruce's voice. It's all eloquent and uniquely Springsteen but his roots, influences and preferences for ballads with an all American storytelling rock thread come through. There some Guthrie, some Dylan and some Hank Williams influences in there and something that is above them and is purely and magically Bruce. This album just takes you along for a ride across a stark and earthy landscape. Everything in these tracks is intentional. Lyrics shape the tempo and hard sounds are placed where a rhyming word could have easily fit. Bruce didn't write these songs because they sounded nice or to gain recognition. They were just in him and they had to get out. He took some unique experiences of the world around him and some very personal stuff rolled it all around through his soul and his music gave it voice. These are timeless pieces.<BR>By some beer sit back with a friend and get Wowed by these tracks.
B00003CXXP|1.0|This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen.  It's amazing to me how anyone could stay awake for the entire film.  Please do yourself a favor and pass on this one.  There are so many other things one could do with 2 hours than watch this movie.
6303471714|5.0|I have been doing both of Cindy Crawfords aerobic tapes now for over 10 years and I still thoroughly enjoy them, they work every muscle in the body and even after 10 years they still make me very sore if I slack off for a couple of weeks. I eat whatever I want and still weigh the same as I did 10 years ago so they must be doing something.
B000002I25|5.0|1967..<BR>35 years on from its initial release.Two things strike me<BR>One is where did the time go?? Jeez!And the other is was there ever a finer,more dynamic, debut album released by a band?<BR>If there is I for one havent had the pleasure of hearing it.<BR>THE DOORS had one major advantage in their favour.JIM MORRISON.<BR>Take him out of the equation and the supreme becomes the average.<BR>Love him or loathe him MORRISON had a persona like NO other artist then or now.He inhabited a different planet from the rest of us.He was mean and moody,sullen and strange and he just happened to posess the greatest larynx in rock.He growled and roared but he also had a indefinable quality to his voice the only other person i can equate that to is, say, SCOTT WALKER they have<BR>that kind of sensual mysticism in their vocals.It is a rare thing.Like the music on this album in fact.Rare and quite astounding.<BR>BREAK ON THROUGH thunders in on a kind of mutant bossa nova beat<BR>with MANZAREK'S 'chunky' organ instantly defining a sound that was SO different from ANYONE around.LIGHT MY FIRE,it must be the most erotic song of all time, is charged through with intensity and passion.The dirty blues of BACK DOOR MAN.The magical poetry of CRYSTAL SHIP and sheer infectiousness of THE ALABAMA SONG.<BR>Nothing prepares you for THE END.Its brooding,primeval and nightmarish.Recorded damnation!MORRISON'S hollering into the pit of madness here and there's a storm brewing and somethings stirring in the shadows and its at once edgy,tranquility then blind aggression.Taboos broken and blood on the floor..<BR>If ever one single record ever defined an experience then that record is THE END.Malevolent and magnificent!<BR>THE DOORS.Epic and grandeur and the blueprint for SO many inferior nobodies.<BR>PLAY.AND BE STUNNED!
B00005U18E|5.0|Some roles seem just to have been created for certain actors, and no one else will do. As with Russell Crowe in \\"Gladiator\\", Audrey Hepburn in \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" and Robert Powell in \\"Jesus of Nazareth\\"; Ren&eacute;e Zellwegger definitely deserves an award for her performance as the typical British singleton Bridget Jones. I have read the book, which I found nothing special and actually sort of boring. However, one has to admit it is the type of novel which could undeniably make for a wonderful comedy movie. Add that the performance of someone like Zellwegger and... we have a winner!<br />When Ren&eacute;e Zellwegger was cast for the starring role in this production, eyebrows were raised high in Hollywood. After all, she is the typical American girl, not at all British. The fact that she didn't have the required accent didn't help either. But Zellwegger determined to overcome all these obstacles and gave the best performance of her life so far. After seeing this movie, no one can deny they couldn't imagine anybody else in the role. The part I liked the most was almost at the beginning, when she is alone in her apartment and lip-sings (and mock-plays) to the lyrics of \\"All by myself\\". I laugh so hard! I could imagine anyone going through such a situation and behaving exactly so.<br />To make a little history, \\"Bridget Jones' Diary\\" is based on the novel by Helen Fielding, about a 32 year British woman who seems to have no luck at marriage or even at a stable relationship at that. She feels marked for future \\"spinsterhood\\", ending her days alone, half eaten by dogs. She falls in love with all the wrong men, among them her boss, Daniel Cleever, played here by none other than British Hugh Grant. It is a relief to know Mr. Grant can also play roles where he is not always the laughing stock. But suddenly, one day love arrives at Bridget's doorstep - literally - and as it usually does, quite unexpectedly. Colin Firth is TO DIE FOR, in his role of the incomparable British macho who can make every lady's head spin around with love. He plays an insecure man, but who, in the end, knows how to claim what's his.<br />I was very glad the movie was so much promising than the book. Zellwegger brings to the screen a rich, comic, lively character otherwise too flat in the book. When we hope she would run right after her hero something always happens. One ends up feeling she might be too late<br />for her own happiness, but then... Oh well, after all, \\"it's just a diary.\\"who can make every lady's head spin around with love. He plays an insecure man, but who, in the end, knows how to claim what's his. <br />I was very glad the movie was so much promising than the book. Zellwegger brings to the screen a rich, comic, lively character otherwise too flat in the book. When we hope she would run right after her hero something always happens. One ends up feeling she might be too late<BR>for her own happiness, but then... Oh well, after all, \\"it's just a diary.\\"
0345451325|4.0|If you don't know it yet; Halo, the Bungie game that was bought out by Microsoft to run on their XBOX is one of the best first person action shooters ever.  Halo: The Fall of Reach was for me a gamble... how good can a story for a game be?  It could turn out to be dumb and cheesy I thought.  Not the case here, if you bought Halo or rented it and played it till the end and like Science Fiction than this book is the bomb baby!
0767817710|4.0|Sam Raimi delivers a nice film about a woman who comes to a town called Redemption to get revenge for the death of her father and the local tyrant of the town played by Gene Hackman. This is an ensemble piece. Lot's of big stars, a lot of fun action. This film also has one of my favorite shots in a film. Where a prison escapee rides into town, thrashes into a bar, beats some guy up and tosses him out, the guy terrified hops on a horse and rides off, the prison escapee (named Scars, because, well he has scars) walks out and sees the man riding off, downs a brew, then shoots the man on the horse. This is all in one shot and I really think this is one of the great Raimi films and for some reason it catches a really bad wrap. The film features, Russell Crowe, Sharon Stone, Lance Henrikson, Leonardo DiCaprio, Keith David, and the incomperable Gene Hackman. <br />As for the DVD, as with most \\"bare bones\\" DVDs this on is somewhat over priced. This has nothing but a theatrical trailor and full and wide screen versions on each side of the disc.
B00004THAY|2.0|I find it hard to believe that so many Amazon customers found this album great. I have been a life-long fan of both BB and Eric and this album was a total let down. There is NO passion here, and if blues has no passion and soul you might just as well listen to commercial radio. This whole affair just seems a commercial cop-out to make some money. There is no fire to any of the vocals, and let's face it, Eric never did have any pipes to begin with, he should take a page from Zappa and \\"shut up and play your guitar\\". He never could really sing blues, but he sure could play it. BB has nothing to prove at this stage and merely goes through the motions on this album. People, this album is geared for marginal blues fans, that's all. There are so many more albums by both of these great artists that really say something. Check them out. For Eric I would say the great days of Cream, Derek & the Dominos, etc. For BB, you will know the great early albums, \\"Live at the Regal\\" etc., albums that had FIRE! Even BB's fairly recent \\"Blues on the Bayou\\" has immensely more heart-felt guitar and vocals than this anemic collection. Enough of these \\"Oh BB you're so great\\", and \\"Oh Eric what a thrill you are\\". These albums are music's equivalent of the self-congratulatory bull we are subjected to each year at the empty Oscar \\"ceremonies\\".
B00005QW4K|5.0|This is a terrific film! The \\"Bootleg\\" version makes it even better. Prior to buying this dvd I had Army Of Darkness on special edition VHS with the origional ending at the end of the tape and not much else. I decided to grab this DVD because it offers the ever elusive deleted scenes and cut footage making the film an entire 15 minutes longer. <br />This film should not be confused with its two predecessors however, this is not what I would consider a horror film at all. Aside from a big geyser of blood theres not much true horror in it. It's more of some odd amalgamation of Robin Hood, Lawrence of Arabia, and Three Stooges. This movie has probably some of the greatest one liners ever, one of the most heavily quoted films even to this day. Slapsticky humor. And, in this version, a little romance. It expands on the windmill scene and it makes a little more sense. It does, however, change a couple lines, in my oppinion for the better. It expands a little bit Ash's confrontation with Evil Ash. There's a little bit more gore. The end battle scene is expanded.<br />Most people who look at this and haven't seen the film before should probably try renting it first cause it's one of those movies you either love... or hate. And I wouldn't recommend this version for just any old Joe Blow Amry of Darkness fan either. This is a release for the hardcore fans. <br />Ok so thats what I have to say about the film itself heres some info on the DVD features and stuff. The DVD is as well done as any of the other movies in the series. Some nice special features. Really cool deleted scense, about 4 I think, as always Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell have you in stitches on the commentary track. Yes it does get kinda fuzzy at ONE part, that I am aware of, and it's only maybe about 30 seconds of... less than perfect quality picture, not nearly as bad as it has been described. The sound is great on this one, most 80's-early 90's DVDs they make all seem to have a severe lack of bass to explosions and gunfire and such, this one however, had a perfect job on the sound.<br />Like I've said I would only recommend this to hardcore fans of the film series.
B00005JL8C|4.0|Michael Haneke has adapted Elfriede Jelinek's novel to create this disturbing psychological portrait of piano teacher Erika Kohut (Isabelle Huppert). Erika's claustrophobic life is filled with strict teachings and moral hypocrisy. She is a voyeur and masochist beneath her rigid exterior. Her life becomes desperate upon meeting a new student Walter Klemmer (Benoit Magimel). Their relationship becomes tumultuous when it becomes increasingly clear that she is incapable of nothing like a \\"normal\\" romance.<br />This tragedy is at many times shocking and is likely to make you squirm in discomfort over the deranged levels of Erika's mentality. While frequently repulsed, I felt an odd sympathy for her at times over the fragility of her being and her difficulty with expressing love. The cinematography of this film is bleak. The atmosphere seems glazed with an impersonality and stark indifference equal to that of Erika's spirit. The air is bizarrely punctuated with the beauty of the many musical recitals throughout the film. Director Haneke has been much criticised for this work (it has been dismissed as pretentious). Though not for the faint of heart or morally concerned, I found it strangely moving and engaging in the way it unsettles.
B000062XGD|1.0|This is probably the dumbest movie I have seen in a long time. Boring beyond belief. Even a horrible plane crash and a life and deasth struggle on a deserted island could save this film from excrutiating bordom. I sat through it thinking to myself who cares?
0192833383|5.0|I first learned of Wilkie Collins while studying the life of Charles Dickens, with whom Collins had an up-and-down friendship.  For those who've struggled through a heavily-footnoted Dickens epic, you'll be pleased to know Collins' writing is much more &quot;modern&quot; and accessible.  <br />Reading &quot;The Moonstone&quot; today, it's hard to believe the novel caused an uproar when it first appeared.  It seems quaint and harmless.  But Collins' Victorian audience was thrilled with his depiction of dark doings at the House of Verinder, and his gentle (by today's standards) satirizing of Victorian mores and manners.<br />The novel is organized as a series of &quot;narratives&quot;; my favorite is that of Gabriel Betteredge, faithful servant of Lady Verinder.  Betteredge is simply delightful, full of gentle humor and insight.  Here, Betteredge is relating his early days with Lady Verinder and her husband, Sir John:<br />     &quot;Well, there I was in clover, you will say. Placed in a position of trust and honour, with a little cottage of my own to live in, with my rounds on the estate to occupy me in the morning, and my accounts in the afternoon, and my pipe and my Robinson Crusoe in the evening - what more could I possibly want to make me happy? Remember what Adam wanted when he was alone in the Garden of Eden; and if you don't blame it in Adam, don't blame it in me.&quot;<br />So yes, Betteredge gets himself a wife.  He's just one of many vividly-drawn characters in the novel.  And while the plot moves along with appropriate twists and turns, it's the quirky characters who provide the most satisfaction.  <br />&quot;The Moonstone&quot; works on many levels and always leaves me happy to have fallen under its spell.
B000065U1N|5.0|I walked out of the movie in awe. I think this movie is just what the American public needed after the tragedy of Sep 11th and the beginning of our war on terrorism. The story was well told and from what I have read it was pretty close to what actually happened to our heroes in combat. The special effects are incredible and I think Ridley Scott did a fantastic job of putting the audience in Mogadishu. This is a must have DVD for any military movie buff.
0884360458|5.0|Out of all of Marcel Pagnol's works, Le Chateau de ma Mere is my favorite.  Pagnol's love for Provence is captivating.  The novel is beautifully descriptive and takes you right into the heart of Provence; you can hear the cicadas singing in the background.  Le Chateau is a touching portrayal of childhood, capturing both joy and sorrow.
B00003CXZ3|4.0|Memento is well made, if nothing else.  Taughtly written, well directed, well acted, and once you get used to the backwards storytelling, surprisingly easy to follow.  Hopefully it will give a much deserved boost to the careers of Guy Pearce, Carrie Anne Moss and Callum Keith Rennie (not that he really needs one, but I'll show a bit of patriotism anyway).<BR>Despite all its good qualities, and despite the fact that I'd like to go back and figure it out properly, from start to finish, I don't think I will.  The film is so relentlessly depressing, and disturbing that the ending, while clever, and satisfying on one level, brings its own sense of relief that you can get back to normal life.  You certainly don't want to know the characters afterwards.  However, this is probably an indication of how well the film establishes mood, and it's definately worth a watch, but I'm not sure I'd recommend buying it right away.
0884360458|5.0|Out of all of Marcel Pagnol's works, Le Chateau de ma Mere is my favorite.  Pagnol's love for Provence is captivating.  The novel is beautifully descriptive and takes you right into the heart of Provence; you can hear the cicadas singing in the background.  Le Chateau is a touching portrayal of childhood, capturing both joy and sorrow.
B00005V1Z5|4.0|Surprisingly very funny.  Completely stupid in many ways, but that's the whole point.  Quite well written, and greatly helped by the comedic timing of Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson, two very funny actors with great careers ahead of them.  Cameos from people like Milla Jovovich and David Bowie add to the fun.  Mostly though, Zoolander's great because it's funny without being particularly mean, it gives you a group of appealing characters and takes you along for the ride.
068484267X|1.0|McCourt is a brilliant writer and on that basis alone this is a worthwhile read even though I always felt it was biased against Irish-Catholicism.  Oh, well that's fair game in a memoir.   So why one star?  The book pretends to be a biography.  There is now an overwhelming amount of evidence that Ashes is a fictional novel loosely based on boyhood anxieties.  McCourt may have intended this as a literary device but I'm sorry a lie is a lie is a lie.
B00005QIPH|1.0|I'll keep this quick...<br />The day that a bunch of anemic fashion models who can't create music worth half a damn are heralded as the &quot;saviors of rock&quot; is the day that Adam Jones (from Tool, you should know this) joins Limp Bizkit to play guitar...failing miserably to sound like their &quot;influences&quot; and having a singer who acts like Liam Gallagher from Oasis onstage equal one thing-the epitome of over-hyped commercial driven schlock that makes Drowning Pool sound like The Who..........I'd rather swallow white hot razor blades than have to listen to this bunch of androgynous juveniles again
B00003CXZ4|5.0|I saw it twice in the theatre and had to buy it as soon as it came out. The extras in the DVD create more questions than answers. If you like twists and uncertainies, you will like this.
1878424505|5.0|This book speaks to us in a way that is easy for anyone to understand. More importantly, it is presented in a highly artistic manner that reminds me of the &quot;Fibonnaci principles of proportion&quot; or the &quot;Golden Mean&quot;. When great works of art are made, (ex: &quot;King James Bible&quot;, \\"J.S. Bach\\", \\"S. Dali\\", etc...) certain artistic principles are applied that move us to our very core. These artistic devices often represent the human form, love or God. A hidden language, if you will, beneath the words.  It can be a mathematical expression of life itself. Sometimes these artistic devices are employed by design and sometimes they happen quite naturally within the structure of a work. <BR>An open and loving mind can easily understand the emotions that these amazing structures evoke.  <BR>     Mr. Ruiz has successfully captured the hearts of all artists everywhere. Leave all of your expectations, cynicisms and intellectual curiosities at the door.  If you approach the book with an open mind, accepting what the simple concepts have to say then you will be able to savor the wisdom beneath the words. The same wisdom that all artists have been singing about since the start of time.<BR>     Mr. Ruiz has presented this song from the ancient Toltec point of view . Most likely, it is the same truth you already know about.  If you appreciate art you will love this simple little cantata. If you are self-absorbed than it's a good chance you will miss the point. But, if you are truly artistic this short read will most likely become one of your favorites. As Mr. Ruiz has noted, \\"In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God and the word was God.\\"  \\"And we saw his glory, as of the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth\\".  The author has been impeccable in his word. Read the book. It's all about smiling.
0345448898|5.0|This is THE most amazing series I have ever read.  I have read many books including the Xanth series, the Book of Three, Harry Potter, Virtual Mode, and many other fantastic books.  But, I HAVE to say that this is the best book, best trilogy out there.  A girl named Lyra and her daemon innocently get involved, through an eavesdropped conversation, in what will eventually become THE ultimate battle.  Who can she trust?  Where will she go?  But most importantly WHY?  WHAT is a 12-year-old girl doing in a horrifying battle between good and evil?  Which side is good, and which side is evil?  Fascinated?  You should be.  The plot is remarkable, the story thrilling, and you are helpless.  Once you start, all you can do is turn the page.  You cannot put the book down, eat a snack, or even glance up.  The plot is enthralling, unpredictable, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  You also grow to know and love the characters.  I feel as though I am living this book.  The quality of writing is high, the characters realistic, the plot almost believable, and the story astonishing.  These three books not just talk about magic, I could swear that they ARE magic.  Reading these three books leaves you not with just the satisfaction of finishing a terrific book, but also with something, a lot to think about.  For several days after I finished The Amber Spyglass, I went around like a zombie in a kind of daze.  All I thought about was those three books.  In class, I paid no attention, I did not participate, and my friends thought that I was insane because I didn't say a word to them for almost a week.  I can not, in words discribe this book.  It is too good to be described with words.  Anyone who has read this book will understand.  <BR> The effect this story had on me is startling too.  I actually had several dreams involving these characters, some interesting, and one terrifying.  When I read this book, I was frightened, or happy, or relieved, and at a couple places I cried.  You see, this isn't just a book, just a dream, just a fantasy.  It is real, in your mind.  The characters are there, as are the places.  In time, memories from the story, and your personal history mingle, and eventually, they are one.  You have not READ this story, you have LIVED it.
0345448898|5.0|This book does not even compare with Harry Potter.  It's much better.  In a world of many different realities and strange worlds, one girl must save everything.  It is obviuos that lots of time went into the creating of the setting of this story.  The characters are also extremly complex.<br />By the end of the trilogy the author has asked questions about society, theology, and the development of our culture.  Not only does this book have an engrossing plot, it has interesting and daring conflicts with higher beings.  The book comes to a glorios finally in which Lyra must take on the kingdom of the Angels.  i recommend this book to everybody.  It is a classic and an amazing trilogy.
B00005J9ZB|1.0|This so called \\"prog-metal\\" album [stinks]. it is absolutely terrible. sure there are some good vocalists on here like Fish from Marillion and Anneke Van Giesburg(that right?) from the Gathering. The dude of Ayreon, who's name i don't remember can write. I JUST DON'T LIKE IT!!! IT'S SOOOOO ANNOYING!! Some of the vocals on here are rather obnoxious, and there's almost some rap vocal patterns. I hate that. There should be NO rap vocal patterns in prog-metal. Plus if you like folk, you may like this one, i hate folk.
B000002U9E|5.0|Simply put....this is one of the greatest CDs that I own out of over 500.  It just has a magical quality to it.  Repeated listens, especially on a great stereo system like a Bose, truly reward the listener.<br />There is a reason why artists like Sarah McLachlan, Tori Amos, etc. look up to Kate....she's frigging brilliant.  It's a joke that she is not more well-known here in the States, but I guess that is almost a good thing (hehe).<br />A very complex CD that gives you, the listener, all kinds of sounds and soundscapes.  The first 5 tracks are individual songs and the last 7 or &quot;The Ninth Wave&quot; deals with a &quot;concept&quot; album.  Despite doing the CD that way, I didn't feel like the tracks are disjointed, but a very smooth and flowing CD.<br />Best tracks are Running Up That Hill, Big Sky, Cloudbusting (worth the CD's price alone), And Dream of Sheep, Hello Earth (listen to around the 2 minute and 20 second mark to the 3 minute and 20 second mark - absolutely amazing...maybe my most favorite one minute of music ever!), and Morning Fog.<br />Get it today before it goes out of stock.
B000003CMC|5.0|Along with Lynyrd Skynyrd's &quot;Street Survivors,&quot; The Allman Brothers' &quot;Eat a Peach&quot; is one of the defining albums of Southern Rock.  It is also the high point of this troubled band's recording career.  That said, its also an interesting mix of songs, with the live track &quot;Mountain Jam&quot; checking in at over a half an hour, or nearly as long as the rest of the album combined.  Yet it is a great half hour, an amazing feat in that it is not at all repetetive or boring.  The rest of the songs are almost all Allman classics, including &quot;Blue Sky,&quot; &quot;Ain't Wasting Time No More,&quot; the ballad &quot;Melissa&quot; and the amazing Duane Allman guitar solo &quot;Little Martha&quot; that is made even more poigniant by the fact that he died not long after recording it.<br />&quot;Eat a Peach&quot; is a must own for any fan of southern rock.  It is simply the Allmans' finest hour.
0553106635|5.0|Enjoyed it very much.  Loved the interplay of characters and attention to detail.  Waiting for next book
B000005RMY|5.0|Sisters of Mercy were impressive.  Ominous music, driving guitars, goth vocals without the wimpy romantic vision.  These guys in concert before their real debut album had presence and power.  You don't have to be a goth fan to appreciate the musicianship....IT'S ROCK AND ROLL!!!!  They were at the fore-front of creepy trance drum beat....great homicidal maniac soundtrack stuff.  I miss the old Sisters, but I will always love this stuff.  BUY IT!!!  Don't expect any great drum solos here, the machine is just on and the boys out in front.
B00005JKBC|5.0|Spy Game is a very film, with a great cast, and great directing.<br />Redford and Pitt, both gives great performances with Scott's great directing.<br />You all know what the film is about, so I won't go on about that.<br />Spy Game is a smart thriller with good humor. If you like Scott's style of directing in Enemy of the State, you'll love this film.<br />This DVD packs a lot of great features with great menus! The quality of the film is amazing with great sound as well. We get alternate endings, deleted scenes, behind the scenes feature, and a great director's commentary.<br />This DVD is a must!
0452282152|3.0|I found the book to be enjoyable and an easy read.  The characters and places were described beautifully so that I could easily create my own mental picture of them.  Chevalier captures the whimsy and the complexity of a young girl caught up in a world in which she has little control.  I could identify with many of the emotions of the main character.
0553573403|1.0|I recently made a second attempt to read this book, and gave up again.  I really wish GRRM had stuck to writing science fiction, because I love his work in that arena.  But this fusion of medieval fantasy with graphic gratuitous sex just turns my stomach.  What really infuriates me is that I bought the first three volumes of the series before I realized what they were.  I donated them to the office charity book sale, and I noticed they sold within an hour.
0767818040|2.0|This is one of several Brian De Palma films that pay tribute to the Master of Suspense, director Alfred Hitchcock. While De Palma has never come close to equaling his hero, he has done some great imitations of him in movies like \\"Dressed to Kill\\" and \\"Blowout\\". \\"Body Double\\", however, is a weak effort by any standard. It has been branded a blatant rip-off of \\"Vertigo\\", but I don't think it's even that.<br />In the convoluted plot, an actor needs a temporary place to stay, and an acquaintance puts him up in a spectacular Hollywood Hills home. The friend points out that, through a telescope in the house, one can spy on a woman in a house across the way. Said woman puts on quite a striptease show every evening. One night, the actor sees the woman being robbed by a very spooky character. Already obsessed with her, he begins to follow her around town to make sure she is okay. His spy games lead to danger, murder and some rather graphic encounters in the world of porn video making. <br />This is one of those movies that hinge on a totally improbable plot device. Though he uses a whole bag of cinematic tricks which make some of the movie rather interesting to look at, De Palma never manages to fool the audience into going with the flow of the ludicrous story. The movie can be looked at as a spoof of suspense thriller; however, it doesn't succeed very well on that level either. <br />De Palma had directed some fine movies in his time. \\"Body Double\\" is definitely a low point, in my opinion.  Besides the films mentioned above, the good ones include three crime sagas - \\"The Untouchables\\", \\"Scarface\\", and \\"Carlito's Way\\", as well as the horror classic, \\"Carrie\\".
B000000OAA|5.0|This album plays like a tape you mixed yourself. I think it's Queen's most thorough and it's also my favorite. Sheer Heart Attack is one of those rare albums that is actually an ALBUM, not just a bunch of songs. It's completely cohesive and can be listened-to straight through. From song to song, it never drops a beat, but has the best flow of any Queen album I own. There's not one song on here that ever gets \\"skipped\\" in continuous play, except perhaps \\"She Makes Me\\", which I find in certain moods to lack enough energy to make me listen to it. \\"Brighton Rock\\" is a masterpiece, and I know that is a superlative often used when referring to \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\" or others, but I'd put this track very high on my list of Queen's best, though it never made it to a Greatest Hits album. \\"Killer Queen\\" is the most famous, but for deserved reason. It's rhythm is infectious and the song is the best example of lyric writing genius in the history of rock. \\"Lily of the Valley\\" is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard, Queen or otherwise. The sincerety in Freddie's voice and the movement of the melody are amazing.
B00005QK3W|5.0|Sweet CD! It is such a pleasure to hear some good music from Paul again! I LOVE the Beatles, and many songs that Paul wrote or at least was the main singer (early stuff like A TASTE OF HONEY to middle period songs such as I'VE JUST SEEN A FACE to latter classics such as SGT PEPPER'S and BLACKBIRD, etc.) show Paul was a \\"one of a kind\\" songwriter and performer. His solo works, HOWEVER, have a few good songs scattered but don't leave me wanting more like George Harrison's better albums affected me. I know there have been exceptions (BAND ON THE RUN comes to mind), but I can't think of an album/cd of Paul's (not counting live concerts released) with original songs that has excited me since BACK TO THE EGG- what was that twenty years ago today? Just kidding. The last three songs are GREAT! RIDING INTO JAIPUR is beautiful! RINSE THE RAINDROP could be a little shorter but still isn't it great to hear Paul rocking out again!FREEDOM- great tune, inspiring! There are a few other impressive songs scattered about such as LONELY ROAD and DRIVING RAIN, but many including the pretty FROM A LOVER TO A FRIEND and HEATHER  suffer with that \\"overl polished sound\\" that seperates Paul from the truly gifted sound of his earlier efforts with THE BEATLES. Still, good CD and a nice surprise. Pretty cool he is touring with a decent cd being released, UNLIKE some past efforts- last two tours come to mind. Enjoy!
B00004Y6NW|5.0|What can i say about a record that built by one of the few bands who played rock in the middle of the punk-era? Mark, David, John and Pick put aside 120 pounds to record a demotape with 5 songs who were broadcasted by Radio London's Charly Gillet. The results came very fast.Phonogram's John Stainze calls Ed Bicknell asking &quot;who's that group playing like no other&quot;?(I define their music as Bob Dylan with J.J.Cales' guitar playing Ry Cooder's blues!!). Ed Bicknell goes to a Dire Straits, and do you know what happens? Ed is still the Dire Straits manager. On february 14th, 1978, D.S. go into the Air Studios to record a new demotape; after 23 days spent playing on and on, they end up to record an ultimate debut. Dire Straits is a simple and direct work, just a little bit complex, but played with a remarkable ability, absent in almost all the most popular rock band at the end of the 70's. Four songs fly above the others: &quot;Down to the waterline&quot; - with the rock-blues in the veins -, &quot;Water of love&quot; - with the light Mark's dobro -, &quot;Wild West End&quot; - intimist as needed -, and &quot;Sultans of swing&quot; - an irresistible rock who'll become the hymn of more than one generation. The producer Muff Winwood (the older Steve's brother!!), gets the thin musician's vitality, without useless forcings. Musical Dire Straits roots' tend to be americans, but played lik the unbeatable English taste for the melodie can do.
0553573403|5.0|Since it is no longer legal to write a review of any fantasy novel without mentioning him, I'll get it over with...<br />Tolkien. There. I'm done. And I'd just as soon not mention him again, because this is better. Martin takes all the things he did well (Vast, detailed setting, compelling plot, interesting premise), sees them, and raises them the things he did not do so well at all (complex, three-dimensional characters, subtle and realistic antagonists, complex psychological and social interplay).<br />The real strength of this story lies in the depth and richness of its characters. Martin switches viewpoints more frequently than a senator in an election year, but each individual he follows is so interesting and distinct that this habit is pleasant rather than irksome. One certainly has no trouble at all keeping them straight. Each thread-switch is, in fact, greeted with the pleasurable anticipation that we will now find out what happened to so-and-so next.<br />Martin's characters are not only interesting but, rarely enough for this genre, highly believable. Martin has shunned the easy and unrewarding path, so common in fantasy writing, of separating the world into lily-white heroes (yay!) and evil nasty villains (boo!hiss!). Instead, characters behave in believeable ways, for believeable reasons, and it is up to the reader to decide whether we love or hate them.<br />Sometimes, with his most memorable creations, we find ourselves doing both.<br />After following memorable individuals through original and entertaining plot twists over some five hundred pages, one may find that the best thing about this book is that there are currently two sequels, with more on the way.<br />Now why are you still reading this?
B000021YQV|5.0|This CD is bound to be a classic. The last albums I've been able to listen to nonstop like this one are Mer de Noms by A Perfect Circle and Make Yourself by Incubus. It's so nice to finally pick up a CD that is good music front to back with no filler. <BR>Any one of the songs on Toxicity could be hits as easily as Chop Suey!, although that track was probably the obvious choice for Single Number One.<BR>I am a real skeptic when it comes to music (I have a band and a degree in Music, so yeah, I'm a snob) and Toxicity truly blew me away. Not only is the recording killer, it's just raw enough to let the performances shine through and give the entire album a sense of intimacy.<br />BUY IT NOW!!!<br />I have spoken......
B00005U11Z|5.0|If you want to see the way that rock and roll was really meant to be played, you have to watch the Journey DVD, Arrival 2001!  This DVD captures the excitement you feel at Journey's live concerts beautifully.  Steve Augeri was born to be in this band!  His vocals were amazing!  Neals Schon's guitar was electric, his fingers hit each note with such passion and precision, it is as if his guitar was on fire!  Jonathan Cain really rocks out on the keyboard like nothing I've ever seen!  Ross Valory plays the bass guitar better than anybody out there!  Deen Castronovo is an amimal - a maniac on the drums!  Put them all together and you have something explosive!  They definately Rock!!!  I would recommend this DVD for anyone who appreciates rock music!  Or just anyone with ears- because, this DVD is the best!
B0000062GE|5.0|Stabbing Westward is a band that has some of the best industrial songs that I have heard in a long time. I mean, tracks like \\"Save Yourself\\", \\"How Can I Hold On (Dog Attack)\\", \\"Drugstore\\", and \\"The Thing I Hate...\\" are juist astounding. They really push ahead through their genre. The guitar work is very good, but there have been better guitarists. The bass is worked very well and I am proud to say that the bassist is quite frankly one of the best in the genre. The keyboards is the highlight of the album. The synthing and playing are very talented and mindbending. Especially on \\"How Can I Hold On (Dog Attack). The vocals are very strange. His voice is squeaky clean which in most cases really are not the good, but some how, it really fits in this. The album in a whole is excellent, and is one that shows true talent and energy...<br />-MC
0679777547|4.0|100 pages into \\"The Club Dumas,\\" I thought that the book simply required too much knowledge of \\"The Three Musketeers,\\" antique book-binding, and French history for me to possibly enjoy it. Fortunately for me I had to read it for a class, and once I'd finished it I felt it was one of the better books I've read in some time. The beauty of \\"The Club Dumas\\" lies in its complexity and self-consciousness. It's a book about books, which any book-lover can appreciate, but gives even the most fervent reader new insights into books as stories and entertainment versus books as objects. The \\"detective\\" of this mystery, Lucas Corso, circulates in the world of antique book-dealing, tracking down first editions and manuscripts for the book-fetishizers of the world. Perez-Reverte clearly understands this sort of obsession: the virginal quality of an uncut book, the tactile sensuality of a book's binding. But while Perez-Reverte clearly can appreciate books as objects, his own novel reveals continually deepening layers of meaning and significance. Of central interest is the afore-mentioned debate between books as objects and books as entertainment, and this is carried out more and more as we near the end of the book and realize that at the central conflict between the \\"hero\\" and \\"villain\\" of the book boils down to this very debate. This is all not even to mention the strong presence of demonism, cabbalism, and morality in the novel. Perez-Reverte attempts to include a pretty wide consideration of the world and history for something as simple as a detective novel, but he manages to pull it off magnificently. Even if you find yourself perplexed by his literary and historical references, you'll probably enjoy this book; and if you are an afficionado of Dumas, Napoleon, book-collecting, or demonism, this book is a must-read.
0345451325|4.0|Take Steven Pressfields &quot;Gates of  Fire: The Battle of Thermopylae &quot; and mix in &quot;Starship  Troopers&quot; and you have &quot; The Fall of Reach&quot;.  The book has the same boot camp and sense of personal sacrifce that make both of those books great. Master Chief  emerges as a man behind the armor that any trooper would want to follow into battle. It does not try too hard at being epic ( see  Star Wars: New Jedi Order ). I would have given it a five but the editing is bad. Many dates and phrases contridict themselves so it gets annoying after the third or forth time. You thing 35 years have passed and it has only been 25.  A guy that has his arm blown off , salutes with the same missing left arm on the next page.
B000005HN6|5.0|&quot;Orchid&quot; is incredible. <BR>This is Opeth's debut album of late 1994, and I firmly believe it is the greatest debut album of all time, and certainly one of the greatest albums of all time.<BR>Here are 7 songs, with the exception of 2 short instrumentals, all are very long epics making up a total of 65 minutes, that is, 65 minutes of the most atmospheric, cold, dark and epic listening one could hope for. <BR>This album displays more confidence in a debut release than any I've ever heard before, this is demonstrated by the most incredible debut opener &quot;In Mist She was Standing&quot;. This is my favourite song on &quot;Orchid&quot;, a long, long song stretching over 14 minutes combining clinical lead melodies, ghostly Akerfeldt grunts, heavy riffs, great solos, numerous acoustic passages, superb drumming and a bass that dances frantically around the rhythm line, clearly not just there for backing. What an amazing song, several spine chilling moments here particularly the line &quot;..A black candle holds the only light..&quot; followed by the gripping lead that follows. This my favourite moment in the whole album. Such a song of mammoth proportions like this has made it my favourite ever by Opeth, along with &quot;Advent&quot; from the &quot;Morningrise&quot; album.<BR>&quot;Under the Weeping Moon&quot; follows. This song is slightly shorter in length, just under 10 minutes in length. A classy acoustic intro breaks in true style into a nice rhythm and lead playing the same line, this is so effective. This song also possesses a lengthy repeating acoustic passage where echoing guitar leads occupy the background. This is one of the albums most atmospheric moments.<BR>After 2 very lengthy songs, a nice piano interlude titled &quot;Silhouette&quot; performed by drummer Anders Nordin begins. I very much like this piece. As well as his superb drumming, Anders proves himself a great piano player.<BR>So, back to a couple more epics! <BR>&quot;Forest of October&quot;, a 13 minute-long epic breaks in with a slow lead line over a slow rythmn, this is the song's intro before proceeding into the dark Opeth world of heavy riffs and atmospheric acoustic melodies. Some of Akerfeldt's first clean vocals are performed on this song, coupled with the acoustic passages singing with him makes for some very memorable listening. For me, this song is second only to &quot;In Mist She was Standing&quot;.<BR>&quot;The Twighlight is my Robe&quot; comes next with a nice trashy/Sabbathy intro. This is one of those Opeth songs that could be broken into 3 or 4 different, shorter songs. Although this could be said of many Opeth songs, this applies moreso to their earlier works, particularly on &quot;Orchid&quot;. Once again, sheer class. The fact that guitarist/vocalist Mike Akerfeldt, guitarist Peter Lingdren, bassist Johan De Farfalla and drummer Anders Nordin can remember such lengthy songs with several pauses and complete changes of direction indicates to me great musicianship, virtually unparallelled by most other bands I listen to.<br />After another couple of long epics follows another short instrumental &quot;Requiem&quot;, about the same length as &quot;Silhouette&quot;, but guitar based, a perfect way to lead into the epic closer &quot;The Apostle in Triumph&quot;. This song shows some use of effects on the guitars, and a bit of slap bass by Johan. Here one realises the diversity of Opeth as they spring into almost &quot;jazz&quot; style passages and other such interludes one wouldn't expect to hear from Opeth. Classic.<BR>Opeth certainly stamp their authority here in the metal world with this storming debut, &quot;Orchid&quot; is the birth of the most musically creative band I have ever heard. The face of things to follow couldn't have been better, especially &quot;Morningrise&quot;.<BR>&quot;Orchid&quot;, along with &quot;Morningrise&quot; definately establishes my favour to the earlier works of Opeth, as opposed to the newer.<BR>I'd recommend all 5 Opeth albums to anyone unfortunate enough not to have heard them yet, especially &quot;Orchid&quot; and &quot;Morningrise&quot;.<BR>Brilliant.
B00005JKJA|2.0|I love David Lynch's movies and Mulholand Drive is no exception but when I popped this DVD in my player I noticed something missing:  NO CHAPTER SELECT OPTIONS!   I never realized how important of a feature that was until this movie.  Having already seen Mulholand Drive in the theater, I really wanted to skip around to see some of more...um...Lynchian scenes, but the only way to do it was to FF...annoying!   I know that sounds trivial but really, how hard could it have been to include a &quot;feature&quot; that is standard in every other DVD out there?!?  Craziness.  The 2 stars is for the DVD itself, not the movie.
6302642256|5.0|This movie is a great adventure. It is great for all ages. I ask everyone to vote for this movie on Disney's web site so, they will release it again. Just go to [there website] and vote.
6305508550|5.0|This movie has to be one of the top 5 funniest movies of all time!! It is (simplistically) the story of three guys stuck in 'cubicle' jobs and the lengths they will go to get out of them. Peter, Zamir, and Michael (Bolton!) are stuck at Initech, until a hypnosis gone awry makes Peter, basically, do nothing. When the company bring in efficiency experts, he starts telling the truth about his deadend job (and TPS reports) and actually gets promoted, while his friends, who are busting their humps, get laid off. Good eventually triumphs over evil and it's all good.<br /><br />The movie is full of great characters, from the mumbling Milton (the movie is based this character, created by the same guy who made Beavis and Butthead); to the annoying boss, Lumberg; the sweet girlfriend (played by Jennifer Aniston); and, of course, the hero, Peter Gibbons (played by Ron Livingston).<br /><br />This movie is kind of an extreme version of the comic strip Dilbert, like what he would do if he actually listened to Dogbert. Buy it, you will laugh your buns off!
B000003TA4|5.0|Even though this album is tenyears old (wow), I still find myself listening to it over and over.  If I were to recommend an album for someone who had never heard of Nirvana, this would be it.  Even though it is a little more \\"commercial\\" than their other albums, it is the most consistent as far as quality.  My favorites would have to be Lounge Act and Territorial Pissings.  Thank God we had a little relief from \\"pop\\" with this and many other albums, now I wonder if we will ever have the pleasure of seeing another truly innovative band come on to the music scene...............
B00005V3Z4|2.0|The loss of words I'm left with after watching \\"Donnie Darko\\" is not one born of fascination or perplexed wonderment, but one of sheer disappointment over being cheated out of two hours of my life for a story that does everything but shove its originality down the audience's throats. A cross between science fiction, horror, and comedy, the possesses but a few fleeting moments where these elements take flight, but never once do any of them connect in a noticeable pattern. <br />The beginning of the film is exquisite, a terrific combination of character introductions and seething dread. We're introduced to Donnie Darko (Jake Gyllenhaal), a teenage boy plagued by schizophrenia and severe depression, that which causes him to converse with a abnormally large, surprisingly spooky rabbit named Frank (later revealed to be played, fittingly enough, by Gregg Araki alumnus James Duval). Such moments provide a terrific amount of underlying dread, that which perhaps causes one's expectations to elevate. <br />We also meet the Darko family: Donnie's parents, Eddie and Rose (Holmes Osborne, Mary McDonnell), and his two sisters, all of whom look upon Donnie as look upon Donnie as the bad seed, though hope for better days ahead. His parents are understanding of his mental state, providing him with therapy and medication; they provide him with all that he needs in hopes of reinstating his mental health. <br />Then one night, things get worse. After Donnie's first meeting with Frank, a freak accident involving a dismembered plane engine results in shaken nerves, though no one is hurt. Donnie, however, is told by his new imaginary friend that there is a window of 28 days, after which the world as he knows it will come to an end. He meets a girl, falls in love, all the while performing strange and sometimes shocking acts at Frank's request. <br />Interesting beginning, and certainly enticing enough to wet one's appetite for more. But the movie's main course turns out to be a less-than-satisfactory concoction of science fiction and the psychological, throwing things like time travel and premonitions into its already-crowded blender of potential ideas. Despite my increasing frustrations with the material's lack of coherence, I found myself strangely entranced by it, blinded by my hope that something would eventually tie things together. In the end, there is an explanation for everything, albeit a very inconsistent and ludicrously disjointed one that only furthers one's discontentment for such a wasted opportunity. <br />The film has a good cast in its favor, though one has to wonder how hard it is for Gyllenhaal to stare dismally into space and look continuously glum and despondent. McDonnell and Osborne play convincingly caring parents, while young Jena Malone is quite the attraction as Donnie's newly acquired girlfriend. The movie features Drew Barrymore as an English teacher who's fed up with abiding by the curriculum, and Patrick Swayze as a fear-fearing fanatic blinded by his fanaticism to his own hypocrisy. <br />In the beginning, I got the feeling that too much was going on; after it was over, I felt as if nothing of any significance had occurred. My main question concerning a film like \\"Donnie Darko\\" is this: what is this movie trying to say? What is this story really about? Do the filmmakers hope that their bleak portrayal of such cultural elements as censorship and religious fanaticism will mask their inept efforts at creating a coherent storyline that makes no sense in its conclusion?
B00005V9HH|4.0|This DVD is certainly worth the money that I paid for it.  It is a two-sided DVD and contains the regular film on one side and the special features on the other side.<br />Unfortunately, this DVD contains the same edition of the movie, i.e., there are no added scenes to the running of the film.  However, a few of the deleted scenes have been resurrected and included as extra features.  These extra scenes are well worth seeing - especially an extended speech by Verbal Kint.<br />As is usual for a special edition of this kind, it should be purchased mainly for the audio commentary tracks - which give a good insight into the making of the film and the ensemble cast.<br />Of special interest is the Gag Reel that was made for the film crew.  There is a lot of real macho / profane stuff - all of which is hilarious.  Who is Sizer Koze? :)
B00004WLXZ|5.0|I was watching the closing scenes to Titan AE when the mailman delivered Leni Riefenstahl's Triumph of the Will. I subsequently popped it into the DVD  player and decided to give myself a day to mentally change gears after about five minutes.<br />Triumph of the Will covers the 5th to the 10th of September of 1934 in which various aspects of Germany's social rebirth under the Nazi party is celebrated, with stirring speeches by Adolf Hitler and his party associates as to the state of the nation and where it is headed.<br />To convey this artistically, as opposed to a simple news reel type of programme, Leni Riefenstahl employed thirty six cameramen, who shot more than sixty hours worth of film. This raw footage was then edited down to one hundred and seven minutes of running time featuring pans, close-ups, aerial shots, jump cuts, linear and rotating tracking shots, and upward angled shots. To aid continuity, and to embellish the visual rhythm, a heavy musical score was added and underscored by interaction from the crowd.<br />All this ends up as a documentary without a commentator, the speeches and crowd reaction being the only vocal element, the sound carefully edited to the pictures so that the dynamic qualities of the film are reinforced. Some  still advocate the idea that Triumph of the Will was a propaganda / public relations exercise for the Nazi party. But this is an erroneous point of view. <br />My DVD was gotten from Amazon .co.uk. The sound quality was very good to poor. The speeches had the best quality, with heavy applause and chanting coming off the worst due to heavy compression and print through artefacts. The picture quality was decent enough for a sixty eight year old film. My copy claims to be the complete film, and is released by DD video of England, so those who have experienced disappointing DVD releases might find this to be a better choice.
0783228457|2.0|Well, I hate it. This movie made no sense at all. I got this movie based on the reviews on [amazon.com], plus it had to be on at least five or so lists as, \\"the most disturbing cinema I've seen\\". Most disturbing? More like most confusing. I guess some of the people that make up these lists are kids. The fx were not that great and I was expecting to see a little more of Deborah Harry(preferably naked). She was hardly in the picture. There were scene's of endless discussion and the only good stuff in the movie was shown on a fuzzy t.v., that you could hardly see. Don't waste your time and money on this, instead go get an Ilsa flick. I've seen Troma movies that were better and more entertaning than this. The reason for two stars is that I do like James Woods and think he did a great job with a boring script. If this is the best Cronenberg flim(as some other reviewers wrote)than god help us.
B00004Y6NX|5.0|This is a true gem.  Not many bands can pull off making &quot;timeless music&quot;.  Dire Straits did it.
B00005JKQX|5.0|(for people who know what the movie is about)<br />Most times people think human achivement lies outside of him, in history or technology or intelectual advancement. This heart felt movie is about the prime human achivement over our primordial companion... our mind.<br />One of the main discoveries of psicology and quantum physics is that there is no TRUTH but only perceptions... our interpretations. This movie is about a man strogle with his version of reality and coming to terms with it.<br />I believe most people think he is special because he had a high IQ... actually I believe is because he helped himself to live in health regardless of his illness.<br />He is a true example of the best humans are capable of doing... he reminded me how much love is the first and last important aspect of life
B00005V3Z4|5.0|Sci-fi fans, black comedy fans, anybody who likes to have their mind blown, should see this movie.  Sure, there are some plot holes here and there, but there's just so much else to enjoy.  The acting is great, my favorite character being Frank, who looks like the bunny rabbit from hell and has a voice unmatched in creepiness. Like many before me have said, this is a very underrated movie, a real treasure that slipped under the radar.  If you like good movies, you should be sure to see this one.
B00005JKGV|5.0|If you're one of the lucky few who got to see this in a theater, then you'll know what i'm talking about when i say that the tension that is set in the first 45 minutes has never been matched.  The first half of this movie alone would merit a \\"greatest film of all time\\" award from me.  In my opinion, the second half of the movie is a tiny bit weaker, and could have used a bit more of the flavor of the first half. That's not to say that the second half is bad.. it's just different.  <br />In any case, this movie is exactly what it says it is.. it's a ride down the Lost Highway.  As such, you shouldn't expect to see many signs along the way pointing out the direction to clarity.  All I can say is just enjoy the ride... and be thankful that it's just a movie.<br />I'll never forget the audience reactions when i first saw this in the theater.. people literally looked either like zombies, or like they were going to be sick.  One of the girls i was there with seemed very irritated, and said only \\"did we really have to see that girl's breasts that many times?\\"  I almost lost it laughing at that one.<br />I can't wait for a dvd of this movie.. i have the widescreen VHS, but the quality is pretty terrible.. this is one feature that deserves the crystal clear picture and brilliant color that DVD has to offer.. not to mention the sound mix, which is brilliant.. 5.1 dolby will certainly enhance that experience.
B000002JSJ|5.0|Not bad for knocking this out in two weeks.  Raw and basic.<BR> Jimmy Page arguably has his best guitar work on this album.<BR>No dicking around trying to sound pretty on this one.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever made, and the characterisations and pace are near perfect. Everyone should see it!
0441003257|1.0|I love Neil Gaiman. I love Terry Pratchett.  I hate Good Omens.  In a frustrated attempt to read the book cover to cover, I was twarted many times by books that were much funnier, more pleasant to read, and more comprehendable(anyone by Goodkind or all other Gaiman/Pratchett books, jordon, adams).  This book did not make sense, was a half hearted attempt at low brow humor (which unfortunately did NOT work) and why read this if you can spend your time elsewhere?  It's a good omen you read this review before thinking about buying the book..don't waste your time or money like I did.
B00005RY7X|2.0|My review is 2.5 stars...I decided to pick up the CD after seeing the first video...<br />I was a little disappointed. This is the savior of music?? As Tyler Durden would say, \\"Oh I get it. It's very clever. How's that working out for you?\\" It's clever in the way the title for \\"Slippery When Wet\\" was clever. Not very. I GET the concept of this disc, but do we really need to go back to the days of Winger, Bon Jovi, Poison, or any other bad 80s hair band? At least there are no ballads on this disc.<br />It's not that the music is totally bad. I like \\"Party Hard\\" and \\"Fun Night.\\" Surprisingly, songs like \\"Party Til You Puke\\" are good, but the thing that kills this CD is the production. Most every song's guitars are drowned out by an innane keyboard/piano sound that sound like some guy banging his head on it at naseua. The result: I am not rocked. <br />If you really want to hear a rocking band, then check out the new one by And You Will Know Us By Trail of Dead - Source Tags and Codes. Now that's a rocking CD!! Or the White Stripes. Or any other new band like that. They are the real saviors of music. Not this drivel. I don't think replacing the teen pop of the late 90s and early 00s with what was the teen pop of the 80s is going to solve anything.
0446310786|5.0|Fortunately, fifteen years (or more) ago, I read this book on my own before my English teacher required it...  this is not a book that needs to be analysed and charted.  It is one that needs to be absorbed, and felt.  It does NOT deserve to be one of those books students hate merely because it's required reading.<br />The characters are as real as books get, the small town one that you might live in now, or your grandparents might have lived in decades ago.  The issues - from racism, sibling relationships, and just plain growing up - touch your soul.  And it's just plain fun to read.<br />It's a bit of American culture that should be cherished... passed on as the valuable art it is - but to tear it apart with attempts to read into symbolism, or to over analyze it... that nearly denies Harper Lee the respect she deserves for writing it.
B000060P79|5.0|THIS CD IS GREAT!  SIMPLE PLAN SOUNDS KIND OF LIKE BLINK 182-SO IF YOU LIKE BLINK 182 YOU WILL DEFINATELY LIKE SIMPLE PLAN.  bE SURE TO BUY THIS CD AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!  IT ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00004ZD69|4.0|Hmm... what would have happened if Pink Floyd decided early on to eliminate folk from their musical vocabulary, and instead composed instrumental songs over 20 minutes long in the vein of &quot;A Saucerful of Secrets&quot; and &quot;The Atom Heart Mother Suite&quot;? You'd probably get something like this. Godspeed... is a very subtle group, and the songs take awhile to develop, but that still does not subtract from the overall listening experience. I can't really say that this is one of my favorite CD's, but it's good music all the same. For those of you like me with limited attention spans and a preference for vocals with the music, Sigur Ros does the same sort of thing, only better. However, if you have the patience to sit through 2 (or 4, if you listen to the discs back to back) songs almost half an hour in length, you should probably check this out.
B00000K0DT|5.0|With no question asked this movie is the Best movie out there. It has all what you look for in today's movies. Suspence, thrills and keeps you guessing all the time. Simply the best movie out there. If I were to really rate it I'd give it 10 stars.
B000051Y0G|5.0|I give this album 5 stars because there is not a single track on it that I don't like. It's fun, and catchy like Cyndi was in her prime. &quot;She Bop&quot; is such a great song; I think it is without a doubt the silliest song on the album. &quot;All Through The Night&quot; and &quot;Time After Time&quot; are really pretty songs, because they're emotional but they don't drag you down like lots of other artists do.
B000056NX5|1.0|I am a reasonable man. I don't like being a bad person. I realise that this production would have taken thousands of man hours and so many people would have poured their soul into this vision, this creation, this, this, this... I hope what I am about to write doesn't make me a bad man. I spent my money on this dvd and I unfortunatly spent it sight unseen. It was an impulse buy. Why did I impulse buy! JCSS is my favorite stage show. I love the power, the energy the story the genious of Webber and Rice. I didn't think I could ever have bad thoughts about it. Until now. So bad are my thoughts I am compelled to sit here at Uni when I should be working and write this. This version has taken a new &quot;modern&quot; aproach and I can not agree less with that. The priests and pharasies are ridiculous in their &quot;lets be hip and ulrta modern&quot; place of plotting. I can see what was trying to be done. I can see and to a certain degree agree with the theory lets gets JCSS out of flairs but I still think it should be executed so differently. Wheather you love the show for its story or song theres no excuse for it to be off the mark historically. The show is essentially about Judas' inner struggle with the ultimate betrayal. So please tell me why he sings Heaven on their minds to Jesus ( Even if jesus is there for symbolism sake- why). Why does Jesus sing to the pharasies in Hossana. It made my so annoyed I bought this. I could have spent my money on forty newspapers wet them all, convinced my friends to beat me with them until I was dead and I would have more fun. Poor performances were a stand out feature of this two hours of pain. Why cast a jesus who doesn't have the range? Why cast a Judas who has a voice I got  tired of by the time he had told me his mind is clearer now. I tryed to pull positves ou of ot. But there just wasn't alot to pull (don't be dirty). The costuming was decent it just should have been used in another movie. I think the effort on behalf of the cast was there- it just wasn't convincing. I felt nothing for the characters. Jesus did't make me feel his pain when he was facing his ultimate demise. Judas did't take me on his journey of the painful chioce (can someone tell me why Judas acted like a naughty smart-alec child rather a grown man- wow that was annoying) I'm sorry- just one more thing. STAGE SHOWS DON'T WORK ON SCREEN UNLESS THEY ARE MADE INTO A MOTION PICTURE. THEY DON'T WORK IN THIS RIDICULOUS HALF STAGE HALF MOVIE I WANT TO STAB MY EYES OUT FORM. All in all a good try but I believe it just didn't quite work.
0156421178|5.0|I actually wrote this an extra credit book report:<BR>A Homage to Homage to Catalonia <BR> Homage to Catalonia is an account of Orwell's personal story of his experience in the Spanish Civil War and some reflections on the complex political situations involved. He wrote it in 1938 (I think so; the introduction didn't bother to mention when it was actually written as its author was obviously not a historian), only months after his experience. The reader is put the exciting situation of Europe before World War II. The fact he was writing about contemporary subjects makes it all the more interesting, because he did not have the advantage of knowing what was going to happen next making his opinions of what should be done more valid. <BR> I started reading the book thinking it was going to be about Orwell's disillusionment with Stalinist Russia. If he ever did admire the USSR, he does not admit to it. He does however admit to only joining the POUM because that was the first group he found, though I do not believe he would have ever joined what he referred to as a right-wing Socialist group (though he was tempted at one point, as it was the only way to get to Madrid). It is certain he was disillusioned by several other things. The degree to which USSR-backed groups were not revolutionary, but only wished to perpetuate the \\"bourgeoisie democracy\\" I think did surprise them. He thought that this antirevolutionary policy may have been detrimental to anti-Franco cause, because, for example, it meant the Moors of Morocco could not be effectively allied with. This policy was similar to the USSR insisting the Chinese Communists allied with the moderates long after this made sense, though there they had the excuse that unindustrialized China was not ready for a revolution. One thing Orwell was certainly disillusioned about was journalism, due to the coverage of the Spanish Civil War and its disparity with what he was witnessing. On both sides he found simplifications and outrightlies.<BR> Orwell obviously cannot be fully objective about the topic. However, he is a journalist and does try. Orwell sums up this possibly downfall fairly well in saying \\"... beware of my partisanship, my mistakes of fact and the distortion inevitably caused by my having seen only one corner of events.\\" His politics can be described as Marxist. He thought that a revolution was the only way to help the proletariat; it could not happen within the constraints of democracy. Outside of some the political commentary, the book is in fact a primary document and in this respect it is good to read regardless of his subjectivity, as his opinions are valuable in their own right. <BR> I traveled to Spain a few years ago and found I agreed with his reflections on Spanish culture. He pointed out from time to time things in \\"typical Spanish fashion.\\" Orwell noted how laid-back the Spanish are, the word incompetent could almost be used.  For instance, it was often a hassle to pay the bill at a restaurant. It is like they did not want our money. I had attributed this as a reaction to Fascism, though it apparently predated it. In one of his few optimistic statements, he predicted Fascism would not be as bad as in Italy and Germany because of the inefficiency of the Spanish culture; they would just not be able to pull it off. From the little I know of the following decades, this was more or less bore out.<BR> Homage to Catalonia remains an excellent read to anyone interested into this facet of the Spanish Civil War or Stalinist foreign policy in general. It gives a first person account of the soldier's view of the war; I think a fairly average one. Most accounts of war seem to be by people who take down their story because something unique happened to them. Orwell was probably planning to write a book regardless. So Orwell complains much more about boredom then he does carnage, as he was stationed where both he and the Fascists did not have enough firepower to go on the offensive.
B00005YW4H|5.0|I've listened to this CD oh about 40 times now and I predict that Norah will win a Grammy with it. To all that say it is boring I really dont know what you are comparing it too but I sure like listening to it. The producer of this album did a superb job. I saw Norah down in Austin Texas in March with John Mayer and her show was good. Not as good as this album though. Wrong setting I guess. The song that will put her on the map is cut 6, Shoot the moon. I really dont know what to compare her too because I dont think she fits into a classic jazz singer mold. She is just getting warmed up. Buy the album you wont regret it.
0375703861|5.0|I've never written an Amazon review before, but was finally moved to do so by reading a preceding review in which the reviewer said:<br />\\"I couldn't stand any of the characters; I didn't empathize   with them. Perhaps this is because I am a white American, far removed from the London Zadie Smith writes of, but I doubt it. I don't think that she (the writer) likes any of her characters, except for perhaps Irie, the only character that actually develops during the course of the novel. At one point early in the book, I thought to myself that Zadie Smith must be a rather mean person to describe so many people so hatefully.\\"<BR> <BR>I wonder whether this reader and I read the same book.<br />I too am white and American, and that made the book especially important, interesting and educational for me. <br />I felt it was a valuable privilege to read the obviously honestly told, and deeply felt, experience of a person so different from me as Zadie Smith.<br />I am also grateful she still has the hope and passion to make the effort to tell it, since many nonwhites have given up trying to talk about the subjects of which Smith writes, at least to a mixed-race audience.<br />One of the things that most delighted and impressed me about this book was what I experienced as Smith's deep compassion, which I believe she extended to almost all her characters, across color, culture, gender, sexual orientation and religion.<br />The only characters I recall her having treated without compassion were-- perhaps not coincidentally-- also probably the most egregious hypocrites in the book.<br />I do see this as a flaw, but certainly not enough of one to significantly diminish my overall good opinion of, and pleasure in reading, the book. <br />Reading this book has deepened my understanding of people different from me in ways Zadie Smith's characters are different; it made my understanding more visceral, and rooted it more deeply in specifics; and although I don't believe anyone not in her characters' situation can ever truly say they know what it's like to be a first or second-generation, minority non-white immigrant, I think this book has brought me another step closer. I recommend it for this reason as much as for the fun I had, and hope others will have, reading it.<br />Smith's writing skill made me marvel. She somehow managed to move her language and tone from high culture to pop and hop culture, from poetry to trash talk, and never break the spell.<br />She told a heart-breaking story of great complexity, and she told it with humor and insight into her characters and our contemporary culture that made me snort out loud with laughter more than once. <br />The above use of the phrase \\"our contemporary culture\\" indicates another thing I admire about Smith's book: although she's writing about London, everything important she has to say about her characters' issues, history, feelings, and cultures is piercingly relevant to what's going on worldwide, including the Americanization of the planet.<br />This book is, for me, one of the most shining examples of writing about urgent issues in the most entertaining way possible; of teaching without talking down; and of a brilliant writer using her experience, together with great powers of intellect and observation, to sharply expose painful truths  with love.<br />If you like David Foster Wallace's piercing of the cultural veil, Barbara Kingsolver's compassion, V.S. Naipul's wit and perspective, Tom Wolfe's breadth and ability to see through all factions, Catch-22's revelation of social insanity through his style of writing, or Jane Austen's straight-faced revelations of hilarious absurdity, then this might turn out to be one of your favorite books, too.
B00005YW4H|4.0|Norah Jones' first full-length disc is excellent.  Arif Mardin does a masterful job of production.  The disc starts with a pretty lounge tune \\"Don't Know Why,\\" \\"You'll be on my mind forever.\\"  The guitar on the quiet \\"Seven Years\\" is beautiful as Norah sings the Mona Lisa-like lyric, \\"Crooked smile on her face tells a tale of grace that's all her own.\\"  Lee Alexander's thumping bass and Jones' piano distill with simplicity the elements of melody & emotion on Hank Williams' \\"Cold Cold Heart.\\"  Alexander's \\"Feelin' the Same Way\\" is a perky love song with nice energy.  Jones wrote the title track \\"Come Away With Me.\\" It is one of the most beautiful of melodies.  \\"Shoot the Moon\\" with its languid guitar is a slow song of lonliness.  My favorite track is J.D. Loudermilk's \\"Turn Me On.\\"  Norah's sultry vocal entices, \\"Like a flower waiting to bloom, like a lightbulb in a darkened room, I'm sitting here waiting for you to come home and turn me on.\\"  \\"Lonestar\\" is a slow country blues.  \\"I could almost go there just to live in a dream,\\" Norah sings on the torch blues \\"I've Got to See You Again.\\"  \\"Painter's Song\\" is whimsical.  \\"One Flight Down\\" has a smoky vocal with a pretty melody.  The Jones' penned \\"Nightingale\\" has a pretty guitar part with dreamy vocals.  Jones' piano gives a sense of flight and freedom as she sings, \\"You can take me away.\\"  \\"The Long Day Is Over\\" has a stately feel.  The CD concludes with Hoagy Carmichael's \\"The Nearness of You,\\" \\"When you're in my arms & I feel you so close to me, all my wildest dreams come true.\\"  For me, this CD could only be stronger with a few toe tappers and a little more variety in tempo.  This is a strong effort, a refreshing and rewarding listening experience.  Let Norah turn you on!
B00005U11Z|4.0|I just want to comment the technical aspect of this DVD (the audio aspect).<BR>First off I think Kevin Shirley uses too much ambient effect/reverberation (or let the ambient too much) for his mixing especially for Steve vocal, this make the vocalist sound 'rather blurred' or 'far/distance' from the listener.<BR>I also noticed in my systems that the Dolby Front Center Channel practically contain nothing. This may not an indication of defectiveness (there's not a necessity to use all 5 Dolby channels), but maybe as intended by Mr. Kevin, and the sleeve feature notes gave wrong information about it (not a 5.1 Dolby Digital, instead of 4.1 Dolby Digital soundtracks).<BR>Overall the sound is powerful and crisp.
0884271153|5.0|The Goal changed my thinking and gave me a set of tools I could mingle with Lean to realize real improvements in processes.  This book takes TOC to the enterprise level and introduces new problem solving techniques.  In my opinion, this is the best Goldratt book yet. <BR>Hope it helps.
0748662731|4.0|Alexander McCall Smith's second book of the No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series, Tears of the Giraffe, continues to develop the idea of the female African narrative.  In the first book, McCall Smith concludes with Mma Ramotswe agreeing to marry an admirable fellow, the mechanic Mr. J.L.B Matekoni.  McCall Smith immediately picks up where he left off, pushing the theme of the family.  By using two established people, the book challenges the conventional forms of marriage and family in Botswana culture.  Mma Ramotswe and Mr. Matekoni must, through compromise, decide on a lifestyle that will provide for them.  Although they share responsibility, McCall Smith's achievement rests in the fact that his main character, Mma Ramotswe, uses her independence to transform her culture.  She uses strength and courage to infuse a modern viewpoint on a culture where female dependence is embedded in its history.  By the end of the book, Mma Ramotswe's views become infectious, and her effect on Mr. Matekoni clearly shows the manner in which she has revolutionized an entire way of thinking.<BR>     Aside from issues of the family, McCall Smith also explores his fascination with the disappearance of the &quot;Old Africa,&quot; and mulls over the issues that modern society's growth comes at the expense of tradition and custom.  He considers the status of good old-fashioned hard work.  Does passion for one's work still exist or has it been eaten by modernity?  Mma Ramotswe's secretary has her own theory.  She thinks that the more Mercedes Benz a country has, the worse off that country is.  As in this case, McCall Smith often uses characters with a limited point of view to produce moments of humor, but he simultaneously makes poignant observations about conflicting culture.  At times, he offers more serious and direct commentary.  As a result, the book not only takes the shape of histoircal documentation, but it also serves to instruct, to give hope, and to provide some examples of how to deal with a rapidly passing history.  Through his series of books, McCall Smith has found a means to combine the local with the vast.  He has invented Mma Ramotswe in order to show that one person can make a difference because Africa is comprised of a collection of individual stories.  He craftily weaves these stories together to produce his African history, and in doing so contemplates and applauds the progress of a culture.
B00003CY5J|5.0|i bought this not expectin 'die hard' or 'rush hour'...i wanted a good ol' fashioned movie, well fashioned and devoid of computer enhanced action sequences! and that's what i got...<BR>the plot is nothin new (crooked men doin crooked things hopin to reach that point where they can go straight - yawn, been there/done it), but i'm a fan of de niro's and of norton's ('fight club' is my ish!) and i got what i wanted from this...<br />much better to my likin than 'the thomas crown affair' or 'entrapment'...'the score' woulda fell into the same mode as those movies if angela bassett woulda turned out to be a world-jetting, ex-c.i.a. operative turned jewel thief-informant-double agent! she doesnt...she's just a airline attendent lookin to settle down with someone she can trust and love...<BR>i'm cool with that...<br />for those of yall that liked de niro in 'ronin', yall will proly enjoy this one just as well...
B000002KB8|5.0|They never mention the production here, do they? This album has absolutely perfect production, neither under or over--produced by even a single watt, paranoid sounds [junky], muddy, muffled and airy in comparison. A sad fact is, it has taken you mortals 25 years to better the production on this album, as seen on Shellac's 'At Action Park'. Own it. It has few bad moments, and they can be skipped. 'At Action Park' has no bad moments. 2 reviews for the price o' 1.
6300214028|5.0|I love this movie more than I can find words to express.  It is a spectacular piece of film  making.  The story is rivoting, the direction and cinematography are the best that can be found in any film not directed by David Lean, and all of the acting by just an amazing cast is phenomenal.  Diane Keaton and Warren Beatty have a scene at the end that has to rank as one of the greatest moments in film.  This is not a political film.  It is a devastatingly beautiful love story with the most significant political event of the twentieth century as its backdrop. There are several eloquent and erudite reviews here that get into more detail, but I just wanted to say-- how could this film possibly still not be out on DVD?  If ever there was a great DVD film, this is it.  I'm pretty sure Beatty won Best Director for this and it got cheated out of Best Picture by, as I recall, Chariots of Fire (Bleccch!) I'm trying to collect my all-time favorite films on DVD, and this one is in the fight for the #1 slot with Dr. Zhivago and Lawrence of Arabia. I must have the DVD!!!
B00005A8H5|5.0|If you liked the movie you will love this soundtrack!!!<BR>These are all clasic chart topping hits and this SACD is expanded with 5 more songs not present on the cd. These songs are Rock , Soft Rock , Oldies and other great classics.<BR>The sound is phenomenal!!! I don't want to ramble, but the direct stream digital process (especially DSD original recordings) sounds better than LP's period and I know how good lp's can sound and obliterates CD in terms of clearness, air , ambience and presence. Some of the older remastered songs are from the late 50's and early 60's and there is nothing you can do about the low level tape hiss but if you listen closely it actually SOUNDS exactly like REAL TAPE HISS! and if you know anything about recording, it's unmistakable! This resolution and dynamic range is not possible on cd or LP (the lp adds it's own noise masking and not being able to resolve the acual hiss from old tape). Whoever can't hear that SACD SOUNDS better than cd and even DVD-A is either deaf, has a bad system or a hidden agenda (dvd-a camp, analog diehards) BUY this disc for the MUSIC!! it's great!!!
0679731725|5.0|Sometimes I think there can't be a more perfect novel than \\"The Remains of the Day.\\"  I am a great fan of Kazuo Ishiguro and have read all of his books, and while all of them are superb and all are literature of the highest order, \\"The Remains of the Day\\" is certainly his very best.<br />\\"The Remains of the Day\\" is the story of Stevens, the perfect English butler and of how his devotion to duty and his negation of emotion virtually annihilates his sense of self.<br />Stevens is \\"in service\\" at Darlington Hall, the home of Lord Darlington during the years between World War I and World War II.  Complications arise for Stevens when he finds he must replace two members of the staff at Darlington...a housekeeper and an under-butler.<br />...<br />\\"The Remains of theDay\\" is a masterpiece in many ways, not the least of which is subtlety.  We know Stevens feels pain, we know he feels love, and we can read, in between Ishiguro's perfectly chosen, precise words, Stevens' struggle to express that which he feels so deeply.<br />...<br />If you haven't read \\"The Remains of the Day\\" or seen the movie, you may get the idea that this is a very depressing book, indeed.  It is not.  It is quiet and understated and ultimately, profoundly sad, but it does its moments of humor, though they, too, are masterpieces of understatement.  One of the most typical involves a Chinese figure that causes a minor battle of wills between Stevens and Miss Kenton.<br />All of Kazuo Ishiguro's books raise many more questions than they answer (a mark of a truly superlative book) and \\"The Remains of the Day\\" is no exception.  Are Stevens and Miss Kenton merely victims of their occupations and the times in which they live or does Stevens possess some flaw of character, a flaw that permits him to be the perfect English butler but a less than perfect man?  Each reader will have to draw his or her own conclusions, but I can guarantee one thing:  no one who reads this book will come away from it unchanged.  Indeed, most will come away heartbroken.
B00003CXC6|5.0|&quot;Roshomon&quot; is a great film.  Kurosawa attempted to re-capture the beauty of silent films, with their focus on imagery over dialog.  The twisting plot, the characters, all combing to make a unique viewing experience.  Mifune is wild, larger than life.  I have heard that each actor in &quot;Roshomon&quot; was given a traditional Noh mask on which to base their character.  It is a considered film.<br />Criterion's Kurosawa DVDs get a little better with every release.  &quot;Roshomon&quot; surpasses earlier releases with a cavalcade of extras.  The Robert Altman interview is nice, comparable to the George Lucas interview for &quot;Hidden Fortress.&quot;  I appreciate Donald Richie's commentary.  I wish that other Criterion Kurosawa DVDs had his commentary recorded.  There is a nice documentary on the cinematographer.<br />My favorite extra is the collection of the original stories &quot;Roshomon&quot; and &quot;In the Grove.&quot;  They are in booklet form, and not electronic as I feared.<br />I am excited for Criterion to release more Kurosawa on DVD.  Highly recommended.
B000002IZ4|5.0|Purple is one of those albums that everyone should have.  STP backed off a bit from the heavier sound that was featured on Core and came out with what became the first true alternative/grunge album to cross over to the mainstream (there was a time when you had a chance to hear &quot;Big Empty&quot; or &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot; on just about any radio station you turned to).  The songwriting on Purple is far and away STP's best as they perfectly mixed the distorted guitar riffs of Core with the more melodic vocals of Tiny Music.  The real highlights are &quot;Vasoline&quot;, &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot;, &quot;Still Remains&quot;, &quot;Silvergun Superman&quot;, and &quot;Kitchenware &amp; Candybars&quot;.  However There is nothing on Purple that even comes close to being a sub-par song, even the tongue-in-cheek secret tune at the end of the disc is a catchy fun melody.  Definitely one of the best albums of the 90's and a must for any music fan.
B0000025RI|5.0|Who in the world hasn't heard this LP? It's sheer stature and unimaginable sales have guaranteed it and it's creators legendary status, and with it's 20th anniversary approaching one wonders, does &quot;Thriller&quot; still deserve all the accolades it recieves? My answer is a resounding yes, but with a record of this magnitude, popularity and influence it's easy to overlook the quality of the music and focus solely on sales, awards and the thousands of imitators that followed it. The fact is, &quot;Thriller&quot; is a brilliant extension of the fine work Jackson and producer Quincy Jones began on &quot;Off The Wall&quot;, only without that LP's disco influence overriding the project. The first notes of &quot;Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'&quot; tell the story, it's a chugging, techno-funk beat that never lets up until the Swahili chant (ma ma se ma ma ma ma ma cu sa!) enters and drives the song into the stratosphere! You're left stunned and exhilarated all at once! &quot;Baby Be Mine&quot; is a fairly straighforward R&amp;B number with a slippery, funky worm type synth line and whomping bassline complementing Michael's fine, seductive vocals. Mentioning the hits at this point is almost beside the point since we all know them, but I must point out how daring and innovative &quot;Beat It&quot; still sounds, actually it has a raw, punkish attack that further belies it's theme of anti-violence; when Eddie Van Halen rips into his solo, you feel liberated and more alive, able to take on all comers! &quot;Human Nature&quot; is still the prettiest melody to ever grace a Jackson album (&quot;Stranger In Moscow&quot; is a close second) and it's arrangement hints at progressive jazz. The real crown jewel here is the closer, &quot;Lady In My Life&quot; which is probably the finest vocal performance of Michael's career and presents him in his true element, singing live in front of real instruments. This is the sound a man baring his soul and not caring about his pride or ego (witness his pleading as the track fades out) and the funk/jazz leanings of the music elevate this song far above the realm of soul.<br />&quot;Thriller&quot; was a once in a lifetime phenomenom as pop culture goes, but musically speaking it still buries everything else out there. Now that the hype has faded, all that remains is the music, and it's astounding music. This is truly deserving of the label &quot;CLASSIC&quot;. Indespensible.ess his pleading as the track fades out) and the funk/jazz leanings of the music elevate this song far above the realm of soul. <BR>&quot;Thriller&quot; was a once in a lifetime phenomenom as pop culture goes, but musically speaking it still buries everything else out there. Now that the hype has faded, all that remains is the music, and it's astounding music. This is truly deserving of the label &quot;CLASSIC&quot;. Indespensible.
0380002930|5.0|This is my first review and I only have a short time me being in school and all. I thought that the author was able to really capture the hardships and life of a rabbit, even though this was quite fictional. I actually believed that I was there watching the rabbits. It had a good plot and story line and never let me down once. My name is Astal and the next chance I get i will have a better and longer review. Look for me on other books and I wil be around. Again this has been my favorite book of all time and will remain till I can find a better one.
B000007OY0|5.0|Don't get me wrong, Forrest Gump is a decent move, but it in no way compares to The Shawshank Redemption.  There really isn't much you can say except that it is awesome.
B00005QZWI|5.0|Cannot get some of this music out of my head!  True, there are the kitchy bits, but so much outweighed by the good parts.  I'm particularly entranced by how Shore wove a number of very melancholy themes throughout a number of tracks - with each playing all the more tantalizing for being so much a fragment.  These themes capture so successfully the sorrow of Middle Earth, I'm thinking in particular of the burden of immortality borne by the elves, consigned to observe over 10,000 centuries how exquisite creation (in the making of the world, the Silmarils, etc) can drive such sorrow, loss and sadness.  There is the theme at the intro to The Prophecy repeated in more dramatic form in The Great River; there is a theme in the middle of The Prophecy that appears somewhere in the score for The Journey in the Dark; and there is the exquisite soprano theme at the start and in the middle of Flight to the Ford - almost like something from Allegri's Misere.  Speaking of which, I agree with the first reviewer: while this score owes much to many illustrious forebears, it nonetheless captures their successful attributes with great sensitivity.  I hear Orff's Carmina Burana, Faure's Requiem, Allegri's Misere, Resphigi's Ancient Italian Airs and Dances...  and I wouldn't be surprised if Shore had used the old choral sources for these pieces directly.  Fantastic job and I can't wait to see how he manages the next two films.  I would love it if Shore would build a separate composition based around the themes themselves.  Not that it would happen, but the perfect opportunity would be to write a score for the Silmarillion -- it'd be kind of the Requiem for Middle Earth.
6305095566|4.0|Five good friends drive to an old cottage in the foothills of Tennessee. They rented the place for an incredibly cheap price and no one knows why. Not long after arriving at the cabin, darkness falls and strange noises are heard outside and under the cabin. The group stumbles upon an old reel to reel tape recorder and a strange looking book that looks like a shriveled face. After listening to the tape they learn that the book is an ancient Book of the Dead and contains enchanments to raise evil spirits that can possess people. The only way to kill one of the possessed is by dismemberment. One of the guys listens to the tape a little too long and strange words are chanted. The spirits are waken and the group finds themselves in a fight for their lives.<br /><br />EVIL DEAD reminded me of THE NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD and there are a lot of similarities. Both films were shot on a shoestring budget. Both films' directors when on to bigger pictures. Both films involve creatures rising from the dead, killing humans, and having the aforemention killees come back to life. About the only major differences between the two films are that: NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is in black and white; EVIL DEAD is much more gorier than NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD; EVIL DEAD isn't a social parable about the state of society; and one person survives in EVIL DEAD and surprisingly becomes a hero.<br /><br />I could see how this film could scare people. However, I didn't find this film as frightening as I thought, though it was often suspenseful. In between the times of action and suspense, the movie moved slower than a snail. Though the movie runs a little less than ninety mintues, it could have been cut in a few places and have had a more steady pace. Of course the stop and go pace of the film reflects the shakycam technique used in much of the picture, so maybe Sam Raimi wanted it that way. The story is rather simplistic, but it works. Bruce Campbell is a joy to watch as Ash and the transformation of Ash from a whiny wimp into a tough guy hero, parrallels the acting acting career of Campbell himself.<br /><br />Over all, a rather gory and sometimes frightening film that you probably wouldn't want to watch alone. It has become a horror cult favorite and introduced some new movie making techniques to the general populous in a way that works well.of Ash from a whiny wimp into a tough guy hero, parrallels the acting acting career of Campbell himself.<br /><br />Over all, a rather gory and sometimes frightening film that you probably wouldn't want to watch alone. It has become a horror cult favorite and introduced some new movie making techniques to the general populous in a way that works well.
B00005RYLE|5.0|The Evil Dead series (Evil Dead, Evil Dead II, and Army of Darkness) are undoubtedly horror to some.  To others, the fall more to comedy.  These mildly low budget horror films make a great trilogy, and this is the first installment and a very cool limited edition at that.  The cover has a very creepy feel to it, and if you put it into the refridgerator, I'm told it comes out feeling like dead flesh (I haven't tried it personally).  The basic story is that 5 college friends go to an isolated cabin in the woods and play with some items they find there, which gets them into a whole heap of trouble.  This is a great movie and a great special edition to add to any DVD collection.
B00004X01U|5.0|This album is a great listen,in my opinion, from start to finish.<BR>The first 3 songs are high in energy rump-shakers and dancefloor bound club hits(especially Impressive Instant-which is my personal favorite on the album. There is nothing like it!) The title track never gets old and will have you dancing whether you intend to or not. And of course there's the ever-discussed Beautiful Stranger part 2(Amazing). This song is so much better than BF it stands on its own quite well and should not be compared to the Austin Powers tune. Nobody's Perfect and Dont Tell Me are touched with elements of country R&B and trip hop that works quite well,shockingly. In other places the album's more soft and emotional-Madonna really does a great job!<BR>My only complaint is that the album leaves you with a sense of-\\"that's it! where is the rest-cmon dont tease!\\" It only builds speculation on what her next outing will deliver-way to go DIVA!
B000059XUO|5.0|On the outside, The Crow may look dark and twisted, a tale of revenge.  However, depsite dark elements, this movie has an amazing story, and truthfully is more a story about how true love transcends all, even death.  You will have to see this movie to understand just how wonderful it truly is.  This is a must have DVD for any collection.
0385484518|5.0|My pastor has been encouraging me to read this book for a while and I never really got around to it. One day out of the blue I picked it up and decided to read it. I finished it in two sittings and was left in tears at the end. Through those Tuesday lessons Morrie really figured out how to die so he could live. I makes you reflect upon your own life and take a good look at what you really hold dear.
B000002UB3|5.0|'Abbey road' is my second favorite Beatles album, (behind only the masterpiece 'Sgt Pepper's lonley hearts club band').<BR>The entire album is wonderful, starting off with the one-two punch of &quot;Come together&quot; and &quot;Something&quot;, both of which were number one hits, and following up with corny but somewhat cool &quot;Maxwell's siver hammer&quot; and then the awsome &quot;Oh! Darling&quot;.<BR>&quot;Octopus's garden&quot; is one of Ringo Starr's shining moments on all of the Beatles albums, having composed this track all by his-self. Side-A ends with &quot;I want you (She's so heavy)&quot; which has a kinda jazzy feel to it.<BR>Side-B begins with George Harrison's &quot;Here comes the sun&quot; which is probably the album's stand-out track, and is followed by &quot;Because&quot; which has John Lennon, Paul McCartney and Harrison doing what they do best, three-part harmony.<BR>&quot;Sun king&quot; has a very late 60's feel to it, and it's wonderful, the organ in the song adds a great touch to it.<BR>The medley more or less begins with &quot;She came in through the bathroom window&quot; and flows until &quot;The end&quot;, a song which, features all four Beatles taking turns at solos, begining with Starr's only recorded drum solo as a Beatle, then McCartney, Harrison and Lennon taking turns at guitar solos, in that order.<BR>All in all, this is a fitting fairwell to the fab four, and is a must have for any Beatles fan, or any fan of classic rock music.<BR>George Harrison's compositions stand out as the best work on this album. &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here comes the sun&quot; are commonly referred to by critics and fans alike as this albums best songs, and I agree.
B00003CX9E|5.0|Alright, look, I have been a huge movie buff for probably about three quarters of my 21 years, and, that being said, this is probably the easiest five stars I've ever given.  On every level of craft and artistic integrity, this movie is well-deserving of the title of best movie ever made.  Even today, the film looks absolutely beautiful, and its sheer style is still admirable. The rich black-and-white picture looks absolutely fantastic, and the realism in the acting and emotions on EVERY player's part is so authentic, it really makes you feel like your watching old news reels from the 1940s.  Every film class should offer a course on this film's cinematic brilliance and mastery of craft.  There is no doubt about that in my mind, because from a technical standpoint this film just appears absolutely flawless.<br />Well, that being said, now I must speak a more personal opinion about this movie.  The story itself is not nearly as exciting or involving as I was expecting when I first watched it, and when it all comes down to it, I personally, don't think that it by any means even has that remarkable of a story.  It's not that the story isn't good, its just not all that interesting.  Bottom line.  I can think of many, many other movies that were much more mind-blowing and held my interest much better than 'Citizen Kane' did.  I don't know that that necessarily makes them BETTER movies, but it's all relative.  There are many things that make a movie good - the direction, the camerawork, the storyline, the acting, and its very difficult to base a movie's greatness on ONE of these things.  I own 'Citizen Kane', and I've watched it probably four or five times, but not necessarily because I enjoy it, but just to further study it from a technical standpoint, including the lighting, the innovative camera angles, Orson Welles' incredible performance and every other element that seems to make it so revered in the hallowed halls of film greats.  Pretty much, my lifelong ambition has been to be a filmmaker, and there are few films that are more of a credit to their artform than 'Citizen Kane'.  So, if you are a movie nut, then you need to see and appreciate this.  Just don't be afraid to be critical of it.
6305971935|4.0|THE PHILADELPHIA EXPERIMENT is a pretty good, solid piece of B-Movie sci fi. Loosely based on actual events during World War II, the U.S. government tests a naval battleship to see if it can disappear from radar by using high powered electromagentic energy. The writers, producer (John Carpenter i.e. HALLOWEEN), and director, have used these events to create an entertaining time travel story in which during the experiment, two of the crewmen are transported through time to 1984 and must find their way back. At the same time, the experiment in 1943 is affecting a similar experiment in 1984 Nevada conducted by the same scientist, Dr. James Longstreet, (Eric Christams as the elder Dr. Longstreet in 1984 Nevada, and Miles McNamara as the young Dr. Longstreet in 1943 Philadelphia) creating a vortex and distruption in the space/time continuim. There are characters you care about, decent if not conventional time travel plot devices, just the right amount of special effects, the usual government personnel chasing the innocent time travel victim(s), and a love story thrown in for good measure. Michael Pare shows some pretty good emotional depth as David Herdeg, one of the crewmen sent into the future and he and Nancy Allen as Allison Hayes have pretty good onscreen chemistry. Bobby Di Cicco has a great supporting role as the other crewmen sent along with Micheal Pare. He practically reprises a role he played in the Steven Speilberg WWII comedy film \\"1941\\" as he uses the dancing skills he learned during the filming of that movie and uses it in the opening scenes of 'EXPERIMENT (Perhaps it was an in-joke?). Overall, an entertaining sci fi, time travel film that delivers.<br />Movie should be noteworthy because released the same year he produced this movie, John Carpenter wrote and directed STARMAN with almost the same kind of pathos and romance/road trip film.  Instead of a a man far from his time period (PHILADELPHIA EXPERIMENT), we have an extraterrestial far from home (STARMAN).).
B00005RY7X|1.0|I saw the video for \\"Party Hard\\" and thought it was a joke - I mean if you watch it with no volume, you think it's some death metal band, and then you turn up the volume and you just want to swallow your tongue.  I've read reviews that say \\"Just give this album a chance.\\"  How do you listen to an album that includes the word \\"party\\" in 3 titles?  Someone actually created a song called \\"Party Till You Puke,\\" and it WASN'T Adam Sandler.  I just don't get it.  As far as the music goes, Andrew WK should be locked up for crimes against piano loops.  Some Amazon reviews claim this album shows brilliance in its \\"stupidity.\\"  When I read something like that it makes me hate myself for being alive.  Maybe it's just my ignorance of the album's attempt to make fun of itself, but the lyrics are perhaps the most moronic collection of...I can't even find the right word.  Imagine Sepultura hired Britney Spears' songwriter.  It's just that bad.
1565847032|5.0|I just bought this book and I am immensely pleased with it. I own other Chomsky books -- Manufacturing Consent, Fateful Triangle, and the short interview-based books from Common Courage Press, among others -- and I have to say that this is far and away my favorite of the lot. The more scholarly books, like Manufacturing Consent and The Fateful Triangle, are thick with documentation but rather dry -- this doesn't bother me personally, but it's difficult to introduce them to someone else. On the other hand, the more accessible works, What Uncle Sam Really Wants, for example, come off to the layperson as the radical ravings of a lunatic, and unless the reader already has similar sympathies or suspicions, they are far from persuasive. This is exacerbated by the fact that in these Chomsky offers little in the way of proof, and this is why I shy away from recommending these volumes to Chomsky newcomers; as Chomsky himself would say, he sounds like he's coming from Mars.<br />Understanding Power is a very welcome addition to the canon in large part because it addresses the aforementioned problems. For one, the questions he responds to aren't the softballs David Barsamian usually pitches him -- his interlocutors occasionally ask the very questions a skeptical or simply curious reader might be thinking to himself -- and his responses reflect this: they're less \\"crazy\\" and alien, and more thoughtful, informative, and generally convincing. A second reason Understanding Power deserves heaps of praise is the footnotes. ... The footnotes are incredible, absolutely incredible, and it's easy to see why they aren't included in the book. ... The notes themselves are both broad and deep: everything from the specific NSC documents to the actual popularity of Reagan's policies is referenced, and sources are often extracted from at length (this is unusual for the non-academic works). I was always curious where Chomsky got his figures on American religious fanaticism and now I finally know. Thumbs up to the editors.<br />... Here is what I gather: Chomsky is often invited to Canada, he feels, because Canadians like to hear America get dumped on. Chomsky got tired of this so, yes, deliberately began a particular interview in a confrontational manner, detailing Pearson's complicity in US war crimes in Indochina (namely, arms sales), who was meanwhile posing as an impartial mediator. The book itself doesn't go into the details, but the footnotes refer to four or five books on the subject. The point of this story was not to present an indictment of Canada or Pearson but to show that, as the other reviewer accurately puts it, \\"the Canadian media is just as unwilling to hear contrary points of view about Canada as the American media is to hear contrary points of view about the US.\\" Chomsky goes on to note that Canadian universities refuse to pay his plane fare if he criticizes Canadian policies during his lectures. ...-- Chomsky does in fact say \\"Canada was always denouncing the United States during the Vietnam War for its criminal actions.\\" At any rate, this point, and the one about the apparent good manners of Canadian citizens, is merely incidental.<br />To conclude: this book belongs on your shelf and I recommend it without reservations to absolutely anyone. The originality and breadth of thought contained herein outmatch any other political Chomsky book on the market (the Chomsky Reader included), let alone those by other authors on similar subjects. This is the perfect volume for an introduction to Chomsky's political thought and a worthwhile addition to the library of even those who think they've already read everything Chomsky has to say.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Every now and then, Hollywood can surprise you with a good movie. This was one of them.<br />Michael Mann gives us a very beautiful and new perspective into the Cops and Robbers style movie. It pits two men, De Niro and Pacino, against each other in a game of wits. Both men provide some excellent performances, but not totally up to their best. Val Kilmer's role is by far the best, because it shows that the man can act. (Though recent films have said otherwise). The female roles are well-played, even the screwed up daughter played by Natalie Portman. All in all, this is a classic movie. The new-age French Connection.
B00005JKQX|5.0|\\"A Beautiful Mind\\" (2001)<br />It is hard to make a movie about mathematics interesting. I mean, I can barely sit through a math class without getting bored out of my skin. This movie is about mathematics and numbers, and it has a man I've never heard of in the lead character. A Beautiful Mind really had nothing going for it. But this movie surprised me a lot. I was thrilled to find out this was one brilliant film, and one that is surely going to knock the critics' socks off.<br />I wasn't that interested in the film at the beginning. But as I discovered as the film went on, this is one of those movies where the boring start is essential so the movie makes sense at the end. When I watch it next time I'll remember to look closer in the first few scenes. I think this'll be one of those films where you notice something different each time.<br />This is one of the few examples of performances driving an entire film. Russell Crowe is the head and shoulders of this film and his performance is indescribable. I can't exactly find the right word to pinpoint how brilliant he was in this film. All I can say is that he became John Nash, and delivered a career-best, and by far one of the best leading male performances of the last 20 years or more. Jennifer Connelly is superior to all the supporting actresses of 2001 and will get applause in bucketloads. It's about time she did too, the actress has been around for a few years and has never seemed to get that much recognition for her work. Ed Harris is also good, and his plot twists are shocking. Christopher Plummer is the wise-old-man of the movie (for a little while anyway) and provides much subtlety to the heart of the film. As do Connelly and Crowe, who have one of those rare chemistries and sparks on screen...it was wonderful to see them act together. <br />The direction by Ron Howard was incredible. As I was saying before, it is extremely hard to make an interesting film about a boring mathematician, but under Howard's impeccable direction and outstanding effort, the movie works on many different levels. As it turned out, this movie is not just about a mathematician and his numbers, its about hallucinations, schizophrenia, friends, socialising, and love overcoming all of these obstacles. <br />To write a screenplay that includes all of these things and does it in a beautiful way, ask no other man but Akiva Goldsman. He used to write silly drivel of films but the man is turning into a potential genius of the writing industry! He adapts this engrossing material with enthusiasm for making his characters 3-dimensional and I learnt a lot about the world in general in general from this film, its messages came across loud and clear, and with style. And all this is coming from the guy who wrote Practical Magic, Lost in Space and Batman & Robin. Whew! Really shows you how a guy can improve his writing skills, huh?<br />The score and music for the film is deeply affecting to the film's atmosphere. The score is very reminiscent of Titanic, with the same sadness, the same great use of a choir, and the same rightly chosen instruments to display the film's messages and morals. The song \\"All Love Can Be\\" was very touching. James Horner is the man!<br />This movie will hopefully be nominated, and maybe even win, a few Oscars this year. All I know is it deserves it as it by far the best overall drama I've seen in 2001. Amazing performances, incredible writing, great direction, awesome music, stunning makeup effects (wow, Russell Crowe looks 50 years older!), neat camera tricks, good sounds and moods...all of this combined make this an inspirational piece for people who like films, and more importantly, love, and life.<br />MY GRADE: A+
6305531374|3.0|Halloween: H20 is a fun movie, chase scenes with Michael Myers put you at the edge of your seat. The plot itself is a little weak, however, because honestly how would a mad man like Myers with nothing but killing on his mind survive for 20 years out of a nut house &quot;I guess he survived by eating rats or something.&quot;  Jamie Lee Curtis is back and in top form as Michael's sister from the first 2. Josh Hartnett (Black Hawke Down) is good as well as her son. All in all, H20 is good but only because of the good cast and the non stop fun, not because of the unbelievable plot.
B000062XMO|3.0|\\"Behind Enemy Lines\\" (2001)<br />Behind Enemy Lines was a movie I went to see purely because nothing else was on. I'd seen almost every movie that was playing and even though I really didn't want to, I went along to see Behind Enemy Lines. There were a lot of reasons I expected to highly dislike this film. I thought it would be just a bunch of mindless excuses for explosions with bad performances (mostly because I don't like Owen Wilson very much) and a way over-long running time. But to my utter surprise, I enjoyed almost every moment of this thrill ride.<br />The main reason Behind Enemy Lines works with its story-line is because it runs two stories at the same time and keeps us enthralled through both of them. The movie has a tendency to leave us in the Owen Wilson-getting-chased-by-baddies' most exciting scenes and change over to the less adrenaline charged but still interesting Gene Hackman-chasing-down-Owen-Wilson's-whereabouts' story. This leaves us hanging on the edge of our seats for more action and gives the movie way more intrigue. <br />The other thing that gives Behind Enemy Lines a kick in the right direction is the stylistic camera-work in the film. We get all kinds of different shots for all kinds of different action sequences. The hand-held camera work is very effective and makes the movie seem more war-like. The cinematography is neat in the way it can show endless styles to shoot scenes within the first hour but find plenty more to finish off the movie. It really shows how cinematography and shooting styles are advancing to new levels these days.<br />Of course, there is nothing more I enjoyed this movie for more than its entertainment value and action sequences. The action scenes are breathtaking and sometimes a little far-fetched but they are amazingly stylish and work into the movies plot in many ways. I especially enjoyed the first major action sequence in which Owen Wilson and a flight buddy dodge, dive and ditch the missiles that the baddies', the Somalians, are sending from the ground. This action sequence is fabulously original and uses a lot of visual and special techniques to get the overall result of one of the tensest scenes of 2001.<br />Unfortunately, the movie does have its problems. If you're looking for a movie with 3 dimensional characters, a plausible story and a lot of believable scenes that come from the heart, then I don't recommend this movie. The barely 1 dimensional \\"heroic\\" characters (especially Wilson's character) aren't likeable at the start. Um, Owen, are you completely blind or just stupid? He has just had his plane blown up, fallen through trees, and landed on unknown territory which contains some very dangerous people who were trying to kill him and his fly buddy about 5 minutes ago, and Wilson's character is able to crack smiles and make a joke?...  This movie needs lessons in being more plausible, because this movie got a right kick in the pants for that one scene.<br />... On the subject of lines and quotes, beware for the cheese that comes out of Gene Hackman's mouth in this film. The lines are not atrocious, but they aren't believable or easy to take seriously either.<br />This is one big package with the title ACTION BLOCKBUSTER stamped all over it. I guess you know what that means these days, in short: lots of adventure, lots of fun, but reasonably dumb.<br />MY GRADE: B-
B000056N8X|3.0|Highlander: Endgame actually does a good job bringing the series back to life after the second one killed it. Sure, the movie is bit of a mess, jumps from one thing to another and isn't as engaging as the original but still it is the only sequel that is worth watching. The lead villain may be played over the top, but what actor playing a villain in a Highlander movie hasn't given an over the top performance? Still, he is the easiest to bear since Clancy Brown in the original.<br />Seeing the movie Highlander and TV show Highlander together on the big screen is pretty damn cool, well, even if the underrated Christopher Lambert does totally out-act Adrian Paul. Yes, that's right, Lambert is underrated. I think he was a fantastic Tarzan and is a pretty decent actor.<br />This movie has the best DVD of them all too. It has lots of cool extra features, plus the interactive menus are pretty damn cool. I wish the first one had a DVD this cool. Now if only this movie brought back the theme from Queen, then it would of been the perfect Highlander movie.
B00003CXTG|5.0|The First Hour is Smaltsy but once the Attack begins the Movie is incredible. It definately does not feel like an 3hr movie.
0792156684|4.0|I've seen movie voting Polls where Titanic is called the best movie ever. They've voted it the best over films like Star Wars and Raiders Of The Lost Ark and I totally disagree. They called Leo better than Harrison Ford and Nicholson and I totally disagree with that too. Titanic is a good movie but it doesn't offer more than Star Wars or Raiders Of The Lost Ark. Cameron actually stole a lot of ideas from earlier films about the Titanic. For example, the scene where the violin guys stay on the ship together was a total reinactment from A Night To Remember. There are a lot more scenes other than that which he stole too; you just have to see for yourself. Check out A Night To Remember and you'll see this. Despite the slight rip-offs Titanic is still well made, mostly because the fantastic special effects make the sinking of the ship so believeable.
B00005JKYS|4.0|Very Good Movie but NOT as good as Black Hawk Down or Hart's War<BR>Mel Gibson, as always is outstanding. However, overall acting is a little dissapointing.
B00003CX8J|4.0|X-Men is one of the best comic book adapted movies, it's right up there with both the original Superman and Batman movies. Plus the guy no one ever heard of, Hugh Jackman, gives the breakthrough performance of the year as Wolverine. Anna Paquin, James Marsden, Famke Janssen, Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen shine as well. Halle Berry doesn't really work as Storm though; she doesn't have the tough look or right personality for the role. Angela Bassett would have been a better choice, possibly. Plus it would have been cool to see Beast, Gambit and Night Crawler in it, but I understand why they weren't, because who needs an overcrowded cast? The film had enough trouble giving enough screen time for the mutants that were in it as it as it is. Still, with those minor problems out of the way, X-Men is still my number #1 pick for best movie of Summer 2000.
B00005JKQX|3.0|I'll put it simply. I had no idea whatsoever what A Beautiful mind was about before I saw. I was therefore not influenced by all the hullabaloo regarding the veracity of the portrayal of J.Nash's life. In any case a movie cannot, and maybe should not describe anything like a real story. Z, the Costa-Gavras classic claimed any resemblance was NOT accidental. Well any resemblance between R.Crowe and J.Nash might therefore by accidental. <BR>It actually does not matter. Ron Howard tried to show us a schyzophrenic that survives because of love. We have a love story mixed up with One Cuckoo's Flew Over the Nest going forth and back and never really deciding where it ought to be. The link is never obvious and sometimes this smells like a poor melodramma, on occasions like serious stuff. <BR>Sadly it never decides which way to go and it stays somewehre in between. <BR>Is it a watse of time? Certainly not, Ron Howard has delivered an interesting picture, not a masterpiece, but worth a trip to the theater. In fact R.Crowe is the real positive surprise. Winning an Oscar usually suggests you are a second rate actor, winning it for Gladiator, a third rate one. Well, where it not for his Australian accent, R.Crowe would be great. As he is, he is just good. Mind you by cinema standards that is definitely good enough.
B00005LQ04|5.0|...POSSIBLY WRITE SUCH A THING. THIS IS A MASTERPIECE. MAYBE SOME OF YOU SHOULD OPEN YOUR MIND AS WELL AS YOUR EYES. IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN SUSPIRIA GO OUT RIGHT NOW AND BUY THE LIMITED EDITION DVD. TRUST ME.
B00005T33W|4.0|I will admit that I didn't like this movie very much after the first twenty minutes.  I thought this was going to be another \\"Daria\\", the \\"Beavis and Butthead\\" spinoff.  In that cartoon, the character Daria has a lot of good cynical observations about other people, but in the end, Daria really doesn't have anything of her own to offer, so it ends up as whining.  <br />Which is where I thought this one was going.  You have a couple of very intelligent recent high school graduates that, we are led to believe, participated in absolutely nothing in their four years, mostly because it was beneath them.  They are snobs about just about anything except themselves, but like Daria, contribute virtually nothing to make them interesting on their own.  <br />But this turns out to be just character establishment, and if you give the movie a chance, you see how life continues to chip away at the suits of armor the girls wear against the world. The blonde, Scarlett Johansson, cracks first.  She lowers herself to actually get a job, and even though she still agrees that most of her customers are idiots, she starts to see that, well, that's what people are.  And like it or not, you still have to exist with others to some degree.  <br />The unrecognizable, but still brilliant Thora Birch holds out a lot longer.  She makes almost no attempt to get a job, and with the one she gets, she refuses to play the game.  When she first meets the Steve Buscemi character, it's to humiliate him, then try to help what she sees as a total loser.  In her world, practically everyone is a loser, but if they are a big enough loser, this makes them cool to some degree, and worthy of attention.  There is a lot of mental work to be done when one has this personality.  <br />Besides the slow unraveling of the girls' shields, the movie is also great by not having a neatly wrapped up ending, either happy or sad.  Enid (Birch) finds that because she's bothered when people reject her, this must mean that she actually must care for these people, and therefore, must have feelings.  We don't see any clear direction of where she's going, but we do see an awakening.  She will probably never totally play the game, but with seven billion people in the world, there might be more than one that are worth associating with.
B00003CXWV|2.0|I really liked this movie!  They picked the perfect character for Pee Wee Herman to play.  I thought the movie was really good except for the constant whinning of his mother!  What about me????  What about me???  I't get's really old after awhile listening to her complain!  Otherwise I thought it was a great movie!  Johnny Depp was real convincing as a drug dealer.  My suggestion by this movie!
B00004U8P3|4.0|It's amazing that our family pops this movie in on a regular basis, and it still works as enjoyable viewing.  Never mind that the sequels have more dino footage, and more advanced dino footage, which is, after all, why we watch the films.  This film still has something which the other two do not have.  <br />In a word, chemistry.  While all the films lack any real character development, this one has more characters that we really care about.  With the others, you could pretty much predict who was going to get eaten first, as they generally went after the most unlikeable actors.  Yes, this one went for the blood-sucking lawyer first, but even he had some charisma.  In the other movies, we really didn't care that the \\"bad guys\\" got wasted.  In this film, we feel bad for just about all the victims.  <br />And yes, the number of dino-minutes are down in this film, but where they do occur, they are used well.  Our very first glimpse of the herds on the island is still breathtaking.  The feeding of the \\"veggie-saurus\\" by the kids is vintage Speilberg.  And the timing of the T-Rex coming out of the trees to chase the jeep is cut so tightly, one still is unsure whether they are going to get away, even after multiple viewings.  <br />I rate I, III, and II as my favorites, in that order.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|I really loved this movie!  I just love the adrenniline rush I get just from watching it!  Nicholas Cage is so cool in this movie!  I'ts action packed all the way!!  I could watch it over and over and over.  Wait a minute I have watched it over and over and over!  This is one definately not to be missed!  If you like hot cars and fast speed this movie is for you!!
0790732254|5.0|This movie is not only shocking, violent, dysfuntional and maniacal, it is also hystericaly funny! The one-liners are great(both by Martha and George). Taylor is breathtakingly fantastic as Martha and Burton is great as George. It is one of my favorite movies not only because of the great acting but also because of the gripping story that it presents so well.
6304806426|2.0|Ralph Fiennes is one of my favorite actors. Juliette Binoche is one of my favorite actresses. I really enjoyed Ondaatje's novel. Why then, is this movie so dull? Perhaps it suffers from trying to stick too closely to the half of the novel it tries to depict. Perhaps there is just a lack of chemistry between the actors (Defoe in particular lacks a necessary dangerousness). I don't know. I just know that I do not care for this movie. I suggest that you read the novel instead. Don't write off Ondaatje's work just because of this lifeless (though critically acclaimed) motion picture.
B00005JKED|3.0|Training day was a better than average cop movie but not as great as the hype. Hawke's performance is adequate and Washington's is very good but not quite oscar material in my opinion (I have seen much better performances not even be nominated). If it would have been up to me Crowe would have gone away with the best actor Oscar for 'A Beautiful Mind' in which he delivered a much more powerful, dramatic, oscar worthy performance than Washington in this film.
B000002UAO|5.0|To this writer, Rubber Soul is the first Beatles album that is absolutely essential for fans of rock music to own. On this release, the song writing was even better than on Help! for two major reasons. First, the lyrics were generally more meaningful and poetic, and second, they were beginning to experiment with different instruments and recording techniques. This review probably should be kept short because so many readers probably have either heard this album, or heard much about it. This album has to go down as containing some of John Lennon's best work. Norwegian Wood has the earliest known use of sitar on a rock record (played by Harrison), and it gives the song a meditative quality. Nowhere Man and In My Life are both emotional, and have strong introspective lyrics. Harrison contributed his two best originals up to this point, Think For Yourself and If I Needed Someone. Both have fine lyrics, the former featuring fuzz bass from McCartney, and the latter being similar to the work of the Byrds with a twelve-string guitar. McCartney had highlights as well with the catchy You Won't See Me (which had a unique and experimental droning sound at times), and the rocking I'm Looking Through You. This is an essential album with it's unmatched creativity, and quality song writing.
B00005JKQX|5.0|Although Crowe's behavior might have cost him the Oscar this does not take away from his brilliant performance as John Nash. I still don't understand how \\"A Beautiful Mind\\" could win best supporting actress and best picture and Crowe not win for best actor when his performance makes the movie. Conelly although good as Nash's wife is by no means better than Crowe and the movie would not have been what it is (a masterpiece) without Crowe's Performance. If your interested in the Psychology of the human mind or if you just want to see a great performance you should run to see \\"A Beautiful Mind\\".
B00003CXZ4|5.0|In a day and age where plot twists are common place, Memento takes it a step further.  Working itself foward and back at the same time.  A constant switch between grainy black and white film, and color film.  An entirely origional plot, terriffic dialoge, and superior acting make this movie an easy contender for almost anyones top ten movie list.  If a thinking movie is your thing, then buy this.  I guarantee you will watch it over and over again.  If your like me, you will not only be happy to pick up something new each time, but also you will try to see any screw ups with in the film.  Which I have yet to find one.  Which is a testament to the director and editors of this film, who have done a superb job of not mixing anything up in such a complicated story line.
B00005OM4N|4.0|if you haven't realized this by now, maybe you should have your hearing checked.  and if you're looking to buy it because you think maybe her voice has somehow turned into whitney houston's overnight, you're sadly delusional.  this is not an album one buys for the vocals.  buy it purely because it's fun to sing with.  if you take it solely at face value, it's a great album.  if nothing else, shell out the fourteen dollars (or buy it on tape...it's even cheaper), put it in your car, and turn up the volume.  you'll warrant odd looks from other drivers at stoplights, but it'll be highly entertaining.  and for godsake, give her a break.  if you were getting paid to do what she does, you would.  regardless of your talent.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|In a day and age where plot twists are common place, Memento takes it a step further working itself forward and back at the same time.  A constant switch between grainy black and white, and color film.  An entirely origional plot, terrific dialoge, and superior acting make this movie an easy contender for almost anyones top ten list.  If a thinking movie is your thing, then buy this.  I guarantee you will watch it over and over again.  If you're like me, you will not only be happy to pick up something new each time, but also you will try to see any screw ups within the movie.  Which I have yet to find.  And that is a testament to the director and editors who have done a superb job of not mixing anything up in such a complicated story line.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|How this movie didn't get a more wide release in theaters blows my mind. However, most people who see movies these days have a I.Q. of around 2, and after seeing this film would say, &quot;I don't get it...&quot; Well boo hoo..... Those of us that appreciate masterful film-making will add this movie to their collection immediately after watching it. This movie will get in your head and stick to your mind for weeks and maybe months and years. Go ahead watch it a few times. I guarantee you will take something new away from it with each viewing. If you are a true lover of film, walk no.. run to buy this movie! You won't regret it!
B00003CXZ4|5.0|In a day and age where plot twists are common place, Memento takes it a step further.  Working itself foward and back at the same time.  A constant switch between grainy black and white film, and color film.  An entirely origional plot, terriffic dialoge, and superior acting make this movie an easy contender for almost anyones top ten movie list.  If a thinking movie is your thing, then buy this.  I guarantee you will watch it over and over again.  If your like me, you will not only be happy to pick up something new each time, but also you will try to see any screw ups with in the film.  Which I have yet to find one.  Which is a testament to the director and editors of this film, who have done a superb job of not mixing anything up in such a complicated story line.
B00000JHAU|2.0|I'm a huge fan of indie-music and sometimes get sucked in by reviews of bands who are usually written by their fans. I was very excited to hear this due to comments that they were the \\"best band ever\\" and the comparisons to Simon & Garfunkel.<BR>To say the least, I was disappointed...
B00005T343|5.0|Harris is a literary genius. Scott is a cinematic genius. Hopkins<BR>is one of the all time great actors. Put them together and it's <BR>pure magic. I'm tired of all the sourpusses who didn't like the<BR>book because it didn't have a happy ending. Well, guess what. Life isn't a happy ending. I think the reason so many were unhappy with \\"Hannibal\\"(the film) was they wanted another \\"Silence\\" and it didn't happen. This is an entirely different film and shouldn't be compared to the greatness of Demme's \\"Silence\\". No, I never got scared like I did during the original.<BR>Who cares?! It's a bit campy but Hopkins and Oldman hamming it up<BR>is a wonder to behold.
B00005U18E|4.0|I must confess, I am something of a fanatic when it comes to both classic and new British literature. So, naturally, I loved the book Bridget Jones's Diary. I also loved the movie. Renee Zellweger was just sexy enough to let me believe that Hugh Grant and Colin Firth would fall for her, but bumbling enough to still be pure Bridget. This movie is worth seeing, even if you haven't read the book (and if that is true- shame on you! Buy it immediately!) If you are familiar with Pride and Prejudice, then you know how this one is going to turn out. It is an adorable romantic comedy, and it doesn't hurt that every time Colin Firth is on the screen he makes me melt. Enjoy!
0679777547|5.0|It doesn't hurt to know a little Latin and to have read Alexandre Dumas' The Three Musketeers, but it is by no means a prerequisite for delighting in Arturo Perez-Reverte's meta-thriller The Club Dumas.  Like the best kind of intellectual puzzles, the novel features a scattering of charts, diagrams, and pictures which invite the reader to actively participate in the solving of the mystery. Holding it all together is a sweeping and self-referential narrative that always amuses and entertains. Protagonist Lucas Corso is a savvy, pragmatic dealer in the exclusive and erudite world of book collecting. He is paid to find rare editions for collectors and to authenticate found fragments of original manuscripts. When, in the course of his searching, he also starts discovering dead bodies and links to satanic practices his mission becomes magnified greatly.  The solution to textual mysteries takes on greater implications when his own life and the cast of characters around him start to resemble something out of a 19th century action-adventure book.  Perez-Reverte is wily in the way he explores the themes of literature as taking on a life of its own and being the key to the ultimate mysteries.   By employing a kind of  intertextual motif he forces us to examine anew the way we, as readers, interpret and contextualize
B00005V1Y0|5.0|This movie is all of these things and more! The editing of scenes (a Baz trademark) as well as the interaction between characters is absolute genius.  Yes, it's choppy. Yes, it's fast paced. But isn't that the point? This movie is fun to watch, there is never a dull moment and Baz slows down where appropriate, as in the scenes with Fran's family. Scott's transformation from prize obsessed snob to tradition breaking love struck star is wonderful to watch. This movie keeps you on your toes, not only with the fast paced action, but also with twists and turns at every turn. You never know when Liz will show up screaming. If you enjoy Baz's style and you haven't seen this movie, you're missing out on a movie of pure joy. If you don't enjoy Baz's style, well then you're just missing out period. This is a great one- enjoy!
B00005V3Z4|5.0|I have seen it twice, and I am ready to see it again. This movie is amazing! From the very beginning I was completely captivated. This movie held my attention from the beginning to the mind-boggling ending. This one of those great movies that comes along every once in a while (the one's that rarely get much attention) and makes you stop and take a look at the world around you and even take a look at yourself. It is a thinking movie and not one that can be casually watched while you're doing something else. It requires your full attention. Not only for the full understanding of what is going on, but the full experience itself. I don't even want to ruin the experience by giving anything away other than the fact that it is about a troubled teen, Donnie Darko, whose life begins to spiral out of control after being visited one night by a 'friend.' I hadn't even heard of this movie before, since I live in a city where this kind of movie wouldn't get the kind of reception it deserves. I happened upon it, and read the reviews and decided to give it a shot. I am glad I did. It's eerie, creepy, beautiful, thought-provoking, stunning, striking, enchanting. I want to see more movies like this. The DVD is great and has lots of extras, including deleted scenes I would put this as a darker \\"American Beauty\\" with a twist of \\"12 Monkeys\\" and a dash of \\"Harvey.\\" Look closer, and you will see what I mean.
B000002P5W|5.0|Axis is often an overlooked hendrix album. People tend to focus a lot on are you experienced and electric ladyland but axis bold as love stand out as a really creative album. Hendrix adds a lot of depth to his lyrics with songs like castles made of sand if 6 was 9. There are also songs like she's so fine and got me floatin.
B00005Y228|5.0|I've been waiting for many years for Kylie's return to the US, & she's blown me away again!!A smashing video, naked in a classy way as only Kylie can be, & the single Can't Get You Out of my Head(can't get her out of mine) conquering our charts after taking the world by storm. Any one who loves pop/dance should appreciate this album! Not concerning herself w/ world issues, Kylie gives love thru her music, & quite aptly expreeses the ways love can feel(or should feel!)! A feel good drive with the windows down album,or you will want to hit the dancefloor!!If you haven't explored what Kylie has been up to the past 14 years it's time you did with Fever!!An incredible songwriter in her own right,the best when Live in concert, & a triple threat(she sings,acts & dances-US pop-Watch out!) You will be consumed by not only listening but by her magnetic presence & unflawed beauty! Yes, the green fairy Absinthe really does exist & her name is Kylie,She is Beauty, She is Love, & she will Entertain you!
B000002UVX|5.0|Band of gypsies is the only live album i own of hendrix and i'm really glad that I won it. The album captures a raw sound that is hard to capture in a studio. Band of gypsies is great also because you hear hendrix moving away from his 1960s sound at the perfect date-new year's eve 1969. This music has much more of a personal sound that his studios albums never quite managed to pick up on.
6305897786|3.0|Polanski's direction and the performances from Johnny Depp and Ms. Steigner are noteworthy.  But as i've said before it all starts and ends with the story.  And this one is indeed quite interesting but it never reaches any type of acceptable conclusion or reconciliation.  That's not to say that a film has to reach such an end to be considered good but this one in particular needed some sort of finality to it.  And that finality never comes.  However... the ride is very enjoyable but the ending (or shall I say, lack thereof) left me wanting.  <br />Throughout the film I felt almost like I was watching an old Hitchcock film.  The images and backdrops lend themselves to the creation of a rather dark and ominous mood.  It was palpable and quite well done I might add.  But to me the Amazon.com reviewer hit it right on the head... the film never really went anywhere.  Now I can compare this to another Johnny Depp vehicle \\"The Astronaut's Wife\\" which, without reaching any real sense of finality, was to me much more satisfying overall than the Ninth Gate.<br />So if you can enjoy the ride without needing an acceptable climax then this one may be right for you.
0671799320|5.0|This is a fantastic book.  Well written and a great history of petroleum industry.  Normally industry history books tend to be dry --- this is the exception.
B00005OAIE|2.0|OK, John, im sorry but a 2 was reluctantly given by me. I know of several of my friends that greatly enjoy Mayer's music, but personally, I find it rather bland.  Yes, he does have a unique and talented voice, however, his lyrics lack on the inspring side.  Without true inspiration, all you have is a good voice with no heart.  That is what John Mayer is.  Perhaps inspiration will be found by him in the future, but I doubt it.  So if you enjoy mindless uninspiring music then buy this CD and listen to it.  But I enjoy musicians that offer something in their music.
B000002NJS|5.0|For a long time Madonna has been thought as a cheap, sleezy, nontalented, sexaholic. That's until this album came out. This album proved her worth and her talent. It is the legand's most personal and paiseworthy album to date. Winner of four Grammys, Ray of Light is a great album worth your money..... BUY IT!!!!!
B00003CXZ1|1.0|Tomb Raider was better as a video game.  'Nuff said.
0060977493|1.0|What a horrible little book by a somewhat petty moralist. It was done better in \\"To Kill a Mockingbird.\\" Which apparently the author read.
B00005N83M|5.0|This album is half improved from on the six. The first half of the album delivers strong vocals with catchy beats. The second half differs little from On The Six although is a little improved. The album booklet for this cd was done very poorly. Her lyrics are done in black text on a plain orange background.<br />*indicates J. Lo helped write it<BR>Love Don't Cost A Thing-One of the strongest songs on the cd. This song is catchy and gets stuck in your head easily-5/5<br />*I'm Real-Good beat but the lyrics arent really singable. This is a good dance song-4/5<br />Play-This is my second favorite song on the cd. Catchy beat and great vocals make this one of the best songs. It makes me laugh when she says I just wanna dance. Is that a crime? This is a fun song-5/5<br />*Walking On Sunshine-I like this song.It has a latin beat-4/5<br />*Ain't It Funny-The original version of the Ain't It Funny remix, this song has a Latin beat and is very fast-4.5/5<br />*Carino-This song also has a latin beat. It is the first of many songs that sound like they have some annoying guy singing in them or maybe it is just bad singing by J. Lo but other than that it is a good song-4/5<br />Come Over-This is a slow song that when I heard for the first time I couldn't stand. Now I have started liking it and it is nice to throw in a couple slow songs on the cd-5/5<br />*We Gotta Talk-This song also has the annoying voice but J. Lo's vocals are excellent. I like the lyrics to-4/5<br />That's Not Me-This is one of the weakest tracks on the cd. It is not slow or fast and nothing special-2/5<br />Dance With Me-This song is pretty good but nothing special-3.5/5<br />*Secretly- This song is the other ballad on the cd. Although it is not as good as Come Over it isn't that bad-4/5<br />*I'm Gonna Be Alright-This song also has the annoying voice but is pretty good-4/5<br />That's The Way-This is a fast song but again it has nothing special and it has the annoying voice-3/5<br />Dame (touch me)-This songis a duet with Chayanne and is in Spanish-3.5/5<br />Si Ya Se Acabo-I don't like this song her singing in Spanish isnt very good-4/5<br />*I'm Real-My favorite song on the cd. I don't think she should swear in this though. It says in the album she helped write and puts Ja Rule's name no where. I thought Ja Rule wrote it??? Anyways this song is similair to Ain't It Funny.<br />Production-The production of these songs is nothing special-4/5<br />Design-The album cover is designed very poorly although it does have lyrics in it-3/5<br />Next Singles-Walking On Sunshine<br />Top 5<BR>1. Play<BR>2. I'm Real (remix)<BR>3. Love Don't Cost A Thing<BR>4. Walking On Sunshine<BR>5. I'm Real<BR>Overall J. Lo's album is really good but I am looking for improvments in her next non remix album.
B00005V3Z4|1.0|If you are looking for a horror movie, rent \\"Final Destination\\", if you are looking for psychosis, rent \\"In Dreams\\", if you are looking for imaginary rabbits, rent \\"Harvey\\".  There is nothing new here.  There are way too many plot elements that are never explored.  The basic plot is so flawed that even die hard sci-fi fans won't get behind it.
B000002UJQ|2.0|Radiohead, despite all the critical adoration, is Pink Floyd without pop sensibility.  I know most of the readers of this review will disagree, but good music generally has some sort of memorable quality to it, whether its a catchy hook or stand out lyrics. I appreciate the effort but after multible sittings with this album, I can't think of any particular moment that stands out.  In fact, sometimes it comes off as being pretentious.  But hey, thats just my opinion...
B000002UAI|4.0|Not top-notch like some other Beatles albums, but if it's Beatles, there is always good stuff. The best songs are John's classic \\"Eight Days A Week\\" and his great cover of Chuck Berry's \\"Rock and Roll Music.\\" John's singing, as usual, shines in both; he had showed what he could do with the lively old rockers in \\"Twist and Shout,\\" and this and the aforementioned (OK, Dizzy Miss Lizzie too) are his best covers. John also sings with feeling on Buddy Holly's \\"Words of Love,\\" and expands his lyrical horizons in the opening numbers.  Paul is fairly pretty in the cover \\"I'll Follow the Sun,\\" but \\"Kansas City/Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey\\" is too harsh for me.  You get to hear all the Beatles sing:  George does \\"Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby\\" and Ringo is the man in Carl Perkins' \\"Honey Don't.\\"
B000002UJQ|2.0|Radiohead, despite all the critical adoration, is Pink Floyd without pop sensibility.  I know most of the readers of this review will disagree, but good music generally has some sort of memorable quality to it, whether its a catchy hook or stand out lyrics. I appreciate the effort but after multible sittings with this album, I can't think of any particular moment that stands out.  In fact, sometimes it comes off as being pretentious.  But hey, thats just my opinion...
B000002R67|5.0|When I try to think of an album in which the music is polar opposite to the performer's characteristic sound, this is the one that come to mind.  In Winds of Change, the blues/rock, roots sound of The Animals metamorphoses into a darkly atmospheric, instrumentally sparse, poetically versed concept album of Eric Burdon.  It is a masterwork.<br />Though I say \\"instrumentally sparse\\" (certainly from a rock and roll perspective), this recording is at the same time instrumentally and atmospherically (with frequent sound effects) rich, and even occasionally lush.  As to sound effects, guess what we hear in the title cut and the next number, \\"Poem by the Sea\\"?  But violins and horns enhance a number of songs, and varied percussion and vibrations are often prominent.  The lead guitar usually sounds Spanish, not really flamenco, more soft and simple, without flourishes, to let Eric's spoken words be more dominant.  Indeed, Burdon pronounces the words very clearly throughout, unlike in some of his other work, creating poetry that punctuates an atmosphere that is usually haunting or dark, and often subdued.  The result is songs that are sometimes sensuous, and at other times beautiful and highly evocative.  The best case in point of the latter is the lovely ballad \\"Anything,\\" perhaps the best song on the album, with Eric expressing passionately what he would do for a friend, who seems to be a female, backed by pretty guitar and gorgeous violin arrangements.  Both \\"Good Times\\" and \\"San Franciscan Nights\\" are sweet and sentimental, and excellent songs.  The former is actually also sort of melodramatic, embellished by violins and the sudden appearance of a crowd.<br />\\"The Black Plague\\" and \\"Man-Woman\\" are not songs, but poetry surrounded by sound effects.  The latter is almost entirely percussion-driven (primitive-style drum beat), musically spare with orderly chants from Burdon to send his 60s message.  \\"The Black Plague\\" is about what it suggests:  a medieval tale of morbid woe, with plucked strings, low-pitched bass, eerie organ, (single chimes--triangle?), and church-style harmonic wailing backing Burdon's narrative.<br />\\"Hotel Hell\\" is the noticeably horn-backed number, to great effect.  It is precious, extremely evocative, even as it is bleak and despondent:  \\"And I, so very far from my home.\\"  It (so does \\"Good Times\\") seems to have an Old English feel.  Also lovely is \\"Poem By the Sea,\\" in which Burdon engages in introspection surrounded by guitar crescendos and psychedelia, and even a gong.<br />Other songs keep us more in the real world.  Fittingly, Burdon enlists the Rolling Stones' big hit \\"Paint It Black,\\" an authentic metaphor for this work, and makes it darker and more mystical, and intense, and, this time, we hear some blistering guitar work.  The title cut, with its signature sitar backing, and the finale, \\"It's All Meat,\\"  show Burdon chanting the names of familiar, accomplished, innovative musicians and scattered other people. In \\"Yes, I Am Experienced,\\" he answers Jimi Hendrix in one of the album's livelier numbers.<br />This is one of my favorites, but I acknowledge individual tastes could vary.  Regular rock and roll it isn't, but full of excellent, often very pretty songs; evocative lyrics; and a dark atmosphere it is.  Anyway, you have my view.
B00005JKED|4.0|Quicky review; nervous rookie narcotics officer with aspirations of making detective to better provide for his family is confounded to find his new boss, his new unit and the LAPD hierarchy hopelessly mired in corruption.  On his first day, he is forced to choose between his personal ethics and his career, maybe even his life, as events spiral out of control at a geometric rate.  Very entertaining, lots of action, great performances from Hawke and Washington - recommended.<br />Extrapolated review; when `patrol fairy' Jake (Ethan Hawke) earns an assignment to the LAPD Narcotics Division, he finds himself sucked into a vortex of malfeasance that will force him to either abandon his personal and professional ethics or give up his aspirations not just of making detective but making it back home to his family that night.<br />Lorenzo (Denzel Washington), Jake's new supervisor, immerses him into a what is essentially a boot camp of vice; from their initial exchange over the phone that morning he sets out to destroy all of Jake's previous notions of appropriate law enforcement technique and replace them with the unwritten rules of engagement his squad uses as modus operandi.  Thus it is that within minutes of meeting his new boss, Jake finds himself forced to smoke what turns out to be weed laced with PCP as one of many initiation rites.  That is probably the BEST thing that happens to him over the course of next twelve hours or so, because it's only downhill from there.<br />The following hours are spent alternately committing and interrupting acts of street crime as the day increasingly spirals out of control.  It becomes apparent that Lorenzo has recently beaten to death an individual connected to a Russian crime family.  His attempts to assuage the men he must answer to in LA and placate the Russians as the chickens come home to roost lead him into more and more acts of desperation to save himself.<br />Jake's attempts to control and minimize his level of participation in these events quickly put him at odds with Lorenzo and the rest of the squad and cause him to question whether or not they have set him up as a patsy from the start, or are they trying to quickly and inexorably engender him into the squad's corrupt machinations.  One option is as unattractive an alternative as the other as he tries to figure out how he can extricate himself from Lorenzo's grasp.<br />All the deserved hype about Washington's Oscar-winning performance notwithstanding, this movie is more about Jake grossly overwhelmed by the combined pressures of being a white rookie narcotics officer in a minority community and being witness to/participant in more crime being perpetrated by his fellow officers than the criminals they pursue.  His day begins with dreams of a nice house for his family, but his parade of rookie mistakes combine with Lorenzo's manipulations to lead him to the brink of death; early in the movie he and Lorenzo briefly yet heatedly debate the merits of street justice, but by the end of his training day he discovers, as does Lorenzo that street justice is all that's left.<br />***BONUS*** Fun cameo featuring Snoop Doggy Dog vomiting rock! Boo-yah!n in these events quickly put him at odds with Lorenzo and the rest of the squad and cause him to question whether or not they have set him up as a patsy from the start, or are they trying to quickly and inexorably engender him into the squad's corrupt machinations.  One option is as unattractive an alternative as the other as he tries to figure out how he can extricate himself from Lorenzo's grasp.<br />All the deserved hype about Washington's Oscar-winning performance notwithstanding, this movie is more about Jake grossly overwhelmed by the combined pressures of being a white rookie narcotics officer in a minority community and being witness to/participant in more crime being perpetrated by his fellow officers than the criminals they pursue.  His day begins with dreams of a nice house for his family, but his parade of rookie mistakes combine with Lorenzo's manipulations to lead him to the brink of death; early in the movie he and Lorenzo briefly yet heatedly debate the merits of street justice, but by the end of his training day he discovers, as does Lorenzo that street justice is all that's left.<br />***BONUS*** Fun cameo featuring Snoop Doggy Dog vomiting rock! Boo-yah!
B000002UAO|5.0|The Beatles turned introspective on \\"Rubber Soul,\\" beginning in earnest their display of lyrical depth while mellowing out their music somewhat.  As good as their earlier songs were, the entries here required more effort in structure and refinement as well as lyrics.  The Fab Four came through with flying colors.  John is diverse, with frustrated romance (\\"Norwegian Wood\\"), sarcasm (\\"Girl\\"), self-examination (\\"Nowhere Man\\"), and sentimentality in the beautiful \\"In My Life.\\"  As might be expected, it is John's lyrics that really displayed that newfound meaningfulness; \\"Nowhere Man\\" made us question ourselves and others, and is a turning point in Beatles message, a view to the future.  Paul stays romantic with the classic precious love song \\"Michelle\\" and \\"I'm Looking Through You.\\" George tells you to \\"Think for Yourself,\\" but also contributes one of his most evocative numbers, \\"If I Needed Someone,\\" with new economy in rhythm and a gorgeous guitar signature.  <br />Paul's \\"Drive My Car\\" is the only song that had the old Beatles character of up-to-then familiar rock sound.  It is noteworthy also that the melodic less-hard-driving rock and soft numbers on Rubber Soul had a richer, less syrupy feel than some of the old covers like \\"Till There Was You,\\" The Beatles' own \\"Ask Me Why\\" and \\"P.S. I Love You,\\" and other more fast-paced but pretty songs like \\"I'm Happy Just to Dance with You,\\" \\"It Won't Be Long,\\" and \\"Little Child.\\"   Saccharine was exchanged for texture, heavy rhythm was exchanged for subtlety.  Indeed, the group did not trade off in quality, but arguably enhanced it.
0871137380|5.0|Black Hawk Down (Signet 1999), written by Mark Bowden (a reporter at The Philadelphia Inquirer), is excellent reporting on the strategy and tactics of modern warfare.  The book covers an intense firefight, known as the \\"Battle of the Black Sea,\\" which took place on Sunday, October 3, 1993, in the middle of a marketplace in Mogadishu, Somalia.  On that afternoon, a combined force of Army Rangers and Delta Force were assigned the duty of kidnapping two top lieutenants of Mohamed Farrah Aidid (a warlord who headed the Habr Gidr clan) who systematically were robbing the starving populace of food delivered by the international community. The daylight mission was supposed to take one hour. Instead, two Black Hawks were downed by Somali fire and the American soldiers spent the night fighting thousands of armed Somalis.  The world awoke the next day to grotesque images of a Somali mob defiling and dragging the corpses of American soldiers through the city streets. Eighteen Americans had died, over seventy were badly injured and one had been captured.  Black Hawk Down reports on the terrifying night spent by the American soldiers between the time they were dropped by the Black Hawks in the marketplace and their rescue.<br />The book provides the reader a chilling view of battle as it reports sequences of scenes through the eyes of those who fought it.  In a description of a medic's efforts to save a young Ranger, Bowden writes:<br />\\"Give me some morphine for the pain! Smith demanded.... I can't, Schmid told him. In his state, morphine could kill him.... The young Ranger bellowed as the medic reached with both hands and tore open the entrance wound.  Schmid tried to shut out the fact that there were live nerve endings beneath his fingers.... He continued to root for the artery.  Every time he reached into the wound Smith lost more blood.  Schmid and Perino were covered with it.  Blood was everywhere.  It was hard to believe Smith had anymore to lose....<br />\\"We need medevacNOW.  We have [  ] critical who is not going to make it....<br />\\"Roger, understand.  We are pressing the QRF to get there as quickly as they can.  I doubt that we can get a Hawk in there to get anybody out, over....<br />\\"We are going to have to hold on the best we can with those casualties and hope the ground reaction force gets there on time.\\"<br />By interviewing the soldiers for their recollection of the events and juxtaposing it with transcriptions of radio tapes of the desperate calls for help, Bowden succeeds in conveying the sense of the horror of war in a manner that is more unsettling than most authors are able to do in their fictional or non-fictional books about war.  In that regard, Black Hawk Down is similar to \\"We Were Soldiers Once...and Young,\\" a book about infantry combat in Ia Drang, Vietnam, written by Lt. Gen. Harold G. Moore (Ret.) and Joseph L. Galloway (Random House, 1992).<br />Bowden provides such an in-depth account of the battle and so vividly relates the memories and opinions of the soldiers that it's hard to believe that he, himself, was not at the battle.  The author's skill in piecing together important sequences of events, his addition of ordinary details (for example, the soldier who wished he had made a restroom stop before the mission) and his description of the surrealism experienced by the soldiers (\\"this cannot be real!\\") give the reader a sense of  the realism of war. This is an impressive achievement given Bowden's lack of any military background.  <br />One criticism I have of the book is the author's failure to follow up on President Clinton's abrupt cancellation of the mission within days of the battle. While Bowden briefly touches on this issue in the Epilogue, he could have elaborated on this stage of events by addressing the soldiers' feelings and opinions concerning this issue.  There must have been a tremendous sense of frustration and a sense of \\"all this for nothing\\" for those who fought in the mission.  Perhaps there was no easy way to address this issue given that the soldiers were still active members of the military and their comments would have been too circumscribed. <br />Another criticism I have of the book is the author's reluctance to address the wisdom of the policymakers who authorized the mission.  To the extent he addresses it, he, personally, does not appear to find as much fault as one would think his book warrants.  He acknowledges, however, that the rest of the country may be of a different view, especially with respect to the President's role.  Bowden reported:<br />\\"At the Medal of Honor ceremony for the two Delta soldiers killed in action, [the author] read that the father of posthumous honoree Sergeant Randy Shughart insulted the president, telling him he was not fit to be Commander-in-Chief.\\"<br />Despite these minor shortcomings, I found the book to be a raw, gut-wrenching account that vividly captures the ferociousness of urban warfare. Black Hawk Down is written like an action novel; it's gripping and very easy to read.<br />The Battle of the Black Sea was the worst firefight since Vietnam, and is a battle that America has preferred to forget. But, so long as America engages in police action missions and OOTW, we must not forget October 13.  In an article in the New York Times (11/2/01), Somalia's president pleaded for America to re-establish relations with his country.  He urged American officials to end the cold shoulder treatment \\"and to realize that Somalia, although not perfect, could be much worse.\\"  I would highly recommend that everyone reads Black Hawk Down before America allows its leaders to re-engage with Somalia or to expand its peacekeeping role in places like Bosnia. After reading Black Hawk Down, this reviewer has an indelible image of young Americans going to a distant country to feed starving stangers and returning home in body bags.
B00005Y228|5.0|There is not much I can't say about how good this cd really is .  It just kicks major dance music [rear] on every cut. \\"Love At First Sight\\",\\"Dancefloor\\" ,\\"In Your Eyes\\", \\"Fever\\" and every song just gets better with each listen. The lovely Ms. Kylie is really at the top of her game. Plus you get two bonus tracks \\"Boys\\" a very Vanity 6/Prince type song and \\"Butterfly\\" from her last Cd \\"Light Years\\" are welcome additions. Buy it now!
0767819594|4.0|Drama can sometimes be hard to deal with, and above all this movie made you think. You often wondered how the (barely existing) consciences of Sebastian and Catherine allowed them to get away with their various and sundry, petty and not-so-petty crimes. Cruel Intentions is the best possible title for this film, because it describes perfectly what you will see when you watch it.<BR>I did experience an odd epiphany at the end of the movie. I found myself hoping, in a strange way, that Katherine would win. Yes, that she would come out on top, even though she was the cruelest of the cruel in this film. I realized that I wanted her to give her speech and just keep rolling her eyes afterwards and planning the inevitable &quot;excitements&quot; ahead of her in the coming year. I suppose it is the power of the movie to bring out the strangest feelings in people, since I, like many, do not normally agree with the villian.<BR>I enjoyed this movie. Star power can sometimes overpower a movie, but in this case it set it free. And it was good to see five or six familiar faces. In a movie where everything everyone does is wrong, the only way a character seems relatable is if you can see their face and connect it to a different experience. A 3.5-4 star movie.
B00005RY7X|1.0|I am having trouble understanding as to why this is getting such great reviews.  I mean true, this is the funniest thing to come around since Prince, but [what the heck].  The minute I saw this clown on MTV I was shocked back into 1984 and wondering why if I was supposed to be PARTYING HARD, I was more compelled to leap out the second story window.  That and I had to jump on the innerweb and try and find who this guy was.  Don't you usually have to be someone in the music industry to call your band your name.  Make it big with a band like hmmm Black Sabbath.  Look at me I'm Andrew W.K. I'm ready to [stink] from day one.  Well, I'll do one thing and that's follow the big W.K.'s advice and party till I puke, but more likely it's from hearing this music and laughing mid sip of booze.
B0000640VM|4.0|This is my favorite Disney movie of all time. While those words don't exactly give merit to how great this animated film is, they do explain my excitement over the fact it's being released on DVD. Loaded with features, I can't wait to add this to my collection.<br />A twist on Oliver Twist, Oliver the kitten is orphaned, and left in the street. But he's adopted by a street savvy pack of dogs who help him return to his rightful home. <br />Every single song is timeless, whether it be by Bette Midler or Huey Lewis or Billy Joel, you're guaranteed to be singing them for days.
B00005MK9Y|5.0|This is one of the best albums ever recorded. &quot;War&quot; alone is worth the purchase price (full retail).  There are few enough albums with one great performance or one great song.  This one has five (War, Is this love, rebel music, lively up yourself and jamming).  I never saw Marley perform, but it is clear from this collection that he was a performer of great passion.   And, with a band that understood that passion, and provided a hypnotic foundation for it.   This is a &quot;desert island&quot; CD.
B000060P79|5.0|of course not... it's a great cd, even though the guys are from canada! i've just been listening to this cd nonstop lately and i can't put it away... it's one of the best! anybody who listens to punk and doesn't have this cd should shoot themselves... or just pick up the cd!
0316776963|2.0|The book is compromised of a series of essays about his life but I didn't think David Sedaris got his point across in this book. Or if he did, it flew right over my head.  The stories were cute and funny but not at all moving like I was told they would be.  A book that would be enjoyed by those that enjoy a book filled with short stories/essays.
B000002H6C|5.0|In my opinion, this is Metallica's best album, although everyone else disagrees, saying that Master of Puppets is. And another thing, I don't know why the hell everyone's bitching about the production of this C.D, because it sounds just as good as any of their other C.ds, including The Black Album. This album also contains some of Metallica's best songs ever, most notably ONE. And Kirk Hammet has got to be one of the best guitarists to walk on the face of this earth.Thank God for Metallica, because they showed how great metal really was back then, because now I have to listen to talentless, ... bands like Korn, Slipknot, Limp Bizkit and Mudvayne to name a few. And I also thank them for making And Justice For All, one of the greatest albums ever. LONG LIVE METALLICA!!!!!!!!!!
0385335482|5.0|I have never laughed so hard while reading a book as I did with Confessions....<BR>I highly entertaining novel about a women who tries to cut back on her expenditures.  While cutting back she finds one excuse after another to spend more money. It's highly entertaining and witty.  Excellent book!!!  My favorite part?  The letters at the beginning of the chapters written from her band.  A wonderful book!
B00000272N|4.0|Although not as good as Dirt or Jar of Flies, it's still a great album, and contains one of AIC's best songs ever, Man in the Box. But my opinion is that Facelift is more of a metal album than a grunge album, excluding Man in the Box. Another thing is that while practically all of the songs from Dirt are at least good(excluding the pointless bonus track), Facelift has a few mediocre songs. The only thing that is better about Facelift is that Layne Staley's vocals and Jerry Cantrall's guitar playing are both superior to what's on Dirt. Noneoftheless, it's still a great album that all you metal or grunge lovers should have in your collection.
B000063CPL|5.0|Not only has Maiden become a force again in the studio, but they prove to the doubters that they can still kick [but] live as well.  For those that gripe about hearing the \\"same songs as on other Maiden live recordings\\", have you forgotten the new 3 guitar sound?  Mixed to perfection, Maiden has a new thickness, depth to their live sound that makes all of their songs sound fresh live, no matter how many times you've heard it.  <br />Bruce sounds like he's still in his 20s, and the rest of the band is sharp as ever.  While I'm not the biggest fan of Gers myself, he does lend a certain personality to the live performances.  <br />So if you are a Maiden fan, or if you just like good live music, this is the CD to get.  As for the others that chose to run down Maiden...screw'em.  They obviously don't know what a real metal band is supposed to sound like.  Guess that comes from listening to too much Papa Roach and Slipknot...
B000002H33|5.0|This album is one of metal's finest hours. Metallica are one of the greatest bands in the history of rock, and this C.D proves how talented they really are. But although it's such a great album and all the critics say it's their best album, I have to say that And Justice For All is my favourite Metallica album. So if I had a choice, I'd have to say that this is their second best album.<BR> So if you want to hear what classic metal sounds like, don't waste your time listening to ...[stuff] like Korn, Limp Bizkit and Slipknot. Instead, pick up this masterpiece, and prepare to be amazed.
B00000I3JO|5.0|This is a tip for all you Blue Nile fans out there dying to hear something new.  Check out Chris Botti's \\"Midnight Without You\\".  The Blue Nile sing the title track and it's good enough to have been on \\"Hats\\"!
B00003CY0V|4.0|While Swordfish may never be a contender for any type of award it is good, solid entertainment.  It's the first movie in a long time that I've watched more than once.  While this may seem to be a departure from most films where the bad guys lose you have to stop and ask yourself just who are the bad guys in this film.  Either way, the view comes ot the winner on this one!
B000063K5W|5.0|Written, directed and starring John Cameron Mitchell,this film categorizes itself as a \\"post-punk rock neo glam rock musical\\". I say it's in a category of it's own.  And it completely blew me away.<br />Hedwig is the most outrageous transsexual character that has ever graced the stage or screen.  The audience gets to know Hedwig as a REAL person and not a cartoon character. We see his childhood in East Germany, his romance with an army sergeant, the pressure he feels to have a gender change operation in order to marry his love and leave the oppression of the communist world.  This story and the subsequent plot complications are told in flashback against a background of original rock music, whose lyrics throb with the meaning of love and the nature of gender.  The sets are original and there's even a sequence where the audience is invited to sing along by following a bouncing ball.  The story races along and there are animation sequences as Hedwig searches after lost love and a quest for gender identification.  The costumes and wigs are magnificent and the camerawork makes the most of the space and balance of energy.  It's an elaborate production.  And it also has something important to say.<br />I loved the lights, the action, the camera, the costumes, the music, the story.  But most of all I the loved the characters.  Hedwig is simply wonderful!  It's not for children though, or religious fundamentalists, or people easily disturbed by transsexualism.  But for anyone who wants to see a fantastic rock musical that will make you think as well as entertain, don't miss it.  Recommended for those hearty few.
0790729628|4.0|Saw the Original in a movie theater. Combination of Film Noir + SF made it unique in my mind. <BR>5 Stars will be both Original &amp; Director's cut in the same pack.<BR>The Director's cut is more brooding and dystopian. If the Director wants to make his cut, why doesn't he let the public choose? I own the Brazil collection with both versions. I spent a lot of money in buying the DVD and find myself unable to match the magic left by my first screen visit.
B00005A1PR|5.0|India Arie has one of the most beautiful and captivating voices I have heard in a very long time. Her debut album ACOUSTIC SOUL is nothing short of amazing folks. It's filled with songs of inspiration and songs about respecting yourself and demanding respect of yourself. The lead single Video is a breath of fresh air in the R&B/soul community, as is this album. Video is a song about accepting yourself for who you are, and not giving into society's demands of how you should look and act. A very inspiring and much needed message today. Strength Courage and Wisdom follows the same vein as Video, another great message. As well India's smooth voice graces such beautiful love songs as Ready For Love (the most beautiful song on the CD), Always In My Head, Beautiful and more. Overall ACOUSTIC SOUL is a welcome addition, and I look forward to seeing more from India, she has qualities that are missing in R&B today, which appears to be mostly cookie cutter generic rip offs of each other, but this is a breath of fresh air. Give it a try!
0783225970|5.0|A great script written by a great writer, Oliver Stone (previous Academy Award winner for \\"Midnight Express\\" as a screenwriter), a great director, a great actor (surrounded with great supporting roles, Steven Bauer, Michelle Pfeiffer, Robert Loggia, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, and also F. Murray Abraham, who had to win the Oscar as Best Actor the following year for \\"Amadeus\\"), a great producer, a great composer (Giorgio Moroder, \\"Midnight Express\\", \\"Flashdance\\"...), and you can't have anything else but a great movie. The story and the dialog are superb, the action is perfectly choreographed.<br />There are very few elements taken from the original \\"Scarface\\" and this is good, it makes the story look entirely original, and it is. The character is not Tony Camonte but Tony Montana, he's not Italian but from Cuba and he doesn't act in Chicago but in Miami, under the tropics; he's not in alcohol but in cocaine. He reaches the American Dream but he does it after a mass killing; and (this is the most ironic thing) it's the only murder he refuses to commit that costs him his life.<br />The very violent ending reminded me about \\"The Wild Bunch\\" and its unceasing, incredible, mass shooting, very well filmed and edited. An excellent movie; no matter what the 80's ignorant critics said about it, always fond of clean and romance in movies. In \\"Scarface\\", there's no romance (Tony loves only his little sister, his \\"blood\\", but of course it's not romantic) and it's dirty and violent, but it's great, and the violence is beautiful... The very first modern gangster movie, and a fantastic one.
B00004RJ71|5.0|this is the best movie ever it really shows you what its really like in east la its pretty violent but great i would say buy the movie or dvd i hevent seen the dvd but the vhs is if you like these kind of movies you should see COLORS, american me, mennace too society, boys in the hood,and thicker than water. and music from south central cartel mack 10  lil rob frost mr sancho knightowl and others
6305841861|4.0|*<br />Oddly enough, there is still some confusion over Sam Raimi's (''Is It A 'Sequel?'; Is It A 'Remake?'; Is It A 'Requel?'; Is It A 'Semake?''') movie, ''Evil Dead II.'' This confusion is not entirely unwarrented, however.<br />The assigning of the number ''two'' in the film's title automatically suggests that the film is a sequel (i.e., a 'second chapter' in a continuing saga). However, the events which take place between both films make it patently obvious that ''ED2'' is NOT a sequel.<br />In the first film, main characters Ashley and his girlfriend Linda arrive at the cabin with his sister and a couple of friends, everyone [except?/including? Ash] dies, and the ''Book of the Dead'' is destroyed in the fire. If ''Evil Dead II'' was intended to be a sequel to the first film, then who relocated the cursed isolated cabin atop a dizzyingly high cliff, and just how crazy would Ashley have to be in order to return there, where he either nearly lost his life or completely lost it before his miraculous resurrection, and how crazy would his resurrected girlfriend Linda have to be for tagging along with him back to the place where she was possessed by the evil undead and decapitated only to be repossessed and decapitated again, and why would she receive the same necklace and charm she had already received earlier and act all ga-ga as though she were receiving it for the very first time? And just how did the previously destroyed ''Book of the Dead'' suddenly rematerialize? It could all happen only if ''ED2'' was NOT a sequel.<br />What is it, then? Is the movie's title a ''play-on-words''-- i.e., ''The Evil Dead, TOO'' --meaning that the film is a ''remake?'' No, because, again, despite the many similarities between the two films (including the ''return'' of two key characters: Ashley and Linda), the overall theme, pacing, and introduction of a whole new set of supporting characters totally rule out any idea of this film's simply being a remake of an original. The title's inclusion of the number ''two'' is also clear indication that this film is something other than a remake.<br />So what's going on? How does one make sense of this seeming paradox brought about by these two radically similar yet radically dissimilar films?<br />I cannot begin to speak on behalf of the films' creator(s), but I personally find clarity in the titles of the two films. ''The Evil Dead'' is the ''official'' version of the film -- in other words, ''ED1'' is ''THE'' Evil Dead movie; ''Evil Dead TWO'' is actually the ''SECOND VERSION'' of ''The Evil Dead'' ... i.e., it is a ''NEW INTERPRETATION'' of the ''official'' film: Therefore, ''&Eacute;D2'' could just as easily be called, ''Evil Dead 2[nd version]'' or ''Evil Dead 2[nd interpretation]'' for clarity. ''Evil Dead II'' is a ''STAND ALONE'' FILM, apart from ''Evil Dead I'' ... ''Army of Darkness''-- the so-called 'third installment' of the ''Evil Dead Trilogy'' --is specifically a sequel to ''Evil Dead II,'' NOT a ''continuation'' of the entire ''Evil Dead'' storyline.<br />Now whether ''ED2'' is the film Raimi and company ''would have'' made initially if their first ''Book of the Dead'' project (''Evil Dead's'' originally intended title) had access to the bigger budget the second film enjoyed is known only to Raimi and company: Judging from the similarities and differences, one can only guess. By direct comparison, ''ED2'' is much more of a lighthearted slapstick than its predecessor and the very graphic gore is more for storytelling and visual effect than for the shock value of the first film.<br />In ''Evil Dead II,'' Bruce Campbell reprises his role as Ash; the role of his girlfriend Linda, originally portrayed by Betsy Baker, is now taken over by Denise Bixler. The supporting characters are comprised this time of a couple of country hicks and a couple of archaeologists, one of whom happens to be the adult daughter of the cabin's previous occupant -- the man who first unwittingly released the evil entities into the surrounding woods by means of an ancient incantation from the ''Book of the Dead'' (the same entities which have been unwittingly re-released by Ash when he replays the incantation that had been left recorded on tape by the previous occupant).<br />As in the first film, the woods themselves come alive and prevent anyone from escaping their impending doom. But this group of unlikely heroes have an Ace in the hole: The daughter was paying a visit to the cabin in order to present her father with their latest and most significant find -- the 'lost pages' of the ''Book of the Dead,'' which include, among other things, an incantation to dispell the evil. So whereas ''Evil Dead I'' was a massacre  in a one-sided losing battle, ''Evil Dead II'' is full-scale war from start to finish.<br />Bloody, hysterically funny at times, and packed with more memorable one-liners than a Steven Wright concert, ''Evil Dead II'' is definitely a welcome addition to any personal movie library ... don't let the hardcore ''Old School'' Evil Dead-ites dissuade you, or you'll miss out on a unique and enjoyable experience.<br />* * *ntities into the surrounding woods by means of an ancient incantation from the ''Book of the Dead'' (the same entities which have been unwittingly re-released by Ash when he replays the incantation that had been left recorded on tape by the previous occupant). <br />As in the first film, the woods themselves come alive and prevent anyone from escaping their impending doom. But this group of unlikely heroes have an Ace in the hole: The daughter was paying a visit to the cabin in order to present her father with their latest and most significant find -- the 'lost pages' of the ''Book of the Dead,'' which include, among other things, an incantation to dispell the evil. So whereas ''Evil Dead I'' was a massacre  in a one-sided losing battle, ''Evil Dead II'' is full-scale war from start to finish. <br />Bloody, hysterically funny at times, and packed with more memorable one-liners than a Steven Wright concert, ''Evil Dead II'' is definitely a welcome addition to any personal movie library ... don't let the hardcore ''Old School'' Evil Dead-ites dissuade you, or you'll miss out on a unique and enjoyable experience. <br />* * *
B00005JKJA|5.0|Let me start by saying that I was (and still am)a HUGE \\"Twin Peaks\\" fan, and consequently became a huge David Lynch fan, it's a natural progression.<br />I always thought \\"Blue Velvet\\" was Lynch's film masterpiece, as did most of his fans and film critics as well.<br />The reason that film went over so well was that it was pure Lynch:odd,erotic,surreal but strangely fascinating at the same time, and it was even more of those things back in the mid 80's.<br />The thing about \\"Mulholland Drive\\" is that it's 2002, and this movie illicits the same feelings, even more so.  It is so difficult to shock, fascinate or even interest movie fans these days.  In our society, nothing shocks us anymore.<br />This man truly has a gift, and I don't know that we will ever see another director in our lifetimes that can match his gift, he is WAY ahead of his time.<br />There is one word to describe this film: HYPNOTIC.<br />It truly is his masterpiece, and it's not as hard to figure out as most people think.  As far as the acting, Naomi Watts deserved an Academy Award for one of the best performances by a young actress, and a newcomer at that, as I can ever remember seeing. Laura Herring was very good as well, as was Justin Theroux.<br />It is pure bliss for Lynch fans, with the usual surreal musical sequences and nightmarish visions we have come to know from some of his previous work.<br />There is however, one element that has been lacking in some of his other films: CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT.   Even though for most of the film we're not exactly sure who the characters are, or even if they are real, we fall in love with both of the female leads in a way that has been missing with some of his lead characters in other films.<br />And I think that is the final piece of the puzzle that makes this film an absolute piece of cinematic brilliance from beginning to end.<br />For non-Lynch fans who watch this film, all I can say is:  Try to keep an open mind and enjoy it, don't try to figure it all out, just let yourself get caught up in this remarkable piece of work, you will not regret it.
B000000W5N|5.0|This is,for me an album that captures all of the essence of that early years.So far the best Stone's album with great feelings from blues to rock'n roll.Great songs, lyrics,instrumental sets and Jagger's voice like never tasted until now!!!Magical moments<BR>and this is perfectly for those interested in blues-rock roots!<BR>All of the band was at the most high top of his stelar career!! <BR>An historical album.Essential!!!!!
B00005QZ7U|4.0|To tell the truth i had to watch the first half hour 3 times before i could stand to get past it but after that it was wonderful a lot of people are judging the whole movie on the first 20 min but is a good movie and i accually enjoy the first 20 mins now that i have watched it all the way through. Although It is a origional movie it is a little over hyped and over rated thats why i gave it 4 stars
B000002IOW|1.0|Boring, as someone else said, Presto is &quot;slobbery&quot;. the only song that's cool is Show dont tell. The others are forgettable and fillers. I mean, listen to them trying to emulate &quot;zen&quot; moods in some of the songs! Horrible! It good to know that after this one came the exciting Roll the Bones. <BR>Masterpiece? Only for fanatics...
0790729628|5.0|Contrary to the opinions of the reviewers here, I believe that the Director's Cut of Blade Runner is far superior to the original release. Having both the original and director's cuts on video, and the Director's cut on DVD, I've watched the movies probably fifty times over the years.<br />The original cut worked almost in spite of itself; Harrison Ford's narration moved the movie in a particular direction at a particular pace. Unfortunately, it also left very little regarding the story open to the imagination, or to interpretation. While the narration created a vaguely &quot;noirish&quot; feel (maybe), it actually undercut the ambiguity that Scott was going for (and which the best film noir work has).<br />The Director's Cut remedied the flaws: it got rid of the narration, which slowed the movie down a little bit, forcing the viewer to follow and try and make sense of the film (which to my mind is a _good_ thing); the more ambiguous ending fits far better, I think, with the fundamental questions concerning the nature of humanity which Scott attempts to explore throughout the film. From Sean Young's &quot;personal question&quot; to Deckard (&quot;Have you ever retired a human by mistake?&quot;) to Deckard's own struggle between his responsibility as a Blade Runner to off Sean Young's character, and his growing empathy/love towards her.<br />The original cut was a good to very good film; the director's cut is far superior.
B000001ESP|5.0|My deepest sympathies go out to the youth of today.  People who grew up in the 60s, 70s, and even the 80s had a plethora of great albums to look back on and smile.  They are able to call Who's Next, Electric Ladyland, Appetite for Destruction, Physical Graffiti, and Sgt. Pepper's their own.  What do the poor kids in the start of the 21st century have?  Chocolate Starfish?  Iowa?  Antichrist Superstar?  Enema of the State?  And the trendies wonder why we hold onto our classic rock.  Rush's Moving Pictures is one of the albums that, even though it was &quot;corporate&quot; rock, takes us back to a time when something that actually resembled integrity existed within the music industry.  When you listen to it, you are transplanted back to a time before whining about your life on top of sloth-like chord progressions became the hip thing to do.  Next, you sit in disbelief as to why the Golden Age came to end and if it will ever return.<br />Moving Picture's was probably Rush's highest selling album, and with good reason.  It shows the band going even farther away from their Sabbath / Zep roots and into more experimental territory.  The album may be a little keyboard heavy for hard rock fans, but it is essential for those who place high standard on musicianship.  Alex Lifeson, who started out pretty much copying Tony Iommi and Jimmy Page, really developed his own style here.  Geddy Lee's singing and bass playing improved a lot over the years.  It's hard to believe he can do both at the same time.  Neil Peart's drumming and lyrics just as impeccable as ever.  How these three immensely talented individuals found each other I'll never know, but Thank God they did.<br />This is my take on the songs:<br />1.  Tom Sawyer - Rush's most popular song.  If you have a classic rock station near you worth anything, you heard it before.  The guitar and drum solos are phenomenal.<br />2.  Red Barchetta - One of the band's last excursions into sci-fi.  The guitar textures on this song are beautiful.<br />3.  YYZ - One of the greatest instrumentals ever recored.  Hard rock, funk, jazz fusion, and a shredding guitar solo all in one song that never deviates from the point.<br />4.  Limelight - The most commercial track on the album, but still a winner.  The lyrics deal with being a celebrity, its advantages and drawbacks.<br />5.  The Camera Eye - The eleven minute centerpiece about urban life.  Utterly flawless.<br />6.  Witch Hunt - Slow and dark track which sums up just about everything wrong with the world - censorship, bigotry, ignorance and stupidity.<br />7.  Vital Signs - Sounds a little bit like The Police.<br />I said it before and I'll say it again; Moving Pictures comes from a time when even though music was a profit-intended product, it could be a profit-intended product to be proud of.  Corporate rock rules.beautiful.<br />3.  YYZ - One of the greatest instrumentals ever recored.  Hard rock, funk, jazz fusion, and a shredding guitar solo all in one song that never deviates from the point.<br />4.  Limelight - The most commercial track on the album, but still a winner.  The lyrics deal with being a celebrity, its advantages and drawbacks.  <br />5.  The Camera Eye - The eleven minute centerpiece about urban life.  Utterly flawless.<br />6.  Witch Hunt - Slow and dark track which sums up just about everything wrong with the world - censorship, bigotry, ignorance and stupidity. <br />7.  Vital Signs - Sounds a little bit like The Police.  <br />I said it before and I'll say it again; Moving Pictures comes from a time when even though music was a profit-intended product, it could be a profit-intended product to be proud of.  Corporate rock rules.
B00005V9L1|5.0|Do not listen to that woman Maria who didn't seem to &quot;get&quot; the film. She obviously has limited intelligence. Donnie Darko is one of the most brilliant,well done, touching,and captivating films I have seen in a long time. It is a lot like a Dali painting because it leaves a lot to question. One can draw his/her own conclusions about what the true meaning of the film is.That is probably why Darko's less intelligent viewers do not &quot;get it.&quot;
B000003BEV|2.0|The only things worth having on this album are &quot;She's A Rainbow&quot;, &quot;2000 Light Years from Home&quot;, and &quot;Sing This Song All Together.&quot; You can get two of those, plus the very good single &quot;Dandelion&quot; on Thru the Past, Darkly.
6300213803|5.0|They did not want to repeat what happened with Star Trek the Motion Picture, which was an interesting film in my opinion, but it was not the most well-received. So they pulled out the stops for the second movie, and completely committed to a \\"Star Trek\\" film, not just a science fiction movie, which ultimately was all the first movie was.<BR>The result was a masterpiece. An all-star cast, a great script... his greatest enemy, a great fight... The science in this fiction was great, but it was not all there was to the movie: the creatures that were inflicted on Chekov and Terrell, Ricardo Montalban reprising his role as Khan Ooneyan Singh but now with a pathological obsessive hatred with Kirk that so consumes him that he can only express his hatred of Kirk through classical literature, the Kobiyashi Maru sub-plot that ties in at the end, the Genesis Device....<BR>This was the greatest Star Trek movie made. From one standpoint, they should have stopped here because there is no way that they could top it, but as a Trekkie(Reformed)and as a science fiction/fantasy fanatic in general, I am glad for the (most of them) movies after this, but this was their finest hour.
B00000DHRZ|2.0|This group gets more and more mature on every album.  After Smash because a big sucess, the Offspring decided to jump ship from their corporate music label and start promoting their music independently.  And they decided to start doing their own thing musically too, refusing to pander to the juvenile market and instead writing mature, underproduced songs that really reflect their punk roots.<br />American is easily the best Offspring album, so much that other artists consider is one of their biggest influences.  For example, it is very apparent to me at least that the Beatles ripped off Why Don't You Get A Job with their song Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da.  I am pretty sure that wannabe \\"punk\\" bands like Rancid consider the Offspring to be one of their biggest influences, even though those major label slaves Rancid are far too commercially minded to ever make a powerful artistic statement such as Americana.<br />Oh, and don't go thinking that the \\"mock-hop\\" song Pretty Fly For a White Guy and the rocking \\"The Kids Aren't All Right\\" are the best songs on this album either.  Nope, those are the worst songs here by far.  All the other songs on this album are way better than those two, in fact there isn't a sloppy one in the whole bunch.  The second song on this album, \\"Have You Ever,\\" may very well be the greatest song ever written, and it sounds absolutely nothing like anything off of the previous album.  In fact, this album sounds COMPLETELY different from Ixnay on the Hombre.  I sincerely hope you will buy it, because it is the most mature, artistic, beautiful, innovative, sincere Offspring album ever made.
B00005B4GU|5.0|When this album arrived in stores in the beginning of june 2001. it was a smash. it hit #2 in the US (if it hadnt been for Alicias Keys terrible album) this one had gone to #1.<BR>Ok so what. It went to #1 where I lived and stayed there for about a month. This album didnt though do so well it stayed high on the charts for a few months then just suddenly disapeared which is a shame because this is a damn fine album Ill tell you.<br />I dont blame those people people who think this album more as an EP. Because it is in a way. But the stuff on it is excellent.<BR>After some disapointment from Kid A. They made this album just released 8 months later. This is different from KId A. Not as strange (as some may recall it). It has a mixture of Kid A and Ok Computer but has its own chemestry. I Love the album. The arranging, the electrica work along with piano sounds and guitar riffs and some of the songs here you just cant get them out of your head. This album is great. And If you dont have it. Buy it. Its a great follow up to Kid A but better.
B00004XONN|5.0|Well, here's mine, the one single opinion out of all of them that's actually right.  Ha.  Just kidding.  Anyhow, no its not as good as the Bends or OK Computer, but its still a great album, unlike say a certain followup album of Kid A reject songs.  Its flawed, not as good as it could be, the hype for it is incredibly annoying, but five star material?  Yeah.<br />It starts out with the incredibly pretentious Everything in Its Right Place, which is probably a song whining about how Thom Yorke was supposedly having a mental breakdown when Radiohead was touring for OK Computer.  But its still a great song, kind of funny with the messed up vocals and cool keyboard noises.  Then comes the title track, which is just generally annoying and you'll want it to get over.  It has these pattering drum noises and jack-in-the-box keyboard notes that remind me of music you'd play in a baby's crib or something, its kind of dumb.<br />Then comes The National Album (excellent title) which has this really groovy, addictive bass line and ends with a bunch of annoying horns blaring.  Supposedly Radiohead was trying to convey the feeling of being in a traffic jam and being frustrated or something to the listener.  They shouldn't have bothered, I'm not the kind of person who wants to plunk down my cash to that.  I hate it when art statements are made at the expense of the song.<br />How to Disappear Completely is a more straightforward guitar ballad, a great song, and then comes Treefingers which is a good nap, a bunch of boring synthesizer puddling ambience.  Just compare it to NIN's A Warm Place, its kind of the same idea except NIN did the job 10 times better back in '94.  Optimistic, the song that got all the radio airplay, is the best song on the album, one of the few traditionally structured songs on here but still very experimental in tone.  In Limbo is alright, Idioteque is good but doesn't fit the album at all, Morning Bell is superb, and Motion Picture Soundtrack is a very modernsounding song that sounds exactly like what the title says it is.  In many ways this whole album sounds like a soundtrack to a movie instead of an album of songs, and that's not necessarily a bad thing.<br />So even though it sounds like I'm ripping on many of the songs, why is it still great?  Well, the main reason is that Nigel Godrich is an excellent producer, and the entire album sounds just gorgeous, very state-of-the-art, probably in the same way that Dark Side of the Moon sounded when it was first released.  Believe me, without the superb production it wouldn't be half of what it is.  Radiohead have become very pretentious and over-the-top on this album, and sometimes that will annoy you because they're really laying it all on a bit thick.  Also, even though there's not too many truly innovative things about this album other than the production, it does a good job showcasing the sounds of a bunch of other innovative bands.  Idioteque reminds me of Aphex Twin meets Autechre, Treefingers has a Brian Eno ambience to it, and the first song even reminds me of Moby for some reason, don't ask why.  I think Optimistic is the best song here, and the album really would have been more coherent if they had put more songs like it on and ditched songs like Kid A, Idioteque and Treefingers.  These songs aren't bad songs, but they just don't all work together because there's just no coherence here.  The main flaw with the album is that the moods just change too much from song to song, and that's kind of jarring, you can never really get into the album all the way.  I usually find myself skipping around certain tracks on the album, it sounds better that way.<br />Oh, and by the way, in case it wasn't apparent enough already, this album is the cap to a tryptch they started with The Bends.  The Bends is rock, OK Computer is rock meets experimentation, and Kid A is full-blown experimentation.  All three fit together perfectly, with OK being the glue that holds them together.  Kid A isn't as purely listenable as the other two, and that's why it isn't quite as good even if it is more &quot;out there&quot;.  Anyhow, I'm sick of talking about this album, Radiohead annoy me even if they are massively talented.  Later.
B000002LGQ|4.0|Well. Madonna of course needed some publicity with his album so <BR>it would sell and of course she chose to go all the way. This is one of Madonnas most controversial album to date. Merely because of Like A Prayer video. Madonna seems always need to express herself on one way or another. But I am a fan (not a huge I didnt like Ray Of Light). She always seems to take the videos and the songs for that matter dont necceserely matter. She always uses the hairstylists, the right costume designers and of course the right men to play with her and I just cant call her that much of an artists to say it. She is a great buisness woman and probably a deer in the sack. <br />But for the album which is in a way really good. The reason for the 4 stars in mainly that reason and of course that many didnt excactly call this album good or different from the previous work because of the Like A Prayer video. The album includes about 5 or 6 singels, but many of the songs here which werent released on singels were good as well. She co-writes all the songs here (at least thats what it says). And most of the lyrics are quite good in a way whats shes talking about. You cant excactly call her the best lyricist. Because sometimes the lyrics often sounds ridicilous or unprofesional. And theres of course the image. Yes she had different hair and style with every single from this album. But this album is one of her most succesful sold more than 13 milion copies worldwide and has become her fans favourite. Mine is EROTICA by the way.
B00005JKJA|2.0|\\"Mulholland Drive\\" was one of my favorite movies of 2001, and I was looking forward its DVD release. I am truly disappointed at what I found when I played it:<br />- While the transfer per-se is quite clean, and it offers you the choice of DTS sound, the DVD offers NO EXTRAS whatsoever, something that has become a common feature in all DVD releases these days.<br />- The worst part is how David Lynch purposely decided to not include CHAPTER STOPS!!! Apparently Mr. Lynch believes his movies should be seen from beginning to end, without interruption, so he decided to avoid such a standard feature as chapter stops.<br />While I respect Mr. Lynch's artistic integrity, I believe his stubborn attitude of avoiding features that are part of the DVD standards is doing nothing but annoy his fan base. What's more, I think this may be the result of Mr. Lynch not quite understanding the nature of the DVD medium, and the great potential that digital video formats offer.<br />Again, as I said in the title, this is a great movie, but a terrible DVD that doesn't do justice to the film's exquisite quality.
B00005JKNF|5.0|Altman, now in his seventies, is in the twilight of his career, and Gosford Park is the beautiful culmination of this master filmmaker's effort; that says a great deal considering a body of work spanning three decades full of experimentation, risk, and breathtaking results. Gosford is easily one of his finest achievements. Altman's love of filmmaking and, in particular, actors, is on rich display here; Gosford Park is an enchanting, gorgeous gift from the Movie Gods and a true swan song... a man who has given back so much to American film making over the past decades. It makes one wonder what these awards stand for. Altman is one of Hollywood's most talented artists - ..., it would start polishing his lifetime achievement award for next year.
B00005QY5Y|4.0|As an Englishman I'm not a lover of Country music, but I haven't stopped playing this since I bought it. An excellent listen. Brits go and buy this album - it's Country music... but not as we know it!!!
B00003CXXP|4.0|The premise behind this film is thought-provoking, sincere and brutally honest, as are the actors. Haley Joel Osmont and Jude Law stand out as two superb actors able to carry out their roles with perfection. The mix of Speilberg's directing and Kubrik's genius is evident in the format and dark style of AI. The special effects are phenomenal -particularly the &quot;mechas&quot; and New York City after the flood and the freeze. I found myself drawn to the complexities of human emotion, as well as the evils that may plague humankind. <BR>AI is able to provide us, in 2002, a rare and realistic glimpse into the future. As skeptical as some of us may feel about this statement, I believe that given the technology and power, society will eventually lead itself into this path of robotic engineering, cryogenics, and the &quot;Flesh Fairs&quot;, which is a step away from the current mindless program &quot;Junkyard Wars&quot;.<BR>Apart from being about half and hour too long and a little too sappy for my taste, AI is an intelligent film that was released about 100 years too soon. This film is not suitalble for the Hollywood obsessed masses whose idea of a good movie is &quot;The Fast and the Furious&quot;. It is only for those who are able to understand and appreciate science fiction at its best.
0804115613|5.0|This book left me stunned, I loved it. I just was looking for a book in the school library, and I saw a book with a cool looking name. I picked it up, and started reading. I started to read every once and a while, and then I couldn't put it down. Some things suprised me so much (but I don't want to give anything away), and it seemed like I was right there in Whistle Stop Cafe or the Rose Terrace Nursing Home. This book was absolutly GREAT!
B00005JKJA|5.0|First of all, I loved this movie and saw it a couple of times in theatres.  Had to own it the day that it was released on DVD.  I'm watching it now and it's still great, but I can't advance through the chapters (I'm an hour in and still on Chapter 1).  Was this intentional or is the DVD defective?  I have a feeling that it's intentional, but want to make sure.  Thanks!
B0000640VO|5.0|\\"Amelie\\" is a wonderful film in all respects: acting, script, direction, character development, suspense, comedy, originality  and even special effects. This joyous and touching film is so far from the formulaic junk they are cranking out in Hollywood these days that I hope they take note of it's fresh and original nature and  allow some fresh scripts to be produced. Of course what is more likely to happen is that  given its success, Hollywood will buy the rights, water the script down, call it \\"Emily\\" set it in New York or Seattle  and produce some cheese-processed English language version. But back to \\"Amelie\\". This film grabs you from the opening  and never lets go. It was really better than all the word of mouth hype I had heard- a rare event indeed.<BR>Prepare to be utterly delighted!<BR>Highly recommended!
B00005A46T|4.0|I have never been a fan of Slipknot (and I don't consider myself one now).  However, when Rolling Stone reviewed this album they called it one of the few nu-metal albums that would survive after the subgenre dies, and went on to call it the only nu-metal album with the potential to be called a classic, I had to check it out.<br />I was blown away.  When I heard Slipknot's self-titled album, I dismissed all the tracks except \\"Wait and Bleed\\" as so much noise.  \\"Iowa\\", however, deserves all the critical hoopla that came with its release.  As many, many reviewers have noted, the skills of the percussion section alone would make this album a worthwhile buy.  But what makes this CD amazing (and gives it the potential to be a classic) are the vocals of Corey Taylor.  Not his stereotypical metal growl, which sounds like any other growl, but his singing voice, which at times almost sounds like it could be in a boy band (I said ALMOST).  Since Taylor's huanting singing voice is the highlight of the album, it's no surprise that the best tracks are the ones where he uses his talent to the fullest (i.e. My Plague, The Shape, and the best track, Everything Ends).<br />Give this album a shot, even if you didn't like their major-label debut.
0452282152|5.0|This story is about 16th century Holland and how life was for the everyday person. It paints a picture of how one young girl became a woman. It offers a window into what little is known about Vermeer and his family and how the relationship between Vermeer and a maid altered all their lives forever. You are left to wonder at Vermeer's true desires as he paints one of the most famous and haunting pictures of his time. As you read you become intricately involved in each character's life and decisions. It's an amazing book and a great, quick read. I absolutely loved this book. I read it because my mom strongly recommended it and I think it's a perfect book for mothers to share with their daughters.
014028270X|5.0|I have only read the french version of this book so i can't really say anything about the english version. but this is the ONLY book i have ever re-read. it's that good. i first read it in high school as mandatory reading material and have never stopped loving it since. it's a beautiful story of friendship and love and takes place somewhere in france (it never really says where).<br />also the author wrote this when he was very young. 19 i believe.
0790734400|1.0|Who's crackpot idea was it to make a dumb, science fiction spoof with big stars?  Fortunately, I saw this in a drive-in with my parents.  We first saw the live action film, &quot;101 Dalmatians,&quot; which was awesome.  I almost fell asleep watching &quot;Mars Attacks.&quot;  If I saw that in a regular movie theater, I would've walked out and demanded my money back.  Why oh why did Mike and the bots overlook this piece of garbage?
B00005V3Z4|5.0|by far one of the best movies i have seen in my life. the acting on the lead character's part is out of this world and you really feel a strong connection to the characters as the movie progresses. franks costume alone deserves an award. the story is incredible, original, and thought- AND emotion-provoking. like the synopsis above said, the movie is truly genre-busting. i rented the movie from blockbuster and kept it a day late just to watch it for the second time. i can not wait to buy this dvd.
B00005JKES|4.0|David Lynch's Twin Peaks is one of the best thiller series ever to air on TV. With Lynch's dark look into a town filled with adultry, lies, sercrets, and murder. Kyle MacLachlan plays one of his greatest roles as FBI special agent Dale Cooper. Agent Cooper uses his unusually methods to find the killer of the girl everyone loved. Sara Palmer is found dead on the shore in twin peaks. Suddenly everyone is hidding somthing from someone else. Nobody trusts anyone in the small little town and the death of a loved one becomes a can of worms for everyone.<br />     Set aside time for this series because you can't only watch one!
0002558122|5.0|Frank McCourt was born during the Depression-era in Brooklyn. Later, his family moves to Limerick, Ireland, where he is raised in the slums. Both of his parents were from Ireland originally. His mother, Angela, didn't have any money to feed the children. Frank's father, Malachy, is an alcoholic who drinks away the family's little money. He can't get or keep a job because of his drinking. Although Frank shows anger towards his father many times throughout the book, he loved to hear his father's stories.<BR> Through his life, Frank endures poverty, near-starvation and the cruelty of his relatives and neighbors. Yet he tells his tale with courage and a lot of forgiveness without being bitter.<BR> Frank McCourt writes in a way that will keep his audiences attention. It captured me because of its unique experiences and its vivid details. The extreme poverty that he lives in made me appreciate everything that I have. The way McCourt wrote made me feel like I was living his life with him. I felt his sorrow when he was sad, I laughed when he laughed, and I felt his anger toward the people in his life that he did, which is rare in a book. The book will keep you up turning the pages, waiting for his next jovial remark about his miserable life. <BR> Frank McCourt was often angry at everything. He was angry at the Church, at his father, his mother, and his poverty. Most people, after reading this book will be amazed with Frank and his ability to forgive everyone without being bitter. Frank manages to survive on his wits, and return to America to start his life over. <BR>  &quot;When I look back on my childhood I wonder how I manages to survive at all. It was, of course, a miserable childhood: the happy childhood is hardly worth your while. Worse that the ordinary childhood is the miserable Irish childhood, and worse yet is the miserable Irish Catholic childhood.&quot; Frank shows that even through the hardest times, there's always a way to get through. I recommend this book foreveryone. Whether you laugh, cry, love, or even hate, this book will touch you in some way, and teach you to truly cherish the things you have.
6305161992|3.0|Brandon Lee and Dolph Lundgren team up as renegade cops with extensive martial arts portfolios in Showdown in Little Tokyo. The catch here is that the blonde-headed Lundgren has more of a connection with traditional martial arts and Japanese culture than his American-ized counterpart, Lee. The mismatch works well for laughs and for action as both Lee and Lundgren get to display their talents on a number of bad guys.<br />For Lee, this is a traditional stroll down memory lane - a film vehicle his father, Bruce, may have taken on and the typical sort of flick he turned out before his tragic death on the set of the Crowe in 1994. For Lundgren, he displays martial arts skills never-before-seen in his previous pictures. Donning the boxing trunks in Rocky IV, he kept his powerhouse kick boxing skills under wraps in the ring. The rest of his films opt for graphic gore via armed weapons. Needless to say, seeing a six-foot-seven man executing sweeping kicks and unparalleled agility is a sight.<br />Of course, in buddy cop films, chemistry is always the deciding factor in whether or not the film works (and in some cases, if a sequel is made). Thanks to a humor-filled script, both stars excel at the cheap shots, even if Lundgren's delivery is somewhat wooded in places. The film doesn't misfire. While it certainly didn't receive any honors as an artistic piece, Showdown delivers the goods: Awe-inspiring delivery of martial arts and a more than adequate story line that keeps the action going at a modest pace.<br />The DVD version is a decent capture of the film. The colors are crisp and the picture is mostly flawless. The down side is that there are no extra features on this disc. Still, most action fans aren't in the hunt for too many extras. Definitely a good addition to your DVD collection.
B000002ULO|5.0|The first time I listened that record, I was caught into a heavenly atmosphere, and this record it's one of my Paul's favorite one  because the person who I love now became a Macca fan with this one, I guess that McCartney known that this time was the best time to say (sing and write), that feelings into a record not only for his (now late) wife Linda unless to everyone who has been in love sometime.<br />You can fly and re-discocer love again with this record
B00005JKMQ|2.0|I really did enjoy this movie and it's almost a sure thing that you will too.  Seeing a great team of Will Smith and John Voight play the part of a great team in Muhammad Ali and Howard Cossel is extremely entertaining.  When those two interact are great parts of the film, as are the boxing sequences.  However Michael Mann did the same thing in this movie that he did to The Insider in 99'.  He made it about 15-25 minutes too long!  I mean there are parts in the theatre where i just couldn't help but say shouldn't this be over.  Some scenes are just dragged out too long.  There is a specific one where ali (smith) is running through a town in africa and all these people are chanting his name.  Think Rocky but make it fives times longer.  It is touching but just over done, as are several other parts of the movie.  It is a good film but it just could have been better and should have been an oscar contender.  You might sit through it once but it's not worth a second watch.
0871137380|5.0|I'm not a war buff. But, after watching Ridley Scott's picture, which kept me glue to the chair, I decided to go for the original, so I bought the book.<br />Man, this is awesome writing!! Fast-paced, dramatic, neither cheap nor overly patriotic.<br />It's already a classic, I'm sure. And the adaptation for the screen was remarkably accurate.
B00005OM4N|5.0|This is a great CD. I bought it as soon as it came out and still can't stop listening to it. The music is a mix of pop and r&b. Also there is a covered song 'I love rock'n'roll' that stands out from the rest of the album. In my opinion the best song on the album is 'Not A Girl Not Yet A Woman\\". It is a beautiful ballad with good vocals and lyrics. Another great song on the album is 'Overprotected\\". A very catchy song and I can relate to it as well. Well, if you like pop, I suggest you buy this album and see what being a Britney fan is all about.
B00005M91K|5.0|This film I got from a recommendation from a website dedicated to Koyaanisqatsi. The images and DVD format is outstanding, the soundtrack is outstanding.     For those Koyaanisqatsi lovers, I would highly recommend this as well as \\"Chronos\\" which recently came out on DVD.
B000060P79|5.0|What a great album. I demoed the cd expecting to enjoy only one of their songs &quot;I'm Just a kid,&quot; but the entire CD is so good. You'll find other awesome songs like &quot;Addicted,&quot; and &quot;Perfect Kid.&quot; I was definately able to listen to the entire CD all the way through. Simple Plan Rocks!<br />Achetez au jour d'hui!
B00005QW5X|5.0|Hedwig was one of my favorite musicals before i knew about the movie. I never go into a musical-turned-movie expecting much because it's impossible to recreate the feeling of seeing it live. Hedwig can't either, but it comes THIS close *imagine me holding my fingers REALLY close together* Amazing movie, you laugh, you cry, it's ALL there. if you're a modern, non-traditional musical fan, buy this movie! It's a necessity for any musical lover's collection!
B00005JKJA|3.0|David Lynch doesn't allow chapter selection as a feature on his DVD's.  Whatever the reason may be he doesn't want them and excludes them.  For whatever reason, I agree with him in a purist standpoint.  His films create an overall feeling and although they may be hit and miss for an individual viewer they are meant to be viewed in sucession from the beginning all the way to the end.  This is one of the reasons certain film lovers dislike DVD, because it encourages people to only appreciate certain parts of a feature film and allows them to discard the rest very easily.  By not allowing chapter selection Mr. Lynch forces the viewer to watch the whole film, or go to great pains to find their favorite parts.  As for not having any special features except the production notes and Theatrical Trailer, that's a disappointment.  I loved the movie and would've enjoyed to have a documentary about the soundtrack, or the use of certain recurring themes in his work,etc.  Unfortunely, he didn't decide to include these things if there were any at all, which is only a minor disappointment.  Otherwise, enjoy the disc because it might play like a VHS, but it doesn't look like one and it lasts a lot longer.
B000002UKS|5.0|Some other people have done a good job of summerizing the tracks here-most of you know the singles already.  But in my opinion, buy this just for &quot;February Stars&quot; and &quot;New Way Home&quot; which are incredible.  Do not pass over this disc-it is the best work FOO has done to date.  I have been thoroughly impressed with Grohl's ability to remake himself after Nirvana.  After hearing this disc years ago, I began to change my feelings on Nirvana-they DID actually have talent...DAVE GROHL was it!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
0375507507|5.0|Don't Let's Go To The Dogs Tonight provides penetrating and biographical insights into African politics and racial conflicts. Alexandra Fuller's family was white at a time when power was changing from the white Rhodesia to the black-run Zimbabwe. Don't Let's Go To The Dogs Tonight tells what it was like growing up white in rural Africa under social changes. An eye-opening, revealing memoir.
B00003CXXO|4.0|This is a Kubrick film for the first two hours and a Spielberg film for the last half hour. Unfortunately, mixing the two is like mixing absolute grain alcohol with bubble-gum flavored soda pop: the combined product doesn't sit well on the stomach. I am a huge Kubrick fan and found much of this film to be extraordinary. Kubrick's best work (Paths of Glory, Dr. Strangelove, 2001 A Space Odyssey, A Clockwork Orange) has an icy clarity that is both disturbing and mesmerizing. The scene in this film where \\"mommy\\" abandons the mecha-child is particularly disturbing, especially if you are a parent. If this story were followed to its logical conclusion (which would have included editing out the last 30 minutes), it would probably rank among the great films of all time. Spielberg clearly has talent (Schindler's List, Saving Private Ryan). Unfortunately, he always feels compelled to add a syrupy, cornball element to his work. I'm not certain if he listens to focus groups that tell him that \\"American audiences always need a happy ending\\", or if this type of ending is just a reflection of his own artistic vision. I do know that it does not work here. Aside from the disastrous \\"Close encounters with E.T.\\" ending, there are other \\"Spielberg touches\\" to the film which tend to blunt the sharp edges which I believe Kubrick intended and would have included. Here are a few examples: 1)When instructed to remove her clothing by the professor (William Hurt) at the beginning of the film, the young female mecha should have removed ALL her clothing. She need not be shown nude (a shot from the back up would suffice). Such a scene would drive home the point that she is a machine, incapable of embarrassment. 2)As pointed out by a previous reviewer, The Flesh Fair Scene should have been a bit more intense 3) Spielberg turns the \\"Dr.Know\\" character into a disney-esque animated smurf. Kubrick would have (rightly) done something more creepy with this character. Despite these problems, the film isvisually beautiful. The scenes of a partially submerged New York City are particularly haunting. The performances are also very good, despite the defective script. I therefore believe that this film, though flawed, is still worth renting, which is why I gave it four stars.
B000002OX7|5.0|I've only recently discovered the Who's music for the first time in my short life.  Prior to buying the album I was familiar with a number of their songs (Baba O'Reilly, Behind Blue Eyes, Bargain) but for the most part, didn't know of their other material.  All I can really say is that this has to be one of the best classic rock albums of all time.  I usually view most older rock as hard to relate to but in today's scene of completely awful music this album has helped me reconnect with the whole point of rock music, which in today's music has truly been lost (with a few exceptions).  This is definately a must have so any rock fan regardless of age or taste.
B000056K04|3.0|This cd is clearely intended to be the bestselling-radiofriendliest DMB album out, for the bands groovy jamming session skills are left out to be discovered only in live cds.<BR>Maybe the replacement of Lillywhite with noted producer Glenn Ballard was the key issue in why &quot;everyday&quot; is so commercial. Even the cover yells out &quot;sell out&quot;<BR>but dont be fooled, this cd does not have music as accesible as it might seem. Most of the tracks come out as vague by the lack of content and lyrics. <br />its a good album but not a great one.<BR>it has some very good songs...<BR>yet it was a real letdown to all DMB fans...<BR>And if the Lillywhite sessions are to be released as rumoured, the band and the record company might be actually accepting the commercial tone of the record.<BR>Maybe its the way that the band wanted the record to sound, or maybe it was the production that made it sound that way, but that still leaves us wondering where DMB will take us on their next record.
B000002KHH|5.0|On my newly endevoured quest to find out what rock music really embodies I had to go back a few decades to help get me started. This is definately a pinnacle album.<br />Ozzy fan or not(I'm not really into his 80's stuff) you have to appreciate what his voice does for such music as this. Now yes, compared to some of the metal bands out there today this stuff is about as sick as Lambchop's Playhouse but you must keep in mind that this album came out over thirty years ago. The funny thing about it is that it really sounds completely fresh and new. Iommi's riffs are instantly memorable and display what kind of impact he's had on guitarists from recent times (Kim Thayill, Tom Morello, Adam Jones, etc.) <br />An excellent introduction to this all important hard rock band.
B00005QXDD|5.0|that even my first review of Tenacious Ds self titled debut came out as profane and potentially ofensive, and was not posted.<BR>This cd is so funny i have not been able to contain my laughter whenever i listen to it.<br />you might not like this cd if your moral consciousness dissaproves profanity or if you are a woman.<br />obscenity is used wherever possible and references to the males maleness is also constantly brought up.<br />but i dont care<BR>i love this cd<BR>and it rocks my socks off!!!!
0783225970|5.0|Without a doubt the greatest Crime Drama ever made. As well as being the greatest Male Performance ever!!! Al Pacino is dead on. Many years ago, before this film came out, I met a real drug kingpin who's persona was identical to Tony Montana's. Needless to say a frightening and real experience. What a shock when I saw this film for the first time. Oliver Stone also moved in these deadly circles while researching this film. Probably for personal reasons too. \\"Don't get high on your own supply.\\" (Wink)  Al Pacino on Larry King Live stated that this was his favorite performance. For good reason. He also mentioned Oliver Stone's incredible script.<br />Without a doubt Brian De Palma's best film.<br />As a student of acting I probably study this film on an average of once a week.<br />FINAL WORD: AMAZING!!!!
B0000028P8|5.0|Mariah Carey's third album was a huge seller and showed the world that she could REALLY sing! Everyone watched her display her seven-octave vocal range in her music videos, but this was a live performance that displayed her true talent. Singing her past hits from her first two albums, she had the idea to do a cover song of the Jackson 5's &quot;I'll Be There.&quot; The song, featuring Trey Lorenz, was released as a single and went straight to number one. The album is a true landmark in live performances and made the show MTV Unplugged a success.
B00004SYJX|5.0|This cd is good. I love it.  The demos are awesome.  If you liked the original Cd you will like this one.  Its basically slipknot in its early years on the demos.  Its still good i would recommend you buy it.  Drum beats rule. The riffs and corey's screaming just makes you want to mosh.<BR>once again a kick ass cd
B0000028P8|5.0|Mariah Carey's third album was a huge seller and showed the world that she could REALLY sing! Everyone watched her display her seven-octave vocal range in her music videos, but this was a live performance that displayed her true talent. Singing her past hits from her first two albums, she had the idea to do a cover song of the Jackson 5's &quot;I'll Be There.&quot; The song, featuring Trey Lorenz, was released as a single and went straight to number one. The album is a true landmark in live performances and made the show MTV Unplugged a success.
B00005QZ7U|1.0|Beautiful costumes. So what! Stolen music. Never mind that, they probably wanted to save money or didn't want to hire a good composer. Beautiful dance sequences destroyed by poor camera work. When skillful dancers are doing their thing I don't want to see ceseless closeups of heads or feet. I want good lighting, and love to see the whole figure, not a palette of color from 50 feet up in the air. (As an example of good camera work for dace sequences, &quot;Center Stage&quot; comes to mind). For the first 42 minutes of &quot;Moulin Rouge,&quot; the camera never pauses more than 5 seconds on anything. When it does, it's such a relief you feel like crying, but you can't because you already have a terrible head ache. Oh, the plot is nice, but that's too little too late. This dog will go to the pound in a short time. It's an atrocity done with a lot of promotion. They wanted to buy an Oscar. Fortunatelly they didn't, but a lot of people was fooled by the hype, including myself.
0385505833|4.0|Loved it, because many a Christmas I have felt the same way, it's just too much hazzle and I get stuck with all the work.  But when it finally arrives and everyone is enjoying themselves then it seems worth it (almost).  But I'd still like one Christmas away from home, maybe not the Carribean but Vienna or Germany, where I could be waited on and just enjoy the whole experience.  So I really empathized with the couple in the book and loved the wit of the whole story.  Of course, I always love Grisham's books. I only gave it 4 stars because it's such a short read for the price.
B00005OAIE|5.0|This is an incredible CD! I reccommend it to anyone who likes just plain ol' good music... guitar, great lyrics, and a velvety voice. While it first reminded me of Dave Matthews, it Room For Squares has a style all its own. It ranges from jazzy and relaxing to upbeat and uplifting... 3x5 especially is a wonderful song!
B000063DIF|5.0|Seventh Son of a Seventh Son was Maiden's first concept album, and it rocks. Every song is great except Moonchild and Prophecy. The title track is really eerie sound to it, especially in the middle of the song. My favorites off the album are as follows: Can I Play with Madness, The Evil That Men Do, The Clairvoyant, and the awesome Only the Good Die Young. Dave and Adrian  the great guitar duo, play some of their best guitar work on here. And Bruce's voice never sounded better. If you are a Maiden fan this a must have, or if you just like really good 80's Heavy Metal than this is also a must have. UP THE IRONS
B00005RJ1U|4.0|This surprise hit perhaps shows that audiences have really been craving such basic horrror as what 'Jeepers Creepers' really is.  The story has two teenagers driving home from college only to encounter a huge van that tries to run them off the road.  Subsequent encounters prove it to be a flesh-eating demon that requires bodyparts to survive and needs something from the two teens.<br />With movies such as this there are always pitfalls to go along with moments of ingenuity.  For the first half hour this plays very much like a traditional horror movie such as 'Texas Chainsaw Massacre', thankfully devoid of irony and clever smirks; this is horror at its most basic.  Indeed, there's an awful lot of moments that will make you jump up in your seat.  Despite being highly traditional though, there are several moments of genuine surprise here.  When the van bears down on the two teens it's actually very scary and the chamber made from dead bodies really makes the flesh creep.<br />However, once this threat is revealed as a demon a lot of the suspense rapidly disappears.  Although the special effects are impressive, nothing really takes away from the fact that what's been scaring the audience all this time has been an organ-harvesting demon.  Quite simply, this is silly, even if it is different.<br />Thankfully the young teen actors are very good indeed, and manage to bounce off each other incredibly well in the early comic scenes that they share.  What 'Jeepers Creepers' proved was that audiences have tired of the same smug horrors which quickly followed the ground-breaking 'Scream'.  This is back-to-basics stuff and cleverly creeps its audience out with implication rather than gore.  It's definitely one to watch, if not only for the fact that it is so different from a lot of other modern horror out there.
B000063DIF|5.0|Seventh Son of a Seventh Son was Maiden's first concept album, and it rocks. Every song is great except Moonchild and Prophecy. The title track is really eerie sound to it, especially in the middle of the song. My favorites off the album are as follows: Can I Play with Madness, The Evil That Men Do, The Clairvoyant, and the awesome Only the Good Die Young. Dave and Adrian  the great guitar duo, play some of their best guitar work on here. And Bruce's voice never sounded better. If you are a Maiden fan this a must have, or if you just like really good 80's Heavy Metal than this is also a must have. UP THE IRONS
0723241120|5.0|This Peter Rabbit collection is a tiny world of parables, stories and lessons for children and adults of all ages.  The beauty of the books is greatly enhanced by their encapsulation in a darling box, and they are just the right size for small hands to look through and admire.  The simple pictures tell the story even without words!  They are a wonderful addition for the bookshelf of your child, and the lessons they teach are most appropriate today- in a world where trouble exists and ethics are compromised.
0571202284|5.0|I have been a computer animator for 4 years, with a focus on character animation for 1 year. I have been searching for information that will get my work closer to ILM/Pixar quality, and this book has advanced my skills a generation ahead, bringing me much closer to my goal. Richard Williams breaks down all sorts of different walks (maybe a hundred?), runs and motions that imply weight, which is essential for a complete animator. He also gives suggested timings for different types of motions, so you have a starting point for a certain action... you don't have to reinvent the wheel. He has a straightforward style of animating that really improved my workflow, as well. As I act out the motions of a character I want to move a certain way, using Williams's techniques I can now breakdown the important parts of the motion with much more accuracy and efficiency. I read this book while working on a project, and the quality of my shots went up exponentially with every page I read. I now have tons of confidence in my abilities, I can animate better and quicker, and I have an added level of life in my characters that was lacking before. For me, this was a must read. I thank Richard Williams profusely for writing this book, and I recommend it to everybody that wants to animate characters.
B00004U8P9|5.0|I'm not a dress-up fan, but I do like this playful movie. The DVD edition is well worth the investment, with lots of very fun extras, including interviews, old footage, and even a commentary version featuring dress-up &quot;cast&quot; members acting out key moments in the movie just like they do in movie theatres around the nation every weekend.<br />The movie itself is a horror spoof, featuring a &quot;straight&quot; couple who get stranded in a mansion full of lunatics and who eventually get drawn into the very bizarre things happening there. It's a romp with lots of fun songs and constant neato surprises. It isn't scary in the slightest, though it definitely isn't appropriate for the underage crowd.
B000001ESN|5.0|Possibly the best album from Rush, the popular Canadian rock power trio. Abandoning the art-rock/sci-fi leanings that characterized much of their '70s work, the band adopts a more streamlined approach on Permanent Waves.<br />Even casual rock fans should be familiar with the AOR anthem &quot;The Spirit of Radio&quot;... a classic cut from this album. This is the sound of a band that has MATURED; both in terms of songwriting and musicianship. From the political ruminations of lyricist/drummer Neil Peart to the fluid bass lines of vocalist/keyboardist/bassist Geddy Lee... and holding it all together, one of rock's most talented and gifted guitarists, Alex Lifeson.<br />A truly superb recording... there's not a bad song nor a dull moment to be found anywhere. It's been over 20 years since it was released, but it has aged well. As far as I'm concerned this effort is (possibly) rivaled only by it's follow-up, Moving Pictures... which is also an excellent Rush album. Anyone interested in Canadian rock, progressive rock or prog. metal will find something to like on this CD.
0971855110|5.0|Flylady's system is life-changing.  She has taken me from CHAOS to peace.  It's not just about housework either.  As you learn from her, you start to apply it to every area of your life.  Incredible.  I used to be so overwhelmed by everything, but no more.  The other day I caught myself wiping out a sink at the orthodontist's office...it's just become habit when I wash my hands!
B000002I57|5.0|This is a very nice disc. Milt Jackson on Vibraphone calls for some funky type of riffs that seem to crescendo once or twice per solo. What is nice is that usually it will be Coltrane and Jackson back to back, leaving each other a lot of room to do individual solos, and then they will come in together very triumphantly. &quot;Stairway to the Stars,&quot; the first track in the disc (but not on the originally LP release) is a very nice, mellow track which is perfect for a nice dinner. <br />I do recommend, however, that rather than buying this album you purchase &quot;The Heavyweight Champion: John Coltrane, The Complete Atlantic Recordings.&quot; This 7-CD set may be a little pricy but you get all 10 of Coltranes Atlantic recordings plus a disc of all of the outtakes. The Bags &amp; Trane sessions are particularly emphasized on the box set, so you get much more than you would just buying &quot;Bags and Trane.&quot;<br />Enjoy
0440178002|5.0|There are two types of Clavell fans, those who think Tai-Pan is his best work and those who think Shogun is his best work. I'm one of the latter. I'm not knocking Tai-Pan at all, it's a great book as well and should be read, but nothing grabs you and takes hold like Shogun. For 1,150 pages you are held captive to one of the most sweeping , grand epics ever concieved. The characters are fully realized and fascinating. Toranaga is one of the shrewdest characters in modern literature. Blackthorn is an excellent vehicle to enter a new world in which the reader is unfamiliar, and an excellent protaganist. I dare anyone not to go online and look up anything on medieval Japan whil reading this. Or rent a Kurosawa film. Actually you don't need anything like that because the descriptive writing is so good. Like the explanation of a tea ceremony or the chapter in the &quot;Willow World&quot; This is not for people who like a quick read. Be prepared to stay awhile, but if you are like me, you will love every page of it.
B00005RY7X|2.0|Upon first glance of the cover to this album, you'd think of 21-year old Andrew W.K. as some hard metal rocker, in the vein of Slipknot or At The Drive-In, with his greasy wig-like hair and blood-covered face, looking more like a grunting caveman than a punk rocker. But what he really turns out to be is an '80s loving, Mtley Crue/Van Halen-influenced, \\"old-skool\\" performer with bad riffs, worse lyrics and overall terrible songs. The album, which runs at a meager-for-some, relieving-for-many 30-minutes, hears Andrew put large amounts of effort into music that turns out to be nothing more than awfully repetitive compositions and insubstantial styles and riffs. A track like \\"I Love NYC\\", while including some mediocre background sounds, is ruined lyrically by hearing the performer sing lines like \\"I Love New York City / I Love New York City\\" repeatedly, with the only change being a one-note difference at the end of the guitar solo. Titular tune \\"I Get Wet\\" plays out similarly, with the song seeming so inspired by 'the Crue', that halfway through the track, we literally were expecting Andrew to start singing \\"SHOUT AT THE DEVIL!\\" Following a similar pattern throughout the whole recording, every song's chorus or entire lyrics seems to be taken from its title, with Andrew's obsession with partying coming into play quite frequently (evident from tracks \\"It's Time To Party\\", \\"Party Hard\\" and \\"Party Til You Puke\\"). While praised by practically every music writer in the world (mainly due to the fact that they all loved '80s metal), Andrew W.K. in our opinion seems to be nothing more than a singer who never escaped from the '80s, with his tight t-shirts, dirt-stained light jeans and shoulder-length hair adding to his image which sees him striking a hard arms-crossed pose in every picture he's shown in.
B00005JKJA|5.0|Poised in the hallucinatory portal between life and death, the heroine reimagines her life how she wishes it could have been, brought to life with poetic beauty by Lynch at his finest. A beautiful, touching, confounding, and devastating film. However Lynch's disdain for DVD has never been more evident. The \\"extra features\\" are a trailer and uninformative cast and crew bios. That is it. There are no animated menus. There are not even chapter stops. The video is of passable quality and the sound mix is very good. If you haven't seen this yet, don't waste any more time. It's a true original and one of my favorites to come out of Hollywood in recent years. Buy this so you can watch it repeatedly as its emotional impact grows with each viewing, a rare feat indeed.
B00005ARDC|3.0|Hyped beyond belief by British music publication NME along with then-unknown groups The Strokes and Starsailor, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club (taken from Marlon Brando's The Wild One) were hailed as being the band that was going to revive Britpop-punk for the new millennium. While it was obvious that they were never going to meet that label, and not many believed that were going to be anywhere as good as they previously mentioned bands, B.R.M.C.'s debut album certainly does give the listener an enjoyable hour-long recording from a band that feels like a mixture between Jesus & the Mary Chain, the Stooges and Oasis. Opening with the Radiohead-esque \\"Love Burns\\", the album gets off to an interesting start, an acoustic guitar playing a prominent role in the drum-and-bass inspired song, with similar-toned vocalists Peter Hayes and Robert Turner performing a sublimely catchy tune about lost love. The CD really kicks off, however, on track three, with hit single \\"Whatever Happened To My Rock `N' Roll (punk song)\\" harkening the album back to days of Iggy Pop, Joey Ramone and Lou Reed, both lyrically and figuratively with the tune sounding like a B-side from the Stooges' Raw Power. Their homage to the Stone Roses follows in \\"Awake\\", a psychedelic track with garage-esque sensibilities that will certainly have you listening intently to every word that comes out of the songsters' mouths. However, the whole album doesn't live up to its fantastic opening four songs, with \\"Too Real\\" acting more like a direct rip-off of the Beatles than anything original. \\"Spread Your Love\\" is just as appalling, using `80s scratching guitars and an extremely repetitive riff, that were sure we've heard before, to create a tune that's so annoyingly terrible, we couldn't even get halfway through it. While Black Rebel Motorcycle Club are certainly not anything to tell your friends about, they are, however, decent enough to slap down [money] to get their debut, with some great percussion and fantastic lyrics on some tracks, and wholly terrible combinations on others.
B00005JKZT|5.0|wow, wow, wow, wow.....that's all i  can sem to say about seeing the fellowship of the ring, and seeing the trailer for the first time in the movie theatres...being a LOTR fanatic, i don't know if i'll ever be able to be patient enought for the 2 towers to come out!!!  WOW!!   i was quite dissapointed that this movie did not win the oscars ofr best supporting actor( Ian Mckellen) or best picture.  it was a good enought movie to win all thirteen nominations!!...two towers or return of the king is definetly gonna win...this is (in my opinion) the best book ever written, and if you agree with me, well, you know what i mean.....anyway, i encourage you all to get your two towers tickets soon, cuz when december comes, they're gonna be selling like hotcakes!!!
B00005RFVL|5.0|What do you do if you've just come out with three extremely successful records, with numerous hit singles, you've been offered both movie soundtracks and movie roles and even had relationships with everyone from Kylie Minogue to Natalie Imbruglia to every single Corr? Release a classic 50's swing album of course, because if you can't reinvent yourself in the music industry, then, as Jimi Hendrix put it, \\"There ain't no life nowhere.\\" Robbie Williams, bad boy of the musicdom, has done just that, coming out with a CD filled with classic Frank Sinatra-Dean Martin-Ella Fitzgerald sounds that also includes an abundant number of actors-turned-singers joining him, including Nicole Kidman, Rupert Everett, Jon Lovitz, Jane Horrocks and even ol' Frankie himself. Swinging to such classic songs as the most-performed-jazz-tune-ever 'Mack The Knife', Bobby Darin's classic \\"Beyond The Sea\\" and Dean-O's \\"Ain't That A Kick In The Head\\" Robbie has, in our opinion, added himself to the classic line-up of jazz performers, him crooning perfectly in every track. The controversial \\"Somethin' Stupid\\" had us anxiously anticipating a sizzling sexy duet between the former 'Mrs. Tom Cruise' Kidman and Williams that was first done by Frank and Nancy Sinatra. To our surprise though, it turned out to be a just-as-enjoyable upbeat-jazz double act from the notorious pair that yet again highlights the Moulin Rouge star's astonishing singing voice. Sinatra himself contributes to the classic \\"It Was A Very Good Year\\", a tune that actually had us fooled for a while, as throughout the first half of the song you think that Robbie sounds exactly like Sinatra...until ol' Frankie kicks in thanks to the amazing wonders of modern technology, a welcome addition to the classic tune. \\"How can Jon `The Critic' Lovitz actually sing?\\" was the question on our minds during Frank & Bing Crosby's \\"Well, Did You Evah\\" - but he does sing and does it well, with Lovitz taking up Crosby's role while Robbie keeps to his Sinatra position, both of them recreating the track perfectly. In the end, what seemed to us like an extremely short CD was actually an enjoyable 60-minute album with every song zooming by without us even noticing: a welcome addition to jazz.
B000002J0B|5.0|I consider Houses Of The Holy to be the second best Led Zeppelin album, behind Zoso.  Released in the same year as Pink Floyd's Dark Side of The Moon, this album doesn't quite compare but comes pretty close...This album has an awesome lineup including &quot;The Song Remains The Same&quot;, &quot;Over The Hills And Far Away&quot;, &quot;Dancing Days&quot;, &quot;D'yer Mak'er&quot;, &quot;No Quarter&quot; and &quot;The Ocean&quot;.  Unlike Zeppelin IV, Houses Of The Holy has some heavier material that really rocks throughout the entire album.  If you are a fan of Zeppelin's early albums such as Zeppelin II, I strongly suggest adding this to your collection.  Houses Of The Holy is definately one of Zeppelin's finest albums and a true classic in rock history.
B000021YQV|5.0|Ironically first issued on September 11 (it's just been given a worldwide release), System of a Down's second release received major props from numerous critics for allowing hundreds of Americans to vent their frustrations and anger through music - and not just any music, but intelligent music. The album, like the group's self-titled first release, puts together an unlikely combination of nu-metal and politics, making the tracks not only enjoyable, but also fascinating in a JFK kind of way. A tune like opener \\"Prison Song\\" hears their conspiracies of the American prison system, with the unbelievable riffs and hard-as-hell guitars included only heightening the track. But their not only about politics, they let loose on \\"Bounce\\", virtually taking punk lyrics and putting them in a metal situation, with the song revolving around a pogo stick. Their quick changes between deep meanings and light fluff make the band feel like Metallica at their best, mixing the alt-rock sensibilities of Load and the hard nature of Master of Puppets. They excel on nearly every track, with hit single \\"Chop Suey!\\" practically redefining what metal can be like. An incredible opening is accentuated by lead singer Serj Tankian's soaring voice, sounding like an anarchistic rocker one minute and a choir boy the next, with guitarist Daron Malakian hitting every note with perfection. In a year filled with nu-metal acts, Toxicity triumphs, leaving the majority to rot in their &quot;We hate the world so we'll scream about it&quot; attitudes. More original than Korn, more tolerable than Limp Bizkit, not as freakish as Slipknot and hundreds times better than Creed, System of a Down have taken the mantle from At The Drive-In as the coolest hardcore band in the world.
B00005JKJA|5.0|I give the &quot;movie&quot; 5 stars...the DVD &quot;NO STARS&quot;. What were they thinking when they released this major motion picture on DVD but left off SCENE ACCESS.  I love the scene access option on DVDs.  I would love to skip to scenes in MD that require repeat viewings.  I was so disappointed when I put this DVD in my DVD player and tried to skip to a favorite scene. NO LUCK. Major downer. Having said that: the movie is just about the most enjoyable cinematic experience in years.  You HAVE TO WATCH THE WHOLE MOVIE to really appreciate the experience!
B00005K3GS|3.0|A tremendously awful cover really shouldn't put you off from listening to this decent album from duet Modjo. Combining classic jazz guitar riffs with 70's rock, Modjo's first CD is a respectable one, with influences that include Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, David Bowie and the Beatles, their eclectic mix of different types of music comes in to play quite well to create some wholly enjoyable tracks. Already a huge phenomenon in Europe, Modjo's influence can be heard regularly in practically every bar in Hong Kong. The hit sensation \\"Lady\\" has graced virtually every drug-filled club on the island, and chances are even if you don't think you've heard it, you probably have. \\"Chillin\\" is also a DJ favorite, with its repetitive background sounds and Bee Gees-influenced lyrics. But most of the best songs on the CD aren't that of the `dance music' variety. \\"What I Mean\\" is an enjoyable cheesy song, using an 80's backing track combined with 21st century lyrics, while \\"Peace Of Mind\\" sounds like it's straight out of a Jamiroquai album. Most songs though, especially \\"No More Tears\\", brought images of John Travolta dancing in a white suit to our mind - while that's not exactly a bad thing, we would've preferred more of the former mentioned songs. We really must say that French people are awfully strange - \\"Music Takes You Back\\" is four minutes of what sounds like porno music with some extremely strange lyrics, while \\"Too Good To Be True\\" is basically just a minute and half long track of two people talking to each other with extremely low background music.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|This was my favorite movie of the 2001, great perfomances especially from Nicole Kidman (She deserved all the awards and reconigtion She got this past year) and Ewan was excellent too.<BR>The DVD is perfect, great sound, picture and the second disc has wonderful features. I recommend this DVD to everyone who enjoy musicals and simple to everyone who love movies.
B00005J9U1|5.0|After hearing Bob Marley's exceptional sounds after these many years, you'll surely feel a sense of nostalgia that will surely make you feel all misty-eyed. One Love, a digitally re-mastered collection of all the best Bob Marley and the Wailers songs recorded before his 1980 death from cancer, has in our opinion replaced Marley's Legend as the ultimate and best reggae recording ever. Despite all those `tribute' albums to Marley with tracks recorded by various, virtually unknown reggae artists, nothing beats actually hearing old Bob and his Wailers singing psychedelic tunes about jamming in the streets and shooting sheriffs. Released exactly 20 years after Marley's untimely passing, the album has been created for casual fans as well as the hardcore completist in a set that plays in chronological date of release rather than `compilation tape' style. The recording includes everything from \\"Stir It Up\\"; the band's first major hit in 1973, right up to the Marley-written, Lee `Scratch' Perry-produced rarity \\"I Know a Place\\" giving the listener an insight into how Marley's message in his songs changed from just having fun in something like \\"Jamming\\" to political views on Jamaica through \\"Redemption Song\\". The most enjoyable track on the CD though still has to be the live version of \\"No Woman, No Cry\\" with its organ-driven background sounds and its hypnotic concert audience making you feel like old Bob's singing right in front of you. The superb and previously under-appreciated \\"Sun Is Shining\\" is also included on the CD, making it practically a perfect collection and allowing you to hear the \\"non-Funkstar-De-Luxe-DJ\\" version of Marley's great song. Containing a great booklet of photo-to-cover-art images of all of Marley's albums, this CD is definitely the finest collection of Bob Marley tunes you can lay your hands on. Get it now, no matter what.
B0000042MY|5.0|A truly powerfull soundtrack comes few and far between. This soundtrack qualifies as such. The sheer beauty, and scope of it leaves one in awe, and yet it also has an earthy and &quot;of the period&quot; feeling to it as well. <br />I could not describe this soundtrack without saying how powerfull of a role it played in the film. I think that it is a great benifit to a film when the director is willing to release a huge amount of the story telling into the composer's hands. When the composer is given this responsibility, a life comes into the music that tells the story with such a brilliant light that it makes one's heart weep. <br />The music is used so well in this film, with such perfect vibrant rendition of the story that I don't think even John Williams (too brassy and clean for this) could have done a better job. <br />From the eminent opening of the Elk Hunt, to the sublime Cora, and from the rustic fiddle of The Kiss, to Clannad's transitionary I Will Find You, this soundtrack completly succesfully shows the indomitable spirit and temperament of that period in history. <br />Kudos to Michael Mann, and to Trevor Jones and Randy Edelman for taking this and running with it! This soundtrack competes with and nocks into the dust such titles as Braveheart, The Patriot, and Saving Private Ryan. And stands shoulder to shoulder with greater masterpieces that tell a story like Gladiator, The Godfather and The Truman Show.
B00005N9CV|3.0|Looking more like Traci Lords than a jazz singer, Diana Krall isn't what you'd expect when you think of blues vocalists. But her extremely effortless and efficient voice comes through quite well in her latest CD, even though her piano skills are unused. Krall compliments the already-faultless London Symphony Orchestra in creating a number of well-crafted tracks that relaxes and electrifies the listener at the same time. Following up her tremendously popular tribute to the Nat King Cole trio in All For You, and then her Grammy-winning When I Look In Your Eyes was never going to be easy, but she seems to have succeeded in putting together some wholly pleasurable and fully tranquil tracks that harkens the memory back to the songs of `Ol' Blue Eyes' - Frank Sinatra. \\"I Remember You\\" in particular sounds like it was written by Frankie himself for Krall, combining an excellent guitar beat with an unexpectedly adequately-performed piano tune. It's followed by \\"Cry Me a River\\", which, to us at least, sounds straight out of a blues joint in the 50's - entirely depressing yet entirely enjoyable at the same time. However, the lack of her piano dexterity on the album destroys what could've have been some superb songs. Both the opening track \\"S'Wonderful\\" and \\"I Get Along Without You Very Well\\" sound too orchestral for our tastes, using a plentiful number of flutes, violins and other instruments, while \\"Besame Mucho\\", the now-formulaic `Spanish' track on every jazz CD, seems to forced onto the listener with Krall sounding like a foreigner trying to speak the language. Despite those minor failings, The Look of Love is a compelling yet flawed album that's a respectable, but not outstanding, album.
630575067X|4.0|Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace is definitely a movie worth seeing. It is somewhat superior to the original trilogy when it comes to the action. The Phantom Menace contains non-stop action that is very exciting to see. The plot is another story. When seeing this film, one finds it difficult to see where the plot is headed. That is because the plot of this movie is somewhat weak and undeveloped. (Thus the missing star). Also, the movie seems to be nothing more than a western story transplanted on other worlds. Personally, I think The Phantom Menace is more of an adventure movie than a science-fiction film, only with science-fiction elements added to the action, such as otherworldly planets, alien beings, and robots. Although the plot is weak it is still my opinion that The Phantom Menace is worth seeing, and what it lacks in plot development it makes up for with the action sequences, especially the nerve frazzling desert podrace and the thriller of a climax which is an intense laser sword duel. Other action-filled sequences such as the intense space battle, the riveting battle fought between an army of robots and an army of aliens, the sequence in which two Jedi Knights narrowly escape a death trap set for them on a space station, and the sequence in which the queen ruler of the besieged and invaded planet of Naboo escapes the dangerous planet along with the two Jedi Knights who resued her from imprisonment makes this a film not to be missed by any means. It is not neccessary for one to be a Star Wars fan in order to enjoy this film. In my opinion Jake Lloyd, Ewan McGregor, and Natalie Portman display the best performances. Lloyd plays Anakin Skywalker, the nine year-old slave boy who is the future Darth Vader. Ewan McGregor plays the role of young Jedi Knight apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi, and Natalie Portman plays Queen Amidala, ruler of planet Naboo.
B00005QDW5|5.0|Pink Floyd: one of the most influential bands of all time. Never heard of them? Put on a Radiohead or Beta Band CD and you'll hear what is essentially a direct take-off of their music. Their influence is so huge that they practically started the whole `Swinging London/Flower Power' scene back in the 60's with their debut The Piper At The Gates of Dawn and then went on to release such record-breakings albums like Obscured By Clouds, Wish You Were Here, The Wall and, of course, the classic Dark Side of the Moon (surely you've heard of it). Now, after countless compilations, collections and box sets we finally get the essential Best Of Pink Floyd in the two-CD Echoes set. Including 26 landmark tracks, Echoes hears the band at their best with tunes ranging from their 1968 debut with original former Syd Barrett all the way to their 1994 final studio recording The Division Bell. Listing tracks from practically every one of their albums, the compilation has something for everybody; for casual and new listeners, tracks like \\"Money\\", \\"Time\\" and \\"Comfortably Numb\\" will pull you into the surreal world created by the band, while die-hard fans will kill for hard-to-find tunes like \\"Arnold Layne\\", \\"Astronomy Domine\\" and the never previously released jewel-in-the-crown \\"When The Tigers Broke Free\\". The much hyped \\"all in continuous play\\" doesn't disappoint either, with Floyd's fascination with the non-stop method (think of the Wizard Of Oz/Dark Side of the Moon synchronization) coming into play outstandingly yet again.  Including a fascinating inlay filled with psychedelic pictures, caricatures, lyrics and hints for fans, the 160-minute collection is surely worth double its price tag. If you liked Three E.P.'s or OK Computer (the \\"Fitter Happier\\"/\\"Keep Talking\\" comparison is amazing), then pick up Echoes.
B000001E8S|4.0|Passengers real and imagined film soundtracks expands on the musical concepts brought forth in Zooropa. Its good to hear U2 wandering into experimental territory with Eno at the helm. Who better to bring the lads into the ambient realm than the man who invented the gerne? The album works! This is an interesting listen with moments of subtle moodiness and rocking, get your booty up beats. Listen to after a long night of clubbing or use as your late night insomnia-net surfing soundtrack. A worthy addition to all electronica fans collections.
B00005Y7AW|3.0|Sounding like a mature Jarvis Cocker and looking like a young Iggy Pop (if that's even possible), Rufus Wainwright returns with a vengeance, three years after his debut self-titled album. Son of the Bob Dylan-clone Loudon Wainwright III and the first part of the folk singing McGarrigle twins, Kate McGarrigle, it's not surprising that his newest album tries to ditch his singer-songwriter country-esque Randy Newman attitude for some mellowed-out Different Class inspired tracks....\\"Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk\\", making fun of the infamous \\"vice songs\\" of the 90's, with the enjoyably amateurish background piano adding to the Wainwright's melodically poppy voice to create an enjoyable starter to an agreeable album. The title track, \\"Poses\\" is just as good, adding a violin to lyrics like \\"\\"All These Poses/Such Beautiful Poses\\" - reminiscent of The Verve's \\"Bittersweet Symphony\\". \\"California\\", however, has to the highlight of the CD, combining classic Beach Boys and Mamas and Papas riffs to Wainwright's satirical songwriting tone, making a surely classic song of probably the most sung about city in all the world. For those people who can't stand the alt-rock, Brit-pop style of music, the CD finishes off with a reprise of \\"Cigarette and Chocolate Milk\\" including a DJ backing and a heightened piano to the track - a type of remix that could've benefited more tracks on the CD if used just as well.
B00005T7I1|2.0|I gave this product only 2 stars.  I have to explain.  In this particular case I decided to rate the PRODUCT and NOT the film.  The film certinaly deserves the &quot;essential video&quot; designation that AMAZON has bestowed on it.  What gets my goat is how Touchstone (aka Disney) can release a film like this on DVD without even a hint of some behind the scenes footage/interviews, or even the trailer!  And on top of that they are charging [too much] for it!  There are dvd's out there that cost [less] that have better presentations than this!
B00005QXXO|4.0|For someone like Radiohead, you'd think that their recent flooding of the music industry with both Kid A and Amnesiac, while probably allowing them to build a swimming pool full of hard cash, would also seriously deter the quality of their music. Now while thoughts on both the albums were mixed, none can argue that their latest album I Might Be Wrong, a collection of live tunes performed in the classic Radiohead way, disappoints at all. Originally planned as being a single of the impossible-to-find \\"True Love Waits\\", the recording expanded into an 40-minute eight-track album that, despite only including tunes from the two most recent discs, sounds like it combines the Brit-pop aspects of their breakthrough The Bends with the recent pop sensibilities of their latter efforts. It opens with \\"The National Anthem\\", which merges the dirty guitars of the Greenwood brothers with the now-classic inaudible vocals of lead-singer Thom Yorke, to recreate a tune that in our opinion is better than its counterpart on Kid A. It's, however, followed by excruciatingly awful title-track \\"I Might Be Wrong\\", and hears numerous missed notes and voice breaks in what sounds like a high-school band cover of the tune. The album seems to follow a similar hit-or-miss pattern, with songs like \\"Everything In Its Right Place\\", \\"Dollars and Cents\\" and \\"Morning Bell\\" all reaching their `better than the real recording target', but the already average tunes \\"Like Spinning Plates\\" and \\"Idioteque\\" sticking to their mediocrity. While there's no doubt that millions of die-hard Radiohead fans will hate the album due to its exclusion of tracks from their earlier recordings, the length of the CD and even the grainy sound quality, most normal people will enjoy it for one simple reason: it's a great live album from a great live band.
6301966988|5.0|Aside from Ms. Moore's exceptional work in Indecent Proposal, she brings another inspiring, sad, and touching movie to life. A simple robbery turned murder portray's an all-too-real and frightening observance of life torn away too early. A sensational, yet convincing and moving film. If you cried the first time, you will again, and yes, Ghost will touch the sensitive bone of the male thick-skinned ego. Ghost has everything for everyone. For the men, a plot thick with deceit and revelations, and an immortal hero tied to this world with unfinished business. Whoopi Goldberg puts on a comedic performance which keeps the weight of the story balanced. For women, Demi's character will ask them to place themselves in her shoes and to feel the pain and struggle with loss. One of the great mixtures in hope, loss, life-after-death, and the deception that can lie in our closest of friends. A film not to be missed...
B000022TSY|4.0|Easy Rider is the classic American Western. Two outlaws cast off society and live free out west but their days are numbered. America turns out to be more repressive than they may have imagined and their freewheeling lifestyle becomes a futile effort in the wake of modern civilization. Even the names of the two characters hearken back to westerns; Wyatt (like Earp?) and Billy (the Kid?). I noticed some reviewers mention that the film is dated; that very well may be the point. If this was filmed now, all those great scenes of western landscapes would be replaced by urban sprawl, billboards, fast food chains and strip malls with a cop on every corner. Landscape and society were changing dramatically in the 60s and even back then it was becoming increasingly clear that our government and society was giving up freedom for security. Being dated just makes this film even more important, no doubt that it a cult classic, a must see for every American, especially those that question the status quo and the belief that we are put on this earth to follow orders and kill at will.
B00005YTFG|4.0|I admit, I picked up this movie because Nicole Kidman was in it. That said, I wasn't prepare for the elegance of the performances, which made her a moot point. Kidman's along with Ewan (way far from an Obi-Wan presario)chemistry lit up the screen and you can't help being drawn into the sometimes mythical atmosphere. The addition of an Elton John classic only heightened the power of Moulin Rouge. From the wardrobes to the songs, acting and choreography, the film achieved success. I didn't give it 5 stars because it was a little overdone in parts, but I recommend you pick this up and let that little glitch be: a moot point. If you're a musical fan, a closet art-film fan, or just want to curl up for some good entertainment...get it.&lt;P...
0684833395|5.0|After reading the book Catch-22   I have a few comments and questions.  First, I loved the book.  The idea of turning a war into a comedy makes an interesting story.  The complexity of Yossarian and other characters really draws the reader into the book.  I would like to know if you know if there is any real truth to the story.  I am interested in finding out if Joseph Heller, the author, experienced these events as a basis for his story.  If you have any answers or have any e-mail addresses of people who may, please respond.  Thank you.
B00005Y1UX|5.0|What if...? The two words that define almost everyone's life. What if I married so & so instead...What if that job was mine...What if there was a perfect life...? And on & on. Relationships, marriage, in particular, young relationships and marriage are plagued with the question, or the \\"two words.\\" Indecent Proposal is a masterpiece. An exploration, if you will, into the power of money, trust, love, respect, and above all...What if? The movie casts three of the best stars of their time, Robert Redford, Woody Harrelson, and Demi Moore at the top of their game. It brings us inside the marriage of Diana and David, but also, into the world of wealth, power & deceit. Still, it also sends a shiver to see Redford's character as not being flat, but lonely. His motives, proposal, and pursuit may irritate us, yet we come to understand Mr. Gage and sort of feel sorry for him. As we root for Diana & David to reclaim that lost innocence of love, which in reality & in the movie as well, is unrecoverable, we find a new meaning in forgiveness, faith, and the pitfalls that plague even the best parts of ourselves. This one belongs in your collection and your heart...
B000002L9W|5.0|Dave's first offical solo work, is defiantly a diamond in the works.   Some of the best vocals he has ever done, and that is saying a lot for his vocal range.  The bass work and drums are awesome on this cd, and equally awesome, is the guitar playing.  Not a bad song on this disk, for the most part, hard, fast, and to the point.  Seems Dave had something to prove, after being kicked out of Van Halen.  Yankee Rose, Shy Boy, Bump and Grind, could have easly fit on to any Van Halen cd. Can't beat that.
B00005Y1UX|5.0|What if...? The two words that define almost everyone's life. What if I married so & so instead...What if that job was mine...What if there was a perfect life...? And on & on. Relationships, marriage, in particular, young relationships and marriage are plagued with the question, or the \\"two words.\\" Indecent Proposal is a masterpiece. An exploration, if you will, into the power of money, trust, love, respect, and above all...What if? The movie casts three of the best stars of their time, Robert Redford, Woody Harrelson, and Demi Moore at the top of their game. It brings us inside the marriage of Diana and David, but also, into the world of wealth, power & deceit. Still, it also sends a shiver to see Redford's character as not being flat, but lonely. His motives, proposal, and pursuit may irritate us, yet we come to understand Mr. Gage and sort of feel sorry for him. As we root for Diana & David to reclaim that lost innocence of love, which in reality & in the movie as well, is unrecoverable, we find a new meaning in forgiveness, faith, and the pitfalls that plague even the best parts of ourselves. This one belongs in your collection and your heart.
B00005JKJA|4.0|Yes, it's true.  This DVD has no chapters.<br />Well, one chapter, and that's the movie!  Very bizarre... interesting in terms of an experiment to recreate the theater experience, but that has one problem.  If the movie SKIPS, the whole thing SHUTS DOWN and you have to renavigate from the VERY BEGINNING!  Which is REALLY NASTY if it happens at the VERY END!  I wanted to see those people come out, and BZZKKRKRKK!<br />Anyway, don't fast forward or scan if you can, you'll have to TYPE IN the HOUR AND MINUTE MARK ON YOUR REMOTE!  (an old laserdisc trick)  That means you have to know around what certain time your favorite part happens, and punch in the numbers on your little keypad.  Gradually, you'll know exactly when it occurs, and so on.  It's strange though, I find it sort of funny, like we'll just be drawn in so much as to just not bother skipping ahead!<br />Of course, if the DVD skips, then we'll be bothered.  Especially if we paid full price.<br />The disc seems a little expensive for this bare-bones treatment, but perhaps that's because of its art-house nature(?).  This is perhaps the only DVD I own without any chapter search at all!  The sound and picture are satisfactory, and some of the surround is very surprising and entertaining.  Now I just have to punch in the time for whenever they go to Silencio!<br />I hadn't seen the film since the theater, so naturally I was in great anticipation to see it again, and bought it immediately, so I was a little shocked!  especially when it started SKIPPING!!  AHHHH!!
B00005JKJA|4.0|Mullholland Drive is one of those films that, despite being confusing and just plain weird, remains thoroughly absorbing until its very last moments. There is a difference being confusing and convoluted, of course, and Lynch's latest is anything but the latter. If you want a sexy, mysterious film noire, one that plays tricks on you, pulls the unexpected and always intrigues, you must get Mullholland Drive.<br />The DVD is good, but the film is presented on a single chapter (no skipping ahead without \\"fast-forwarding\\"). I am reminded of Prince's \\"LoveSexy\\" album. Released in 1988, it was a single track CD despite having 9 or so individual songs. Prince was \\"forcing\\" listeners to take in the album as a whole experience, and in a way Lynch may be doing the same thing here. After all, skip anything in \\"Mullholland Drive\\" and you might miss something important. In a crazy, Lynchian way, the one track format makes sense.<br />The lack of extras is another thing. Acceptable, but kind of disappointing. Just cast credits and a set up screen. Nothing very advanced. Don't expect a lot of options.<br />I loved this movie and give it 5 stars, but the DVD gets 4 because of the lack of extras. I don't mind the one track aspect as much as some might. Perhaps there will be a special edition in the future with more. It's odd to have a new DVD with so little on it besides the movie itself these days.
B000000W5B|4.0|\\"Goats Head Soup,\\" like all great Rolling Stones albums, never sounds too over-the-top or contrived; it's just good old-fashioned rock and roll that has more than stood the test of time. Though it's not their biggest album, nor their most critically acclaimed, \\"Goats Head Soup\\" contains songs with all the substance and tunefulness of any played-out radio hit by the band. There's a steady, dark groove to the album's opener, \\"Dancing With Mr. D,\\" that gets things started with bite. Though the rest of the album isn't quite like that, it's still great. Mixing ballads with jumped-up rockers, the band finds a pretty good balance of sound. \\"Coming Down Again\\" displays a tender, perhaps strung out, side of the band -- a definite ode to debauchery. The group's biggest asset was its adherence to inserting a multitude of instruments from song to song, like the piano in \\"Coming Down.\\" The most well-known hits from \\"Goats Head Soup\\" are \\"Heartbreaker\\" (a 70s-sounding groover), and \\"Angie\\" (a forlorn ballad too sentimental for its own good).<br /><br />The album hits a groove on the good-time roadhouse rocker \\"Silver Train,\\" a classic-sounding jam that seems to find its way on every Rolling Stones record. Complete with a great guitar solo, a faraway harmonica, worthy background vocals and typically oblivious lyrics like, \\"I did not know her name,\\" \\"Silver Train\\" is the Rolling Stones at their finest. \\"Hide Your Love\\" is a bluesy piano track with more smoking guitars, handclaps and a drawling Mick Jagger at the helm. A sense of typical soul finds its way on \\"Can You Hear the Music,\\" but the rollicking \\"Star Star,\\" the album's closer, is the best tune on the record. Chock full of Hollywood sleaze, with lyrics that would raise eyebrows even by today's standards, this song proves once more that these guys never cared what anybody thought of them.
B000000W5L|5.0|...this truly is the last great Stones album, and perhaps the greatest one of all. (For me, it contends with _Sticky Fingers_ and _Beggar's Banquet)...the first time that I heard it, I wasn't sure what to make of it.  I'd been a big Stones fan, but the sound and songs felt very different from the stuff on _Hot Rocks_.  The best albums, of course, are the ones that challenge us when we first hear them, the ones that take time to unlock and figure out...I do disagree with people who complain about the production quality, because I think that misses the point... the murky sound is one of the great advantages of the album, as it sounds just as great on a...little boombox as it does from a kickin' stereo system.
B0000640RX|5.0|This review is mainly about the DVD Video & Sound presentation in a Home Theatre environment.<br />Qualifying Statement: I am a Home Theatre, 55\\" WideScreen 16:9 HDTV, with a Progressive Scan DVD Player & Dolby Prologic Surround Sound System owner.  I have over 400 DVD movies, mostly remastered, WideScreen (preserved in the original Theatrical Aspect Ratio), ANAMORPHIC or ENHANCED for 16:9 Televisions.  And this box set is OUTSTANDING VIEWING in this environment.<br />The Rambo Trilogy is action packed and just pure entertainment.  This Box Set is an ANAMORPHIC WIDESCREEN (and ENHANCED FOR HDTV 16:9 Televisions).  What this means simply, the Aspect Ratio (TV receiver screen size) of the TV is automatically adjusted to fit the viewing screen size.  Having the enhanced Widescreen feature keeps the picture very large, detailed & colors vivid.  The picture & sound in the Home Theatre explodes off the screen and the action is tremendous!!!!.<br />Summary: First Blood has Rambo (Stallone) searching for his Vietnam War buddies and inner peace.  This proves impossible & this Green Beret killing machine is unleashed after being harrassed by a small town sheriff.  Rambo II: finds Rambo in prison.  The U.S. Government needs this killing machine to rescue MIA/POWs left behind in Vietnam.  We reluctantly accepts the mission and is double crossed.  Rambo III: Rambo is now in Asia working with Buddhist Monks.  The U.S. Govenrment now need him to rescue his best friend (Crenna) who was captured by the Russians while helping the Afghans as a military advisor.<br />There are numerous extra features including a new 20th year Rambo documentary.<br />This is a great far-fetched patriotic theme war trilogy, but this is Hollywood & Sylvester Stallones signature contribution to the American combat hero.  Sit back & enjoy this made for Home Theatre Saga.  Enjoy.
B000000W5L|5.0|I would definately agree with what some people have said here, that this truly is the last great Stones album, and perhaps the greatest one of all. (For me, it contends with _Sticky Fingers_ and _Beggar's Banquet)  I would also agree that the first time that I heard it, I wasn't sure what to make of it.  I'd been a big Stones fan, but the sound and songs felt very different from the stuff on _Hot Rocks_.  The best albums, of course, are the ones that challenge us when we first hear them, the ones that take time to unlock and figure out.  I bought this one summer on break from college while working in a factory, and listening to the fatalistic fun of \\"Happy\\" and humming while working at the machines helped me get through it.<br />I do disagree with people who complain about the production quality, because I think that misses the point.  In fact, I think the murky sound is one of the great advantages of the album, as it sounds just as great on a...little boombox as it does from a kickin' stereo system.
B00005UQ9F|5.0|The reviews here tell you about the movie. Which I agree is &quot;5 STAR&quot;.<br />This review is on the setting of the movie. Not many people get a chance to see the inner workings of a movie set. Not many people want to see the inner workings of a Lunatic Asylum, especially if it's not your choice to be there.<br />Myself plus 2 friends visited the Danvers Lunatic Asylum about 2 years ago. The night was cold, the air was damp and the door was unlocked. We walked up a 300' dirt path to the side of a hill. A staircase 200'+ long that resembled a covered bridge was in front of us. We entered the stairs that led to a lawn. We came to the end where boards blocked the access. Needless to say we went around through the trees and entered the lawn.<br />There it was. Amazing. Enormous! Institutional! The largest and creepiest thing I have ever seen. You have to see it to believe it. HUGE! We walked to what we think was the side of one building. Conveniently a door was unlocked. We entered..........................<br />An immediate stare case. Up or down was the choice. First time there so up was a safer. Inside was paint chips ready to fall from the walls, no electricity and particles of the building all over the floor. Years of neglect I guess. Between the 3 of us a single flash light and a 3 lighters. Walls stained with leaking water of the past, floor tile that crumbled under your feet as you walked softly not to disturb anything out of fear more than anything. It was amazing.<br />We wandered for over an hour. 2 of us using useless lighters and one with the flashlight. My friend with the flash light would  turn corners with the light facing forward and darken everything around us in back as to almost purposefully scare the hell out of us. Light didn't even seem to reflect on anything except the floor. Next time a couple lights each.<br />We explored every room that came to us. We even went far enough for doors to close behind us. Doors that cleared a path to join each building yet block a quick escape. Each room had a story to tell. Some with documents others with boxes of personal belongings of former &quot;patients&quot;. Our 2 A.M. expedition was cut short. I can't say why without sounding cliche or like I am making something up. Maybe it was pure fear, desperation for light. I can tell you this, whatever it was that got us out of that place made all 3 of us move at the same time from different places and all in a big hurry.<br />I recommend you see this movie. You can't make scenery like this in Hollywood. This is the real deal.<br />By the way, remember that lawn we entered the building from? It's a cemetery.<br />(If I had tons more space I would have told it all) - RJD
B000001ELR|5.0|If you're looking for soothing easy going lite rock, music you can sleep by.... YOU'VE COME TO THE WRONG PLACE!! This CD kicks [behind]. Folks, Pure and Simple, this is METAL and nothing but Metal. From the fast paced title cut to War Machine, this is pure Rock and Roll. There are two songs, and I do say only two that are \\"slow\\" and that is I Still Love You and I Love It Loud, and even they are played in a Metal Tone. All of the rest of the songs on this CD are fast paced rock and roll Metal. If you want to listen to something to run your parents out of the house, THIS IS IT!!
B00001PE4D|5.0|The only word to describe Cruel Intentions is phenomenal!  Everything about this movie shines.  The stars are perfect in their roles, the soundtrack rocks, and the plot draws you in from the beginning.<br />The story follows young playboy Sebastian (Ryan Phillippe) and his stepsister Katherine(Sarah Michelle Gellar).  The two make a dangerous bet: Can Sebastion sleep with the headmaster's virginal daughter (Reese Witherspoon)before school starts in the fall?  These roles are played expertly by the talented trio.  Gellar, in particular, shines as the evil Katherine.  She was awarded an MTV movie award for best female performance for her work here.  Selma Blair, Joshua Jackson, Christine Barinski, and Swoosie Kurtz all appear in humorous roles throughout the film.<br />Do yourself a favor and buy this modern retelling of Dangerous Liasions.  It's intentions are anything but cruel on the viewer!
0060207051|5.0|I've read this to my nephew so many times, over and over.  If you read it with the right cadence, you can actually cause yourself to fall asleep.  It is a must have for anyone with children around them, I buy it for expecting parents all of the time now.
B00005JKED|5.0|When you think there's no way Denzel can play a better part, you'll be surprised! On Training Day, he shows his cruel side and delivers the ultimate performance when it's about dirty cops (Believe me, worthy of thousands of Academy Awards). Denzel disturbs. When he appears, it's like other classical villains: I hope he does not get killed, so there'll be a sequel. After a session of \\"Training Day\\", you'll be asking yourself why didn't Denzel made other bad guys. This doesn't only worth the ticket, but the entire crowd!!!!
0345403959|4.0|I do love the Belgariad and the Mallorean. Whilst they do not have the overall complexity of The Wheel of Time, or the great heroism of The Lord of the Rings, they do have something these lack. Wit and charm. I have read the series a few times, and they are by far the most enjoyable reads I have ever had, except for a few niggles (&quot;nice little fight&quot; does get boring). <BR>This book is no exception to the rule. Although you need to read the series first, once you have you will find this book answers many questions and provides a compelling background to the books.<BR>HOWEVER, towards the end I noticed some inconsistencies with the texts, and this does detract from the enjoyment slightly, as you feel that towards the end, Eddings was getting slightly bored and lazy. This is not to detract from the whole novel, as the rest is superbly crafted, and the first person perspective works excellently. <BR>The other major plus point of the novel is the presentation of Belgarath as a wholly fallible character. Whilst this is undesirable in many cases, in this one it serves to add greater depth to his character, and also justify the exsistence of his brothers. You can't help but end up wondering about Beldin's history, or why Zedar ended up acting the way he did, and that is a testament to the strength of Eddings character development.<br />All in all this is definitely worth a look if you are a fan. If you aren't, then read the Belgariad and Mallorean and I can guarantee you soon will be.
B00005MAM2|5.0|I recently purchased Akira because my cousin had put up a lot of hype about the movie. Later that week ,after his first failed attempt, We finally watched it. It was possibly the best anime movie ever. The only dissapointment being the slight lack of extras on the double DVD set (Only 124 minutes, puny by today's standards with that 6, 10 and 20 hours of stuff) but I found that it was not overwhelming like the Episode One, or Planet of the Apes. Who would want to watch 10 hours of extras? anyway, thats the only slight drawback,but the movie itself is exellent, 10 of of 10 stuff!
B000002B7U|4.0|I've always liked Ozzy, but for some reason didn't want to keep shelling out the bucks for albums that I might not end up liking. And Ozzy did make quite a few albums during the eighties, many of those live collections. \\"The Ultimate Sin\\" was his 1986 (ahh, the mid 80s) release after 3 successful studio albums (including 1983's \\"Bark At the Moon\\") in the early part of the decade. It took 3 years for this album to be released and when I listen to it I think, what? Consider both \\"Blizzard Of Ozz\\" and \\"Diary Of Madman\\" (super highly praised discs with the late, great Randy Rhodes) were released in the same year (in America, anyway)! \\"The Ultimate Sin\\" just should have been more. <br />\\"The Ultimate Sin\\" is more commercially viable yet still kind of rebellious. \\"You Never Know Why\\" is all about those groups that just didn t understand Ozzy and rock music with the chant of \\"We rock\\" repeated often. Take that, Jerry Fawell! When not defending metal against the forces of the conservative, he is discussing the Cold War with the cheeky hard rock with keyboards \\"Thank God For The Bomb\\" and the dour slow jam \\"Killer Of Giants\\" (watch out for a few laughable riffs). The big single was, of course, \\"Shot In The Dark\\", a burst of big 80s guitar driven metal. Ozzy s vocals are stronger then ever on this track.<br />It's hard to count Ozzy out, but Randy Rhodes had such a big presence as a guitar God that this lowered down metal feast can hardly compare. If people are always insisting on ranking Ozzy s records according to guitar, this one is still very good. Also, lyrically there are many sharp moments of reflection and writing about real issues, which are quite effective. But still, the arrangements are unsettlingly dated while all the stuff that I have heard Ozzy do before and after \\"Sin\\" all seem more timeless. I would recommend that people buy the albums in chronological order, although I strongly urge people to get the hits set \\"Ozzmen Commeth\\" as soon as the can.
B000050XEI|5.0|This CD is just too beautiful for words. It opens up with a relaxing piano number that sifts through the soul as you listen, moving into some subtle yet uplifting songs such as \\"Wild Child\\" and \\"Lazy Days\\". And while \\"Only Time\\" may have helped some people through the horrible incident that occured on 9/11 it did very little to appease my pain and anguish - though it is a touching song. Every track here just flows with emotion. That's what makes this album so beautiful. The only stray, I believe, is the gothic \\"Tempus Vernum\\" which falls along the lines of older songs like \\"Boadicea\\". The album soon regains its light-hearted, mystical atmoshpere, however, once \\"Flora's Secret\\" comes in with its beautiful string arrangments and layered vocals.<br />Although A Day Without Rain does not contain any tunes as truly rememberable as \\"Caribbean Blue\\" and \\"Oronico Flow\\" the album as a whole is her best to date. My only complaint is its [bad] running time of 34 minutes and 26 seconds.<br />...(the songs are short but sweet).
B000063DIR|1.0|False advertising at its worst and utter ugliest.  This is the ultimate sin in Ozzydom.  You don't mess with this album other than perhaps remaster or remix it to be as best sounding as possible with technological advancements in sound.  But to re-record?  Who in the hell ever dreamed this one up?  Talk about the ultimate in stupidity!  Ozzy, you messed this one and Blizzard Of Ozz up bigtime.  Lee Kerslake and Bob Daisely put on some incredible tracks on these albums and for what...... No way, unacceptable.  I bought this CD as it is my all time favorite Ozzy CD and Blizzrd of Ozz because they both have Randy on guitar and I could not believe my ears.  It was obvious immediately with the opening drums of Over The Mountain that something was very wrong.  I raced to the back of the cd booklet and was horrified at what I read...Re-recorded bass and drums by so and so...I gasped for air and was horrified.  Go ahead Ozzy ...why not re-record Randy's tracks while you are at it.  ...Utter and complete blasphemy and the worst thing was that there was no way of telling from the outer package that theser were re-recorded tracks.  In fact, I listened very sickingly to most of the songs and then just yesterday sold them both to my local used CD shop...  ...Do not buy at any cost!!!!
B00000G3AZ|4.0|I prefer (in some ways) the BBC version of this that stars Kate Beckinsale, but this is a very solid production. The acting is uniformly strong, the production values wonderful, and the cast is unusually attractive (even for a movie). The script varies from the book somewhat more than I expected (it diverges a little  more even than &quot;Clueless&quot;), but it didn't bother me. If you are a hardened Austen fan you might prefer the Beckinsale version, but you'll want to see this one, too, and if you aren't, you'll probably prefer this version.
B000002NJS|5.0|This album is a brilliant masterpiece that showcases a mature & reinvented Madonna.  Her vocals are impeccable and her lyrics are the most well written and personal to date... <br />I must admit when I first heard Ray of Light I didn't like it, except for \\"Frozen\\".  I thought to myself, \\"What is Madonna trying to give?\\"  Of course, I had been a hard core raver for 6 years, and I was comparing it to the progressive house scence of Baltimore and the trance music I had been listening to.  I waited a month before I listented to it again, and I thought to myself... Madonna has always created dance music and been on the cutting edge.\\"  Given that trance was seeping into the mainstream at the time, this was an obvious progression for Madonna.<br />To the reviewer that stated Madonna is just mainstream.  ... She always has been.  What do you think pop artists are?  Every single artist and group in the last 6 years is mainstream; moreover, there are no true pop, dance, alternative, college artists/groups anymore.  And what's worse is they all sound exactly alike.  On the other hand, Madonna has always had her own unique style and sound.  Not many artists today can claim that.  They are they ones who are out to make a quick buck, and they usually have only one or two good songs on their albums.  7 good songs on one album is a miracle in todays market.
0385505833|5.0|What a terrific book. I enjoyed this book from the first page to the last page. I was only sorry that it ended. Mr Grisham congratulations! I read a new book almost weekly and I don't remember enjoying a book as much as Skipping Christmas.<br />Thank You!
B000001GAO|4.0|Considering how many big-name conductors stumble and fall on this one...Von Karajan and Neville Marriner being two notable examples, in my opinion...it was a delight to hear Bernstein capturing the essence of Mozart's last ouevre.  Working with fairly significant forces, Bernstein nonetheless achieves clarity and convinces the listener, for the most part.  The Recordare stands out as the most sublime movement on this CD; the Dies Irae, the Hostias, the Benedictus, and the Agnus Dei are also satisfying.<br />A couple of quibbles; the Introit is a bit slow for my tastes; the opening soloist on the Tuba Mirum is crosses over from emotional expressiveness into melodrama, particularly with his excessively rolled &quot;r's&quot;; and the Lacrimosa, arguably the most beautiful movement of the entire work, is much too slow.  What was he thinking here? The tempo he's chosen has caused some of the textual material to come off as completely absurd simply because it's so slow it sounds ridiculous.<br />My favorite recording of the Requiem continues to be Robert Shaw's, although if you like the kind of thing John Eliot Gardiner does, that version is also not without its deep satisfactions.
6301963911|5.0|I watch this film with any girl I am beginning to think could be datable, and its a good one for that, because no film about relationships is better.  This tremondous film is first, hilarious, with plenty of high brow humor to keep anyone going, but especially bright people who are tired of flatuence as the norm for gags in film.  Secondly, it is simply well done, in a string of seamless flashbacks and interestingly shot scences and techniques.  Lastly, its profoundly tragic, as its message is that love usually fades.  For anyone who has felt for someone, had many a magic moment with that one, and then known it was over forever, simply watch the ending montage to the beautiful soundtrack of Seems Like Old Times and try not to choke on your emotion.  THATS what makes Woody the best (please accept my apology David Lynch, you're great too).
B00005JLBX|4.0|Amadeus is one of my favorite films.  When I saw that it was having a limited release with its Director's Cut version I immediately bought a ticket.  I was told it is now about 3 hours and 20 minutes long.  I am somewhat at a loss to describe my experience.<br />The most impressive part of this version is the added scenes throughout the film.  It is for these scenes alone that you should see this cut.  It is now apparent so much was edited out during its initial theatrical release that scenes were not properly connected and the characters' motives not fully explained.  They are now.  I won't go into specifics but one of the additions explains the relationship between Salieri and Mozart's wife and why she disliked him so much.<br />The quality of the print is fine with no signs of aging.<br />Here comes my dilemma.  The sound quality is horrible.  Being a film of Mozart there is music and lots of it.  In fact,  the soundtrack  plays a crucial and intricate role.  So what happened to this version?  One way to descibe it is early digital- harsh, flat as a pancake, and 'nails on the blackboard' irritating.  By the end of the movie I developed a headache and had an urge to leave the room as soon as possible- no staying for the credits as I normally do.  What a shame!<br />My recommendation would be to see this film but be forewarned.  Bring some aspirin with you.
B00004X01U|5.0|\\"Music\\" is a dance classic!!!  Madonna is an example, to all of the young wannabe's & carbon cut-outs of todays music industry, of what good pop music (& videos) is all about.  \\"Tell Me\\" is such a beautiful song that is highly overlooked and should have been nominated for a Grammy.  It's wonderful to see that after all these years Madonna still has it in her and is as hip as when she first came out.  Not many artists can claim that.
0451526384|3.0|I rate this book three stars.  This is the first book from Jane Austen I have read and am not accustomed to her style of writing.  I liked this book very much, don't get me wrong, but at times it dragged on, going over tons of social class and position stuff.  The end is expected, but suprising at the same time.  There is romance in the book, but not enough for my satisfaction.  But overall this books is a good one!  I would definetly buy it regardless of my personal tastes.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I never like a musical movie. But this movie is different.<BR>It's unique. Very entertaining and romantic. Ewan and Nicole sang beautifully. They have chemistry. And Baz, the director is a genius. The first time i saw the movie, i thought it was weird. But my friends told to watch it again. I bought the DVD, and they were right. I'm beginning to think i'm obsessed with this movie.<BR>Because i watch it so many times. And the more i watch, the more i like the movie. I keep thinking about it. For me it's the best movie of the year.
B00005JKJA|4.0|A definite must-own DVD. For those unfamiliar with the film, Mulholland Drive is David Lynch's masterful portrayal of revenge, guilt, lust, and love. At times disturbing, funny, and erotic, this film is a masterpiece. Some may complain that the DVD is all bare bones and lacking in features. While there is no chapter-select option, Mulholland Dr. should only be viewed in its entirety. The picture and sound quality are excellent, although there is only a default setting. The DVD is also lacking in extras. It contains only a few cast notes and the theatrical trailer. A director's commentary would have been nice. But I can't imagine anyone purchasing this movie for the extras. It is worth mentioning that included in the DVD case is a list of ten hints intended to aid in interpreting the film. Those unfamiliar with David Lynch's works may find this a very helpful addition, but I personally would have rather seen it left out. Make no mistake, Mulholland Dr. is a work of art and it does not does no service to walk us through the film. But those who have issues with a \\"cheat sheet\\" can simply choose to ignore it. This is something of a bare bones DVD. While it has very few extras, the meat is in the movie. And what a movie it is! And with the excellent sound and picture quality, you can't go wrong with this one.
B00005QZ7U|4.0|Yup, it's true.  You will either love Moulin Rouge, or hate it.  The movie is so utterly loaded with excesses that there is no room left for middle ground on the matter.  The movie is simple spectacle for spectacle's shape.<br />The plot is simple.  Penniless author falls in love with a  beautiful and unattainable artist but has to keep her away from the incredibly rich, powerful, and square duke.  In other words, it's nothing Shakespeare In Love didn't do better and you'll probably be able to guess how the story ends within 20 minutes.  That's not the point, however, as Baz Luhrmann uses the story as a backdrop and send you spinning into a fantasy world.  The sets and costumes are spectacular but the music is so outrageous, so over-the-top that your reaction to it will make or break the whole movie.  The first big dance number is a medley of two original songs, 'Diamonds Are A Girls Best Friend,' 'Material Girl,' and 'Smells Like Teen Spirit.'  Somehow, it works.<br />I will admit, this movie is not for everybody.  I liked it - which is why I'm giving it four stars instead of three - better than A Beautiful Mind or The Fellowship Of The Ring.  Others may find the movie's excesses too much to stand.  The beginning is a bit absurd (my reaction to the first five minutes was one of skepticism and disdain).  The directing style is hyperactive, but Lurhmann is nowhere near as jerky as he was with William Shakespeare's Romeo And Juliet, a movie that was literally making me motion sick watching it.  Still, the acting is solid, particularly Nicole Kidman, John Leguizamo, and Jim Broadbent.  Broadbent's performance as Harold Zidler alone is worth watching the movie.  Even Ewen McGregor, whose voice doesn't quite stand up to Kidman's or Broadbent's manages to hang in there musically and make up the difference with his acting.  <br />That said, if you willing to accept Moulin Rouge for the simple, absurd, over-the-top spectacle that it is, watch it and you will not be disappointed.  If not, you're better off looking elsewhere.
6305558167|4.0|As a budget DVD, I suppose I shouldn't complain.  This was one of the first movies I upgraded when I bought my DVD player.  However, the only thing that makes this DVD better than the VHS is that you can see it in widescreen format.<br />COnsidering many think this is the penultimate King Arthur movie, I would hope that someday the studio would put together a special edition DVD with a few more extras.
B00005ARDC|4.0|They don't only clone cats these days.  Do you feel like every other band out there sounds like the same group of guys just using a different name?<br />Black Rebel Motorcycle Club offers an audio palate-cleansing.  Though they may remind you of a few bands before them, the similarity stops there.  Where many of today's bands write music because another group made the sound popular, BRMC writes and plays music true to their hearts. <BR>You can feel it listening to this album, and you can really feel it seeing and hearing them performing live.  If you get the chance, drop everything and go feast on the musical bliss!!<br />...I'm waiting for a live recording now fellas...
B00005OM4N|4.0|Britney Spears - 'Britney'<br /> Oops...she did it again! Sassy, 19 year old Britney Spears has released her third album entitled 'Britney.' Breaking away from her school girl image of 'Baby One More time' Britney has released 'I'm a slave 4 U' and 'Overprotected' with the sexy new Britney videos to match with the album. This really does show her off in a new light. Britney has grown up and wants people to know about it. She demonstrates this with the lyrics from 'Overprotected' such as 'I'm so fed up of people telling me to be someone else but me.' This song was both written and produced by Max Martin and Rami. Also a song dedicated to showing her young womanhood and bidding farewell to her teen years is 'I'm not a girl, Not yet a woman.' this song was written by Dido and shows some resemblance to her style and this leaves her mark on the album.<br />Like may other artist's Britney experiments with her style choosing the classic rock and roll. Britney really sets off the style in Rodney Jerkins produced version of Joan Jetts 'I Love Rock and Roll.' Although leaving her mark she carries the new style out well.<BR>Britney enlists in an array of top grade songwriters including the mentioned Rodney Jerkins and Dido, also her boyfriend N*SYNC's Justin Timberlake. The Neptune's are the producers of two tracks 'I'm a Slave 4 U' and 'Boys' from the album these tracks sound almost the same and do actually tell the same story the only difference - the words. The best of it is 'Boombastic Love.' This has exactly the same chorus as 'Oops...I Did It Again!' and as we may well remember that has the similar sound to 'Baby One more Time.'<br />This is not an album exclusively for playground dance routines but an all rounder of late nights and dance clubs, of self-discovery and self doubt.<br />Britneys explosion of her womanhood gets pulled off both musically and lyrically. Once heard, those feet will be tapping and your hips swinging and you also will be the one learning those playground dance moves.<br />Well-Done Britney, a massive 8 out of 10!<br />...
078881172X|5.0|I bought my video tape used.  Well, I thought I was buying it used but when it arrived, well packaged from the seller through Amazon.com, it appeared to have been unopened.  The movie looks great and the kids absolutely love it (3&4 years old).
6305268843|5.0|I too have fallen under the spell of Firelight.  It is perfectly paced, carrying the viewer along as the story unfolds.  How did the director, William Nicholson, coax such subtle yet revealing expressions of longing and passion on the faces of his actors?  Watch closely Sophie Marceau's face as she views her child for the very first time.  This is a day that would probably never happen!  What might this English daughter be like?  What is her name?  What is her face?  Marceau's thoughts and feelings pass over her face like a whisper, yet so poignantly.  This movie is full of such instances.  Stephen Dillane's face when he sees Elisabeth reappear in his life is absolutely worth a thousand words!  It's unforgettable.  There's very little dialogue in this movie; indeed it's not missed.  In fact this film has been prepared so concisely that a lot of the details are left to the fantasy of the viewer.  It's as though the director is saying, &quot;I won't bore you with these minute details.  Fill them out for yourself.&quot;  And you will.  The love scenes are memorable, proving that it's the intensity of feeling between the partners rather than superior technique in love-making that counts for more.  But this story is predominantly about the love between parent and child, that most moving and touching love.  The actress who plays the little girl is perfect.  All the supporting actors and actresses are perfect.  This movie has spoiled me for a great many others I've seen since.
6302150930|5.0|I remember watching this movie in the early 80's on HBO. I haven't seen it since then, but I remember it vividly... the scenery was breathtaking, and the score was haunting. I wish they would put in on DVD with extras, like &quot;the making of...&quot;<BR>this is an beautiful movie. Watch this if you liked Gadiator, Braveheart, The last of the Mohicans, The joy luck club, or any other movie that gives you the same feeling.
6300208591|4.0|Even when I saw La Dolce Vita many years ago, at the time of its first release, I found it hard to take the film's moralizing pretensions very seriously. Pauline Kael sarcastically compared the later Fellini Satyricon to a Cecil B. DeMille epic that simultaneously titillates the audience and inveighs against the wicked pastimes of the rich and famous. Here the reproach seems equally valid. At some moments, Fellini's point of view seems just as naive and shallow as that of the the main character played by Marcello Mastroianni. Worst of all are the sequences devoted to the decline and fall of an &quot;intellectual&quot; played--very ponderously--by Alain Cuny. Those episodes made my flesh crawl at age sixteen, and they still make me wonder if Fellini got his idea of &quot;intellectuals&quot; from watching Italian soap operas on television. Michelangelo Antonioni's La Notte--available on quite a good DVD--is far more demanding than La Dolce Vita, but at least the director knows what he's talking about.<BR>Having said made those criticisms, I would have to aver that La Dolce Vita is one of the definitive works of post-World War II European cinema. The movie has visual style to burn, the use of anamorphic composition has rarely been equalled elsewhere, and the idea of offering a panorama of Roman high life through the experiences of a reporter during a few days remains a brilliant inspiration still today. Last but not least, La Dolce Vita is really fun to watch. Even Fellini couldn't take himself seriously too long, and the best thing to do is to forget the sermonizing and dig the fabulous party.<BR>As a final note, I heartily concur with other customers about the inferior quality of the VHS tape put out by Republic. Having seen the film numerous times in a theater, I too look forward to the day it will appear in a good DVD letterbox edition.
6304342160|4.0|Two \\"bad\\" girls fall passionately in love, but their trust for one another is tried against greed and frenzy in this cerebral and highly recommended thriller.<br />One is left with enough doubt about the intent of each character to make the story unpredictable. This, combined with a series of tense circumstances, ensures that suspense is kept up at a comfortably intense level throughout. <br />With a thatrical script - free of car chases and fillers - BOUND borders on five stars.
B00004Z459|5.0|I love this album When I first bought it, I would listen to it over and over. Now, I still do.  This is a great CD. If you just buy it for Crawling, In The End, and One Step Closer, you get so much more. Linkin park prides a mix of rock, rap, and some awsome scratch'n by the DJ Mr. Hahn. If you want an alternitive rock album that you can listen to over and over buy this one. It's a classic.
B00005QK3W|5.0|I really enjoyed this record.  Lonley Road, Tiny Bubbles, Your Way, Your Loving Flame, and I Do are some of my new favorite songs.<br />It has rocking moments, quite moments, country moments, bluesy moments, and tender moments.  All in all a wonderful collection.  I don't love every song, but that is what CD programers are for, just skip what you don't like.  I would rather Paul put it all out and let us decide what we like, I rarely enjoy the big hits but find little gems like Little Lamb/Dragonfly from Red Rose Speedway take me away.<br />Thanks, Paul.  Also, I saw the concert in Las Vegas, and I really recommend it.
B000051VWW|3.0|I love Sade but this time she just did'nt make a good effort.  Mostly boring ballads.  No peppy smooth jazz beats like on previous albums.  I'd say it's average at best.  Something to fall asleep to.
0446605409|2.0|Fiction is a remarkable phenomenon.  It begins as an<BR>unread sequence of words, the whimsical construction<BR>of the author's mind.  But as the pages pass, the reality<BR>gels, the events become meaningful, the author disappears.<br />But sometimes work strains the suspension of disbelief to the<BR>breaking point.  The veil of reality disappears, and one is<BR>again left with words... words of the author's design,<BR>the events they describe without importance or causal connection.<br />This is what happens with Plum Island.<br />It isn't a total loss.  Some of the character interactions,<BR>through most of the book, are compelling, and the description<BR>of the local culture sustains interest.  But the end-game<BR>is where it falters.  Drama surrenders to silliness.  The reader<BR>is betrayed.<br />I haven't ready anything else from Demille, and probably<BR>won't.  I instead recommend Robert E. Parker's Spenser series<BR>(I recommend starting from the beginning) as superior<BR>in virtually all aspects -- it's a far better execution<BR>of the same style.
B000002UAI|5.0|I find it kind of ridiculous to try and pin down a favorite Beatles album.  They're all so good, and good for so many different reasons, it's like trying to pick your favorite Christmas.  There really isn't any point.<br />But the Beatles album I listen to when I'm in darker moods is \\"Beatles for Sale\\" and it never fails to perk me up just a bit, even more than \\"Rubber Soul.\\"<br />No, it doesn't have the total maturity and polish of some of the later albums, but that's kind of the kick.  When they recorded it in 1964, they were as big as anybody could be (and still climbing) and they were worn out.  Look at the cover, they're ragged, dazed, cold, and their eyes look a little hungover.  What better route could a group take when approaching blues and soul?<br />George's guitar riff on \\"She Came in Through The Bathroom Window\\" off Abbey Road might be my favorite moment on any Beatles record, ever, but \\"Beatles for Sale\\" has a lot of the others: the aching harmonies on \\"Baby's in Black,\\" the ragged intro on \\"Mr. Moonlight,\\" (not to mention the organ solo), Ringo's honking \\"Honey, Don't,\\" the coy passive-aggression of \\"I Don't Want to Spoil the Party,\\" the original unabashed introspection of \\"I'm A Loser,\\" and the restrained \\"been there\\" bitterness of \\"No Reply.\\"  And it's got \\"Eight Days A Week\\" on it.  It all rocks.
B00005N5S5|4.0|I was kinda miffed when I discovered that 'The Terminator' Special Edition DVD was released in the UK before it was available state-side. You'd think that the first video release of a movie would occur in the country it was made in, right? After all, how would the British digital videophile feel if 'Monty Python' was available on DVD in the US before being released in the UK? Or a Japanese disc-hound if he discovered the 'Akira' Special Edition platter was gonna first hit the street in Toronto instead of Osaka? But, since MGM is a gigantic multinational corporation, and they own the rights to (or have a license to distribute) 'The Terminator' Special Edition DVD, I guess they can release it anywhere and at any time they danged well feel like it. Which is pretty much what they did of course. Fortunately, I still had the original Terminator DVD to tide me over 'til the new platter's release date rolled around.<br />However, after checkin' out this bad boy, my little gripe concerning MGM's distribution practices kinda fell by the wayside. Though not nearly as tricked out as the Special Edition DVD release of T2, this disc does have a pretty good array of extras, including trailers, cut scenes, two documentaries, and even a choice between listening to the new 5.1 sound remix or the original mono! I found this little bonus to be the disc's most interesting feature. Since I'd watched the old mono 'Terminator' many many times, I was really able to hear the difference between the two sound tracks, especially when gunshots were being fired. Just do a quick back & forth switch between the 5.1 and the mono during the police station shootout, and you'll see-- whoops, I mean hear-- what I'm talking about!<br />I was somewhat disappointed that the cut scenes were put aside for separate viewing on the Special Features side, rather than restored to the movie itself. But, when I listened to Cameron's audio commentary regarding these moments, he made a few fairly good reasons why hedecided not to make the restoration. Still, I think it would've been a neat idea to have the option of watching the theatrical version and the rendition with these cutting-room bits restored. There's a few more poignant moments with Reese and Sarah, but most of the clipped moments involved Cyberdyne, the company that eventually paves the way for the Terminator's future. I'll not reveal any further info regarding these 'lost' scenes; you'll have to see them for yourself! <br />Then there's the documentaries. The first one is a half-hour retrospective featuring (for the most part) Arnie and Cameron discussing their memories about the making of 'The Terminator'. Then there's the 'Other Voices' doc, featuring remembrances by such notables as director-cowriter James Cameron, makeup effects designer Stan Winston, T2 co-writer William Wisher, producer Gale Ann Hurd, Arnie, Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn, and other people involved in the making of this legendary sci-fi actioner. <br />The one extra feature I was hoping would be on this disc is, unfortunately, absent: a feature-length commentary track by Cameron. I found this little exclusion to be a bit disappointing. I guess I'll just have to deal with it whilst I continue my 'Easter Egg' hunt. However, If you have a DVD-Rom in your computer, this platter also includes three different drafts of the script, as well as watch the movie whilst reading the final draft screenplay. You know, just in case you can't follow the dialogue too well, and you're not too hot about reading those pesky English subtitles. <br />'Late!
B000051VWW|5.0|This album is great.  She is not lacking anything.  Sade music is so unique that it is hard to put her in any musical category.  Lovers Rock is moving, sophisticate and inspiring.  She earned a AMA and a Grammy for this album.  It was worth it.
B00004R99R|5.0|Since this has become a recent favorite for my daughter, I have watched it many times recently, and I LOVE it!<br /><br /> The great characters, the colorful animation, and the refreshingly witty and hip script make this a standout in Disney's many releases.  I really enjoy watching this one, and I don't get tired of it.  I particularly like the \\"Hades\\" god of the dead character, voiced superbly by one of my screen favorites, the incomparable James Woods.  He makes Hades such a funny and cool villain.  I always enjoy the villains more than most other characters anyway, but Hades is one of the best Disney has ever created.  He actually looks like a female version of \\"Ursula\\" from \\"The Little Mermaid\\" too.<br /><br />Also amusingly different in this film, is the use of yiddish expressions like Hades referring to Hercules as \\"the one SCHLEMIEL who can louse everything up.\\"  Philates the goatman, aka \\"Phil\\" is my other favorite, a grumpy but tender hearted satyr who trains \\"hero's.\\"  He ALSO has a funny line where he goes on about Achilles, and how he COULD have been a hero...\\"but that FUSHLUGGENEH heel of his!!\\"<br /><br /> The muses are amusing as a gospel chorus who sing about what's happening, and give narratives as well.  The \\"fates\\" as three hideous corpses resembling \\"Mrs. Bates\\" of \\"Psycho\\" fame, who work for Hades  cutting the life thread of the \\"incoming\\" (over 500000000001 served) flashes a McDonald's-like sign as someones soul is plucked, are grusomely funny too.  No, I've not forgotten Meg, the pretty and sassy mortal gal who mutually falls for \\"Herc\\" while indebted to Hades.  She must decide whether true love will conquer all.<br /><br />The fun script, and  use of \\"hip\\" lingo delivered cheekily by terrific characters, give \\"Hercules\\" a fresh spin on the greek myth, AND make this entry the COOLEST in Disney's vast filmography.
B00003CXBK|5.0|The movie is beautiful, with wonderful scenery.  The story is not for little kids, although my five year old loves it.  Unlike the more normal fare that kids are exposed to, in this movie there are no bad guys or (all) good guys.  All of the characters have reasons for what they do, and all show signs of honor and courage.  The fact that they are in conflict makes the story much more interesting.<br />Watch the movie.  Just because it's animated doesn't mean it's for kids.
B000001FKY|4.0|I remember this album and Bon Jovi's 'Slippery When Wet' as the top albums for teenage girls. Both these albums were considered 'metal' which is ridiculous by today's standards, but back then that's what it was.<br />While me and the boys would cruise out all night with Motorhead blasting on the radio, good girls would sit at home and giggle on the phone with Joe Elliot and Bon Jovi plastered on the walls.<br />Well good girls need loving too, so the metalhead boys would buy Def Leppard tickets with much embarrasment (long gone were the days of Pyromania) and take any girl we wanted. If you had a ticked to the Hysteria Tour, it was your ticket to hit a home run that night. Those were good days.<br />Like I said I got nothing against Def Leppard, I love High n Dry and Pyromania. Those albums have survived the test of time more than Hysteria. Hysteria has late 80's written all over it. It didn't rock as hard as the earlier albums. It was getting to be that you didn't know if Def Leppard was trying to be the British Poison, or Poison was trying to be the American Def Leppard. Glam was at it's height along with Winger, White Lion, and Pretty Boy Floyd.
B00000DC7J|5.0|Astor Piazzolla should undeniably go down as one of the greatest composers in the latter half of the 20th century.  I believe that it is works like those on this disc that will do just that.  Lush harmonies, exquisite orchestrations and an exactness of detail make this performance flawless in every way.  It is hypnotizingly seductive.
0449241424|5.0|This book has a lot to be learned off.  I think that everyone should read this book.  If you haven't you better start now.
B00005RHGK|5.0|I won't write too much about the film itself, other critics have done that for me.  In short, being a big fan of horror films, I would say that this movie adds a new dimension to the horror genre, and you should enjoy it if you have enjoyed other films in the same field.  One extra comment I would add is that the director's commentary on the DVD is well worth listening in to.  I learned so much more about what he was trying to achieve with certain scenes.  Unlike many other commentaries, I was happy to listen to this throughout thew entire film.
B00005JKJA|5.0|David Lynch directs a dark, mystery film set in Hollywood. Naomi Watts stars as a young, wanna-be actress. Or is she? She meets Laura Herring, a woman who survives a car wreck with amnesia, and both try to discover the woman's identity. In the midst of this, a young movie director, played by Justin Theroux, faces opposition when trying to re-cast the lead actress for his movie. What do the two stories have in common? They both contain a dark, almost paranoid atmosophere, and they both lead to an incredible climax that will have you seeing the film a second time to sift through the mystery for a conclusion. <BR>The film contains many scenes that do not seem related and yet, they fit together nicely. Through the chaos, there's a logic that's haunting and sad.
B00005YW4H|5.0|One of the things that makes this disk so exciting is it's feeling of pure undiscovered innocence.  Like the fragrant smell of a night blooming jasmine, this disk is one that quietly caresses the senses causing you to stop in your tracks and wonder if it is that sweet smell giving you that feeling or is is just the imagination.<br />Although rooted in Jazz, the music of Norah Jones crosses many boundaries and while this may be one of the disks greatest strengths, it also may be for some, its ultimate downfall.  Today's audiences like things they can easily categorize - Diana Krall's classic balladry, or Pop songs full of catchy lyrics for example - and this disk with it's meandering journey through torch jazz, blues, pop, and country, may be just to wide for those who's musical expectations are defined by narrow boundaries.<br />Joneses forays into Jazz tinged pop and country may be off-putting to many jazz purists, and too broad for pop audiences who prefer a sameness in all they listen to.  That being said, songs like Hank William's &quot;Cold Cold Heart&quot; as much demonstrates Joneses ability for making the worldly sound otherwordly as it does the fact that Hank Williams did not just write great Country songs - he was one of the great songwriters of the 20th century.<br />Good music is about taking chances and about not being afraid to dream - something many fans of both Jazz and Pop music seem to have forgotten.  The irony of this is that many of today's Jazz greats started out as rule breakers who after being villified by the music establishment went on to define the very meaning of jazz itself.  Pop music in its heyday was also unafraid of breaking rules with artists like Joni Mitchell, and Bob Dylan changing the way in which we defined popular music often at the expense of their popularity.  In my mind it is not whether or not Jones measures up but whether or not we as listeners have lost the ability to dream.<br />Perhaps if I have one small complaint itis that the laid back quality of the disk causes many of the fine musicians on this disk to be kept too much in the background.  It would have been really nice to hear musicians such as these given the freedom to really let loose against Joneses voice.  All that being said here's to hoping that both Pop audiences and Jazz aficionados can recognize the potential that Jones has to offer.  Here is also to hoping that Norah Jones grows to realize this potential herself.
1878424505|5.0|These concepts are so simple, yet so profound - it's hard not to experience at least one &quot;d'oh!&quot; per page... Readers should not overly focus on the rather rudimentary writing style, because to do so would miss the deeper point of this book.  The Four Agreements offers one the opportunity to view life a bit differently... small adjustments in thinking that can/will absolutely lead to a better sense of self!  (yep...it's really that good!)
B000005IRG|3.0|The album deserves 3 1/2 stars on the strength of the song \\"Marquee Moon\\" alone -- an hypnotic anthem that is one of the most amazing songs I've ever heard (the guitar playing sends shivers...).  If for no other reason than to hear that song, buy this album.  I also like the opener, \\"See No Evil,\\" and \\"Friction,\\" both of which are a little more up-tempo than the rest of the album (although not close to being punk rock in their sound. I am willing to call Television \\"punk\\" based on the band's aesthetics and its emergence from the NY punk scene, but most of its music sounds more like a mixture of early New Wave and mid-period King Crimson-type progressive rock than anything resembling punk.  I think Verlaine ended his interest in punk rock as a musical expression when he kicked the almighty Richard Hell out of the band -- probably, in the end, a good move for both).  Outside of those three songs, I don't find the rest of the album to be very interesting.  Plus, I don't always appreciate Verlaine's vocals (he sort of sounds like Chrissie Hynde at times).  Still, what an awe-inspiring title track...
0446608955|4.0|I hadn't really intended on reading this until my best friend gave it to me for my birthday. I had seen the movie and liked it, but I was really blown away by the book.<BR>The story loses some of its teeneybopper movie elements in favor of a sweeping, romantic story that still retains younger generation appeal. I loved the descrpition of the Christmas play in here better than the one they did in the movie, and all in all, the book was better. <BR>I read it while listening to the &quot;Love Affair&quot; soundtrack in my headphones, and it really accentuated the romantic longing and feelings. I would recommend this book to anyone who liked the movie -- you will probably like the book even better!
B00005R2M3|4.0|It's too bad Shakira had to gussy herself up like Britney Spears to break into American music.  The trouble is that now she will be forever viewed, by some, as a Britney clone, when actually she is much more talented, and much more fun to listen to.  She just happens to have a similar look.<br />But enough about Britney already.  Here is a rundown of the best songs on Shakira's relentlessly fun album, _Laundry Service_.<br />\\"Objection/Tango\\", which is just as awesome in the Spanish version, \\"Te Aviso, Te Anuncio.\\"  Starts out sounding like traditional Latin music, then the band breaks out the guitars and turns the song into a fast-paced rocker that sounds like a cross between a juiced-up tango and No Doubt.  I have no idea why this song reminds me of No Doubt.  It just does.  Maybe it's the manic tempo.<br />\\"Whenever, Wherever\\", the one you've all heard, a song that will get you dancing.<br />\\"Underneath Your Clothes\\" and \\"The One\\", which I must admit I sometimes get mixed up...I'll be humming the chorus to one and then break into the verse from the other.  They're very similar, both sexy midtempo odes to a true love, and I like them both.  I especially love the church organ in \\"The One\\", suggesting wedding bells, even as the lyrics keep it deceptively light.<br />\\"Eyes Like Yours\\".  Wow.  Gives me the chills.  I can play this one four times in a row without getting bored.  Another fast song, it reminded me that Gloria Estefan actually writes good music when she puts her mind to it.  \\"Music of the Heart\\" can almost make one forget that.<br />\\"Poem to a Horse\\"--this one is low-key in comparison to some of the dancier songs, but it's gotten under my skin, with its wry good-bye to a stoned and narcissistic lover.  I love it just for the line, \\"If I say my heart is sore, sounds like a cheap metaphor, so I won't repeat it no more.\\"  I almost forget that she *does* repeat it two more times.  LOL...<br />The rest of the songs are either dance tunes or midtempo ballads, some of which are pretty good.  Two of them, \\"Rules\\" and \\"Fool\\", I don't like the lyrics to.  The narrator of the first is a possessive loony, and the second is spineless.  Other than that, though, this is a good album.  I expected to hate it, but now it's earning a place in my \\"heavy rotation\\".  Rock on, Shakira.
B00000K413|5.0|All my childhood dreams, all my fears, all my growing<BR>pains are gathered here. It was back in 1983, I was only 15,<BR>I had many questions and no answers. These songs made me<BR>realise I wasn't alone, I wasn't the only one being afraid.<BR>There were other people trying to find their way out of this<BR>Labyrinth. I was reliefed. I was trying to read between the lines, to find the meaning of life.It's silly you know, for<BR>me as a young Greek to seek answers in songs written in a <BR>language I hardly understood, but Roland & Curt dressed up<BR>their lyrics with such intense & powerful music it was<BR>almost breathtaking. It was a quest in an unknown territory,<BR>full of challenge & danger.Nowadays, looking back, all I feel<BR>is gratitude for all these special moments we spent together.<BR>Thank you guys.
B00003CY6M|4.0|The romance of NYC at Christmas absolutely MADE this movie! And I once read a review that said &quot;fate plays as large a role as the 2 leading actors&quot; and it's very true!<BR>The story echos &quot;Love Affair&quot; and &quot;An Affair to Remember&quot; (only not quite as good), but it adds many laughs and is very well acted! <BR>Highly recommended to all hopeless romantics!
B00005RY7X|4.0|I saw the ads for Andrew W.K. on MTV and was blown away by his  music stylings.  Since the album is at an EP price and I better get it now before it jacks up to 17 or 18.99.  Andrew is vvvvveeeerrryyy wild and I dont think I could compare him to anyone else in the music biz.  Maaaybe Blink 182 meets Trent Reznor?  Andrew W.K. is a one of a kind artist that breaks away from the rest thats currently out now.
0783229526|4.0|This movie is a great accomplishment for Depp and Thomson both. A great and detailed overview of the corrupt and heavy lifestyle of two drug abusers during the late sixties, this movie articulates what it's like to be a fiend. With such a dark comedic viewpoint, this movie has higher meanings and hidden messages that still boggle my mind. Though some people may be confused and bewildered by such a torrent of madness, this movie stands as one of a kind. I personally have read the book before the movie came out and I feel that the movie leaves out many crucial moments. This may be the reason for some confusion in certain scenes. I would recommend that anyone who is interested in watching this read up on Thomson and the real book of Fear and Loathing. With such an astounding and awesome view of politics and socialization, Thomson really knows how to create a world without the outside opinion of a christian optimist! Let's be frank.....this movie isn't for light-hearted people who love their jobs. This movie is for those who ask the question...Why?
B000060P79|5.0|If you're a fan of any kind of rock band, then you'll LOVE Simlpe Plan!  I was listening to the radio, and Simple Plan's song \\"I'm Just a Kid\\" came on; I loved it!  They're a band that really puts a lot of time into their music, and you can tell that when you listen to their songs.  I would say that this is the best CD to buy for a friend, as a gift, or for yourself.  I'd recomend this band to anyone! Buy their CD!!!!!
B00005BF9Z|4.0|I heard this CD playing at a local Borders Book Store and I had to buy it on the spot.  It was ecclectic, funky, and it makes you happy!  What more can you ask for?  <BR>I was completely unfamiliar with this artist so I had no real pre-conceived notions about what this CD might be like.  Suffice it to say, this is a great CD, I listen to it very often and recommend it to all my friends.  Between his voice, his arrangements that run the gamut from Jamaican to Brazilian influences, I have yet to find someone who doesn't like this CD.  GET IT!
B00000JCY0|5.0|Sweet Fanny Adams is perhaps Sweet's greatest achievement.  I loved it when it first came out and still do to this present day.   The albulm displayed the repetoir of the band, and one cannot resist recognising the four part harmony in their tracks.  Some would label Sweet as a commercial band, and this is opened to debate.  Commercial or not, the product is excellent.  I would high recommend it.
B00005JKJA|5.0|The first half of the movie is as good or better than Blue Velvet. The second half has both the upsides and downsides of Lynch's post Blue Velvet work & is reminiscent of his Twin Peaks/Lost Highway period.<br />The first half is really good though. Two strong story lines, one involving an amnesiac Laura Harring & the other a newly arrived to Hollywood Naomi Watts. Harring is fleeing something and doesn't know what it is & Watts is pursuing something, a dream to be a star. The two end up in the same strange apartment complex, and there is chemistry between them.<br />The second half of the film takes that chemistry and performs some surreal alchemy with it. Not only does any semblance of a straightforward plot vanish but the characters themselves become different people. This is Lynch only terrain where dreams and reality are no longer neatly separated. Some of it is highly charged but some of it seems a little too reminiscent of some of Lynch's earlier surrealisms.<br />I preferred the first half which ends at the time the two women become most initmate and go to a midnight theatre. That theatre is the threshold where one reality ends and the more dream infused reality begins, the theatre where the female singer sings a Spanish version of Orbison's \\"Crying\\" bringing both women to tears....a scene and song you will not soon forget. Movie fans will think of Bergman more than once in this Persona swapping movie. The first half feels like an updated version of Persona in a Hollywood noir setting, an enticing blend. The second half becomes more, well, Lynch. The second half sacrifices continuity for visceral power, as you acclimate to this new movie within the movie you approve of this strnage twisting and the turning inside out of normal linear narrative. The strongest male in the movie is a movie director(Theroux) who looks like Lynch maybe did when he was 25. That movie maker within the movie makes one think of Fellini's 8 1/2 and Truffaut's Day for Night but the situation/character is not developed. He's there merely to pad the reality/dream conceit and as identity conduit than as a full character with a plot line of his own. Naomi Watts does about ten scenes in this movie which will floor movie goers of any persuasion.<br /> The first half sets you up in an appealing 'Blue Velvet' innocent on the surface/corrupt beneath the surface situation and with two extraordinary multi-dimensional characters and the second half subverts everything so that the corruption is on the surface/innocence buried beneath. Days after seeing Mulholland Drive its the second disturbing nocturne of the second half that continues to haunt the too bright afternoon.on/character is not developed. He's there merely to pad the reality/dream conceit and as identity conduit than as a full character with a plot line of his own. Naomi Watts does about ten scenes in this movie which will floor movie goers of any persuasion. <BR> The first half sets you up in an appealing 'Blue Velvet' innocent on the surface/corrupt beneath the surface situation and with two extraordinary multi-dimensional characters and the second half subverts everything so that the corruption is on the surface/innocence buried beneath. Days after seeing Mulholland Drive its the second disturbing nocturne of the second half that continues to haunt the too bright afternoon.
B00004XMTH|3.0|With the Broadway production closed, Cats is no longer \\"Now and Forever\\". This video is an attempt to capture the Great White Way's longest running show before other productions follow suit.    There is perhaps no other musical that so fiercely divides people as Cats, and it probably isn't much of a stretch to say that it's both Broadway's most loved and most hated show. Your opinion of real cats is a good barometer as to whether you'll like it.     The thin story threads that pull the play together are really just an excuse to put T.S. Eliot's collection of nonsense poems about cats to music.     The cast is the main asset here, some performances being the definitive interpretations of the roles. To name names would become too exhaustive with such a large cast, but suffice it to say that almost everyone is excellent. The singing is good to wonderful, and much is expressed through body language and facial expression, giving the characters unique personalities yet keeping them elusive enough to make you involved in the process of deciding what they are.     The problem are the editing and filming, which are terrible. Intimate scenes don't fare that badly but sequences like the Jellicle Ball, the dance highlight of the whole production, lose far too much of their effect in the translation.  Films of other musicals prove that this doesn't have to be (think the school dance in West Side Story), so this is really inexcusable.    As for the debate over child appropriateness, one should be aware that - I'll put this delicately - the play does briefly and tastefully deal with the reality of what cats and other animals occasionally do when left to their own devices. Before you get alarmed, I'll also point out that the choreography in question isn't that much more suggestive than that in the average ballet and probably isn't as suggestive as that in the teen video your kid watched last night. As a general guideline - mid to late teens no problem, early and pre teens minor parental squirm factor, and younger than that you might want to pre-view or at least have the ability to think fast if any questions arise.  The lyrics are, of course, completely G-rated.    All in all, a must-buy if you're a fan.
