0385504209|3.0|Much ado about nothing concerning the historical inaccuracies in this book.  Being a bit of an art sleuth myself I examined the cover and noticed the words \\"a novel\\" cleverly hidden several centimeters above Mona Lisa's left eye.  All caps, white on black.<br />Having uncovered Dan Brown's `secret' before I opened the book, I was able to enjoy this read for what it is:  A nice whodunit with an intriguing premise that runs clumsily out of gas about half way through.  I suspect Mr. Brown had a deadline to meet or perhaps got impatient with his work.  Too bad, because for about 200 pages this is about as good a read as you're going to find anywhere.  But when I got to the end of the quest I really didn't care at all how things were resolved.  The second half of the book becomes sort of character pinball, with many sudden changes of direction for all involved.<br />The questions about the life of Jesus, secrets in the works of the Masters, and the mystery of the Holy Grail have all been out there and discussed for all of my lifetime and for centuries before, I'm sure.  Brown deserves a lot of credit for putting them together so cleverly in modern mystery form.  If he'd taken the same care with the second half of his novel as he did with the beginning we might be looking at a work of the stature of Follett's \\"Pillars of the Earth\\", instead we're left with a good detective story that gets just a little zany towards the end.<br />All of the above said, it is a page-turner and deserves three stars.
0064471837|5.0|When i first started reading this book (Sabriel), i couldn't put it down. I read it whenever possible. This book keeps you interested and alert. I read it in a week (its a page turner for sure). I've just started reading the second book to it, (Lirael) and already half way through it and i've aready ordered the next book (Abhorsen). These books are great for people who love fantasy, magic and more. This book (along with the rest of the series) takes you into a different world that you won't want to leave. I'm 13 (reading at a 10th grade level)and am extreamly in love with Garth Nix writings. I Advise you read many of his books. Such as The Seventh Tower (books 1-6), Mister monday, Grim Tuesday, Shades children or Serena & the Sea Serp( maybe for some younger children). As you can see, he's had much experince and is a great author. He's very desriptive, which is what got me sucked into his books.If the beginning of his books confuse you at all...KEEP reading, its worth is  and whatever confused you will soon be explained. I hope you have as much fun as i did when i read some of his books.
006054094X|4.0|I am giving this book a high rating because I found it extremely interesting reading.  I agree with critics that individual pieces of evidence -- unexplained artifacts, pre-Columbian maps that appear to show coastlines not yet explored by Europeans, plant exchange and DNA of some Amerindian groups -- do not by themselves support the detailed itinerary claimed by the author for the Chinese voyages of discovery of 1421-23.  However, taken as a whole, the evidence seems to indicate that something was going on.<br />The question that occurred to me when reading the criticism was this.  It is my understanding that historians agree that these voyages were a huge undertaking involving hundreds of ships and tens of thousands of men. The author and the few other sources  I've read agee that lands bordering the Indian Ocean and at least the east coast of Africa were visited. Does it make sense that this is all that was done during the two year voyages?  Specifically, were hundreds of ships and thousands of men necessary to visit lands that the Chinese already had some familiarity with?  And if the whole fleet was not occupied in this region, where were they and what were they doing?
B00006G8K0|5.0|The late 1950s were a historical significance to the Horror Genre, being the first to introduce Gothic Horror in splendid technicolor. With the release of THE CURSE OF FRANKENSTEIN in 1957, it seemed only logical to follow with an adaptation of the DRACULA legend - and this, the first of many feature films, passes in flying colors.<br />From the opening credits to the ending, James Bernard's haunting music score sends a chilling fear to the audience symbolizing a sense of cruelty and authority from Count Dracula, juxtaposing Christopher Lee's tigerish sensual interpretation. In a clever first opening before the first fade in, a close-up of Dracula's coffin is visible and smear of blood forms a crucifix.<br />WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD!!!<br />Unlike Bela Lugosi's 1931 film, it follows Bram Stoker's novel more closely. Jonathan Harker adjourns to Castle Dracula, posing as a librarian, to destroy the Count. He is warned off by superstitious peasants and secretly keeps a diary of everything that he encounters. He soon gets more than he bargained for when Dracula and his Vampiress trap him, and lure him to be one of them. His attempts to destroy the Count are in vain. Enter Peter Cushing (after a thoroughly evil performance as Baron Frankenstein) as the brave and heroic Professor Van Helsing, who releases Jonathan from his spell too late. When he passes the news to Arthur Holmwood (a young Michael Gough), and his wife Mina (Melissa Stribling), and an ailing Lucy (Carol Marsh) matters become more complicated. Another deviation in the novel Lucy is Arthur's ailing wife, and Mina is Jonathan's fiancee. When Lucy perishes, Arthur is convinced to aid Van Helsing in his quest.<br />Like THE CURSE OF FRANKENSTEIN before it the film is rich in technicolor and graphic with violent close-ups of vampires being staked to death, or victims being bitten in the jugular. Likewise, the performances are splendid, and the action is fast-paced and unrelenting. You are guaranteed to be kept at the edge of your seat!<br />There are chilling moments a plenty, consisting of Dracula's rising from his coffin echoing Max Schreck's infamous scenes in NOSFERATU. Even more convincing is Christopher Lee having precisely the right look and physique for the role. Tall, suave, handsome, and athletic. Unlike Max Schreck's ratlike figure or Bela Lugosi's aristocratic charmer, or John Carradine's Shakespearen flair, - Christopher Lee provides the perfect characterization and would return in 1966's DRACULA, PRINCE OF DARKNESS and several later films to follow. Now in his 80s, he is still a rising star off the recent success of STAR WARS EPISODE 2 and the LORD OF THE RINGS films. He was memorable as the villain in the 1974 James Bond classic THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN. He also provides a definite precursor to come when Dracula would be portrayed later by such actors as Louis Jourdan, Jack Palance, Frank Langella, and Gary Oldman. Let's not forget Udo Kier in BLOOD FOR DRACULA.<br />I can't say enough without spoiling - any true-blooded Horror Fan MUST buy this - YOU ARE GUARANTEED TO LOVE IT! Terence Fisher's very best film to date!
B0000BYM3K|5.0|At first I thought I made a great mistake in buying this album for some personal reasons. I was definetely wrong... Every song in this album packs a punch lyrically and musically! The album begins dancing its way to the opening rhythm of Wildest Dreams which is the band's first single. It is then followed by uplifting tunes of the remarkable Maiden masterpiece Rainmaker. The tempo continues to another classic Maiden epic entitled No More Lies. The title track is an 8 minute masterpiece characterized by orchestral sound blended with great heavy metal.<BR>Paschendale is another masterpiece talking about a war. Although not as energized as Aces High, the song boasts of a great melody and history which in turn becomes a true Maiden classic. New Frontier is also a great song coupled with the might of Age of Innocence. Gates of Tomorrow is a heavy yet melodic piece Maiden has composed(check out that chorus!). Montsegur is practically the heaviest song Maiden has written since Sea of Madness. The drumming has never sounded this loud and Bruce is still the vocal god! The album closer, Journeyman, is a slow moving track using only acoustic guitars to set the mood.<br />In short, this is one promising Maiden album! Dance of Death is definetly a Must-Buy! UP THE IRONS!
B00009TB5G|5.0|Rarely do you run into a DVD version of a movie of this level. Peter Jackson set out to provide fans of LOTR with a treasure to keep for life, with an extended version of the movies (provided in two of the four discs, just like he did with the &quot;Fellowship...&quot;) that thoroughly complements the story we saw in the theaters, along with an extra couple of discs devoted to telling the story behind the storytelling.<br />The added material was the result of uncovering a whole additional layer of footage that was left out for time reasons, but with the same quality of the rest of the movie, just having been edited out because it was not critical for the purposes of telling the story, yet I'd argue that it complements it in such a way that I can't conceive the movie without these moments now, such as the case of showing a prologue-like scene with Boromir, Faramir and their father, before Boromir set foot to Rivendell for the Council of Elrond.<br />As for the features, once again, the movie lent itself to a very broad array of things to share. I thought it would be impossible to top the features offered on the first Extended version, but Peter Jackson once more shut me up! The two extra DVDs of features from &quot;The Lord of the Rings - The Two Towers&quot; had a wealth of information for the real LOTR fan. For example, I was blown away by the details behind the design and evolution of the look and performance of Gollum, from the initial sketches, all the way to accomplishing a sense of realism with translucent skin details. Also incredible was to see the level of detail behind putting together footage with its live sound with sound effects and score... If you take the time to watch all the features, you gain a new level of respect for the work Peter Jackson and his team did, and for moviemaking at large: it certainly involves so much work, that we normally take for granted as sheer moviegoers.<br />Needless to say I am anxious to see what the Extended Version of the third and last movie will have to offer. In the meantime, I will probably give myself a fix of LOTR 1 and 2 now and then to keep the memories fresh! :)the third and last movie will have to offer. In the meantime, I will probably give myself a fix of LOTR 1 and 2 now and then to keep the memories fresh! :)
B00007LTIB|5.0|I've been a fan of Yes for about 30 of my 39 years, and Relayer (along with Tales, CTTE, Yessongs, and GFTO) has always been my favorite.  Especially the &quot;shorter&quot; cuts (!) &quot;Sound Chaser&quot; and &quot;To Be Over&quot;.  There's not much I could say to add to what's below, except that these new remastered Rhino releases are first rate in every way (brilliant sound, cool packaging, interesting bonus tracks, and very affordable price).  If you're a big Yesfan, and can't quite decide, then &quot;don't delay, buy today!&quot;  If you're a tentative Yesfan who hasn't quite worked up the courage to build a collection, then you now simply have no excuse, and there's never been a better time!<br />The studio run-through tracks are very interesting.  Most of them don't really stand on their own as listening experiences, but they give a very enlightening picture of how this incredible music evolved, and the high degree of refinement employed prior to final release.<br />The fun I've had with these new releases is well worth the money.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly was an intriging ingenious concept.  Well executed. The episodes in the DVD show so much potential for where the show could have gone in the future. It was a great loss when Fox cancelled it -- like they replaced it with anything of value at all. Also difficult to understand is why the show was not picked up by WB, UPN, or SciFi Channel. At least thank goodness for preserving the episodes that were created in the DVD.
B000002B7Y|5.0|OK I was THE &quot;Guitar Nerd&quot; in High School and No Rest for the Wicked was my first Ozzy CD (well, cassette tape back then) Zakks guitar work with that insane vibrato led me to play this tape over and over again till it eventually gave in and ended up buying the CD. As for the songs, sure they're a bit corney now when you listen to them but hey, that was the 80's! Keeping that in mind, I can now sit down and listen to this CD and just smile with &quot;The Ultimate Sin&quot; cued up right behind!
0553274503|5.0|This book is one of the best book I ever read in my life. It took me a while to grasp the concept of it but after a few attempts of reading it, I just couldn't take my eyes off it. It shows you how a mentally retarded adult who has an IQ of a kindergardener endures phisical and emotional obstacles of life. After his operation that makes you smarter, he understands what he went through and finds faults in many famous scientist's theories and philosophies. He also began to understand how stupid human nature can be. While on this rugged path of knowledge, he also began to understand love. This book is great for people who think humans are stupid as well as people who just want a great laugh and cry. It is also a great romantic book also. I promise you that this will be a 5 star book for you!
B0000C7GG2|5.0|It's difficult to obtain in the US, but if you can get your hands on it (be sure to listen to a few tracks first), pick it up. I haven't stopped listening to it. I'm also a fan of Radiohead, and it appears that many Radiohead fans tend to like the band. Highlights are Stockholm Syndrome, Thoughts of a Dying Atheist, Tsp, and Time is Running Out
B00004Z400|5.0|after watching 'the queen of the damned' movie i had to track down this song(change) a wonderfully composed peice of work, the entire album is. just awesome love it. live it. this is my kind of music. perfect. buy it!
B00005JME0|5.0|This movie was great. Great acting and especially great story.  This is the kind of movie that makes you re-think your life. I cannot understand at all why this would get bad reviews. It has a very strong plot that makes you care about the characters as if you were them. Although you cant directly apply this movie to your life, you can, after watching it, take a second to stop and thihnk about the descisons you make. It is a powerful movie that is worth as much as the theater is charging. I can't wait to go again.
B00005JME0|5.0|First of all, this movie is nothing like the trailer portrays it to be. In the trailer, it appears as if they had always been together and she dies in an accident and he goes back to try and save her. Well, it's not really anything like that.<br />I really liked this movie. I thought Ashton Kutcher did a fine job acting. I have heard so many people ragging on him and saying he cant act, but I think this should prove them all wrong. The other actors is a virtual cast of unknowns (except Amy Smart), but they do an awesome job.<br />It is a very intense movie with several pretty disturbing scenes and a lot of surprising moments, but that just adds to the power of the movie. Overall, an enjoyable film that I had no problem paying $8 for.
B000002E5J|5.0|To be an ultimate Shakira fan you need this album. There are some mellow tracks like Estoy Aqui, Quiero, and Te Necesito that you can listen to while you chill or you can dance to Pies Descalzos, Suenos Blancos, Se Quiere Se Mata, and Vuelve. Overall all of the songs are really good! You should really buy this album.
6304913176|2.0|Many have noted that this movie does not follow the book very well.  Im not a purist and can understand most of the changes.  But some are just unforgivable.<br />The two things Verhoeven does well is modifying technology and the pace of the story.  Yeah, I would like to see the Mobile Infantry (MI)drop in their individual egg shaped containers like paratroopers in power suits armed to the hilt and spaced miles apart from each other because each trooper can call forth the power of a modern day armored brigade.  But that just doesnt translate well into film.  Imagine how boring it would be to see Johny Rico all alone in his power suit lobbing nuke grenades at everything.  And the cadence of the book would put everyone to sleep.  At least half of Heinlein's novel is spent in class rooms or inside the inner thoughts of Rico.  Again, snooze city!  That said, I wish the basic training segments were expanded and Rico's Officer Candidate phase was not omitted.<br />Now to the bad stuff.  Verhoeven completely rapes the philosophical underpinnings of the novel.  Heinlein wanted to praise the civic virtue of military service.  Verhoeven mocks this with the Nazification of the humans.  Ive heard him defend this by stating Heinlein in his later years essentially &quot;mellowed out&quot;.  While his late 60s and 70s novels were hippified, he still praised military service/defense of the homeland.  And his final novels lost much of this liberalization.<br />A fairly good movie....if you havent read the book!
B0001CCXZW|5.0|Welcome to Stars Hollow.  A small, quaint town in New England.  A town where everybody knows each other, and with people slightly eccentric living there, the place never gets boring.<br />Lorelai Gilmore moved to Stars Hollow one year after giving birth to her daughter Lorelai Leigh (Rory for short) at the sweet and very young age of sixteen.  Being the strong, independent woman that she is, she refuses any help from her parents on raising Rory.  Oh, did I mention that Lorelai and her mother do not get along at all?  That is sort of the reason why she moved out.<br />The 21 great episodes are:<BR>01 Pilot : Rory (now 15) gets accepted to Chilton, and Lorelai asks her parents to help her out with Rory's tuition.  Rory meets a boy named Dean and changes her mind about Chilton.<BR>02 The Lorelai's First Day At Chilton : Lorelai oversleeps on Rory's first day and to her dismay, all her good clothes are at the cleaners.  Students at Chilton determine to make Rory's life miserable.<BR>03 Kill Me Now : Rory is required to take up a sport.  Emily suggests Richard takes Rory golfing.  Rory has a great time with her grandfather, and Lorelai gets upset.<BR>04 The Deer Hunters : Rory gets her first \\"D\\" in her life.  Lorelai helps Rory study for her English test that is 20% of her grade.  They oversleep and Rory gets into a car accident.<BR>05 Cinnamon's Wake : Rory's English teacher, Max Medina, asks Lorelai out.  The town mourns Babbette and Mory's cat, Cinnamon.<BR>06 Rory's Birthday Parties : It's Rory's birthday and Emily and Lorelai both want to throw the teenager a birthday party.<BR>07 Kiss and Tell : Dean gives Rory her first kiss.  Rory is afraid to tell her mom about it, and Lorelai ends up hearing about the kiss from Mrs. Kim, Lane's, Rory's bestfriend, mom.<BR>08 Love and War and Snow : A huge storm falls, Rory gets stuck at her grandparents, Lorelai runs into Max, who's car breaks down and he ends up staying at Lorelai's for the night.<BR>09 Rory's Dance : This iswhere Dean and Rory decide tha they are now a couple.  They fall asleep reading poetry after the Chilton dance, and then chaos erupts.<BR>10 Forgiveness and Stuff : All fights are resloved when Richard is rushed to the hospital.<BR>11 Paris is Burning : Paris catches Max and Lorelai kissing in a Chilton classroom and starts gossiping about them to to deflect talk about her own parents' messy divorce.<BR>12 Double Date : Luke asks Lorelai out, Rory & Lane get into trouble when they go on a double date w/o telling their moms.<BR>13 Concert Interruptions : Trouble brews at a Bangles concert when Rory invites some of her classmates to go with her, Lorelai and Sookie when Lane wasn't allowed to go.<BR>14 That Damn Donna Reed : Rory dresses up like Donna to make Dean happy, since he long for the type of family the show represents.  Christopher, Rory's dad makes a surprise visit.<BR>15 Christopher Returns : Christopher comes back, wanting to be a part of Rory's life.  Christopher wants to marry Lorelai, she declines knowing that he isn't ready and he leaves to find a stable life.<BR>16 Star-Crossed Lovers and Other Strangers : Rachel, Luke's ex-girlfriend comes to town.  Things spark up between Lorelai, Luke and Rachel.  Dean tells Rory that he loves her.  Confused, Rory doesn't answer, then the upset Dean breaks up with her.<BR>17 The Break-Up Pt. 2 : Deciding not to wallow, against Lorelai's advice, Rory goes to a Chilton party and ends up kissing Tristen.<BR>18 The Third Lorelai : Emily's mother-in-law comes to town.  Paris gets upset when she finds out Rory convinced Tristen to ask Paris out.<BR>19 Emily In Wonderland : Rory takes Emily on a tour of Stars Hollow, horrified when she sees the Lorelais' first home.<BR>20 P.S. I Lo... : Lorelai thinks she didn't teach Lorelai to commit to  a relationship.<BR>21 Love, Daisies and Troubadours : Rory FINALLY tells Dean that she loves him.  Max proposes to Lorelai with a thousand daisies.<br />Watch the show.  Really.  You'llhave a good time.=)
B000002URV|5.0|I have to say this is probably one of the most sacred cd's I own. Many of the songs have great meaning to me. Some of my most romantic memories were created just by listening to this cd. I still can't listen to track 3 &quot;Calls Went Away&quot; without shedding a tear. Pure beauty, that's all I can say about that track. I truly appreciate and thank Enigma for his musical talent and wisdom. I just hope one day he can surpass his most greatest and loved cd, MCMXC A.D. That's a day I'm willing to wait forever for. This is a must have whether or not you are into new age/electronica.
B0000C9V3T|5.0|How can you not love Nancy Sinatra cooing (Sony Bono's) Bang, Bang (My baby shot me down); Al Hirt's impossible trumpeting of the Theme from the Green Hornet or the amazingly accessible 10 minute long version of Santa Esmerelda's Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood?  I was also pleased to be introduced to the retro styling of The 5,6,7,8's and Tomoyasu Hotei's modern big band sounds.  The rest of the soundtrack is a cool reminder of this masterful flick but the 5 songs I mention are worth the price of this CD.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica. The name itself says most of what they are all about. Metal. Pure, adrenalin-filled, electrifying heavy metal. This album sums up for me what Metallica are - heavy metal full of energy, speed, talent and desire to succeed. The albums starts off with the unbeatable 'Enter Sandman', undoubtedly the best heavy metal song of all time and contains some of the best pieces of metal ever written, like the classic 'Nothing Else Matters' which still sends shivers down my spine after all those years. The main thing about all these songs is they all compliment each other so well. I don't know how and why this is so but they just seem to glide from track to track. All the songs on this album make you want you to just pick up your guitar and jam the sh*t out of the thing! Please note: do not steal other people's guitars and end up getting fined, its not that good. Songs like 'Enter Sandman', 'Holier Than Thou' and 'Wherever I May Roam' are certainly the best songs to bang your head to, but it's the last four songs on the album that make this album what it is. They aren't as upbeat as the first few but sure as hell worth listening for especially 'Struggle Within', which sounds more like a four minute jamming session than a song , is played at light-speed and with perfect quality and fails to drop below 100%. Only let down on this album is 'Sad But True' which I feel with Metallica's skills could be improved quite a bit.<BR>Here's a quick review of each of the songs:<br />1. Enter Sandman - Great tune, great beat, great solo, a classic. 10/10<br />2. Sad But True - Good song with a great tune that kid rock stole which seems to make sense to say that this is a bit too simple for Metallica. Repeated lyrics aswell. 8/10<br />3. Holier Than Thou - Very heavy and brilliant lyrics. Love this solo. Nice bass breakdown too. 10/10<br />4. The Unforgiven - I can't work out what the songs about exactly but it's something like a boy who's life has been restricted by those who have brought him up and they've ruled his life for him ??? It's just the best song on the album with great lyrics, many great tunes, superb solo and Hetfield sings it with so much feeling it's unreal. 10/10<br />5. Wherever I May Roam - I have always classed Metallica as the best one-tune-per-song band. This song song has basically one big tune that is pure heavy metal. Great guitar work, excellent lyrics, one of the catchy-est Metallica songs. 10/10<br />6. Don't Tread On Me - Good song with great tune. Slightly wierd lyrics and never really hits me as hard as some of the others although still worthy of its place on the album. 9/10<br />7. Through The Never -
B0000AK7AB|1.0|Babe, a 5 star delight of a movie, is more beautiful than ever in widescreen. The single star is for the Universal DVD. I have always supported the notion that the best way to make money is to sell a quality product. Universal doesn't seem to agree. The disc starts off with 5 minutes of forced advertising (some marketing 'genius' at Universal deserves to lose a job over that idea). The special features are the poorest I have ever seen for a special edition and include a 'making of' that is a downright lie; 5 minutes of computer graphics about how they made the animals seem to speak. I prefer to buy DVDs because I want to, not because they are the only choice, but if you want to see Babe this is the only choice.
B0000DZEA1|5.0|When I'm studying or working I usually like to put some background instrumental music on.  This is not that music.  This album commands your full attention from beginning to end.  It is a story in itself- frightening, dramatic, triumphant, and above all, incredibly emotional.  <br />One of the most remarkle tracks is &quot;Shelob's Lair.&quot;  Most of the song is loud and dissonant- the kind of music that makes the hair on the back of your neck stand up, as it should.  However, at the end of the song, it breaks into this absolutely stunning and beautiful denouement that still somehow communicates all the fear and despair in the accompanying scene.  I have never heard such a successful combination of beauty and fear.  I don't know how Howard Shore did it, but it's amazing.  <br />The triumphant and heart-tugging Gondor theme prevails on many tracks while themes from &quot;Into the West&quot; become more prevalent towards the end.  The first dozen or so songs work together to drive the music into the climax where one can't help but hear Sam cry, &quot;I can carry you!&quot;  Wow.  The last songs of the album succeed in conveying the bittersweet peace that Frodo and the remaining Fellowship members feel at the end of the tale.<br />One improvement in this album over the preceding two is the inclusion of the singing that is in the film.  When Billy Boyd starts singing, I have to stop everything I'm doing and just listen.<BR>  <BR>I find that I can't listen to this album often because it makes me too emotional.  However, this is only a testament to its quality.  It is a beautiful, engaging, and moving soundtrack for what I consider to be the best movie ever made.
B000089RVX|5.0|Words cannot describe the greatness of this album and also it's band : Evanesence !! , I was not so much into this kind of genere , but after listening to &quot;Bring back to Life&quot; , I was stunned ! , then I got the Album and I heard the other songs , each one is better than the previous .. my favorites are : My immortal , Hello , Everybody's fool, imaginary and (all of them !!! :)  ) get the CD . you wont be disappointed at all.
B0000DD7LB|4.0|This is britney's best album to date. sure, she still cant sing, but britney has finally found her niche. all the songs that are on this album mesh well with her voice talents. she is not trying to be this hardcore, gospel-like vocalist. just being herself and working with what she has. they're all good songs, although they're like two songs that she could've shelved for a b-side or something. over all, compared to her other albums, this is her best work. support her new single &quot;toxic&quot; the video is sick!
B00008EY9G|4.0|What I expected in this movie was a thriller with a dash of horror to it.  John Cusack, Ray Liotta, Amanda Peet, Clea DuVall all meet at a small Motel along with a man, his kid, and his wife who had a terrible accident to her neck.  Ray Liotta was a cop transferring a prisoner to Carson City, Nevada.  While he left him tied up somewhere, he along with John Cusack's actress he was driving (Cusack plays a limo driver and use to be a cop), gets murdered and more bodies turn up one-by-one (Your average \\"who done it?\\" type of thriller).  I liked how they kept it at a Motel because it keeps the location small and you don't have to be thinking elsewhere (if you know what I mean).  When the murders started to happen, you would think that it could've been one of THEM who commited these (Ray Liotta was always one of those suspicious characters and he was a tad creepy in some of the beginning scenes with him).  What makes this movie fit the title (Identity), is that all the characters in the movie share something that they never knew about and took them by surprise.  They all have the same birth date and they were all off to the some destination when they turned in at the Motel.  Liotta and Cusack deliver top-mark performances while they try to figure out what's going on.  Amanda Peet who was in The Whole Nine Yards also impressed me when I saw her acting.  What I did not like was the ending...The kid was really the one who was killing these people (that fits well!!!).  How disturbing.  See it for yourself and post what you think.  That's my review, thankyou.
0812548094|4.0|I disagree with the previous review in respect to it not being as good as the first.  After reading the first I thought it was pretty good, but it felt to me like too much of a direct ripoff of the Wheel of Time.  I wasn't sure I wanted to go on to the next book, but did.  After the second, no doubt I'll keep reading, it was much better than the first.  Felt more original, and more of the world was explained.  In the first book new random stuff kept popping up and I just thought it was lazy writing, but in the second he's done better with the  world building and the world and the characters are more interesting.  Not to mention a more page turning story, at least for me.  I am glad the next books look to be a little shorter, these huge bricks, also known as paperbacks, hurt my hands when trying to read them.
B000089RVX|5.0|I bought this cd and the cd-single for &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; after only hearing that one song. After listening to both non-stop for the last 2 days, I have to say I'm hooked. This is a great dc all the way through. I was blown away by Amy Lee's voice. I'd have to say the stand out tracks (on an album of stand out tracks!!!) would be &quot;My Immortal&quot;, &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot;, and &quot;Everybody's Fool&quot;. This cd is well worth the money. Do yourself a major favor and buy this one. The &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; single also has a terrific non-album track called &quot;Farther Away&quot;. That song alone makes the single worth while.
B000002H33|5.0|Im gonna keep this short and to the point:  <br />IF GOD MADE A HEAVY METAL CD, IT WOULD BE 'MASTER OF PUPPETS'
0312263120|3.0|Some time in 2003, Dan Brown became about as popular as J.K. Rowlings -- The Da Vince Code was so well received that a whole bunch of people went out and bought his earlier books, and now Angels and Demons, Digital Fortress and Deception Point are all bestsellers.  Hate to admit it, but I'm one of those people who bought into the hype.  (Da Vinci Code is his best work, haven't read Deception Point yet, Angels and Demons is pretty gosh-darn good if you can get past some problems in the treatment of physics and ignore the way a simple trick that Microsoft Word Art could probably do is treated as a miracle.)<br />Having read some of Brown's other work, this one just isn't up to the same standards.  The suspense isn't as high, the characters aren't as interesting and the research isn't nearly as good.  A fact checker who knows even the barest basics of security in general and electronic security specifically could have told Brown that his version of the NSA is less secure than the average Wal-Mart, that encryption just plain doesn't work the way he thinks it does, that in the age of commercial satellite imaging the government wouldn't put its most sensitive assets under a glass dome, that such a glass dome wouldn't be atomic-bomb-proof, that changing a file on a web site doesn't help much when thousands of people have already downloaded it, etc., etc...<br />If you can suspend disbelief and get past all that, it's probably a pretty good suspense thriller, but the errors in the details distract me from enjoying the book.
B00005YUAC|5.0|If you are a fan of progressive music then you MUST get this album. Looking for &quot;new&quot; bands to enhance my understandng of the British progressive movement of the 70s, I decided to check out Camel, and bought &quot;Snow Goose&quot; which is their most acclaimed album... I liked it, so I had to see what more Camel had to offer. <br />When I bought this album I wasn't quite sure what to make of it, but after a few listens it quickly began to grow on me, and soon I found myself playing it every day! Every song has something different to offer, and although &quot;Camel&quot; might not be as focused as later efforts like &quot;Mirage&quot; or &quot;Moonmadness&quot;, I would definetly recommend this one over them. <br />I really can't understand why this album didn't get the acclaim it deserves, I find it combines elements of great prog rock bands such as King Crimson, Yes, and Pink Floyd, fusing them together into a completely new style. If you like long prog rock jams, complex arrangements and strong melodies then you can't go wrong with this one. <br />For serious listeners, I would recommend starting with this album and working your way through the Camel catalogue.
B000002HPV|5.0|wow she is like no other, bjork truly reaches within and brings out emotion that few other artist can do. Her songs are always full of emotion and vigor. her voice is one of a kind,like something soothing and different,definately an Entrancing, almost mystical  experience , at times this cd can be kind of melancholy,as she sings about love lost but it is defiantely one of bjorks best albums.
B000056NX4|5.0|Filmed at Pinewood Studios, this production has sparse sets with scaffolding that serves for nearly every scene, and has the feel of a stage performance; it has been updated to an indeterminate era, but definitely a time one wouldn't want to live in. There are Nazi-like authority figures, punky gun-toting youth, and the walls are covered in graffiti. The colors are provided by the lighting, and are usually in either a monocromatic dark blue or yellow-orange.<br />Inevitably, many people will compare this to the 1973 Norman Jewison film, which is a pity, as they are so vastly different. This is much more somber, and the final scenes are wrenching.<br />Glenn Carter is astounding as Jesus, vocally exceptional in what must be a difficult part to sing, and looking like an Albrecht Durer painting. His Gethsemane (&quot;I Only Want to Say&quot;) is superb, and worth the price of this film alone.<br />Jerome Pradon is also excellent as Judas, and Fred Johanson's Pilate is marvelous, though the entire cast is good, both as actors and singers.<br />It is interesting in this film how skillfully the evil in a character is portrayed in the song and dance numbers, by Herod (who is so well played by Rik Mayall), and Judas.<br />One feels the exhaustion and horror of Jesus' last days palpably in this film. The drama of the scourging is a magnificent piece of staging, and powerful; it is a visual punch to the gut, and the crucifixion scene is brilliantly done and moves me to tears every time I see it.<br />Not an easy film to watch, but well worth the purchase, as it gets better with each viewing.
B00005JLPK|5.0|Many hate this film in Mexico because its not in Spanish and because Hayek is considered a Malinchista (Benedict Arnold).  It also ignores Kahlo's avowed communism.  But Hayek has created a picture of beautiful scenes and imagery which to me transcends all of those supposed faults.  The girl-on-girl dancing scene was electric.  So was Frida's date with a lady at a New York City diner.  Antonio Banderas' appearance was mercifully short.  The \\"artful dream\\" sequences gave something to the Fellini crowd and the memory of Kahlo as an artist.  And the narrative may have been too conventional for some, but to me it was a welcome relief that paced the film along wonderfully (would you prefer 2 hours of dialogue on the merits of Trotskyism?).  But best of all were the beautiful little indigenous images that only someone with a real knowledge of Mexico could appreciate: the peaceful setting of her parent's home in Coyoacn, the hairless Aztec dog (ixcuintle), the food and cooking instruments, the famous Mexican actress who played her mother, the power of the taboo against women in cantinas, etc.  These are vivid symbols of Mexican culture, many of which date back thousands of years.  The Mexicans may consider her a traitor, and she may well be, but this film has some of the most authentic and endearingly patriotic Mexican symbolism ever to be caught on film.
B00005B23A|5.0|ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER ! I HAD NOT SAID WHITCH THIS MAN WAS THE BEST ACTOR ? OF COURSE YES !!! HE WAS THE BEST IN THIS MOVIE SAME AND ALSO SUPERIOR AT A AGENT OF ...ITS MAJESTY ENGLISH ... THE QUEEN ! IN DESPITE THA'S A REMAKE OF A FRENCH MOVIE WITH THIERRY LHERMITTE .... THIS NEW FILM IS VERY MUCH BETTER THANT THE FIRST ... WITH JAMIE LEE CURTIS WHO IS HIS WIFE... THERE IS UNINTERRUPTEDS ACTIONS WHITH THIS !!! HE SPEAK RUSSIAN and ARABIAN an of course GERMAN and HAS MANY TALENTS and a MAN WHO'S ABLE TO DO THAT CAN MAKE EVERY THINGS !!! THER IS ALSO HUMOUR WITTINESS FACETIOUSNESS BUT IN THE FIRST TIME SMARTNESS FOR THIS STORY DOMINATED BY THE BEST ACTOR AT MY HUMBLE BELIEF !!! NOT DEAD TIME ! STILL AGAIN ALWAYS ENTERTAINING ENTERTAINMENT ENTALL OF THE ACTORS ARE ALSO GOODS IN THIS MAGNIFICENT STORY WITH ALL INGREDIENTS OF SPYS ACTION HUMOUR ! REALY THE BEST OF THE BEST ACTOR ! 300% ADRENALIN AND CERTAINS MOMENTS FEAR AND ALSO DIZZINESSS SPLENDID ............... WHAT ! ...... --This text refers to the DVD edition
B00007L4MJ|2.0|I kept waiting for the great looking female robot (what really qualifies this as sci-fi), and she has all of a minute of screen time!  All that work to design and create her, so why not find a way to use her?  As to the poignancy of the narrative, it is basically angry communist propaganda.  Time did not prove that philosophy relevant.  There is nothing particularly groundbreaking about the story, the cinematography, nor the acting.  And the entertainment value is fairly low for a film this deep into the silent era.  I really don't think this film is at all entertaining or important.  Fire away, but I think this is probably the overrated silent film ever.
B00005ALNH|5.0|What a Great Movie! Within the first 10 minutes of this movie, I was exclaiming out loud - &quot;why haven't I heard of this film before?&quot; Talk about edge-of-your-seat ... the opening scene deserves a place in film making history as one of the all time openings. It's already been tributed - the second &quot;Pet Detective&quot; movie opening spoofs this film's opening, complete with the red helicopter and breathtakingly high altitude climbing. <br />Janine Turner is Stallone's sensible and grounded girlfriend who flies a helicopter and assists with rescue missions, but it's Stallone who gets caught up in a story of intrigue and greed against the backdrop of beautiful outdoor mountainous areas. There are subplots and chase scenes. <br />Very believable with an interesting plot and reasonably good character development, lots of excitement and very well done. Highly recommended for an evening's entertainment.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Don't be so hypocritical. You say that Radiohead will not appeal to &quot;you mainstreamers out there&quot; like you're some hardcore indie rock enthusiast. I was a bit skeptical when you mentioned this so I checked your other Amazon reviews. My god. You specify and point out &quot;mainstreamers&quot; while you give such bands like Creed, Puddle Of Mudd, and Korn majorly positive reviews. I bet you're saying to yourself &quot;But my music taste has changed.&quot; All those reviews were written on the same day, buddy. You lose.
6303012140|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS GREAT! IT'S FUNNY ROMANTIC, ACTION PACKED!! I HAVE WATCHED IT OVER AND OVER AND I LOVE IT JUST AS MUCH AS I DID THE FIRST TIME! FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVEN'T SEEN IT~ PAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO THE OLD NEWS CLIPS OF JOHN SPARTAN (SYLVESTER STALLONE). THAT IS THE BEST PART!!! AND FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVE SEEN IT, IS THE PART NOT THE GREATEST OR WHAT? (HERE IS A CLUE TO LET YOU KNOW WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT ~ HOW CAN YOU EXPLAIN THE DESTRUCTION OF A 3 MILLION DOLLAR MINI MALL FOR A GIRL WHOSE RANSOM IS ONLY $25,OOO?) AND IT IS COOL TO HEAR THEM REFER TO LASER DISKS AND SUCH WHEN THOSE ARE PRACTICALLY OBSOLETE!! ENJOY!!!
B00000ILGX|2.0|How can a group that only had three albums and not even a dozen hits leave Careless Whisper and A Different Corner off any compilation.  I understand that they were released as George Michael singles in their original form but isn't Wham! basically a George Michael showcase anyway.  Has anyone purchased any Andrew Ridgely records lately.  He was a nice harmony singer &amp; collaborator on a few credits. (including oddly enough &quot;Careless Whisper.&quot;)  The other best of, &quot;Final&quot; doesn't provide anything that you can't get on Wham! studio albums, but at least it has Wham's best.  This one gives you two useless remixes to entice completests, but it's really just a waste of time &amp; money.
B00012FXAE|5.0|I reviewed an older version of Aliens on DVD, but wanted to comment on all the additional features of the new version of Aliens on DVD.  This DVD has EVERYTHING that the last DVD release of this film did not have.  There is feature length commentary with the director, the producer, and many of the stars of this movie.  The movie also has the original theatrical release of this film, as well as the director's cut with 17 additional minutes.<br />Like the first Alien movie, I liked the original theatrical release better because it seems a lot tighter, and the extra scenes with the colonists before the Alien attacked and Newt and her family take away a lot of the suspense of the original film.  Of course we all know when Burke and Gorman arrive at Ripley's apartment to talk to her about going on a mission to the colony where they have lost contact that the aliens must have taken over, but not knowing exactly what happened makes it a much scarier movie.<br />The second disc has the making of Aliens, and reveals a lot of secrets like how the loader that Ripley uses at the end of the film to get rid of the alien works.  Considering that there was no CGI in 1986, I have no idea how they were able to get the loader and the queen alien to look so realistic, with out any wires showing or any people operating these giant objects looking like amateur puppeteers.  Also the second disc has the complete first draft of the Aliens script written by James Cameron.  This was on the Laserdisc of Aliens years ago, but was not on the first DVD release of this movie.
0060926317|3.0|I learned alot from this book,  I don't think it exploited the natives at all, in fact I developed an awareness for thier culture.   I find it interesting that the natives in every society are pushed out and regarded as uncivilized.  I really think its this excessive consumerism that plagues all these fat americans and beyond as uncivilized.   I was completely surprised at the angry reviews this book has received on this board, as I was led to this book by an instructor.  I really enjoyed it.  I've shared it with friends.  Pooey on you meanies!
B000068PQ0|4.0|I got this CD hearing the amazing praise this band was recieving.  I figured it would have to be a pop gem to keep up with everything thats said about it.  Its not.  Its a good Cd, don't get me wrong, but it isn't as incredible as some seem to think.  There are some amazing tracks on this Cd (&quot;do you realize&quot;, for example) but others, like &quot;yoshimi battles the pink robots part 2&quot; are definately not(the afformentioned song was just the sound of a crowd moaning and grunting to guitar riffs).  This CD remains good, just not as good as everyone would have you believe.
B00005NTN5|3.0|I thought this movie was visually very interesting.  There are unusual camera angles (underneath a sink, under the dashboard of a car, through the walls between apartments) and the lighting is an actor in its own right.  <BR>But please don't tell me that this is a good plot.  The only thing that makes it unique is that the lovers are both female.  If Gina Gershon's character were a guy, the story would be hackneyed and moldy.  I'm all in favor of strong female leading characters and positive, assertive lesbian characters, but these two don't enhance an otherwise tired story in a unique way.  <BR>SPOILER ALERT: The scene with Johnnie and Shelley in the bathroom with the pruning shears goes too far.  You could stop that scene when he produces the shears and says &quot;I'm gonna ask you ten times&quot; and it would have been suspenseful and horrifying enough.  They didn't have to show blood spurts and dropped digits.  Jennifer Tilly's reactions to the sound effects are far more effective than anything they could show. Like the girls' second intimate scene (the seduction fulfilled), the directors just went gratuitously over the top.  A hint is enough.  Cheap titillation like that drags down an otherwise very good film.  <br />SPOILER ALERT TWO: I'm still not sure how I feel about the ending of this film.  It's nice that they had a semi-happy ending, but there are times when you think that they couldn't possibly get away with it.  <br />And I agree with some of my fellow reviewers: if you can stand the sound of Jennifer Tilly's voice, you'll be fine.
B000060MMI|5.0|This CD is great.  It catches you with its catch opening(title track) and goes on into the best song of the CD, &quot;whats left of the flag&quot; which illustrates the bands strong point on this CD- the ability to pick up a song.  The nice, slow opening is perfectly melded into the more frantic, but just as good, pace that the song finishes on.  This CD is full of that.  Though the band has a similar concept with the punk group &quot;dropkick murpheys&quot;- that of a punk group with irish instruments, these guys have the benifit of <br />A- Being from Ireland <BR> <BR>and B- Being able to sing.  <br />You gotta buy this CD!
B00005JMGL|5.0|This movie was soooooooooooooooo incredible. The special effects were amazing. And Peter/Jeremy is soooooooooooo cute. And here's where u guys will think I'm crazy (which I am) but I think Hook is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo HOT!!!!! Yep, I'm crazy. But anyway, u have got 2 see this movie. Besides POTC, this is the best movie of all time, seriously. Oh, and by the way, I DO, I DO, I DO BELIEVE IN FAIRIES!!!! AND I BELIEVE IN U PETER PAN!!!! MY WINDOW WILL ALWAYS BE OPEN 4 U!!!!!
B0000VAFO0|1.0|This movie blows big bloody chunks.  Don't believe what the trailers say about this movie.  They make you believe that this film is about a on going war between Vampires and Werewolves...Lycans, with a Romeo and Juilet twist.  All lies.  The so called Vampires are just people with pointy teeth and the Werewolves...oops I mean Lycans are just weird mutants.  The so called Romeo and Juilet love story is nothing of the sort, you get the idea that they kinda MAYBE *like* each other but nothing worth sticking your neck out over.  They have zero chemistry, zero attaction and ZERO love.  The plot is as thin as a greasy piece of paper, there's no real character development and you can hardly understand what the heck is going on cause all they do is show flashy images and people...oops I mean &quot;vampires&quot; and were-- &quot;Lycans&quot; SHOOTING each other up.  The movie tries to be as action packed as the Matrix and fails and as cool as Blade and fails even worse.  It barely even held my attention.  I was going to give the movie two stars for the set and costume designs et al, but that's what's wrong with this movie and every other movie like it.  Films that rely on cool backgrounds, camera tricks and costumes instead of great writing and acting.  I will no longer give extra points just because some art director managed to put together a great color scheme for a big room where a bunch of boring events take place.  I don't watch films for decorating tips I watch to be entertained and to lose myself in a great story, this movie provided none of that and therefore I took away my star, I only wish I could take the other one away too.
B00005JME0|5.0|\\"The Butterfly Effect\\" is one of the best well made movies in recent history. Ashton Kutcher's performance as Evan Treborn, is emotionally convincing and powerfully strong. The rest of the cast are excellent. The directing by J. Mackye Gruber and Eric Bress is brilliant without compromise. The music by Michael Suby is brilliantly powerful without compromise. The cinematography by Matthew F. Leonetti is brilliant. The film editing by Peter Amundson is brilliant. The casting by Carmen Cuba is great. The production design by Douglas Higgins and the costume design by Carla Hetland is brilliant. The visual effects by Efilm is brilliant without compromise. This movie is well made down to its brilliant well made ending. Go see this movie right now, if you can.
0312305060|5.0|This is the first novel in many years that I was motivated to read after viewing its film adaptation. The film of the same name is a work of art, though the novel surpasses the picture in terms of its depth, subtlety and intelligent imitation and homage to Virginia Woolf's novel, Mrs. Dalloway. As this was the author's stated intent, to my mind, he was wholly successful. Particularly the Dalloway chapters, it was if I was reading a 21st century version of Virginia Woolf's masterpiece. This novel is a superb piece of writing. Cunningham evokes the thoughts, impressions and inner feelings of his three main characters and their unique associations, and cleverly connects them by way of prosaic nuance and understated references to Woolf's novel. In fact, there are so many connections between the two novels, it would require several readings to find them all. This is a true literary achievement because Cunningham's execution, on the surface, seems effortless. His prose is liquid, flowing in and out of the minds and circumstances of each character with empathy, intense sensitivity and realism.  However, the book's real achievement is the reader does not necessarily need to have an acquaintance with Mrs. Dalloway in order to appreciate Cunningham's incredible novel.<br />That said, having read Woolf's Mrs Dalloway, viewing the film more than once, and now having read Cunningham's novel, my appreciation and understanding of all three has become much richer as a result. Woolf's battle with mental illness and her exploration on the boundaries between 'insanity'and what we've come to believe as 'sanity', and her views on suicide, for example, have become a lot clearer to me after reading The Hours. All three works are major triumphs in themselves, but have managed to end up complimenting each other in insightful ways.<br />My suggestion would be to read this elegant novel, read Woolf's masterpiece, and see the film again. If time doesn't permit or you're not inclined to do so, at least read this novel, it will be well worth your time.at least read this novel, it will be well worth your time.
0142004235|1.0|whats all the hype about this voluminous novel that says absolutely nothing.  It was hard reading--too many characters--two many families-and -insignificant families  ,as well ,  to the plot.  It was a waste of my precious time. <BR> Is it because it is Steinback's work that this material got praised. No fair-the book was not worthy. The message was scanty if their even was a  message or plot.  The writing itself was not worth mentioning . An outstanding author he is not (in my opinion). No more Steinback for me.
0345457684|4.0|(Really four and a half stars)<br />I read Altered Carbon about a month ago and I keep fondly thinking back to it.  For SF not to disappear after initial digestion is a very good sign for me and sadly is increasingly rare.  Altered Carbon has the little \\"throw away\\" details that I love in my SF, great action sequences and a moral ambivalence that keeps you guessing at what the characters are going to do next.  I hate spoilers, so if you want a plot synopsis or a rough idea of Morgan's imaginary future, please supplement your research with other reviews.  Suffice to say it is a hard boiled cyberpunkish mystery.<br />The title of this review comes from the lack of \\"info dumping\\" in the text.  You know - when the ideas and technology of the SF world are just dropped into the text by the author like a lead sinker.  Morgan has some great ideas, but he doesn't leave first person, so you have to slowly discover \\"sleeves\\" from the protagonist's view.  Little details are doled out to the reader and come naturally from the plot.  The argot of his world will be second nature by the end and I was sad to put down the book.  It has great technological imagination, high action, torture and plenty of sex.  The book oozes through some sleezy ranks of humanity, both rich and poor, which no hard boiled mystery can do without.  His look at human amorality from top to bottom reminded me of Raymond Chandler at times.  Like Philip Marlow, Takeshi Kovacs gets wrapped tighter and tighter by circumstance and has to make some ugly choices to get out.  <br />So if it's so great, why not five stars?  Well, this is a tremendous book, but I think Morgan will do better.  I reserve five stars for something that utterly blows me away, and this one just didn't quite get there.  Still a great page turner with equal parts steak and sizzle.
6301763041|4.0|This was and still is one of my favorite movies of all times. It is thought of as a stupid B movie but that is what makes it so great. It is a combination of the 50's rebal movies along with a musical. Plus it has Johnny Depp as the star of the movie need I say more. This is a movie that every one can enjoy. So buy it and sit back and laugh your way through the movie.
B000056H7W|5.0|So much has been said of Opeth. The metal band w/o subgenre, for it created its own niche in metal, and in music. Well-documented is Opeth's penchant for fusing bludgeoning riffs and beautiful melodies. This album lives up to that penchant, and more.<br />Blackwater Park is a stunning release. As mentioned, there are plenty of crushing riffs and ferocious growls to satiate the most seasoned of metalheads. And also as mentioned, there is an abundance of stunning melody and harmony, majestic vocals, and ambient acoustic guitar. But Blackwater Park also features creative guitar solos, and most of all: mood. Haunting, echoing guitars fly above the metal majesty going on in the rest of the song.  Its there on &quot;The Leper Affinity&quot; and &quot;Bleak&quot; and others. You wanna talk more mood? Check out &quot;Patterns in the Ivy&quot;, the stunning interlude before the huge, epic, ending title track.<br />Blackwater Park might feature the finest fusion of heavy and acoustic Opeth has achieved yet.  It sounds to me the most seamless, compositionally.  They meander in and out of the acoustic and electric worlds as though two adjacent rooms in the musical spectrum.  But when you consider what electric means to Opeth, it really is a contrast.  Blackwater Park might also feature the finest song writing seen from Opeth.  All the albums prior feature stunning pieces of music (as well as brilliant combinations of heavy and acoustic) but straight through, 100%, Blackwater Park is compositionally amazing.  Not one weak track. Not a wasted second.  Finally, Blackwater Park is probably the best jumping off point for someone new to this band.  Earlier albums are heavier and harsher and less refined.  Blackwater Park sees a band that has honed its sound to near perfection, a band that may have achieved their magnum opus.  Everything the band puts its name on is genius.  But Blackwater Park is accessible, complex, heavy, light, moody, melodic, dark.<br />Has anybody noticed the adjectives I've used so far? Hyperbole it is not.  Opeth truly does defy description, and to attempt to really explain their sound on a particular album is folly.  You just have to listen to it.  In a class of their own stands the mighty Opeth, dubbed &quot;Metal's Most Brilliant Band&quot;.  And go ahead, argue that.  I dare you. I challenge you.  Show me another metal band doing what Opeth is, or something better.  I personally would love to hear such a band.  Opeth stands atop the world, and this album stands arguably atop their discography.  Opeth is amazing.  Do not miss out on their music. Their music is among the finest being written today, and will stand as some of the finest ever written.  Believe you me.adjectives I've used so far? Hyperbole it is not.  Opeth truly does defy description, and to attempt to really explain their sound on a particular album is folly.  You just have to listen to it.  In a class of their own stands the mighty Opeth, dubbed &quot;Metal's Most Brilliant Band&quot;.  And go ahead, argue that.  I dare you. I challenge you.  Show me another metal band doing what Opeth is, or something better.  I personally would love to hear such a band.  Opeth stands atop the world, and this album stands arguably atop their discography.  Opeth is amazing.  Do not miss out on their music. Their music is among the finest being written today, and will stand as some of the finest ever written.  Believe you me.
B00008EY9G|5.0|This is one of the most weirdest movies I have seen.. in a good way. It's not so original with the big shock factor.. but it is original in its plot. I think this film was very intersting and the acting was good. I don't really have anything negative to say about this film.. but I must say a lot of people I have talked to about the film &quot;didn't get it&quot; because it does deal with some unfamiliar territory, but I say check it out for yourself.. and I must add that I think most people should understand it.. but there are those few. I don't think you will be dissapointed! Also, it's one of those that you should really watch beginning to end.. don't walk in at the end and expect to &quot;get it&quot;
B00008H2LB|1.0|I'm in my twenties. So obviously i wouldn't listen to nu-metal. But i'll just say that nu-metal is dead and in 4 years time nobody would know who the heck linkin park were. All you teenagers who enjoy this wreck will grow up someday and laugh at your music taste. This isn't metal. Metal is iron maiden, slayer and other 80's metal bands.
B000092ZYX|4.0|HTTF grows on you like ivy.  I first listened to it and thought it was an ok CD.  2+2=5 was pretty good at the time, but I was turned off by songs like Sit Down, Stand Up and The Gloaming.  I stuck with it, and I am very glad I did.  I would now call it album of the year by a long shot.  I had a new understanding of Sit Down, Stand Up and songs such as Myxamatosis and I Will are some of my favorites.  Listen to this CD until you love it, because I guarantee you will love it at some point.  When this happens, you will realize Radiohead's true potential.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is a terrific start of a series by Josh Whedon (of Buffy and Angel). Somehow the network didn't get the episodes in order and it never found the audience it deserved. <br />Yes, it's a Space-Western, whatever that means, but the characters and dialogue make the show and they are top-notch here. All the actors are terrific and fill their characters with personality and humanity. It's a shame there isn't another 86 episodes or so out there because I would love to watch this over everything that passes for a science fiction show or sit-com on television today. <br />Buy, beg, borrow but don't steal these dvds. But do watch them. Lots of fun. Now if we can get Bristol County Jr. back, I'd be happy.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I didn't rate Hail to the Thief a five because it is the best they can do- it is up there, but not quite. I rated it a five because compared to the stuff people listen to today, this album is fantastic. <BR>Strangely it was the first album I got by them. I now own them all, but at first I was scared to go past hail. I said to myself \\"What if they aren't as good as this?\\" Some were; some weren't. Right now I think Hail to the Thief is the most brilliant thing they have ever done. When I first bought it I only listened to a few songs on the record: not even There There. I didn't understand why There There was the first single released off the album, until I gave the album maybe then full listens in all, and now I realize the pure beauty of every single track on that album. This album cannot be appreciated with one listen, because it's the kind of album with lots of songs that are slow at first, and then rock out, but you don't realize the rocking out part if you are not so familiar with the song. For example, Go to Sleep seems like a perfectly plain song, until you find yourself listening to the beginning of the song, anticipating the part which doesn't go crazy but just sounds different. 2 + 2 = 5 is insane with wonderful lyrics. Sit Down Stand Up may give a person a headache at first, but then you will find yourself screaming \\"the rain drops\\" you know you won't be able to ever skip the song again. Sail to the Moon and Wolf at the Door are heart breaking, but much worth the tears. Backdrifting and The Gloaming make your head feel like there is a drum pounding inside it, but not in an annoying way at all. We Suck Young Blood is a chilling song, which you find yourself, well, clapping along to. There are no words to describe There There, and I cannot go a day without hearing it. A Punch up at a Wedding gets more brilliant with each listen, and so does scatterbrain. And Myxamytosis has left me tongue tied.<BR>You will thoroughly love this album by the 5th listen, so doyourself a favor and buy it.
B000002OX7|5.0|I don't anymore. I heard Baba o'Riley(Teenage Wasteland) and it changed my mind. I then took my father's copy of &quot;Who's Next&quot; and I was amazed!!! The whole cd is magnificent. This whole cd could easily be a best of cd, it is so good. This whole cd is great and you should buy it or take your parent's copy of it!
B000089RVX|5.0|6 months ago I did not know they existed; was introduced by a friend to the group-downloaded a couple fo songs and they stuck with me and went out and brought the CD and it is awesome. There music is great. Someone said the album was not great but that is NOT true at all.<BR>Also just arrived home from the live concert-awesome, one of the best concerts I have been to in a very long time.<BR>Get tihs CD!!
B000003TA4|5.0|I first got into this band when I heard the song &quot;Smells like teen spirit&quot;. Shockingly its not their best song. I'm going to have to say that &quot;Come as you are&quot; and &quot;In Bloom&quot; are better. Other good song include Lithium and Breed. If you have enough money buy it.
0385504209|3.0|This is a moderately interesting post-millenium Grail quest set in France and England, and using vague myths and legends surrounding the Priory of Sion (combining the 20th century writings with the ancient order absorbed into the Jesuits), the Knights Templar, the Holy Grail, and various gnostic theories of the true role of Mary Magdalene.<br />The McGuffin in this adventure story is not just the Grail itself, but a key that unlocks the mystery of the Grail's location.<br />Alfred Hitchcock said the McGuffin in a suspenseful adventure story doesn't really matter----it's just a device to fuel the chase.  In this story, however, Dan Brown makes the McGuffin the centerpiece, and the retelling and weaving together of lore surrounding the Grail, the gnostic gospels and Mary Magdalene means the adventure runs out of gas about half way through the book, and the characters become cartoons jumping from one situation to another in a rather half-hearted resolution.<br />Criticism aside, I enjoyed the book and Brown's writing style is generally very entertaining---the 3 star rating simply comes from the loss of momentum in the last half of the book and a certain lack of character development (although this is common in some adventure stories).  The book is a good, workmanlike effort in a classic genre.  If you enjoyed Spielberg's Indiana Jones movies, Hitchcock's &quot;North by Northwest,&quot; &quot;The Thirty-Nine Steps&quot; and &quot;The Lady Vanishes,&quot; you'll enjoy this book.  If you've read Agatha Christie's &quot;The Man in the Brown Suit,&quot; you'll recognize the plot device that resolves the suspense.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|its pure [leasure from start to finish.  Plain and simple.
B00001U0DP|2.0|I debated on renting this movie for months and I finally broke down and got it after reading through all the reviews here. <BR>It was a huge let down to say the least. This film is so over the top and unrealistic it borders on ridiculous. And like another reveiwer said, it is one coincidence after another from beginning to end. I anticipated a poignant film. I expected to cry for the characters and it was impossible to do so considering the silly antics of the lead actor which never ended during the entire film. There are no horrific or realistically sad scenes to cry over anyway. The little boy was no more convincing in his role than the lead actor and the wife was a deap pan non-entity. I can see now after viewing it why so many here are disgusted by the way it turned a horrid event into a high-drama Dick Van Dyke movie. I truly hope none of the Holocaust survivors subjected themselves to this travesty. <br />Btw, I gave it two stars because the scenery and photography was exceptional.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|a veteran of tool and a &quot;fan&quot; of APC this blew me away ... &quot; The Noose&quot; nuff said..
B00005QFHG|5.0|I'm not sure why some people hate this film so much. It's just a movie! It's entertainment, not a history lesson!<BR>This is a great movie with lots of SYMBOLISM. I don't believe the writer actually thought that things, in 1959, happened in the way they did in the movie. It's just a &quot;fairy tale&quot; of sorts. I highly doubt it was written to make Catholics look evil and that Lent is torture. I am Catholic and was not offended in any way. If one looks into this movie a bit deeper, you will see lots of hidden symbolism and clever lessons to be learned. Don't judge this film just by what you see. It will then seem very differrent to you.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|its pure pleasure from start to finish.  Plain and simple.
B000089CJI|5.0|Boy, is this a great album. I, like so many before me, heard &quot;Such Great Heights&quot; on the radio and was instantly pulled in. The catchy hooks and the clever lyrics drew me in, and the sheer beauty of the melody kept it fresh. While that song remains the pinnacle of the album, there are many other works of mention on this album.<br />&quot;The District Sleeps Tonight&quot; is just another one of those examples of incredible songwriting. The lyrics are complex and intelligent and clever, without being pretentious or incoherent. The vocals are sincere and sweet, and the background is equally well-crafted. There are enough clicks and beeps to keep a smile on your face, and the rising and falling scales breathe a fresh sound into the monotonous overall sound of the song. It's an engaging song, and representative of the sound of the whole album.<br />&quot;Brand New Colony&quot; is another great song. While keeping with the overall theme of electronic beeps and clever lyrics, the sound is so different. Much more upbeat, with, well, they can only be called 'happier beeps', it's a musical playground. The rolling drum loops draw you into the song and you just can't help but fall in love with these guys<br />One of the duo's greatest strengths is their great sense of variation. Nothing gets stale, the songs are fluid and everchanging; there's always something going on in the background. This is complex, fully-realized techno-pop with a real heart and soul. I highly recommend this to pretty much everyone.
B0000029GA|3.0|I found out about Nas when I played Tony Hawk's Underground, when I heard his &quot;World is Yours&quot; song. A week later I bought Illmatic, it was a great album. I had always liked fitty but he couldn't match Nas at all, he blew me away.
B00008ADPF|3.0|Sounds a bit like Audioslave. A little too Main-Stream for me. I prefer alternate artists like Beck, Royal Trux and Chris Cornell's solo career albums. But hey, it's pretty good stuff. -Just a little too much.<br />Later-<br />Peace
B00002E23E|1.0|First of all...this is not a reveiw of the actual movie. Or pehaps it is. This has nothing to do with the sound quality, which is very, VERY GOOD! This has to do with the DVD version (and maybe the actual movie, although I don't remember noticing it while watching it at numerous mid-nite showings so many many years ago). This is not my opinion....THIS IS FACT!! I am a guitar player (for nearly 40 years), as well as a dabbler on the keys. If you are a musician, you must have noticed it. The sound is NOT....I SAY THE SOUND IS NOT IN-SYNC WITH THE VIDEO! What amatuer let this slide by. There are many places where this is noticible. You can's miss it. Plant bellowing out a howl (like during RnR), yet for a split second, the mic is still near his waist...it's not anywhere near his mouth. I thought that this was just an overdub. But no because during the intro to Stairway, Page (my beloved guitar GOD himself) is doing his little riff on the  6 of his EDS and....my gosh people, the sound and video are no where near in-synch with each other. There are many other moments just like this. I can't believe Page let this thru the out door (pardon the pun). I enjoy this concert. I don't believe it deserves the bad rap it has recieved over the past 25-30 years or so. If you like live albums that have been totally redone in the studio, try Rush's Exit...Stage Left or Show of Hands. Live albums were (I say WERE) meant to be made in the raw!...mistakes and all. And there are many of them (LEAVE THEM IN...THIS IS LIVE BABY). Musically I rate this as a (LIVE album) a 5 star PLUS! BUT THE AWFUL PRODUCTION, AS WELL AS THE NUMEROUS PLANT CROTCH SHOTS ARE A TERRIBLE DISTRACTION....1/2 star.
B00000DG1R|5.0|Duran Duran is one of the biggest bands of the 80's and have been having hits for more than 2 decades and are still making good songs. I saw them in concert in 99 and they were excellent even without taylor. Review of songs-<br />1.is there somthing i should know? 3.8 stars<br />2.the reflex-4.5 stars/catchy pop song<br />3.a view to a kill-4.7 stars<br />4.ordinary world-5 out of 5 stars-good ballad<br />5.save a prayer- 4.7 stars/haunting song<br />6.Rio- 5 out of 5 stars/classic<br />7.hungry like the wolf-5 out of 5 stars<br />8.girls on film- 4 stars<br />9.planet earth- 5 out 5 stars<br />10.union of the snake-3.8 stars<br />11.new moon on monday- 4.3 star<br />12.wild boys- 4 stars<br />13.notorious-4 stars<br />14.i dont want your love-3.8 stars<br />15.all she wants is-3.8 stars<br />16.electric barbarella-4.5 stars<br />17.serious-4.3 stars<br />18.skin trade-3.9 stars<br />19.come undone- 5 out of 5 stars/beautiful song<br />Overall excellent album/A classic/ Worth the money
B00005B4GU|5.0|Let me start buy saying that I am not the type of person who loves Radiohead as people and therefore claim that everything they do is \\"brilliant\\" and \\"original\\". In fact, for years I used to utterly despise Radiohead, and when I first got this album I utterly despised it as well. Subsequently, I have completely changed my mind... not only am I now a tremendous fan of RH(with the exception of Pablo Honey and some of The Bends) but Amnesiac is probably my favorite Radiohead album. On first listen it is easy for this album to seem selfindulgent, 'weird-for-the-sake-of-weird', unecessary, and all the other negative things that have been said thus far in the reviews. Once you familiarize yourself with the content of this album(musically and otherwise -- if the artwork costs as much as the music and were to be sold seperatly, I would willfully pay the money for it) your view will change and the album will change you.    A couple highlights:    Pulk/Pull -- One of the songs I used to HATE. I thought this was extremely selfindulgent and boring. Upon further listening I find the fuzz instruments to be completely infectious. It will get stuck in your head. As far as the lyrics are concerned -- and the complaints claiming that they're stupid -- if you think they are dumb, you haven't tried applying the metaphors to your life. Try it... it's haunting.    Amnesiac/Morning Bell -- Once again a song that I thought did not need to exsist. Now I love it a lot more than the original. While the vocals are almost the same as the Kid A version, the acoustic guitar and droning keyboards will unsettle you, and they really bring out the brilliant chord progression. The outro of this song is one of my favorite Radiohead moments.    Anyway, you owe it to yourself as a Radiohead fan to listen to this album. It will reveal tons about the band as well as yourself. It is simply fantastic.
B00005K3NR|5.0|Not only is Brian DePalma's adaptation of Stephen King's first novel CARRIE one of the greatest American horror movies ever made, but it is one of the most beautiful horror movies ever created. Everything about this movie (the writing, the camerawork, the music score, the performances, and the production design) comes together like the greatest works of art ever created, mainly from the Renaissance. I just fell in love with this movie and the way it was executed by all involved. With CARRIE, Brian DePalma, a man constantly compared to Alfred Hitchcock in various extremes, is in a class all his own; he's right up there with Dario Argento and Mario Bava in visual style and camerawork. I almost cried at certain points, but was on the edge of my seat most of the time!<BR>This Special Edition has everything for the diehard fan of DePalma, King, or CARRIE. Two brilliant documentaries provide a wealth of enlightening trivia, one on the actors and the other on the production. There's also a great animated photo gallery with the gorgeous score playing in the background, a bit on the musical, and comprehensive notes on the differences between the novel and the movie, differences that Stephen King even liked! I am so happy I bought this DVD for my first viewing of CARRIE in its entirety (I saw it on TV a few times).<BR>Have you noticed that there is no plot synopsis in my review, like there was none in my review for DRESSED TO KILL? Well, that's because I find that Brian DePalma does these movies in such a way that I don't even want to give away any of what happens in these movies. I only want to tell you about how gorgeous and how scary these movies end up being because DePalma does them so lovingly every time. If you haven't seen CARRIE (whether you read the novel or not is irrelevant), then please kick yourself, run out and rent this movie on video or DVD, and then feel free to add it to your collection! You won't regret it!
B0000C1733|4.0|This is a great compilation of the rhcp hits, but it fails its purpose.  A greatest hits compilation is suppose to come pretty close to canceling out any need for any of the actual albums from a band.  There are quite a lot of greatest hits albums out there that do that like the second steve miller band greatest hits, the newly released eagles double album, etc.  In the RHCP case nothing short of an essential 2 disc set will do. There are songs missing from here that are unexcusable, like the cover of \\"rollercoaster of love\\", \\"I could have lied\\" and \\"blood sugar sex magick\\" from BSSM, several songs that are very good from By the Way, \\"Around the World\\" (which isn't only essential, its unbeliavable that it was left off) and the list goes on.  another thing that a single disc prevents is the inclusion of some material besides \\"higher ground\\" from the pre-BSSM Chili peppers.  Here is my recommendation for an essential hits album. It's not chronological, but the first half goes from the beginning to one hot minute, and the second half starts there and finishes.<br />Disc One:<BR>1higher ground<BR>2give it away<BR>3blood sugar sex magick<BR>4suck my kiss<BR>5funky monks<BR>6breakingthe girl<BR>7i could have lied<BR>8fire<BR>9knock me down<BR>10fight like a brave<BR>11if you have to ask<BR>12my friends<BR>13sir physcho sexy<BR>14walkabout<BR>15under the bridge<br />Disc Two:<BR>1around the world<BR>2love roller coaster<BR>3universally speaking<BR>4get on top<BR>5dosed<BR>6scar tissue<BR>7the zephyr song<BR>8aeroplane<BR>9can't stop<BR>10otherside<BR>11road tripppin'<BR>12warm tape<BR>13venice queen<BR>14soul to squeeze<BR>15californication<BR>16fortune faded<BR>17i could die for you<BR>18they're red hot<br />that's my list, and with a double disc they can include stuff that the casual fan hasn't heard and can get into. the greatest hits that's out just won't do. until something along the lines of mine is released i think I'll stick to the actual albums.
0440224764|3.0|A young smart Mississippi lawyer Patrick gets wind of a scam his law partners are involved in and turns the tables on them by absconding with their 90 million dollar financial windfall and then disappearing for four years. But Patrick, aided by his new found love, Eva, is so far ahead of his pursuers that he orchestrates his own recapture in South America.<br />The book essentially recapitulates Patrick's elaborate planning in undercutting his partners and in faking his own death. Interrogations and interviews by lawyers and law enforcement personnel are the mechanisms for piecing together the story.<br />The author at times tries to portray Patrick as a victim, but his cocky personality does not support that position. Patrick's ability to be two moves ahead of everyone else borders on the unbelievable, a good example being his certainty that he could be recaptured and beat all charges against him. The book loses tension because it becomes obvious that Patrick is bullet-proof in that he has already thought of every eventuality.<br />In the end, the author comes close to undermining his entire book with an ending that is simply baffling in the context of all that has transpired. You'll have to read it to find out.
B00007GZQZ|5.0|The dialogue and the timing are fantastic in this movie. Full of funny moments, sweet little scenes between the two leads, and hilarious lines that will injure your laughing muscles. A must-see.
0385504209|4.0|As every other reviewer will tell you, the Da Vinci code was an amazing story.  As other reviewers will attest, if you like a good detective story where anybody can be the villian, this is a great book.<br />But there was an issue I had with the book which, while not ruining the book for me, it could catch you by surprise and should be pointed out before reading this.  The thing is, the story strongly goes against Christianity and in order to follow the investigation of the book, you have to make some assumptions that what you learned in sunday school was wrong.  I'm not saying don't buy the book (I did give it four stars) but at least be aware that you may have to deal with it as you read it.  That aside, enjoy!
0292701934|5.0|I think this is a wonderful book that documents and sheds light on the meaning of Richard Avedon's &quot;In the American West&quot; project. I spent one sunday afternoon becoming totally absorbed into this book and felt like I was there watching and feeling all the emotional things that went on within Avedon and his subjects. The story of Richard Garber made me cry. Much of the subjects suffered some form of tragedy and yet there was something very beautiful, &quot;terrifyingly beautiful&quot; as Avedon would say about them. After reading this book you can really see further into those images Avedon made, and mostly why he chose a particular image over another. Richard Avedon in my opinion is the greatest photographer of all time and I don't think there will be another photographer with his charisma and devotion. My only complaint about the book is that I wanted to experience more stories.
0385504209|1.0|I'm very disappointed by this novel's flaunting of itself as being correct in its details, though essentially fiction.  For instance, the finding of the dead sea scrolls is misdated, and that's only the beginning of all the errors.  It's sheer fantasy.
B00005JM20|4.0|I don't think I have anything new to add here, but I did really enjoy the movie. I like movies that I can trust to not be offensive, skanky or disgusting, which doesn't happen all that often these days. This is a funny movie, fairly predictable but in a charming way, with a hero that is not always so heroic. He gets himself into embarrassing situations and needs help getting out, almost hitting the top of the &quot;cool&quot; scale but having life stop him before he gets there. His sidekick and leading lady are well acted and supportive. I appreciated being able to see Rowan Atkinson in a truly likeable role, whereas with Mr Bean you kind of feel he deserves some of the crud he gets and Black Adder was just a bit too wicked to be friendly. :D Give it a shot; if you're bored, turn it off. I think you'll enjoy the ride.
B00005M989|4.0|First off I think Prince is a musical genius, he can sing, dance, write, play instruments and jam and that's what makes him the standstill in music history that he is today, so what if he hasn't been in the spotlight for awhile and his music isn't as mainstream as it was back in the day, his music still and will stand the test of time, no matter how many people beg to differ. Someone has liked a Prince song once in their life and probably one of these songs is on this album. <BR>Some major Prince fans (like my older cousin-who was a Prince fanatic back in the day as I am now with Justin Timberlake)can't stand this album and I know why...it's missing some tracks. These are just like Prince Basics for fans (like myself) who are just getting into the Prince groove, now I've gone deeper (but not Crystal Ball or Gold Experience deep) and have discovered that this album is missing probably my favorite Prince song, \\"Pop Life\\" as well as uh, duh! \\"Batdance\\", B-side fave \\"Erotic City\\", uh, \\"Purple Rain\\" minor hits like \\"Beautiful Ones\\", \\"Baby I'm A Star\\" and \\"Darlin' Nikki\\" maybe even add in some early stuff like hits from \\"Controversy\\" or \\"Dirty Mind\\", maybe even add in Shelia E.'s \\"Love Bizarre\\" or to top things off some stand-out tracks from albums besides \\"Purple Rain\\"-hence \\"The Most Beautiful Girl In The World\\", \\"If I Was Your Girlfriend\\"<BR>or \\"Anotherloverholenyohead\\". <BR>Personally, I like this album, if you want some key essential hits from the purple one then this is for you, but if you are a die hard Prince fan, don't buy this cause you either own all this on vinyl or CD.<BR>Still some classics ring true, the lush voice of a young Prince is heard on \\"I Wanna Be Your Lover\\" a soulful, funky jam that sounds just as fresh as it was back in '79. The astro funk of \\"1999\\" has been overplayed at New Year's Eve parties but still a jam. Personal fave of \\"Little Red Corvette\\" has some pretty good lyrics, I love Prince's use for words to cover up a song about sex. Not thefull version of \\"When Doves Cry\\" (missing the great guitar solo) but still a timeless classic, \\"Let's Go Crazy\\" shows Prince develing into rock with this wild rambuncious track. The most beautiful Prince song ever, \\"Purple Rain\\" need I describe this song? \\"I Would Die 4 U\\" a personal fave of mine with the beating synths and driving all the way home, folksy \\"Raspberry Beret\\" then funked out \\"Kiss\\" which Tom Jones murdered with his rendidtion, the hypnotic funk of \\"Sign O The Times\\" which is another personal fave with some social awareness wrapped into this funky bit. Brit singer, Sheena Easton (whom she has to thank Prince for her \\"Sugar Walls\\") guest stars along with another SE, Sheila E. on \\"U Got The Look\\" a quirky piece of funk, along with the catchy \\"Alphabet St.\\". I also think \\"Theives In The Temple\\" is just pure poetry, great song. Didn't much like the NPG days but I like (and remember from a while back) \\"Diamonds And Pearls\\" which has a mystical, funk approach. <BR>Just the Prince basics guys and nothing more, this jump started me as a fan and I'm glad I brought it, just pure fun all around.
0783225881|5.0|This movie is beautiful almost beyond words. Forgive my hyperbole, but it's like it's a religious experience cloaked in the simple disguise of a &quot;baseball movie,&quot; and I really think it transcends that category. Kevin Costner and James Earl Jones are at their best, Phil Alden Robinson's writing is great, and James Horner's score is just plain super-duper. The DVD features an hour-long documentary that exhaustively details the making of the film, and the picture and sound are good. The only way you can go wrong with this disc is if you're dead inside.<br />Movie: 6/5<BR>DVD: 5/5
0446677450|3.0|Rich Dad Poor Dad contains some practical ideas about building wealth.  There certainly is a need for the principles of money management to be taught at home beginning at an early age. <br />Some of the author's criticism of our educational system might be overcome if everyone took at least one college-level business course as part of their educational program.  In addition, I do not know one member of the business faculty where I work who teaches students that guaranteed job security is an end result of education.<br />Since this book was written before the stock market &quot;correction&quot;, I am curious to know how the author fared with a lack of diversification in his stock portfolio.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I never watched this show during its short run; I got the DVD set for Christmas. It might be my favorite present ever. I parceled it out half an episode a night so it wouldn't end too quickly!<br />My heart is breaking because this incredible series never got to fulfill its potential. It has everything: action, romance, fortune and glory, the snappy dialogue for which Joss Whedon is famous. The space Western hybrid with Chinese influences WORKS brilliantly. You never question it. Whedon cast out some of the most overdone sci-fi stereotypes: conflicts with aliens, battles in space (Serenity is a cargo ship and doesn't have guns--almost a punchline in and of itself!), and heroes who are heroic.<br />The crew is led by the brash, disenchanted Capt. Malcolm Reynolds, who combines the sexiest qualities of Han Solo with Indiana Jones. Every member of the ensemble cast is crucial and fascinating.<br />This series surpasses Buffy and Angel. Do yourself a big favor and buy it. (Every boxed set sold also improves its chances of hitting the silver screen.)
B0000DD7LC|5.0|I'm not disappointed. In fact, I'm not sure what CD these other reviewers listened to that claim they are. Surely, it can't be the same one. The Diary of Alicia Keys has style and grace. This CD is light years ahead of SIAM. It's just more sophisticated and polished.<br />Songs: Karma, You Don't Know My Name, If I Ain't Got You, Diary, Dragons Days, So Simple, Slow Down, and Samsonite Man soar over all that SIAM had to offer.<br />You better get this CD while the stores still have it. You don't want to miss it
B0000AQVCL|1.0|Remember when bands wrote original music?  Did Jet just watch that Mitsubishi Galant commercial and say, &quot;You know, guys, maybe if we copy this 'Lust for Life' song, we can be on a commercial too&quot;?  It's pretty nice for them that people who buy their records don't know and don't care which artists they've stolen music from.  But hey, who needs 'originality' or 'talent' these days?  We just wanna sell some records and iPods.<br />To paraphrase &quot;Rollover DJ&quot;: who cares what Jet plays, cause they've been playing OTHER PEOPLE'S SONGS all night.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|It may not be a sexy pick, but this is my favorite VH album. Every song is a classic. The clarity, precision, and originality of Eddie Van Halen's guitars outshine anything else I've heard, except maybe for Hendrix. David Lee Roth's vocals are perfect, whether he's singing or wailing. Alex Van Halen and Michael Anthony form a tight rhythm section, and Anthony's backing vocals complement Dave perfectly. This album is a testament to how cosmically rare it is for a hard rock band to create a totally original sound--it just doesn't happen very often. The 80's saw a thousand imitators, but nobody could match Van Halen and nobody came anywhere close to matching this album.<br />Album: 5/5<BR>Remastering: 5/5 (loud and crystal clear)
B00005JKED|5.0|Denzel Washington truly delivers a stunning performance as a corrupted narcotics police officer who has to show Ethan Hawke the ropes of making it in the drugs department. Washington is simply sublime as the supposedly all-knowing police officer who thinks he has the whole neighbourhood under his thumb when he doesn't. However, I think where this film surpasses others of its genre is Hawke's decent performance that complements Washington's. He plays the shy and introverted policeman in a such a way that the viewer can't help but hoping that Washington's character will not betray him but what you see is not what you get in the case of 'Training Day'. <br />I loved this DVD because it had many great extra features such as the music video and the fact that the film was subtitled in many varied languages. I think it is important for film distributors to know that while English is the dominant language in the world, other people who speak different languages want to enjoy gems like Training Day.
B000088E6D|5.0|Did you catch American Idol's first night? Well if you did you heard judge Randy Jackson praise Michael Buble. <BR>I now have Michael Buble's stunning cd in my cdplayer. <BR>Judge Jackson - thank you for introducing me to a major talent!
B000002572|5.0|This album gave me hope for the future when it was released in 1976.  I was a disliusioned 15 year-old facing a life of Disco music.  This album proved rock will never die.  A must have in any rock music collection.  The best Debut album ever.
B00008PC2O|5.0|T2: Extreme DVD hits on all cylinders. The presentation of the movie is razor sharp--the picture and sound are crystal clear. The movie itself is so awesome that lackluster features probably wouldn't be too much of a drawback (unless this weren't the first version of the movie you were buying on DVD), but the features are outstanding. Cameron and Wisher's commentary is actually entertaining, and the text commentary is so exhaustive that it's almost hard to keep up with (and I didn't really notice any overlap between the two commentaries). And the best feature is the option allowing you to watch the movie in its theatrical form, leaving out the new footage. There's nothing really wrong with the new stuff--watch for a hilarious new scene at the truck stop--but it's nice to have the option to watch the original cut.<br />Movie: 5/5 <BR>DVD: 5/5
B000000W3G|5.0|I bought this set off ebay really cheap and haven't been able to stop listening to it, I especially like all the cover songs.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I rented this movie from Netflix, but only thought there were 4 discs because of the way netflix handles dvd searches (at the time they only returned 4 entries and each dvd constitutes a separate rental).  I would watch one or two a night and basically would forget about the house and life around me while I was basically pulled into the movie.  It is really 10 separate, but related movies, each one giving us a different soldier's view of the war and their company (with coverage of other units Allied and Axis).  <br />I almost forgot my opening point, I was a little shocked and let down with what I thought was the final epsiode (#8).  I went online to amazon and found that there were 5 discs (whoops) and made sure it was the next one sent to me in the mail.  That final disc did the trick. .. <br />I am going to buy this now even though there is probably little chance in hell it will ever go out of print.  I am quite amazed at the amount of reviews out here (mine makes 606) and all of them are 5 stars (we will discount the jaded San Diego jerk).  <br />With so many positive reviews I don't think anyone could ever read them all (you could probably watch the series over again in the time it would take you to read them all) which means that I am basically writing all this for no one to read. ..<br />If you have read this, then skip over the rest, scroll back up and click the &quot;Add to cart&quot; button above, you are pretty much guaranteed to be engrossed for a week or so. . .
B00004Y6O7|4.0|It has some filler (A Walk in the Park) but makes up for it with One Foot Out the door.  Van Halen's heaviest album.
B00005JL7Q|5.0|About a boy is an absolute masterpiece...Hugh Grant does a wonderful job as the portrayal of Will the shallow lounge bug who has never worked a day in his life thanks to his dad's one hit wonder &quot;Santa's Super Sleigh&quot; but Marcus played but an extraordinary young actor changes Will and his whole prospective on life...this movie is touching funny and a great chick flick...Butter the popcorn and rent or buy this movie today!<br />I only have one questioned why wasn't Hugh Grant nominated for an Oscar?!?!
B00005AAFT|5.0|RAMMSTEIN ET AUS LEVER DU PONSLAT!<BR>RAMMSTEIN RAMMSTEIN RAMMSTEIN!!!!!
0671027344|2.0|Upon reading this book, my opinion is that the author is trying to glorify the stereotype of a &quot;wallflower&quot;.  The character is sensitive and introverted but in the book, those qualities are met with understanding and acceptance which to me seems unrealistic.  It has been my experience that inviduals who exhibit these qualities in real life tend to be lonely or exist on the outskirts of their respective social circles due to the fact that sadly, very few people realize the depth that such individuals possess.<BR>In my opinion, the book reads like the fantasy of one such person in which everyone recognizes that the main character is intelligent and special and the things he says profound.  I suppose in that respect, the book lives up to its title.  However, as with most fantasies, the narrative of the story has a very limited perspective and the characters and events are too one-dimensional to be believable.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|If I was ship wrecked on a desert island with only one CD this one is it.  NO crap, NO filler, NO keyboards.  Wall to wall kick ass rock and roll the way it is suppose to be.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Josh Groban's  Closer is a masterpiece....I can hardly find a track I do not like...He did an exceptional job and in my opinon this is better than the first album he produced....<br />Buy this it is great to listen to while taking a soak in the tub and trust me you will NOT be disappointed in fact you too may become a Grobanite! So give it a try!
0783225547|3.0|Actually, the best part of this Golden Turkey is when the town<BR>gets wiped out by a pyroclastic flow-I cheered for the volcano!<br />Hilariously bad performances from a cast who should have known<BR>better, but then, maybe they needed the money.....!<br />Grab a bowl of popcorn, and enjoy this turkey!
B000089RVR|5.0|Dido's creatvity in her new album \\"life for rent\\" is at it's peak!. Unique classic album with great lyrics and music. Her song \\" white flag\\" is one of the best songs ever, a woman who made a mistake , who wants her lover back but with no white flag (love only)!!! .... the album also include great songs as stoned( a woman who want's love ...not only sex!, do you have a little time( a woman who wants time from her partner or lover, see the sun(is a great song about a sad guy who is mourning something he lost and the key of his happiness will be a woman ... and life for rent(it means stability in life ....the lyrics of these songs are so powerful and deep...talks about events that happens between men and women  but in a very deep way. it is a classic album! I would like to mention that her song \\"Mary's in india\\" reminded me of few songs sang by Olivia Newton john in the 70's..Dido's last album \\" NO Angel is also excellent but not as unique as \\"Life for rent\\".... this album will establish Dido for many years...
B0000CD5I6|3.0|On 1st listen, I considered this album a bit flat, a bit jaded as it were, compared to other Tull offerings. Why. Took me a few listens to figure it out. No driving classic Barre rock guitar!. This would be the first Tull album that has not generated excitement on first listening. I had to listen hard for the normal Anderson/Barre guitar/flute interplay that is expected of Tull, and it just does not exist. After a few more listens, the guitar is tastefull &amp; understated.<br />This is more like an Anderson solo album rather than Tull. Maybe, as indicated in the sleeve notes, it was the way it was recorded. Band members were not present, and recorded around Ian's pre-recorded ideas. Ian did the final mixing.<br />The re-recorded songs just don't seem to have any sparkle compared to the originals. This is a shame, because Tull have done it before &amp; did it well. Just listen to &quot;The Beacons Bottom&quot; tapes from the 25th Anniversary Set. This songs are brilliant re-records of the originals &amp; stand up well in there own right.<br />Bouree, great tune, but why keep on dragging the old carcus up?<br />The album needs to be taken for what it is, a celebration of christmas, &amp; not an album of classic Tull rock/folk type stuff. As usaull, the muciscanship is superb, but could Anderson finally be getting a tad stale?
6305558167|4.0|Also gets better as the movie goes along too!  It starts out just awful but very slowly evolves into the great film it really is.  I marvelled at the future stars who were in this movie-  Gabriel Byrne as Uther Pendragon, Liam Neeson as Sir Gawaine, Helen Mirren as Morgana, Patrick Stewart(!!!) as King Leodegrance!  Wow!  Nigel Terry and Cherie Lunghi both gave wonderfully understated performances as King Arthur and Guinevere, Nicol Williamson is a funny and gripping Merlin, and Nicholas Clay wasn't half bad as Lancelot.  I wouldn't recommend this for kids, but teenagers who love fantasy and medieval stories will get a kick out of it.
B0001BKAEY|3.0|The final movie in the Matrix movie series is a flawed and often clumsy finish to a great movie trilogy. <br /> In the final part of the movie series, Neo realizes that he isn't the \\"Almighty Powerful One\\" like the \\"Reloaded\\" installment movie portrayed him as and Agent Smith has become muhc powerful and dangerous to the future of humanity. The machines are digging ever closer to the underground city of Zion, the last remnants of the human population.  <br /> This movie is fun for it's action and special effects but to me, this only felt like just another extension of the \\"Reloaded\\" movie which of course is but not to a sense that it was all over and the end result was just nothing but confusion and that there was a lot more to come. <br /> This is a fine movie but I felt that it didn't live up to the first two and I can't help but feel rather dissapointed.
B00008NRI8|1.0|Have you ever rented a movie, and about 10 minutes into (sometimes less, sometimes more) realized that you had just wasted your movie? Well, thats exactly what I did with this movie. This movie I guess was trying to be a comedy, but was not funny at all. The lovestory part is nothing new and terribly borring. Just a waste of time in general to watch this. I can't see why people would rate it over 2 stars!!!!
B0000VAFO0|2.0|The trailer's theme of &quot;which side will you choose?&quot; actually prompted me to not waste the $10 + in the movie theater; I finally opted to rent the movie on DVD.<br />Initially, I refrained from my attempt to turn off the player after 10 minutes, 20, 30; I had hoped that there was a good storyline in the end. Turns out, it wasn't so bad after all. I truly adored the Lycan attempt for peace by creating a hybrid species -- indeed, an attempt stemmed by the love between Lucian and Sonia, the vampyric daughter of Viktor. This melding is further paralled by the attraction (not really love) between Selene and Michael.<br />Unfortunately, I felt the story is muddied by the mortal battling with guns (although the speciess-specific bullets were a cool idea), and the overemphasis on the war. Selene's handguns sounding like AK47s were a little much. More time should have been spent on the history of the war: what few scenes shown were done so rather sketchily, with a purposed blur.<br />Kudos to Kevin Grevioux (Raze) for the genetic species idea (Kevin's genetic engr. background is indicated in the special features section) and to Michael Sheen (Lucian), who really has the only character that shows any emotion.<br />The movie leaves room for a sequel; I might be willing to entertain, but perhaps may wait again for the DVD.
B00005JMFO|5.0|Love Actually has the romance that women crave in a good movie along with the stupid humor and nonsence things guys would like.  You will fall in love with Hugh Grant as the Prime Minister and Alan Rickman (who is really a blonde!) will make you wonder how he pulls it off.  My boyfriend even liked it!  The cast is amazing and the various story lines give everyone something to relate to.  See it with your other half or with friends.  I have seen it three times and can't wait to go again!
B0000C7PSW|3.0|I've always wondered why Rufus Wainwright sounds like he's falling asleep in the middle of every single song he's ever recorded.  It worked well for him on his last album, \\"Poses\\", with it's \\"Hi, I'm Rufus and I'm so jaded\\" lyrics, but less so on \\"Want One\\" -- though first single \\"I Don't Know What It Is\\" is a strong piece of music that starts off simple but by the end is teetering on the edge of a wigged-out showtune.  Wainwright is still able to boast a lot of above-par songwriting, though even he is prone to lapsing into some, quite frankly, retarded wording.  Songs like \\"Vicious World\\" feel forced.  Others like \\"14th Street\\" and \\"Dinner at Eight\\" are lyrically fantastic.   <br />Rufus has always bordered on pompous, like a rich theater-major who has landed his first Broadway role, but it had always made him a slash more endearing.  But, with the recent stint in rehab, his heavy-on-the-dramatic style combined with MENSA vocab lyrics starts to make him a bit uptown obnoxious and this release starts to sound a bit too self-conscious and over aware of itself.<br />Though this pales in comparison to the near-amazing \\"Poses\\", it is not a throwaway album.  Which is why it is a 3 star album despite the fact that it gets a bit trashed in this review.  It is decent sing-along music, fantastic music to serve a nice dinner by, but not the album you want when you're driving an hour to get home at 3 AM.  In fact, even when I first purchased \\"Poses\\" it did not initially grab me either and I wrote a less-than-favorable review of it somewhere calling it Harry Connick Jr. vocals meets orchestral Muzak.  Perhaps when \\"Want Two\\" is released, I will be able to come back and tell you it was all worth it.
B00003CXCQ|3.0|Snow White has a fine story line, but I have still never liked this movie.  I don't like Snow White's singing voice.  It tends to bug me a lot because she uses too much vibrato.  I think that is really the only thing that really bugs me about it.  The story is fun, though, and kids love it.
0671015206|2.0|I suppose this book is good if you're already earning quite a bit.  It is not really a guide book for the average, or even moderately above average, wage earner on how to become wealthy.  Once you finish reading about how frugal they are, it's more of a description of how already fairly well-to-do people kept and enhanced their wealth, particularly aiming towards their retirement years.<br />Ironically, a chunk of the book describes gift-giving and passing the wealth on to the adult kids.  So we have all of these years of frugality (really the majority of their lives) only to end up distributing tons of dough to the offspring so they don't have to pay estate taxes.  Then, irony upon irony, the adult kids are either a) independent professionals who don't need, nor necessarily want, the inheritance or b) \\"under-accumulators of wealth\\" in which case they end up wasting it in one fell swoop to maintain a high-lifestyle image they can't genuinely afford through efforts of their own.   It is, of course, fine for the retired wealthy to spend or give away their money in whatever manner they wish.  But what does this matter to the person looking for advice on how to best reach this stage of wealth?  It matters very little.  People want to know how to get there, not what is done after they've already reached their financial goal and are able to maintain that level of prosperity. <br />I think being a slightly above average accumulator of wealth, rather than a prodigious accumulator or under accumulator of wealth, is just right.  Money is earned to be used, not hoarded.  Why not invest some, but also have a bit of enjoyment from 25-65.  As long as you're responsible, what's the problem?  So you'll have $600,000 or $700,000 instead of $1,000,000 at retirement - big whoop!  It's all about trade-offs and you're only on this merry-go-round once.  No matter how much you accumulate at retirement, you can't buy back a single day, let alone 30 or 40 years of your past life.<br />Regarding the prose itself, the book had somewhat of a snobby, condescending tone, often giving the impression that, by and large, there are only three professions with which the wealthy and their offspring are to be involved - that of entrepreneur, lawyer, or physician.  There is mention in one chapter of other occupations that are thought to benefit FROM the affluent, such as accountants, real estate agents and so forth, but the book is peppered throughout with a kind of snobbery that seems to focus one's attention in a very superficial way on a very narrow field of scholastic and occupational achievements/choices if one wants to operate in this rarified environment of wealth.  Frankly, I think the authors are spending too much time with their charts and tables and statistics.  A reader would be better served simply buying a genuine personal finance book, such as The Truth About Money or Personal Finance for Dummies.  This way, you can focus on your own specific situation and figure out how to best make it work for you going forward, rather than dealing with all of the authors' hypotheticals and seeing if you pass this book's intimated minimum income litmus test.  They emphasize having a good Defense (living below your means), but they presume you have a stellar Offense (income).  Incidentally, their expertise is in the field of marketing, not finance or economics.  The book is a very good reflection of both these points. <br />(Just FYI, in addition to learning about one author's love for his Z28 Camaro [in itself, horrible enough], the reader gets a clear sense of the authors' political bent when reading statements such as, the affluent are a \\"segment of our economy that will be under seige by the liberal politician and his friend, the tax man.\\" [page 216]  How does this get past the editor?  Is this really the appropriate book to be making such political statements?)
B000005HBI|5.0|Of all of the vocal jazz albums released in the 1990's, this remains one of the best.  Ms. Wilson shows tremendous range and diversity here:  from a cover of &quot;Tupelo Honey&quot; that outdoes Van Morrison (if that's even possible), to a wonderfully evocative &quot;Hellhound on My Trail&quot;, to &quot;You Don't Know What Love Is&quot;. to the African-based trio in the middle of the set, it doesn't get much more eclectic than this.  Yet, it's all interesting, with always interesting instrumentation.  I think Cassandra Wilson falls in the mold of Billie Holiday--one with a relatively limited voice who just brings it all to the table--but with wider diversity.  Very highly recommended.
B00005NC65|2.0|The reaction of someone who is not a film historian:<br />This is obviously not intended as a work of surrealism or Dada. Godard has a story to tell, and two characters to introduce to us.  I suggest that the film techniques be measured by whether they contribute to these goals.  The use of handheld camera, long shots, candid shots of Paris do.  They give the film a sense of energy and reality, and have perhaps been adopted by others because of this.  The &quot;jump cuts&quot; (which I take to mean the abrupt cuts in the middle of scenes, with no attempt to maintain continuity) do not.  They are distracting and remind you, with a jolt, and indeed never permit you to forget, that you are watching a film.  This is not like noticing that a great painting is made up of the artist's individual brushstrokes; more like brushstrokes that keep you from seeing the overall picture.  It just comes off as amateurish, and interfers with plot and character development.<br />Seborg didn't seem to me to work in this role.  I think Godard means to tell us that she is not vulnerable but in fact the same sort of animal as Belmondo, but the toughness was not persuasive (esp. the obvious self consciousness of the closing shot).  If this is not what was meant, then she failed to communicate to this viewer what exactly it was that motivated her character.  Does that mean she is &quot;deep&quot;?
0425173895|5.0|Hercule Poirot has lost interest in the dective business since the departure of Hastings to South America.  He has retired to a small village to grow vegetable marrows and live a quiet life.  He discovers that vegetable marrows do not grow in an orderly manner and that crime does not limit itself to the city.  <br />The village is buzzing with gossip about the suicide of a local well to do widow and then is sent reeling by the murder of Roger Ackroyd, the wealthiest man in town.  Poirot is drawn into these problems by Ackroyd's niece, Flora and finds himself not only dealing with murder but also with blackmail, petty theft and romance.<br />In Hastings absence the story is told by the local doctor who is also a next door neighbor of Hercule Poirot.<br />When this novel came out in 1926 it was immensely popular and somewhat controversial in that it broke one of the 'rules' for a good dectective novel (and you will have to read the book to find out which one).  THE MURDER OF ROGER ACKROYD ranks with AND THEN THERE WERE NONE (AKA TEN LITTLE INDIANS) and MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS as Christie at her most orginal.  <br />This story is also significant in that one of the characters, Caroline, the doctor's sister, has been credited by Christie as being the forerunner of Miss Marple.  The soon to be familiar Christie theme of small towns as hot beds of intrigues both large and small is seen here for the first time.<br />This book has aged very gracefully, the first time reader of today will probably be just as surprised as the readers of the 1920's were.  As always with a Christie the clues are all there fairly laid out for the reader to follow.
0385504209|1.0|from Newsweek. (Dec. 8 issue)...<br />Decoding `The Da Vinci Code'<br />Antonio Calanni / AP<br />For millions, the phenomenal best seller is their introduction to the arcane and mysterious `shadow history' of the early church. Herewith, an attempt to separate truth from fiction.<br />Did Leonardo include Mary Magdalene in his \\"Last Supper\\"?<br />Most art scholars say no. The figure reputed to be Mary Magdalene is actually the beloved disciple John, who is usually depicted young and clean-shaven.<br />Were Jesus and Mary M. married?<br />Although there is no way to prove or disprove this, most experts consider it highly unlikely. Their main argument: there is no mention of it in canonical writings.<br />Was Mary M. a prostitute?<br />This misperception probably began with a sermon by Pope Gregory the Great in A.D. 591 in which he conflated several figures into one. In 1969 the Vatican officially overruled Gregory.<br />Are Opus Dei and the Priory of Sion real organizations?<br />Yes, but there is no indication that either is involved in any plot to conceal or reveal secrets of the Holy Grail.<br />What is the Holy Grail?<br />The most widely accepted idea is that it was the cup used by Christ at the Last Supper. Others have hypothesized that it was a secret book. In the 12th century a French abbot claimed to possess it; his silver chalice now resides in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.<br />Did male leaders cover up the true role of women in the early church?<br />Yes, in the sense that history is written by the winners, and in a patriarchal society, men had a big edge.<br />What happened to Mary M. after the Resurrection?<br />Nobody knows. In the Eastern Orthodox tradition, she went to Turkey. A Western legend says she went to Provence.<br />Did Leonardo hide clues about church secrets in his paintings?<br />Art historians doubt it.<br /> 2004 Newsweek, Inc.
B00005JKNF|2.0|This movie isn't a &quot;sleeper&quot; in the sense that it's a rare, unappreciated gem. No. I call it a &quot;sleeper&quot; because when I saw it in the theater, I had a most delicious little two hour nap. Had this movie been even remotely interesting or entertaining, I would never had got such a deep and relaxing sleep that evening.<br />To call this movie anything more than just &quot;dull&quot; is giving it too much credit for being anything less than the mudane dispassionate story about nothing that it is. I mean this film not only fails to hit any high peaks; it fails to even make the viewer raise an eyebrow every now and again. I've rarely watched a movie with such a deadpan plot.<br />&quot;Gosford Park&quot; doesn't stink - that's too extreme for this boring movie. I wish it stunk. Had it been as bad as some of Russ Meyer's crazy B films, I might have actually stayed awake and been entertained somewhat. At least I would have got a good laugh. <br />As it is, &quot;Gosford Park&quot; made me feel zero emotion at all; just a nice, peaceful, quiet sleep. They didn't even have to be polite and turn the sound down for me. Isn't that nice of them?
B0000DD7LB|5.0|I love this cd!! The songs are so innovative and versatile. I love Britney's style and her music. Awesome songs. My fave is \\"Toxic\\". The video is hot!!!! The worst song is \\"Early mornin\\" but other than that all the songs are unique and upbeat except for Shadow and Everytime which are ballads. I love Britney and i hope she continues to make more cds because she's an amazing entrtainer and singer. She has has an amazing talent in both performing, singing, writing lyrics for her songs and making good songs. She blows people away with her sexy performances. Britney is here to stay whether you like it or not. Get this cd!!! You won't regret it.
B00003CX95|2.0|Braveheart captured the imagination when it first came out, winning Oscars, perhaps because its subject matter was an unusual one for the time.<br />Seeing it again after almost a decade, one realizes that it falls into the genre of the wishful-thinking Hollywood tradition. Historically it is not only inaccurate, but misleading, painting a picture of Scotland at the time that bears little relationship to history, but a lot to what Hollywood would like to think Scotland might have been like if Hollywood had got its hands on it.<br />In doing so, it completely distorts the historical Wallace, the son of a knight, and a remarkable and interesting man in his own right, and whose actual history might have made a better - or at least a more thoughtful - film. It also distorts Scotland, suggesting a kind of iron-age living style which was far from the truth, but which unfortunately many viewers will take as genuine.<br />Braveheart clearly falls into the tradition of the Hollywood epic - and it is the marvellous (Irish) scenery and the great battle scenes that confirm its place in that tradition and remain the best features of the film. What stands out most strongly is that it is essentially a cowboys-and-Indians film, seen metaphorically from the point of view of the Indians, without actually having to make a film from the point of view of the Indians. When Gibson appears in front of his army in war-paint the metaphor is all too clear.<br />If indeed US forces have used this film for discussion, then the divergance between imagination-as-truth and reality that can be seen in current U.S. attidutes to their foreign adventures perhaps becomes clearer.
B00005JM0B|3.0|This was a very well made movie and I really liked it alot and would like to have all 3 of the T erminator movies,however I would have to admit it was nothing like the other two Terminators.The first two are the best ones so I won't give it a 5.Most of us expected something different and better.<br />I give this movie a 3.
B0000024K1|5.0|Having bought this album in 1988 and not coming from a Rap/Black background, I found this album to be mind blowingly good.  I lost the album a fews years later and only just got hold of another copy the other day.  16 years on and it still sounds a fresh as it did back then. I haven't really gone on to buy other rap albums since hearing this one. I guess that because this was the 1st Rap album I was exposed to as a 15 year old, others just wouldn't live up to it.<br />One thing that hasn't been mentioned in other reviews is the humour which also exists on this album, such as Cold lampn with Flavor, she watch channel zero.  This album also has some classic lines of lyrics. One that comes to mind &quot;If you don't think I'm a brother Then check the chromosomes&quot;<br />Highly recommend this album. One of the greatest musical achievments on this planet to date.
B000000OMB|3.0|There are some interesting comments about the debut Asia record.  Some folks praise it as a long lost classic.  Others rip to shreds.<br />However, its the folks who take an even tempered stance are the ones who seem most practical to me.  There are many creative instrumental passages on this record particularly from keyboardist Geoffrey Downes.  However many of the songs are just a little too radio friendly with cliche laden lyrics.  The overplayed singles-Here Comes That Feeling, Only Time Will Tell, and The Heat Of The Moment are mildly creative in small doses and a bit patience trying with the overplay that they did receive.<br />Soul Survivor is probably the most captivating of the nine album tracks.  I enjoy the lyrics, keyboard passages, and the steady drumming.  Wildest Dreams has an interesting style and One Step Closer and Cutting It Fine have some memorable moments.<br />Therefore the impression of this record is a decent one but not a reverred classic that will stand the test of time.  Truthfully I prefer Asia's follow up record, Alpha as the atmosphere stands out even more and the lyrics are less cliche driven.  Nonetheless, a 3-3 1/2 star rating seems fair.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|While many people said that this movie introduced nothing new and was nothing more than a poor recap of the first 2 movies, I htought that this was one of the best movies of the year. What people don't realize is that this is a very philosophical movie. Look at Neo and Smith for example. Neo sacrifices himself to rid the martix of Smith. Looking into the bible, it was Christ who sacrificed himself to cleanse the world of sin. Many of the characters have different meanings. The Merovingian for example represents Satan. Watch what button Morpheus presses in the elevator the leads to his club. It says \\"HELL\\". Even looking at it from a computer standpoint, Neo let Smith infect him so the machines could lock on and destroy Smith. Thats how a computer destroys a virus. If you haven't seen this movie or the trilogy, watch them. I guarentee if you look into some philosophical books and study some computer procedures you will realize just how brilliant these movies truly are.
B00005JMTN|5.0|Well, I guess I would say that this film is one small step for Burton but one large step for post-modernism in film.  (Post-modernism being a reaction against the rationality, supremacy of facts, easy answers, simplified thinking, \\"the norm\\", etc. of scientific modernist thinking)<br />By that I mean that Burton has added a new piece this his distinct collection, and this piece might be found lacking.  I fully agree with Thomas Bumbera's review below.  Bumbera brings up really good points, and his analysis is thorough.  The storyline was a bit choppy, and some characters were so flat I thought the breeze would knock them over.  <br />HOWEVER, I was so enraptured by the film that I think that such criticisms (which are usually important to me) fall by the wayside.  What Burton has done with this film is visionary and new.  And, while it does have problems, I think that's maybe due to the fact that he's simply one of the first in a new frontier.<br />What's so new about this film?  I think Burton (using his already acknowledged unique genius) is the first to fully embrace post-modernism in a many-leveled manner using a variety of dimensions available in film.  I've seen several other films that have taken shaky first steps into the post-modernist world - \\"Chocolat\\" challenged the norm as far as morals; \\"Magnolia\\" loaded itself with complexity, pain, and hard realities; \\"Adaptation\\" pulled out all the stops in screwing with the logic & chronology of the movie plot.<br />However, these forerunners in the post-modernist era fall short of what Burton accomplished.  He takes you through Ed Bloom's unbelievable stories in a world that looks very similar to our own.  But, rather than just exist in this fantastical world, he challenges you to reconcile it with \\"the real world.\\"  Did any of this happen?  Was the old Ed Bloom ever like his very endearing younger self?  Were these stories a cover-up for affairs that he had while gone?  Was this man simply an egomaniac?  <br />Your one ambassador in this mind-bending investigation is Ed Bloom's son, Will Bloom, because he is the rational mind trying to separate fact from fiction.  He says everything you would say if you were given the assignment to figure out who Ed Bloom was & what was true about him.  (And because of the need for this son's character & the emotional complexity he brings to the storyline, I am willing to forgive some choppiness and unnaturally speedy character development.)<br />As you and the son investigate the facts behind the story, you find that you tire of the son & his investigations.  Rather, you long for more of his father's adventures, which are full of unexpected people, Burton-esque places and understated intelligence.  If Burton uses this boredom with reality like I think he is, then this is one example of his many-leveled approach to develop his attack on rationality.  <br />Personally, I became a committed fan of the film when the son, Will Burton, is interviewing Jessica Hill.  Both her character & story are well-done, but what she represents is a key to the puzzle.  I loved the dimensions she adds to what \\"makes sense\\".  Like the rest of the movie, she unveils a logic existing in the fantastic that is in some ways superior to cold, dry scientific logic.  <br />I think what Burton introduces the audience to is somewhat akin to what Catholics call the mystique and mystery of God.  I was very taken by this post-modernist exploration.
B00003CWTI|5.0|PT Anderson outdid himself with this one.  <BR>  Magnolia is a multi-faceted, ensemble-based, many-themed, plurally-plotted piece of brilliantly theatrical cinema that follows the lives of many different people all on the same paths and experiencing the same feelings.<BR>  There are three things that really made this movie for me.<BR>  Plot: Anderson successfully juggles at least four major plotlines wihtout every appearing to tarry in one place for too long or forget about any one character for more time than is necessary.  the plotlines for each character, as well, are all identical.  Denoument, climax, falling action.  these all occur in symphonic unison, which is further illustrated by brilliant editing, scoring, and a kind of titling of chapters.<BR>  Performance: Anderson provokes electric, powerful performances from the entire cast.  Here, there are no weak links.  Cruise is relevatory.  Moore is tragically woeful.  Reilly is quietly powerful.  Macy is painfully familiar.  And the lesser-seen characters are fully-developed.  <BR>   Theme: the film spans roughly five different general themes, exploring regret, forgiveness, the limits of the human heart, hope, fear, and, most alarmingly presented, divine intervention.  Oh yes.  And, dare I say, the happy coincidences of life.<BR>    Over all, this is a stunning film.  It is obvious that all aspects of the film were fully thought out.  No line, no camera shot, no character exists without a solid, thematic, plot-driven purpose.  And that, my friends, is true theatrical cinema.<BR>     Oh, also, some balk that that music is overwhelming.  No kidding.  That's the point.
B00005JMTQ|4.0|This is a fantastic movie. There were superb performances by Jack Nicholson, Dianne Keaton, as well as Keanu Reeves and Amanda Peet. The main reason I love this movie is its preparedness to deal with the difficult, seldom tackled issue of middle age sexuality, in particular female sexuality. Keaton did extremely well in her funny display of extreme mood swings after having experienced love followed quickly by grief when rejected by Nicholson. I could sense profound joy and pain in her character beneath the hysterical overlay. She was very sensual when she had the intimacy with the much younger gorgeous Reeves. It was good to see a middle aged woman given permission to express her sexuality with a much younger man. Nicholson acts out the preference for much younger women that many middle aged men fantasize. He did really well with the conflict he had between continuing in his comfort zone of pursuing younger women and facing the difficult issues of commitment, ageing and having a partner of his age group. The ending is a bit disappointing in that it is too neat and conforming, and somewhat undoes the challenges raised in this film. I guess I can't be too critical because it is a romantic comedy, and you have to make sure that the audience is comfortable and not to have to deal with issues that are too confronting. You have done well Nancy Meyers!
B0000TB01Y|4.0|The first time I listened to this soundtrack, I didn't think I was going to like this musical.  But now, after playing it a few times, I absolutely LOVE it...so much so that I ran out and bought the book that inspired this musical. The Gregory Maguire novel is very entertaining, although a bit tedious at times.<br />Kristin Chenoweth and Idina Menzel are simply fabulous!  While I don't particularly care for the opening and closing songs, there are some very good pieces on this soundtrack.  My favorites include: Popular, I'm Not That Girl and For Good.  I also really like The Wizard and I, Wonderful and Dancing Through Life.  <br />As I read the book, I find myself becoming much more understanding of this unique story.  I can't wait to see this show on Broadway next month!  <br />I buy a lot of showtune CDs and this one will not disappoint the muscial theatre lover.
B00008J4P5|1.0|Mostly because they suck seriously what band doesn't have a bass player and im not just saying this caause im a bassist cause im not, but maybe that is why they sound so horrible you know what I mean I cant believe that they are a popular mainstream band because there are so many more bands out there that are way better and no one has ever even heard of them for example if u dont like this cd make sure to check out northstar~is this thing loaded that is a great cd deffinitly worth listening to and even if u like this cd i dont no what is wrong with you then but you should still check out northstar, because they are just one of those bands that everyone can love, no matter what type of music u like
B00004I9VE|1.0|THIS CD WILL NOT PLAY ON ANY STANDARD CD PLAYER!  My husband ordered this, not knowing that a SACD will NOT play on a regular CD player, and so we had to eat the restocking fee.  Just be aware of this so you don't think this is a regular CD.
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|I love this CD and yes, it does make me happy.  Whenever I'm dreary or unhappy with work, I like to throw this CD in and listen to all of it's great tracks.  It actually makes me feel better.<br />I've always loved the Beach Boy's &quot;God Only Knows&quot;, and it is, actually, one of my favorite songs.  It was awesome to see it played at the end of the film.  What a perfect choice.  <BR>The other great song from the album is The Calling's &quot;Wherever You Will Go&quot;.  I enjoyed it  on my local alternative radio station and now that it's made an appearance in LOVE ACTUALLY I actually love it more.  What a great song.<br />All of this soundtrack is good listening.  And, it was cool to have added the bonus Christmas songs.  I love Billy Mack and his clever x-mas song.  What style!  Thanks for the great music memories.  <BR>If you loved the movie, the soundtrack's for you!
B00000IO4J|3.0|Robert Rodriquez(Director of The 3 Spy Kids movies, Desperado, El Mariachi, Once Upon A Time In Mexico and From Dusk Till Dawn) brings us into the lives of some high school students who find out that their teachers are from another planet, I mean literally. there's geeky Eljah Wood(Ash Wednesday, North), the bad boy Josh Hartnett(Hollywood Homicide, Blow Dry and The Faculty is his second motion ficture he stars in folks, for all you ladyfans out there), rebel girl Clea DuVall(Identity, 13 Conversations About The Same Thing), swimboy Shawn Hatosy(Outside Providence and Down To You), popular girl Jordana Brewster(the 60's), football player Usher Raymond(She's All That and Light IT Up) and the new girl(forgot her name but didnt forget that nude scene though). the teachers include Jon Stewart(Jay and Silent bob Strike Back), Bebe Neuwirth(Tv's Cheers and Fraiser), DAniel Von Bergen(Tv's Malcolm In The Middle), Robert Patrick(Tv's The X-Files, Eye See You), Famke Janssen(MAde and X-Men) and Salma Hayek(Desperado, Once Upon A Time In Mexico and From Dusk Till Dawn, I mean you name a Rodriquez movie she hasnt been in). some good performances, especially by Hartnett, Hatosy and Wood. good writing, but did we have to do that big alien thing at the end. I mean, jeez, but anyway it was a good ride and let me tell you Rodriquez knows how to give you a wild ride with his movies
B0000DJZA5|2.0|I was excited when I heard this was going to be released.  I hurried to the store on the Tuesday it was released to buy, and even more excited when I found out it was a 2 CD set!  I took the CD home and listened to it and when it was done with disc one I thought, &quot;is this all there is to it&quot;?  A bit disappointed, I was.  The second disc is basically throwaway stuff to snag consumers like me.  Other reviewers have mentioned the Rooftop Sessions.  Inclusion of those sessions would have made this collection GOLD.  Unfortunately with the #1s CD being so successful, the decision makers are probably saving Rooftop for another completely different disc.  How much money does Paul McCartney need?  Overall, &quot;Naked&quot; is for completes only.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|The movie tells the whole story. The whole point was to strip away the studio glaze and 'get back'. The movie was an intrusive failure and the tracks barely constituted an album without repeating, so what's to do?<BR>Well, you don't strip back the production just to call Phil Specter in ya dummies, but hey, what's done is done.<BR>As far as revisionism goes this is very good. Buy the original if you're a stickler or wanna complain, I prefer this over the original I think it at least sticks closer to the original vision of the project, which is ironic.<BR>And hey, is it just me or does anyone else see Paul just closing in Ringo in the board meetings now? &quot;Hey Ring, let's go back and shoot some new stuff for Magical Mystery Tour eh? It's an unrealised vision mate is'al, we can do it!&quot;<BR>Serves him right the bonus disk makes him out to be such a twit. &quot;Daddy's gone away is all, it's all were faced wi' isn't it? Daddy's gone away..&quot; No wonder John grabbed yoko and ran for the hills.<BR>The sound is quite nice as well, my wife likes it a lot too.<BR>Oh, and Hari Krishna George, we miss you.
B00005JKGV|5.0|Lost Highway has been available on DVD for a while now in Canada.  The problem is that some genius decided to release it solely in a pan and scan version.  As a result, for over the past year, copies of Lost Highway DVDs have been clogging the clearance bins of stores all across the country as true film fans (who else would buy anything by Lynch?) avoid this mutilated version of the film like the plague.  I can just picture what the various distributors are thinking: \\"Someone else already released Lost Highway and it didn't sell.  Obviously, nobody wants to buy it.\\"<br />In conclusion, I don't think we'll see a proper release of LH in North America until enough people raise enough of a stink.
B00005JLWN|2.0|Kurt Wimmer's vision of a city which has no feelings because feelings cause chaos and social unbalance, and so everyone takes an anti-feeling drug and remains under the control of \\"Father\\", is not a bad idea in a sort of \\"1984\\" or \\"Brave New World\\" fame (Hell let's even go one step further and include The Matrix there) and is certainly one we should be reminded about now and again, but Equilibrium never really does itself justice by the time the credits roll.<br />A lot of the movie is fun, but also contrived and certainly the idea of Gunkata (a martial arts with guns) is a great idea but sadly there is not enough of it done well to really warrant watching this movie for that alone. So what else is there? Well there is Christian Bale's Cleric character who is an advanced Gunkata professional and Father's last line of defence in snubbing out the resistance (anyone who stops taking their meds and feels) who decides to see what all the feeling fuss is about. After half an hour of seeing Bale let his emotions pour out across the screen, as he touches window panes with water running down them and then cries to himself, you just wish that he will whip out the guns sooner of later or go back to taking his meds. Unfortunately the vast amount of running time is in the weepy department.<br />Equilibrium simply fails because of a bad script and maybe a director who is a little inexperienced on this front (Wimmer is actually a screenplay writer and if his script is not good then what more can you say about the direction of the same?) and it shows. The film is not all bad and certainly is maybe worth viewing if there is nothing better to do, but does not live up to the hype or the great premise that it boasts. Even those who would give it credit as not being a Matrix-rip-off, and it isn't really... okay maybe just a tad... will still have to judge this film on its own merit. There are some good scenes but overall the movie is not a good one and certainly the \\"cause\\" for \\"freeing the feelers\\" is a little odd especially when they are mowing down the \\"non-feelers\\" by the truckload. I am not sure if Equilibrium really spent much time in Ethics 101.<br />The acting is not bad though but the ending is silly more than the great twist that it tries hard to pull off. The city of Equilibrium and the society itself looks good but does remind me of the lucas movie - THX 1138 (And THX 1138 is a far better movie). In short, more Gunkata, less weepiness and a better finish would have saved this one from going the wrong side of three stars.the feelers\\" is a little odd especially when they are mowing down the \\"non-feelers\\" by the truckload. I am not sure if Equilibrium really spent much time in Ethics 101.<br />The acting is not bad though but the ending is silly more than the great twist that it tries hard to pull off. The city of Equilibrium and the society itself looks good but does remind me of the lucas movie - THX 1138 (And THX 1138 is a far better movie). In short, more Gunkata, less weepiness and a better finish would have saved this one from going the wrong side of three stars.
B00005JM0B|3.0|This was a good movie to watch... once... especially if you saw the first two movie's...&amp; who hasn't... but it wasn't as good as the first two, &amp; I probably wouldn't buy it or even watch it again anytime soon.
B000055ZDT|5.0|sweet merciful crap this band is amazing. people say Kyuss were the saviors of stoner. although in their own right they ARE a great band &amp; they came first, electric wizard slays them plain &amp; simple. i don't smoke weed but i can still appreciate how amazing this is.
B0000041XX|3.0|I like each of the three tenors individually, particularly the underrated Carrerras.  What I don't like are these cutesy song fests for the laymen - &quot;Opera for Dummies&quot;.  And though several operatic arias are included, some may roll their eyes at the sight of &quot;Maria&quot; under the Classical section.  Indeed, the pronunciation of the words of that song is so hilarious I can't help but chuckle whenever it starts - almost like a German translating English for Italian  tourists. <br />The setting was magnificent and the television special rated five stars for having the verve to actually carry forth with the project.  The attempt is made to recreate the visual landscape on the CD but, of course, it can only do this by inference.  The program was, of course, designed for the current American audience - impatient, short attention span, needing constant entertainment value - and this may explain some of the strange, abbreviated selections. Mehta is the fourth star, supporting and emphasizing the respective tenor without exception.  Some of the arias are gorgeous.
B000000OQF|5.0|No true hard rock fan could not appreciate what Guns N Roses did. Their short career began with this amazing album that made all rock fans wake up and realize what rock was really about. Guns N Roses brought back the soul that had been missing in rock and added a kick-ass attitude that makes their music amazing. They are such a great band and certainly one of the greatest of all time. Buy this album and listen to every song, especially my favorite, Paradise City.
B00005JM02|3.0|This is a great kids movie well done in every way but one. I am not sure why but for some reason Disney decided to totally disrespect the Dolphin in this film. There are no Dolphin characters, and the only mention of the Dolphin, is in the context of a few sharks at a fish eating anonymous support group meeting, they are reciting how fish are not food, but fish are they're friends and then one say's &quot;except flipping Dolphins&quot;.The offending shark then goes on a diatribe about the Dolphin, &quot;oh look at me i'm a flipping dolphin hehehe look at me do a flip aren't i cute&quot; yadda yadda yadda more Dolphin dissin'. Anyway this is interesting because in all of it's politically correct glory Disney somehow manages to create a ultra cutting edge (strictly form a graphics perspective) movie, a movie that will be a vehicle for Billions of dollars in retail sales for the movies characters for years to come. I have no idea why but I am sure for a very good reason the decision was made to leave out the cause d'celebre of the sea the Dolphin, perhaps they feel there is enough public awareness regarding the plight of the Dolphin and the destruction of it's habitat as well as the trapping of Dolphins in the net's of tuna fishermen. Whatever the reason it clearly was not an oversight and the decison was deliberatley made to not have a Dolphin character in the film. Interestingly the seagulls in this film are given rather harsh treatment as well although it is in the spirit of fun, at least it's understandable to the extent that many view the seagull as a flying rat; therefore portraying them as unsavory moron's I guesss is understandable if not acceptable.
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zeppelin has become my favorite band of all time due in large part to this album. While Led Zeppelin III may be my favorite, this album is clearly a classic and is not overrated one bit. Every song is great and while some lyrics are a little strange as critics have pointed out, the music is fantastic and incredibly original. Stairway to Heaven is definately one of the best rock songs of all time and when it comes to ballads this one will always be number 1.
0385504209|3.0|The DaVinci Code by Dan Brown is a good read for those who like their protagonists wearing panties.  Robert Langdon, the protagonist, is a Harvard professor of symbols who is uncomfortable around guns.  He teaches art to prison convicts on the weekends.  And when he makes his get away, he makes it in a SmartCar that gets \\"[a] hundred kilometers to the liter.\\"  (However, he has to pull over to let his female counterpart drive because he can't operate a standard transmission vehicle).<br />  Mr. Langdon inhabits a strange world.  In his world, everyone seems to be a member of a mysterious secret society that is battling for the supremacy of their group's secret symbols.  The book's characters carry, protect and chase symbols across the globe because the power to control symbols is the power to control people like software controls a computer.<br />  Our world isn't the world of Mr. Langdon.  Symbols of power hold little currency in today's world.  Science has educated the world that the forces of nature are not controlled by symbols and magic, which has made science the enemy of people like the environmentalist Unabomber, who tried to stop 'technology' by mailing bombs to universities.  In addition, free and open societies undermine the need for secret societies.  If there can be an organization that publicly advocates the molestation of children (NAMBLA), why would any organization need to be a secret society?<br />  The Da Vinci Code contains a grand conspiracy.  What kind of conspiracy might a panty-wearing professor from Harvard believe in?  Something along these lines:  Mother Earth has been destroyed by masculinity and this attack against femininity has been led by the Catholic Church.  According to Langdon, the Catholic Church is the enemy of humanity because it is the official representative of the masculine.  Langdon doesn't mention of the Virgin Mary and how she is part of this conspiracy of men.  Is the Catholic Church this powerful?  Are they that opposed to women?  Are they that impotent against a few flamboyant artists?<br />  This conspiracy began with the Roman Emperor Constantine.  Constantine pulled the lever from feminine to masculine and it has all been downhill since the fifth century, even though the book contradicts itself and says on the next page that the lever was pulled two thousand years ago.  The conspiracy actually suggests that when Constantine yanked the lever (so to speak) all the orthodox rabbis became men.  Does Langdon's assertion that Jews are controlled by the Vatican make this an anti-Semitic as well as an anti-Catholic novel?<br />  This conspiracy seems as Christo-centric as it is anti-Christian.  The conspiracy suggest that in geographical areas not controlled by the Church and before Christianity began the world was inhabited by a single people with a single mind and culture that  worshipped femininity.  What about brutal non-Christian societies like the Samurais, Rome, Egypt and the Aztec's with their human sacrifices.  The Church isn't the cause of all of the problems in the world.  As my anthropologist professor once said, the theory of ancient humans has gone from assuming cavemen were brutes to assuming they sat around sipping white wine.  Langdon adds that they were politically correct liberals as well.<br />  How does DaVinci fit in?  He's a homosexual who was opposed to the Church, according to Langdon.  DaVinci's famous Mona Lisa painting is a philosophical statement that makes the argument that the masculine and feminine forces in the world must be balanced, but in today's world the masculine force is in control.  Langdon, however doesn't seem interested in balancing feminine and masculine forces.<br />  Langdon wants a world where feminine forces are in control.  If feminine forces were put in control everyone would worship something called the sacred feminine and participate in public fornication ceremonies.  Langdon is not looking for balance.  He's just looking to get laid.<br />  This is a book in the code genre, which seems to be popular now, i.e. The Bible Code.  The prose is indistinguishable and the action doesn't pick up until the middle of the book.  This book tells a lot more than it shows.  Every action in the novel is stopped for a lecture on subjects ranging from pentagrams to cryptography and art.  The flashbacks may have a higher word count than the present day narrative, which takes place in Paris and London.  If this were a movie, the constant flashbacking would produce a film that looked like an editor splicing a documentary movie into an action film.  These little flashback lectures are the best part of the book and the little puzzles are clever, even if their power to suspend disbelief is weak.  If you read the novel as a brief educational course on symbols or are a member of the Priory of Sion, KKK or other anti-catholic organization you may enjoy this book.ust looking to get laid.  <br />     This is a book in the code genre, which seems to be popular now, i.e. The Bible Code.  The prose is indistinguishable and the action doesn't pick up until the middle of the book.  This book tells a lot more than it shows.  Every action in the novel is stopped for a lecture on subjects ranging from pentagrams to cryptography and art.  The flashbacks may have a higher word count than the present day narrative, which takes place in Paris and London.  If this were a movie, the constant flashbacking would produce a film that looked like an editor splicing a documentary movie into an action film.  These little flashback lectures are the best part of the book and the little puzzles are clever, even if their power to suspend disbelief is weak.  If you read the novel as a brief educational course on symbols or are a member of the Priory of Sion, KKK or other anti-catholic organization you may enjoy this book.
B00008H2LB|3.0|While Linkin Park may be a relatively successful nu rock band and is a tolerable lesser of many evils in post-metal music, this album certainly is not great. The songs eventually become a blur of the same constant raspy scream, lack of guitar and rhythm talent, and rap that no true rock fan wants to hear. I'm sick of people claiming that they are the greatest because there are current bands out there with more talent and with better songs but no one will ever beat the true rock bands like Led Zeppelin, Guns N Roses, AC/DC, Van Halen, etc.
B00008D1NF|5.0|Could it be that Monte, Brown and Antunes have just released the most uplifting music album ever ? Well , maybe not ever but certaintly one of the best ones of the last few years . Rarely has so much groove and positive energy been put into one record . There's some first class chemistry between Monte's tender vocals and Antunes' solid , warm voice . From the perfect first single &quot; Ja sei namorar &quot; to the hypnotic , latin folk of &quot; Vehla Infancia &quot; everything here shines and flows naturally . What's most important though about &quot; Tribalistas &quot; is that it can win any listener almost immediately . It doesn't matter if he is coming from Greece , China  or the US - it brakes boundaries so easily and that's the magic of music anyway if you ask me ...
B00005JMFR|1.0|We waited this long for this? A movie that not only does not make a heap of sense but is a major let down in the most profound sense of the word. Its seems to me that the Wachowski Brothers only concentrated on the special effects but forgot about writing a compelling plot to go with it. The mythology that made the first Matrix such a classic is thrown out for an incoherent cyber juke of a story that not only insults the legion of fans but makes them look stupid for waiting around for theses sequels. <br />The Wachowski Brothers should be a shame of themselves for ripping off the fans of the first movie.
B00005O3VC|1.0|Lame and predictable. Mind-numbingly boring. I can't even begin to explain how lame and corny this movie is.  Not funny AT ALL. Not one part.  If whiny british accents is your idea of comedy, then by all means.  Funniest movie of all time?  Jeff Shannon must be on some sort of PCP because the whole dialogue is extremely lame and pointless.  \\"I'll ask you three questions.  What is your name?  What is your quest?  What is your favorite color?  (Next guy comes).  What is your name?  What is your favorite color?  What is the capital of Arcadia? (or some stupid name of a country)\\".  Gee, who the hell didn't see that coming?  Hilarity ensues.  Not quite.  A flying rabbit biting people's heads off.  Next.  The communist peasant approaches and is grabbed.  Soon we hear him scream HELP IM BEING REPRESSED!  Perhaps they were planning on introducing the punchline in a later release.  The guy pretending to ride a horse with the guy behind him clapping bowls together maybe was clever the first time.  Actually it wasn't.  By the the 20th time they did it I was ready to kill myself.  I know you people are thinking  \\"yeah well, you just didn't understand the spoof on the King arthur legend\\".  Oh, I understood it alright.  Just because a parody makes sense doesn't mean that it is funny.<br />Knights that go \\"Nee\\"?  Wow, that's clever.  I'm sure the creators of this movie were in a meeting thinking real hard about this one when the boss's son comes up with this cockbarf.  Let's have a scene where this group of idiotic knights scream \\"NEE\\" loudly and obnoxiously until the viewers brains are completely destroyed. This kind of humor is humor that you'll find in after-school TGIF sitcoms like Full House.  Who is going to laugh at garbage like this? I sure as hell won't which is promptly why I threw a boulder at my television and punched some guy sitting next to me.  I'd rather be shot in the face with projectile diarrhea then watch any parts of this movie again.  As you can see I've bashed this movie pretty good and although it is well deserved, I think it's pretty safe to say I'll be hit with a lot of non-helpful votes.  Good day to you all.this movie pretty good and although it is well deserved, I think it's pretty safe to say I'll be hit with a lot of non-helpful votes.  Good day to you all.
B00005JKN9|3.0|Martin Scorsese rendering of Old New York is no where near as memorable or as classy as his other fantastic films but the great and memorable performance of Daniel Day-Lewis makes this film better than it really deserves. His performance is a classic, and you are just floored by him every time he is on the screen. He is only reason that the movie gets the respect it gets because with out him, this would have been Martin Scorsese fall from grace. It was a real crime that he did not win the Oscar, and if you see this film, you will know why. This is big come down of what Scorsese has done before but its Daniel Day-Lewis finest hour as an actor.
B0000E1ALR|5.0|The two-and-a-half hours of music on the first two discs touch all of the bases from &quot;Blinded by the Light&quot; from Springsteen's 1973 debut through &quot;Lonesome Day&quot; from 2002's THE RISING.  In between is nearly every key single and album track covering a 30-year career from an artist who's managed to remain relevant in an industry littered with pretenders, poseurs and wannabes.<br />This collection provides the causal fan with a detailed overview of Springsteen's influence, but what makes this a treasure for the serious fan is the 47 minutes of rarities found on the third disc. There's the rousing version of &quot;From Small Things (Big Things One Day Come)&quot; (which Springsteen gave to Dave Edmunds for his D.E. 7TH album). &quot;The Big Payback &quot; is a terrific rockabilly song cut shortly after NEBRASKA.  &quot;Held Up Without a Gun&quot; is a supercharged (albeit short at 1:18) live rocker.  There's even a kick-ass version of &quot;Viva Las Vegas.&quot;<br />Each fan will have his own list of what he considers essential and complain about what's missing [Springsteen even acknowledges that in his liner notes], but this collection comes very close to being perfect.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
1592220053|5.0|Superb writing.  That's the name of the game for all of Martin's works that I have read (which, unfortunately, includes only the Song of Ice and Fire series and this collection of short stories).<br />First off, I am not usually a fan of science fiction.  I read a little when I was younger and was not very impressed by it.  I loved the Hitchhiker's Guide of the Galaxy, but I only read that recently and enjoyed it more for the writing than for the general atmosphere.  I picked up Tuf Voyaging from a used bookstore (I payed $1.75, but after reading it I decided I would have bought it for upwards of $20) only because it was by the author of A Song of Ice and Fire, and because it seemed to be of the same mold as Hitchhiker's.<br />From the time I started reading to the very end, I found myself enjoying the book immensely.  Each story could easily have stood alone and been amazing, which is good because when they were originally published they did stand alone, but when they're put together it flows seamlessly.  Admittedly, some stories were better than others (the second of the three S'uthlamese chronicles and A Beast for Norn were not quite as good as the others), but they were all thoroughly enjoyable regardless of the overall quality.<br />I recently picked up Nightflyers, an even earlier collection of Martin's writings of yet a different genre, and I expect to enjoy it just as much, even though I wouldn't think of reading sci-fi horror by any other author.
B00000ILDE|5.0|What can I say that hasn't been said before about this film? I remember that I was scared as hell when I saw this movie in the theater, and I had nightmares for a week after that. Even today this movie stand the test of time. Overall: EXCELLENT!!!!!!!
B00003CXGG|5.0|This movie is perfect for what it tried and succeeded to achieve: Kung Fu Hip Hop.  It doens't pretend to be more than what it is. It's loaded with well cheograped fight scenes curtesy of Cory Yuen, that's both inventive and unique.  Imagine, kung fu touch football, a flying firehose, Jet Li puppeteering Aliyah to kick Francois Yip's rear end, and a whole lot of stuff thrown in.  Although the plot can be virtually ignored like background music for the martial arts, it is essential in keeping the movie flowing.  And the supporting cast is very A list, like Delroy Lindo, Russell Wong and Anthony Anderson  who provides the comic relief.  Ofcourse everyone will agree that the pairing of Li and Aliyah is impecable.  They share such a sweet and innocent chemistry that it shows thru each time they are on screen together.  The DVD extras does show evidence that they got along very well off screen and shared mutual admiration.  Li even did a cameo on Aliyah music video.  The DVD is really worth owning because it is the kind of movie that you can watch again and again when you are in the mood for it.  All along you can't help but feel terrible about Aliyah's sudden death.  How sad! Buy the DVD and consider it an homage to a pretty girl who could have had a really great acting career.
B000075BFK|5.0|and awesome! This 2 disk album, is really some thing. It is awesome. Everything about it. Beats, ryhmes,hooks, i mean everything. As 2Pac's 2nd best cd, this is a 10 out of 10
B000059QY3|5.0|In the La Traviata stakes, Sir Georg Solti &amp; Angela Gheorghiu wins hands down!! Solti's conducting is full of special insights into Verdi that I've never heard before. Gheorghiu's glorious soprano is fabulous!! She has some vocal flaws, namely, a tendency to go sharp at the top, but her performance is so fantastic that this is just nitpicking. I would exchange all the other performances with perfect notes for Gheorghiu's incredible Violetta.
B00005AQF7|5.0|Awesome! This has to be the best muther f*cking debut in the world! A really cool hits cd Cool Tracks like Gin And Juice'Who Am I this is a really cool Cd Buy It If U don't Have it
B000068UXF|5.0|Not only is is the only Die Frau Ohne Schatten available on DVD, it is absolutely complete!! There are no cuts whatsoever. This really puts CD sets like Sinopoli to shame since they could have just patched in the cut sections from the 'live' performance. We owe it to Solti to show the world that Strauss' Die Frau can be performed uncut (unlike say Elektra which probably could not since Elektra is too taxing a role).<br />A great supplement to Solti's even better CD performance featuring Domingo, Behnrens, Varady and Van Dam.
B000002WPI|5.0|Awesome cd, great beats really cool. Here is my rating of each track, from 1-5<br />Track 1 - 5<BR>Track 2 - 4<BR>Track 3 - 5<BR>Track 4 - 5<BR>Track 5 - 5<BR>Track 6 - 5<BR>Track 7 - 4<BR>Track 8 - 5+<BR>Track 9 - 5+<BR>Track 10 - 5<BR>Track 11 - 3<BR>Track 12 - 5
B00008DDHZ|5.0|I just viewed my copy of Bloody Sunday and I was stunned. This is, quite simply, a tremendous film that portrays a day of absolute horrow in a way that captures the emotion and stays true to the factual accounts of what happened. It certainly does make the British forces look bad, but it should. The facts speak to unreal over-aggression by the British military that day and any true to life account needs to show what actually happened. Throughout the course of the film, you watch the development of this day from both sides. You are witness to those searching for civil rights in Northern Ireland and their efforts to organize a peaceful march in Derry. You are also witness to the British government and military forces, who expect a conflict and vigorously prepare for one. Finally, the film reaches its climax when the British military fires on those in the civil rights march and continues to engage them, killing 13 and wounding 14 more. Bloody Sunday is one of those days that needs to be remembered in vivid detail....not only so that justice can be served for the killing of innocent Irish citizens...but so an attrocity such as this never occurs again. It is a worthwhile subject, a stunning film, and one which I would strongly recommend to anyone out there looking for some good, quality viewing...especially those of Irish heritage.
B00005AQGH|5.0|Makaveli's (2Pac's) 7 Day Theory is one of 2Pac's greatest albumz. Including hits like Hail Mary or To Live And Die In L.A. this is a must have klazzic.
B0000035E7|3.0|Well, one thing I can confidently say about Bleach is that it is pure Nirvana. Without the glossiness of Nevermind, or the intentional muddiness of In Utero, I believe Bleach is Nirvana the way they were meant to be. Bleach is stripped-down garage rock. No, it's not Punk either. And no, there is no Pop to be found. About a Girl on Bleach isn't poppy enough to be radio material, so it doesn't count. Whether you see that as good or bad, you decide. With that said, Bleach is, however, good for its intended audience. I liked it, but I'm not going to lie like 75% of the people here have; Bleach is nothing to get excited about, and chances are, you WILL be disappointed. What its specific audience is, I've no idea, but I do know there's a market for Bleach, and it's for whomever enjoys it, and not those who fake liking it just because it says &quot;Nirvana&quot; on it. And methinks many people here have been saying they like Bleach when reality is that they just wished their hardest that they actually could like it but don't. Many people have said Bleach takes time to grow on you. And to that I say this: If you're waiting for music to grow on you, you're trying to force yourself to like it when you actually don't. It's similar to a meat-lover trying to go vegetarian when they know in their hearts they can't live without those barbeque-slathered spare ribs they have every Friday night. Nevermind is that bucket of juicy spare ribs; it's meaty, there's a lot to chew on, and its production is slathered on thicker than Bullseye barbeque sauce. Bleach on the other hand, is like that tiny plate of vegetables; it's never as satisfying as the ribs, it doesn't sustain you for long, and the guitars are too crunchy. The glossiness of Nevermind and the intentional muddiness of In Utero were both inaccurate representations of Nirvana. Nevermind showed Nirvana in a light they never, ever were capable of being. All Nevermind songs were pieced together from the best takes, and EVERYTHING on there, from Dave's drums (can you believe Dave's drums were electronically-treated to make them sound more &quot;organic&quot;?), to Kurt's voice which was deemed too weak. Nevermind was all fluff and studio trickery. In Utero on the other hand portrayed Nirvana as nothing more than a disorganized mess due to Kurt wanting to alienate his Nevermind fans. Only the remixed HSB and All Apologies great offerings there. While Bleach isn't anything amazing, at least it's the way Nirvana were meant to be shown; as a very ambitious band that floundered in its own mediocrity. <br />Songs I liked (but not loved, but found charming, but loved the lyrics of)... <br />Scoff<BR>Big Cheese<BR>Sifting<BR>Negative Creep<BR>Downer
B00005AQE8|5.0|2Pac is the best rapper ever, and this is his best CD this is the best cd ever. if u want a good cd collection then u must get this best song on it include 2 Of Amerikaz Most Wanted, All About U, and Cant C Me. but every  track is awesome, but those are the very best. this cd is a classic, a masterpeice, and a must have.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It's rather unfortunate that a TV series that has a better concept, scripts, and actors than 90% of the tripe that people pay $10 for at the theater was cancelled, but at least we can own it on DVD. Suffering from poor marketing and a poor timeslot, Fox decided to cancel Firefly after only 11 episodes, but this is one series that you shouldn't miss. I have shown the pilot to several friends who were unaware that this jewel existed, and each of them has rushed out to purchase the set. Hopefully this series is revitalized again by Fox or another network who is less enamored with schlock reality-TV and we can experience the continuation of this series!
B0000039QA|5.0|Nice! This cd is off the hook! nice beats really cool this is a must have cd has big hits like Mo Money Mo Problems and Hypnotize awesome MUST HAVE!
6302636779|4.0|It's a testament to the filmmakers that the scene in which  Sister Luke signs papers to leave the church has real gravity.<BR>The final shot sits on the fence, that is if to say &quot;you can walk in as well as out&quot;, but I found it too distracting. I kept thinking: &quot;You close doors behind you.&quot; Guess I'm not terribly spiritual, then.
B000005Z0G|5.0|The Greatest Of All Time is Back, and At His 3rd Best, i highly recommend this Cd Really Cool Songs On It Like I Get Around and Holler If Ya Hear Me this Is A Cool Cd
B00006EXDM|5.0|This two CD compilation still stands as the best representation of the Rolling Stones during their glory years. Even if you have no Stones albums, I'm sure you've heard several of these songs, namely \\"Satisfaction,\\" \\"Paint it Black,\\" or my personal favorite Stones song \\"Jumpin' Jack Flash.\\" It's all here. <br />There's no doubt that the years 1964 to 1971 were the best years for the Rolling Stones. Sure, they put out some great singles in the years since, and at least two killer records (Some Girls and Steel Wheels come to mind), but overall, the Stones were at their very best during this era. These songs are mostly arranged in chronological order, so you can easily see the Stones' transformation from bad boy Beatles rivals to a sharp, biting blues-rock band poised to conquer the world. By the second disk, the songs take on a much more noticeable complexity, such as the sitar parts in \\"Paint it Black\\" to the social commentary of \\"Sympathy For the Devil\\" and \\"Street Fighting Man,\\" all concluding with the brilliant \\"Brown Sugar\\" and \\"Wild Horses,\\" both of which were taken from the Sticky Fingers album, which I believe is one of the Stones' best. <br />Echoes of the band's Beatles rivalry are present in several of the early songs here, the similarity between the beat of \\"Get Off My Cloud\\" to that of \\"Twist and Shout\\" (even if the Beatles were covering the Isley Brothers), the Stones' answer to \\"Yesterday,\\" the acoustic song \\"As Tears Go By,\\" which also features a string quartet coming in around the second verse. Actually, though, the Stones wrote \\"Tears\\" a year before the Beatles did \\"Yesterday,\\" and gave it to Marianne Faithfull, who had a hit with it. After the Bealtes did their song, the Stones changed the arrangement and released their version. They weren't ripping off or anything; that was the game back then, you had to stay with current musical trends if you wanted to survive. That aside, the Stones' early stuff proved to influential in its own right; garage bands everywhere attempted to emulate songs like \\"Satisfaction.\\" The Stones were one of the leading bands of the British Invasion, and for good reason. Many of the songs on the first disc prove why.<br />On the second disk, we see the Stones shift gears, incorporating psychedelic elements into their work (again, the sitar in \\"Paint it Black\\"), and shortly after going back to their rootsy sound that they would largely stick with for the rest of their career. <br />Most of my favorite cuts are from the second disk, although I do like early songs such as \\"Mother's Little Helper\\" and \\"Play With Fire.\\" I would have liked to have seen \\"The Last Time,\\" \\"Stray Cat Blues,\\" and the Bo Diddley-Buddy Holly pastiche \\"Not Fade Away\\" be included, because they were great songs, but overall, though, for anyone who is a newcomer to the Stones or just a casual fan (like I am), then this disk is really the best way to get started. Don't let the fact that this is a 2 disc CD scare you off...it's worth every penny. If you are interested in checking out the Stones, this won't dissapoint.
B000003B6J|5.0|This album is a classic. And even better, a must have classic. This is awesome, and if u don't have this then u better get it
B0000DJZ9T|4.0|The first thing you should know about Live 2003 is that it is not a conventional concert film. You don't have many wide shots or long shots where you can figure out exactly what a guitarist or drummer is doing. If you like how most concerts are filmed, this is probably not the disc for you. <BR>Live 2003 is edited more like a feature-length music video. So many shots are just fleeting glimpses of hands, of instruments, of heads bobbing. Lights cut through the frame at odd angles and are broken up by heads, hands, and instruments. Several shots have effects put on them (frame shake, etc.) -- or at least look like it. <BR>But if you take it more as an artistic complement to the music, it's great. If all you want is a &quot;you are there&quot; experience, you will not like this. But for me, the unconventionality of the approach really worked. It was entertaining and more visually interesting than the usual shots of four guys on stage with the occasional sweeping shot thrown in for variety. <BR>The sound is OK -- not awful, not the best I've heard either. The performance is pretty solid. But the visuals really make this disc interesting.<BR>Also fun is the road diary showing footage from all over, with a decent stretch in LA showing the Hollywood Bowl concert and the bassist poring through 45s at Amoeba. <BR>The visual approach won't work for everyone, but I really like it. And if you like Coldplay's previous albums, you'll like this one -- there's no real surprises in terms of sound or performance.
B00000055E|5.0|Just like every 2Pac, it sold as one of the best cds ever. Well, this is a awesome cd, a must have. This is a classic, and if u don't have it, then i think u should get it soon.
1563898586|4.0|This was a great comic, and I really enjoyed reading it. But I feel like the story suffered a bit. This is Moore's continuing exploration of the superhero, and he extends it to the beginning of the 20th century through the literature of the day. If we view this as a comic book of the 1900's, and I doubt that Moore and O'Neill were aiming for anything less, then I feel that it was a great success.<br />But it feels incomplete to me. It is inevitably a comic book: too much story being crammed into too few pages. The characters are fleshed out nicely in the limited space they're given, but they still feel a bit too one-dimensional. And the story is good, but like in the classic comics, it feels rushed.<br />If Moore had never written something like Watchmen, I'd probably have given this five stars without a second thought. But after raising the bar as he and his contemporaries have, it's become harder for me to handle the rhythm of the comic formula.
B000023VR6|5.0|real awesome cd, one of my favorites this will always be a classic Dr. Dre is amazing this cd is amazing
0634049011|5.0|If you are a guitarist, beginner or advanced, this book will take your playing to another level. In addition to being easy to read (with a little humor thrown in), it may reinvent the way you think about the fretboard. If you are a guitar teacher, it will be an invaluable tool for your students. I've been playing for 16 years, and this book helped get me off the plateau I've been on for a long time. I plan on buying more of this guy's books.
B00004T9UF|5.0|1. PSA 200 Don't Rate Skits<br />2. Kill You (9.5/10)<br />3. Stan f/ Dido (10/10)<br />4. Paul skit<br />5. Who Knew (8/10)<br />6. Steve Berman skit<br />7. The Way I Am (10/10)<br />8. The Real Slim Shady (10/10)<br />9. Remember Me? f/ RBX, Sticky  Fingaz (10/10)<br />10. I'm Back (9/10)<br />11. Marshall Mathers (10/10)<br />12. Ken Kaniff skit<br />13. Drug Ballad (10/10)<br />14. Amityville f/ Bizzare (10/10)<br />15. B Please II f/ Dr.Dre, Xzibit, Snoop Dogg,Nate Dogg (10/10)<br />16. Kim (9/10)<br />17. Under The Influence f/ D-12 (10/10)<br />18. Criminal (10/10)
B00006F7S4|5.0|There's no telling how a horrific artist like Beck could come up with one of the most awesome albums out there, so just accept it for what it is... an orgy of sublime agony that somehow sprung from the train wreck people call Beck.
B000005Z0E|5.0|This debut is awesome, this is one of the best cds in the world, so awesome, this is a must have cd
B00005JM9C|3.0|Honey (Alba) is raised in slum New York, where her mother runs a center to give kids a safe place to be that keeps them off the street and gives them constructive ways to channel their energy.  Honey teaches dance at the center by day and works at a dance club by night, hangin' wit her homegirls and practicin' her moves.  By chance she is discovered by the owner of a studio who produces music videos and he gives her a job choreographing, which is her dream come true, careerwise.  But when he tries to pressure her to sleep with him and she refuses, she loses her job and disappoints a group of young kids from the 'hood she has promoted for the latest video.<br />But Honey has vision and fortitude.  She has previously committed to opening a dance studio for inner city youth, and presses through with a commitment to see that come to pass whatever it takes.  With the help of her boyfriend and providence the dream is realized.<br />The most cool thing about this movie to me is that Honey was raised with the example of helping disadvantaged kids - modeled by her mother - and she takes her God given talent and takes it to the next level, in spite of obstacles that stand in her way.  The most powerful obstacle is her mother, who would like to see Honey get out of the 'hood.<br />This is a powerful movie that is very inspiring.
B000099T2L|3.0|This cd is o.k. the songs r way too overplayed though
0385504209|1.0|I bought this book out of curiosity since so many Americans have or are reading the book.  Who wants to be left out?  When I opened the book, I was unaware of the hubbub it has created in the U.S.  However, from the start, I had to force myself to read on.  I was too aware of the many italics thrown on every page, and the storyboard format.  In addition, rather than developing his characters, the setting, the narrative suspense, I was constantly being lectured by someone so much more &quot;knowledgeable&quot;.  Very condescending!  And I was constantly asking myself, are his facts accurate?  Suspicion came already in his descriptions of Paris: Gare Saint Lazare to go to Lille (it is the Gare du Nord) and the Bois de Boulogne is not a forest but woods and not entirely sinister, filled with prostitutes.  He does give interesting facts, PHI, the blade and chalice but all have the flavor of hocus-pocus.  His historical sidetracks only tried my patience, it seemed like padding on to a contrived story.  A couple of positive points, the book does encourage discussion and perhaps even motivate Americans to rediscover Paris and France.
B00002SWEM|4.0|The film captures the live peformance of the wonderful musicians that were featured on the CD. From this perspective it is well worth owning. The ability to see Compay Segundo and Eliades ochoa perform Chan Chan live ,for example, is incredible.<br />The documentary style and the scenes of streetlife in Havana are also very colorful and entertaining,<br />However I must agree with some of the other reviewers that there is something off about Ry Cooder. I respect him for bringing this wonderful music and these artists the recognition they deserve but his attititude on film does seem strange and his guitar playing does not fit with some of the tunes. At one point he is performing with Rueben Gonzalez , the great Cuban pianist, and he sounds so out of place. In fact Gonzalez looks up from the keyboard with a look on his face that seemed to me to be saying.&quot;what are you doing?&quot;<br />I guess Cooder might have made the choice to let the music of Cuba speak for itself and just be content to film it but he chose instead to feature himself too frequently for my taste.<br />That aside , this is still a fine documentary and a must for anyone who enjoys latin music.
0140277447|1.0|Reading Miguel B. Llora's review, now I understand the reason why America accused this China's forged crime and took it into the court of Tokyo Trial.<br />America intended to offset her crime of dropping atomic bombs by producing &quot;Nanking Massacre&quot;.<br />Americans, do you know 100,000 civilians were killed by US air raid on Tokyo Mar10 1945? 100,000 civilians were killed in 2 and half hours!<BR>America has made the air raids on over 100 Japanese cities and continued killing civilians up to 500,000. The most famous ones happened in August. The US atomic bombs killed 140,000 civilians in Hiroshima and 70,000 civilians in Nagasaki.<br />Do you know 200,000 Japanese women were raped by Americans in their occupation of Japan after WW2? Don't forget, never!
B00005JMCT|5.0|Oh my God - I watched this last night and could not stop laughing! It's a great comedy! This is the best of the American Pie series. in my opinion. Only one problem. There was one scene that was so disgusting I was gagging. I had to fast forward through it. But otherwise, no complaints!
B00005JCCE|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Not only it is funny, but also very inspiring.<BR>I am studying medicine and I see myself in Patch Adams. It always tears me apart when I here that we are supposed to behave like heartless machines. Patients sometimes need a friend more than a doctor. &quot;We must learn to treat the patient as well as the disease&quot;; &quot;Our job is improving the quality of life, not just delaying death&quot; are some of the ideas I had already thought about before watching this.<BR>And relax all of you: the fact that a doctor is much friendlier than usual doesn't necessarily mean he is less competent.
0780628551|1.0|this movie builds up, then never really makes it.  you leave hungering for more and they dont give us any.
0679745653|3.0|The character of Holly Golightly is well known to many from Audrey Hepburn's portrayal of her on film. (I have not seen the movie, but I suspect from what I know of it that its tone and storyline differ markedly from that of the novella.) Holly, a \\"lopsided romantic\\" in the author's words, is a charming but self-involved, irresponsible, and sometimes mean-spirited young woman with a murkily unpleasant past. She attracts wealthy men to her easily and, in some vague way, makes her living from them. Among those who fall in love with her is the narrator of the book, a neighbor whom she calls \\"Fred\\"--her brother's name. \\"Fred,\\" prompted by the report that she may be in Africa, writes about Holly years after his acquaintance with her has ended. His story suggests that she has managed to charm a new continent-load of men and to land on her feet again, cat-like.<br /><br />Reviewed by Debra Hamel, author of Trying Neaira: The True Story of a Courtesan's Scandalous Life in Ancient Greece
B00005JMTN|5.0|I've been a really big Tim Burton fan for a very long time. I love all his movies. Before I hit the theater, I know the movie was going to be a father and son one.....,but a weird one. The imagination of Tim Burton has been captured on film for all his films. The way he makes the movie all dark, and just....amazing at the same time is amazing. He is like one of my favorite director of all time, Better than Spielberg. This is a father and son movie and I would understand if someone cried during the film. I felt like crying. This is like the first really great fairy tale in year's...!!! What surprised me the most is that Rogert Ebert hated this film. As which Richard Roeper liked it. I guess Ebert got a little nuts since Siskels gone. Don't listen to Ebert, listen to Roeper.
B00000FYIL|1.0|I listened to this whole CD at a friend's house. Being a fan of Medieval/Renaissance music, I expected very much to enjoy this CD. I was extremely dissapointed. It was terribly dull. Nothing sounded unique at all, or had any kind of Renaissance flare to it. To be blunt, it bored the hell out of me. I definitely didn't notice this music at all even as I was watching the movie. It never captured my attention in any way. Now I know why it didn't. Its the same wishy washy theme to every romantic movie. I recommend the sountrack to &lt;i&gt;Elizabeth&lt;/i&gt; instead of this dull waste of time.
0609610570|4.0|As the book says &quot;putting an execution culture in place is hard, but losing it is easy&quot; - Bossidy put one in place at Honeywell and then retired in 1999. In 2001 they invited him back, because they'd lost it. I'd have liked to have understood more about what went wrong, and how to prevent a repetition.<br />There's great emphasis on facing reality, setting clear goals, and dealing with underperformers - a good message. <br />Under 'know your business' &amp; Strategy Reviews, I didn't see any emphasis on another aspect of reality - 'marketing hype'. I was once presented with a Business Plan for a Canadian subsidiary that projected to achieve 35% market penetration in 3-5 years. Turns out the Marketing team hadn't studied the demographic realities of Canada, and had simply re-used some US Statistics, and arbitrarily adapted them. That was a strong lesson they learned from me, and I'd have been well pleased to see something similar in here.
068981528X|5.0|As a kid, I loved wolves and hated the Three Little Pigs.  So this funny, wolf-friendly revision of the creepy old classic really tickles me!  It begins with Mama Wolf sending her doting pups off into the wide world with the warning: \\"Beware of the Big Bad Pig!\\"  Keeping Mama's message in mind, the trio decides to build a strong house for protection from the boorish boar.  The three fluffy, friendly, refined little wolves are never named, but I like to call them Frasier, Niles, and Daphne.  The pig, a burly bully of a construction-worker, could be named Brutus.  Safe in the yard of their new brick home, the little wolves play a spirited game of squash.  Suddenly the swaggering swine shows up!  In a reversal of the original tale, the Big Bad Pig pounds on the wolves' door and demands to come in, while they quaver, \\"Not by the hair on our chinny-chin-chins!\\"  Then, using his construction hardware, the pig destroys the brick house, and the wolves flee with their fluffy tails between their legs!  As the three little wolves build progressively massive fortresses, the big bad pig employs heavy ground-breaking and demolitions equipment to smash them to rubble.  At last, the little wolves have no materials left with which to build, except -- ah, but I'm not going to give away the surprise!  Let's just say, the ending is a lot sweeter than the original.  No one gets boiled alive or devoured, and the the classic adversaries even become friends.  Kids and parents will love the beautiful artwork and the silliness of the story, although the ending might seem just a bit too saccharine after all the destruction and mayhem.
B0000TG9E2|5.0|I really thought with all the new Disney Re-Releases that they would blow Alice in Wonderland off.  Let me tell you I am SO pleased that they didn't and even put allot of effort into it.  This is if not my favorite out of all the Disney movies, one of the best animated films ever for both kids and adults!  I DEFFINITLY reccomend to add this DVD to your collection to enjoy it from now till forever!
B0000C1733|2.0|Dear God, this is a load of crap. There's about 5, maybe 6 songs on here that are actually the \\"best of\\". Do yourself a favour, and buy  \\"What Hits\\" instead. It was everything before they turned into a wuss rock band.
B000093BDX|5.0|They say that there are two things you can always be sure of - death and taxes. Add a third, a new Beach Boys greatest hits album every year or so, and the list will be complete. The latest output, \\"Sounds Of Summer\\", is probably the best greatest hits collection that Capitol has released. It has mostly all of the classic singles. <br />For a collection of songs that can be played over and over again all summer long, \\"Sounds Of Summer\\". Whether its the sonic whirl of \\"I Get Around\\" or the romanticism of \\"Don't Worry Baby\\" or the conga beats of \\"Kokomo\\", \\"Sounds Of Summer\\" is as complete as you can get. On second thought, it may not be. For all the classic hits here, there are some really great songs that have been excluded from the collection. The following top 40 hits are missing:<br />\\"Little Saint Nick\\" (# 6)<BR>\\"The Warmth Of The Sun\\" (# 13)<BR>\\"The Man With All The Toys\\" (# 3)<BR>\\"The Little Girl I Once Knew\\" (# 20)<BR>\\"Caroline No\\" (# 32)<BR>\\"It's OK\\" (# 29)<br />And although they didn't crack the top 40, I would've like to have seen the following singles and b - sides included on the album:<br />\\"Surfin'\\"<BR>\\"Wendy\\"<BR>\\"Little Honda\\" <BR>\\"Please Let Me Wonder\\"<BR>\\"Kiss Me Baby\\"<BR>\\"You're So Good To Me\\"<BR>\\"Friends\\"<BR>\\"Little Bird\\" <BR>\\"Bluebirds Over The Mountain\\"<BR>\\"Breakaway\\"<BR>\\"Cottonfields\\"<BR>\\"Add Some Music To Your Day\\"<BR>\\"Forever\\"<BR>\\"Cool Cool Water\\"<BR>\\"Marcella\\"<BR>\\"Sail On  Sailor\\" \\"California\\"<BR>\\"Honkin' Down The Highway\\"<BR>\\"Peggy Sue\\"<BR>\\"Baby Blue\\"<BR>\\"Goin' On\\"<BR>\\"California Dreamin'\\"<br />Or even album tracks like:<br />\\"All Summer Long\\"<BR>\\"Here Today\\"<BR>\\"Vegetables\\"<BR>\\"I Went To Sleep\\"<BR>\\"Time To Get Alone\\"<BR>\\"The Trader\\"<BR>\\"The Night Was So Young\\"<br />Hopefully, Capitol will get their act together and release a compilation with about 3 discs of Beach Boys classics, including singles and popular album tracks. I am in the process of making one of my own, and have even typed an essay that I am thining of being formatted into a booklet. But until then, \\"Sounds Of Summer\\" will hold you over.
B00003CXCD|3.0|I thought the role Peck played was a jerk.<BR>As I was watching this movie, I remembered what Eliza from \\"My Fair Lady,\\" said: \\"The difference between a lady and a flower girl is not the way she behaves, but the way she is treated.\\"<BR>In my opinion, Roman Holiday presents a contrasting moral view to the above quote from Eliza (i.e. it's who she is that get the right treatment.)
B00005ABX0|4.0|After succumbing to the pressure of completing &quot;Smile&quot;, Brian Wilson shelved his unreleased masterpiece and released a hastily assembled mishmash entitled &quot;Smiley Smile&quot;, and results for it were mixed at best.<br />&quot;Smiley Smile&quot; starts out strong with &quot;Heroes And Villians&quot;, the last great Brian Wilson - produced single. Next comes my first sticking point. &quot;Vegetables&quot;, though catchy, features workman - like production and rediculous lyrics that Al Jardine spouts out flawlessly among Paul McCartney's carrot - chomping. Next comes the odd but good &quot;Fall Breaks And Back To Winter (W. Woodpecker Symphony)&quot;, followed by the laughably bad &quot;She's Goin' Bald&quot; features terrible vocals and is so awful that by the time you get to the really high &quot;sha -na - na&quot; part, you're hoping the album's already over. As for the rest of the album, &quot;Little Pad&quot; is a musical pot party, &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; really doesn't need any explanation (c'mon you know it's great), &quot;With Me Tonight&quot; features lovely harmonies, &quot;Gettin' Hungry&quot; is a nice rocker, &quot;Wonderful&quot; and &quot;Wind Chimes&quot; are pale imitations of the &quot;Smile&quot; version, and there isn't much to say about &quot;Whistle In&quot;.<br />The follow - up to &quot;Smiley Smile&quot;, &quot;Wild Honey&quot; is an excellent album featuring The Beach Boys doing R &amp; B - style music. It kicks off full - throttle with the title track, a sweltering rocker featuring a raucous Carl Wilson lead vocal. Following that is the R &amp; B thump of &quot;Aren't You Glad&quot; followed by a superb cover of Stevie Wonder's &quot;I Was Made To Love Her&quot; with a flawless Carl handling the lead. &quot;Country Air&quot; has beautiful harmonies, and &quot;A Thing Or Two&quot; is a nice ditty. The band then tears into the classic &quot;Darlin'&quot;. Featuring a hot Carl vocal and soulful horns, this song is truly a classic. Next comes &quot;I'd Love Just Once To See You&quot; (featuring a hilarious lyrical surprise on the tag, courtesy of Brian). After that comes the sensual groove of &quot;Here Comes The Night&quot;. Next is the eerie &quot;Let The Wind Blow&quot;. &quot;How She Boogalooed It&quot; follows and is very energetic with its speedy tempo. Next comes &quot;Mama Says&quot;, an outtake from the &quot;Smile&quot; version of &quot;Vegetables&quot; that has sweet harmonies.<br />There are a couple of bonus tracks added. First, there's an excellent alternate version of &quot;Heroes And Villians&quot; that features entirely different from the version that was released. Next coms some session highlights from the &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; sessions, followed by an alternate take of the song featuring Brian singing entirely different lyrics from ther version that was released. &quot;You're Welcome&quot; is nothing more than a chant. Next is the rel keeper. &quot;Their Hearts Were Full Of Spring&quot; is an old Four Freshmen song. This version is from rehearsals for a show in Hawaii, and the harmonies are so beautiful you'd think angels are singing it. Next comes the unreleased masterwork &quot;Can't Wait Too Long&quot;/Been Way Too Long&quot;. It is an absolutely brilliant piece of music that should be heard by every Beach Boys fan.<br />I suggest you go out and purchase this cd. It not among their best, but the music on here is ll very interesting and at some points, excellent. So make this the next Beach Boys album you purchase.
1400034779|4.0|Okay, I was not wow'd by this book, but found it to be a decent, more subtle read.  The main character is endearing, she doesn't flinch in any situation to stand up to whomever necessary and do what is morally right.  I think that because of that, you inevitably root for her.  It is also interesting that a man wrote this book from a woman's point of view and did do a pretty convincing job of it.  However, I was not so moved by the book that it made me want to go out and read all of the more recent books by that author, some featuring the same main character.  This was not a bad book that I regret reading, but it didn't really leave any lasting impressions or feelings with me either.
B00005ASHM|5.0|Is there anything about &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; that hasn't been said already ? It is already well established that to many rock historians that this the greatest album ever made. I am one of the many fans who agree that opinion. <br />This is truly The Beach Boys in their prime. Here's where you'll find two of the greatest singles of all time, &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; and &quot;God Only Knows&quot;; here's where you'll find its somewhat lesser but still masterful uber - twin &quot;Sloop John B&quot;. Here's the album that features such great tracks as &quot;Here Today&quot;, &quot;You Still Believe In Me&quot;, &quot;I Know There's An Answer&quot;, and the aching &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot;, not to mention the sad charm of Brian's yearning &quot;Caroline No&quot;. For an album of 100 percent pure rock with absolutely no filler, this is the album you want.<br />And there's a few new bonuses added to this disc. First, there's an incredibly thick booklet with rare photos and insightful liner notes by the great David Leaf. And there's a bonus track. &quot;Hang On To Your Ego&quot; is the original version of &quot;I Know There's An Answer&quot;. Then finally, after that, there's the entire album repeated again in stereo form, bring its total track number to 27. Not bad for an album that was originally less than an hour long.<br />The bottom line is that this is great album that should be cherished by young and old alike. And to get a more complete feel of Brian Wilson's genius, after you listen to the entire album, purchase &quot;The Pet Sounds Boxed Set&quot;, featuring over 100 tracks from the &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; sessions. The point is just buy it.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Viewers expecting a riotous, quick fire comedy as seemingly depicted in the trailers may be sorely disappointed as, save for a few scenes, it couldn't be more the opposite. Murray gives one of the performances of his career as a waning Hollywood Star having crossed the Pacific to make another hollow few million dollars before his star goes out altogether. Meanwhile Johanssen delivers a breakthrough performance as the fellow lost soul intrigued, bemused yet emotionally adrift amongst Tokyo's sea of people. The pair slowly spiral into each other's company and begin a platonic relationship as they come to terms with their own lives and direction through exploring the other's predicament. This is smouldering, slow-burn cinema full of subtlety and thoroughly unclassifiable. Love story? Comedy? To begin to pigeon-hole it is to diminish Copolla's understated masterpiece. The dialogue when it flows is careful and measured, yet the long silences often speak volumes with the chemistry between the pair against the vibrant background of the city. Emotive, endearing and thoroughly absorbing it's unlike any film you've seen.
B00006879E|5.0|I just bought this cd and i have yet to stop listing to it. Every song is good there is not one song i hate or can not stand. I would recomend this cd to anyone no matter what kind of music you listen to.
B00005JMFI|5.0|This movie was absolutely wonderful!  I took my 10 year old son and I laughed the whole way thru the movie - and I mean laugh - hold your side and really laugh - laugh!  It was the best afternoon I have spent at the movies in a long time.  It is very highly recommended.
0671027344|5.0|i loved this book. best book ever, enough said.
0345452577|2.0|I have read every one of Kellerman's books and also have multiple degrees in English. So why am I running to the dictionary every 3 pages? Scrofulous? Remora?  Come on......It detracts from the storyline and is pretentious.  Give me Alex Delaware and easy reading anytime.
B000060P79|1.0|simple plan is possibly the worst band i have ever heard...unoriginal and just plain crap that shouldnt be called music...just a comersial good.
B00006L90T|5.0|The video transfer on this Alpha Video release is surprisingly good. This film is essential to your film collection and if you are on a budget this is the one to get. No bells and whistles, but you can't beat it for under $8.
B000002UZ1|5.0|the beatles are the number one rock band ever to set foot on this planet, no questions asked.  Not even Jim Morrison or Robert Plant can put together so many kick ass albums like the beatles.  I can go through every beatles CD without changing one track, only repeating some.  Also, in my opinion, the later &quot;pyschodelic&quot;(lsd) beatles are even better than the awesome light love songs composed in the earlier years.  This CD includes most of the beatles great late hits and includes a good combinations of songs from Sgt Peppers, Magical Mystery Tour, White Album, Abbey Road, etc.  if you like rock buy all of the beatles CD's they don't disapoint
B0000AUHOH|4.0|Being a science fiction addict since the early Fifties, I bought many fantastic books (by Alfred E. Van Vogt, Philip K. Dick, Clifford Simak, Poul Anderson, Leigh Brackett, Cordwainer Smith, Asimov etc.) but saw only a few great films (Forbidden Planet, Quatermass Xperiment, Quatermass II... and, later, Star Wars II The Empire Strikes Back), and I didnt expect much when I went to see my first Star Trek movie, one night in a Bruxelles theater with nothing else to do; but Star Trek V happened to be a beautiful surprise.<BR>This was a superb space opera; it was fun, with great photography, and the characters had soul, intelligence, personality and a sense of humor. After seeing it I bought the entire series (at the time) on video, liked them but number V remained my favorite. How come the reviews here are so bad, and why putting such a blame on William Shatner? This man seems to be smart, he knows how to build a story and he is definitely a magnetic actor; he has a strong ego? Well, being talented as he is he can afford it. Jerry Lee Lewis, one of my rocknroll heroes, has the greatest ego of them all; who cares? Just listen to JLLs music, or just enjoy Star Trek V, this exciting movie, and ignore the gossips.<BR>PS: Besides, Jerry Lee is a wonderful man (I have not met William Shatner yet).
B000002HRE|3.0|This was the beginning of the end for Metallica, as far as my enjoyment of them goes.  There are a few saving graces here, &quot;Memory Remains,&quot; &quot;Devil's Dance,&quot; and &quot;Unforgiven 2&quot; and not even &quot;Unforgiven 2&quot; (an excuse to re-use a good riff).  <br />Then there's the middle of the album; can you name the songs?  Let me refresh your memory dude;<br />Better Than You<BR>Slither<BR>Carpe Diem Baby<BR>Bad Seed<BR>Where the Wild Things Are<BR>Prince Charming<br />Not exactly songs that will be remembered as genius Metallica tracks.  In fact, not exactly songs that will be remembered.  I can only remember a handful of lyrics, but I could play the riffs after just one or two listenings, they're that basic.<br />Then the last two songs; Attitude.  A song about rock n' roll losing it's crucial element, the attitude that set it apart.  This song couldn't be more ill-placed.  A song lamenting the loss of attitude on an album lacking exactly that?<br />Then there's Fixxer; which is the spitting image of a much better song, &quot;The Outlaw Torn.&quot;  The thing about &quot;Outlaw&quot; was that we had never heard that from Metallica before, and it out-dirged just about every other metal dirge written, and it made you want destroy everything.  Then &quot;Fixxxer&quot; comes along and tries to do the same thing; I guess nobody told them they had already done it.  The song is pretty much a failure.<br />All in all, I'd have to say this is the first real horror from the band called Metallica.  They avoided the fact that they were getting old and tired by releasing a double-cover album (only half of it is old stuff, the other half is covers of Blue Oyster Cult), and a double-live album with a symphony.  The problem here is that Metallica is a live band in and out, and they'll sound good live when they're 90.  The second horror is called &quot;Saint Anger&quot; which I do not own, nor do I plan on buying.  In fact, I kind of wish I had never bought &quot;Reload.&quot;
B00005JME0|5.0|I was surprised by Ashton Kutcher's performance.  The acting in this movie was not the extreme best, but it was definitely outstanding.  The storyline is suspenseful, sweet, original, and funny.  The ending was perfect.  I would not have wanted it to end any other way.
B000002H97|5.0|This is one intense album.  Yes, it's been played to death (so was &quot;Stairway to Heaven,&quot; does that make Led Zeppelin a sellout?  What about &quot;Start Me Up?&quot;  &quot;Free Fallin'?&quot;), but does that make Metallica a sellout?  No it doesn't.  The word &quot;sellout&quot; just doesn't apply to Metallica.<br />The songs were not like their usual thrash-style, nor was the sound, or the lyrics, or the song structure, or the production.  Does that make this a bad album full of bad songs?  No.  Does the album lack musicality?  No.  Does it lack the attitude that metal projects constantly?  No.<br />People forget that this album houses one of THE most heavy songs ever written - Sad But True.  Some hardcore losers might come out and say, &quot;What about Morbid Angel's 'Nothing is Not?'  Or Six Feet Under's 'Blood of the Insane?' or Samael's 'Shining Kingdom?'  Huh?  Huh?  Huh?&quot;  And then call Metallica p@$$y sellouts.  I don't think so.  Yes bands like Slayer, Samael, Impaled Nazarene, Deicide (Children of the Underworld), Cannibal Corpse, Morbid Angel (James Murphy-era) might write songs that are far and away heavier than a lot of Metallica's songs, but you can't deny that &quot;Sad But True&quot; is a benchmark of metal heaviness and raises some serious hairs on the back of your brain.  Keep in mind the other thing about Metallica that this album demonstrates, no matter how crappy the music gets, no one can match their power.<br />Then there are those that howl about &quot;Nothing Else Matters.&quot;  Once again, we hear moaning about how it was popular, teenie girls liked it, it's not heavy, it's not metal, it's not real, it's a sellout song, it's stupid, it's not Slayer, blah blah blah.  Does this mean it's a bad song?  No.<br />Some people talk about this album being the &quot;beginning of the end of Metallica.&quot;  The argument is that, again, it's not metal.  Most of those people are metal heads who have never heard of another genre, and areexactly the close-minded, unintelligent saps that they claim they are because of their &quot;different&quot; musical tastes (It doesn't work that way.  A lot of people listen to metal, death, black, grindcore, thrash, etc., and it doesn't make you unique just because you listen to metal.)  The thing is, &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; was unlike any other metal song we had heard, and this close-mindedness was not the kind of audience the song needed, even though it found an audience elsewhere.  What happens is that those people miss out on a great song and a great album.  That's essentially the problem; it's not the band, it's the ears listening to it.<br />Imagine if this album had been released by a brand new band; they would be instant metal gods.  But no, Metallica &quot;betrayed&quot; us.  No they didn't.  They made their music.  If you don't like it, go back to Cannibal Corpse, but don't open your mouth and claim to know good music because all you listen to is a &quot;unique&quot; style of music called metal.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|Seriously, I wasn't sure what to expect because I don't like it when people compare bands to Radiohead.  And they compare a lot, and then the bands never seem like Radiohead at all.  So I decided to listen to them as they are, no Radiohead influences.  Which is what it should be.  And my verdict is, they might have incoporated some Radiohead influences, but not too many.  The lyric writing is less cryptic, less left open to the viewer to say &quot;WTF&quot; and wonder at.  The lyrics are crystal clear basically, but they flow together quite well soundwise if you don't listen to the exact meaning.  I agree with another reviewer, that the lyrics may have been lacking in some areas.<BR>But Muse has definitely got it all for composing melodies and arrangement of guitars, synth, and various sounds.  In fact their melodies are infectiously catchy, and draw you in to want to listen to more.<BR>I believe I can say, their sound is rather grandiose and they are different.  They are veering for a different feel than their idols, and it's only good to come out of it.
B00005JLD4|4.0|Rabbit-Proof Fence    *A Counter-Racist Movie Review     This is a very interesting movie that takes place in Australia in the 1940s and 1950s. The movie is based on a true story that details how white people took non-white people (Aborigines) from their families and attempted to breed them into white people. The movie details the journey of three girls violently taken from their mothers and taken 1200 miles away to campus where white people had the admitted intention of breeding them into white people. White people referred to the children as \\"half-cast\\"...meaning non-white. But not must any non-white person...non-white people that are the product of white/non-white sexual intercourse.     The remarkable part of this movie for me was the determination of the oldest of the three girls, Molly, to get back home some 1200 miles away. They walked home. No food...no shoes...barely any clothes...these three little girls knew what should be and did what was necessary to make it happen. They met people along the way, white and non-white, and got the things they needed for the trip from them.     The white people in this movie were \\"in charge\\" of all of the non-white people (Aborigines) and they built a fence that went from the north to the south of Australia and from the east to the west of Australia. This was the fence Molly, Gracie, and Daisy followed all the way back home to Jigalong. White people said this fence was erected to separate the people from the rabbits brought over from \\"Europe\\" by white people that had gotten \\"out of control\\".    The dialog with Mr. Neville talking to white females and demonstrating in his presentation the necessity and process of not producing \\"another race\\" of people and his position was to have the \\"half-cast\\", meaning born of non-white person and white person...meaning non-white, \\"absorbed\\" into the white population. He goes on to say how to \\"breed out\\" the \\"Aborigine\\" (non-white) aspects of the person in less than four generations.See he never says train the \\"Aborigine\\" (non-white people) to function as white people. I suspect what he means by \\"absorbed into the white population\\" is that these non-white people (Aborigine) that will be bred to look like white people will still be functional inferiors. Take note of how they are being \\"trained\\" and what they are being \\"trained\\" to do. If he wanted the \\"Aborigine to function as a whhite person all he would need to do, I suspect, is to tell them why racism (white supremacy) is practiced and how racism (white supremacy) is practiced.    There is also a tracker that is the darkest non-white male in the movie. Talk about insanity...he has to track down little girls and boys that leave the \\"camp\\" and bring them back...even though his daughter is one of the little girls in the \\"camp\\". There is a non-white male in the camp to keep the non-white people in line and even a non-white little girl to keep the other non-white little girls in line. \\"In line\\" meaning force them to do what the white people want them to do.    The entire concept of a rabbit-proof fence is the same concept of white supremacy (racism) as a practical construct. Or is it?     I will not spoil the movie for you by telling you how it ends. Go get the DVD or rent it. It is a true story. You will not be disappointed.      Edward Williams
0062502182|5.0|I read this book when I was in Iran about 16 years of my age and, ...I grow up with this book, ... when I was following my dream, ...when I was happy or sad in every kind of mood, ...I thought that maybe in this life we have to live like a alchemist, buy this book and don't ever never your dream and your life and your love and your friends....
B00005JLT5|5.0|THE PIANIST is one of the best films that I've seen in a long time. The music, acting, cinematography and the superb direction of Roman Pulanski have all combined to make an extraordinary film. It's the true story of a Jewish pianist and takes place in Poland during World War II. Adrien Brody's performance in the part of Wladyslaw Szpilman was sensitive and believable.  <br />The story begins with Szpilman playing the piano on live radio as the Germans are bombing Warsaw.  Wladyslaw is so into his music that he continues to play even after the station's radio manager signals for him to stop. Thus begins the story of Hilter's war on Poland and the Jews living there.  The portrayal of the home life of the Szpilman family was intriguing.  It gave me a good idea of what it was like for them to live day to day under the increasing threat of Nazi violence towards the Jewish community. All of the Jewish families are made to wear arm bands and sent to live in one area that became known as the Warsaw Ghetto. Some Jews have permits to work outside the Ghetto. Wladyslaw is a radio star and has some influence. He obtains work permits for his family, hoping that would save them all, but it's too late.   Before his family can even use the permits, the Nazis begin to evacuate them from the Ghetto and load them into cattle cars to be sent to concentration camps.  Wladyslaw is standing with his family and just before they are loaded up, he's pulled off by a friend who's a Jewish policeman. He escapes from the Nazis, and spends the war years hiding in various buildings. He survived with the help of Christian friends and by his sheer tenacity. <br />Since Wladyslaw Szpilman wrote his memoirs shortly after the  war, his account is considered to be very accurate of what took place during those terrible years. I've visited Warsaw three times, and felt that THE PIANIST gave me the real feeling of that city.  I've seen many photographs of the ruins of Warsaw, and this film gave a clear idea of what was left after the bombing.  The Old Town has been rebuilt and its a monument to the dedication and hard work of the people of Poland
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Afterglow was worth the wait!  If you like Sarah, you will love this new cd.  Sarah is true to what she does best...songs filled with depth,passion and emotion.  The entire cd is one you'll want to listen to over and over.  I can't wait until her next release!
B00005JL78|5.0|Steven Spielberg's 2002 Minority Report, starring Tom Cruise, Colin Farrell, and Max Von Sidow, is a surprisingly engrossing science fiction/mystery/action film set in a future not very far away.  Based on a short story by Philip K. Dick (whose works have inspired such sci fi noir films as Ridley Scott's Bladerunner and Paul Verhoeven's Total Recall), Minority Report is one of those rare action movies that engages the mind while giving the audience an exciting \\"race the clock\\" chase in a futuristic Washington, D.C.<br />It is the year 2054, and the Nation's capital has been rendered homicide-free by an experimental police unit called the Precrime Department.  Since 2048, the year Lamar Burgess (Von Sidow) and Dr. Iris Hineman (Lois Smith) discovered that a trio of psychically gifted children could see murders before they were committed, Burgess has been the head of Precrime, and with the skills of career cops like John Anderton (Cruise), the murder rate in Washington has dropped to nearly zero.  Now, Burgess is on the verge of getting his vision of Precrime as a nation-wide entity.  After all, with the Precogs (as the trio of psychics is known), advanced surveilance technology, and a team of well-trained and motivated cops, murderers -- even crime-of-passion ones -- can be arrested and put behind bars and their would-be victims saved from shootings, stabbings, and drownings.  It is a flawless system, and with crime at an all-time high in the U.S., Precrime seems to be the perfect solution.<br />But as Anderton soon discovers, the Precrime concept is not without flaws...and the audience will also see that the relatively young and dedicated Precrime chief has his own weak spots.  His zeal for his job is fueled by the disappearance and apparent death of his son Sean, but that family tragedy has led to Anderton's use of drugs and a separation from his wife Lara (Kathryn Morris). And just as Precrime is about to go nationwide, he not only has to deal with the unwelcome presence of FBI agent Danny Witwer (Farrell), he suddenly finds himself on the run when the Precogs pre-visualize Anderton committing a murder -- 36 hours in the future.<br />Spielberg, working from a screenplay by Scott Frank and Jon Cohen, has made one of his best films in recent years.  He gives the audience a plausible vision of a future America where eye-scans (called \\"eye-dents\\") allow stores like The Gap (yes, there will still be malls and stores 50 years from now) to keep track of past purchases and give recommendations on future buys (sounds like the personalized stores on Amland), air cars and jet packs give cops unprecedented mobility, and lives can be saved by the combination of mind-powers and law enforcement.  And even though Minority Report is also a cautionary tale of the abuse of power, the corrosive effects of grief and revenge, Spielberg's themes of hope and love shine through in this riveting and sometimes chilling sci-fi/noir film.  Like Ridley Scott's Blade Runner, Minority Report is destined to be a classic of the genre.presence of FBI agent Danny Witwer (Farrell), he suddenly finds himself on the run when the Precogs pre-visualize Anderton committing a murder -- 36 hours in the future.<br />Spielberg, working from a screenplay by Scott Frank and Jon Cohen, has made one of his best films in recent years.  He gives the audience a plausible vision of a future America where eye-scans (called \\"eye-dents\\") allow stores like The Gap (yes, there will still be malls and stores 50 years from now) to keep track of past purchases and give recommendations on future buys (sounds like the personalized stores on Amland), air cars and jet packs give cops unprecedented mobility, and lives can be saved by the combination of mind-powers and law enforcement.  And even though Minority Report is also a cautionary tale of the abuse of power, the corrosive effects of grief and revenge, Spielberg's themes of hope and love shine through in this riveting and sometimes chilling sci-fi/noir film.  Like Ridley Scott's Blade Runner, Minority Report is destined to be a classic of the genre.
B000002C1W|1.0|Granted, David Gilmour's guitar was one of the keystones of the Pink Floyd sound, but it is difficult to deny that Roger Waters was the brain behind the band.  Before Waters took over, Pink Floyd was a niche, psychedelic band with very limited appeal.  Under Waters lead, the band became one of the most influential bands in history, both musically and philosophically.  With his departure, Pink Floyd permanently lost their reason.<br />More than any other Pink Floyd release, this CD clearly demonstrates the genius of Waters.  How else could one explain how shallow and meaningless the music became after his departure?  <br />As far as I can tell, it is only things that keep the latest incarnation of Pink Floyd (...) in the limelight are the reputation built by the Waters led version of the band and the ignorance of a new generation of poseurs.  Indeed, I know of no true Pink Floyd fans (i.e. those who understood and appreciated the depth of DSOTM, WYWH, and The Wall), who see this album and the current band as anything more than a meaningless shadow of the former.<br />On the other hand, although Waters's latest contributions certainly have the depth of golden age Pink Floyd, he has been unable to replicate or replace the impact of the former Pink Floyd sound.   Too bad.
B00003CXC6|4.0|This was a difficult movie to rate because the concept was excellent and well-presented but I felt the movie lacked a little to maintain the interest of the viewer from start to finish.  As such, I found myself looking and thinking ahead rather than focussing on the current scene on the screen.<br />This is an older movie which should be appreciated for what a masterful work it was in its' time.  It hasn't lost much during its' tenure but the texture of this black and white movie has seen better days.  The acting is very good and, to better appreciate it, I watched it in Japanese with sub-titles.  The DVD has other options for viewing including English dubbing.  I will probably look at that option the next time I view it.  <br />The story is simple yet complex.  There is a rape and murder in the countryside.  The story of what happened is related by four witnesses including, in a very impressive use of make-up, the deceased himself.  Everyone's story is slanted towards their role in the events.  The participants tend to see themselves as victims and so the truth looks different depending on who is telling the story.  This is the magnificence of the movie.<br />There are three persons who serve as a sort of narration and editorial team which helps give the movie greater impact.  The story begins in a poring rain with the story-line just as dismal.  It ends with the sun shinning and we are given a note of hope to finish up with.<br />In my line of work, I have become accustomed to hearing many a complaint.  I have learned (the hard way) not to pass judgement until I hear the other side (or in some cases &quot;sides&quot;) of the story.  Sometimes I get lied to but often the differences come from individual's perspectives of how they are affected by the events in question.  Some people feel themselves a victim in many cases.  Still other feel responsible for many things completely beyond their control.  &quot;Rashomon&quot; reminds us that all is not necessarily as itseems.  It is a short (88 minutes) but effective treatise on the subject.
B000001FDQ|5.0|Yngwie Malmsteen had quit the two bands before creating Rising Force with him as the main person. Malmsteen quickly recruited Jens Johansson (Keyboardist Phenomenon who is currently in a dying band Stratovarious), Barriemore Barlow (On the drums, whew this guy rocks!), Jeff Soto for vocals (Jeff Soto's voice isn't heard that much on this album but people don't really care as if you buy this album you should expect mostly an instrumental type of record) and Yngwie Malmsteen on the Acoustic, Electric AND Bass guitar. What in hells name does he NOT play? I'm beginning to this this genius not only create melodic fast pieces but he can also play them with lots of showmanship. Before Malmsteen started to try and commercialize his albums, Malmsteen had written his own lyrics...which upset Soto since he could not do much in that band. His raw and pure energy had been recorded in this album and I doubt anyone can find something as great as this album. Yes somehow this was the first album I had bought and I don't think I regret EVER buying this.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Actually I'd written a review about this CD a month ago trashing it with one star. I admit, I hadn't listened to the CD. This is exactly the problem Britney Spears undergoes today...People don't want to give her or her music a chance. Since I used to be a Britney hater, I can tell you why so many people hate her. She has a terrible voice yet she is so very successful and sells so much. People use this to say she sells because she's a sex symbol and she's a talentless thing plainly because they're jealous. Christina has a good voice and better lyrics but she still doesn't sell as much as Britney did so people believe Britney doesn't deserve to be successful. Believe me, Britney is very talented. Except the voice part, nobody could come with such genius tunes (yes, even her first three albums) and creativity is the main talent of a singer. It come before the voice and Britney's creative tunes make up for her poor voice.<BR>You ought to give this CD a chance before slamming it down like I had. I gave it a chance and discovered a new talented artist behind the 'fake' woman. I bought her old CDs too and loved them too. I don't mind her working with Max Martin and I can't understand why people hate him so much. Eitheer way, her songs are good and In the Zone is a great collection of songs which I highly recommend to anyone except people aged below 12.
B00005Y6YB|5.0|For 'Incomplete' in Pennsylvania. When you take all the commercials out of an 8 hour mini-series you get 6 hours of actual running time. Let's see that's 15 minutes of commercials per hour of tv. Hmm .25 X 8 er ahhm comes out to about 2 hours.<br />Now that that's out of my system. This is an excellent example of the cinematic arts. The characters, the story are all woven into a grand tapestry which defies one to sit through it only once. I have seen this movie compared to Lord of the Rings and in breadth and scope I would have to agree.<br />A superb addition to any video collection.
068484267X|5.0|I have friends who found it impossible to finish Angela's Ashes because they found it relentlessly depressing with its heavy themes of aching poverty, absent drunken loving father and long-suffering mother - classic themes, it seems, in Irish literature.<BR>But in spite of the truth of those parts of the story, it's impossible to finish this book without feeling a sense of triumph for the human spirit, even when surrounded by the realities of McCourt's Irish childhood and young adolescence.<BR>It works, I think, because he writes the entire book in the child's voice - not an easy task to pull off, but he succeeded. And a child, of course, doesn't have much against which to hold up his own life; it's all he knows. So McCourt never comes across as sounding whiney, bitter, jealous, or put-upon.<BR>Scene after hilarious scene is interspersed with real heartbreaking and harrowing and demeaning eqisodes, but the overall feeling I was left with was joy.
0783225733|5.0|Apollo 13 is a rare combination. Good acting, quality direction, a compelling story, and rich DVD. Tom Hanks nearly won his third consecutive Oscar for this effort, and very deservedly so. Even with the movie's foregone conclusion (it IS a historical film) Ron Howard manages to keep tremendous tension in tightly strung film. Overall, Apollo 13 is a tremendously entertaining movie that performs the unique effort of keeping historical faithfulness, personal interest, and the big picture all in razor sharp focus.<br />This DVD continues in the path of the original film, carrying a ton of rich information. By far the most interesting feature of the movie is the commentary track by Jim and Marilyn Lovell. Jim Lovell, besides having an excellent memory of the events depicted, clearly has a tremendous appreciation for the moviemaking process. When he points out the differences between the film and what actually happened, he also does a fine job of exlpaining WHY the change was made in way that makes you feel comfortable with the whole film. The Lovells also have a tremendous appreciation for Tom Hanks, pointing many of the small gestures, turns of phrases, and other idiosyncracies of Jim Lovell that he picked up and blended into his performance. This is one of the best commentary tracks on any film.<br />The documentaries showing the experiences of the actors, the research involved, and the details of the actual events provide a rich and informative backdrop for the movie. Considering this DVD was released before Hollywood really got the hang of what people wanted in special editions, this is an incredible DVD. A definite purchase for fans of the movie or space exploration.
B00004STUL|2.0|The jabbering of Martin Lawrence and Will Smith is very annoying and seems out-sync with the worn-out protect-the-glamorous-witness formula. No serious acting expected here, but T&eacute;a Leoni is especially bad in her role as the witness.
B00002E224|5.0|I sincerely believe that this is the most intelligent love story I have ever seen, and the most honest. Never before I see man and woman express their love in such an honest, natural, and intelligent way. A young american named Jesse (Ethan Hawke) meet a young frenchwoman named Celine (Julie Delpy) in a Eurotrain. Celine had just visiting her grandmother in Budapest and are going home to Paris, while Jesse is going to Vienna to catch a plane back to the U.S. They talk at the train lounge, share some thought and are somehow intrigued and attracted to each other. When the train stops at Vienna, Jesse has this idea: His plane will take off tomorrow morning, he can't afford a hotel and he ask Celine to accompany him spend the night at Vienna, walking around all night. She agrees.<br />And what a stroll it was! While enjoying Vienna's citiscape, they keep sharing their thought and their philosophy. She's worried that Women's Lib are made by men so that they can have more sex with women, while he thought that eternal soul and reincarnation is an impossibility since human population keeps growing (whose soul it is that are reincarnating, then?). They can't all agree on each other's opinions, but they respect each other. They openly admit that they're attracted to each other, and slowly realized that they're in love. There's this very powerful scene where she pretend to call her friend by phone and he's acting as her friend and she tell \\"her friend\\" her feeling, why she takes off the train with him and why she loves him, then they switch the role and he did the same. This is the most powerful scene of expressing love to each other that I've ever seen, comparable to the final scene of \\"Wings of Desire\\", where Marion express her love poetically to Damiel.<br />Watch it! It's the best love story ever!
B0001CCXZW|5.0|At last, us Gilmore Girl fans will be able to watch the first season again, and back to back, even.  Hopefully season two fill soon follow.
B000050XY8|5.0|I just want to represent the other side of the coin from the frutsted reviewers on Amazon. As a collector of film memorabilia I was truly impressed and delighted with the Matrix (as well several other titles) that I have purchased as COLLECTOR SETS. The items (or collectibles) inside these DVD packages are NOT AVAILABLE in the regular retail market and if it was not for these limited edition collector sets one would spend a pretty penny (maybe even more than 5000) trying to find this type of property. The numbered Senitype contains an actual 35 mm film frame from the movie which (if you have ever looked on ebay) can sell for quite a bit more than the cost of the box sets.  While some may scoff others relish.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|There is not a bad song on this album; even &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot; has an eerie charm. What I can't believe is that none of the reviews I've read have mentioned what I believe are the two best songs on the album: &quot;The Package&quot; and &quot;Pet&quot;. &quot;Package&quot;'s trip through self-indulgence and &quot;Pet&quot;'s anti-war grind provide the most punch and the most raw emotion of the whole album. &quot;The Outsider&quot; is another stellar APC performance, and yes, &quot;The Noose&quot; rounds out this excellent 'package'. I'm just curious about Maynard's fascination with putting &quot;The&quot; in front of his songs... &quot;The Hollow&quot;, &quot;The Package&quot;, &quot;The Patient&quot;, &quot;The Grudge&quot;...<BR>Whatever the reason, no matter... follow the thirteenth step and buy this album!!!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I had heard that this was a GREAT science fiction series, but somehow I just wasn't interested in it. Boy was I stupid. <br />I got this as a Christmas gift, and it is absolutely one of my favourite television shows of all time. If you like great science fiction, Firefly is for you. Its just as good as Farscape, Deep Space Nine, and Babylon 5.. and I have no doubt that it would have been better than all three had it been given a chance to continue.<br />Fox, you suck.
B00008EYA5|1.0|.<BR>.<BR>Even the cops dial 911.really..maybe i should dial it and ask for free medicare to get me over the shock...<br />Ok, i like these types of movies...i really do, in fact, most of my collection is a series of Terminator, predator,alien,SPR,LOTR kinda films and one that amazon kindy shows in its recommendations just how weird a collection i have. i love to settle down to a mindless blaster movie, one that cancels the noise of the world...you know the ones where you go 'jeeze was that 2 hours' or lets go back to that chapter.. <br />OK, here is the bad news -- this film is so bad, so terrible, so embarrasingly awful...you cant ignore it-- it just would not end. Infact my therapist told me to write this review so i could get rid of it!!!ok thats a joke but you get the drift. <br />I bought the DVD, thinking with a class of actors like this i cant fail. Wrong, this is the type of movie when watched in a cinema makes you wonder whether the ceiling tiles  are black or just painted black or how high is that? or other important questions in a cinema like why is this seat stopping blood going to my legs?  you get the message...anything other then the film. Dont get me wrong, I mean i can ignore the glaring errors in films, i had no issue with Terminator3 (armed people get into top secret military base to warn daddy not to turn the machine on)and love them for it all,  i can ignore almost anything...but please spare me from this. it has nothing to redeem it. It starts off well enough, people introduced, the usual...but suddenly spirals into nowhere. i mean who is the french actor. PLEASE, make wine, cheese, bread anything other then act!!.where did you find this guy? As if America did not have enough issues with the french...this guy is presented as a sample of good french acting.  <br />as for Samuel... i thought id never see a film with this man in it i did not like and buy. This man is a God among actors..cmon, he is excellent, a master of the art (certainly wasntin the same trailer giving tips during the filming to the french guy thats for sure) BUT not in this film...what the hell is he doing in this movie. i got the distinct impression he wanted out half way thru..and it showed. There is loads of now dated only a black man understand a black man, my brover, type of discussions and serious knuckly touching, deep looks with his other swat buddy, friend whatever. OK, can we  move to the 21st century PLEASE!!!! Farell is doing his best but then im Irish and would say that, but again he was obviously with Britney at the time because this is all surface and no detail. I would not be a big farrell supporter but to be fair his accent (well to me anyway held out) The angry lady is well,(Michelle Rodriguez, i think - sorry about the spelling)  angry but she does smile in this and she plays her part with a bit of grace and style. LL is the only suprise for me acting wise i was very impressed, he had a good mix of serious and humour...<br />but to the fim...if you want to save your hard earned money...dont get this....no plot, no story, no acting, remember even Studios dial 911 and the certainly should have with this film....still that just my opinion...
B00007E8V4|5.0|I can't belive that these are b-sides. System is an awsome band they are not like the insta-bands that roll out and then die in three months. If you liked their other albums you'll love this one. And if you haven't heard the other albums their worth the money. They will rock for many years to come.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|Unusually on the Hollywood standards these trilogy could be the most critized of all time. Let me tell you I don't know why. This movie was the perfect conclusion to a trilogy that has set up new standards on movie making. Since its very beggining to this awsome conclusion. You only need to watch carefully some outstanding scenes like Zion battle and you will see why John Gaeta and the people behind ESC has moved the gates on SFX to the next level. The SuperBrawl was one of its kind. Spider Man 2 and Superman and any other upcoming super heroe film: You better watch you because this fight was a standard. You will be judge by this one.<br />Do I love the movie? Hell yeah. This is not about a hardcore matrix fan giving an opinion -I AM- this is about the greatest Sci Fi Fantasy of our time.<br />April. . .come soon. . .I demand it!
067088278X|5.0|This is sort of like the child's story book version of the Broadway musical \\"Into the Woods.\\" ...there's Jack and Jill, Cinderella, Mother Hubbard, Baby Bunting, the Three Bears...and more. Each illustration combines the person \\"you spy\\" with a hint at the next scene on the next page. It's absolutely charming on all levels. My two year old loves it, and yet it's one that I--at 29 years old--don't mind reading to her three times in a row. The rhymes and scenes make perfect segues into the rhymes and scenes on the next page. Worth every dollar spent. Even if your kids are very young, you'll probably end up saving this one for your grandkids to enjoy.
B000002LND|5.0|Okay love her or hate her this is an album worth buying. It's got everything in a greatest hit's package you could want. Madonna added Justify My Love And Rescue Me to sum up part one of her career. The album's sound is also excellent as well. The only down thing is from a fan's point of view all the song's are the edited (or short versions) of the songs. So it's like having all of Madonns's 45's in your collection. I recently went onto a major chart listing site and this album is still selling after almost 10 years in release. WOW that should tell you something. If you enjoyed Madonna's stuff in the 80's you will appreciate this CD.
0385504209|3.0|I picked up this book with the highest of hopes and left thinking the book was.....ok. First off, the plot is derivative, a retread of every dime thriller I have ever read. 50 pages into it I had figured out the ending. However, the plot is, thankfully, not the books main selling point. That honor belongs to its somewhat dubious &quot;intellectual appeal&quot;. I did like Brown's provocative take on Da Vinci and Catholicism, but I was left wanting more of his engaging conspirary theories and less of his lackluster story. Furthermore, the tidbits he passes off as &quot;facts&quot; are riddled with conjecture and historical inaccuracy, leaving the reader bewildered as to what information can be taken at face value. For instance, Brown gives a figure of 4 million witches burned in the few hundred years the inquisition reigned. The actual number is closer to a tenth of that (most historians place the number between 100 and 500 thousand). He also takes great freedom with the Knights Templar, warping their origins and twisting established history. These are just a few things I found in a single casual reading, I cannot imagine what further wrongs would be revealed with a little more reseach. All historical faults aside, it is a fairly engaging book.....as long as it is taken with a grain of salt.
B0000VAFO0|2.0|Okay I bought the DVD and watched the film. The effects were great but the story needs some help. This movie is like Gangland's of New York but add Vampires and Werewolf's to the mix and presto! Let the biting and howling begin. Also the movie does not really end it sets itself up for a sequel (let's hope the plot is better) If you enjoyed the Matrix or Blade then this movie is for you!
0380729407|5.0|This book, while wonderful, requires not only a certain sense of wonder, but also a willingness to let the magic develop. It takes patience, the reading can't be rushed or the mood will disappear. Personally, the reason I enjoyed this work so much were due to the feelings of nostalgia it invoked. It took me back to my boyhood, and the mystery of every autumn night. The prose is filled with description and metaphor, transporting the reader directly into the shadowy side of Jim and Will's sleepy little village. The ominous carnival on the outskirts of town and its strange denizens all come alive through Bradbury's master storytelling . If you are a fan of Gothic fiction or just want a tale of the dark fantastic, it doesn't get much better than this.
B00005QDW1|5.0|No Doubt is one of the best bands out there.   Their songs are far from average, they're all awesome.  This cd's songs are all upbeat and fun to listen to.  Their songs are catchy and all make u want to sing along w/ them.  its amazing how they have had so many hits and everyone has been awesome!!!  This cd rocked and i listen to it over and over and never get bored w/ it!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|THIS IS THE FIRST BRITNEY CD THAT I CAN LISTEN TO WITHOUT SKIPPING A SONG. THE ALBUM IS VERY DARK AND CLUBBY. MOST OF THE PEOPLE WHO HATE THIS CD JUST WANT TO HEAR HER SING BABY ONE MORE TIME A MILLION MORE TIMES. YOUR SOUND HAS TO GROW UP AS YOU GROW UP. SHE ISNT 16 ANYMORE. THATS WHAT U GUYS HAVE THAT DUFF CHICK FOR. THANK GOD WE NEVER HAVE TO LISTEN TO ANOTHER MINDLESS MAX MARTIN SONG AGAIN FROM HER. I AGREE SHE PROBABLY WONT SELL 10MILLION COPIES LIKE HER FIRST 2 CDS BUT HER CAREER IS FAR FROM OVER. THIS CD IS ALREADY PUSHING THE 2 MILLION MARK AND WITH TOXIC NOW RELEASED ITS GONNA REALLY GONNA FLY OFF THE SHELVES. WAY TO GO BRITNEY.
B00004Z459|5.0|I love this Cd, how can u not like it??? its awesome!  their style is so much different than anyone else's they combine so many forms of music and make it sound so good! i loved it!
6305922756|5.0|What can you say? I don't think this film needs an introduction! This DVD version is recommended for the audio commentary by the group (&quot;Nig......are you playing pocket&quot;bowl&quot;? &quot;That is Viv's &quot;pas..porrrt&quot; photo&quot;! &quot;Did Viv ever know that his microphone was never turned on&quot;? &quot;Marty has a fake beard&quot;! David: &quot;Nig...its too bad you and Janine never got along&quot;. Nig: &quot;We did.......for about 10 minutes once&quot;! David: &quot;She said it was more like six minutes&quot;! ect.ect.) and the other features as well. A must for all who enjoyed this for the last 22 years!
0066620996|4.0|As an individual contributor at my company (and an MBA student), reading this book helped me to see what type of company I work for, and where the company is headed. Although it doesn't bode well for the organization I work in, at least I'll know why it'll never be a Great Company and may flounder as a mediocre one for some time. <BR>An excellent read for anyone interested in the &quot;inner workings&quot; of a great company and the flaws of many average companies. This book clears alot of the fog and hype around flash in the pan organizations and helps one understand what bis involved in attaining nad maintaining great success.<BR>Anther group who could benefit greatly are investors and potential investors. Some of the stories and examples can be applied to current day leaders and used as a litmus test for future investment. If the leaders of the companies you hope to invest in aren't practicing these behaviors, find a company whose leaders are. Make sure they have &quot;the right people on the bus&quot;
078322804X|5.0|The Blues Brothers is one of those movies everyone should see at one time or another in their lives.<br />Blues Brothers is a simple story. Jake(Belushi) has just gotten out of jail and re-united himself with brother and bandmate Elwood.(Akroyd) The Blues Brothers have just found out the orphanage they grew up is going to be sold and they have to stop that from happening. They have a couple of days notice to get $5,000 or it'll be gone. But how can they fail, They're on a mission from God.<br />This movie has some of the greatest chemistry between actors that you will ever see. Jim Belushi and Dan Akroyd are great. Words don't give these guys the credit they deserve though. They stared, wrote, and actually played and sung the music in this. There characters are some of the most memorable in film history and both are pop cultre icons. Their easily the greatest SNL skit to ever go to the big screen and this is a must for anyone who considers themself a fan of either actor.<br />The music is awesome in this movie. You have to love a movie that has Aretha Franklin, Cab Calloway, James Brown, and Ray Charles in it. The Blues Brothers and their band are awesome as well. This movie could be considered a musical and it has some of the best ever.<br />This one is also one of the first movies to have hit stars in short cameos in it. Carrie Fisher, Steven Spielberg, Frank Oz, Aretha Franklin, Cab Calloway, James Brown, John Candy, and Ray Charles all have good ones and there are pleanty of other guys you'll recognize.<br />I don't think I've ever seen more crashes in one movie either. If you love high speed crashes and chases you'll like Blue's Brothers just for it.<br />Blues Brothers is one of the all time greats. Director John Landis(Three Amigos, Trading Places, Animal House) called this the greatest action musical chase explosion movie you will ever see. He's totally right and I garuntee you will love this one.
B000002KEV|5.0|Yes, it is!!! If you are going to buy just one live record, ever, this is the one you should buy! It's impossible to write anything negative about this album- JUST BUY IT!!!<br />And, yes, Deep Purple are still out there doing their thing!
B0000DD7LB|4.0|Well, the queen of modern pop still can't sing, but now she's back in a bigger way than before. Britney Spears has always been a bit scandalous, but now that she is older, she has left everything behind. If you think you now Britney, think again!<BR>I have never been a big fan of her music, but her undeniably cathcy hooks and off-the-wall songs did give her a reason to be popular. Now, for her latest album, Britney abandons those hooks and leaves her quiet bubbly-gum charms in the dust. In the Zone also hardly feels like typical pop music of today. Instead it goes for more of an early 1990s approach, similar to that of Madonna's earlier hits. Britney has some inventive production from artists such as Moby and even the Yin Yang Twins (?). But while the album is good, it is also a bit hard to follow, and it takes a few listens to get used to, unlike Oops I Did It Again. This is not the Britney that we are used to, and even her biggest fans will be scratching their heads on this one. While In The Zone is certainly not Britney's best album, it is the most ambitious. I hope to see Britney express herself just like this on her next album.
B0000AR8NK|5.0|I just got the newest Bowie album, &quot;Reality&quot;, and I can enthusiastically say it was money very well spent.  The album is composed of catchy tunes with a rock edge and some nostalgia hooks thrown in here and there.  This is easily the best thing he's done since &quot;Scary Monsters&quot;, maybe even better. It definitely tops &quot;Heathen&quot;, which was `til now the best thing since SM.  At any rate, it's a refreshing break from the shameful collection of flotsam and jetsam he churned out through most of the 80s and 90s.  <br />With Visconti back at the helm, it almost feels as if Bowie is picking up where he left off in the 70s era--not as Ziggy or the Thin White Duke, but as some new and equally fantastic persona.  This album incorporates elements of some of his greatest albums--&quot;Hunky Dory&quot;, &quot;Heroes&quot;, and &quot;Scary Monsters&quot;, to name a few-- almost as if it were a forward-looking retrospective of his golden years.  This latest effort by Bowie leaves him sounding like a updated, modernized counterpart to the old Bowie we all know and love, restoring our hope for future quality releases.  The man continues to alternately enrage and amaze, and it looks like he's on an incredible upsurge now.  Let's just hope it lasts.
B0000DBJ2B|4.0|I really won't rehash the story here as it can be read in the editorial or other reviews, but I will simply comment on the Collectors Edition DVD and complete package instead.<br />Foremost, the widescreen transfer was pretty good, but seemed to be lacking the extra re-mastering touch.  I think today we expect DVD CE's to be re-mixed and re-mastered for a crisp picture, brilliant color, and over all visual enhancements.  However, even though the transfer was good, I thought the colors could have been more brilliant at times.<br />The enclosed 'notepad', while a neat idea, was a little disappointing.  It is a small scale reproduction of some of Jim Henson's notes for the movie during production.  For me, it was a little small to read or enjoy, and most of 'notes' where very fragmented, and maybe only Jim Henson would be able to decipher their actual meanings.<br />The enclosed film frame is pretty cool.  It is a single frame of the movie sandwiched and framed in very decorative heavy card stock. But it is also very small and not really for young children to enjoy.<br />DVD Extras and presentation:<br />1) Documentary was about an hour long and very interesting.  It was a very nice addition to the CE disk.  It was very deep into showing the viewer the movie from concept and design to actual shooting.  Very informative and revealing.  5 stars.<br />2) Illustration Gallery.  A few nice pics and illustrations, but not really enough to warrant this a special feature.  There may have been all of 8 stills, and with no accompanying text, music or captions, it was nothing special. 1 star.<br />3) Audio setup: Beware, the default audio setting was 2 channel stereo, which is unusual.  It was only after I watched the movie, and went into the audio menus did I find a 5.1 Dolby track.  Most DVD's today use this as the default or standard.  I thought it was strange that the CE disc used 2 channel as a default. 2 stars.<br />4) Deleted Scenes: there were a few and they were interesting but not spectacular.  3.5 stars.ing but not spectacular.  3.5 stars.
B00005JKN9|4.0|\\"Gangs of New York\\" is not the best film ever made by Martin Scorsese.  The narrative approach is predictable as it is inspired by the typical family revenge scenario, as well as double-crossing and of Hamlet like declarations of faith to the father.  As for the cast, Leonardo Di Caprio is out of his element, while Cameron Diaz does not convince and Daniel Day Lewis provides, by all means is a good performance, an excessive imitation of Robert De Niro.  However, the film is pleasant to watch and its three hours of running time go very quickly, while leaving the viewer the sensation of having watched something important. One of the most striking aspects of  \\"Gangs of New York\\" is the way in which it depicts confrontation as a strike, which is dominated by impulse. Reason plays a small role and the mind's sole purpose is to channel and direct in the most violent manner possible the surges of rage that emerge. The character played by Daniel Day Lewis, the aptly named Mr. Cutter, doesn't destroy because he's possessed by a nihilist nature; rather, he acts as a result of a passionate temper with tendency for - violent to be sure - excess.  The article also engages in a deeper search for the ontological repercussions of the violence in the film in typical fashion for the author. This could also well be Scorsese's most political film ever, and certainly it's one of the most political film in recent memory.  It is also the director's most opently historical film. There are no real good and bad guys; whereas, even heroes reflect a dark light sullied by the overwhelming hate. The film might even be compared with \\"Bowling for Columbine\\", as both films interpret and discuss America in terms of its violence and the associated fears and insecurity that develop.  The message is that if you go deep to the heart of America you will find violence. I would also reccommend reading a book by Michael Woodiwiss,\\"Organized Crime and American Power: A History\\" to get a deeper understanding of the world which Scorsese depicts in this film.of the world which Scorsese depicts in this film.
0060920084|3.0|Bryson's memoirs of his driving trip through 38 of the contiguous United States.  Amusing look at both rural America, and the commercialization of the nation.  Speckled with Bryson's views of American society and values (&quot;When they aren't being incompetent, city officials like to relax with a little corruption.&quot;), and interesting facts about the US (&quot;It is impossible to exaggerate the immensity of the Great Lakes....They cover almost 94,500 sq. miles, making them almost precisely the size of the United Kingdom.)&quot;.<br />Good for reading once, interesting and amusing, but nothing spectacular.
B00005JM02|5.0|I do not understand why people want to diss this movie or call it a let down. To me, as an adult whom does not have children, loved this film and have bought the DVD for my own entertainment. It was extremely cute and had a good plot. I believe that Dori really made the film as funny as it was. I especially like the section where Marlon and Dori speak &quot;whale&quot;. Over all this film is great for families and for anyone who likes a good laugh and a comfort feeling. I do not believe this film is cheesy in any way. I is a Disney/Pixar masterpiece alongside the other sucessful Disney/Pixar films that were also equally great.
B00008J4P5|5.0|i've been a white stripes fan for a few years now so i am a little biased about this album. but let me tell you it deserves all of the praise it's received. if i picked and pulled apart every song on the album, i'd never be done. i can't say enough about this wonderful rock-bible-of-an-album so i'll try to just keep it short. if you like rock, alternative rock, blues, or folk-y music at all; buy this album. it'll blow you away.
B000096I9G|5.0|There is ONE reason this is DVD is perfect.  It is the ONLY time you will ever hear these three albums played back-to-back-to-back live at the same time.  Live performances tend to have mess-ups... oh well.  This is an absolutely awe-inspiring collection of music.  Pornography is brilliant, with its horrific/nightmarish visuals & sounds.  Disintegration is beautiful, showcasing the bands use of mid-80's keyboard effects.  And Bloodflowers, the true surprise.  A fantastic realization of a great Cure album.  This is truly the more guitar driven of the 3, but you can really feel Robert Smith during this set... incredible.  If that wasn't enough, the performance of \\"The Kiss\\" as an encore is, alone, almost worth the price of the DVD.  This is ESSENTIAL for any true Cure fan.
B000067CPX|5.0|Simply a great album from a great band
B000006E4C|5.0|I love Steve Reich's music. I actually used to be a Philip Glass fan, but it chanced one day that I was surfing on the 'Net and discovered a little site with mp3 of this piece, and I couldn't help listening to it all.<br />This is probably the best, most complete release of &quot;Music for 18&quot; ever. It's also the most concise. While the ECM recording stands out on its own, it's not as full as this one is, and it certainly doesn't stand to the new methods of polytonality in the piece. It's like being in a minimalist washing machine: it takes away the dull, emotionless sounds of Glass and others and makes it alive, the way it should be.<br />Hands down, the best CD ever.
B00004LN16|4.0|Despite to my first opinions of this album, I've really grown to like it. I think this kind of album grows on you. Much better than BallBreaker definitly. The guitir riffs are catchy and Phill and Cliff have a really solid foundation. Brian's voice isn't what it used to be, but its better in my opinion than on BallBreaker. For age, he's doing great. Great album!
B00003CXXM|4.0|I first happened to watch part of THE BOURNE IDENTITY on cable. I watched the first twenty minutes of the film before I had to leave. What I saw intrigued me enough that a few weeks later I rented the DVD. Overall, the movie wasn't too shabby. It's got some good action sequences (especially the car chase) and a few unexpected surprises. Still, the ending of the movie was a little bit of a letdown, almost too clich&eacute;d. The audience knew from the beginning who Jason Bourne was almost from the beginning and is left with a suspicion of how the film will end. Nevertheless, it's still kind of a letdown--I was hoping for more of a &#34;Nowhere Man&#34; type plot. Anyway. Matt Damon does a great job as the title character and Chris Cooper, well, Chris Cooper can seem to improve any role he plays no matter how clich&eacute;d they are. Overall, THE BOURNE IDENTITY is a decent action/spy flick. You might not enjoy it, but you'll at least feel like you watched a good movie.<br /><br />The DVD includes several deleted scenes, a behind-the-scenes featurette promo, a music video, and the usual director's commentary.
6305313687|5.0|This movie is powerful. Ed Norton is brilliant! I don't see why this movie isn't more talked about. It won't digest well for the weak hearted. It has kicked me right in the stomach as I grew up with a racist father. Hate breeds ignorance. Watch this movie!
B00008PW2D|2.0|Yes, this is the worse of the seasons on DVD so far -- primarily due to the lack of good writing, attempted (but failed) character growth, and the deeply curtailed number of episodes (count them, eight). Now I LOVE Samantha's character's quick-witted sayings: \\"Vagina weights?\\" Sam: \\"Honey, my vagina waits for no man.\\"  It's obvious that Season 5 really strives to be funny, but falls short; jocular arguments with Charlotte over the \\"f\\" word just aren't funny. I admit the characters have gone through a lot of growth: a baby, broken engagement, Sam's love, broken marriage.  But dammit, lame themes and horrible dialog screw up good episodes! Don't pay more than $... unless you're a dedicated fan.
0671042858|2.0|This is one of the worst Stephen King books I've ever read. It wasn't even scary and it took me two weeks to read it. If it was better I could have read it in two days. This book did not keep me on the edge of my seat, and I would never reccommend this book to anyone.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Never before has a concert DVD been so highly anticipated.  This DVD is long overdue for Zep fans.  I've never heard a DVD sound so good.  If I turn my receiver up 3/4 to max volume, it feels like you are actually at a live show.  <br />This is hands down the best DVD concert I have ever seen!
0743424425|5.0|The Shining is one of the best books that Stephen King has ever written. It kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time. I definitely recommend this book as one of the most best of Stephen King's books.
0385504209|5.0|Prepare to find many revelations and statements in \\"The Da Vinci Code' to be scandalous or just downright heretic.  But remember...ITS FICTION!  Though based on some fact, the book is a work of fiction, making presumptions based on the facts author Dan Brown researched.  But reading these presumptions and analyzing them is in the books' fun, as well as being a ming-boggling, multi-layered suspense thriller, ripe with conspiracy, chases, high-technology and well-drawn characters.  Robert Langdon is a American symbologist in Paris on business when he is wrongly fingered for the late night murder of the curator of the Louve, and goes on the run with a french cyptographer Sophie Neveu, the grandaughter of the curater.  What follows are downright brilliant puzzles and conundrums expertly designed by Dan Brown involving not only clues clverly hiden in Da Vinci's paintings but also hidden ancient symbolism in many modern religious marks and even secular culture.  It all points to a startling revelation about what the Holy Grail actually is, a far cry from the wooden chalice of lore.<br />Brown writes the book at a breakneck pace, with barely a single chapter over a couple of pages, enhacing the effect.  Not to mention the father you get into \\"The Da Vinci Code,\\" the more you absolutely have to read.  Even if you don't buy into the books' laments on modern religion, \\"The Da Vinci Code\\" is utterly compulsive reading.
B00009TB5G|2.0|We saw part I and the weak ending and hoped part II would<BR>be better. But like part I, this movie was high on commercial<BR>selling, high on computer graphics, and drawn out on meaningless<BR>dramatic scenes. Granted a foreign film may not have the<BR>satisfaction of a worthy character-driven script. But it is<BR>not a credit to the book....Sure has some interesting scenery though.
0316666343|5.0|I picked this up much to my dismay...I tend to shy away from \\"Oprah-like\\" books and Bestsellers alike.  I don't like to trust the opinion of the general public. Call me a cynic or call me silly.<br />But this: I picked this up Friday evening. I woke up on Saturday morning, twiddled my thumbs a bit, then hit the light and started voraciously reading again.<br />My best friend was killed when I was 13.  This book caused all the memories of the tumult and growth of my teens to come barrelling down on me.<br />Not the most impossible book, but certainly one that will drift over your thoughts after finishing...when you least expect it...
B000099T2L|3.0|With the superb Crazy In Love burning up the charts and becoming one of the biggest hits of the year, 2003 was easily the year of Beyonce. Having another huge hit with Baby Boy, and also releasing movie Fighting Temptations, could her album be good enough to cap off a fantastic year? Well sadly my initial reaction would be no.<br />Whereas there is a decent amount of soulful, slick R&amp;B ballads, along with a couple of more upbeat poppier tracks, there is far too much samey, tuneless R&amp;B slush edging it out. Many of the tracks seem like they have been carbon copied with different lyrics, with the CD becoming more and more boring as it goes on. Songs like Gift From Virgo, Be With You, Speechless and Me Myself and I offer absolutely nothing different, all being slow, run of the mill tuneless drivel, with boring lyrics and a samey beat.<br />That doesn't mean to say that this alnum doesn't have anything decent to offer. Tracks such as Naughty Girl and Hip Hop Star are upbeat, dancey tunes with a catchy chorus, and the unusal track Signs also stands out, despite a poor contribution from Missy Elliot.<br />Several powerful ballads also stand out, with examples being Yes, Dangerously In Love and emotional climax Daddy. On the basis of those tracks, I would mildly recommend buying this album if you are a fan, as there is enough good material to make it a worthwhile purchase, but don't expect anything brilliant, because quite frankly, the ridicoulous amount of filler left a bad taste in mouth after, and the album dissapoints.
B00005JLRT|4.0|Star Trek Nemesis does a good job of wrapping up the film saga of, if not the Star Trek franchise, but at least the Next Generation characters. The movie adds some of the action that some of the films have been missing (the space battle between the Reman warship and the Enterprise-E was very impressive).<br />In fact, just having the Romulans and Remans being the big baddies for this movie is a great change, as none of the previous Trek films have used the Romulans as the main villains. Even with STVI, while the Romulans were part of the evil plot, they weren't running the show. Nemesis makes for a nice change.<br />I greatly enjoyed Star Trek: Nemesis, and reccomend it heartily to Star Trek fans young and old alike.
B00005QW5X|5.0|It defintely is a un-nerving subject for most, but I grew to adore John Cameron Mitchell's piece of artwork. Humorous, Tragic, and Worth the money. A++++
B000002BYD|5.0|This is the best of Pearl Jam's albums.  Ten doesn't represent what the band is about now.  Pearl Jam has evolved since then and their sound is much more comparable to Yield now.  Yield is a journey.  Look at the album cover, close your eyes, play the CD, and go on an unbelievable ride!  You will not regret buying this album.  It is undeniably Pearl Jam.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It's a jewel of television craftsmanship and storytelling artistry. As with all Joss Whedon efforts, expect witty dialogue and versatile character development. There are so many good lines in this show, but one of my favorites is \\"My days of not taking you seriously are certainly coming to a middle...\\" Love it.<br /><br />You won't regret this purchase.
0446613444|5.0|It is my first book of Harry Bosh' series (but I've read other books by Michael Conelly that I liked) and I was impressed. There are many novels with the motif of 'lone wolf' but it is difficult to make the reader really like the main hero. This book is the one. The plot seems totally logical and realistic, and at the ame time intriguing until the end. Mexican background, including Harry' adventures there, seems real and interesting. The police work in LA is described with such details that you definetely get the atmosphere the writer tried to convey. Definitely recommended to all fans of mistery novels and police thrillers.
B00003BDXG|5.0|&quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; is Oliver Stone's &quot;take-no-prisoners&quot; assault on the media that is cinematic eye-candy to the teeth.  It's an uneasy satire to watch, but it is an extremely effective film that is both thrilling and funny.  Many people loath this movie, as it is not an easy one to take.  I feel there's a lot of ugly truths hidden within, and those truths aren't very easy to accept for most.  For those who are aware of how manipulative and hypocritical the media world can be are in for one crazy and unforgiving ride that has no limits.<br />Mickey and Mallory Knox may appear to be your ordinary couple, but they aren't.  In fact, the two are notorious serial killers who love to get their adrenaline pumping by destroying the lives of others.  The media has pretty much made the villainous duo heroes to the public, as they can't get enough of them.  They headline every single news program with absolute pride.  As the two continue their bloody rampage through the states, the public is watching every step of the way with bloodshot eyes.<br />The structure of the film is usually what turns people off from it, but I thought it was all executed perfectly.  It doesn't follow your basic plot structure in the same way most films do.  We're presented with the characters, the conflict, resolution, etc.--but it's pieced together in random spots as if you were surfing through different channels on the TV.  This is extremely effective for what Stone is trying to convey.  It's a disturbing film because it actually sheds light on something most people don't want to fess up to, and that is the glorification of criminals and violence.  I found it to be a breath-taking satire, as well as an outstanding film all together.<br />One of the many strong points that this film has is the amazing acting from the superb cast.  Woody Harrelson is savagely entertaining as the notorious &quot;Mickey,&quot; while Juliette Lewis is beautiful and deadly.  Robert Downey Jr. is a complete joy to watch as he partakes in the role of the obsessive talk-show host who is only concerned with ratings (now, who does he remind you of?).  It also must be said that Tommy Lee Jones gives one of his funniest performances ever--the expressions on his face are absolutely priceless.<br />This particular DVD version of the movie contains a bunch of goodies for DVD fanatics.  One of the main features is that this is the &quot;Director's Cut.&quot;  While it's not much longer than the original theatrical version, certain extended shots and angles deemed &quot;controversial&quot; have been restored in this version.  The picture and sound quality is really great and does the film the justice that it deserves.  Extras that can be found on the DVD include the director's commentary, deleted scenes, an alternative ending, and cast and crew interviews.  Not a bad package, if you ask me.<br />&quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; is an absolute cinematic treat to film buffs.  While it's most likely not to be welcomed with open-arms by most, it certainly is entertaining to those who love it.  It's not your ordinary movie, that much is for sure.  If you're looking for a risk-taking satire that defies all of the rules and boundaries, this might be the choice for you.  It's a unique experience that never loses its appeal or originality. -Michael Cranecomplete joy to watch as he partakes in the role of the obsessive talk-show host who is only concerned with ratings (now, who does he remind you of?).  It also must be said that Tommy Lee Jones gives one of his funniest performances ever--the expressions on his face are absolutely priceless.<br />This particular DVD version of the movie contains a bunch of goodies for DVD fanatics.  One of the main features is that this is the &quot;Director's Cut.&quot;  While it's not much longer than the original theatrical version, certain extended shots and angles deemed &quot;controversial&quot; have been restored in this version.  The picture and sound quality is really great and does the film the justice that it deserves.  Extras that can be found on the DVD include the director's commentary, deleted scenes, an alternative ending, and cast and crew interviews.  Not a bad package, if you ask me.<br />&quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; is an absolute cinematic treat to film buffs.  While it's most likely not to be welcomed with open-arms by most, it certainly is entertaining to those who love it.  It's not your ordinary movie, that much is for sure.  If you're looking for a risk-taking satire that defies all of the rules and boundaries, this might be the choice for you.  It's a unique experience that never loses its appeal or originality. -Michael Crane
0316666343|4.0|In the winter of 1973, Susie Salmon, age 14, is killed and raped by her strange neighbor, Mr. Harvey, but Susie's story doesn't end there. The novel is told by Susie from Heaven as she continues to watch over everyone she loves--and those she doesn't love. Susie describes Heaven as being a place that caters to your whims -- your own personal heaven. Susie finds she can have anything she wants in Heaven except her life on Earth back.<br />This turned out to be completely different from what I was expecting. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but this definitely wasn't it. I was pleasantly surprised with the story. Even though, Susie is dead, she still seems to be going through typical adolescent behavior from Heaven. She dreams about first kisses and speaks on sex, but she no longer has the chance to experience those parts of life. So, she lives her life through her friends and family.<br />Of course, Susie's family--her mother, her father, her brother, and her sister--are effected deeply by her death to the point that their family starts to crumble because of her death, but we're also shown the impact that her death had on her school crush, Ray, and a girl she barely knew, Ruth. It was interesting to see how her family dealt with it and how those outside her family dealt as well.<br />But for all it's good points, there are some things that irked me. Some of the scene involving Ray and Ruth seemed to overshadow the main point. Susie's mother was very underdeveloped. While you could feel empathy for her father and siblings, you really couldn't do anything but dislike Susie's mother because you only saw one side of her. It was like she was a supporting character rather than one of the main characters. Also, The ending dragged a little longer than it should, and honestly, it left me feeling a little dissatisfied in regards to Mr. Harvey.<br />Overall, good read, though.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|There are a few TV series that where really great when they aired but where never given a chance to find an audience and Firefly is definitely one of those shows. Everything from the acting to the directing to the writing is top notch. Lots of shows are slow going in their first season but Firefly really takes off and never looks back. The onsamble cast works really well together and it truly shows in every episode. Its well worth all five of it's 5 star rating.
6304806434|2.0|Nicholas is Cage is our all-American hero Cameron Poe. (Seriously silly name or what?) He's a bold, shaggy-haired super-hero who has just left the special forces and what he cares about is family values and honour and loyalty and goodness and heroism and his cute little girl and her cute blond mother and courage and valour and no one ever gets left behind and looking very sensitive and... you get my drift. One does rather wish he would pick his nose occasionally just to make him a bit easier to like. He's also a bit simple-minded and slow, as his voice-overed letters home from jail make clear after he has wasted some some-town tough who hassled his wife... Think Forrest Gump with muscle toning. After all, hey, nobody likes a smarty-pants.<br />John Cusack is our other main good guy, Larkin, the US Marshall whose job is to sort things out after assorted super-criminals take over a prisoner transport `plane. And sorting things out is not really that difficult as these particular baddies are really not all that smart and their plan is, let's face it, pretty half-baked. So to make it difficult the writers responsible for this tosh have compelled him to work alongside gung-ho DEA official Malloy (Colm Meaney). Now there are lots of stories and movies that get good drama about the working relationship of two professionals with interestingly different approaches to their work. But this isn't one of those movies. Here the main difference is that Larkin is smart and responsible while Malloy is a complete pillock. <br />Good old hard-core action picture stuff follows with heroic Poe forced to battle single-handed against a small army of evil psychopaths, John Malkovich, Steve Buscemi, Danny Trejo, Ving Rhames, M. C. Gainey, and various other thesps who evidently really really needed the money. They're all about seven feet tall and hard as nails with guns and stuff and, boy, you can just smell the testosterone and the action just comes and comes. So that once you start watching, you watch to the end gripped in a kind of horrified fascination only to be left sat there as the closing credits roll wondering just how you ever came to allow two whole hours of your short and precious life ebb quietly (well, not so quietly) away on such total bollocks.
0061015725|5.0|This book was awesome. I read it in only 2 sittings. I could not put it down.
B00005JM0B|2.0|It's one thing to require that the audience suspends their disbelieve in the premise.  Hell, an occasional slip here and there  is also acceptable - but T3 falls into that dreaded category of films where the writers took a hiatus and used whatever device was available to advance the narrative.  You wind up with a movie where you need to come up with absurd explanations for every scene.  There were just too many holes throughout the movie, with the big catch being that the evil Terminator is a woman!  Wow!!!<br /><br />This is definitely a movie where cars play a major role, and as such, here are two actors that should have received closing credits:  Mr. Car Chase and Mr. Unnecessary  Effects.<br /><br />The first 35 minutes of the movie are one long, useless chase scene.  If you listen to the audio commentary, even Arnold calls this \\"one of the biggest scenes in the movie, the biggest scene in the movie\\"  Is Terminator a car chase movie?  Should this be the biggest scene in the movie?  Arnold states that they were over budget at the time of filming the chase scene - yet he wanted more stunts.  Why?  Arnold states that they were looking to make this the \\"the greatest chase sequence in any movie,\\" but unlike the chase scenes in T2, where though the stunts are implausible, they are used to drive the narrative and get the characters to their next location, , here they serve no purpose other that to show a lot of explosions and wreckage.  Car chases are not what the Terminator series are about.<br /><br />How TX (the evil Terminator) acquires John Conner's location during the chase is unbelievable.  Without giving too much away, just how could the cars which she commanded see without her presence?  What absurd \\"nano-technology\\" could be used to explain this?  The engines of the cars operated on a mechanical principal rather than through computer control. Is it that she can control other machines, regarless of whether they are computer controlled or not?  Where's the science behind this?  And that just it - there are scenes after scenes in this movie where I sat there and asked myself, \\"Wait a minute - what's going on?  Wouldn't it make more sense if they had done...\\"<br /><br />There are so many inconsistencies and and holes in this movie that to discuss each one would give the entire movie away.  Let's just say that there are times when you need a plane and the very model that you know how to fly happens to be nearby.  We also learn in T3 that military bases don't bother with security - anyone can walk right into the command center. I can only attribute this and other annoyances to sloppy writing and an understanding by Hollywood that many SF fans out there are too caught up with the fictional part of SF rather than the science or consistency.<br /><br />TX is supposed to be the ultimate Terminator, a Terminator's Terminator - more intelligent and more deadly than any other model.  And yet the liquid metal Terminator in T2 was a much greater rival to Arnold's character.  You felt that the liquid Terminator could not be stopped no matter what you thew at it.  And it couldn't!  What ultimately got to it was being at the wrong place at the wrong time.  How TX is dispatched doesn't hold up to her being so indistructable.<br /><br />John Connor's character, who was quite cocky, intelligent, and brash in T2, becomes a nihilist loser whose not too sharp.  In no way at any point in T3 does John Conner show any sense of leadership or bravery.  You wind up asking yourself, this is supposed to be the future leader of mankind?  What caused him to change?<br /><br />T2 made it a point to show John's development and control.  T3 just gives you a premise and forces its viewers to invent the reasoning.<br /><br />Arnold's acting was stilted.  Somehow I imagine his involvement in the film being driven solely by the large pay-day he received.<br /><br />Arnold also states in the audio commmentary how serious the Terminator is about his sunglasses.I allways took the sunglass motif a device to show the Terminator's lack of humanity.  We don't know what's going on behind them.  In T2, as his character becomes more human-line, they dispose the glasses, while as Sarah O'Conner's character becomes more determined and deadly, she puts hers on.  Arnold - do you honestly think a robot cares about what sunglasses he wears or what happens to them?<br /><br />Claire Dane's character is tossed quickly out of her semi-normal life into an amazing situation.  One would think that she would be a bit more upset and overturned by the course of events.  Instead we see her angry and barely introspective.  And what exactly is her character's job?  She states that she's not a vet, yet she drives the vet's truck and is the one who answers emergency calls.<br /><br />There are some light humor scenes in the movie, but I doubt the director's intent was to make the whole movie a parody or a tribute to the earlier films.<br /><br />The title of movie is also somewhat misleading, as it makes you wonder if you're going to witness the rise and start of the machine empire rather than a continuation of the pre-armageddon saga.  The writers would have done better to fill in the background of what happened to Sarah and Joh O'Conner and how/why armageddon took place, and have the movie take place with John leading the resistance, leading up to the transportation of the first Terminator.<br /><br />I would recommend this movie only because of it's legacy and as a continuation of the series.  Standing on it's own, this movie would have gone nowhere.  After you see this movie, ask yourself if it wern't for the other two Terminator movies, would this movie inspire you to see T4?  I bet not.  And that's a shame.
0385504209|1.0|After reading Dan Brown's &quot;Deception Point&quot;, I now know Brown is a good author who missed the mark with the Davinci Code.<br />I read somewhere where Brown's agent heard the plot and said &quot;wow this is gonna be great&quot; so they cranked up the promotion of this book.  Unfortunately, I don't think the publisher read the book first.<br />Da Vinci Code is about a symologist who gets brought into a murder case and ends up breaking codes after codes until he discovers the secret of the Holy Grail.<br />Your view of Christianity will have a big impact on how you view this book.  I happen to not believe Brown's premise, but the book could have been good if Brown had made it as good as some of his other novels.<br />As Brown unveils each new answer to a code, it reads like an encyclopedia of art history and hidden symbols in famous paintings.  While intriguing, Brown fails to make it interesting, especially for a novel.  Brown would have written a better novel (in my opinion) if the characters had to overcome doubt about what they were discovering.  But that wasn't the case.  As each new &quot;supposed truth&quot; is discovered, the characters accept it as fact, in the same way that modern day Christians accept the facts about Jesus (and Brown criticizes this blidn faith).<br />Brown has written good books, this just isn't one of them.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Not much to say that hasn't been said already. This was the most fun I've had watching TV in a long, long time.
B00008OLIO|5.0|Motley Crue's debut album breaks almost all the rules of arrival, but then again, when did Crue ever follow rules?  <br />The sound on the album is incredibly raw. Not too many (if any) special effects, advanced production techniques, or any studio tweaks to enhance the audio.  No, this album is straight on rock from four guys who plugged in, cranked the distortion and volume, and just proceeded to play music to punch people in the teeth.  <br />The initial track Livewire announces a new, more street oriented sound of early 80s music.  The title track blitzes through with a post-punk early-metal blend.  <br />The album is more or less a demo (as quoted by guitarist Mick Mars) and should not be judged by any other standards than they took this sound and changed the perception of the 80s hair metal rocker.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Knowing that Fox had squashed this particular &quot;Firefly&quot; made viewing these DVDs particularly bittersweet. Joss Whedon's and Tim Minear's writing, character creation and casting for this series was the best yet. Despite a couple of technical issues -- some lengthy pauses when shifting from the Main Menu to individual eps, and waiting for the &quot;play&quot; button to be enabled (Fox obviously didn't spend a lot of money on packaging this, but, hey, that's okay!), the DVD content was fantastic. Special features are excellent; wait till you hear Joss and the cast talk of how the fan support for the series helped them through some pretty &quot;dark nights of the soul.&quot; I was one of those fans, as I'm sure many of the 500+ reviewers on this site are, and if ever the grassroots viewers of a series like this -- true art -- can form their own production company and raise the funds to greenlight the *quality* stuff, I'll be right there at the front. Share this DVD with your friends who're learning to write for TV or film or stage. Schedule a Firefly viewing party. Honor some truly great genre masters. And get ready to rally behind the next Whedon project that hits any sized screen. And Amazon, thanks for giving us another venue to show our support for Firefly. Ee-hah!
B00004Z459|1.0|IF YOU CONSIDER YOURSELF A REAL ROCK FAN, OR IF YOU LIKE REAL MUSIC, STAY AWAY OF THIS GARBAGE!!!! JESUS, IT'S SO BAD, MY EARS ARE BLEEDING!! THIS GIVES A NEW MEANING FOR THE EXPRESSION &quot;THE WORST BAND IN THE WORLD&quot;!!! A DISGRACE, FROM THE BEGINNING  'TILL THE END!!! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS TRASH!!! INSTEAD, GET A REAL ROCK BAND ALBUM. AND DON'T LISTEN THE REVIEWERS THAT SAYS THIS IS INNOVATIVE OR GOOD. THEY ARE FREAKING DISTURBED TEENS WITH MENTAL PROBLEMS, OR PEOPLE WHO DON'T LIKE REAL MUSIC!! THE SYSTEM HAVE TO LET ME GIVE A LOWER NOTE, BECAUSE THIS DESERVES INFINITE NEGATIVE STARS!!!<br />AND DON'T TELL ME I HAVEN'T WARN YOU!!!
B00003CXIP|5.0|As the screen lit, exposing a man sitting in a car on the countryside and a beautifully orchestrated take on B E King's classic hit, \\"Stand by Me\\", I knew I was in for something good.  I really hadn't an idea of what the film might have instore for me, but it had left a good impression.  As the movie rolled on, I found myself completely involved with the world of our protagonists, and caught up in every vowel spoken and every movement made.  It's very rare that I find a movie so captivating, so entertaining, and so emotional.   However, \\"Stand by Me\\" was one of the few films that I found very very few flaws with.  The dialogue was easy to follow, the atmosphere was perfectly corresponding with the scenes, and the story was amazing.  The film is about four twelve-year-old boys, like any other twelve-year-old boys in 1959, who engage on a journey they'll never forget.  As the innocent, lighthearted \\"fat kid\\" Vern was looking for a lost jar of pennies under his porch, he overhears his older brother talking about a kid they found who died three days earlier.  In search of stardom and becoming home-town heroes they leave home and follow the railroad tracks to where the body supposedly lies.  Along the way, they face what's been eating away at each of them individually and have an emotional experience that is deeply profound to the characters.  The boys face the end of their childhood by the end of the story, and come back to their town completely changed.  This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen.
B000000WJZ|5.0|this is by far the best album in the world. a Grand MASTERPIECE from start to finish! if u dont own this album u need to run to the CD store and buy it....im not joking :)
B00003CWTI|4.0|While I found this movie interesting, captivating and compelling, it was also very moving.  The film begins with an introduction to the subject.  Hypothesising events that cannot be held under a pure coincidence, and suggesting that some things are more than chance:  they are destiny.  The film introduces our protagonists and follows them through an extrordinary day.  All the characters are in search of redemption, all the characters are convinced to find it by the end of the film.  While I found the film to be at times melodramatic (screaming, crying, etc.), the film overall was powerfull and innovative.
0385504209|2.0|Your friends are probably talking about the DaVinci Code, and you probably will have to read it in self defense.  Notice that they only talk about it's thesis.  No one remembers the characters or the writing, it is unmemorable.  No one grows or learns except possibly the minor character of the Bishop.  It's not really a novel.  You've already learned from the other reviews that the thesis was lifted from an earlier book Holy Blood, Holy Grail, so what else can I tell you?  Two things, both about the thesis.<br />First, from a mythological perspective, the thesis is laughable and cannot be.  The Christian story is a member of the family of Middle Eastern religious stories involving a dying and ressurecting deity who is a son (Jesus, Baal, Adonis, Dumuzi, Tammuz) or a daughter (Persephone).  Not one of these deities had any offspring.  It was their function to sacrifice their personal fertility to provide for the fertility or salvation of the rest of the planet.  Had Jesus had offspring, his story would not have been believed by anyone in the Middle East, but in fact Christianity spread rapidly there.  So we must conclude that the bloodline thesis is mythologically unsound.  Feel free to impress your friends with this post-obvious fact that they will not have thought of.<br />From the perspective of legend, the Grail is first mentioned in Chrieten de Troys' Perceval in the 1170's.  Chrieten makes it clear he is writing a work of fiction, even though it is based on an earlier story (which does not survive).  You may read this for yourself or watch the movie Perceval, and it will be clear that a serving vessel that contained food (not beverage) is described, and that it is carried by a woman and many women are involved in principal roles in the story, so there is no reason to suspect the Grail is an indirect reference to a woman.  There is no hint of the bloodline thesis in Perceval.  While it is clear the Lance and Grail are probably intended to represent Christian relics, most of this explanation is added by later authors who continued Chrieten's story.<br />What is the opinion of scholars on the origin of the Grail legend?  It has been much studied and there are many opinions.  One voiced by Jessie Weston in her book From Ritual To Romance actually does involve the Mediterranean Mystery Religions, and their regenerative aspects, but there is no trace of the bloodline thesis.  The established view, and so firmly established it would be very difficult to dislodge, comes from Roger Loomis in his The Grail: From Celtic Myth to Christian Symbol, in which he convincingly traces its origins to a pagan dish of plenty which is never exhausted, and functions as a fountain of youth and wellness for anyone eating from it.<br />Two stars are due, as the book is at least a page turner.  But don't expect to learn any secrets, because Brown doesn't have any, so he never lets any character actually see the rumored proof.  But if you are handy with a search engine, you can discover that the principals of the Priory of Sion have admitted they founded it as a hoax in 1956.ics, most of this explanation is added by later authors who continued Chrieten's story.<br />What is the opinion of scholars on the origin of the Grail legend?  It has been much studied and there are many opinions.  One voiced by Jessie Weston in her book From Ritual To Romance actually does involve the Mediterranean Mystery Religions, and their regenerative aspects, but there is no trace of the bloodline thesis.  The established view, and so firmly established it would be very difficult to dislodge, comes from Roger Loomis in his The Grail: From Celtic Myth to Christian Symbol, in which he convincingly traces its origins to a pagan dish of plenty which is never exhausted, and functions as a fountain of youth and wellness for anyone eating from it.<br />Two stars are due, as the book is at least a page turner.  But don't expect to learn any secrets, because Brown doesn't have any, so he never lets any character actually see the rumored proof.  But if you are handy with a search engine, you can discover that the principals of the Priory of Sion have admitted they founded it as a hoax in 1956.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|there are no words to describe the pure genius that is fiona apple. i think both &quot;tidal&quot; &amp; &quot;when the pawn...&quot; are the only albams that i own that i could listen to over &amp; over &amp; over again &amp; never get sick &amp; tired of. fiona's writing, singing, producing, &amp; instumental playing is all amazing. it is a true shame that such a talented artist, such as fiona, is highly overlooked by critics &amp; the most of the public, who believe she just some angry nusance. they don't understand her. i love every single track on &quot;when the pawn...&quot; i couldn't pick a favorite.<BR>they say that the best artist are ignored &amp; are never truly appreciated until they're long gone, i believe this will be the case for fiona.
B00005JME0|5.0|I was looking so foward to seeing this movie since December and finally saw it on it's release date. I was so suprised and very pleased to see this movie, and with the emtions that it had given to me. It's to the point where I am anxious to watch again. While watching the movie, it made me realize that changing one thing in your past will destroy and change everything to your present and your future. It makes you understand that things happen for a reason and that you should appreciate the wonderful things that you have going on for yourself now. The strongest part is expressing to never give up with anything no matter how rough life may go. I truly recommened viewing this film, you won't regret it.
B000002KFJ|5.0|My Opinion: This is probably my 4th overall favorite Sabbath release. I'm a HUGE fan of classic metal and rock n roll like Ozzy, Sabbath, Iron Maide, AC/DC, and so on, but Sabbath are the best. Though this album wasn't as well recieved by the public as some of their others, it is still a classic. On to the review<br />1. Hole In The Sky-Cool song, though I'm not sure what it's about. 10/10<BR>2. Don't Start(Too Late)-This is mainly just a lead up too Symptom of the Universe, and jumps straight out of Hole in the Sky, so essentially the 3 are a sortof medley split up. Good instrumental, but it's still no Orchid 7/10<BR>3. Symptom of the Universe-2nd best song on the album, and a metal classic. 10/10<BR>4. Megalomania-The single, best song from this album, and the MOST underrated song by the Sabs. One of my all time favorite songs, oh and the version on Past Lives is pure magic. 10/10<BR>5. Thrill Of It All-Not the best, but it's got a cool intro riff 9/10<BR>6. Supertzar-Great song, though it's a bit repetative. Tony's 2nd best instrumental song (under Orchid) 9/10<BR>7. Am I Going Insane (Radio)-There is NOT another version of this song, this is the only one. The term Radio came when Geezer and Ozzy were ryming Mental and Radio Rental (for some reason, but it's true) Another synthisizer dominated song, but it's got good lyrics and it runs together with The Writ. 9/10<BR>8. The Writ-Awesome song, with ferocious singing and lyrics by Ozzy. This is mainly an assault on the music buissiness by the Ozzman. The song is another purely magical one, and the short song at the end (called Blow On A Jug, only on certain releases of the album) is funny too. 10/10<br />Overall: This is one of the best metal albums, and contains 2 of Sabbath's most underrated songs ( Megalomania and The Writ) Essentially just buy all of Sabbath's releases in order.
B00009W8N2|4.0|This is still, nonetheless a fine album that shows that this band has quite a bit of talent,in many areas.  The vocals are the first thing you notice.  Mikael is so far ahead of the rest of his piers that there isn't even a contest. He has one of the best voices that I have heard,in their genre. Hell... he sings so fine that he could sound good singing anything. The guitar work is excellent along with the drumming. The songs seem to fit together a little better on some later releases but for their debut effort, I give them a solid 4 stars and maybe even another half.  This is one of the most brilliant bands in the biz and each of their albums just keep getting better. Long live OPETH!
B000002KET|5.0|My Opinion: This is an AWESOME release by the Sabs. This is probably my 3rd favorite of the Sabbath's albums. After they almost decided to break up, the Sabs return with one of their best albums. On to the review<br />1. Sabbath Bloody Sabbath-Best song on the album. The riffs are all amazing. My band plays this song too. 10/10<BR>2. A National Acrobat-Somebody wanted to know what this was about so I'll tell you. It's about which sperm gets selected to fertilize the egg, in otherwords witch one concieves the baby. Oh yeah, awesome song with cool riffs, but not my favorite 9/10<BR>3. Fluff-Good instrumental, not as good as Orchid, though. It's allitle to long too. 8/10<BR>4. Sabbra Cadabra-Great, great song. 2nd best on the album. Moreover it's a love song, but a good love song 10/10<BR>5. Killing Yourself To Live-It's an ok song, but they should've kept the lyrics like the one on Past Lives, it's better 9/10<BR>6. Who Are You-This is a synthisizer-dominated song, but it's pretty good. Like another person said, it's the darkest song in the set 8/10<BR>7. Looking For Today-This song is alittle to pop-like for me. It just doesn't cut it. 7/10<BR>8. Spiral Architect-The same person wanted to know what this one is about, so once again I will tell. It's about a scientist adding certain DNA stuff from different people to make the perfect person, in otherwords, it's about cloning. I like the intro acoustic part the best. The version on Reunion is better, so try it out instead 9/10<br />Overall: This is a solid album, but not their best. Buy all of Sabbath's stuff with Ozzy if you want good music, but get Master of Reality, Volume 4, Paranoid, and Black Sabbath before this one.
B00005ATQD|2.0|Nicole Kidman nude. She has a very firm and toned butt, a flat stomach, and a beautiful body. There are some other sexy nude women in the movie too. That's the only reason it deserves two stars -- for the erotic element. <br />But there are too many negative things about the movie: no plot, no reasonable ending for the suspense generated, scenes hanging loose without explanation...you get the idea. The entire movie is surrrealistic. Be warned: if you watch the movie expecting a sexy thriller, you WILL be disappointed. It's way too long (2Hrs:39Mins) to waste. <br />I can compare it to \\"Random hearts\\" as one of the worst mainstream movies ever made.
0060989157|5.0|Well, I always liked Motley Crue, but never liked them AS MUCH as I do now that I read &quot;The Dirt&quot;.  I like how the chapters are written, with Nikki Sixx telling a story his way, and another chapter or two later Tommy Lee tells his version of the story.  With chapters written this way it makes it more interesting for the reader because it is not just one guy telling a story how he saw it.  It's interesting how these guys met and became a band and all the trouble that they caused over the years.  Motley Crue is definelty one of the greatest rock bands of all time.  If you don't like them now, read the book, and that will all change!
078681859X|5.0|The first part of The Bartimaeus Trilogy, \\"The Amulet of Samarkand\\" is set in a mostly recognisable London - admittedly, with a few noticeable changes. The Tower of London is still a feared prison and the Empire (which still exists) is at war with the Czech Republic. Magicians are the ruling class, holding all positions of power, while the non-magical human masses are referred to as commoners. Indeed, the Prime Minister is described at one point as a rather vain magician whose speciality is Charm - though he rarely bothers even with that nowadays. Clearly - ahem - that has no basis in reality at all. These magicians derive their power from their ability to summon and control a variety of demons - for example, afrits, djinn and imps.<br />The book begins with the first summoning of a djinn called Bartimaeus by a magician's apprentice called Nathaniel. Nathaniel orders the Bartimaeus to steal the Amulet of Samarkand from a very powerful magician and minister called Simon Lovelace. One thing leads to another and, sooner than you can say \\"N'gorso the Mighty\\", there's murder, mystery and mayhem - with the added bonus of some young and mysterious human revolutionaries. Needless to say, Lovelace is at the heart of the wrongdoing and the Amulet is clearly at the crux of his dastardly plans. <br />Nathaniel and Bartimaeus are the story's central characters and the focus of the story alternates back and forth between them. As things progress, we learn more about both our heroes - for example, how Nathaniel came to be a magician's apprentice, why he's picking on Simon Lovelace and a little about Bartimaeus' former masters. <br />Stroud has taken an interesting approach - he writes Nathaniel's story (\\"Nathaniel's eyes narrowed\\"), but the djinni tells his own (\\"I sat on the ground cross-legged\\"). It's an approach that works superbly. Bartimaeus, for me, is the star of the show - the parts of the book that focus on him are among the funniest I've read in a long time. Caustic, sardonic, irreverent and hopelessly vain, he spends much of the book hoping to betray his master and plotting his downfall. The footnotes included in his sections also allow him to explain  certain things or wander slightly off-topic. With a film of this book already in the pipeline, I can see fights breaking out in Hollywood for this part. <br />This book has been described as the next Harry Potter - well, they are both about boys and magic, but that's about as far as it goes. While there's no-one in the Harry Potter series as funny as Bartimaeus, there's nobody in this book with the menace of Voldemort. Where Harry attends Hogwart's and has Hermione and Ron, it would appear that Nathaniel has rarely even left his master's house and no friends his own age. Furthermore, while there's barely a flaw in Harry's character, Nathaniel has many. However, \\"The Amulet of Samarkand\\" deserves to be every bit as popular as any book in the Harry Potter series - it's an excellent story that's very well told.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|By the time Firefly rolled around, I was a fan who'd already been burned three times by FOX's quick axing of quality programs--Strange Luck, Harsh Realm and The Lone Gunmen--so there was no way I was going to give them a fourth strike. I'd actually sworn off the network. But Firefly looked so intriguing that I decided on a compromise; I'd watch it, but I wouldn't let myself get hooked so that way I wouldn't be crushed when it was cancelled. (It was innovative, smart, and sci-fi and it was on FOX--of course it was going to be cancelled. *snort*) HA! I managed to resist for a while, but by the end of the episode &quot;Out of Gas,&quot; I was completely enthralled in spite of myself. <br />What's great about Firefly? What isn't great about Firefly? The characters are real, three-dimensional and loveable to the last one--even the surprisingly cuddly Jayne--the dialogue is snappy and witty, and the seemingly-implausible premise turns out to be one of the most original and best-executed ideas to come down the science fiction pipeline in years. It could teach the Trek franchise a thing or two, that's for sure! <br />I've already hooked two friends on the series with the DVDs, and I'm reminding myself all over again why I couldn't help but love it. But the best part is getting to see the series the way it *should* have been, in the correct order. I'm just taking it slow, trying to make it last until the movie comes out, so I won't go into withdrawal. But somehow I don't think I'll succeed, since every time I put in a DVD I end up watching all the episodes on it. *g*
B00008OLIC|5.0|In 1989, Motley Crue released the greatest album of their career. This album, &quot;Dr. Feelgood&quot; is a phenomenal album filled with out of this world riffs and beats and Vince's vocals are the best they have ever been. A lot of Motley Crue's famous hits came off of this album. Every song on the album is a classic. All the way from the opening track to the very end, the album is pure hard-core heavy metal.<br />These are the major hits that came out of this album and how much they rock.<br />2. Dr. Feelgood - An outstanding title track and probably Motley Crue's best title track to date. The riffs are excellent and the lyrcis are great. This is a real catchy tune that rocks this world. It's definately an A+.<br />5. Kickstart My Heart - THE GREATEST SONG OF THE ALBUM! Oh, my God, I have never heard a better heavy metal song than this one right here. This song is probably one of Motley Crue's best songs to date. The opening riff by Mick and Nikki is so intense and then Tommy starts banging the drums and then Vince starts screaming. The chorus line is extremely outstanding. This is without a doubt a Crue anthem and the music video to this song is awsome. This song is an A+, 5-Stars, Perfect 100!!!<br />6. Without You - This is the first ballad of the album. This song was written based on Tommy and Heather Locklear's relationship. The lyrics are so passionate and loving, and is definately one of the best metal ballads ever written. Vince's vocals on this album can't get any better than this. The song is definately deserves an A+.<br />7. Same Ol' Situation (SOS) - An excellent tune and a minor anthem. The riffs are great and the chorus line is very catchy. This is a great rocker to sing along to also. It deserves an A.<br />11. Time For Change - The second ballad of the album. Nikki wrote this song about the troubles he has had throughout his life. This is just at good as &quot;Without You.&quot; The whole band sings the chorus line in this one and it's phenomenal. The chorus line goes, &quot;Change. Now, it's Time For Change. Nothin' stays the same.&quot; This also earns a spot at the top of Motley Crue's ballads. It's definately an A+ all the way.<br />Those are the best songs off the album. The songs I didn't include are excellent also. These five songs are the songs that'll get you hooked on the album. It's definatley a must buy album if you are a Motley Crue fans. For those that are thinking about starting a Motley Crue collection, this is the album to start with. After you listen to the album once, you'll find yourself at the store buying another Crue album after the other (It happened to me). Order me up another Piece of Dr. Feelgood!. The chorus line goes, &quot;Change. Now, it's Time For Change. Nothin' stays the same.&quot; This also earns a spot at the top of Motley Crue's ballads. It's definately an A+ all the way.<br />Those are the best songs off the album. The songs I didn't include are excellent also. These five songs are the songs that'll get you hooked on the album. It's definatley a must buy album if you are a Motley Crue fans. For those that are thinking about starting a Motley Crue collection, this is the album to start with. After you listen to the album once, you'll find yourself at the store buying another Crue album after the other (It happened to me). Order me up another Piece of Dr. Feelgood!
B000002AZ8|5.0|Like other reviewers, I am adding this review to boost the average of the ratings.  It deserves five stars, not four or four and a half.  The higher the average rating, the more people will experience this fantastic, underrated album.
0760316414|5.0|A must have!  Whether you design cars for a living or have a passion for car design, this book is car lover's dream!  The interviews are insightful and engaging and  the knowledge shared magnificent.  Straight from the top pros in the business.  A great gift for anyone who loves cars and the art of car design as much as I do!
B0000CDLA7|3.0|There are some good songs on this recording, but who's songs are they. It's like Godsmack made some good songs that sounded like Alice in Chains &amp; Metallica when these groups weren't at their best. But to jump on the Alt -Rock train, I'm not sure if that is a progressive move. I guess it takes too much effort to come up with some new. Maybe they are tired of being Dream Theater and want to be Tool for a while.
B000059POY|4.0|This satire, based on Terry Southern's novel of the same name, does not have the book's bite and is dated, but it is still loads of fun, with a tremendous cast and crew. As a matter of fact, probably the only principle you will not know is the star -- Swedish teen model Ewa Aulin, who is absolutely stunning (in a blonde naive pouty way) in her acting debut. Everyone else is quite recognizable -- Richard Burton as the narcissistic poet with a giant need, Ringo Starr as a Mexican gardener with political issues, James Coburn as an ego-driven surgeon, John Astin as the lecherous uncle, Walter Matthau as a megalomaniacal general, Charles Aznavour as a physically handicapped criminal and Marlon Brando as a guru travelling in the back of a semi. (If it sounds bizarre, that's because it is!)<br /><br />The crew is nothing to sneeze at, either, wih Doug Trumbull (Blade Runner) on special effects, Fellini cinematographer Giuseppe Rotunno behind the camera, Buck Henry writing the script, and Dave Grusin (with the help of The Byrds and Steppenwolf) writing the music. Unfortunately the weak link is director Christian Marquand, who rarely seems in control of his actors or the action.<br />I'm puzzled about the film's advertising, which asks &#34;Is Candy faithful? Only to the book!&#34; because it seems inappropriate to ask if Candy is faithful to anyone here. Rather, she is continually and persistently accosted by older men who abuse her trusting and giving nature in order to use her body. How can she be faithful to lechers who want one-night stands? It seems that the marketing guys are using poor Candy too!<br /><br />The film is definitely flawed but marvelously entertaining in a time-warp-ish way. Aulin is just beautiful, and it's great fun to watch Burton and Brando and all the rest ham it up. If Marquand had had a better grip on things, this could have been a classic. As it is, it's a curiosity that will probably entice you to read the book and look for other Aulin films!<br /><br />The dvd has decent extras including: a trailer, radio spots, stills and interesting cast & crew bios.including: a trailer, radio spots, stills and interesting cast & crew bios.
B000089RVX|5.0|Like most reviewers, I absolutely adored this CD. When I first heard Evanescence's song 'Bring me to Life', all I could think was &quot;What an AMAZING voice&quot;! Amy Lee's voice is beautiful and haunting all wrapped into one.<br />Unlike many CD's where there is only 1 'good' song on the entire CD, this is quite the opposite. I have yet to skip over any of the tracks when I am listening to it. The most beautiful song on the entire CD is 'My Immortal'. What an amazing song. The first time I heard it, I actually wept. Whoever says that Amy Lees' voice is not mesmerizing in its power is just weird.<br />Who cares what genre this CD is under. If I like music, I like it, I do not care under what genre it originates from. Good music is good music. This is an awesome CD. I recommend it wholeheartedly.
B00005JME0|4.0|As a teenage girl I have to admit part of me went to see Ashton Kutcher, but I was really blown away by the movie. You really feel like you know the characters; I was completely involved in the story. The concept is really intriguing and the shots are done really well. I thought some of the dialogue got kinda cheesey, but it was definitely worth my money.
B000002J0B|5.0|Led Zeppelin is great.  I love the almost videogame-ish sound of &quot;The Crunge&quot;.  &quot;Over the Hills and Far Away&quot; is one of the few songs that can start out as an accoustic but half way through, introduces an electric guitar into the song.  All the songs are awesome, as to be expected with Led Zeppelin.  <BR>LPs are better, but the CD sounds great!
B000084T18|1.0|Like the last gasp of a boiling lobster, Many Men (Wish Death) is only really listenable after carefully inserting your fists into your ears. Don't worry about getting them out again - there's more on this album you'll want to not hear too. Track 5, In Da Club is simply terrible. That's it, no further explanation needed. Once music was a simple thing. People played a jolly tune into a recording device, people played it and danced about a bit. Now we need professional psychiatric care for an audience assaulted by the likes of track six, High All the Time on a regular basis.<br />  Five people died whilst Heat was being created. I can only say that they are the lucky ones and missed out on what sounds like my guitar gently weeping (pus that is). I had to abandon listening to track 8, If I Can't after my nose and ears began to bleed. Like My Style (feat. Tony Yayo of G Unit)? No, no, no, no and no. Horrible. Like 50 Cent's own internal organs attempting to end it all towards the end of the track.
B00000HYXB|5.0|I love Blind Guardian I always have but whin I got this cd my love for Blind Guardian was set in stone. With amazing songs like &quot;Into the Storm&quot; and &quot;Nightfall&quot; and &quot;Mirror Mirror&quot; who could blame me. Another thing this cd has going for it is that it is based in Lord of the Rings a defenate plus. So get this cd.
0060926317|4.0|The author states in her forward that this is not about all aboriginals but a small select group and they are what this  story pertains to.  It is listed as fiction and that is what it is. Even though it is fiction, it still has an important message to those of us who are open-minded and like to make up their own minds as to whether or not there is any validity in what she has to say.   <br />The author is summoned to Australia and invited to meet with an an aboriginal tribe.  She thinks it is going to be a luncheon deal and ends up going on a walk-about with them.  What she learned about the nature of these people and their beliefs was fascinating.  They were here for over 50,000 years, according to the author (doubtful), one of the first ever.  <br />She said they could communicate through telepathy and didn't need to speak because of the purity in their souls-also said because of their purity they didn't need Jesus (this is where we know for sure it is fiction).  We, the mutants, cannot because we have too much in our minds that we don't want others to see and want to hide from others, so we can't open up to telepathy.  Possessions are very important to us and to them it is not.  The simple life, void of jealousy, greed, stress, hate, etc. has made them a people who live to be a hundred and twenty years old.  When they finally decide that they want to move on to a new life and leave this one they have a celebration and then they just shut down their bodies and die and come to another phase in their being.  Interesting thought.<br />The things that they ate are certainly not what we would be used to and would make many of us gag at the thought, but it was interesting that while we tend to get senile and lose our eyesight and hearing as we age, they didn't seem to, they were very alert and healthy.  They had there own system of healing that, if true, would be absolutely amazing, but (?)....!  <br />It was interesting also, that, in their secret hide-a-way, they hadtheir history painted on their walls, showing that there had probably been nuclear testing and flying saucers indicating aliens-which at one time I thought could be possible, but upon reflection, I think they would have been man-made and if there were any odd looking characters flying them it would more likely be Satan's demons or the like.<br />According to her story, they have practiced environmental care for as long as they have been on earth and yet have now decided to not have anymore children because the earth is being destroyed an cannot sustain life much longer unless we take better care of it.  <br />She says she has been chosen to send their message with hopes that enough will listen.  I really enjoyed the book and know that there were many truths in it that we would benefit from, if heeded, and then there are some that each individual needs to realize that are subtle propaganda and dangerous to an unsuspecting Christian.  It is a book that will make you think.  Give it a try!
B00006879E|5.0|I first heard of Maroon 5 on the radio when I heard the song &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot;.  It was the best song I had ever heard.  After some searching on the internet, I found the CD and I absolutly love this CD.  I crank it up loud as I do homework.  WIth a great beat and incredible lyrics, nothing else compares.
6303379214|5.0|This is one of the best romantic comedies!  The age-old concept of star-crossed lovers is beautifully portrayed by the always charming and talented Robert Downey Jr. and the wonderful Marisa Tomei.  It's a must see for all romantic comedy lovers.
B0000CFW87|5.0|The first time I heard Josh sing I was completely hooked even though I had no idea who he was. Since then I have become an avid fan, I own his debut cd, his PBS special DVD and now I own Closer hi follow up cd. I actually own three copies of Closer and have bought many more to give as gifts!! There is no better singer for this type of music and there never will be.
B00005JME0|5.0|People who say \\"this movie made no sense\\" were not paying attention. Everything in this movie was deliberate. It is very difficult to find a hole in this plot if you are reasonably smart and are actually trying to follow the story (rather than, say, laughing because hahaha amputees are funny, some jackass in the theatre thought ashton with no arms was a real riot). It is rare for a movie that sets up so many mysteries to do such a thorough job of answering every question it brings the audience to ask.<br />It was one of the most engrossing films I have ever seen. It takes you on an (admittedly very dark) journey through the process of changing the past, and does it well. It's an interesting, novel take on the often poorly-done theme of time travel. This was one of the best movies I have ever seen, though I admit that it was so intense and disturbing at times that I almost wanted to leave (it seemed impossible that it could end in any remotely satisfying way). However, I was VERY GLAD to have stayed, as the movie had good resolution and, after offering many ambiguous and unsatisfying outcomes, tied up loose ends.<br />I strongly recommend this movie if you think you have the stamina for witnessing some pretty messed up stuff. I promise you, it works out ok in the end.
B0000CD5FN|5.0|Just simply incredible.  I could play this 50, 60 times straight.  Every song is masterful.  Absolutely one of the best albums I've ever bought.
6305696071|4.0|Pretty Woman is a great movie but the DVD could have been a better quality with improved picture and sound.  I see a lot of cynical reviews on this site but this is a Hollywood movie not real life.  Though it may never happen, this movie's story is entertaining and good fun that warms the heart.
B00006J3T4|5.0|If you have flirted at all with the recent roots based music phenomenon (Krauss + Union Station, T Bone Burnett, et al), take a break and buy something new and fresh but still created out of the folk tradition.  This album is so acoustic you can scarcely make out the lyrics on some songs, but it is deep, textured, layered and rich in every respect.  The songs are interesting throughout, Knopfler's guitar work never sounded better, and it all makes for an entirely pleasing listening experience.  This album is greatly under-recognized and should have come up on the &quot;year's best&quot; lists.  He's a treasure.  We're lucky to have him.  Don't hesitate to buy this.  It will fill out any music lover's collection.
B00000JCOV|5.0|(SIC) Has to be one of the most punishing songs ever created. It's not as 100% hardcore as some of their other songs, But it's intro's speed and intensity gets you hooked. And what is wrong with &quot;'someone who knows about music'from 'straight outta compton&quot;? (he's about five or so reviewers down)What an idiot! for God's sake he said &quot;HEMOGLOBIN&quot;! And if gangster rap is your thing, than why are you going to even bother reviewing a Slipknot album for. Anyways... good tunes. Worth the cash!
B0000C7PSW|5.0|This CD was my first experience with Rufus.  I bought it on high recomendations from friends.  I got it, put it in my car, and immedietly thought what the heck is this stuff.  I didn't understand the meaning of his lyrics, or the stories he was telling.  Fortunately the some of the tunes were catchy and I listened to it a few times as opposed to just popping it into my CD player.  Listening to rufus is like reading a good book as opposed to pop fiction.  Give him your attention and enough time to make his point.  You won't regret it.
0553573403|4.0|There are certainly a number of reasons that one could criticize these books, but reading through the one star reviews, I get the sense that some bible-belt wacko book burners all got together to flood these reviews with trollfood. Please take your morality somewhere else - inflict it on your children if you must, but I am an adult and I enjoyed the scene where Eddard Stark takes the head of a deserter in front of his 8 yr old son in the name of honor. That is good fantasy. Criticizing the books from your pseudo-christian perspective betrays the value of a public rating system and the spirit of literary critique.<br />Imagine how poor our literary history would be if all books had been judged against a christian ethic. This is exactly why we don't want your religion in our schools or government.
B0000062Y2|4.0|Jesus Christ Superstar was, is, and always will be one of the most creative and outstanding rock collaborations of all time.  The original cast recording is by far the best of all the recordings that have been made in the last three decades, but the one for the film comes in a well-deserved second.<br />Naturally the Original Cast is the best, and I would reccommend that over this in a heartbeat.  But this is also a great CD.  First off, Carl Anderson is simply amazing as Judas.  He sings with such emotion and has incredible technique, it may bring tears to your eyes.  Ted Neeley is a different story.  He has an OK voice, but sometimes it sounds very strange and he kind of portrays Jesus as whimpery and it gets mildly annoying.  But in other parts, he flourishes.  Yvonne Elliman expresses Mary Magdalene wonderfully, and Barry Dennen's portrayal of Pontious Pilate is stronger than ever, while Joshua Mostel is funny and unique as King Herod.<br />Key Tracks:<br />-&quot;Heaven On Their Minds&quot;: Anderson's melancholy opening is incredible, and sets up the emotion for the album.<br />-&quot;Simon Zealotes&quot;: Larry T. Marshall is awesome as Zealotes and really brings a lot of energy into what I believe to be the best song of the play.<br />-&quot;The Temple&quot;: One of Neeley's better moments, I love this scene in the movie and he really hits the emotion during his &quot;My temple should be...&quot; bit.<br />-&quot;I Don't Know How To Love Him&quot;: Elliman shines as Mary, and the emotion is much stronger than I have ever heard.<br />-&quot;King Herod's Song&quot;: Mostel's humorous portrayal of Herod makes this song funny, yet still quite dark.<br />-&quot;Could We Start Again Please?&quot;: This was the first album to have this song.  It is a beautiful song, and one of the best on the album.<br />-&quot;Trial Before Pilate&quot;: Dennen is incredible in this song.  Amazingly powerful.<br />The only thing that is bad about this CD is the sound quality.  But I've looked beyond on that and I love this CD.  Buy it along with the original.  And buy the movie too.yond on that and I love this CD.  Buy it along with the original.  And buy the movie too.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|This movie is so much fun to watch over and over again.  Al Pacino gives a mesmerizing performance as a drug lord in Miami.  My favorite scene in the movie was near the end after he killed his best friend.  There he was in his office with all the money and power he could possible have, yet so unhappy!!!  That look on his face is just captivating!!  By the way, I read that some viewers complained about the 1980's music soundtrack in the movie.  What do you expect when a movie is made in 1983????  HELLO????
B000002B1M|4.0|How do you follow up the arguable greatest hip-hop album of all time? Very few, if any, artists can truthfully answer \\"with another classic\\". Nas Escobar is one of the few that would not sound absurd in claiming that he did this. Is It Was Written another classic, or is it a poor follow-up to one of the greatest albums ever? Some of the songs on It Was Written are just as good as on Illmatic. \\"I Gave You Power\\", which is arguably one of the best tracks on the album, features Nas taking the unique perspective of a gun, and exploring the feelings that a weapon has. <BR>(...)The moody, semi-orchestral and melodramatic track from DJ Premier only accentuates Nas' depressing street tale.<BR>\\"The Message\\" uses a great sample that befits the update of Grandmaster Flash's original. The actual message behind the track isn't that clear, but after a few listens, one truly begins to understand the depth behind the song. That's the name of the game here: depth. All of the songs, both lyrically and production wise, hold up to repeated listens. In this day and age replay value means everything. And this album is one you can still listen to in 2004.<BR>But what about the singles? Most everyone has heard \\"If I Ruled The World\\" and \\"Street Dreams\\", two of Nas' more criticized songs. For what reason is beyond me. For those who haven't heard, \\"If I Ruled The World\\" is a classic introspective Nas track that demonstrates Nas proving his lyrical wizardry once again. In this song, he rhymes about what he would do if he happened to rule the world.(...)<BR>\\"Street Dreams\\" is a reimagining of The Eurthymic's \\"Sweet Dreams\\". What people forget when they criticize these two songs for being commercial is their actual skill.<BR>For their time, they were some of the first songs to be both commercial and critically successful. This album represents one of the first hip-hop albums to straddle the critical and commercial divide successfully. Anyone who says that this album is mediocre is wrong. It's aseriously good album with a bit of filler (\\"Live Nigga Rap\\" and \\"Nas is Coming\\"). The reason why most people say it is because they compare it to the likes of Illmatic. You can't do that. Nobody can do that, not even Nas.<BR>So to make a long story short this is Nas' second classic, and should be considered one of the best albums of all time.
B00005N83M|3.0|Two years after her lackluster debut, Jennifer Lopez, now known as the street-smart J Lo, released her sophomore album, the aptly titled \\"J Lo\\". 2001, the year that this was released, seemed to be the year when every artist was trying to get street-cred and enlisted the help of many rappers to do so. Of course, J Lo was no exception. Once again, J Lo had a hand in writing a few of the tracks and enlisted the help of some of the same writers as before (notably, P Diddy and Mario Winans). The main difference between this album and her debut is that \\"J Lo\\" has more upbeat tracks whereas \\"On The 6\\" had more ballads. Otherwise, they're virtually interchangeable.    \\"J Lo\\" starts off with possibly her biggest hit, \\"Love Don't Cost A Thing\\" which actually has a decent message. In this song, J Lo tries to tell her man that \\"all that matters is that you treat me right, give me all the things I need that money can't buy\\". In other words, he's trying to buy her love, which he already has, and what she needs is to spend time with him. The major downside to this song is the mediocre lyrics and almost excessive amounts of slang. However, unlike on her debut, the bridge of the song is lyrically the high point even though vocally it is not much different. Subsequently, come two of J Lo's other singles, \\"I'm Real\\" and \\"Play\\". \\"I'm Real\\" has an extremely clichd theme and decent lyrics. It is actually one of the better songs of this theme though it does have some unaccredited rapper (I think it's P Diddy but I'm not sure) muttering phrases in the background. \\"Play\\" was co-written by pop singer Christina Milian. This song has little to offer in the way either vocals or lyrics but it is a decent enough dance song.    Next comes one of the most irritating tracks, \\"Walking On Sunshine\\". The lyrics were written by no less then eight people including J Lo, herself. Unfortunately, despite the number of writers, the song still just doesn't work. Both the lyrics and the vocals are extremely grating. Next comes my personal favourite J Lo song, not just on the album but also of her entire career, \\"Ain't It Funny\\". Unlike most of J Lo's other Latin-influence songs, \\"Ain't It Funny\\" pulls off the style beautifully with great lyrics and even her vocals are better than usual.  After that come three subpar tracks, \\"Carino\\", \\"Come Over\\" and \\"We Gotta Talk\\". \\"Carino\\" is an English track with a couple of scattered Spanish words and has a generally awkward sound to it. \\"Come Over\\" is J Lo's attempt and a seductive ballad. Though her voice doesn't sound half bad, there's something about this song that just doesn't work. The lyrics are nice, the vocals are decent but something on this track seems out of place. \\"We Gotta Talk\\" is the typical upbeat song. The lyrics could have told a sweet story however the way they are sung kind of ruins it.    Following this comes another personal favourite song, \\"That's Not Me\\". Like in most J Lo songs the background singers' presence is far to obvious but for once it adds to the effect of the song instead of taking away from it. The lyrics are truly touching and tell a wonderful story about how J Lo's man expects her to baby him like his mother did. The vocals work very well although they could have been a little more emotive.  Afterwards come another two weak tracks called \\"Dance With Me,\\" and \\"Secretly\\". \\"Dance With Me\\" is often difficult to distinguish from the aforementioned \\"We Gotta Talk\\" and since there is nothing special to distract the listener, the background singers' presence is once again too obvious. \\"Secretly\\" is somewhat similar to \\"Come Over\\". It's a slow ballad that just doesn't seem to fit in. As well, it seems that the background singers are doing the majority of the singing and J Lo only adds a few words here and there.     The final five tracks are a mix of good and not so good, with, unfortunately, more missteps then not. \\"I'm Gonna Be Alright\\" starts the group off and it is probably the best of the final five. It at first appears to be just a typical dance track but it has the positive message to at least add some substance. It gives the message of being okay after someone you love leaves you. The second of the five is \\"That's The Way\\" which is, once again, similar to \\"Dance With Me\\" and \\"We Gotta Talk\\" so it really doesn't stand out. After that are two Spanish tracks called \\"Dame (Touch Me)\\" which is a duet with someone named Chayanne and \\"Si Ya Se Acabo\\". I do not speak Spanish so I can't comment too much on these two tracks. To me, they don't stand out too much but they would probably be better if I understood them. The final track is a remix to \\"I'm Real\\" with Ja Rule. This song is probably the sole reason for the \\"explicit lyric\\" warning on the front. It's a decent enough remix but it is not exactly necessary.    Overall Mark: 3/5    Overall, this album is only slightly better than J Lo's debut. Although the album does contain my two favourite J Lo songs ever (\\"Ain't It Funny\\" and \\"That's Not Me\\") it, like both other J Lo albums seem to value style over substance.  There is nothing wrong with an artist changing styles over time but J Lo only has three albums and each one is a completely different style. It seems that J Lo realizes her vocals are limited and her lyrics are generally subpar or average so she sticks to style and catchy beats to sell records rather than quality music. Most of all though, J Lo needs to rely less on background singers.
079213690X|4.0|Loosely based on the historical figure William Wallace and the Scotish struggle for autonomy from English rule during the 12th and 13th centuries, Braveheart is an action-packed, sometimes moving, epic film.  I tend to be leary of such Hollywood renditions of history, but I have to admit that I enjoy the movie.  In particular, I think that the graphic fight scenes are a fairly good portrayal of what such hand-to-hand fighting would have been like, although it is likely that in reality it would not have been as dramatic since the crush of men would have been somewhat restrictive.  My only complaint is the sappy romance between William Wallace and the Princess of Wales--the movie would have worked just as well without it.  Overall, though, a very good and entertaining movie.
0385504209|5.0|The fascinating aspect of this book is the author's brilliant weaving of fact, conspiracy, and fiction.  Most reviews I've seen on this book are either highly positive, or highly negative.  That is due to the contraversial theories presented, and because the author presents them with known facts or ideas, the reader begins to wonder how much of the story is actually fiction.  The book is dotted with mathematical theories and versions of history that I was not privvy to, which made it an uncommonly rich story.  It is emotionally engaging and has a clever way of pulling you into its world... I wish I could go into more detail, but you'll see!  I read it in two days.<br />I actually took notes while reading the book because I wanted to keep track of what the author was presenting as fact.  This book extends beyond its pages.  There is a world of historical issues and science that I didn't know existed, but find intriguing.  I may not agree with all of it, but it's refueled my interest in history, math, art and architecture.
B0000CFW87|5.0|This CD is gorgeous.  Josh's voice continues to mature in texture and depth and has become richer and more glorious. His range is amazing, and he ignites the songs with a throbbing passion that evokes the deepest feelings. There isn't a song on this masterpiece that is anything less than perfect. #12 &quot;You Raise me Up&quot; is breathtaking. His DVD is every bit as stunning as this CD.
B000067J1H|5.0|this movie is the best just like palmira, if you dont like this movie you must be on crack and stealing hubcaps for a living.
0375432302|4.0|I read this book in one setting beause I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next.  As to be expected, less sophisticated readers miss the point entirely which is that this is first and foremost a mystery.  Secondly, as all novels go, fiction is about escapism and so the characters are supposed to have larger than life adventures.  Finally, and most importantly, this book is NOT anti-Catholic, anti-Christian, or anti-Christ.  The &quot;bad guy&quot; in the book deliberately paints the Catholic church as evil but it is a plot devise and the Catholic church is exonerated in the end.  But if you have been too offended to bother to read that far, you wouldn't have known that.<br />As for the discussions of theology, is it so bad that a NOVEL should inspire casual, even regular church goers to ponder the meaning of Jesus' live and his message and what could have happened if history had taken a different turn of events?  Brown uses factual events and real people only to embellish the PLOT, not to make a statement.  Any theology scholor will agree that the Bible as we know it is highly edited and, yes, edited by Men.  It is also a fact that there were other gospels written that were not included in the bible.  Why?  Because the editors wanted a specific message to come across.  Despite their best efforts, a thorough reading of the &quot;canonized&quot; bible finds it full of inconsistecies (Genesis is a good place to start as the inconsistencies begin in the first chapter of the first book).  Should good Christians feel under attack because someone points out these inconsistencies?  No.  This is a book written by many sources and each of them had a diffent view of the same events and would have emphasized those things that were most important to them.  Inconsistencies are not necessarily a sign of imperfection, rather, the different versions put together provide us with a deeper and fuller picture of what these ancient holy men wanted to impart about the religion..
B000002IZ4|5.0|Core has 5 great songs, but mediocre others.  4 was a good comeback from the awful Tiny Music.  But, when I look back at my favorite grunge albums, Purple easily ranks in my top 3 with Pearl Jam's Vs. and Alice In Chain's Dirt.  Every song is great and unique.  It starts out hard with Meatplow and Vasoline, but also has one of the best power ballads of all time in Big Empty.  If you like rock and you don't own this album, this is a must have
B000062XM7|5.0|An excellent adaptation of the classic James Fenimore Cooper novel, The Last of the Mohicans is a truly powerful movie of love and the perpetual struggle for survival and freedom on the American Frontier (northern New York) of the 1750s.  I think that this film succeeds in capturing the spirit of the era, a time when the British control over the Americas was beginning to crumble, and the French were making one last attempt--which would ultimately end in failure--to exert its influence in the region.  Important in the movie is the manner in which the Indians are portrayed, as proud, dignified peoples who were struggling to maintain their cultures while caught in the powerful tide of European encroachment.  All to often, Indians have been unjustly and quite lamentably portrayed in the movies, and such a sympathetic and seemingly quite accurate portrayal is refreshing.  As always, though, in terms of historical accuracy in terms of plot and chronology, the movie is not to be trusted, as indeed can be said for the book as well.
B000001A3H|5.0|I had purchased this album on recommendation from an older friend in 1992, and have had to purchase two more copies since. There is only one way to describe this release,&quot;Simply Spectacular&quot;. While it may be heavy, it is simply an album full of warmth and plenty of groove. Kyuss is much more on the realm of &quot;thinking mans&quot; music then what they get credit for, and Chris Goss knew it. From start to finish, this album is a 50 million year trip with complex tempo and melodic changes. John Garcia may not have the voice of an opera singer, but it is used as just another instrument, and is absolutely vital to the cohesiveness of this band. Thumb, Green machine and Allen's Wrench may be the movers of this album, but all parts between and beyond is simple beauty.<br />Appothecaries Weight is astounding. While many believe this song is an instumental, it indeed has lyrics. Try for yourself and listen through headphones and without distraction, I think you will be surprised. John Garcia's Voice is turned from rasping cigarette laden growling, to muze like whispers. And once you hear the most obvious lyrical content, everytime you listen, more words will work their way out to you. <br />Then go to Nick Oliveri's project song on this album, Mondo Generator. Although this is a song about a journey into psycidelic hell, it is definately a groovy one. I listened to this song at night travelling west on the Chicago Skyway and had constant chills the whole ride. <br />From Start to finish, this album is a journey through the mind and the senses, and contrary to what you may think, you don't need to be stoned to appreciate it. Without a doubt, is within the top 5 albums of all time for me, and should be for you as well.
0385504209|5.0|I thought this book was wonderful.  It is well written and very interesting.  I recommend this book to my friends and family.
B00003CXD5|5.0|This is a first rate classic movie, still extremely enjoyable today.  Bogart at his best along with a strong cast and the almost perfect direction of movie icon John Huston.  It is one of those films you need for your collection and you will watch it many times.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is probably one of the best-done television shows I've ever seen.  If you are a fan of science fiction, or if you are a fan of Wheedon's work (Buffy, Angel), you must buy and watch this series.  Just be prepared for the heartbreak; this is all there is, the show was cancelled prematurely.  Take heart that rumors of a movie currently abound.<BR>Even if you aren't normally a fan of science fiction, or westerns, or Joss Wheedon, you too will likely fall in love with this strange alchemy of compact writing, deft casting, and superb acting that has captured the attention of so many viewers.
B000002H2H|5.0|This spectacular stand up comedy play &quot;Ride the Horse&quot; featuring Ben Stiller is absolutly histarical....buy this album and find out for yourself!!!
B00004T8RK|5.0|Thank Godness I bought this album! This was the first PJ album I ever bought. I never heard Pearl Jam before, cuz out here in Latvia Pearl Jam was indeed not popular at the peak of their career, and they're still not no.1 stars out here, but then one day I heard someone mentioning that this band was really great, so I bought Binarual. I was surprised by Binarual's alternative touch, and at first I didn't like it. What a f.....g fool I was. Then I discovered it was not as bad at all and later I discovered that it is actually the best album I've bought since... Later I bought Ten, and once again I was surprised by how grungy the album sounded. Every next PJ album I bought still surprised me with how different they were and I had to get some time to get used to them, but now I think that every PJ album is the best ever in every single way! <br />So if You are going to buy something from Pearl Jam, go ahead! You won't regret it!<br />Binarual's setlist:<br />1. Brakerfall (8\10) - A great album opener and a great rock&amp;roll song. Led Zeppelin forever!<BR>2. God's Dice (7\10) - This is the song I liked the least from the album,written by PJ bassist Jeff Ament, but it is still not bad.<BR>3. Evacuation (8\10) - The chorus and the bridge somehow fascinate me. Funny song.<BR>4. Light Years (9\10) - A song with a pleasant, positive and light touch.<BR>5. Nothing as it Seems (10\10) - This song is also written by Jeff Ament. First single from the album, very spooky and dark.<BR>6. Light Years (9\10) - semi acoustic love song written by Stone Gossard. Cute.<BR>7. Insignificance (10\10) - Superb rock song. should've been a single.<BR>8. Of the Girl (10\10) - Don't have words to describe it! One of my favourites. Excellent!<BR>9. Grievance (8\10) - Could have been a little better. I like the first line very much though.<BR>10. Rival (9\10) - Interesting rock &amp; roll song again, with good arrangments, backing vocals and cool lyrics.<BR>11. Sleight of Hand (10\10) - My second favourite song in this album with chrashing lyrics and perfect sad tune.<BR>12. Soon Forget (20\10) - Veder's acoustic solo is magnificent! No doubt, the biggest highlight in the album. Lyrics remind me my friend a little.<BR>13. Parting Ways (9\10) - In my opinion it's a great song to end the album. It has some strings in it too. If you listen a little after the song, you can hear someone writing on a type writer. I guess it's Eddie writing the lyrics.<br />Overall - (9.8\10)
B00008AWOD|1.0|This hurried album sounds like a collection of bad b-sides. The other 3 Placebo albums are much better, lyrically and musically. The only good songs on here are This Picture and Special Needs. The rest is obvious filler.
B0000029LG|5.0|HIStory (the 2nd disk, HIStory continues) is in my view, without a doubt, Michael Jackson's best recording to date. When I first heard the album, it all felt so familiar to me, like something from my past... that's not to say it sounds ripped off from his previous work or anything. That's not at all what I'm trying to say. But it does create a pleasant sense of Deja Vu...<BR>Anyway, I will now review the songs listed on the 2nd disk of HIStory.<br />SCREAM<br />This song is a duet Michael sings with his sister, Janet. It's a good song, nice production too. They sing about how they are sick of the truth being confused and people being unfair.<br />PRODUCTION: Sounds like people are angry and are making a mess, throwing stuff around, etc. Kind of... clashy and noisy. But it works. 8/10.<BR>SONG RATING: 7.5/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"With such confusions, don't it make you want to scream... you bash abusing victimised within the scheme\\".<BR>\\"Stop pressuring me, just stop pressuring me, stop pressuring me, makes me want to scream\\".<br />THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT US<br />I don't really remember, but apparently this song was controversial at the time, a lot of people complaining about supposedly racist lines such as, \\"Jew me, sue me, everybody do me. Kick me, kike me, don't you black and white me\\". Actually, Michael wasn't being racist, he was saying what OTHER people say about Jews, not what he personally thinks. But the song itself is excellent, one of my favourites. The rhyme and rhythm is perfect. I think this song is kind of, semi-rap, you know, talked in parts instead of sung.<br />PRODUCTION:  Very nice, very nice indeed. There is a constant and addictive drum beat playing throughout the song, which reminds you of one of those clapping games children play. Also, there are guitar interludes twice through the song that sound a bit like the start of 'Beat It' from the Thriller album. They really do keep things interesting. 10/10.<BR>SONG RATING: 9.9/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"Tell me,what has become of my rights? Am I invisible because you ignore me? Your proclamation promised me free liberty, now\\".<BR>\\"Skin head, dead head, everybody gone bad. Situation, aggravation,everybody allegation. In the suite, on the news, everybody dog food. Bang bang, shock dead, everybody's gone mad\\".<br />STRANGER IN MOSCOW<br /> A cool song. It begins with the sound of rain, which goes into about 1 minute of the song and Michael's voice just slips into the song neatly, like he's calling from the rain or something. This song is autobiographical, Michael said he wrote it in a hotel room in Moscow. Slow kind of song, but extremally SMOOTH.<br />PRODUCTION: Simple but that's all the song really needs. As I mentioned before, it includes the sound of rain at the beginning. Kind of soothing. 8/10<BR>SONG RATING: 7.5/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"Here abandoned in my fame, armageddon of the brain. Kgb was doggin' me, take my name and just let me be\\".<BR>\\"How does it feel... when you're alone and you're cold inside?\\".<br />THIS TIME AROUND<br />Not one of my favourites on the album, still quite good, seems to be about the (untrue)1993 allegations. Yes, a little 'up yourself', but not overly so and not without good reason.<br />PRODUCTION: The production is good and really makes the song. It lists someone called \\"Dallas Austin\\" as a co-producer, he seems quite good. Keeps having this little keyboard (I think) sound every now and then, like in 'Remember the Time\\". Works well. 8/10.<BR>SONG RATING: 6/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"Somebody's out. Somebody's out to use me. They really want to use me and then falsely accuse me\\".<BR>\\"He really thought, he really had a hold on me. He really thought, they really had control of me\\".<br />EARTH SONG<br />This song has a really nice message, sort of along the lines of Heal the World. The song itself is a masterpiece. It progresses, finally building up to a nice finish.<br />PRODUCTION: Not really to my taste, apart from in the chorus, where it feels likea wave moving along. But there is good choir singing and the production does suit the song. 6/10<BR>SONG RATING: 9.10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"Did you ever stop to notice all the blood we've shed before? Did you ever stop this notice this crying earth its weeping shores?\\".<BR>\\"What about the men? What about the crying man? What about Abraham? What about death again? Do we give a damn?\\".<br />D.S.<br />This song should be called T.S, as it is about Tom Sneddon. Probably exaggerated, but probably true. I won't explain about Tom Sneddon now, but listen to the song. It's a heavy-rock type song, bit of a different genre from what Michael normally prefers, but it makes a good change. Clever lyrics.<br />PRODUCTION: I enjoy the production on this one. Guitar played by Slash from Guns and Roses, who seems to be making regular appearances on MJ's albums. It's an angry sort of a song, so it uses very strong production. 9/10<BR>SONG RATING: 7/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"They wanna get my ass dead or alive. You know he really tried to take me down by surprise. I bet he missioned with the CIA. He don't do half what he say\\".<BR>\\"Tom Sneddon is a cold man\\".<br />MONEY<br />Like They Don't Care About Us, this song is a bit rap sounding. But unlike T.D.C.A.U, it's 90% rap except for the chorus. I think the chorus is beautiful. I think it's sad. Interesting song, and again, clever lyrics.<br />PRODUCTION: You know the Pink Floyd song 'Money'? Well, it's similar to that. Also similar to \\"Workin' Day and Night' from MJ's 'Off the Wall'. I guess it's best described as clanging, or ching-ching. Goodness me, I can't describe it. 8.5/10<BR>SONG RATING: 6/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"If you show me the cash, then I will take it.<BR>If you tell me to cry, then I will fake it. If you give me a hand, Then I will shake it. You do anything for money...\\".<BR>\\"Anything, anything, anything for money. Would lie for you. Would die for you. Even sell my soul to the devil\\".<br />COME TOGETHER<br />Lots of people wonder why Michael put this song, a cover version of the Beatles, on the album. The reason seems to yet again, refer back to the 1993 allegations. As this song is apparently about a child molesterer, as seen from the child's point of view. Indeed, the album seems to be making rather a theme of the '93 allegations, with song lyrics such as those for Scream, They Don't Care About Us, This Time Around, D.S., Money and 2Bad. Listen to those songs and you'll see what I mean.<br />PRODUCTION: No offence to the Beatles, but far superior to their version. But in the Beatles favour, an excellent song in the first place. Good rock'and'roll sound. 9.5/10<BR>SONG RATING: 9/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"Here come old flat top! He come groovin' up slowly. He got jew jew eyeballs, he want holy rollers. He got hair down to his knees. Got to be a joker, he just do what he please\\".<BR>\\"He say I know you, you know me. One thing I can tell you is<BR>you got to be free. Come together, right now. Over me\\".<br />YOU ARE NOT ALONE<br />This song made it to #1 but in all honestly, I can't see why. Written by R.Kelly but not one of his better efforts. This song gets boring surprisingly quickly. Almost like background music, or easy-listening. The lyrics are quite nice though.<br />PRODUCTION: Well, it opens nicely. It's acceptable but like the song, pretty boring. 5/10<BR>SONG RATING: 4/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"You never said goodbye. Someone tell me why did you have to go? And leave my world so cold?\\".<BR>\\"But you are not alone, for I am here with you. Though we're far apart, you're always in my heart. But you are not alone\\".<br />CHILDHOOD<br />This song is slow and very sweet. As recently said by Michael Jackson himself on 60 Minutes, it's the most honest, most autobiographical song he's ever written. Very melodic, he has done a good job. Don't see how anyone can dislike him after hearing it.<br />PRODUCTION: Production isn't really an issue in this song, the melody is strong enough it doesn't have to lean on production for support. It could have just as easily been sung a capella. 5/10. <BR>SONG RATING: 9.5/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"Have you seen my Childhood? I'm searching for the world that I come from. 'Cause I've been looking around in the lost and found of my heart\\".<BR>\\"People say I'm not okay 'cause I love such elementary things. It's been my fate to compensate, for the Childhood I've never known...\\".<br />TABLOID JUNKIE<br />'Today, from the strange and weird fact file, singer Michael Jackson sleeps in an oxygen chamber'. Yep, this song is about the trash newspapers known as tabloids. In this song, Michael attacks them on all the false things they write about him.<br />PRODUCTION: Wooh hoo!! Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, who have also produced for Janet Jackson and Prince (as well as other tracks on HIStory and Blood on the Dance Floor), keep their place as #1 in my opinion of the Greatest Producers of All Time. The production reminds me of Janet Jackson's earlier work such as 'Rhythm Nation' or 'Miss You Much'. Same producers. 10/10<BR>SONG RATING: 8.5/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"It's slander! You say it's not a sword. But with your pen you torture men, you'd crucify the Lord\\".<BR>\\"Just because you read it in a magazine or see it on the TV screen don't make it factual\\".<br />2BAD<br />Great funky song. You gotta hear it to know. Oh, and basketball legend Shaquille O'Neil does a rap bit.<br />PRODUCTION: Once again, perfect. Kind of different, but still perfect. 10/10<BR>SONG RATING: 9/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"You ain't done enough for me. You ain't done enough for me!You are disgusting me. yeah, yeah\\".<BR>\\"Too bad, too bad about it, why don't you scream and shout it?\\"<br />HISTORY<br />This, the title track, has got to be my favourite song ever. Actually, I'm not quite sure why, it just is. It certainly isn't Michael's best song technically. But it just really appeals to me. Features lots of famous historical dates and people talking. Like a song and a history lesson in one! Lovely. The best part of the song has got to be the end where Michael is singing with other people from around the world. The song has a nice overall feel-good effect. Leaves you feeling like you shouldn't be mean to others...<br />PRODUCTION: Very good. Fits the song wonderfully. Trumpets and stuff make the song join seamlessly with the historical people talking etc. Jam and Lewis again. 10/10<BR>SONG RATING: 10/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"Every day create your History. Every path you take you're leaving your legacy\\".<BR>\\"He say one day you will see his place in world history. He dares to be recognized, the fire's deep in his eyes\\".<br />LITTLE SUSIE<br />Little Susie is incredibly underrated. It seems like you've heard this song before, even if you haven't. I find people just fall in love with it immediately! It's a song which sounds like it could have been a movie theme. Very theatrical. And spooky...<br />PRODUCTION: Wow! Contains sound clips from 'Sunrise, Sunset' which compliments the song perfectly. 9/10<BR>SONG RATING: 9/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"Somebody killed little Susie, the girl with the tune, who sings in the daytime at noon\\".<BR>\\"She lies there so tenderly, fashioned so slenderly. Lift her with care, Oh! the blood in her hair...\\".<br />SMILE<br />Done 'as a tribute to Charlie Chaplin' and is indeed a cover version of the song Charlie Chaplin wrote. It's nicely done, it sounds old fashioned but in a good way. You've gotta catch the ending where Michael is whistling, how cute. Definitely something different. <br />PRODUCTION: Yeah, old-fashioned sounding. Nice though. A lot of violins used, I think they are. 7/10<BR>SONG RATING: 7/10<BR>SONG QUOTES: \\"Smile, though your heart is aching. Smile, even though it's breaking. When there are clouds in the sky, you'll get by... if you smile\\".<BR>\\"If you smile through your fear and sorrow. Smile, and maybe tomorrow, you'll find that life is still worthwhile, if you just smile\\". <br />Well there is my review. I hope it's helped you make your desicion on whether to buy it or not. I personally recommend it, but then again not everyone can have the same taste in music. Still, I hope you'll give it a try.<BR>God bless.
B00008PW2E|5.0|I'm sooooo disappointed at not being able to see Six Feet Under -The Second Season. I just discovered the first season, and am chomping at the bit to catch up with The Fishers. Get this out on DVD NOW!!! What a truly wonderful series this is. Please don't withhold it from non-HBO subscribers any longer!
B0000B1OFL|4.0|I'm not going to tell you that THE ITALIAN JOB is the most amazing flick ever. In fact, I'm not even going to tell you that it's a good &quot;caper comedy&quot; like the professional review at the top of the page does. I don't even know where that comes from. Granted, the movie has some funny lines, but it's no comedy.<br />What I AM going to tell you is that this is a good movie if you want a fast-paced action flick. It has clever heists, some amusing dialogue, a couple of great chase sequences, some very pituresque locales (the first part of the film was shot in Europe), and the players all give very solid performances. As another reviewer noted, this is a great popcorn flick.<br />Was THE ITALIAN JOB the most memorable movie of 2003? No, but the buzz surrounding it was pretty positive. That got me to go see it when it was in the theaters and I wasn't disappointed. I liked it well enough to get it when it came out on DVD. I think most other people will like it, too.
B000062TU1|5.0|Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was, in my opinion better than the chamber of secrets. I saw the chamber of secrets in the theater but it didn't seem like it was very good and I hope that if they make a movie for all of the books, they will all be worth watching.<br />  I'm pretty sure most of yyou reading my review will already know the story but I'll mention it anyway. The story is about a boy named Harry Potter[Daniel Radcliffe] who lives with his evil step-parents, the Dursleys. Untill, one day he gets a letter inviting him to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry since he is a wizard even though he doesn't know it. The whole story talks about how he finds out about the Sorcerer's stone which is a stone that can make anyone immortal.<br />  I thought that the movie was good except some parts weren't in the movie that were in the book, but there were very few. This is not one of the best movies in the world but it is still funto watch at times. I thought that all of the books were good but my only complaint was that sometimes the plot got a little confusing. The only person I recognize from the making of this movie was Chris Columbus. He was the directer of Home Alone which is also a good movie.<br />  The special features include: never before-seen footage, self guided tour of Hogwarts, theatrical trailer and you can perform certain activities. I tried a few of these features but I think they're more for kids.<br />  If you are a fan of Harry Potter then you should see this movie. I also think that the chamber of secrets is also worth a try.
B000002HH2|5.0|In 1993 Bjork released her debut album &quot;Debut&quot; and simultaneously created one of the most unique and original albums for years. The critics adored it and she was hard-pressed to deliver the goods on its follow-up. She more than delivered in 1995 with the masterpiece &quot;Post.&quot; A darker and more mature album than its predecessor, Post is a wonderfully epic album that revived the music scene from a deadly overdose of dance garbage and manufactured pop. It couldn't have come along at a better time.<br />Not many artists wind up producing a second album that far surpasses their debut, but Bjork - once again - is clearly the key objection to this rule. With harder beats, more creative production and a wider perspective on the world, Bjork created a masterpiece that still sounds as fresh today as it did back in 1995. One can only imagine what was going through her mind as she recorded this album. Bjork not only changed the music scene in the 1990's with this classic album, she changed my own perceptions on music.<br />&quot;Army Of Me&quot; opens the album in grand style. This is a really good opener for an album, very loud, very brash and hectic. It starts off like an electronic crash, before sliding straight into a thumping bass and percussion. It's an extremely industrial song with mechanical styles and powerful vocals from Bjork. &quot;Hyper-Ballad&quot; is the first masterpiece of the album, and works superbly when juxtaposed next to the song it follows on from. Strings and electronic pulses sweep this song along and Bjork's lyrics about throwing things off cliffs are extremely visual and commanding. &quot;The Modern Things&quot; begins with computer-synthesized beats before exploding into a whirling concoction of chaotic layering of programmed beats. Not the best song on the album, but still a good one.<br />By far the most famous song from this album comes next, &quot;It's Oh So Quiet.&quot; This still remains Bjork's only UK Top 5 song to date, and spent 15 weeks on the chart from November 1995. This song is a technicolor romp through musicals with soft and quiet verses which make way for outrageous musical bursts. Bjork's diverse voice on this song still amazes me to this very day and her complete disregard for anything commercial and stereotypical made this one of the most well-known songs of all time across Europe. &quot;Enjoy&quot; is up next and without a doubt my favourite song on the entire album. This song is more reminiscent of the first track from this album, yet it's heavier and more hectic with more industrial beats. A thumping, pulsating beat just assaults your ears as you listen to it. Bjork's voice is dark and almost scary. Not a song to listen to in the dark! Someone once described this song as like having your head stuck in a cement-mixer. What a superb analogy! The song gradually draws to a close after a loud and sharp horn on the 24th second of the third minute. It's just incredibly powerful, hardcore and atmospheric! Enjoy, indeed!<br />&quot;You've Been Flirting Again&quot; is a short interlude which makes way for the proceeding song. It's soft and quiet, very tranquil in stark contrast with the song before it. &quot;Isobel&quot; is another album highlight. This is, by all accounts, a masterpiece in music. Strings gently open the song before a tribal drum beat just appears out of no where, as if from the Brazilian rainforest as techno wizardry takes over and a deep bass infects the song. The strings before each chorus are incredibly epic and just open up the song. &quot;Possibly Maybe&quot; is a strange song that starts off like a telephone ringing. It's a sad song about a former relationship and the minimalistic nature of the song captures this. The chorus is strangely catchy as more layers are added.<br />&quot;I Miss You&quot; is a dramatic return to the dancefloor. It's an outrageous song with many musical influences such as a trumpet and crazy samba beats towards the end. Bjork's vocals are just free and carnal. A true highlight of the album, if not her career. &quot;Cover Me&quot; contrasts the hectic power of the last track in a song in which Bjork states, &quot;I'm going to prove the impossible really exists!&quot; And prove she does with a haunting and tropical beat. It's hot, muggy and sticky like in the dead of night of a rainforest. The emphasis and enthusiasm showcased in her voice is just downright inspirational. It's a short song which leads us into the next song wonderfully. &quot;Headphones&quot; is a brilliant song, if a little over drawn. At almost six minutes it's to be expected but the little electronic impulses that dart around the song totally make it an enjoyable listening experience. The crackling in the background and Bjork's vocals of &quot;Oh, oh, oh, oh, ah, ah&quot; in any arrangement just scars itself onto your brain.<br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br />Bjork is a new discovery for me. I've known her as a star for far too long, and avoided her music because it didn't conform to society's standards and expectations. How wrong I was. Bjork Gudmundsdottir is truly a remarkable woman. She's a total genius and I'm not lying when I praise her as one of the greatest female artists of all time! There is such a wide range of music on offer on Post, yet Bjork manages to hold it all together with ease. This is one of the best albums that money can buy and one of the very few you can listen to over and over without getting bored of. Buy it now and discover just what all the fuss was about.cals are just free and carnal. A true highlight of the album, if not her career. &quot;Cover Me&quot; contrasts the hectic power of the last track in a song in which Bjork states, &quot;I'm going to prove the impossible really exists!&quot; And prove she does with a haunting and tropical beat. It's hot, muggy and sticky like in the dead of night of a rainforest. The emphasis and enthusiasm showcased in her voice is just downright inspirational. It's a short song which leads us into the next song wonderfully. &quot;Headphones&quot; is a brilliant song, if a little over drawn. At almost six minutes it's to be expected but the little electronic impulses that dart around the song totally make it an enjoyable listening experience. The crackling in the background and Bjork's vocals of &quot;Oh, oh, oh, oh, ah, ah&quot; in any arrangement just scars itself onto your brain.<br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br />Bjork is a new discovery for me. I've known her as a star for far too long, and avoided her music because it didn't conform to society's standards and expectations. How wrong I was. Bjork Gudmundsdottir is truly a remarkable woman. She's a total genius and I'm not lying when I praise her as one of the greatest female artists of all time! There is such a wide range of music on offer on Post, yet Bjork manages to hold it all together with ease. This is one of the best albums that money can buy and one of the very few you can listen to over and over without getting bored of. Buy it now and discover just what all the fuss was about.
B000002B1M|4.0|If you are looking for another repeat of illmatic, this is not it. Howerver, still a very solid album. The production is different then illmatic and the entire album has a different vibe. Still a very solid album with some very good tracks with high replay value. The best tracks are The Message, Shootouts, If I Ruled the World
B000060P79|2.0|Let's get one thing straight: pop-punk is my favorite music genre. My favorites include Good Charlotte, blink-182, New Found Glory and Sum 41. But these guys just aren't as good as those bands, plain and simple. Its easy for people to associate Simple Plan with Good Charlotte for a simple reason: they both play pop-punk and both have alot of teenybopper fans, but musically there are HUGE differences. The only good songs on this album are I'd Do Anything, Perfect and Grow Up, but thats pretty much it. Alot of the songs sound too similar. Also, I noticed something: during the choruses of almost all their songs, they play their guitars EXTREMELY SLOW, as if their just trying to play something to fill up space. Also, does anybody else find Pierre's voice extremely annoying? I mean, its not just how high his voice is (although thats annoying too), but its just that he barely shows any emotion in his voice (he shows a little in Perfect). Their lyrics aren't that great either, its usually just them whining about something, like how they had a bad day, broke up with a girlfriend or didnt get everything they wanted for Christmas (I kid you not). Some songs lyrics arent bad, its just that some of them are extremely boring. Example: In Perfect, the lead singer goes on and on about his problems with his parents, it just doesn't hold your attention. I'm glad Simple Plan isn't played on rock stations and stay on pop stations, where they belong. This isn't HORRIBLE, its just I wouldn't recommend this (or All-American Rejects and Avril Lavigne) to people who have been listening to pop-punk bands that came out in 99 or 2000.
B0000E1ALR|4.0|I warn you only buy this cd if you get the limited edition with the 3rd cd with some rarites on it.  Otherwise if you have alot of his albums I wouldn't buy it.  But unlikne his Greatest Hits album this cd spans all 30 years of his career pretty good with alot of good songs from his early albums.
0679428895|5.0|I started this on the plane coming from NYC and finished it just landing in Atlanta.  I found it to have an interesting level of historical detail, which provided an anchor point for the rather formulaic plot (ethical young engineer v. corrupt older businessman; romance btw said engineer, and, you guessed it, the businessman's daughter).  Well written.
0385504209|1.0|This book leads readers to believe that it has historical truth in it, for the most part it doesn't.  The sad thing is that I have seen several reviews talking about how fascinating the history in the book is.  Don't take this book as a historically correct novel, it isn't, if you want to research the events and people described, look up some credible resources.  This book is pure fiction.
B00008NG5V|4.0|If you're new to Jack Johnson I recommend getting Brushfire Fairytales first or in addition to this CD.  This CD alone may not completely hook you the way Brushfire will.  That said, this is still an excellent CD.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|People, I am convinced, are idiots.  Anybody who saw the first film should know that it is not merely a dumb action movie.  It has a lot of themes and important dialogue that delve deep into the universe created by the Wachowski bros.  What I am saying is that anybody who gives this movie a bad review because they can't understand it and don't have the time to, really needs to find something more suited to their brains... Watch Teletubbies or something.<br />Otherwise, this is a good film that continues the story of the Matrix.  This is not as good as the first film, only because it is not nearly as innovative. People are dissapointed because of this. Does that make ANY sense? I know 100% that if this movie were to be as innovative as the first, then it would have to take place in a completely different universe. Let's be honest here, people.
0131103628|5.0|This is as good as it gets: concise, excellent examples, and the right form factor.<br />The only negative I can offer is that the 1st edition was even better.
B000067J1Y|4.0|I guess you can see from the title of this review I am not a big Charlie Sheen fan. There were tons of men that would have shined in this film. Sheen does an okay job ( seeing how he isn't a comedian ) but he is overshadowed by a funny script and funnier co-stars. This film makes fun of famous dramas like &quot; 9 1/2 Weeks &quot; but is mainly a parody of &quot; Top Gun &quot;. Hot Shots is an enjoyable movie that sticks to a strong plot. It doesn't end up falling into that trap of &quot; trying &quot; to be funny like some spoofs.  It's not as good as &quot; Naked Gun &quot; by all means but it is a heck of a lot better than &quot; Hot Shots: Part Duex &quot; which was far too silly for my taste.
B00008PW2E|5.0|Where is the second season DVD??? Why on earth has HBO held off on releasing this? I have the complete first season, pay the ridiculous rates for HBO all year just so i can watch SFU (well, that and Bill Maher's show).... WHERE IS IT????? I WANT IT NOW! Why won't they let me give them more of my hard-earned money?
B0000A1RJI|1.0|OK, let's just set some things straight.  Great movie.  Rotten soundtrack.  Oh, it works for watching the movie if you don't really pay attention to it, but in light of what Zimmer and Badelt have recorded previously this has no musical value or significance.  I was especially disapointed in Badelt.  Zimmer just sounds like he usually does, maybe a little worse than usual(The only time he EVER sounds any different is when he's &quot;plagarizing&quot; Wagner, or Holst).  Maybe if you don't have a Zimmer score you might want this one, but I would recommend Gladiator or the Rock (you ONLY NEED ONE).  I'm thinking they shouldn't have called Zimmer and just let Badelt do his thing.  Badelt has composed some truly original melodies and rythmns in other scores, and it's too bad that he doesn't seem to have had a lot of influence on this score. So much of it is just rehashed Gladiator only with cheezier orchestration(largely electric).  Actually it's some of the worst orchestral arranging I've ever heard.  If you care little for texture and depth, or if all you do is listen for bass and Zimmer's same ol' recycled rythmns and hokey synthetic sound effects than you'll like this CD.  If your ear is tuned to the great swashbuckling scores of Korngold (Sea Hawk, Captain Blood), Debney (Cutthroat Island) and Williams (Hook) than you'll hate this CD.  It's to bad really.  I liked the movie.  I wanted to like the soundtrack.  Unfortunately I bought the CD trusting in Badelt before I saw the film. I got ride of it in less than 24 hours. If you do like this stuff please take my advice: sell the CD and go take a course on Music Appreciation.  This kind of cheap music production is what gives the &quot;Film Score&quot; a bad name in the world of music.  It's too bad I can't give this less than one star.
B000089RVX|5.0|When I first heard Bring Me to Life, I was like, &quot;Okay, another Linkin' Park/Simple Plan/Good Charolette/The Ataris band. That's cool.&quot; I didn't love them, but I didn't hate them. I obsessed over Bring Me To Life for about a week (I listened to it over and over again) and then it kind of lost it's thrill. In last December (about six months later) my friend got the c.d., and we listened to Going Under, Haunted, and Tourniquet in the car, was then I wanted the c.d.<BR>I got it for Christmas, and immediately I played it. I fell in love with it. Amy Lee's voice is mysterious and haunting, and it takes your breath away. The band's excellent, and deserve to be dominated for five grammys. I love every song, and I can't stop listening to it.<BR>Going Under= I love this song, and how it is so deep and poignant. Amy really takes it over the top. 8/10<BR>Bring Me to Life= Great song, great music video. 7/10<BR>Everbody's Fool= This is one of my favourite songs on the album, and it should be the next single. I love the bridge, and how it's about betrayal. 9/10<BR>My Immortal= This song made me cry. I'm serious, it's really haunting, and the piano is beautiful. The music video is kind of boring, though. 8/10<BR>Haunted= This was the second song I discovered on this c.d., and I love it. It's really deep, and angsty. 9/10<BR>Tourniquet= Amy really shows the true meaning of her voice, and how beautiful it is. 8/10<BR>Imaginary= I love this song, even though I still don't get it ^^;. But you know, I'm pretty dense...8/10<BR>Taking Over Me= This seems kind of like My Last Breath and Whisper, so I can't really place it. 6/10<BR>Hello: I can't listen to this song, because it is so haunting and sad. It brings me out of happy moods, but it is still a wonderful song. 7/10<BR>My Last Breath= This is an excellent song! I love the lyrics, and the vocals! 9/10<BR>Whisper: This is my favourite song on the whole album! Again, I LOVE the bridge (Fallen angels at me feet, whispered voices at my ear, death before my eyes..). And I could just listen to this OVER and OVER again!!! THIS SONG IS THE BEST! 10/10!<BR>I love this album, and I DEFINATELY reccomend it!!
6304696515|1.0|My one star rating is for the DVD ONLY not the film. Dangerous Liaisons is a classic and this is the best version of the story. Glenn Close deserved an Oscar and I was disappointed when she didn't get one. The film is in a league all its own and everyone should see it at least once. You have to see this movie.<br />Now for the DVD ( version ):<br />This was a terrible DVD release. The movie was unclear like it was on cable. I've seen movies from the seventies on DVD that were clearer than this. Where does Warner Bros ( or whoever in charge of making this DVD ) get off selling this? The film was so dark you can't see the pretty set. The Special Features Section was laughable. There was no commentary, photo gallery, deleted scenes, or interviews. This is now a classic film. The DVD had no business being so bare and cheap. Instead we get a list of Reel Recommedations and awards. So what?  That doesn't mean anything if you left out the best extras!  Maybe WB will come out with a Special Edition DVD for this film. Otherwise they should have left it on VHS. At least then it was clear.
B000002UAU|2.0|Often incorrectly highlighted as the Beatles' most influential album (the early albums had demonstrably more impact in the future direction of popular music than Sgt. Pepper), this album offers several interesting tracks, but equally as many weak offerings.  OK, but not as inclined to be played today as the group's earlier work.
0920668372|5.0|This is a beautiful childrens book dealing with a mothers love for her child.  Anyone who finds something creepy or wrong with this book probably needs to look within his or herself to find the real problem.  I recommend this for any parent to add to their childs beginning library.
B000021YQV|5.0|System of a down had to pick up the torch as the next political band when Rage Against the Machine broke up, but they decided to steer away from that role.  And on TOXICITY, they did that.  This album has a lot of pure rock and roll rhythms and great guitar work by Daron Malakian.  Sure, there are some political songs on this record, but PRISON SONG and SCIENCE are good songs even if it wasn't political.  But songs like PSYCHO and X show how fast and deranged they can get and then songs like CHOP SUEY and TOXICITY show how heavy they could get and then slow it down to make it work.  This is one of my favorite records I have.  if you're just getting into System of a Down, HEAR THIS RECORD FIRST.  Then if you like this record, you might want ot experience the hardness of System of a down's self-titled record and their newest album STEAL THIS ALBUM!(Great title huh?)  ENJOY THE SYSTEM AND ROCK ON
B00005JMFO|5.0|I absolutley loved this movie.  I go to movies to be entertained and this movie definitely did.  I have so far seen this movie a total of four times at the theatre and I would see it four more times if it was still out near me.  If you want to see a feel good movie then see this.
B0001BKAEY|1.0|Absolute garbage! Non-sensical plot, zero character development. Not worth seeing - not even on video. I cant believe this movie was made. The first Matrix was cool, with a unique sci-fi slant and awesome special effects. This movie is complete junk; pointless and dumb. I went to the movie with 7 people and we all came out asking 'what was this even about? '. I figure the brothers were given a boatload of money to make a sequel and they figured '... hey lets make it 3 movies, we can sass it up with cool effects and make gallons of cash cause the movie going public are idiots.' Well -- they're plan worked. I should have known better than to see a Keanu Reeves sequel. The first movie worked IN SPITE of Reeves. In hindsight, I fell into the stupid Hollywood trap again.
6304011431|5.0|This movie is actually supposed to show you what Michael Jackson's life would've been like if he was REALLY White.
B00005UK1F|5.0|Whenever I mention this album to my friends, they're always floored by the idea of an hour-long song, claiming it must be the most boring thing ever. With many songs that would be the case, but not this. There isn't a single boring point in the album. It's really quite amazing- you have to hear it from yourself. The only thing that bothers me is that I wish it was divided up into seperate tracks, as it can be a real hassle if I want to listen to one part right away, and I have to fast forward forever to listen to it.
B000024QML|5.0|This is the album that really got me into the Pet Shop Boys. I remember the 80s with \\"West End Girls\\" and \\"Always on my Mind\\". After not listening to them for 15 years (I'm 35), I'm glad I found them again.  This album is absolutely perfect. Its VERY VERY good. Probably my favorite song is Liberation. Its got to be on my all time favorite list of any artist. Another great song is \\"Go West\\". 100 times better than the original from the Village People. \\"I Wouldn't normally do this kind of thing\\" and \\"Different point of view\\" are also excellent. \\"One in a Million\\" is also excellent. Hey, what can I say? These guys give us no filler material AT ALL. Buy it.
B00005JMGC|3.0|Have you ever watched \\"Dead poets society\\"? If the answer is \\"yes\\", don't bother watching \\"Mona lisa smile\\". The story is preety much the same, about a teacher in a conservative, high-class school in the 50s, that teaches the students to think for themselves. The only twist is Julia Roberts in the role previously owned by Robin Williams and a bunch of girls instead of a bunch of boys.<br />But \\"Mona lisa smile\\" is worse than \\"Dead poets society\\". Characterization, story, emotion, everything is worse. Julia Roberts, although still very beautiful, didn't convince me for a single moment that she was a 50s character. Julia is THE actress of the 90s, and her unexpected lack of charm and, seemingly, lack of will to portrait a woman from 50 years ago (even if it was a \\"modern\\" woman for that age standards) spoiled the movie for me. In fact, Marcia Gay Harden steals every scene she's in; she's convincent in her role.<br />The love-affair is innocuous and tasteless, even stupid. The ending is not touching, but cheesy, and a little bit ridiculous.<br />In my opinion, this movie would be a total flop if it weren't for the young women's acting. Kirsten Dunst and, especially, Maggie Gyllenhaal and Julia Stiles (above all), are very good as girls living a difficult age of change and decisions.<br />Better rent it than watch it in the theater.<br />Grade 6.3/10
0515125024|5.0|Lee Childs can write on violence like no other. Lee Childs can discribe a fired bullet with a mathematicians wisdom. Above all Lee Childs writes a story that will cause you to delay interest in anything until consuming it to the last page quickly as possible. I have now read three of his offerings and will continue. His action and near fact fiction fill me with wonder and a grand appreciation for a eloquent writer.
0385504209|3.0|I have to admit that I really enjoyed The Da Vinci Code.  It was a page turner.  I was impressed by Mr. Brown's interweaving of facts and fiction... but it got to a point that I am concerned many people are forgetting that it is a fictional novel!  Many people are using it a historical research, which it is not.  Although it does bring to public attention some issues of Church history that will be new to many.  A good read, if you keep your eye on the main point... this is intended to be an enjoyable novel (not a research paper).  Enjoy!<br />P.S.  I enjoyed this much more than Angels &amp; Demons, which was much more violent and had way too much blantant foreshadowing.
B00003CXXS|1.0|BORING!!!!!!!!!! Ok,yeah...Same old thing again?!!!!and only an hour in a half long?!! what the heck is this?!!!They discover bigger and better dinosaurs,they create an island for them,then they go and visit the wonderful and not to mention carniverous dinosaurs,then the dinosaurs;being that they do eat meat; and they have never seen a human being before!Go and attack the poor insignificant humans who were to brainless to think things like this out before taking action. Boohoo...poor them...well, you know what? NOBODY CARES!!!! the point is that, the first one was awsome...the second and third ones...well,were monotonous.And, not to mention boring. It was like one really long deleted scene from part two. they took out the best character Jeff Goldblume as Ian Malcom!!! they were the best poeple!Its like making Micheal Chriton not be the author of the book that is by the way, based on the first movie.You just dont do that if you're going to make a sequel!Steven Spielburg bofore considering to make a part four make sure you have all the main/best characters in it. Otherwise dont even think think about it.
B00005JMEW|3.0|It doesn't look like the DVD will have that much stuff on it. A movie this big would have to have tons of extra footage and making of material. So they would naturally wait to make this material a third disc when the whole set is released at once. I'll upgrade my home equipment for that one, but I think I'll sit out this one.
B0000AM6JI|1.0|Great movie, F***ing terrible DVD.  I didn't pay for previews, I paid for the movie.  Absolutely ridiculous!
B00005NWM3|3.0|Nickelback's \\"Silver side up\\" sounds more or less exactly like 3 Doors Down (with the big hit \\"Kryptonite\\"). If you are a big fan of 3 Doors Down, I bet you will go crazy over this one. Personally, I think the material is too much in the same vein and there's no song that really stand out from the rest even if it's alright most of the time. The musical approach reminds a bit of  Evanescence and Lifehouse - even Skunk Anansie at times. I don't think Nickelback are that original and there are a lot of other bands playing this kind of music - maybe too many!
B00005JKZ3|1.0|Blah,Blah,Blah,Blah.Ok,yeah...This movie...It was really horrible...It was the same old thing...The aliens come to the Earth...The Men in Black go and capture them...To keep them anonymous amongst the people;who live amongst them.Well, most of the aliens at least.Anyways,The first one was good actually it was really good i give that one 5 *****,but the second one...well,I give it 1* for being so lame and monotonous. The only reason why I watched the second one is to see Will Smith and Frank the dog.Thinking it would have a better plot to it  rather than the same old thing. Just like Jurrassic Park it was good after the first one,but after they made a part two and three,it was just the same old thing,they discover new dinosaurs, they create an island for them to live on and then, the dinosaurs go and attack the humans better and stronger than before.BORING!!!!!! Nobody wants to see the sequel to a movie if the plot will be a monotonous one. so please, if you're going to make a sequel to movie, think of new and better plot before releasing it to the public. Thanks.
0385504209|2.0|This book is written in an engaging style and the story draws you in quickly.  The writer's knowledge of France and Art is impressive.  The mystery aspect is pretty well done also, but there are HUGE problems.  The bizarre theology and deep and ongoing conspiracy theories are hard to tolerate.  The wacky theological presentations are especially offensive to devout Christians, accurate historians, and others who respect the Bible.
B00003CXDG|4.0|M:I-2 was a fine action film, of course it was made by John Woo so it was sure to offer solid action thrills.  Woo as always crafts superb action sequences which are intense and suspenseful.  The film featured an excellent motorcyle chase which was near the end, probably one of the best bike chases next to Woo's other film \\"Paycheck\\" which featured another great<BR>bike chase.  The one thing that sets this film apart from the first is the action, sure the plot for the first was probably better and the first probably made more sense, but this movie should be a satisfying one just for the action.<BR>    As for the plot well it's decent.  Essentially a deadly virus called chimera is unleashed and is extremely lethal.  He must stop an evil renegade agent Sean Ambrose (Dougray Scott)from unleashing this terror upon the world.  He must recruit Ambrose's ex-lover Nyal Hall (Thandie Newton)to assist him on the case in order to lure Ambrose into a trap and stop the virus chimera from spread on to the world.  Sure the plot may not be that compelling or so it sounds, but like I said you don't have to worry about that especially if you're an die-hard action fan.  Also the always amazing Anthony Hopkins comes in as Hunt's boss and advisor.<BR>    Tom Cruise gives a certain edge to role of Ethan Hunt and he sure does play it well.  I must say I do prefer this installment over the first Mission Impossible, is it the action or the action?  Who knows?<BR>    M:I-2 is rated PG-13 for Intense Sequences of Violent Action<BR>and Some Sensuality.  The violence includes gunplay, fistfights and explosions.  The sexual content is mild, mainly some innuendo nothing explicit or graphic really.  No profanity.<BR>Ethan Hunt in a way is an American version of James Bond, he's got the girl, the gadgets (nowhere near as sophisticated or cool as Bond's though) and the ride.  If you like John Woo, I highly recommend this one, definetly for the action, the breathtaking bike chase to an intense climactic fight between Cruise and Scott.  Worth owning on Video or DVD.
0684857219|5.0|790 pages of excellent advice from the Father of Modern Body Building himself; Arnold Schwarzenegger.  This book is a true inspiration to those who wish to lose weight, tone up the body and even pump up their muscles.  Body building is not just for men, women need this advice too.<br />This wonderful encyclopedic text provides motivation, guidance though various work-outs and explains the excersizes clearly.<br />Nutrition is discussed throughout, and it all falls into helping a person to train themselves back into shape.<br />It's never too late to get yourself back into good physical condition, and this book stresses the importance of the mind and the body working in unison to achieve the goal of homeostasis and balance.<br />Arnold encourages women and men to make the effort to get back into shape; he advises to get a gym buddy to help encourage you to go to the gym, or hire a personal trainer - if that's what it takes.  Arnold values good health, and his wonderful, heartfelt advice comes through time and time again in this fabulous book.<br />Read it...read parts of it if you don't have the time to read it page by page, all the way through.<br />It's full of encouraging words and beautiful pictures of Arnold and all the other body-building greats...my favorites:<br />Lou Ferrigno<br />Frank Zane<br />Dave Draper<br />Sergio Oliva<br />Franco Columbo<br />Robby Robinson<br />Vince Taylor<br />Dorian Yates<br />Flex Wheeler<br />and my #1 Favorite Bodybuilder: Arnold Schwarzenegger.<br />The original year of publication of this book was 1985,<br />then it was updated and refreshed in 1998.<br />Arnold is more popular than ever, now that he is govenor of California, and it is important to see his early rise to popularity in this great nation of ours.<br />Get this book and keep it near your bed or stuffed in your gym bag.  You will learn things about getting into shape -- not just your body but your mind too.<br />Remember - it's never too late to get back into shape, and<br />Arnold is quite willing to allow himself to be your own personal trainer, if you wish.<br />Just get the book -- it's a true winner!  You'll love it  -<br />it will change your life for the better if you put it into motion like I did.  I read the book, skipping here and there, but I can honestly testify....<br />It's improved my life in ways I never imagined, and if you are serious about improving your overall health and wellbeing, I encourage you to get this book into your life!  Oh and...thank you for reading my review.w himself to be your own personal trainer, if you wish.<BR>Just get the book -- it's a true winner!   You'll love it  -<BR>it will change your life for the better if you put it into motion like I did.  I read the book, skipping here and there, but I can honestly testify....<BR>It's improved my life in ways I never imagined, and if you are serious about improving your overall health and wellbeing, I encourage you to get this book into your life!                 Oh and...thank you for reading my review.
B00008PX8P|5.0|The best rock video ever.  It's pure concert footage.  Far better than the Song Remains the Same.  If you like Zep, rock and roll, metal or any combination of these, you're in for a once in a lifetime treat.
B00005JMFO|5.0|This has officially become my favorite romantic comedy. There wasn't one particular thing that stood out that it made it so great. All of the cast did an outstanding job. It pulls at your heart in so many different ways. I have recommended it to anyone who would listen. GO SEE IT!!!
630512762X|4.0|Face/Off, the best American film by John Woo in my opinion is amazing.  It has one of a kind action sequences which are simply stunning and great, especially for being released in summer of 1997.  A success at the box-office and I'd say the best action flick of the decade next to Die Hard.  John Woo is a very talented action director and he uses his talents here immensely and that's why the film works.<BR>    As for the premise, well it's just about proposterous, the idea of futuristic sugery is somewhat clever though.  The story of switching identites through futuristic surgery is original I must say and is a bit catchy enough.  John Travota plays Agent Sean Archer, early in the film after his son is killed by his archrival, Castor Troy (Nicolas Cage) a deadly terrorist he's out to catch him.  He soon does in an intense hanger shootout.  Unfortunately for Archer a bomb is somewhere in Los Angeles and in order to obtain information he must become Troy, because Troy's brother Pollux has been caught and is a prison facility. <BR>They soon switch identities and the intensity begins.  Soon the film becomes more suspenseful when Cage's character wake's up from his coma to learn his face has been switched, he soon assumes the identity of Travolta, and the real Archer learns that the psychopath is living with his family.  From here we get more breath-taking and innovative action sequences including more shootouts and a great boat chase finale.  Explosions, gunfire and fistfights round out the fun!  John Woo crafts a great action film, better than Broken Arrow and Hard Target, I'd say.  And also probably better than M:I-2, even though it had its moments.  And definetly better than Woo's latest Paycheck, which was mainly good for the action sequences especially the bike chase.  All in all Woo's work is amazing and I hope to see more and hopefully better work from him in the future. <BR>    Face/Off is rated R for Intense Sequences of Strong Violence and for Strong Language.The violence includes intense shootouts which can be deafening, which are usually bloody, as well as some fistfights and a few other bloody images.  The language is fairly strong and consistent, but not overly used and not to the point where I could call it obscene. <BR>The DVD unfortunately has one main feature, which is the Theatrical Trailer, which is a good trailer I should point out. <BR>Overall a great movie and worth owning on Video or DVD, preferably DVD for the excellent sound and picture.
B000000OQF|5.0|Who knew that these bad asses from LA would put together one of the top 5 rock albums of all time.  For those of you who aren't too familiar with GnR, this cd is arguably the greatest debut by any band ever.  Whether you love good hard rock, or can't stand the commericial vibe of the 80's, one has to give credit where credit is due.  With Slash and Izzy shredding the guitars, and Axl screaming his lungs out, Appetite for Destruction proves to be a solid combination of memorable guitar riffs, unbelievable solo's, and energy-fueled lyrics.  Every song is GREAT.  From the famous intro on &quot;Sweet Child O Mine&quot;, to the catchy chorus on &quot;Paradise City&quot;, and the raw power of &quot;Nightrain&quot;, the swagger of this band is off the charts.  I could go on in detail about every song.  This album is as concrete as a rock album can get.  It's a shame they had to break up, but their legend will live on as rock n roll kings.
0156027321|5.0|When teaching life lessons, you can take an entire course and get an entire degree in some things, but never learn the essential ingredient.  Then, comes along a proverb, or a parable, so simple, yet it ingrains in your mind forever.  It's not the size of the book, but the heart within it.  In that sense, this book reminds me a lot of the book, &quot;The Little Guide To Happiness&quot;.  A stupid little thing, but packed with wisdom.
B00005JLTM|5.0|MY REVIEW IS THAT IS A GREAT MOVIE, AND I REALY ENJOYED TO SEE THIS MOVIE. I LOVE THE ACTOR TOO ,AND HOW THEY PLAY. NEO {KIANO RIBS} IS THE ONE  ABD HE NEED TO SAVE THE WORLD FROM ALL THE MACHINE WHO WANT TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD.. AND WITH IS FRIENDS NEO NEED TO PREVENT THAT..........
B00000DFSK|3.0|i have been a fan of u2 since i first saw the video for pride way back in 1985 or whatever it was. since then i have made sure to get every major release that they ever put out and i have loved every one of them. this is mearly an ok collection. it is seriously missing some very important songs. unlike most greatest hits collections that are missing 3-4 songs, this one is missing about half of what should have been on here. it is so bad that i made a 3rd disc of all the missing songs. they should have made it a 2 disc set. you're better off making your own collection.
0385507755|5.0|A MILLION LITTLE PIECES is not a book I would give to my mother to read, but it is one I personally thoroughly enjoyed. Like MY FRACTURED LIFE and RUNNING WITH SCISSORS, it deals with addiction without apology. The character is a drug addict and tells of life from his perspective. It is fascinating to read and get lost in. Many people call Los Vegas &quot;sin city&quot; but it is fairly clean compared to the escapades of the people in these books.
B00003CXB2|5.0|I had the great honor of seeing the restored Lawrence of Arabia in a pristine 70mm print in the late 80's. It was an experience I'll never forget.  There are movies half its length that seem twice as long.<br />Part of the joy of watching this film is the knowledge that almost everything you see on the screen was REALLY THERE.  The film's most exciting sequence, the takng of Akaba, was staged full-scale on a riverbed in Spain.  Now it would be done digitally - if anyone would foot the bill.<br />Big, \\"spectacular\\" films are still made.  But in an age where opening weekends mean everything, no studio would gamble such extravagance on the story of such a complex, conflicted man, who by some accounts was a sadomasochist and homosexual.  The film deftly reveals these possibilities without politicizing them or judging them.  Honestly there is little historical evidence for these ideas, anyway. What is known is the Deraa incident - a terrifying sequence in the film - where Lawrence was brutally beaten and raped by a Turkish general.  That this incident occured, and that it left Lawrence shattered, there is little doubt.  The film is circumspect about the details (it was made, after all, in 1962), but clear on its results: Lawrence went from being a gentleman warrior (almost an oxymoron) to a ruthless one.<br />The great achievement of Lawrence of Arabia is that it manages to  be an intense character study as well as a spectacular action film.  Neither aspect gets short-shrift.  The man and desert are so inextricably fused that one layer of the story shades into the other perfectly.  It is a masterful piece of filmmaking.<br />There is much talk about the picture and sound improvements in the Superbit edition.  I plan to buy it soon.  But don't ignore this two-disc set, as well.  The second disc has a wealth of extra material, including a fairly thorough \\"making of\\" documentary that features interviews with many cast and crew members who worked on the film.  If you're not interested in these extras, then the Superbit edition is probably the way to go.  If, like me, you enjoy behind-the-scenes stuff as much as the film, then you should probably buy this one.  Or perhaps both.<br />After all, they don't make them like this, anymore!re not interested in these extras, then the Superbit edition is probably the way to go.  If, like me, you enjoy behind-the-scenes stuff as much as the film, then you should probably buy this one.  Or perhaps both.  <br />After all, they don't make them like this, anymore!
B0000X61VE|4.0|Okay so staring at Cindy in a bathingsuit makes you want to throw up rather then eat right and work out.. but we liked the workout. Infact 2 girlfriends and I started eating right and doing this video 6 days a week and we lost a combined total of 200 pounds in 6 months. Not bad! We liked the fact that there are 2 workouts with different emphasis and a short 10 minute one (if you can stand watching her in cutoffs and a skimpy top.. ug) for when you're in a rush. They are short sets and it makes it manageable by switching to different areas- just when you think your legs will fall off.. you're on your back doing some abs and butt work. It's not technically perfect and if you're not careful you can hurt yourself, but we took it slow and eventually turned Cindy off and turned the tunes on and did the sets from memory. We have all been doing it for 3 years now and we have't found another program we enjoy more. If you start feeling like you've mastered this one, move onto the Next challenge.. It will certainly coninue the challenge. Oh.. and one more thing.. it's fun screaming obscenities at the t.v. and making fun of some of the moves. Do it with friends and enjoy!
B00006LIRI|3.0|this collection is very much like the first one. incomplete. where most greatest hits collections are missing 2-3 songs, this one is missing about half of what should have been here. like the previous set this one also should have been a 2 disc set. painfully incomplete. good thing i was able to make my own collection.
B00004Z459|5.0|Wow...this cd is god(sorry). I do not care what you say about this wounderfull wounderfull piece of art. It's amazing. BUY THIS ALBUM!
0446608955|5.0|This book is really romantic and you'll definitely fall in love with it. It's sappy but also makes you really think about what's important in life. If you like the book then you have to watch the movie! Be prepared to have a box of tissues though
B000001GAO|5.0|I think this is the best recording of this work period.  Buy it or miss out.
B000003N7G|5.0|Many months ago, my girlfriend bought me my first jazz album, probably in an attempt to entice me away from all this silly progressive rock music. It was a wise move, as these things turn out, as 'A Love Supreme' is slowly but surely becoming one of my favourite cds. It feels like an integral part of my collection. Now that the time has arrived to review this album, one of a few things I'd like to review on this site I think I can safely call a masterpiece, I am seemingly at a loss. I dont have nearly enough knowledge of jazz music yet to discuss this albums historical impact, place it in any context, or give a detailed treatment of the textures, moods and tones evoked within. What I can do, however, is tell you exactly why I like it, and like it I do. Very much.<br />Unsurprisingly, it was the first piece, 'Acknowledgment', that initially reached out and compelled me, and I've been hooked on it ever since. I love the flurry of noise and notes from the sax that jumps right out at you the minute you hit play on the cd player. Its gentle and welcoming, and it prepares me perfectly for the elation that is inevitable when the first melody kicks in, right after that sombre and jumping bass line. I cant get over how gorgeous the main 'da-dwee-da, da-DWEE-da' sax line is. I find it quite, well, ingenious I suppose. Theres really interesting sax work throughout the whole of the first piece, which I'm still coming to terms with. Towards the end of this first movement, Coltrane lowers his sax and launches into the 'A Love Supreme' chant, the only instance of any vocals on the album. I also find it to be of the most fascinating parts of the record, as I still seem to get a surprise every time I hear it, even though I know exactly when its coming.<br />'Resolution', the second part, is my favourite piece from the record. The main melody is just indescribably excellent, particularly when it sneaks back in at the end. Theres also some incredible piano work, and I love the way the whole piece just rolls along so unstoppably. Elvin Jones gets a little drum showcase at the start of the third part 'Pursuance' which excites me greatly, being a drummer myself. Its an excellent display, and I like the way it builds up into the main part of the song. This track has to be the most intense on the album. The drums just seem to pound away and I really find the whole thing quite draining. Despite this, its a very clever bit of music, particularly in the way all the instruments interlock. I think Coltrane takes a bit more of a backseat in it though. The final movement, 'Psalm', is very moving, a fitting coda to a deeply spiritual and uplifting experience. Its mellow, poignant and supremely effective, with a mournful main melody which is complemented by washes of drums and keys.<br />I find this album to be transcendent and imbued with seemingly limitless depth. I find it easy to study to, to relax to, or to just sit down and listen to and be thrown into and emotional and intellectual rollercoaster ride. I dont think its for the musically recalcitrant, narrow minded or impatient, and it will require numerous repeated listens to fully unleash its full potential. I suppose thats a warning, but if youve read this far Im sure you wont be daunted by any of my caveats. If you do buy this album, I hope you find it as instructive, intriguing and inspirational as I have.le piece just rolls along so unstoppably. Elvin Jones gets a little drum showcase at the start of the third part 'Pursuance' which excites me greatly, being a drummer myself. Its an excellent display, and I like the way it builds up into the main part of the song. This track has to be the most intense on the album. The drums just seem to pound away and I really find the whole thing quite draining. Despite this, its a very clever bit of music, particularly in the way all the instruments interlock. I think Coltrane takes a bit more of a backseat in it though. The final movement, 'Psalm', is very moving, a fitting coda to a deeply spiritual and uplifting experience. Its mellow, poignant and supremely effective, with a mournful main melody which is complemented by washes of drums and keys.<BR>I find this album to be transcendent and imbued with seemingly limitless depth. I find it easy to study to, to relax to, or to just sit down and listen to and be thrown into and emotional and intellectual rollercoaster ride. I dont think its for the musically recalcitrant, narrow minded or impatient, and it will require numerous repeated listens to fully unleash its full potential. I suppose thats a warning, but if youve read this far Im sure you wont be daunted by any of my caveats. If you do buy this album, I hope you find it as instructive, intriguing and inspirational as I have.
B00000F14B|5.0|This is one of the few videos -- and the only musical --  I sought out and bought in VHS years ago, and now I'm delighted to have it in letterbox DVD.  In this instance particularly, LETTERBOX RULES!!! :-) I'm FINALLY seeing all the action and staging as it was produced for the theaters over 40 years ago. <br />It also seems to me that The Music Man story and production values hold up just as solidly today as they did over 40 years ago for kids and adults alike.  But I'm a tad biased.  <br />Nevertheless, just a few years ago, I &quot;forced&quot; my two bored visiting young neices to watch at least the first 5 minutes of my old VHS full-screen tape, and they were capitated throughout.<br />I saw The Music Man at age 16 and I fell in love with Shirley Jones as &quot;Marion the Librarion.&quot;  And then there's the OUT-standing ensamble cast of characters, the &quot;good old days&quot; environment, the story line -- the works!!!  (It also was the Spring musical at my high school in 1963).<br />Anyway, other ratings are great on Amazon.  Just please strongly consider going for letterbox, as compared with full-screen options.  You'll see much, much more.<br />This Cinmascope-type movie came out at the tail end of the era when Hollywood both thought that broadcast TV was their mortal enemy, and that people wouldn't want to see a movie twice (ie, there's no aftermarket, such as repeat showings on TV).<br />As a consequence, the movie was shot to fill the full theater screen with action.  Even with best attempts, subsequent editing for TV and VHS full-screen formats, a lot of the original action is clipped.  <br />With my DVD LB, after 42 years, I've finally seen all four of the Buffalo Bills (the School Board) singing &quot;Lida Rose&quot; with Marion singing &quot;Will I Ever Tell You?&quot; -- all on the same screen without cropping! <br />That's cool!  A major musical worth having and protecting for the future, thanks to DVD.<br />George
B00008H2LB|5.0|I'm sorry. I really am. I love Linkin Park. I'm over 45, I have grown children. I have grey hair. I love Linkin Park. I love Chester Bennington. I love Mike Shinoda. I don't think they sound like Limp Bizkit, NIN, or Rage Against The Machine.   I don't care if their second album sounds like the first. I loved the first, so I love the second, too. Most of AC/DC's albums sound the same, that's their unique sound. Same for Linkin Park. If they did something totally different, their fans might turn away.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|She didn't have to change to hip hop/rnb. She was doing pretty well with her good old bubblegum pop and she sold so much more that way too. Now there are no real entertainers for us under fourteen people. We're left with pathetic things like Hilary Duff who just looks good. <BR>I love her first three CDs (except 'boys' from 'Britney') and I was so excited to know that she was releasing a fourth album. It is really very disappointing. If you're wondering why I gave it five stars, it's because of Toxic, Shadow, Brave new girl and Everytime. <BR>If you're below 14 and an old Britney fan, do not buy this. You will be hugely disappointed. It's something for hiphop and rnb fans. It's a good thing for Britney since she seems to be learning a lot and all that but not for her old fans.
B000002P72|5.0|As has been noted, this is one of the essential albums, one of the records that everyone is supposed to have like John Coltrane and Johnny Hartman, like Robert Johnson, like the music Billie Holiday made with Lester Young for Columbia, like Louis's Hot 5s and Hot 7s, like Elvis's Sun Sessions.<br /> Beyond that, this is something that has become increasingly rare, a live blues recording where the music is played for blues people, African American working class and middle class blues people in an urban center.  This all about singing and swinging and jiving and talking to the audience and the audience talking back.<br />When I was in Mississippi in the mid 1960s doing civil rights work, I met Blues People who loved BB King who didn't know that he played the guitar. The expression always was and still is 'BLUES SINGER,\\" not blues guitarist. He sang the blues the way they needed to listen to and in a Blues People venue the folks will talk back to him too.<br />My favorite, classic moment of the blues dialog here is in \\"It's my own fault baby\\" where Riley sings \\"I gave you seven children, and now you want to give 'em back.\\"  All the sistas in the audience scream. Gruffer sounds came from the men.<br />What is essential to blues performance for BLUES PEOPLE is the constant dialog between the singer and the audience that is the heart of the native blues experience. The dialog isn't about the impeccable guitar playing on this record, or the totally righteous playing of the band, or even the fine voice of Riley B. King here, but it is about what the words the lyrics speak to the lives of the audience, and what the audience responds to the singer. That's the center of blues, not heavy guitar licks that the post-folk-post rock blues fan thinks is the essence of heavy blues.<br />It's a shame the audience for the blues has almost disappeared, that blues stars no longer play in big \\"Chitlin' Circuit\\" theaters like the Regal, the Apollo, the Howard, the old non hippie Fillmore, or that you can't see Riley or Bobby Blue Bland in smoky little night clubs in the ghetto.<br />  Perhaps, I am showing my age here, because time has to roll on.  I am sure that night at the Regal there was someone who could remember when the sistas and their men would be shouting back at things Bessie Smith, or Big Maceo and Tampa Read, Lonnie Johnson, or Memphis Minnie had sung to them from that same stage without the electric instruments.<br />The real Black blues when it was based among us, was about singing, about commentary. For even the greatest guitarists like Riley, Lonnie Johnson, T-Bone Walker, Johnny Lee Hooker, Guitar Slim, the guitar playing and the band were just ways to emphasize how the to talk to audience.  This brings to mind that great Betty Carter Album, \\"The Audience and Betty Carter.\\"  This is the Blues People and Riley King talking to each other.  That's priceless, get it, and listen to it.ore, or that you can't see Riley or Bobby Blue Bland in smoky little night clubs in the ghetto.  <br />  Perhaps, I am showing my age here, because time has to roll on.  I am sure that night at the Regal there was someone who could remember when the sistas and their men would be shouting back at things Bessie Smith, or Big Maceo and Tampa Read, Lonnie Johnson, or Memphis Minnie had sung to them from that same stage without the electric instruments.<br />The real Black blues when it was based among us, was about singing, about commentary. For even the greatest guitarists like Riley, Lonnie Johnson, T-Bone Walker, Johnny Lee Hooker, Guitar Slim, the guitar playing and the band were just ways to emphasize how the to talk to audience.  This brings to mind that great Betty Carter Album, \\"The Audience and Betty Carter.\\"  This is the Blues People and Riley King talking to each other.  That's priceless, get it, and listen to it.
B0000VAFO0|3.0|I really wanted to like this movie - I'm a vampire fan and werewolf buff - but it was so badly paced, and some of the acting was so horrendous that it just killed it for me. The dark mood and visual effects were artful, following in the footsteps of &quot;The Matrix,&quot; and the concept had possibilities, but the slow parts  of the film were not intriguing enough to hold my interest.
B00008WG3U|3.0|The newest NOFX cd is nothing too spectacular. Yes, there are a few very good songs on this disc, but overall I think the whole thing is too concerned with putting down Bush and not enough about having fun. It is overrun with negative predictions and nothing but Anti-bush hoopla. I still listen to this cd for the awesome music, this more than makes up for the less-than-stellar lyric content. I would recommend listening to it first or burning it before you buy.<br />Good songs: Separation of Church and Skate, She's Nubs
B0000UJL96|3.0|Well, the movie is still great, but this DVD edition leaves much to be desired. For some unfathomable reason, this print is inferior to the one used for the original DVD release. The picture is somewhat darker, the colors are more intense, and the overall sharpness is softer.<br /> It's definitely a different print, because the english translations of the \\"klingon\\" dialogue appear within the picture frame rather than below it as it did on the original DVD release. It may have been done so that Nick Meyer could make his relatively insignificant alterations, but to me this begs the question of why the big drop in picture quality? Several other movies have been altered by the directors ( James Cameron's \\"The Abyss\\" and \\"Aliens\\", for example ) without suffering the ignominity of looking worse than they did before. In this age of digital magic, surely something could have been done to improve the look of this print.<br />As if that isn't odd enough, the image on the face of disc two is actually from the movie \\"Star Trek: Generations\\" and is printed upside-down. Hello...quality control, are you awake?<br />Still, it's nice to have the extras, and the director's changes to the film are definitely improvements ( if not Earth-shattering ). But I was hoping for a bit more. Frankly I felt that the extras for \\"Star Trek V\\" were more impressive, and I was hoping that since this was the last movie featuring the original cast, that a bit more depth to the extras, and more care with the final product would have been taken.
B00009W0U4|2.0|Irreversible was recommended to me by a friend and I did not read any of the reviews on Amazon.com.  This was a serious mistake.  I was unpleasantly surprised by the quality of this film by director Gaspar Noe.  One viewing is not enough to understand the intentions of the director and the meaning, if there is any, of the movie.  Before watching this film viewers should know:<br />1. The action begins at the end in violence and chaos and moves to the beginning, a montage of the starry heavens.<br />2. Chaos is the existential theme of this film.  Any meaning to life must be individually determined by each person.  God is dead and everthing is permitted.  The conclusion we must reach is that the director believes the world is a violent and malevolent place and even if we are careful to avoid disaster, this is not always possible.  Adults know this and don't need to be assualted by senseless violence and despicable behavior to be convinced that we can't be too careful.  Suffering is universal and can't be avoided.  In Irreversible, suffering is chaotic and meaningless.  Revenge adds to suffering.<br />3. For those who want to decide for themselves what to think of the backward progression of the plot in Irreversible, the following is a summary of events from beginning to end -- reverse this list and you will start at the beginning of the film.<br />A. We see a montage of a spiraling universe which disolves into a scene of Alex, a beautiful young woman reading on the grass in an idyllic scene with children playing around her.<br />B. We cut to her apartment and her boyfriend Marcus.  They are in bed and he tells her he wants to have anal sex with her.  This admission will be important as the story progresses.<br />C. We move to a party where we are introduced to her former boyfriend Pierre, a philosopher, if we can believe it.  He appears to be a somewhat shy person who is genuinely interested in Alex, in contrast to Marcus, an immature, self-centered, childish person who gets high on drugs and drink.<br />D. Alex leaves the party and tries to cross a busy street in Paris, I think.  She decides instead to take an underground passage to cross the street and meets there a pimp called La Tenia.  This man brutally rapes Alex anally, a recurring theme in the film.  The rape is the longest \\"set piece\\" in the film and is gratuitous in its extended violence.  Alex is beaten almost to death by La Tenia after the rape.  Along with Marcus and Pierre, we watch Alex being taken to the hospital by an ambulance.<br />E. Marcus is determined to have revenge against the person who assaulted Alex and goes on a search, with his friend Pierre, to find this person.<br />F. Marcus determines that La Tenia assaulted Alex and he goes to a gay establishment called \\"The Rectum\\" to find him.  In The Rectum anal sex is the norm, of course. The Rectum appears to be a recreation of Dante's Inferno.<br />G. La Tenia is talking with another person in The Rectum and this unidentified man is first assaulted by Marcus, who believes the man is La Tenia.  This person deliberately breaks Marcus's arm before the unknown man is assaulted by Pierre.  Pierre takes a large fire extinguisher and smashes the head and face of the unknown person beyond recognition, killing him in the process.  This scene is among the most violent any person is likely to see at the movies.<br />H. The police come and take Marcus away to the hospital and arrest Pierre for murder.  Pierre is told by people in the crowd that he will be anally assaulted in prison.<br />The movie begins with the arrest of Pierre and works its way backward to the idyllic scene of Alex reading on the grass and then the apparent chaos of the starry heavens.<br />4. For the most part the director has shot this film with hand held cameras giving the audience a feel for the chaos of life.  The rape scene is one exception.  A stationary camera is used to allow us to focus on the violence we witness.<br />5. The backgroundmusic is also unpleasant and chaotic, supposedly mirroring what we are witnessing.<br />6. Only the largest of TV screens will allow the viewer to experience what the director has in mind for us.  This film is meant to be seen in a theater where our senses will be truly assaulted.<br />7. This film is unrated, but the rating should be For Adults Only.  Most adults are going to rate this film objectionable in the extreme.<br />Summary:  If I had read this review, I would not have watched the film.  Life is unpleasant enough without adding unnecessary grief when we expect entertainment.  Irreversible is NOT entertainment.  It is a close up and personal look at hell on earth.  It is a punishing, not a pleasurable experience.so unpleasant and chaotic, supposedly mirroring what we are witnessing.<br />6. Only the largest of TV screens will allow the viewer to experience what the director has in mind for us.  This film is meant to be seen in a theater where our senses will be truly assaulted.<br />7. This film is unrated, but the rating should be For Adults Only.  Most adults are going to rate this film objectionable in the extreme.<br />Summary:  If I had read this review, I would not have watched the film.  Life is unpleasant enough without adding unnecessary grief when we expect entertainment.  Irreversible is NOT entertainment.  It is a close up and personal look at hell on earth.  It is a punishing, not a pleasurable experience.
B0000VAFO0|1.0|Wow, a Romeo and Juliet with vampires and werewolves... &quot;Underworld&quot; looked like it was going to be great, but it was a huge disappointment. The story has been overkilled so many times. The action lacks style. The special effects weren't very special. A kindergartner can draw better werewolves with his or her foot. I'm sorry, but do not watch this waste.
0780626966|5.0|The Nightmare on Elm Street DVD Collection is pretty much a must-have for all Freddy fans, especially those like me who basically came of age watching Freddy do his thing.  No movie releases apart from the original Star Wars trilogy invoked more excitement and conjecture in me than did the Elm Street sequels, and all of the films are really just as good now as they were when they were released - better, in fact, thanks to DVD technology and the abundance of special features it makes possible.  Of course, the technological explosion in terms of cinematic possibilities we have witnessed in the years since Freddy's birth comes with a price - it is now almost impossible for horror fans such as myself to actually be scared by a movie.  Even today's youngest generation will never feel the true magic that Freddy cascaded onto his original audience - they have simply become inured to such primal feelings via the saturation of pop culture itself.  Still, though, we who have just turned the door on youth can rediscover the feelings the Elm Street movies first wrought inside our souls, and several of these films do possess the creepy potential to insinuate their horrors into the hearts and minds of the younger generations.  The original will never be as shocking as it was in 1984, but it is still a powerful film built on grand archetypes of good and evil that will never fade away.  The third film, in contrast to the second one, shows just how effective a true sequel can be at not only recapturing what has come before but expounding upon its very essence in a way sure to delight the audience.  Films four and five highlight the innately human propensity to take a good idea and milk it for all it's worth, transforming the core idea that gave birth to something innovative into purely entertaining, meaningless echoes of its original dark self.  Freddy's Dead shows just how difficult it can be to recapture the magic that even studio executives know has been lost, and then Wes Craven's New Nightmare makes up for all the bad things, as Freddy's creator returns to the series and recreates and redefines his now-stagnant creation into something just as different and unsettling as the original.<br />The seven movies basically need no exposition on my part, so I will turn my attention to the extras included on this definitive Freddy collection.  For one thing, you get the option of watching the original 3-D ending to Freddy's Dead (along with two sets of 3-D glasses) as well as the 2-D ending that the video release included.  The 3-D ending does not make up for the general problems with Freddy's final &quot;death&quot; but its availability to the home viewer counts for a lot in my book.  Each DVD allows you to jump to any death sequence you choose, which some fans may like (even though Nightmare's essence was not really about the increasingly outlandish kills).  The set comes with a bonus DVD that purports to feature The Nightmare Series Encyclopedia.  I found this DVD somewhat tedious after a while, but it does feature a brand new documentary on the series.  You also get a number of interviews with the men and women who helped bring Freddy to life as well as interested bystanders such as Clive Barker comparing his Hellraiser films to Craven's Nightmare series.  There is a Freddy trivia game included for those who like that sort of thing, a very impressive booklet featuring the original press kit information on each film, two film commentaries, a screensaver, trailers, and cast and crew information.  A lot of this bonus material is made available in the form of a labyrinth in which you must travel from place to place picking items at random - fortunately, much of the material is much more handily available through an index of features on the disk.<br />Two things disappoint me about this collection.  For one, the Labyrinth is aggravating and really not enjoyable to explore; I really don't know why industry people think fans enjoy having to work our way to the special bonus features we paid for in the first place.  My other disappointment is the lack of commentaries.  The original film features a marvelous commentary by Wes Craven, actors Heather Langenkamp and John Saxon, and director of photography Jacques Haitkin, while Wes Craven's New Nightmare contains a fascinating commentary by Wes Craven alone, but these are the only commentaries available over the entire series of movies (the third movie definitely deserves a commentary of its own).  Deleted scenes would also have been a welcome addition, especially given Craven's abundant comments concerning scenes he had to remove from his Nightmare films for various reasons.  Still, this collection delivers the goods that all Freddy fans care the most about, as the widescreen, digitally remastered versions of the seven films are stunningly impressive.ur way to the special bonus features we paid for in the first place.  My other disappointment is the lack of commentaries.  The original film features a marvelous commentary by Wes Craven, actors Heather Langenkamp and John Saxon, and director of photography Jacques Haitkin, while Wes Craven's New Nightmare contains a fascinating commentary by Wes Craven alone, but these are the only commentaries available over the entire series of movies (the third movie definitely deserves a commentary of its own).  Deleted scenes would also have been a welcome addition, especially given Craven's abundant comments concerning scenes he had to remove from his Nightmare films for various reasons.  Still, this collection delivers the goods that all Freddy fans care the most about, as the widescreen, digitally remastered versions of the seven films are stunningly impressive.
B00005JMTN|5.0|A friend told me this movie was an English major's dream.  She was right.  It was filmed on my husband's college campus (Huntingdon) and around where we live.  A friend of ours even appears in one corner fo the screen.  It's the back of his head, but hey!  I enjoyed the story.  It kept me glues to the screen, not wanting to break for the bathroom.  I am pregnant, so watching an entire movie without a bathroom break means the film was riveting.  A must see!
B000059R8Y|2.0|I think it fair to hold some recording artists to greater standards than other on the basis of talent, past performance, and potential. Eric Clapton's 13th solo release, \\"Reptile,\\" is a case in point.<br />Mr. Clapton, once hailed as \\"God\\" by his legions of fans during the heyday of Cream, certainly shows his mortality on this session. His talents seem diffused, caught between wanting to sound like J.J. Cale---which is a good thing----and B.B. King----which is a bad thing.<br />Mr. Clapton's past releases, in my opinion, veer all over the musical landscape. He seems at his best when pushed by more ambitious personalities (consider Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker from Cream and listen to the exciting, cutting edge music they continue creating) who are not along for the ride. A who's who of keyboard players, Paul Carrack, Joe Sample, and Billy Preston, almost carry the day in spots and at least offer unfailing supporting rolls as do Andy Fairweather-Low and Doyle Bramhall II on guitars, but none manage to coax Mr. Clapton to elevate his playing (unlike Albert Lee who served this role on various other Clapton projects).<br />\\"Reptile\\" strikes me as a nod to all sorts of styles, and unfortunately too many track are remakes that pale to the originals. His covers of Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight and I Ain't Gonna Stand for It, for instance, force unfavorable comparisons with the original vocals by James Taylor and Stevie Wonder and beg the bigger question of \\"why on earth is EC covering this material?\\" Someone should just have said &quot;no.&quot;<br />The title track is a nifty little song, but close your eyes, imagine it's 1976, and George Benson's &quot;triple-zzz&quot; jazz standard Breezin' may as well be playing.<br />Mr. Clapton hits his chops in spots, particularly on his cover of J.J. Cale's Travelin' Light, the uplifting Believe in Life, and the promising Broken Down (though somewhat marred by strings.) The tendency to showboat through a performance surfaces in Come Back Baby, which conjures up bad B.B. King songs to me. Mr. Clapton revs up the amps on Son &amp; Sylvia, leaving the listener on a high note but also yearning for more tracks like this one.me Back Baby, which conjures up bad B.B. King songs to me. Mr. Clapton revs up the amps on Son &amp; Sylvia, leaving the listener on a high note but also yearning for more tracks like this one.
B0000VAFO0|2.0|Kate Beckinsale is hot, Kate in leather pants is hotter, and Kate kicking butt is an arousal overload.<br />All these ingredients come together in Underworld, by first time feature dirctor Len Wiseman, and they mix up to offer you boring and somewhat stuipd movie.  And Kate still looks hot.<br />This isn't Wisman's fault.  His directing is good enough to give the movie it's artistic and style flare but it isn't good enough to save it.<br />The movie is simply to weighed down by, dumb f/x, a lame story that's been done before and better, a sorry excuse for a love triangle, and some only OK action sequences.<br />The action is what should have seld this movie.  This movie shares a lot from Blade.  Only where Blade one mixes a good solid story with cool people, Underworld fails.<br />Where Blade 2 pumps up the action, leading up to the most intense fights in recent action movies, Underworld simply falls flat.  Underworld does have its share of action but they simply don't do anything new, or anything that is heartpumping, nor anything that is simply cool.<br />Leave this one buried.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|I was amazed that this movie works as well as it does.  I first became acquainted with Daft Punk when I was living in the UK and the first bits of the movie were released as the videos for the first four tracks on the album.<br />Discovery doesn't sound particularly like a concept album when one listens to it, so I was expecting that they would have to at least insert dialog or rearrange the tracks for the film, but they did not.  The visuals carry the story, but the songs are so well integrated that there is never a clash, nor does the viewer find himself wondering what is going on.  Even the motivation of the villain is clear.<br />Matsumoto's visuals are beautiful.  I think this film is accessible even to those who are not normally fans of anime or house music.
B000002GJ7|4.0|I'll admit, I didn't give this much of a listen at the time, but since I recently have, Wow! I guess I could say I'm amazed at how good this is. I know they got tossed in with the hair-metal bands of the era, but they seem a step above that. This album does have many of those elements, but it's also pretty diverse. Besides plain rock, this also includes ballads, some songs like &quot;Get The Funk Out&quot;, have a touch of &quot;Chili Peppers&quot; feel to them, and &quot;When I First Kissed You&quot; sounds like it should be on a &quot;George Michael&quot; album, be that good or bad. The opener &quot;Decadence Dance&quot; is great, I really like &quot;He man Woman Hater&quot;, and of course the two huge songs &quot;Hole Hearted&quot; and &quot;More Than Words&quot; are here as well. The songs I didn't mention are all good too. Personally, I'd take this over their &quot;Best Of&quot; anyday.
B00005JLD4|4.0|I don't know what to say.  This movie evokes so much emotion.  The story of 3 Aboriginal girls, ripped from their home to be integrated into white society ways because -- once again, someone determined that there was something wrong with non-white ways.  Their escape, a triumph!  Their journey after that is the story.  It shows that teaching a child to have a strong sense of family, to know who they are, they can go farther than even they knew.  The children give marvelous, nothing-less-than believable performances!!<br />Ningali Lawford, who plays the Mom, is the reason I bought this DVD.  I saw her in a PBS Special (Vis a Vis: Native Tongue), talking about her life as an Aboriginal, comparing it with the life of a Native American, who was in the documentary with her.  Unfortunately, it is not being shown again nor is it for sale.  So, wanting to see her in something, I found Rabbit Proof Fence.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw has an absolutely beautiful CD here.  I never skip any of the tracks, which for myself happens on a rare occasion.  CD's don't come along like that very often.<br />My favorite songs are tracks 7 and 8.  &quot;Crush&quot; is a song that I can immediately relate to.  Every word rings tones that I am familiar with or have experienced in some way or another.  &quot;I Don't Want to Be&quot; really just speaks by itself.  <br />This is a great CD that would be essential to any collection.  Gavin has hit all the right notes, both musically and of the soul.
B000001EGA|3.0|Elton, having conquered country rock and pop rock, now wanted to conquer art-rock. HOORAY!! And what better way to prove you've gone progressive than call yourself 'captain fantastic' and have a front cover with all types of weird creatures from little tea pot men doing calls on nature in front of everyone to half finch half human creatures. What a way to prove how artistic you art... I mean are.    And then proceed ten songs that portray Elton and Bernie recounting how life was so tough but they were so brave and strong and overcame all the huge obstacles, all nicely topped off with a smug look of 'IIMM friends with JOHNNNN LENNON you know'. And, not taking all that too seriously, it's only meant to be entertainment (although they don't really give anything away that they 'don't really mean it')(!)    But you'd think an album that is basically meant to be inspired by late 60's psychedelia and 70's art-rock would be better than this? Still, 'Bitter Fingers', 'Better off dead' and 'Someone saved my life tonight' are excellent psych/art-rock melodies, with gorgeous vocal harmonies, and the gut-wrenchingly gorgeous ballad 'We all fall in love sometimes' is even better. And if you expect the rest to be as outlandish or as much fun as the front cover might suggest, then you may understand the 'brown dirt' reference. Rating ***
B00005JMCW|5.0|my wife and i rented this one day we could'nt get out much. this is a very good family movie. this is not just some chick flick i think any age either male or female could enjoy if you are just looking for a fun movie to watch. it is funny and very sweet. and i am not one bit ashamed to say i was wiping very happy TEARS at end of this movie it was great.
0375432302|3.0|OK, I know there was (and still is) a Da Vinci Code craze. Fact of the matter is, most of those people involved in the craze probably didn't read Brown's other book which is better by the way, Angels and Deamons.<br />The Da Vinci Code is pretty much a rehashing of A&amp;D, using similar characters, motives, and situations. Brown needlessly gives the readers a twist at the end, revealing that what you have read before was false, there is no conspiracy, just someone pulling strings to make it seem like there is one, in order to further their own agenda.<br />I would love if Brown wrote like there were conspiracies like these happening, with two seperate entities battling it out instead of a villain taken from any generic mystery. And take away all the religous artifacts and undertones, and that's what the book is, generic. Only the subject matter makes it readable and interesting. Brown is lacking when it comes to believable dialogue, essentially borrowing parapgraphs from text books and throwing quotation marks around them for his characters to explain the plot devices. It hardly ever seems real or based in reality.<br />I think in this case, if a movie is ever made, it will be better than the book. We can only wait.
B00005JMCT|1.0|Watch the first two movies for laughs...this is a terrible transfer and a complete rehash of the previous two moives.
B0000004UB|5.0|How and why does a heavy metal thrash freak enjoy Samantha Fox? Well kids it was the 80's. You see these days you have Ms. Spears all over the place, but she is not even a shadow compared to the queen of sex pop. Samantha Fox, sex, and the 80's all go hand in hand. I mean c'mon you've no doubt seen her pictures over the years. The woman had the most perfect body I've ever seen. Her face was to die for too, I'd say she is one of the top 5 of most beautiful women who've ever lived.  Her sweet soft voice crooned through enough songs to make you wonder how many teenage pregnancies occurred while she sang to kids in the back seats of their cars.<br />This album was a favorite of an old girlfriend of mine. When I picked her up and she threw this album into the tape deck, I knew I was in for the kind of night I wanted. The album would start off with `Surrender to the Spirit of the Night' to get us in the mood. By the time we got to the beach we were making out to `Naughty Girls need Love too'. We would be going all the way by the time her Rolling Stones cover of `Satisfaction' came on. God Bless Samantha Fox, she was one of the thousands of reasons the 80's ruled.
B000022TSY|5.0|It is as simple as this. There's nothing, really, to &quot;get&quot;. This movie is about freedom and peace. It's about how the tyranny of the &quot;Status Quo&quot; stifles the spirit of man, and with bleak outcome, illustrates how this wreckless hatred of difference, and unacceptance of our fellows, ends in destruction of peace. Those with baseless pride, always quick to judge and condemn, are the real villains, despite the protagonists' lawlessness, they bring no harm to anyone, which is in stark contrast to the majority of those they encounter. <br />I keep reading reviews on how many &quot;sided with the rednecks&quot;. All I can say is that if you find yourself doing just that, then you really must delve further into the nature of freedom. *REAL* freedom. <br />That is the essense of this film. It is the one word of description to label it and define it. The protagonists' are on a quest to discover what it is to be free, whilst indulging in it. The realisation of the farmer's existence is an example of where they see how freedom is manifest in different forms. Despite the choice of the expression, the farmer and the (anti)heroes share a similar viewpoint on life. <br />This may very well be the most patriotic film ever made. It is a shame that so many can't look past the surface to see that fact.
B00005JKC3|1.0|Like most parents I enjoy Saturday morning cartoons with my kid. It's fun to watch them discover Warner Brothers Looney Tunes and Superheroes for the first time. On the 'Amazing SpiderMan and Friends' show she really got into great characters like Iron Man, The Thing, The Red Skull, Venom, and of course, The Incredible Hulk. Imagine her excitement (she's 5) when she learned that the Hulk was going to be made into a movie!<br />I took her to the theater and I was looking forward to it myself. I was more of an X-Men and Iron Man type of guy myself, but I grew up watching the Incredible Hulk show on Friday night (it came on right after Sha na na).<br />Half an hour into the movie, she starts fidgeting, by the first hour she was asleep. I woke her up for the ending, but she wasn't amused. &quot;Daddy that Hulk is weird looking&quot;. She said it loud enough to get a couple of chuckles from those around us. Apparantly I should have been watching the people around me instead of the movie for entertainment. The kids were all asleep (it was a 7:30 show), the adults were bored, and the story was just bland. I describe this movie as to driving back and forth over a speed bump.<br />When a superhero movie as popular as the Hulk puts an entire audience of kids into a slumber, something is wrong. The only saving grace in this film was the cameo salute to Lou Ferrigno, the 'real' Hulk.
B00005JKJA|5.0|The key questions are (1) whether it was necessary for Lynch to flout so many \\"traditional\\" assumptions moviegoers are used to making regarding narrative flow, temporal order, cause-effect, character identity and continuity, story vs back story, the real vs the imagined, and (2) whether the payoff is significant enough to warrant it. I think the answer all things considered is yes. \\"Mulholland Drive\\" may not be a masterpiece in the artistic sense - time will tell - but it presents so many new and interesting solutions that it must count as a major achievement, by any director. <br />Yes, there is a plot and there is a high-stakes theme to go with it. The theme is love, betrayal of love, reaction to the betrayal, and the consequences of that reaction. All very sad to the point of tragedy, an American tragedy, Shakespearean territory even, and not just because so much beauty is destroyed but because we are reminded how much, as human beings, we are still in the grip of our passions and how difficult it is for reason to gain a foothold once emotion has spoken. <br />....<br />Also coming through are several jabs aimed at Hollywood. Lynch is indeed taking dead aim at the meatgrinder that spits out nothing but Kleenex-level mediocrity 24 hours a day with types like Adam Kesher behind the camera shooting silly-ass nostalgia or some such just to make money. It's that very system and the values it holds dear that make it impossible for true love to exist, or anything else that's real -- only love of power, fame, and money. Is this unique to Hollywood? Obviously not, and Lynch wants us to realize what's really important and sacred in life, as opposed to what's merely a means to an end. <br />...<br />The acting is fantastic. Naomi Watts does a tour de force and the stunning Laura Harring - a former Miss America and now Countess von Bismarck - is perfect. Let's hope Lynch will find the money for his next project.<br />WHAT TO THINK ABOUT<br />This movie is much ado about quite a bit.  Lynch makes the audience work to figure out what's going on because he wants to make art, where you shouldn't be spared the trouble of thinking.  After you've exercised your gray cells, you're ready for meaning and not before, he says.<br />As with any work of art, several interpretations are possible.  The one theme that I see as accounting for the movie's sadness is that treating beauty as mere merchandise can only lead to ruin.  What comes out of Hollywood is a form of cultural pollution.
B0000004WM|4.0|&quot;Hurt me! Hurt me!&quot; was the best tune on the CD, but it wasn't as good as her earlier work. Although in the video she still looked hotter than the lid of a pot-bellied stove. I heard for the title track she had to sing completely in the nude to get just the right 'atmosphere'. She apparantly sang it to Paul Stanley of KISS because Paul had written a song about her called 'Heart of Stone' which appeared on the KISS album 'Revenge'.<br />I think Miss Fox was scraping the bottom of the barrel for material on this album. She didn't do much writing anyway, but the Full Force gang had ridden it's course by 1991. She sould have found herself some new writers and got away from the third rate B-sides she was trying to push.
0780625129|1.0|'American History X' fails to examine racism in the United States simply because the average person in not a Nazi skinhead.  This movie shows the most extreme side of racism; the side that is so filled with hate that it causes someone to murder.  Although certain moments are powerful and moving, other moments are very ridiculous.<br />The basketball game with the whites vs. blacks is embarassing and so is the scene where Edward Nortan tries to stuff meat down his own sister's throat.  It is manipulative filmmaking; the filmmaker wants to scare the audience with the evil main character.<br />Ed Norton is then thrown in prison for killing two blacks, and then faster than you can say 'Adolf Hitler' in German, he is changed forever.  He is no longer the genocidal skinhead, but is an open-minded good guy who wants to save his brother from the skinhead groups.  All of this happens so abruptly it is unconvincing.  Let me tell you the real reason why Ed Norton's character changed; he did not want to go back to prisom where he would be gang raped.<br />A genuine film about racism would be showing about average people and their racist beliefs.  That is the real racism in America; the subtle stuff that goes on behind closed doors in homes.  Not this.  This show the very extreme of racism and even that is exaggerated.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Just picked up the DVD set after reading the reviews on Amazon and it shows how FOX has been slipping by letting this get away from them. Hopefully DVD sales prompt someone else to pick it up so we can enjoy more of this crew and get some answers to questions raised in this (hopefully only first) season.
B000002UJQ|3.0|'Ok Computer' is pretty good until the end of 'Karma Police'.  After that, the album is medicore.  It seems like the band ran out of energy and gas at that point.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|I heard the first 3 songs and realized that those songs are redundant. This album is retarded! Totally waste of money. <br />I think i need to confirm with Ms. Spears about her definition of music... Her voice hurts my ears so badly OUCH!!!
B0000TB014|5.0|Everything is great about this DVD. The order of the songs, the songs themselves, it is all great! Anyone who has ever liked any Michael Jackson song absolutly needs to have this DVD! It goes from the early Michael solos that put him on the map to the songs that will forever be imprinted on our minds. It touches the soul with &quot;Man In The Mirror&quot;, and makes us laugh with &quot;You Rock My World&quot;. It turns back the clock with &quot;Don't Stop Til' You Get Enough&quot;, and shows us modern day problems with &quot;Earth Song&quot;. This music compilation will explore all emotions of all who watch it. This DVD really is one of the most inspirational things I have ever seen in my life. I promise that if you like Michael Jackson and your undecided if you should buy this you should, you will not be dissapointed.
B00006CXXU|4.0|I never been a big fan of Christina Aguilera. In fact, i think her first cd is a trash, expect for few songs. Nevertheless, when i bought and listened her second cd, i was surprised by the improvement she showed. Christina's songs are like stories. It amazes me that there is still a good musician in music industry that cares about quality not money. <BR>When i compare Christina's cd &quot;stripped&quot; with Britney's new album...&quot;In The Zone&quot;, it feel like comparing gold and dirt. Stripped is much better than In The Zone
B000089RVX|5.0|I dont know much about this group except that they have tricks up there sleeves with a mellow almost hypnotic beginning to there songs and a hard edge for the finale I love this group and cant wait to hear more from them in the future
B000001FOS|5.0|&quot;Heaven Tonight&quot; was the first Malmsteen song I ever heard, and to this day it reigns as my favorite.  It was the original reason for me to buy this album, and once I started listening to the rest of it, I realized what a gem I had on my hands.  The songs on this album are quite diverse - there is something for every fan.  The tender ballad &quot;Dreaming (Tell Me)&quot; is parked right next to a rockin' instrumental called &quot;Bite The Bullet&quot;.  And for the fans of the darker side of melodic rock, &quot;Rising Force&quot; should do the trick.  &quot;Faster Than The Speed Of Light&quot; features scorching guitar work, and &quot;Now Is The Time&quot; will have you hitting the repeat button.  All in all a great album, and if you like this one, get the album &quot;Trilogy&quot; along with it...they go great together!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It's the only sci-fi show without aliens.  It's the only sci-fi show with humans.  I'm speaking figuratively on that last point, but it couldn't be any truer.  These characters have personality, dimension, , humor, darkness, imperfection...humanity.  <BR>   Why does most sci-fi tv suck?  Because the characters are paper thin...because their dialogue is empty and quickly grating.    Granted, Voyager gave itself some dimension with those profile camera shots of the borg chick, but it's a better show with the volume off.  That's a bad sign.  <br />Stories ultimately have to be about people...alien or otherwise.  This show tries to make sci-fi about people again.  It does a good job too.
B00007LTIA|5.0|this record is hands down yes's most controversial one, and not for people who dislike complex music. this one took me awhile to fully appreciate probably because of it's length. other yes albums are experimental, but this one is very unique, aside from being the only yes studio double-album. if you're into a challenging musical adventure, this record is for you. it's truly beautiful.
B000002UAB|5.0|As mentioned already by previous reviewers, this is the British version of Meet The Beatles-which combined a few tunes off their 2nd album with this, their 1st(in the US).  I was just a wee lass when these guys arrived on our shores &amp; as soon as I saw them on their very first appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show, I knew life was never gonna be the same.  No matter what age you were if you were around 40 yrs. ago, you realized this was history in the making, the start of something new &amp; exciting in the world of rock &amp; roll music.  From the opening cut to the very last, the music sounds just as fresh even now.  NY's oldies &amp; classic rock stations will be playing most(if not all)of The Beatles catalog during the month of February.  Today's so-called 'boy bands' cannot hold a candle to these guys &amp; all the other great rock/pop bands of the British Invasion of the 1960s.  No Beatle album collection is complete without this.  Extremely enjoyable &amp; worth 10 Stars.
0060900075|4.0|I liked this book right from the start, maybe because it supports my views upon life, but at the same time it challenges my view upon drugs through my views upon life.<br />Aldous Huxley describes a state of Suchness as a state where everything just exists, there is no real value in this state of mind except that there is beauty in everything, it's a kind of objective state distanced from the beholders self. To Aldous Huxley this is a state he reaches with mescalin, and the attainment of this state is the argument for drugs, because as he says, this is the way that people ought to see things. Huxley believes that we would be better human beeings if we reach into to this Other World, this state of distance from our own egos, and I believe he is right. We would probably be more peaceful, more open minded, more accepting and more forgiving, but as he points out, this is also a state of inactivity. This mind at large is a very observative and percieving state, and the beholder might even forget or ignore even his/her own basic needs like food. We aren't productive enough to sustain our own living in this condition.<br />I think that I know this state of mind well, with all it's blessings and pittfalls, even though I don't take any drugs (except from beer). Anyway I have started to wonder if I could extend this state of mind with mescalin, and wether it would be any good? My principal standing is that no drugs are needed in order to extend the experience of life, that's why I almost never have taken any kind of medication, even though I might suffer from pain. Also freedom is very valuable to me, so addiction scares me away form drugs. But if we had a perfect drug with no addiction, why not have this expereience? Why not once in a while? And why not all the time?<br />I think that Huxley himself answers this question very well in his book Brave New World, although its a long tim ago that I read it (6-7 years). I definitly need a brush-up on it. I read this as a critiqueof the ignorant state of mind of all the inhabitants in the Bave New World. I loved this book by all my heart and would recommend that you read it after reading Doors of Perception.<br />Another book that I will recommend highly is &quot;Amusing Ourselves to Death&quot; by Neil Postman. This book is about another kind, but omnipresent drug, called television. This book might give you an idea of why drugs/television are no good solution. Drugs are just a too simple push-a-button-and-be-happy solution, the good has no proportions without the harsh to put it into perspective. Personally many of my great Mind at Large experiences have come to me after climbing a volcano, after walking 80 km in 14 hours or just by experiencing an extremely beautiful landscape while travelling.<br />Some of us might be more prdisposed to this Mind at Large than others, but I believe in David Keirseys theory that each of us are in fact satisfied with beeing the kind of person we are. Maybe we envy traits of others, but if the trade-off is our own abilities, we would rather like to be ourselves. &quot;Please Understand Me II&quot; by David Keirsey is a phenomenal book.<br />The reason for only giving this book 4 stars is that it get's a little too speculative towards the end.
B0000E64TQ|5.0|In a conversation about music with a friend, I once jokingly referred to Elton John's long career as being divided into his 'Beatles' years (everything up until 'Blue Moves' in 1976) and then his 'Wings' years (everything after that, starting with the 'A Single Man' album in 1978).  I had to explain that I was referring to my view of the music he did in the early years (albums like Honky Chateau, Don't Shoot Me, Tumbleweed Connection and of course Goodbye Yellow Brick Road) being of such a standard, quality, and even timelessness, in contrast to later years (i.e. Ice on Fire, Leather Jackets, Victim of Love, even The One, and Made in England) that it reminded me of the the progression one might follow from the Beatles' start to finish, then go from that to McCartney & Wings' entire career, and you may get the idea of my off-the-cuff comment, I hope.   This is not to say that I dislike the post 1977 era Elton John, just that I very much favor what his label refers to as the 'classic years' and no doubt many of his fans feel the same way.<br />The new SACD/CD hybrid + DVD 'making of GYBR' deluxe edition just further cements in place my thinking of that early period of Elton John, and in particular this album. They did a wonderful mastering job, and the sonic improvement I noticed the most was the bass guitar.  The clarity of the voices, string arrangements also benefitted from the new re-mastering.    (This is having heard the stereo CD version, not yet the multi-channel SACD).  <br />The 'making of GYBR' DVD was a treat to watch -- you get more of an appreciation for the band, the producer, any and everything involved in the making of this great album.
B0000VAFO0|4.0|after reading some of the other reviews which slamed this movie i took a gamble and decided to check it out for myself. maybe the fact that I was not expecting a great film created the situation that I really enjoyed this movie, end result money well spent.good film to add to my collection.As a final note if you enjoyed this movie you must see 28 days later, Dog soliders and finaly Brotherhood of the Wolf.
B000000WFU|5.0|This music is an amzing example of how words mean close to nothing in a piece.  Karl Jenkins forms an entire song over one mesure of rhythm.  16th 16th 16th 16th 8th 8th 8th 8th.  The words mean nothing, but if you close your eyes you can just see the southern costal tip of africa.  This is a must hear for any music teacher, director, conposer, conductor, or performer.  Even if you don't know much sbout music this CD will take your breath away.
B00005JMCW|1.0|If you have been looking to watch this movie, I'll save you the trouble of going through a complete horror! This is the WORST movie I've seen. The plot is very bad. Too bad that those great actors had to be wasted on this. Also, Freaky Friday doesn't deserve deserve the music that plays in it. This plot could've worked, if in the plot, there weren't so many monkey events! If you're interested in watching a supernatural comedy, please try Back to the Future or some other classic like that. Don't go so far to watch this movie at all!
B000002KKC|5.0|Though &quot;Tusk&quot; is perhaps the least commercially successful record by Fleetwood Mac's most notable member-line-up (Lindsey Buckingham, Stevie Nicks, Christine McVie, Mick Fleetwood and John McVie), it is by far their absolute best work ever! The lack of commercial success for this album may stem mostly from  uncontrollable forces of nature (ie., 1979 was the worst record buying slump in music history, according to every record company).  Tusk was an adventurous double-LP at a retail of $15.95 (a high price in 1979) - So these things are major reasons for it's lack of major commercial success (not to mention a national radio station played the LP in its entirety, causing tens of thousands of people to record the LP rather than purchase it) - With all that said, the truth is, &quot;Tusk&quot; is by far Fleetwood Mac's absolute best work.  It surpasses even the greatness of its predecessor, &quot;Rumours&quot;.  The three songwriters each wrote amazing songs, Lindsey perhaps writing the best songs he's ever written.  The vocal harmonies are unbelievable (ie., second half of &quot;Beautiful Child&quot; - Amazing harmonies).  The only down side (if there even is a downside) is that five of Christine's contributions are more or less, ballads.  She only wrote one upbeat song for this LP (Think About Me).  I, personally, would have liked a couple more upbeat tunes from Chris.  However, on the other hand, Stevie wrote two ballads for this LP (Storms and Beautiful Child), which was very refreshing as up to this point the only ballad available to most people by Stevie would have been &quot;Landslide&quot; from the white Fleetwood Mac album.  Don't be fooled simply by Billboard rankings, or total LP sales ... That doesn't necessarily prove a record's worth, especially in this case.  Tusk is truly Fleetwood Mac's best record ever ... And definitely one of the very best records ever recorded!
B00005JME0|4.0|I first was interested in seeing the butterfly effect for ashton kutcher and the thrill that came along with it, but when i read a review in the paper the day it came out i realized how incredibly disturbing this movie was going to be.  I thought the performances by ashton kutcher, amy smart and ethan suplee were ver well done and i thought the movie as a whole was very good and clever but this movie is extremely graphic, horrifying and disturbing.  But worth it, if you are able to stand those types of movies.  I give it four stars.
B000002KGT|5.0|This is the first time I've ever reviewed anything here, but felt a need to do so with &quot;Rumours&quot;.  Rumours is Fleetwood Macs most commercially successful record.  However, I do not think it's their best work.  It's a fantastic record, to be sure, but of the six studio records produced by this line-up (Lindsey, Stevie, Christine, Mick and John), Rumours ranks 4th as my personal favorite.  Tusk, by far, is their greatest work, followed by Fleetwood Mac (The White Album), Mirage, (Then Rumours), and finally, Tango In The Night.  Ranking Rumours 4th almost makes it sound like I'm downing the record.  I'm not.  It is a fantastic record, one of the best ever made.  What I'm actually doing is saying that though Rumours is one of the best records ever made, this band has produced at least four other records that are even better!  So, if you've heard and liked Rumours, I'd highly recommend TUSK, FLEETWOOD MAC, and MIRAGE to you.  And, Tango In The Night - Though not as powerful a record as any of the others, the sound quality is probably superior to all the others.
B000000P17|5.0|I will judge what the product you buy is. Yes, it's not half as good as other Gn'R cds since they are covers, but you know what... it's one of the most fun albums to listen to. It's one of those that you can pop anytime in your stereo and have a good time listening to. It's fun to sing along some of this lyrics &quot;I don't care about you, fV&lt;k you!&quot;, others are sad like Since i don't Have You and Ain't It Fun, but most of this albums is just fun to listen to. It's rawer and heavier than the Illusions, it's not as original or groundbreaking as Appetite, but all the songs are good, even &quot;look at your game&quot;, who gives a flying fV&lt;k if Charles Manson wrote it... the song is good. Maybe the least good song in the album is &quot;You can't Put Your Arms Around a Memory&quot;. Anyways, this album and &quot;live era 87-93&quot; were meant purely just to hold the fans until the new album comes out... which we are all still waiting for. I say buy it, enjoy it, love it... this one is one of those you will keep in your cd player for a long time and you'll find yourself wanting to listen to it again and again, regardless if they are covers.
B000002L9Y|5.0|I love this record, and feel it deserves a 5-Star rating, even though it's my least favorite of the five studio recordings by Fleetwood Mac's most popular line-up (Lindsey Buckingham, Stevie Nicks, Christine McVie, Mick Fleetwood and John McVie).  The only reason I rank it as my least favorite is because I'm comparing it to four extremely superior records by one of the greatest band's in music history.  Sound-wise - The quality of the overall sound is superior to any of the band's previous records.  Christine's McVie, in particular, sounds better than she's ever sounded before or since.  On the other hand, Stevie sounds worse than she's ever sounded on any Fleetwood Mac record. Perhaps it's because she arrived very late to the recording studio (due to her solo tour schedule), and her vocals had to be mixed into an already finished product.  But whatever the case, Stevie's voice sounds terrible on this record, and the fact that Chris and Lindsey's voices sound better than ever only makes Stevie's less-than-perfect vocals that much more noticeable to the listener, not to mention Stevie's songwriting contributions to this record offer the worst songs she's ever written ... So, you might say, it's Stevie Nicks' fault that I rank this as my least favorite Fleetwood Mac record.  Otherwise, not only is the overall sound superior, but there are also some fantastic songs on this record (ie., &quot;Little Lies&quot;, &quot;Everywhere&quot;, &quot;Isn't It Mightnight&quot;, and &quot;Mystified&quot;, the latter being a ballad co-written by Christine and Lindsey).  Obviously, but not necessarily surprising, is that most of the best songs on this record are by Christine McVie.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|But hey, you did!  Uh, this is inarguably my favorite televisions show of all time.  I've shown this DVD to everyone I know (no exaggeration), and they all love it (no exaggeration).  Uh, if you haven't yet made the purchase of 'Firefly' - no matter what type of shows you like, or what age, ethnicity, gender, creed, or color you happen to be, than<br />FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!! BUY THIS DVD!!!<br />And to the b*stard that said that this review was not helpful (before I edited it): screw you, buddy!  And to everyone who compared this show to Star Trek or Farscape, screw you, too.  Those shows are for 35 year old guys who live in their mom's basement and don't know what girls look like.  THIS show is for *you*....<br />Well, not just you.
B00003CXSM|1.0|Ms.Lo does it again proving that she can't act. There was no chemistry between the two characters. Also, casting directors have to stop picking actresses like her in movies that could really be good. And another thing does SHE look Italian.I think NOT. Her playing one is just plain insulting.
B000002H6C|5.0|In 1986, after releasing Master of Puppets, Metallica was probably the biggest underground metal band in the world. The fans were pulled in by Ride the Lightning, and they became life long fans with Master of Puppets. But on September 26, 1986 while on tour in Sweden, Metallica's tour bus slipped on a patch of black ice that was on the road, and master bass player Cliff Burton was tragically killed. Within a couple of months Metallica had a new bass player in Jason Newsted. The group went into the studio and ended up releasing a 5 track E.P. of cover songs to get Jason acquainted with the band. But then in 1988 Metallica went back into the studio to begin work on their tribute to Cliff Burton, ...And Justice For All. The album is very progressive, long thrash metal masterpieces that put Metallica atop the world. The only set back to this album is it's cheap production, but it's understandable that they have no bass, considering the state of mourning they were probably in. But production really doesn't matter, this album is incredible, perfect in almost every way.<br />Blackened: A great way to start the album, fast guitars, heavy riffs, great growling from James Hetfield, everything you want in a thrash metal tune. - A<br />...And Justice For All: THE epic thrash song. Theres no other way to put it, this song is great. A masterpiece in every aspect. - A<br />Eye of the Beholder: This one isn't as good as the previous two, but it can hold it's own with any other band. - B<br />One: Wow, thats about all you can say. This was the first music video Metallica ever made, and it's a great video to compliment a great song. It's about a guy that steps in a landmine and loses all his limbs, kinda creepy. But awesome. - A++++<br />Shortest Straw: This one is great as well. It has a really heavy intro which is really cool. It's one of my favorites from the album as well. - A<br />Harvester of Sorrow: This one isn't my favorite. A lot of people really like it, and think it's oneof the best on the album, but it doesn't do it for me. - C<br />Frayed Ends of Sanity: Awesome, this song starts out with a great riff. In the middle and changes and goes to another great riff, just a great song. - A<br />To Live is to Die: This one was written entirely by Cliff Burton. The band thought it would be cool to have a song on this album that was written by him, it is made up of riffs that he had left lying around. - A<br />Dyers Eve: This is a really angry, and really fast song. It is rumored that drummer Lars Ulrich can't really play it, but I don't know that I believe that, a great song. - A<br />In the end this album is incredible. Most of it is written about political struggles in the world. It's very very angry, and overall a tribute to Cliff Burton (RIP). If you don't already have it, buy it now.
B00005JMCN|5.0|This movie was a surprise to me,not because I don't<br />like movies about horses, BLACK BEAUTY,<br /> NATIONAL VELVET I loved those also.<br />The thing about this movie is, it<br /> really was not about a horse in itself.<br />To me, it was about courage, heartbreak,<br />love and loyality.<br />All those things that make you human.<br />Make you search deep within yourself and say<br />I DON'T CARE how high the mountain is<br />I am going to clim it.<br />That horse had a SOUL and<br /> he gave a piece of it to the<br />people who loved him and needed him.<br /> Great story.
0679735909|1.0|Hmm...how best to describe this book? Dull. Dull. Sleeper. Boring. Dull. Take my advice: don't read it. It hooks you in in the beginning (however slight that hook may be) but then it drags on FOREVER. It's hard to follow, and you read about 100 pages total of useless junk and letters...blah blah blah. Don't waste your money on such a worthless, sugary, boring book.
B00003CXC6|5.0|In my top ten movies of all time. I would say that this is Kurosawa's masterwork. Obviously he has created many classic films, but this simply, for me, defines what he was all about. The DVD itself is extremly well done, with a commentary by Robert Altman. Highly Recommended.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Despite the overall good rating this film gets, I'm surprised at the number of picky and outright unfavorable reviews it's received.  <br />True, it's not quite flawless; it has at least one plot glitch I can think of, and it is framed upon the dear old stock B-movie revenge fantasy (which was NOT invented by Shakespeare--it was a tried and true formula long before he got to it.  And while we're at it, I can't say I noticed anything Shakespearean, pseudo or otherwise, about the film's dialogue, either).  But that's just about it for flaws.  <br />The movie is about dealing with the reality of death.  How to face one's own death.  How to cope with the loss of loved ones. What is worth the sacrifice of death. What happens after death; the movie firmly and plainly affirms the idea of an afterlife.  The movie does this not just with dialogue, but with imagery, music, and mood.<br />The filmmakers knew enough not just to deal with such subjects on their own merits; the film would have been limited to PBS showings if they had.  They knew, as Proximo did, that they had to entertain to get it across to a wide audience.<br />Did they succeed in blending high themes with blockbuster entertainment?  (For that matter, how many blockbusters bother to try at all?) I'll say they did.  Even most of its detractors will concede the action elements.  But if you haven't seen this, do so, or if you have and missed out on what it was really trying to do, give it a another try.  And as you're watching it, if you've followed along with the movie's real themes about how one comports oneself in the face of the reality of death--one's own as well as that of others--then you too will feel it right in the gut, as I did, at the end when Lucilla says \\"You're home\\".
B0000TG9E2|4.0|Yup, I got it yesterday, and watched everything on it. Here's my feelings on this dvd.  <br />The Prevews <BR>I really liked the previews on this dvd. Mulan 2 is a great one, and so is Mary Poppins. Home on the Range is ok. There is also a preview for the Brother Bear dvd, but it is almost the same as the original theatrical preview. It also has the \\"hot tub\\" trailer from Lion King 1.5. <br />The Movie <BR>This was a real refresher to me because I've only seen \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" once or twice when I was really young (like 3 or 4). My favorite part is when Alice sings \\"A world of My Own\\". I also like the singing flowers in \\"The Golden Afternoon\\" and \\"The Unbirthday Song\\" (I remembered both of those songs from the Sing-along tapes I would watch over and over when I was younger). Overall I liked the movie. I liked the smoking caterpillar! The only parts I didn't really like were the part with the Walrus and the Carpenter, and the croquet game followed by the Trial. <br />The Virtual Tea Party <BR>I did not like this at all! I felt like I was watching an episode of Barney! The only neat thing I discovered was if you click on the index of activities, you'll see \\"cookie recipies\\". Click on that, and there are three recipies fro Chocolate chip, Peanut butter, and Oatmeal cookies. I like to cook, so that appealed to me.  <br />The Sing-alongs <BR>I really liked these since I have always loved Disney's Sing-along Songs. It's also neat beacause these sing-alongs (of \\"The Golden Afternoon\\" and \\"The Unbirthday Song\\") show the film before it was restored. Speaking of the restoration, It's WONDERFUL! They did such a great job!  <br />The \\"Alice Set Top Game\\" <BR>One word, boring. This was even lamer than the tea party! It shows you, like 5 objects. Then, it asks you a question like \\"What does the Mad Hatter wear on his head?\\" You would then click on his hat....see, lame.  <br />\\"I'm Odd\\" <BR>I liked the song, but I wish they created new animation and integrated it into the film. What they did was just use their animation of the Cheshire Cat that was in the movie, and try to make it fit the new song.  The song itself though, is enjoyable and very pleasing to the ear.  <br />\\"Thru the Mirror\\" <BR>This Mickey mouse cartoon was cute and interesting to watch. <br />One Hour in Wonderland <BR>I LOVED this! It was very enjoyable to watch. The story was, Walt had the Magic Mirror from Snow White, and he entertained the girl that voiced Alice and some other people with it by having the mirror show them parts of Disney movies and cartoons. These included, \\"The Silly Song\\" from Snow White, A Mickey Mouse cartoon where Mickey, Donald, and Goofy were all cleaning a big clock, Zip-a-dee-doo-dah plus a little more of Song of the South, and a Pluto cartoon where Pluto took a bone from a bulldog. After that, they showed Disney animators playing \\"Jingle Bells\\" with trumpets, tubas, and other wind instruments. That was very comical  . At the end, it showed \\"The Unbirthday Song\\" from Alice in Wonderland. Throughout the show, it also showed old advertisements for Coca-cola, and they were amusing to see as well.  <br />The Alice Comedy <BR>I didn't think it was very good. It just showed a real girl, going through a dull cartoon world. I thought it got boring after the first 3 or 4 min, (it's 8 minutes total). <br />The Original Theatrical Trailers <BR>They were nice. <br />Walt's TV introductions <BR>They were nice too. <br />\\"Operation Wonderland\\" <BR>I really liked this \\"Behind the scenes\\" of Alice. I always look foward to this kind of stuff on Disney dvd's.  <br />The Fred Waring Show <BR>I liked the first part of this, where Walt talked briefly abot Snow White, Cinderella, and Alice. After that though, I didn't like it at all. It was very weird seeing the people on the show act out some of the scenes in the movie. The Cheshire cat scene was particulary weird acted out with real people. <br />Deleted Materials <BR>These were very good. \\"From Wonderland toNeverland-Evolution of a song was neat since \\"Second Star to the Right\\" was originally written for Alice with different words. \\"Alice daydreams in the park\\" was ok, and the \\"Song demos\\" were very fun to listen to.  <br />Art Galleries <BR>They are very nice pictures, but it would have been nice to see more. <br />Well, that's my review!  I hope you enjoyed it!
0385504209|3.0|I found the first half of this book really interesting and catchy; even the \\"historical\\" data is very interesting (I looked at the last supper, and indeed there is a woman sitting to the right of jesuschrist).  Even with the new research on the historical persona of Christ (he never really existed but his life is a series of compilations from other religions), it is interesting to read how he was seen by freethinkers of other ages.<br />However once the fact throwing stops and the characters start changing sides the plot turns into a \\"hollywoodlike thriller\\" and you almost want to put the book down.
B000000OR9|4.0|Yes, they do look like silly poofed-up pirates on the cover, and the production is pure 80's slickness. But, this album has been a guilty pleasure for years ever since it came out. I thought all that pop/hair metal was just absolute crap during its heyday. Somehow, this one grabbed me. The riffs are tough, and they mix up the feels &amp; tempos more than most hair metal bands. Besides his tenure with Thin Lizzy, and maybe Whitesnake, I don't think Sykes has come up with anything remotely as focused &amp; interesting.
B00005AAFS|5.0|&quot;Mutter&quot; is the most heaviest of Rammstein's all CDs. There's lots of good effects and the riffs are hardcore. The new thing is the backing female vocals...but they're still awesome! My favorite track probaby has to be &quot;Ich Will&quot;. This is what's nice about this band, the older they get...the more crazier and wicked music they produce...not like many bands out there today that started their careers as totally awesome and now they suck...
B00008OWZC|4.0|I'm split on about half of the contents of this 3 CD package. The acoustic stuff sounds incredible. Plant is is in good voice hittin' the high notes. There's a real spirit coming thru on these tracks. The drums don't sound like a Jimmy Page production. More like Bob Rock (Def Leppard, Metallica). Maybe what they had to work with as far as recording it put up some sonic limitations. There are some great tracks. Disc one is probably my favorite, as well as the acoustic stuff. I have bootleg stuff that blows the more extended stuff (Dazed &amp; Confused, Whole Lotta Love ect.) away. Still a treat to hear, and great for all fans without the resources for sifting thru all the bootlegs out there.
B00005MM67|5.0|I am sorry that some critics have panned this movie.  I defy them to find a more realistic mixture of mountaineering, struggle, adversity and a heart-opening friendship.  Go climb a mountain, sometime.  The quote the scientist uses to express to his wife why and how he feels compelled to climb is first rate.  The lawyer's character goes from selfishness and impulsiveness to an actual life altering experience by making a decision most friends would dread.  The billionaire and his team, the big wall rock climbing scenes and avalanche are visually second to none.  Only in the movie, &quot;Alive,&quot; did I feel that I was actually there.  The scenery, lack of special effects, had me use this movie as a reference standard to any other outdoor film.  The Chris o'Donnell movie didn't look cold, or have believable bitter conditions.  Bottom line;  I felt I was there in this film.  The story line flowed to the point of, &quot;I've been there and had those conversations.&quot;  I couldn't believe how long it took to get to DVD format.  I even emailed Paramount requesting them to do so.<BR>Finally, the porter situations made them human, not just extras.  The death scene of Takate and Dallas where highly emotioal and charged.  I have had the opportunity to show this movie to others and everyone of them said,&quot;wow.&quot;  By the way, try to find a musical score even remotely applicable to a story line as this intense music and film creates.  Breathtaking scenery, Pakastani buses, culture and the drive to succeed to the top.  Remember, it took the US to have two climbers summet this dangerous mountain - and it happened only 26 years ago. One out of three have died trying.  See this DVD, it's definately in my top 5.
6300214435|5.0|Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom was the first sequel(actually a prequel) to Raiders of the Lost Ark released in theatres in 1984. The movie made a strong showing at the box office but critics and fans were put off by the film's dark, gloomy attitude. The violence in the film also led to the PG-13 rating. Critics had a field day (even to this day) bashing the movie. While the film wasn't up to par with it's predecessor, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and lacked a strong supporting character such as Indy's dad, played brilliantly by Sean Connery in Last Crusade, it's nowhere as bad as critics and movie reviewers make it out to be. <br />The film's main flaw is that the plot and characterization take a backseat to the action sequences. Still the plot we're presented with isn't bad. Instead of saving the entire world from the hands of Nazi destruction, Indy is just saving a small village in India and himself in the process. The action sequences are quite entertaining and provide some of the best moments of the series. The mine car chase, heart ripping ceremony, spiked room and the final scene on the bridge all are great action sequences. The movie scores points for being different from the other two as it is different in characters, villains, setting and plot from the other two it's sandwiched in between. You can't accuse the movie of being a retread of Raiders, which at times Last Crusade felt like.  <br />Harrison Ford still is great as his signature role(besides Han Solo) and his new sidekick Short Round is amusing. One major complaint directed at this movie is Kate Capshaw's performance as Indy's love interest Willie Scott. True, she can be irritating at times, but hey, there's annoying people in real life why can't there be some in movies? Amrish Puri is great as the film's villain Molaram. While Molaram comes late in the movie and isn't as developed as Rene Belloq, the main villain from Raiders, he is still a memorable villain with his creepy gaze and booming voice. I find Molaram to be a more interesting bad guy than the Nazi villains of Last Crusade. The accusations of racism directed at the movie are quite ridiculous. I'm Indian and don't have a problem with the movie. They only show the cult (the Thuggee were actually a real cult) as barabaric savages not all of Indian culture. <br />It's a shame even Steven Spielberg and George Lucas have joined in on badmouthing this film, as they should be proud of this film and both filmmakers have done much worse films than Temple.<br />Temple of Doom doesn't match it's predecessor but it is still a fun, enjoyable movie and definately worthy of calling itself an Indiana Jones film.<br />Film rating; 8 1/2 out of 10.
0385504209|5.0|Prior to reading the DA VINCI CODE, I have three strong recommendations.  First, read Brown's DEMONS AND ANGELS.  In DEMONS AND ANGELS, Brown introduces the main character -- Robert Langston, the Harvard professor.  The reader will have clearer insight into Langston character develop. In fact, the DAVINCI CODE begins the day after DEMONS AND ANGELS ends.<br />Second, find a copy of the Mona Lisa on the Internet.  There is a URL that offers the contrast within the context of Brown's framework (da Vinci's smile/Mona Lisa's smile).  My friends who have read the DA VINCI CODE and have seen the constrast have developed a renewed appreciation for da Vinci's artistry.<br />Third, find a copy of the da Vinci's The Last Supper that enables you to enlarge it.  You'll need to revisit it several times while reading this great novel.  As a child, I have seen The Last Supper more times that I can count.  However, while reading THE DAVINCI CODE, I developed fresh perspective and a deeper appreciation for this masterpiece.<br />Like DEMONS AND ANGELS, THE DAVINCI CODE offers a series twists and turns that evolve into a series of difficult to predict outcomes.  The common question for this type of novel becomes, \\"who did it?\\"  The reader enters a struggle to uncover \\"who did it.\\" prior to the writer revealing the details.  I was totally taken off guard.  Brown is able to effectively distract the readerby bringing in a series of highly plausible evil doers.  In fact, reading DEMONS AND ANGELS first offers the basis for additional suspects.<br />The most thrilling aspect of this book is Brown's style.  Brown is a crafty writer who has the ability to take the reader to another place.  I was so absorbed, I lost track of time and forgot where I was.  Brown's vividness creates pictured in my mind -- making me forget that I am reading a book and creating the feeling that I am writing a great film.
B0000683DH|5.0|Director Nicholas Meyer puts this age-old question to rest in the spiffy director's commentary included with the Director's release.  My family already owned the entire movie series (up through First Contact) on VHS widescreen, however, as with most DVDs Paramount has given considerable thought to extras (see Product Details).  The interveiws with the principal cast members are both bizzare and funny.<br />There are also extended scenes that longtime fans will recognize are often only included when TBS makes their tri-annual showing of this film. Some would argue they are still unnecessary and slow the film down, but I am thankful that they were restored for this edition.<br />This release had a new transfer that was just as good as, if not better than, the last DVD release of the film in 2000.  For a film of this age (and the fact that no one is about to go &quot;Lucas&quot; on it), colors are pretty favorable, even with the heave use of reds in the action sequences, uniforms, and its effect on fleshtones. Black levels seem pretty solid, but grain and dirt are a bit more detectable the now old effects sequences (the Mutara Nebula sequence seems to suffer the most).<br />Audio is Dolby 5.1 surroud -- the same used in the 2000 release (except for the new footage added, of course).  Don't expect to give your surround system a workout.  Fortunately, James Horner's score is still very enjoyable.<br />Star Trek fans: get it &amp; you won't regret it.<br />Newcomers: A good introduction into the movie series that include the original, principal cast, though I would highly suggest you watch &quot;Space Seed&quot; from the original TV series (as so many others have said) first in order for you to understand Khan (and why it's so funny when Khan says he remember's Checov).  By watching Wrath of Khan, you will avoid the disco fever that plagued the first Motion Picture, and the following movies will make more sense (except for ST V: The Final Frontier).<br />Pure sci-fi enjoyment -- all this from a director (Nicholas Meyer) who considers himself a non-fan!nt -- all this from a director (Nicholas Meyer) who considers himself a non-fan!
0767827902|5.0|For me there are two kinds of depressing movies, there are the kind that make you want to go out and kill yourself, and then there are the kind that just kind of numb you into beleiving that in your life you will never find meaning or fulfillment.  This film falls squarely in the latter category.  This film, along with Pekinpah's &quot;The Wild Bunch&quot; and Leone's &quot;Once upon a time in the West&quot; make up the core cannon of the death of the west movies yet they view it from very different angles.  This film focus's on the death of the innocence of small town middle America as those few rugged individuals who had the courage to seek some sort of answer and fulfilment to their lives who were once thought to populate the west are dying off and leaving behind a dissalusioned populace without compassion, decency, and being slaves to their passions and not masters of their fates.<br />Set in a small town in Texas and loosely following the odyssey of one young man (Sonny) and his interaction with his fellow man (and most importantly woman) over the course of one year in 1951.  Sonny isn't anything real special, just a mediocre high school football co-captain with a girlfriend he doesn't really like and who is about to graduate and likely work for the local oil drillers.  Some notable traits do immediately become apparent in Sonny however, namely his apparent compassion and comoradery for an outcast mentally retarded boy, and the shine which a strong likeable old cowboy type (Sam) has taken to him.  Sonny is at that terrifying stage in life where a person just begins to realize what an awful place the world really is and how awful most people in it really are.  We see his flounderings through his reach towards maturity by means of his affair with his coach's wife, his indiscretions with his best friends ex, and his contemplation on the words of the old timer Sam.<BR>There are other characters given almost as much screentime as Sam leading to multiple subplots, this movie follows the &quot;Winesberg Ohio&quot; model of painting smalltown life thorugh the rich tapestry of the individuals that compose it.     <br />Thematically this movie is all about the loss of innocence, of the west certainly, but also of man in general.  One of the most painful aspects of growing up is realizing that hardly anyone is truly what they seem.  The movie seems to look most favorably on the outlooks of those who least try to conceal what they are and simply deal with themselves and their fellowman honestly, and this is certainly not a bad view to take; to view yourself and the world around you as it really is without a lense.  And yet, the movie shows the barreness of such a view, ultimately leaving itself relatively unresolved.  The movie behaves exactly as it should, and as a result is a joy to watch.  Still, you do leave feeling as though you've just run a marathon through a murky swamp believing nothing and no one to be innocent.  This might be true, but even if no one is innocent (which seems likely) hopefully we won't fall into mere mediocrity and keep striving for some kind of innocence.  <br />A must see for any lovers of existentialist philosophy and lovers of beautifully depressing cinema.
B00005JKCH|1.0|No real plot, unrealistic characters, poor acting - what else can I say?  And a terrible ending.  Maybe it is true to the storyline used in the comic books, but it didn't make sense for the movie.  <br />Please note that my comments are based on *not* seeing the movie in the theater, but waiting to purchase the DVD to watch it in the comfort of our own home theater.  <br />One thing is for sure - we will be selling our Spider-Man DVD soon on eBay or giving it to the local Goodwill store.  Maybe it is great for kids (but questionable with the violence), but a real dud for the 2 adults here (my wife and I) who watch lots of action adventure movies.  This movie just didn't rate up there with others - way over hyped.
B00000G3AZ|4.0|This is a lovely film to behold.  While it is true some liberties have been taken with the story's characters in order to adapt Austen's original work for this film rendition, it is a successful effort.  The set designs, costumes and lighting in many shots are truly picturesque and produce a charming, fairy tale-like glimpse into Regency Period England. Gwyneth Paltrow is to be commended for an affectionate portrayal of the immature and overly-indulged Emma Woodhouse; the viewer likes Paltrow's Emma in spite of her flaws, indeed, because of her flaws the viewer sees the humor in Emma's actions and penchant for meddling (which is no doubt how Austen probably intended Emma to be perceived). Jeremy Northam, as always, shines in Period films.  As Emma's mentor and admirer, his tongue-in-cheek reactions to Emma's missteps and blunders as she navigates her way to adulthood, helps the viewer understand Emma is well-meaning, but still very much a victim of the shortsightedness of her youth.  Toni Colette plays the naive Harriet Smith, who is Emma's trusted friend. The scenes involving the two are well-directed and entertaining and the camera work shows both Paltrow and Colette off to their best advantages.<br />This film, like \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" , helped put Austen's works back in the forefront of the entertainment forum and in that respect alone, it is to be commended. The viewer finds themself caring about the characters and the outcome of the story, which is the reaction any author or director strives to achieve.  I thoroughly recommend the movie to all; the plot and humorous elements of the story are appealing and the characters are timeless.
B0000039PW|5.0|This is an awesome debut for biggie smalls, his best, the best Bad Boy Records cd, a classic, and a must have. U NEED to get it if u don't have it, it is totally awesome
B000089CKH|5.0|Many people remember Nada Surf's first foray into the public eye with their tongue-in-cheek hit single &quot;Popular&quot; from their 1996 debut, &quot;High/Low.&quot;  Due to what can only be described as a stereotypical conflict with Elektra however, their (very solid) second album &quot;The Proximity Effect&quot; was effectively buried, and Nada Surf was unjustly branded a &quot;one-hit wonder.&quot; <br />After a four-year hiatus however, Nada Surf are back with &quot;Let Go,&quot; which is not only their best work to date, but arguably one of the best albums of 2003, hands down.  Other than the slightly anemic &quot;La Pour Ca,&quot; which is, at worst, mediocre, this album is packed front-to-back with perfect songs.  There isn't a misstep here, and I can't really even pick clear favorites, although I think &quot;Blizzard of '77,&quot; &quot;Happy Kid,&quot; and &quot;Fruit Fly&quot; may stand out just slightly.<br />The old Nada Surf finds common ground with elements of sounds from groups like Radiohead and Coldplay, and end up with something all their own that is truly captivating.  I am really not one to overplay an album, but I have been carrying this disk from my home stereo to my car to my computer at work.  This album is THAT good.  <br />Buy it buy it buy it!
0064471837|4.0|The first few chapters, I have to admit, were real boring. Most of it was flashback about Sabriel's father, her time at school and so on, and does not seem to add much to connect the reader with the main character of the book. However, keep reading, and you'll find the author has some pretty original ideas of his own. You're then thrown into this fantasically created world of necromancy and charter spells, with dead spirits who prowl for the soul of the living. It isn't gothic as it sounds though. The story is about a girl, Sabriel whose father the Abhorsen suddenly goes missing. She then sets out on a quest to search for her father on the other side of the great wall dividing the two kingdoms of fantasy and reality. Its got a tiny touch of romance, for those who like a bit of it in their fantasy reading.
B00005JMCN|3.0|I'm not sure what all the hype is about, but I'd bet it being generated by the movie's publisher in order to get an oscar. This movie is good, but not great. Being based on real life events, you would think there would be more character developement and focus, but the story jumps around haphazardly and interesting sub-plots are never followed up. A nice movie overall, a bit predictable and not the &quot;heartwarming event&quot; it's made out to be, unless you personally lived in that era.
B000067J1Q|4.0|Who could argue that SOM is the most enjoyed film of all time by so many people?  It has everything: charm, music and an engaging storyline. SOM has received so many re-runs in cinemas and it's understandable.  Generation after generation can relate to it, and the soundtrack is so special that you will be singing along in no time.  Overall, a must see for anyone who hasn't seen it.<br />DVD SUMMARY:  While it is wonderful to have this film in all its widescreen glory on DVD, the transfer is not fantastic.  It is still better than having it on video, but the restoration work is somewhat disappointing.  A film of this age is bound to be a problem when restoring, but the work they've done is quite noticeable in scenes.  For example, considerable colourisation has been done to a number of scenes because the film has faded over the years.  This colourisation seems to be really bright one minute, then dull the next.  It therefores adds an unnatural aspect to it all.  Despite these issues, the DVD is still a must-purchase just to have the film in all its widescreen glory - afterall, who wants to see the pan and scan cropped video version now?  The special features on the DVD also make it a must own.  The DVD will eventually be remastered again, if anything to redo the 4.1 surrounded mix which currently does not  take full advantage of the original 6 channel mix.  Until then, the current DVD which is still worthy of a place in your collection (throw out that awful video copy).
B00005JM20|4.0|Despite what many people have said, this movie is extremely funny and original. It is true that spy movies have been done before, for example Austin Powers. Just because it has been done before, doesn't mean it has been done right. Rowan Atkinson got it right. From start to finish I was laughing at his quirky humor. He can do both physical comedy and at the same time act the part of a bumbling agent to perfection. This is a must have DVD if you like comedies!!!
B0000DD7NL|5.0|Once again, Ms. Keys outdoes herself!!!! Only a truly gifted artist, with so many years ahead, who is as beautiful as her music, could come up with another winner to follow her earlier efforts in &quot;Songs in A Minor&quot;.  You won't be disappointed with Alicia Keys, but rather, totally enamored and delighted.  We love you Alicia!!!
0385504209|2.0|I read this book because it was in the listing for our book club.  I thought it started well, but petered out pretty quickly.  The characters are poorly drawn.  Plotting is weak.  Not much happens by way of story.  Mr. Brown the teacher seems to have triumphed Mr. Brown the author. Reach Foucault's Pendulum instead.
0141185074|4.0|I agree with other reviewers. I thought the book was hard to get into but woven together so well were the characters at times I couldn't put it down. Towards the middle I had struggles. It seemed at times to be depressing but in the end I read 300 pages in one sitting. Def a keeper.
0316776963|5.0|If you think the written words of Mr. Sedaris are entertaing then invest in the audio version.
B00004SZWD|5.0|All bow down to Stevie!! This album is the best ever made!! I enjoyed this album as a child when my parents had it on 8 track (for the younger set, there was life before CD's)and was one of the first I purchased on tape and CD.  Every song is a stroke of genius!! This is the one album I can listen to every day and still find something refreshing and new.  Any person that consider themselves a serious music collector should purchase this album.  Stevie, thank you for your gift to man!  If the USA ever decide to send another deep space probe beyond our solar system, this album is a must to represent the planet!!
0679428895|3.0|Books based on actual historical events too often fall victim to the same symptom; that of too much research, not enough substance. You would think that a talented writer like Robert Harris (Fatherland, Enigma) would know better than to fall into this trap. Alas, he does not. Although well researched and historically acurate, the book has too much information and not enough plot or characterisation to make the reader care about anything that is going on.<br />And that's too bad, because Pompeii had the potential of becoming a great historical epic. When the Roman aqueduc fails, it's up to Attilus to find the source of the problem and fix it before the greater part of Italian coast goes thirsty. He follows the problem back to Pompeii, an Italian city that is often plagued with earthquakes and where strange rumblings can often be heard. As he begins the repairs on the water system, he soon uncovers the truth of it all; that mount Vesuvius, the mountain overlooking the town, is actually very, very much alive. <br />Told during the last three days of Pompeii, the novel is a fast read full of events and characters that always leaves you craving for more. The characters are paper thin and the plot so derisive that you never care about any of the subplots Harris throws your way. As a matter of fact, now that I'm sitting here, trying to remember who the supporting characters were, they all seem to meddle into one big mess in my head.<br />But Harris should get credit in the research department, because the book is so well detailed that it often feels like a history lesson. Not only is he giving us a lesson on ancient Italian life, there is also a very good lesson on geology and volcanoes. Harris brings you right into the explosion and, with descriptive and very colorful writing, makes you see what this erruption must have been like for the people of Pompeii. <br />Maybe I was expecting too much from this one. In thend end, Pompeii is a good pulp novel, though not much morethan that. With more attention to characters and plot and maybe a bit less attention to details, the book would have been bound for greatness. As it stands, it is an entertaining read that probably won't stand the test of time.
0553573403|3.0|I definitely enjoyed the intricate plot and shady characters.  I like not knowing who's on what side.  What fun is it if you can trust all the characters?  But I was still disappointed by the characters, especially the females.  I really can't stand Sansa, and I wish we could see more from Arya, but both of them and Catelyn seem to lack...something...like they're a bit too stereotypical.  Maybe there's more development in the next books.  I loved the descriptions, the intrigue, the ominous mystery.  Slow in the beginning, the plot steadily builds.<br />It took a few chapters to adjust to the sudden point of view changes, but different doesn't mean bad.  If you're willing to get lost in a totally believable world, and are stubborn enough to get to where the exposition stops and the rising action starts the ball rolling, you're in for quite a ride.  I'm going to read the second book and hope that some characters come to their senses and maybe some more make me care about them more.  But I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a good fantasy, and I don't recommend lightly.  Also, if you like heavy plot and engrossing characters, try Michelle West's Sun Sword series or Hunter's Oath books...not perfect, but enjoyable if you can get through the beginnings.  The hardest part always is the beginning.
B00009V7T2|5.0|I, like most At the Drive-In fans, was waiting for some hints of ATDI in The Mars Volta and Sparta(Tony,Jim,and Paul's new band). And yes Sparta came through with my expectations...The Mars Volta did not. Not to say they disappointed me, as a matter of fact they shocked me! I was taken away by the atmospheric sounds that was coming from my stereo when I bought Tremulent EP and De-Loused. To say that De-Loused is a terrible album, or boring is to call a black person &quot;the n-word&quot; because he/she is black. This album WILL ABSOLUTELY BLOW YOUR MIND!!! No joke either. But I must warn you, DO NOT buy this album because your a fan of ATDI, buy this album because your open minded...You have to be with this type of music. And if you ask me what this music sounds like, I would have to say this is what you get when Peter Gabriel got together with the Dead Kennedys and made a Black Flag/Jazz/Prog styled rock band. All of their influences are displayed as well as many new riffs and sounds that only someone sick of the same old crap that EVERYONE is playing today could make...very inspirational music I must say.
B0000CDLA7|2.0|Fabulous musicians, beatiful production and excellent sound .... but music must have a little bit of soul, creativity, fantasy! It's terribly long and annoying, they just wanted to show us how well they play their instruments. Strictly for fans.
B00005JSGK|5.0|There's not much this movie doesn't have. Action? Got it. Romance? Yep. Comedy? Check. Wild animals? Naturally. Punching, gunplay, explosions, and rocket blasts? Yes, yes, yes, and yes. Hyena bathing and slapstick elephant chases? But of course. Shape-shifting space aliens? Okay, it doesn't have that, but it has everything else and a cast that works well together and isn't overscripted.<br />The story follows a season in the lives of a team of big game hunters (a catch-and-release group that works for zoos and circuses). A couple outsiders come in and the group dynamic changes; the young girl of the group is suddenly all grown up and a love triangle (later a quadrangle) forms and resolves itself; the group's leader has to choose between letting go of the past or missing the relationship of a lifetime; and then there's the horrible rhino curse that must be broken. In lesser hands, it would all be a \\"very special episode\\" of Little House on the Savanna, but Howard Hawks masterfully directs his cast and winds up with some incredible footage of the African plains and its wildlife as well. Add in an excellent score by Henry Mancini, and you are really drawn into the action; the whimsical \\"Baby Elephant Walk\\" provides a nice break from the tension - you know nothing bad can happen once the calliope starts up, so just sit back and enjoy the fun.<br />John Wayne keeps his swagger and drawl mostly in check, but Buttons' physical comedy is a little overeager. Still, the remaining 98% of the film is on target in tone and balance. The scenes between lovelorn Martinelli and Buttons feel genuine, the animal herding and capture scenes feel dangerous, the rhino goring and dislocated shoulder repair feel painful, and your arteries begin to clog at the mention of codfish cakes deep-fried in antelope fat.<br />This is a great movie to lose yourself in. Just make sure you have a full two-and-a-half hours to spend; once you begin you won't want the action, romance, and comedy to stop for even a minute.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|I expected this to be a good movie, but I have never expected it to be this good.<br />The movie starts off with Nightcrawler attacking the white house in an attempt to assinate the president.  We later find out that Nightcrawler's attack was orchestrated by Striker, the father of a mutant who he claims Xavier failed to help.  Striker has devloped a way to control the mutants to do whatever he wants.  His ultimate goal is to destroy all of the world's mutants.  As a result the mutants both &quot;bad&quot; and &quot;good&quot; must join forces to save their kind.<br />From the beginning to the end, this movie left me off the edge of my seat.  The storyline was done exceptionally as well as the special effects.  They never overshadowed the scene and were never over done.  The fight scenes were nothing short of spectacular.  I especially enjoyed the fight between Wolverine and Deathstrike even though it could have been a bit longer. Another action scene that stood out in my mind is Striker's planned attack on Xavier's school.  In this scene we got a chance to see the various abilities of Xavier's younger students as they fought back. We also got a chance to see Wolverine kick some major ass.<br />The acting was suprisingly good all actors seemed to fit comformtably into the character roles and it never seemed like they were &quot;trying&quot; to be their character.<br />While I really enjoyed the first X-Men, this one was much much better.  4 stars don't do this movie justice so I give it a 5.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day hit the mainstream in 1994 with their 3rd album DOOKIE. Their 4 singles from the album, &quot;Longview&quot;, &quot;Basket Case&quot;, *&quot;Welcome to Paradise&quot;*, and &quot;When I Come Around&quot;, are reason enough to buy the CD. With supporting powerhouse fan favorites like &quot;Burnout&quot; and &quot;She&quot;, it is a complete punk-pop experience. It is quite agreed that this is the most popular album by the band, for good reason. Personally, it is my favorite CD of all time, but I am trying not to bias this review (as I am a big Green Day fan). If you like pure punk genius like &quot;Basket Case&quot;, or rather semi-balads like &quot;When I Come Around&quot;, or can appreciate subtle humor concerning &quot;Pulling Teeth&quot; or the secret track &quot;All By Myself&quot; (at the end of Track 14 &quot;F.O.D.&quot;), then you should buy this sheer classic.<br />*Did not receive much radio playtime and did not create a music video because of copyright problems... &quot;Welcome To Paradise&quot; appeared on KERPLUNK, the band's 2nd album, which was under the LOOKOUT label, not REPRISE.*
B000089CKH|5.0|I'm sure you probably remember Nada Surf's MTV hit video &quot;Popular&quot; back in the day. Well, I remembered it, and that's why I never gave them a chance. Until one of my friends forced their most recent album, &quot;Let Go&quot; into my CD player and witnessed my face transform from pessimistic annoyance to shock and elation. Since then, no album has as consistently found its way to my CD player and warranted repeat listening on long road trips as &quot;Let Go.&quot; For the most part the album is a very mature collection that drifts between killer rock songs (The Way You Wear Your Head, Hi-Speed Soul) and beautiful slow, emotion-filled song (Blonde on Blonde, Inside of Love, Killian's Red, Paper Boats). They even throw in an all French song, La Pour as, sung by the bassist for good measure. I can't speak<BR>for their entire discography, but Let Go is an album that you don't want to miss!
B000002AH7|5.0|Miles Davis - Sketches of Spain<br />Among instrumentalists, the collaborations of Miles Davis and Gil Evans are often controversial. Though people universally acknowledge that Evans was a genius as an arranger, it's not easy for those who want a full out hard-bop blowing session to adjust to the cool colors and laid back aesthetic of these works. For many; the most difficult of the Davis/Evans collaborations is this third one in the series. While Miles Ahead and Porgy and Bess both have obvious roots in big band writing, Sketches of Spain delves into material that was generally not in the mainstream at the time. That it does so with subtlety and style is something that can often be overlooked by those who wish that Miles would blow more.<br />Sketches of Spain has its genesis in the slow movement of the Rodrigo Concierto di Arguanez, one of the most beloved pieces of classical music out of Spain. Both Miles and Gil Evans were taken with the piece when they were introduced to it and it forms the centerpiece of the album, and the number that seems to register the greatest number of complaints. Purists in the classical world dislike it's fast and loose treatment of the original work, and in fact, Rodrigo was on record as detesting the final product. And jazz musicians felt the work to be pretentious, with not enough room for Miles to solo, and not enough out and out swing. There was also a feeling that the work was just blatantly copied from it's origins and that any brilliance in the work was due to Rodrigo, not to Evans.<br />A careful hearing, especially a side-by-side comparison with the original Concierto, can dispel much of the criticism of this work. Evans does not merely imitate the piece; he imaginatively rethinks it for wind ensemble. Instead of the spare English Horn and strings with which Rodrigo opens the work, Evans creates a shimmering bed of castanets and harp, over which he layers low flutes and French horns an muted brass, moving in a dense carpet ofparallel fourths. While the main points of the original form are followed, with Miles taking mostly the guitar parts, there are many sections that illustrate the genius of Evans, the arranger. Particularly impressive is Evans rethinking of the guitar cadenzas. For the first cadenza Evans contrasts Miles in his dark low register, with beautifully balanced chords in the flutes and low brass, characterized by unusual voicings that include tense dissonances at the top of the chord. Also stunning is the original section that Evans uses to replace the second cadenza. The bass begins an understated vamp. Miles solos over it with his typical cool understatement and the orchestra builds to the climax of the work. <br />The other cuts on the album are even more understated, but also highly original. Two particularly stand out. Saeta is inspired by a traditional Holy Week procession in which an effigy is paraded through a town, interrupted by a long mournful solo by Davis. The orchestration in this part is stunning. Evans layers martial percussion, a faint bassoon solo and a brass band against Miles' beautiful trumpet. The effect is a jazz tone poem, in the best tradition of the Ellington Orchestra. <br />The other standout on the album is Solea. This work is a long, beautiful Miles solo over a constantly changing orchestral vamp. Evans shows considerable ingenuity in constantly varying the rather static two-chord vamp, and Miles is given just one scale to improvise on. Though this album came out after Kind of Blue, it was recorded several months earlier, and you can see the influence that Evans had on Miles' revolutionary small group album. <br />The re-mastering of this album is terrific. The clarity by which you can hear the delicate sounds such as the castanets and the harp is truly lovely. It compares favorably to the old LP version. My one gripe with this reissue, which I have with most of the Columbia reissue series, is that the filler material is basically not worthyto be released. On this one, the filler includes a Brazilian character piece, which belongs in the filler to the Quiet Nights album instead, and two alternative versions of parts of the Concierto. Though last pieces have some documentary value, they are both vastly inferior to the final product and are ultimately annoying to listen to. I would prefer to have the album as it was finally released and save this sort of material for boxed set compilations, even if that means I only get 40 minutes worth of music. <br />In conclusion, this is a classic album, worthy to join the other Evans/Davis collaborations. It even pushes the art of jazz arranging farther than the other records. And the influence of this work on the history of jazz arranging and composition can't be overestimated. Don Sebesky, Bill Holman and numerous other large group arrangers continually show their debt to the genius of Evans. But, for those who want to hear Miles blow; stick with the quintet and sextet albums from this period. Sketches of Spain does feature Miles, but the real star of the album is the arranging.
0385512104|5.0|it wont be long before the literary world remembers 2003 as the year mark haddon did not win the booker. it is a miracle that this book did not even get shortlisted. novels with such exquisite characterisation, touch, finesse, sympathy and delightful verve are few and far between and when they come stare in one's face it is a tragedy to ignroe them.<br />this book is clearly the breakout book of the year, while the booker jury might have overlooked it in the deluge that they receive, the audience surely will not. this one will go down as a classic.<br />telling the story of an autistic boy haddon takes us inside his distorted world where seeing 5 red cars in a row could be the best thing that could happen. haddon captures the slowly descending spiral that takes christopher boone out of his prtoected world and into the scary big city. the story is somewhere between a children's book and an adults' book and will be sure to delight both audiences.<br />this book is for keeps.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|If you love drama. If you value genius. If your tastes are of a sensual nature you can't help but absolutely love Rufus. Nor can you avoid constanty listenting to Want One. Music basically sucks these days. The few gifted yet sellable artists like Tori and Rufus are a rarity to truly be embraced. Although I love all three of his albums this one is the most soulfully fullfilling. His mix of cabaret and pop is unlike any other musician's I've yet to find. The music is healthy decadence. I truly think he is a musical genius a rarity like Zappa, Tori, and all the other visionary artists, plus he is undeniably beautiful to look at (not that its a factor, but it doesn't hurt). His stage manner is captivating and his live performances engulf you in the moment. I recommend listening to &quot;Oh What a World&quot;, &quot;Go or Go Ahead&quot;, and &quot;Movies of Myself&quot; Actually all of his albums are perfection start to finish so listen to them all straight through. If you can't get enough of this he is on the soundtracks to I Am Sam, Moulin Rogue, and Shrek. Plus he sings a gorgeous duet with Julianna Raye on her Restless Night album. This is artistic heaven.
B00015HVI8|4.0|Stargate from the begining has been one of my favorite TV shows. Especially as of late. I've given up on Star Trek. This season while better than most shows was just not up to par with the level of previous SGSG1 seasons. I know there were reasons but I could never get past Jonas being Parker Lewis. Anyway it's definately worth picking up. But if you want 5star SciFi check out \\"Firefly\\".
B000002H33|5.0|This is it, one of the greatest metal albums to have ever been created. Although many consider it to be Metallica's best, any album released by Metallica in the 80's is surely a candidate for best metal album ever. All 8 legendary songs in this album combine speed and beautiful harmony to make for an hour's worth of perfection. It all starts with battery and ends with the Damage Inc. From classics such as Master of Puppets to instrumental epics like Orion this album delivers all that a Metal lover would want.  Also look into Megadeth, Iron Maiden
B00000J7S8|5.0|OK, I admit it. I'm a fan of this incredible performer. Diana Krall's voice has been described as like honey laced with scotch whiskey. Her smooth vocals and piano stylings, along with the other members of her trio, make for some great listening.   Many of the tracks on this disc are standards that have stood the test of time. Diana gives them a fresh spin. Listen to &quot;Let's Face the Music and Dance&quot; and see if you don't start singing along. She sails through Michael Franks's &quot;Popsicle Toes&quot; with the whimsy this song deserves. I could go on, but you just have to listen for yourself.   The DVD-Audio version of this disc was used for this review. The ultra-wide dynamics, coupled with an excellent surround mix by Al Schmitt, make this a real treat. The stereo version of this album is also included, but the surround version envelops you in Diana's world. It simply must be heard to be appreciated. The only downside is that the hidden song, &quot;Why Should I Care&quot;, appears only on the stereo version.
B000060P79|1.0|A low down on this CD<br />Track 1, school sucks, whine whine whine<BR>Track 2, school sucks, my parents hate me, whine whine whine<BR>Track 3, school sucks, my parents hate me, I am uncool even though I am in the style that is classified as cool, whine whine whine<BR>Track 4, school sucks, my parents hate me, I am uncool even though I am in the style that is classified as cool, I can't get a date, Whine Whine Whine<BR>Track 5, school sucks, my parents hate me, I am uncool even though I am in the style that is classified as cool, I can't get a date, I sound like a whiny broken record, whine whine whine<BR>Track 6, school sucks, my parents hate me, I am uncool even though I am in the style that is classified as cool, I can't get a date, I sound like a whiny broken record, whine whine whine<br />You get the picture.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|This is the only Britney Spears album even worth buying. The songs are awesome to dance to and she seems to have found her place in the dance music and has thankfully gotten past the simple pop music. This style seems to suit her better and its not as much directed toward the teeny boppers as her other albums, so it seems to work better with her not so clean image. Toxic, Me Against the Music remix, the Hook Up, and Breathe on Me are my favorites from the cd. If you're ready to party and be moved to shake your *groove thang* then this is the cd for you.
B000060P79|1.0|4. I'm Just A Kid <br />Yes you are. Go back to school and learn how to play music.<br />10. I Won't Be There        <BR>11. One Day  <br />And a happy day it will be.<br />13. Grow Up <br />Take your own advice. Grow up, play music, make art, and stop hurting my ears. <br />*cries because 1 star is the lowest*
0385504209|5.0|I could not put the book down!! I received this book for Christmas and finished it in three days. I'm going to purchase Angels and Demons
B000084T18|3.0|50's debut cd with interscope records is excellent...his flows are tight.....and he has club-banging beats..but some of the songs wear on you and you get tierd of listening to them....50 is a amazing rapper but maybe next time he will make his next one better....
B000002BYD|5.0|After hearing &quot;Do The Evolution&quot;, I was curious to how PJ aged on this album, and I have to say that I was not disappointed.  Although commercially, Pearl Jam has not had a success like they did with the radio-friendly Ten, that is no excuse to dismiss thier later work.  If you liked Ten and Vs., then Yield should be right up your alley. Grunge is alive, well, and Pearl Jam is now the torch bearers.
B000003TA4|5.0|well...to tell u the truth i hate rock....but my friend let me use this cd and its is great....people who give this cd 1's are either mentally retarted or just smoking crack...this is the greatest rock cd of the 90's.....normally being a rap fan this cd makes me wanna listen to it over...and over....
B00005KHJR|1.0|Oh man...this movie was bad. I heard a lot of good things about it. I heard it was scary, intelligent, and most of all entraining. So, I decided to fork out money for the special edition. <BR>After finishing the movie I felt like all hope in humanity was lost....Okay, it's not that bad. However, I don't see how it could get so many great reviews! I mean I like a lot of movies from Magnolia to Hedwig and The Angry Inch. I figured this would be one of those movies that blow me away and I would go to each one of my family members and friends and tell them all about it.<BR>Oh how I was wrong. The movie has a horrible story...if you do like this movie it's for the sex and sex only. It's boring, too long, and boring again! Don't buy this movie. Please, if you want to keep your soul intact DO NOT BUY NOR RENT THIS MOVIE!
B000089RVX|4.0|&quot;(Live, Dave Matthews and Enya all live happily next to each other in one section of the rack)&quot;<br />that's eclectic?  That doesn't span a whole lot of ground at all.<br />I have King Crimson, Dave Matthews Band, Deicide, Josh Groban, Rudimentary Peni, The Coup, broadway cast recordings, Dying Fetus, and Frank Sinatra cds side by side.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|I'm not a long time fan of the Alien Series, but I always wanted to see it. I finally got to see Alien Resurrection on TV on Halloween week. Then I bought the game Aliens vs. Predator 2 and I started wanted to watch the Alien series. I knew there was a Alien Legacy, but I thought it was a waste of money if I bought it. Then finally Alien Quadrilogy (Tetarology) was released with 9 discs and a lot of more extras. This is just a difficult and high-tech thing to do with the DVDs and the nine and package and everything. This is as far as a DVD could go for all the DVD makers. They have 2 films in one disc and whole ton of extras on the other with some extras on the disc with films, and a bonus disc. I recommend this to any sci-fi lover.
0312263120|1.0|I liked The Da Vinci Code so much that I figured I would check out Dan Brown's past writing, but this book certainly doesn't live up to the author's latest.  There are just too many problems with the plot (see other users reviews, who have detailed them nicely), and his grasp of cryptographic details is just horrible.  I found myself wincing whenever he tried to describe anything remotely technological - not because of his writing ability, but rather due to his glaring misunderstandings in his subject.  Rereading The Da Vinci code would be a better way to spend an afternoon instead of cracking this open.
B00007H1Y2|5.0|This is great life soundtrack music. Ry Cooder always delivers and never bores me. He keeps evolving, and that's art.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|I will just start by saying that the people that say that this movie \\"disappointed\\" or \\"did not meet expectations\\" are just stupid. They're just upset because they can't figure out what the story is about. The story of the Matrix is very unique and allows us to question humanity and its many fallacies. If I was able to give this movie more than 5 stars, I would do it immediately.<br />What captivated me about this installment is - obviously - the visuals. Just watching the humans strapped in their APUs battling in a desperate fight to save humanity against millions of machines and watching the Hammer racing towards Zion while warding off Sentinels reminded me of the epic space battles of the \\"Star Wars\\" movies. The battle between Neo and Agent Smith easily outdoes their quarrel in the previous movie, as Smith has gained more power inside the Matrix.<br />I just can't wait for this movie to come out on DVD. Ever since I've seen it in the theater, I've been waiting for it to come out. Although the cover art is my only complaint for this movie, the movie itself will not disappoint. To those who feel this movie was not good: nobody cares what you think.
0385504209|3.0|I include this book among my &quot;Oh my God, I can't believe I'm reading this crap&quot;! Yes, the writing is AWFUL! How many times does he have to end a chapter with an ominous rhetorical question or declaration of what's to come?  Is this book &quot;great literature&quot;? No, I'll never read it again now that I know the ending.  Is it history?  Lord no, and the fact that people are taking this book as historical fact is downright scary.  If you want literature or history, stay away.  Nevertheless, I have to confess that I could not put the book down; I had to know what would happen next.<br />But I think it's unfair for others to criticize the book because of its poor writing or historical inaccuracies. Sure, the author isn't Graham Greene or John Le Carre, but is he making any claims that he is. I've seen him interviewed twice and he's pretty self-effacing about the book's success. He doesn't claim it as great literature. As for the book's historical misinformation, anyone who looks to pulp fiction for their theological enlightenment are getting what they deserve.  This book is entertainment in the same way that almost any TV show is entertainment.  Light, not seeking to tax your brain. It's cleverly written, yes, but that doesn't mean it imposes any great intellectual strains on the reader. It doesn't.<br />Soooo, if you want something that will kill a three hour flight or a morning on the beach, this is the book for you.
B000001Y5J|4.0|This, possibly the angriest record in the Nine Inch Nails catalog, is supposedly Trent letting loose a lot of hatred towards certain record company representatives. I don't really care about all that, all I know is that this is a great EP. Now, while I'll take musical greatness where I can get it, I could have gone for a full LP of Broken material (as long as it wasn't anything from Fixed). I suppose the best way to describe this album is as such; Distortion over-ridden guitars bludgeon your ears as Trent Reznor seethes hatred from his pores, and some neat keyboard plunking. Reminiscent of early Ministry, you can definitely spot the influence that &quot;The Land of Rape and Honey&quot; may have had on this album, but it still remains an example of Trent Reznor's mastery of organic instruments mixed with industrial chaos. <br />Key Songs: Wish, Help Me I Am In Hell, Happiness in Slavery, Gave Up, Suck.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|...well at least foreign to me anyway, being from the USA and having never visited Japan.  I really enjoyed this movie, for many reasons.  First and foremost, was the way it showed many aspects of life in Japan, the acting, and cinematography were also top notch.  I call it a thinking person's movie because you won't enjoy it if you came in expecting the usual witty dialogue from Murray or clich visions of Japan through the eyes of a visitor.  <br />Other people have canned the movie because, there is little dialogue, and blame this on Sofia, and what they believed to be bad writing abilities.  I think it's the exact opposite, so much of this movie is told through visual narrative, that dialogue would have made it far worse.  One of the best aspects of the movie for me was sitting back and absorbing the interesting view into Japanese; society, culture, customs, and the scenery itself.  <br />Murray gives a great performance, his best since Groundhog day.  Scarlett Johansson also gives a strong performance, especially considering that she was 17 years old at the time of filming.  It is easy to see why she is one of the rising young stars of 2003.  <br />Getting back to the title of my review, I would recommend this movie if you have an open mind and are willing to watch a movie that lies just outside the mainstream.  If you're looking for the usual big budget Hollywood blockbuster, then this movie probably isn't for you.
B000002JR8|5.0|Oh my God. This is one of the best albums I own. I like every song on this. Dimebag Darrels best work is on here. This album includes my favourite Pantera aong of all time Becoming (Next to Cemetery Gates) 5 Minutes Alone you might have heard already. Vinnie Paul is such a good Drummer. I'm Broken is one of Panteras best songs. And Shedding Skin is great too. Good Friends and a Bottle of Pills...check out the lyrics to this one! Planet Caravan is a Black Sabbath cover, and I think Phil has a better voice than Ozzy, so Panteras cover is better than the origional. Strength Beyong Strength is one of their heaviest songs of all time. At the moment Phil Anselmo is in another band called Superjoint Ritual. They're one of my favourite bands too. Pretty much anything Phil touches turns to gold. If you're a real heavy metal fan, you'd already have this CD.
B00008NG5V|5.0|I feel in love with Jack Johnson this past summer.  His music is amazing, and I recommend that everyone should go out and buy both of his cds.  It is totally worth the money.  His music just puts you into a better mood, and is a great idea for a gift for both men and women.
6305692572|5.0|This is one of the best loves stories of all time. Meg Ryan, for the first time shows how she has been do acting school. Until this film I can honestly say that Meg Ryan has not shown any diversity in her acting skills. However, this is a beautiful film and she plays the role convincingly. I was very impressed. <br />The chemistry between Meg and Andy Garcia is great. You can believe that these are two people that love eachother more than anything else in the world. I never cry in films but the pain that these two characters suffer is unbearable and these actors have to be given a pat on the back for their skill. <br />Andy Garcia is a beautiful actor and makes you believe every word he says. He makes the audience want to kiss it all better and conveys the pain in an amazing way. Like every man, he finds it hard to cry but knows what it is to cry. <br />The family on the whole work as a lovely team. Lets face it, the kids are extremely cute, and the older daughter is an amazing actress for her age, so thumbs up to her. Th film moved me and made me believe in a love that you don't find in many other films. Beautiful work from everyone...
B00005U8EM|5.0|Ground Hog Day is beyond 5 stars.  I was once asked what my favorite movie is and I thought a moment about blockbusters and award-winning films I've seen throughout my life and immediately picked Ground Hog Day.  I based my decision on the fact that whenever I flip through the channels on cable and this movie is playing (doesn't matter what time either), I will sit through the remainder of the movie, no matter what point in the story I come in on.  The whole time-loop/stuck in Ground Hog Day (of all days of the year) is brilliant and it couldn't have been done with anyone else than Bill Murray.  Bill is stellar in this movie.  In fact, I love this movie so much that we've named the ground hog that lives under our shed &quot;Phil&quot; (&quot;don't drive angry&quot;).  I highly recommend it, but be prepared to be hooked to the point where you might see it on cable at 2am and continue watching it to the end!
0393038912|5.0|In Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies, Jared Diamond hypothesizes that geographical positioning determined why certain Eurasian-influenced societies acquired an array of conquering forces, which included military technology, lethal diseases, and a complex societal organization, at an earlier historical period than other non-Eurasian influenced societies. For Diamond, the conquest of the Americas, Africa, and the South Pacific territories, should be traced to historical developments taking place from 11,000 B.C. to 1500 A.D. (p.16). These conquests, which were monopolized by European states, received their impetus from the diffusion of crops, livestock, technology, and writing systems, developed within the pre-modern Fertile Crescent (p.411).<BR>         Possessing the advantages of 1) a high diversity of plant and animal species, 2) a large climactic variation, 3) a wide range of latitudes, 4) a wealth in big mammals, and 5) a disposition towards an agricultural-sedentary lifestyle, the Fertile Crescent promoted food surpluses and high population densities, which gave rise to crowd diseases, a governmental bureaucracy dependent on an emerging writing system, and a technological advancement predicated on a culmination of previous invention and geographic reception to neighboring expertise and application (p.138-42, 205, 236, 245-46, 256). Diamond persuasively argues that the transmission and reception of technologically-advancing techniques of certain farming and writing systems could not overcome the tropical conditions of sub-Saharan Africa, the hot intervening lowlands of Central America, the inhospitable Saharan desert, and the arid Chihuahuan highlands (p.186-87,238).<BR>        In my opinion, Jared Diamond does a fantastic job of constituting a groundbreaking and nuanced interpretation of world history. Taking the Braudelian view of history a step further, Diamond brings a scientific methodology to the study of the inter-relation between geography and history. Although Diamond does dismiss the role of individuality in world history, he does not ignore its position. Rather to understand the function of men like Edison and Hitler in shaping certain historical eras, you must first place these individuals within the broad pattern of a historical synthesis (p.420). Finally, Diamond's greatest contribution to a world-historical perspective could be the nail he drives into the coffin of European preeminence and innate superiority. Through lucid reasoning, Diamond explains that the European conquest of the New World, which in his cited example is the Incan Empire of the sixteenth century, should not be interpreted as a result of unique European biology and ideology, but a culmination of an autocatalytic process resulting from technology, agricultural crops, and a writing system transmitted from Eurasia. Through these historical acquisitions, the Spanish conquistadores easily conquered Atahuallapa's regime thanks to a devastating European-imported small pox epidemic that preceded Pizarro's fateful landing, a lack of information concerning the gold-seeking intentions of the united Spanish Crown, and the horse-warfare techniques honed through centuries of Asiatic steppe warfare and now an indispensable asset to these disheveled Iberians (p.76-79). The treachery of Pizarro does not make a difference to Diamond, since even the nineteenth century Maori exhibited the same tendency (p.53). Rather, what matters is the geographical-loaded dice which dealt Pizarro a winning roll.
B00005OW5V|3.0|On The Rebound is a great song (although not written by the band). Chasing Shadows is kind of cool, but it is also sort of chick-ish/pop-ish.  Too Scared to Run is heavy and fast.  That's The Way That It Is is actually a decent pop song.  A video of the song even appeared on MTV in the early days.  The rest of the album is really bland and forgettable.
B00003CX8T|5.0|Although Aladdin was a simple retelling of any \\"rags to riches\\", \\"West Side Story\\" plot, it managed to actually make the story INTERESTING, humorous, and sincerely romantic at the same time. The main characters original goals, stealing to eat and survive, shifted smoothly to his love for Jasmine, the sultans daughter. Using his \\"street smarts\\" combined with cunning, ingenuity,(and a little help from a big genie)he wins the hearts of the people AND the princess. What makes this story so classic is the fact that Aladdin's motivation never included riches and gold, or becoming the ruler of anything...he wanted nothing more than the love of Jasmine. Many (who probably haven't seen THE FIRST \\"Aladdin\\" installment) say \\"The Lion King\\" is Disney's best movie...Ok...it can be considered the \\"best\\". \\"Aladdin\\", however, will never lose its title as the GREATEST!! You can quote me on that.
B0000DJZA5|4.0|What's here sounds great. I can tell when I play it in my car- the bass is full and thick, the keys are noticeable, and the voices clearer. The old version sounded murky. Not as good in the car. Actually, I don't think I ever listened to it there very much. <br />Now here's the thing, as you fans all point out, we're missing some tracks, this isn't &quot;Get Back&quot; proper, nor is it the Glyn Johns mix, there's no big revelations on the bonus disc, &quot;The Beatles&quot; have become a bloated corporation that wants your money and nothing more, and if you play it backwards you can hear McCartney snickering at having lowered John Lennon's voice in the mix. So avoid at all costs, it's bad for you, it will make you disrespect music history and you'll get some kinda rash if you hear it too often. <br />C'mon people. It sounds good but it's flawed- just like the original &quot;Let it Be&quot; recording. If you want rough, get &quot;Anthology 3&quot; (which I prefer) where you hear the Beatles chattering before, after and during rough cuts of many of these same songs. If you want a good-sounding alternate mix of some underrated and very fun tunes well this oughta be worth your money. I mean...ten bucks...what's the worst that can happen?
B00005JLEU|5.0|This Film is a masterpiece.  Forget that it is Japanese.  Forget that it is Animated.  Buy it now.  Because when you watch this movie you will forget all thoose things as you enter a new world that is incredible.  The only drawback is that the film is not for younger children.  But older children and Adults will be stunned at how good this film is.
B00005YXZH|5.0|I must admit it- my faith in new music had been dwindling in the last couple years. Mindless blather all over most commercial radio, and the great albums of the past seeming more and more distant in time (the Beatles finished up in 1970- that's 34 years ago now!!!). I had figured that, save for some bands here and there (Flaming Lips, U2, Phish, and Yo La Tengo to name a few), I ought to just give up on buying new releases and stick to the classics. And then I heard this. Some have branded it &quot;inaccessible,&quot; &quot;pretentious&quot; and whatnot, but it grabbed me instantly and has not let go ever since. I cannot listen to &quot;I am Trying to Break Your Heart&quot; enough. Every time I hear it, I hear and feel something new. For me this hits closer to home than &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; and &quot;Sgt Peppers&quot; (and I love both of those releases), simply because it's about something I have experienced and continue to experience on a daily basis: disconnectedness. <br />I would call this a concept work about confusion and msicommunication in modern society. The characters in these songs are all trying to get through to someone, anyone, and seem to find the wires crossed or that situations have changed. &quot;I am Trying to Break Your Heart&quot; is the clearest example of this theme, as the narrator is not even clear himself what he is trying to tell his significant other (&quot;I am trying to break your heart&quot; and &quot;I am the man who loves you&quot; are completely inconsistent statements). The sonic sculptures that surround the lyrics are amazing, a detailed electronic soundscape interesecting with a familiar country-roots feel. It's really not easy to describe and is in a category all its own.<br />Which leads me to my final point. I had believed that all the territories out there in popular music had pretty much already been charted. I was very wrong. This album opens up all kinds of possibilities for the future and keeps me scanning the web for other good new releases. Jeff Tweedy has revived my faith in new music in a typically confused manner.
0385504209|5.0|I am only 13 and over the Christmas holiday I read this amazing book as did my mother and uncle and I think that we all agreed that this book is one that we will never forget! This is honestly the best book I have ever read (and I read alot!)I recommend this to you greatly!<br />An Amazing book!
B000002J1U|5.0|This is my favorite Zep disc and therefore one of my favorite discs, period. It's amazing that it hasn't grown in stature over time, as it's been perpetually underrated by fans and critics alike. What I find most enticing here is the use of acoustic instrumentation and folkier themes without losing the edge. Tangerine is my favorite here but nothing is bad- every song holds its own. Also great is the mildly psychedelic sweep of &quot;That's the Way&quot; and the thumping &quot;Bron Y Aur Stomp&quot; that for some reason makes me picture olde England (not sure why). Another fan of this disc is David Lowery from Camper Van Beethoven and Cracker- and it shows in some of his edgier early work.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|More like 3.75 stars really ...P>Lost in Translation was an exceptional movie. The setting is cool because I am pretty sure most people haven't been to Japan, or if they have haven't probably experienced in quite the jet set way the characters experienced it in the movie. Bill Murray gives his most likeable performance since Rushmore. Scarlett Johansson was hot. The sound track was pretty good. It has that whole \\"outside of hollywood\\" appeal going on, and depending on who you are that is a big selling point (probably the biggest selling point.)    <br />I guess the big problem is that it all seemed so luke warm. Scarlett Johansson's character could have used some more development, all we know about her is that she was a philosophy major and apparently her husband thinks she is sort of snotty. Bill Murray's character was wonderful in contrast, you can see how he could enjoy<br />Also on top of all that Scarlett Johansson didn't seem to fit her role well at all. I suspect the only reason she got her part in the movie was because she co-starred in \\"Ghost World\\" and that fact adds to the \\"outside hollywood\\" (aka indie/arthouse) flavor this movie was going out of it's way to achieve. <br />Maybe that is another problem in of itself, the fact the movies seems to be patronizing the arthouse crowd with those long winded shots of Scarlett Johansson observing Japanese culture in a conundrum.   <br />Definitely an interesting film. Don't buy the hype though.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|...these are some of the words that come to mind when hearing this CD for the first time.  These words are magnified with each subsequent listening.<br />Like many of the reviewers of this CD, I am not a long-time Johnny Cash fan, but I know greatness whn I hear it.  To keep this brief, let me just say that the songs on this CD are wonderful.  \\"The Man Comes Around \\" is a great start, and it only gets better after that.  The late Mr Cash added several covers to his own songs, but added gravitas to recordings of \\"Bridge Over Troubled Waters\\", \\"The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face\\" and others, that the original artists couldn't hope to match.<br />Cash lends the authority of his long life to this collection of  songs, and I don't mind telling you that this is one of the best CD's we have ever purchased.<br />Highly recommended.
B00009V7OL|1.0|Don't waste your time with this 're-issue' unless you do not have the previous release.  It adds nothing, and what's worse is Fox Home Video failed to do an anamorphic widescreen with this release, a feature sorely lacking in the previous release.  Without any new features and no anamorphic widescreen added to the re-issue, this is just another attempt to milk money by adding nothing but pretty new packaging.  Boo, Fox Home Video.
0385504209|4.0|Zoom in, then to the outline, then back in;<br />This bood is done in code. Do you see it?
0790730960|4.0|\\"Batman Returns\\" is, in my oppinion, is the best batman movie so far.  With the directing of Tim Burton, and acting of Michael Keaton, this movie is a must see for Batman fans.  This movie delivers exactally what a comic book/super hero movie should deliver-what was in the comics.  <BR>Batman Forever was not a bad movie, in fact it was good, it was just different; but \\"Batman and Robin\\" i found to different.  They turned Gotham City into a place where the villans wore neon lights, and even the Batman costume was changed.  After first seeing \\"Batman and Robin\\", then watching \\"Batman\\", then \\"Batman Returns\\" i realized \\"Batman\\" and \\"Batman Returns\\" give a much more darker, more real, Gotham City, and even Bruce Wayne seams like a much more \\"real\\" character.  <BR>  Basically, the story is about a child that was abondoned by his parents, lived in the sewer for years, and became \\"Penguin\\",played brilliantly by Danny Devitto, or as we later learn \\"Oswald Coblepot\\".  Also its the story of a depressed secretary, Selina Kyle, working for a rich, popular and sexist buisnessman played by Christipher Walkins.  Selina Kyle is finally driven off the edge, or off a buildind (you'll understand when you see the movie) and becomes \\"Catwomen\\" as only Michelle Phipher can play her.<BR>While \\"Penguin\\" tries climbing the social, and political ladder, \\"Catwomen\\" tries to get revenge, and Batman is all in the Middle of it, just trying to save Gotam yet again.<BR>\\"Batman Returns\\" is truly the best of its kind.  The betrayal of Michelle Phipher as Catwomen, and Danny Devitto are unforgettable, and I still belive Michael Keaton is so far the Best Batman.  This movie is deffinatley great for Batman Fans
0060012358|4.0|Four stars as a kids' book, three stars as an adult's book. It's an interesting little story about what Maurice, the rats, and the dumb-looking kid will do when they arrive in Bad Blintz and discover that something very nasty indeed is going on involving a famine, ratcatchers, and dark cellars.<BR>You could take a lot away with you from this story if you liked. If you just want an interesting story, it works on that level, too. I'm a little restrained in my praise because as an adult, the story is somewhat predictable and dragging, and because there isn't the depth we've come to expect from a Pratchett novel.<BR>But like I said, this is one for the kids.
B00002SSKI|5.0|OHH NOW AND THEN IS SUCH A CLASIC MOVIE. I JUST RENTED IT 4 DAYS AGO AND IVE WATCHED OVER 8 TIMES!! THIS MOVIE MAKES YOU WANT ALL THE TECHNOLOGY TO GO AWAY AND BE IN THE COUNTRY. YOU WANT TO LIVE 30 YEARS AGO. ITS A KOOL MOVIE! THE MORE I WATCH IT THE MORE I LOVE IT. DEMI MOORE IS SO GOOD IN THIS MOVIE. ALL THE GIRLS PLAY THERE PARTS PERFECTLY! IT WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH.
B00019GHSO|4.0|i like it it is the best out of all of them
B00005JMFR|5.0|This is an excellent movie and it's one of the few movies in America that's actually better than the original. If you enjoyed the first Matrix then this one will blow you away. I admit that the second Matix (Matrix Reloaded) wasn't as great as it was hyped up to be. However they make up for that lost in Matrix Revolutions, graphics are at an all time time high in this movie. I would highly recommend.
B000002NIW|5.0|Around The Fur Is A Masterpiece. Many consider it nu-metal. But really, what in the hell is nu-metal. Still, the Deftones are continually crowned as the knigs of nu-metal alongside Korn and even Incubus. Anyway, the Deftones broke away from the music created through their debut album Adrenaline and did something brand new. The result is amazing, and is heralded as one of the best metal albums of the 90's. Radio favorites like My Own Summer (Shove It) and Be Quiet Drive (Far Away) mix with headbanging fan favorites like Lhabia, Lotion, and Headup. The first two songs are unrelenting metal in your face, and then the third song Mascara sets in. A ballad-esque tune about a chick gives the listener a chance to catch his or her breath. Then the title track somes forth. Unforgettable intro with a mysterious chorus. Rickets follows with more headbanging for sure. Then they slow it down with Be Quiet And Drive. Enter Lotion. Old School deftones right there, a great chorus. Dai The Flu succeeds it and brings a slightly slower song, and a fan favoite. Headup is right after that  and it features Max Cavalera of Sepultra (now Soulfly) and has a kick ass ending. Mx closes the album and features Annalynn Cunningham on backing vocals (that's Abe the drummer's wife). Wait until 19:32 of Mx and you can even hear Chino taking a hit from his bong
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|I have to admit this movie was pretty good, they take scary stuff and turn it into downright halarious stuff. If you ever go see this make sure you have seen scream first because it definently gives away the ending to Scream. All Scary Movies are kind of sick and they base their jokes a little too much on sex, but other then that it was good and definently worth buying/renting. Some parts were stupid and not funny and i couldnt wait till they were over but other parts i wish they lasted for ever. Definently a good movie.
0385507755|5.0|MLP is a glimpse into a person willing to walk us through a transformation in real time.  Frey opens himself to tell us that he is a jerk, that he is spoiled, that he has screwed up his life, and more importantly, that he is willing to recognize it is up to him to change.  While everyone seems to be looking for some sort of external self help, Frey shows us that ultimately, it is the individual's choice to make change happen.  A powerful lesson vividly and honestly told.
B000002UDD|5.0|One of the most underrated thrash metal albums of all time, Megadeth's third release has been criticized unfairly on the basis of its foibles, most of all its faulty production, which has left Chuck Behler's satisfactory performance on drums in the lurch.  Also, due to the departure of the skilled jazz musicians Chris Poland and Gar Samuelson, the groove that characterized the band's first two records has diminished.  Yet, So Far...So Good...So What! is saturated with raw innovation and nimble guitar virtuosismo, which make it an essential part of any thrasher's collection.  The album opens with a whirling and precipitous instrumental that educes a helpless plunge Into the Lungs of Hell, followed appropriately by the dissonant and apocalyptic riffs of Set the World Afire.  As an interlude amidst the fatalism that pervades the rest of the album, Megadeth covers Anarchy in the U.K., easily eclipsing the Sex Pistols' original.  With a haunting intro that recalls that of Heathen's Goblin's Blade, Mary Jane recounts a lugubrious and sinister tale with histrionic emotion.  The galopping riffs of 502 evoke a sense of speeding recklessly down the highway. Although the beginning of In My Darkest Hour is reminiscent of For Whom the Bell Tolls, the more dynamic and sincere Megadeth dirge improves upon the Metallica hit.  The maliciously fun Liar is segued by the catchy lyrics and spine-chilling guitar solos of Hook in Mouth, a suitable conclusion for a solid album replete with dark cynicism.
B00005JLEX|5.0|Me, my husband and my 19 year old son all watch Seinfeld every night to unwind.  I started taping episodes about 5 years before the final espisode and these tapes are getting old.  This is by far the best show ever.  Please release the DVD, I beg you???!!  We even pack a few tapes when we take trips or go on vacation.  Giddy-up!
B00005JKJA|1.0|add this movie to the long list of crap that david lynch has put out. in fact, this movie would have been better suited starting out w/ him on the toilet ~ at least that way we'd know what we were in for!
B000002VCO|4.0|I brought this album purely for &quot;Don't Answer Me&quot;, one of only two hit singles in the UK for APP. The album inspired me to dig deeper into APP's back catalogue, and they've certainly released more memorable records than this.<br />However, there is more to this album than &quot;Don't Answer Me&quot;. &quot;Prime Time&quot; could easily have been a massive hit had it not been completely ignored by the radio. &quot;Pipeline&quot; is a classic APP instrumental, cinematic in an almost technicolour way.  However, the real standout track on this album is &quot;You Don't Believe&quot;, with Lenny Zakatek's passionate vocal, and a techno-esque feel.<br />Not in the same class as &quot;I, Robot&quot;, &quot;Eye In The Sky&quot; or &quot;The Turn of a Friendly Card&quot; perhaps, but, all the same, this is still well worth a listen.
B000031WD9|5.0|I OWN ALL THREE VERSIONS OF THIS FILM AND IT IS MY THIRD BEST FILM EVER[MY FIRST BIENG AMERICAN PIE 2 AND 3]AND IT IS FANTASTIC I HATE WHEN PEOPLE TRY TO COMPARE THIS TO PORKY'S THEY ARE TOO VERY DIFFERANT MOVIES.<BR>THIS IS ABOUT FOUR BEST FRIENDS OZ JIM KEVIN FINCH <BR>THEY WANT TO GET LAID.KEVIN HAS A GIRLFRIEND BUT STILL HASENT MANAGED TO DO IT.THIS MIXES GROSS OUT COMEDY WITH MUCH LOVE FOR THE CHARACTERS THIS IS A MUST HAVE MOVIE ON A FEATURE PACKED DVD
B000002UJQ|5.0|It took me a few listens to get into this album, and in all honesty, it was a lot like listening to Marillion's 1994 album \\"Brave\\", they are very similar. I've always longed to ask Thom Yorke if he'd been scouring through \\"Brave\\" around the time that he began recording this album, although, inevitably comparisons are made with Pink Floyd's \\"The Wall\\".<br />This is an unusual album in so far as that, although there are no big let-downs, there are no real standout tracks either. If anything, the only thing wrong with this record it that it is just a little bit too perfect, that they have tried a little bit too hard.<br />\\"Karma Police\\" sees Thom Yorke mumbling in his best little-kid's voice in a way that only he can.  The scratchy sirens at the end make this one an absolutely terrifying track to listen to after dark!  \\"Paranoid Android\\" contains more of the high octane guitar that Radiohead crafted to perfection on \\"The Bends\\", while \\"No Surprises\\" is an Eels-esque cut that, with it's glock-and-xylophone-dominated sound, became one the band's most unlikely but biggest hits, as it sounds more like a lullaby than a prog-rock release!<br />Elsewhere, \\"Airbag\\" and \\"Subterrainean Homesick Alien\\" sound like a cross between '80s indie band The The and late '70s era King Crimson. \\"Fitter, Happier\\" is a memorable, spoken-word track about the quiet pleasures (?) and pains of being stuck in a dead-end job. <br />Perhaps being a lifelong fan of both Pink Floyd and Marillion makes me biased, but I feel that previous claims that this album is original, groundbreaking and ahead of its time are groundless and incorrect. Floyd's \\"The Wall\\" (released 18 years earlier) and Marillion's \\"Brave\\" (released 3 years earlier) are similar records which both make this release sound like an overly tried and tested formula (and a slightly tired one at that).  <br />That said, this is still a very good album, and my advice to those who knock it is give it a chance - listen to it a few times and itwill grow on you. It's difficult to imagine any of today's reality TV popstars coming up with a record of this calibre, after all.
B000001FHV|3.0|While i enjoy the 90's alternative/rock music scene and bands like the Meat Puppets, this album left me somewhat empty after hearing it (and not just once too). The Meat Puppets have a tremendous amount of talent but just wasn't able to showcase it on Too High to Die. The album is probably good enough from the aspect of worth buying for a few songs, especially of course &quot;Backwater&quot; which is their best song and their hit from 1994, and a song that i believe is one of the most significant songs from the 90's rock genre. The other songs on this album were too rough and very much predictable throughout. It just didn't keep me interested enough to keep it in my cd changer. With the exception of &quot;Backwater&quot;, perhaps Too High to Die is an acquired sound.
B00005Y1MT|5.0|In 1994, rock music had seemingly come to a bit of a standstill.  Although Blur and Oasis continued to keep the flag for indie-rock flying, the new generation of rock acts which lay just over the horizon, such as Kula Shaker, The Verve, Ben Folds Five, Eels and Ocean Colour Scene, (remember the short-lived rock revival of 1996/1997?), had yet to emerge, and other future household names for the new century, such as Travis, Muse and Coldplay, were still in their infancy, if together at all.<br />Simply put, the 1990s had sparked a new obsession for dance music, and the people who controlled the radio waves were just no longer interested in promoting rock. It was a situation that could have been changed had they not turned a blind eye to one particular rock album that year. <br />Prog-rock reviewers regularly hail Radiohead as being the new Pink Floyd by virtue of the vague similarities between &quot;The Wall&quot; and &quot;OK Computer&quot;. Comparisons are inevitably made between Floyd and the 'Head, but the widespread view that no band ever managed to fill the vacuum between the two bands is totally incorrect - as proved by Marillion's tour-de-force from 1994.<br />&quot;Brave&quot; is so uncannily similar to &quot;OK Computer&quot; that, when you consider that it was released three years before (ironically at the same time that Radiohead had just released their forerunner, &quot;The Bends&quot;), you start to wonder how on earth the world failed to notice it. Although critically acclaimed, &quot;Brave&quot; proved a commercial disappointment worldwide.<br />But the music media were so obsessed with the dance frenzy of the first half of the 1990s that they simply failed to notice this modern masterpiece.  With the emotional title track, the harrowing &quot;Runaway&quot;, the bleak &quot;Hollow Man&quot;, the failed single &quot;(Alone Again In) The Lap of Luxury&quot; and the soaring opus &quot;The Great Escape&quot;, the album made for a stark, rather downcast atmosphere, broken by the up-tempo closer &quot;Made Again&quot;, an acoustic track which saw the album finish on a positve, upbeat note.<br />If only the media had taken it seriously. If only the record company had pushed harder to promote it. If only the world had noticed...<br />This album must surely rank Marillion as one of the greatest 'What If's&quot; in the history of music.
0792153189|4.0|The film opens with an astronomer receiving a message about a new star. The astronomer discovers this is a comet heading for earth! A reporter picks up a rumor about a Cabinet Official has resigned because of his involvement with &quot;Ellie&quot;. She interviews this official, who is getting ready to depart on a long journey with his family. On her way back she is arrested by the black-suited Secret Police. The President asks he to hold off on her news. After this she discovers that E.L.E. stands for Extinction Level Event. Later the President holds a news conference to announce this threat, and the building of the &quot;Messiah&quot; that will save earth from this oncoming menace.<br />When the comet hits the water, it will create a tidal wave over one thousand feet high moving faster than the speed of sound. The special effects shows this hitting Manhattan, and elsewhere. The heroic crew of the Messiah survived to make a final attack on the comet. Was their sacrifice altruistic? If they didn't do it, there would be no home to return to. If they did it, they would not return home. Their sacrifice was the lesser evil. The film asks the lifeboat question: who will be saved, and how to decide? The clogged roads suggest the futility of Civil Defense evacuations. Can this be practical in today's world? At least they didn't suggest digging back yard graves as &quot;fallout shelters&quot;.<br />The 1883 book &quot;Ragnarok&quot; by Ignatius Donnelly first suggested that a cataclysm from a passing comet was the source of the common legends of mankind. He explained the meanings behind the words. The heat from a comet vaporized the oceans, the clouds hid the sun, the coldness created glaciers from the condensing vapors. Fallout created The Drift of sand, clay, and gravel. This book will provide a new viewpoint to the old legends. Could a near miss have also affected the orbit of the earth, and caused the end of the Eocene era?<br />Any comet hitting the world would spread alayer of debris into the air (Krakatoa, &quot;nuclear winter&quot;) that would exterminate most of the world's population. Mankind lived hand-to-mouth just until the 19th century; most food had to be grown and consumed locally. Will we ever see such a time again?
B00004XONN|3.0|Rush were releasing similar albums to \\"Kid A\\" in the 1980s, all of which went totally unnoticed.  Similarly, Boards of Canada also released records not unlike this in the 1990s.<br />I've increased my original rating from two stars to three as I feel that my original review was rather harsh. Radiohead deserve credit for trying to be different and taking a gamble by attempting to redefine themselves instead of recording the same album over and over again (like their old rivals Oasis), but the fact of the matter is that Radiohead releases will never be groundbreaking for one simple reason - there just isn't any new ground left to break.<br />I would recommend any of Rush's five studio albums dating from between 1981 and 1987 (\\"Moving Pictures, \\"Signals\\", \\"Grace Under Pressure\\", \\"Power Windows\\" and \\"Hold Your Fire\\") ahead of \\"Kid A\\" - they offer music in the same vein as this, but they are all better produced, and far less messy than this effort, and sound all the more innovative and original for having come out some 20 years before \\"Kid A\\".<br />I only hope that people will check out Rush and Boards of Canada's works before giving this review the unhelpful vote.
B00000G3PA|3.0|This 1998 film shows the threat to the earth from an asteroid. It opens with small meteors hitting Manhattan and causing damage. (Who can watch this after 9/11 without shuddering?) NASA tracks this back to a Texas-sized asteroid that will hit Earth in 18 days, and Extinction Level Event. A side plot introduces us to an oil-drilling platform in South Asia, with their personality conflicts. The owner is the most experienced oil driller; he is summoned to solve the problem: drill a hole in the asteroid to blast it into relatively harmless pieces. There is no excuse for failure.<br />The middle part is padded with the training for these volunteers. This explains the plans to the viewer. There is one interpersonal relationship problem. The crew is given time off to visit their kin, and develop their characters. Another asteroid hits Shanghai; now (?) the world knows of the peril. The special NASA crew leaves on their mission. They dock at the Russian space station to fuel up (unleaded?). A fuel leak causes a fire; they escape just in time. One spaceship runs into an asteroid and goes off the grid. The other overshoots the landing spot, and lands where it is hard to drill. They fall behind schedule. NASA now considers whether to remotely detonate the bomb. The film questions the judgment of Official Authority. The special effects of this film is better than 'Star Wars'. There is a blow-out on the drill; the attempt has failed! But the other drilling rig shows up just in time, and completes the job. The remote detonator has a problem; someone must stay and set it off. Harry Stamper volunteers to save the world. The space ship takes off, the bomb explodes the asteroid. This is an entertaining film in spite of the many, many cliches.<br />This story recalls &quot;Ragnarok&quot; by Ignatius Donnelly, which analyzed the common legends of mankind and explained them as the remembrance of a comet hitting the earth and causing great climatic changes.
B000002UHG|4.0|I've always thinked Richard Wright was the dark side of Pink Floyd. Here is the proof. Through this album you can feel the scence of the early 70's Pink Floyd underground music, as in Division Bell. The music is better than recent works from floyds members (Waters and Gilmour), except by Amused To Death, a really extraordinary Waters work.
0553213105|5.0|this is definitely an amazing piece of literature.  i love it now, and will with no doubt still love it in the years to come.  i believe it to be flawless, and Jane Austen deserves all the credit in the world for this book. the fact that it has endured the test of time, and has been enjoyed by generation after generation speaks volumes. i believe that the subtleties and simplicity of the story is what makes it the masterpiece it is.  Jane Austen's ability to turn a simple love story, into something greater, while completely engrossing us without the fluff of a typical romance are what make her a literary genuis in her own right. her novels are literary dessert.  they aren't filled with the complexities and deep themes of dickens', hardy's, or eliot's works, they are light-hearted and this very fact is what makes pride and prejudice an amazng piece of art. Elizabeth and Darcy come to life, and simply jump out of the text.  The characters, their lives, the struggles they face, the decisions (and indecisions), and most importanty their eventual happiness are what make the book.  no praise i can offer will completely do this masterpiece justice, so i urge you to read it for yourself.
B0000019PA|5.0|Is that what it takes to know good music?  This is all about emotion and gut instinct, particularly with this album (which I think is very well produced, just not produced=slick and glossy). That is like saying you're an expert on Hindu mysticism because you have a black belt in judo.<br />{{but what do I know? I only have a Masters.}}
1884822312|5.0|If you want a wide range of challenging chess problems to match your level of skill in one place this is the book. And what a book it is! This is one of those works like OED and Encyclopedia Britanica that just stands out by it's size. I lug mine around to work, have the biceps to show it. The diagrams are large easy to read and very instructive. If you need lots of words this is not for you. If you want tons of practice solving problems improving your chess thinking run and buy this book. It's making a big difference in my game. Tactical ideas now pop into my head where only blunders existed.. I've worked through the first five hundred problems and didn't come up against one queen sacrifice.
B00005RFVL|5.0|This is the greatest entertainer of all time and his &quot;I Will Talk and Hollywood Will Listen&quot; is one of the best pop songs ever written. The lush strings in the arrangement evoke memories of Saturday afternoon double features at the local movie palace...perfectly wonderful. As for the rest, somewhere the ghosts of Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis, Jr., Dean Martin and Bobby Darin are smiling at this loving homage. I love Robbie Williams to death; I own most of his CDs, every one of his DVDs (American and UK versions both,) a couple of videos and one or two singles. Glad to see so many of my fellow countrymen and women have finally discovered this huge talent. That gives me hope that Williams who lives in America, will someday tour this country so we can see him live. Though recently parted from his long-time writing partner and producer Guy Chambers who co-wrote &quot;Hollywood,&quot; Williams seems to have landed on his feet as evidenced by the recent Knebworth concerts where he played to more than one million people over three days.
B0000DZEE3|5.0|This DVD has set a standard for music concerts that will be difficult to match...crystal clear sound and picture quality, great camerawork, a great setting, a band clearly enjoying themselves and a huge crowd. Didn't realise the lead singer was so good live...sounds like he's in a studio. <BR>The whole production is just ultra-professional. If I was a regular DVD maybe you could fault it for weak extra features but music DVD's are all about proper recording of the performance and this does exactly that.
B00006L3S3|4.0|That's right--although dismissed by some at the time as &quot;Lennon with some of the fizz gone out of the pop&quot; (a reference to the mellow tone of much of the material), this album has stood the test of time to become his finest post-Beatle statement.  At the time he said he considered it better than &quot;Imagine&quot;, and I agree: whereas the latter was bogged down by tedious cuts like &quot;I Don't Want To Be A Soldier&quot; (and the earlier, acclaimed &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; a bit too bitterly one-sided) , &quot;Mind Games&quot; is solid from start to finish, even if much of the abrasiveness Lennon is famous for in critical circles is largely missing.  <br />Instead, on this effort he sounds content, happy and relaxed, and it's precisely these qualities which make it my favorite.  Even the politically-oriented material, like &quot;Bring On The Lucie&quot;, bounces joyfully.  And then there are the ballads--great, lush, sweeping epics like &quot;Aisumasen&quot;, &quot;Out Of The Blue&quot; and the particularly strong &quot;You Are Here&quot;, with some of the finest vocals in his career, 60s included.  &quot;Intuition&quot; is a fantastic overlooked track with great lyrics. Not to mention the title track, an anthem every bit as strong as &quot;Imagine&quot;.  Had &quot;Mind Games&quot; been released in 1965, it would have been hailed as a masterpiece; any singer-songwriter in any decade would have been proud of such an effort.  It was only the tough context of Lennon's solo career--with everyone constantly expecting another &quot;Revolver&quot;, &quot;Pepper&quot; or White Album to issue forth from pop's greatest visionary--which kept the public and critics slightly at bay, although they did welcome it as a partial return to form after the relatively lame &quot;Sometime In New York City&quot;.  Whatever the case, the remastered version is much clearer and brighter than the original CD, although I agree that the bonus cuts could have been chosen a little more thoughtfully (some good outtakes do exist on the box set).  This is a must-purchase and although atypical of Lennon's solo career and (because of its ceaselessly optimistic outlook) not the best representation of his soul-searching personality either, it actually draws strengths from these qualities.
079073804X|5.0|OK, YOU THINK THAT YOU'VE SEEN JUST ABOUT EVERY SCARY MOVIE THERE IS?  HA, HA!  THINK AGAIN!  THE EXOCIST IS THE SCARIEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME.  THE NEW DVD VERSION WITH UN-CUT SCENES ADDED WILL BLOW YOU OUT OF YOUR SEAT.  IT WILL MAKE YOU THINK TWICE BEFORE TOUCHING A OUJI BOARD.  (THAT'S WEE-GEE BOARD FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO DON'T KNOW).  SATAN IS REAL!  IF YOU DON'T THINK SO, WATCH THIS DVD WITH YOUR EYES OPEN AND WITH NO INTENT ON GOING TO THE BATHROOM BETWEEN SCENES, BECAUSE YOU WON'T GET THE FULL EFFECT OF THE HORROR AND DEGRADATION THIS MOVIE PUTS OUT!  AS CYNICAL AND NAIVE AS I WAS WHEN I WAS YOUNG, MY BROTHER LET ME WATCH THIS MOVIE WITH HIM.  WARNING ME THAT IT SCARED EVEN HIM, AND HE HARDLY GETS SCARED OF ANYTHING.  THAT SHOULD HAVE GIVEN ME A HINT ON HOW SCARY THIS MOVIE REALLY WAS.  SO I WATCHED IT, CRIED THE WHOLE WAY THROUGH IT, BECAUSE I WAS YOUNG, DUH!  WHAT YOUNG PERSON WATCHING THIS IS NOT GOING TO HAVE NIGHTMARES!?  THAT'S LIKE SAYING,  \\"IT'S ONLY A MOVIE!\\"  BULL CRAP!  YOU WANT HORROR, SUSPENSE, BLOOD, GORE, FOUL LANGUAGE, DISTURBING BEHAVIOR, INDIGNITY, SATANIC METAMORPHOSIS?  THEN WATCH THIS DVD.  WATCH THE CUT SCENE.  WATCH EVERYTHING ON THIS DVD, AND TRY TO SLEEP AT NIGHT!
6305508550|3.0|So I pretty much can't use it on my widescreen TV.  No point in buying it.
B000089RVX|5.0|I wasn't a big rock or metal fan until I heard &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; And decided to buy this cd...and I got my money's worth.<BR>&quot;Going Under&quot; Is a great song. You can feel Amy Lee's pain at the very beginning when she says &quot;Now I will tell you what I've done for you, fifty thousand tears I've cried...&quot; and throughout the whole song. I feel you, girl!<BR>&quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; Is catchy but not like pop or R&amp;B kind of catchy. It sounds perfect with Paul McCoy. It was overplayed and deserved to be. I don't like the remix as much, though.<BR>&quot;Everyone's Fool&quot; A great song. Not only because of the tune, but because of the lyrics. Listening to the words puts someone like Jennifer Lopez into my mind...<BR>&quot;My Immortal&quot; What is there to say about this song. It's beautifully haunting and easy to sing. I'm glad it's their third single and I personally like the radio version better then the one on the cd.<BR>&quot;Haunted&quot;. This song is minor and creeps me out but I like it anyway.<br />&quot;Tourniquet&quot; is a great song--I am a Christian and I think it's smart to put your trust in God when you have no where to go.<BR>&quot;Imaginary&quot; Is one of my favorite songs just because when Amy Lee writes it (though this is the same with all the songs) I can picture it in my mind. Great tune.<BR>I like &quot;Taking Over Me&quot; because it's not one of those pop songs about liking someone or having a crush on them--it's about loving someone and the pain you feel. Very deep.<BR>&quot;Hello&quot; is a strange song. I don't really understand the words but that's what makes it interesting. It's a lovely song, and even the fact that it's really slow doesn't bother me.<BR>&quot;My Last Breath&quot; has interesting lyrics but I love the tune.<BR>&quot;Whisper&quot; Is my favorite song, even though it reminds me of a nightmare or a scary movie. Catchy tune. I can't wait for their second cd to come out--I hope they release it this year.
B00005NTN5|3.0|So again, there's no point in me buying this DVD since it won't work on my widescreen TV.
B000005JA8|5.0|I first heard this in the fall of 1969, at the start of my senior year in high school.  A friend from a band with which I had played called me and said, &quot;Listen to this.!&quot;  He played  &quot;Orange Claw Hammer&quot;  to me over the phone, and from that moment I was a fan.  I was delighted when I was able to get this music on CD.  Since first hearing it, I have gone on to do graduate work in classical music, and am quite active as a composer and performer.  But, even after all these years, this is one of my favourites.  I have deep sentimental attachments to this music, largely due to memories of my last year of high school and my first year of university, which were times when I listened to this stuff the most.  One word of caution, this is VERY unusual music.  (When I played it for my grandmother her reply was, &quot;Why would they let a guy like that make a record?&quot;)  You will no doubt either love it or hate it.  Another reviewer, Johnny T, I believe it was, said this CD was hard to listen to in one sitting.  I gave myself that very challenge.  Once, on a very long road trip, (when I was by myself, I should add), I listened to this all the way through, at one sitting, with no stops.  It was exhausting.  I felt totally fried!  After I did this, I put on Carl Nielsen's 2nd Symphony, which I consider a thoroughly beautiful post-Romantic work, just to clear out my head.  &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot; is Captain Beefheart's supreme masterpiece.  Whether or not it's for you is yours and yours alone to determine.  Proceed at your own risk!
B000002UDB|4.0|This is the soundtrack to the Beatles much reviled [[ASIN:B00005AG7K television movie]].  Actually, the first side of the album featured all the songs from the film.  The second side contained the a and b sides of all the singles the Beatles released in 1967 (other than \\"I am the Walrus\\", which was on the first side of the album).  There are a lot of great songs here, of course, but the album doesn't hold up that well as a cohesive unit.  It feels more like a collection of songs than an actual album.  Of course, you can't complain too much when you get great songs like \\"I am the Walrus\\", \\"Strawberry Fields Forever\\", \\"Penny Lane\\" and \\"All You Need is Love\\".  The one track I will criticize is \\"Flying\\".  I hope my fellow Beatlemaniacs will forgive me, but I have to say that this is one of the boringest instrumentals ever recorded.  Regardless of that, this album is still well worth purchasing.
B000002MIB|3.0|This is a very decent VH album. I like the fact that you can hear Eddie's fills in his songs better than you can in studio versions. What I don't like is that they used all Sammy Hagar songs and not  DLR. They could've taken some poorer quality DLR songs and put him on there instead of having Sammy sing his songs. Overall, a good album to have if you're a VH fan.
B00008NRI8|4.0|I was home on Christmas Break, and my mom had recently added On Demand to our cable system.  I was up late one night and I saw TWN listed as one of the movies I could watch.  So I clicked on it.  I started watching and I laughed for the first ten minutes!!<br />I decided that I wanted my roommate at school to watch with me so I started the movie over and watched again from the beginning taping it this time. This movie was quite hilarious!  Hugh Grant and Sandy Bullock had great onscreen chemistry.  Hugh's accent is to die for!!!!!<br />Of course this is a typical type of story, but it was a pleasant rehash to view.  I am not the type who likes ultra-predictable romances (which most are), but this one is great!<br />Rent it today!
B00005Y7KX|5.0|I have yet to see this movie, but if it's anything like the performance I saw at the Paris hotel in Las Vegas, then it's totally amazing! I loved seeing the play in the theatre because the music is incredibly powerful, especially the opening song &quot;age of the cathedrals.&quot; Being in that large room with total surround sound will give you goosebumps beyond reason! The characters give outstanding performances and you'll leave feeling totally inspired. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves musicals and broadway.
B000088E6D|5.0|I first heard Michael when I went into a music store.  This CD was playing and I said to the clerk..&quot;wow, who is that&quot;? The song &quot;sway&quot;  was playing, and the woman who was behind me in line, was wondering who's fabulous voice that was, also.  The clerk took us out of line and showed us the CD.  Needless to say, we each bought one.  After getting home, I put it in my BOSE and I played it, no LESS, than 6 times.  I kept hitting the repeat button. I played it all day until my husband came home and proudly played it, yet again, for the 7th time.  I now own 3 of these cd's....one for my car, one for my office and one for my husband's BOSE........I am a very  happy listener.
B000000WJZ|5.0|The Smashing Pumpkins' 1993 tour de force &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; is excellent in many, many ways--the thick, warm slabs of guitar, Corgan's silky voice that wavers between a whisper and an angsty wail.  But its crowning achievement is track 9, the unbelievably good &quot;Mayonaise&quot;--there are not 10 songs written in the last 30 years that are better than this tune.  Its nostalgic melody and epic shifts makes it hands-down the greatest Pumpkins track ever.  Get &quot;Siamese Dream,&quot; if only for this particularly stellar tower of a song.
B00005JM0B|2.0|Whoever rated this more than 3 stars should really take some movie/art appreciation classes or at least watch the first two.  For anyone who watched the first two you know that they were just trying to make a fast buck here.  With the wildly successful Matix/Lord francises, the Terminator guys tried to slide this one in and it flopped.  Production was alright, but the story was just .... .... sorry I fell asleep trying to remember it.  Anyway I have to admit I did enjoy it when watched it....that's because I was on a 15 hour flight and watched it for free on a 4 inch tv.  I recommend that scenario to anyone who wants to enjoy this movie.
B00004T9UF|5.0|i think this has to be the best cd he has ever done i love this cd its more raw and intense than the first one but still has comdeical tracks on it such as without me,the real slim shady,and so on but this cd also has the more serious tracks such as stan,the way i am overall this cd has to be the best white rapper cd ever.<br />top songs<BR>1.the way i am<BR>2.stan<BR>3.without me<BR>4.the real slim shady<BR>5.marshall mathers<br />my favorite songs on this cd is marshall mathers and the way i am is my fav song of his all time bc this song got mad bass and awesome flow of music this cd is a must own even if u only like rap a little bit.
B0000VAFO0|3.0|Well, the story was sad.  I like vampire and werewolf stories but this one really sucked.  What really bugged me was the fact that the vampires looked really pathetic compared to the werewolves.  Werewolves made huge physical transformations and the vamps just hissed.  ...  But that aside, I did enjoy Kate, Scott Speedman irks me a little (can't get over his Felicity role), and the romeo juliet this just bit.  It was well produced (visually nice) and for that, Kate, and the guy who played Lucien, I give it 3 stars.
B00006690G|4.0|i think this cd is also good along with all his other cds but i dont care what nebody thinks this is not his best cd.but its still pretty good.i mean he got a little too serious for me what happen to all the comecial tracks that is suppose to be on it? i mean theres like one or two but this cd is just to whiney for me but i still love it though.<br />top songs<BR>1.cleaning out my closet<BR>2.sing for the moment<BR>3.Superman <BR>4.Without Me <BR>5.White America
B00007G1ZM|5.0|I've seen many movies of Joan Crawford, but I think that this movie gives a true glimpse of her character (not at all portrayed in &quot;Mommie Dearest&quot;). This movie shows Joan as a caring loving woman to her husband and children, a mother who will go to any length to have a better life for her and her family, who seems to show true emotion and tears when her little daughter dies, to win her daughter Veda's love -- even to go as far enough to protect her when Veda does murder!  Realistically, if I acted that way, my mother would have made true those words, &quot;Get out before I kill you.&quot;  LOL  It's a classic that's not to be missed.  Strike up the fireplace, put your feet up on the couch, get your hanky ready and enjoy this classic.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I'm going to find the novel and read it again.  I found the music lively and engrossing.  I hope this tours sometime in the future, I can't afford New York.
B00008PW2D|3.0|This set offers the best transfers so far with crystal clear resolution and strikingly vibrant colours. For the first time 5.1 surround sound has been applied to each episode. In fact, the show looks and sounds better then when it originally aired on HBO. Unfortunately, the amount of supplemental material is still on the skimpy side but the quality of the show is what counts.<br />\\"When you are single and live in New York, there is no end to the ways to fill your day. Museums, parks, theaters, concert halls, night clubs and countless restaurants.\\" This quote, spoken by Carrie at the beginning of the first episode perfectly encapsulates the central theme of the season: being single in the city. As the season begins Carrie, Miranda, Charlotte and Samantha are all getting over men in their lives.<br />The best episodes of this season are the ones where our four leading ladies celebrate their individuality. From their trip to Atlantic City to celebrate Charlotte's birthday to Carrie and Samantha's cross-country train ride for Carrie's book reading and signing gig in San Francisco (with a classic appearance by Mr. Big), these characters revel in the bachelorettehood. They prove that older women do not have to conform to the traditional belief that by a certain age you must be married and have children.<br />Sex and the City's strengths are many, most notably its great writing, fantastic cast and the locations. The show is actually shot in New York City and this gives it a real sense of place, unlike Friends (also set in the Big Apple) which only offers a simulacrum of the city. Sex and the City really captures the high level of energy inherent with living in Manhattan. People are more aggressive, they don't hold back anything and aren't afraid to tell it like it is. For anyone who lives or has lived in the city, there are not only many landmarks on display that only they will recognize but also a few obvious ones that anyone who has a passing familiarity with the city will know.<br />As for the extras -- one of the show's producers and writers, Michael Patrick King contributes three audio commentaries for three of the episodes. On the season opener, \\"Anchors Away,\\" he talks about how they set the tone of that particular season and how the events of 9/11 affected how they depicted life in New York City. He has a very engaging voice and conveys a lot of good information and observations on this track. Fans of the show will definitely want to check out his commentaries.<br />\\"Interactive Trivia Game\\" is a bland game where one has to answer questions that pertain to the fifth season. It's a shame the DVD producers didn't take pointers from the Legally Blonde 2 DVD which had the cast and crew actually ask the questions and offer funny answers to right and wrong answers specifically done for the disc. A missed opportunity to be sure.<br />\\"Behind the Scenes with Costume Designer Patricia Field\\" is an interesting look at one of the most important aspects of the show: what the characters wear.<br />Comparing this set to the first season box set only reinforces the great leaps of quality and quantity that has gone into these DVDs.ill know.<br />As for the extras -- one of the show's producers and writers, Michael Patrick King contributes three audio commentaries for three of the episodes. On the season opener, \\"Anchors Away,\\" he talks about how they set the tone of that particular season and how the events of 9/11 affected how they depicted life in New York City. He has a very engaging voice and conveys a lot of good information and observations on this track. Fans of the show will definitely want to check out his commentaries.<br />\\"Interactive Trivia Game\\" is a bland game where one has to answer questions that pertain to the fifth season. It's a shame the DVD producers didn't take pointers from the Legally Blonde 2 DVD which had the cast and crew actually ask the questions and offer funny answers to right and wrong answers specifically done for the disc. A missed opportunity to be sure.<br />\\"Behind the Scenes with Costume Designer Patricia Field\\" is an interesting look at one of the most important aspects of the show: what the characters wear. <br />Comparing this set to the first season box set only reinforces the great leaps of quality and quantity that has gone into these DVDs.
B00008J2DQ|1.0|Gawd, Godsmack are just the worst.  I truly don't think there is a more inept band out there today.  I listened to this album at a local pawn shop for kicks to shoot some time, and EVERY single &quot;hook&quot; is boring; the musicians that created this music are obviously not very talented.  Fortunately for the band, some dumb frat boy with a Winger t-shirt will surely come along to snap this bargain up!<br />Certainly, the objective of Sully Erna's hilarious &quot;howls&quot; throughout seems to be to intentionally provoke his audience. Perhaps we should act as we would with a three-year-old spoiled toddler and simply ignore him.<br />For my part, I'm a bit relieved not to have to worry about being devoured by the Tyrannosaurus that is this listening experience. Unfortunately, upon listening to this recording, I find myself being devoured instead on a much subtler plane, by a host of parasitical beings collectively known as &quot;Sully Erna&quot;. Sometimes I think I would have preferred the Rex...
B00003CY5J|2.0|You have to wonder how Hollywood is greenlighting screenplays  these days.  This formulaic, predictable and utterly unimaginative heist-flick has only one redeeming quality - its cast.  But sadly, the absence of a quality script is highlighted by the fact that the cast is so good, since you can't help but notice that they have absolutely nothing to work with.  The twist at the end is such a lame payoff that a high schooler could have thought of it, and the audience is left thinking...that's it?  Is that what I waited 2 hours for?  All in all, if it's on TV it's ok as background noise, other than that, don't waste your time.
B000068GA4|4.0|If Jim Morrison and the devil collaborated in the studio this would be the result...and it's not bad.  Some of the tracks here are straight up metal-but not too heavy-and others have a more classic rock sound; all of which feature Glenn Danzig's seductive vocals.  The most classic rock 'n roll sounding tracks are &quot;I'm the One&quot; and the slow &quot;Blood and Tears.&quot;  The latter would've even been appropriate for an Elvis album.  My favorite track is &quot;Tired of Being Alive&quot; which you can hear a clip of from the above link.  It has an addictive rhythm you can't help but move your feet too, plus it has excellent backing vocals.  &quot;Girl&quot; (my second favorite) also has an amazing beat with incredible guitar and &quot;Morrisonian&quot; lyrics like &quot;Girl let's climb too high for the stars to reach us girl.&quot; Then there are songs to turn the lights out to like &quot;Killer Wolf&quot; and &quot;Pain in the World.&quot;  And then there is the beauty of metal in &quot;Devil's Plaything.&quot;  A mixed yet solid package that fans of the darker side of rock 'n roll will enjoy.
B00004R99J|4.0|I think I'm one of the few people who would rank \\"Pocahontas\\" in their top 10 lists of Disney films. For me, it's right up there with \\"The Little Mermaid\\", \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" and \\"The Lion King\\". As usual with Disney, the film boasts spectacular animation and score. The theme song, performed by the talented Vanessa Williams in its pop version, catapulted the soundtrack to #1. The film is perceived as a failure, both critically and commercially. But I beg to differ. The film's impressive box-office take (which ultimately amounted to $141 million) was overshadowed by the huge, phenomenon and incomparable standards \\"The Lion King\\" had set a year prior. Thus if I told you \\"Pocahontas\\" made as much as money as \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" did just back in 1991, you'd be surprised, wouldn't you? Pocahontas was the inevitable 'disappointment' that had to happen sooner or later. I'm glad to see that there are still people who appreciate this terrific film. I think everyone should give this film a chance and watch it without bias. Just don't expect to find any historical accuracy here.
0385504209|4.0|The book was a fun roller coaster ride with a somewhat insipid ending. What I enjoyed most were the references to differing opinions on how the Bible, particulary the New Testament, was put together. Take the apple in Eden. It is not even mentioned as the forbidden fruit in Genesis. It was Catholic priests, who wanted people to stop believing in religions that saw the apple as a holy fruit (mostly Gnostic), who said it was the apple specifically. Politics and practicality ruled the selection of gospels for the New Testament. I do not suggest any malice in this, not even Emporer Constantine's hand in the building of Christianity (even though his involvement evenutally led to the persecution on another group of people).Learning more just helps me to better decide how I wish to embrace religious faith. I thank Dan Brown for helping me look into all this further for my own understanding.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|In 1991, Disney was riding high on the huge success of &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot;. That film, released two years prior, took in a mammoth $200 at the box-office, sold millions of copies on video and saw its accompanying soundtrack go multi-platinum. An unprecedented success for an animated movie, and a rare one for any movie. <BR>&quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; was the official follow-up to that film (the unofficial one is &quot;The Rescuers Down-Under&quot;, a sequel to the 1977 feature, &quot;The Rescuers&quot;). The film, stylized as a Broadway musical, quickly became a favorite among critics and viewers alike. It became the first animated movie to hit the $100 million mark at the domestic box-office (&quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; came close, with almost $90 million). It immediately matched &quot;Mermaid&quot;'s success by selling 22 million copies of the home-video in 1992  and the soundtrack, featuring the title hit song by Celine Dion, sold 3 million copies. It also became the only animated film in history to receive an Oscar nomination for 'Best Picture'; It eventually lost to &quot;The Silence Of The Lambs&quot; but nonetheless took the Oscars for 'Best Song' (&quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;) and 'Best Score'.<BR>The film features some of the best visuals ever seen in a Disney film; the highlight, easily being the famous ballroom scene. The animators did a tremendous job in giving the film its unique look. From the beast's enchanted, gothic castle to the quiet, provincial village where Belle lives.<BR>The 'special edition' version looks fabulous and the colors are bold and vibrant. The new sequence added, &quot;Human Again&quot;, fits perfectly into the film and the animation is definitely on par.<BR>The music in &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; is top class. Composer Alan Menken and lyricist Howard Ashman teamed up for a spectacular score and songs. Ashamn's lyrics are wit and charming and Menken's music is pleasantly catchy. The music in &quot;Beauty&quot; gives the film its bold characterization of a Broadway-like musical. The film has never sounded better. <BR>&quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; is one of the finest Disney films ever. We're only left to hope that Disney can, sometime in the future, deliver us a classic like the ones they provided us from 1989's &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; to 1994's &quot;The Lion King&quot;.
006054094X|2.0|High on speculation, medium on facts, this book should interest you if you like the era and topic. However, it is FAR from scientific and the author seems to attribute every anamolie ever found to the chinese: The vinlad map, the Bimini stones..list goes on and on. While I do not doubt the Chinese, Africans, Polynesians and arabs visited and traded with the America's for hundreds of years (thousands?), I do doubt some of the authors dubious claims.
B00008LDPU|4.0|THE ANIMATRIX is a set of nine anime all having to deal with the world of The Matrix.  The nine shorts are:<br />&quot;Final Flight of the Osiris&quot;--this feature first was seen before the movie DREAMCATCHER.  It shows the journey of the ship Osiris as the crew tries to plant a message in the Matrix that is crucial to the rebellion and the people of Zion.<br />&quot;The 2nd Renaissance Part I &amp; Part II&quot;--these two shorts explain how the Matrix came to be. The story sounds a lot like THE PLANET OF THE APES.  First man creates machine to make life easier for him. Then machine revolts and man tries to destroy machine, but ends up losing.<br />&quot;Kid's Story&quot;--a story that tells about how a teenage boy escaped the Matrix. The boy later plays a crucial part in the Matrix movies.<br />&quot;Program&quot;--a story involving a very lifelike simulation in the Matrix that might be more real than it's supposed to be.<br />&quot;World Record&quot;--the world's fastest man briefly escapes the Matrix and experiences moments of true freedom as he attempts to break the world's short distance speed record.<br />&quot;Beyond&quot;--a group of children discover a neighborhood where things that aren't supposed to happen do.<br />&quot;A Detective Story&quot;--a crime noir.  A detective gets caught up with Trinity and is chased on a train by agents.<br />&quot;Marticulated&quot;--in the world outside the Matrix and group of rebels capture machines and jack them into a machine matrix causing them to &quot;turn&quot; human and fight against the machines.<br />The DVD includes making of documentaries on each film as well as a short documentary about the history of anime.  There are also director commentaries for both episodes of &quot;2nd Renaissance&quot;, &quot;Program&quot;, and &quot;World Record&quot;.<br />The animation in some of the shorts isn't very good, while in others it is extraordinary (e.g. &quot;The Final Flight of the Osiris&quot;).  Some of the stories are rather lame and don't add much to the Matrix universe while others fill in the gaps in the Matrix chronology. This is a DVD that many people probably won't enjoy watching. It's more for fans of the Matrix movies of fans of anime.  Still, if you're an action/sci fi fan and are looking for something a little different and don't mind Japanese anime, then it might be for you.are rather lame and don't add much to the Matrix universe while others fill in the gaps in the Matrix chronology. This is a DVD that many people probably won't enjoy watching. It's more for fans of the Matrix movies of fans of anime.  Still, if you're an action/sci fi fan and are looking for something a little different and don't mind Japanese anime, then it might be for you.
B0000A98ZP|3.0|I love this movie but the DVD is kind of dissapointing. This is looked today as a pretty well known movie it really should have more than what is on here. Somewhere in a vault The Featurette is sitting around somewhere it really should be seen or how about at least a theatrical trailer or how about some commentary by John Hughes he did it for Ferris Bueller's day off and years ago there were some music videos with the songs that were in the film back in 1985 they should release those too I just named about 5 different great qualities that the studio could easily put together so why don't they do it and make this version of the dvd out of print because all you get here is the movie.
B00013PHGS|4.0|This CD is truly a dreamy electro-pop concoction, much more in the vein of Air's electronic Moon Safari than their more rocking disc called 10,000 Hz Legend.  I like the plush layers of vocal harmonies on \\"Run,\\" very reminiscent of \\"I'm Not In Love\\" by 10cc or (dare I say it) Enya.  The songs on Talkie Walkie are light and delicious, but they rise above the level of New Age music because of the clever arrangements and distinctive instrumentation.  For example, check out \\"Surfing on a Rocket,\\" with its spacey psuedo slide-guitar effect and funky disco-somno rhythms and guitars.  Too cool.  One song, \\"Alone In Kyoto\\" was used on the soundtrack for the movie Lost In Translation.  Oh, and the bonus DVD is pretty swell too.
B00006879E|5.0|This simply has to be the best cd ever.I honestly can say that there isnt one song on this album that i dont like.  There is most usually at least one album filler on most cd`s although on this im yet to find it.To listen and buy this cd is to become addicted (in a good way.)
B00008PW2D|1.0|i am a HUGE fan of sac. I knew episodes by heart, this show was like my bible(like most people). I bought ALL seasons eventhough the covers are so cheap and they broke, but id consider buying them again since i love this show so much and its a MUST for my dvd collection! But this season......<BR>I didnt buy it cause i knew it would only be 8 episodes. i just rented it out first and i dont plan to buy it. In all fairness though.... im sure it wouldnt hurt them much to just lower the price! You're buying less than half the material on other seasons. Plus the episodes where..... what happened to this show? It just seemed to repeat itself but in a more superficial way. Where was all that turning of the stomach the other seasons had? This was boring and looked like the whole season was filmed in one day. Very dissapointing. <BR>If youre going to start a show with a huge bang, dont end it so blandly!
0385504209|1.0|Mr. Brown and the publisher have made an obscene amount of money by presenting a fantasy novel as an historically accurate, \\"exhaustively researched\\", and credible piece of fiction to the detriment of the reputations of others.  They have perpetrated a grave injustice that is an affront to the intelligence of the reader.  They should be ashamed of themselves.
0156027321|5.0|I read Life of Pi in August 2003 and since then it has stayed close to the top of my ten favourite books of all time.  I honestly can't recommend this book highly enough.<br />The story is simple: A boy is stranded in a lifeboat with a tiger.  But it is the themes that the book deals with that make it so great.  By the end of the book, I was pondering the true nature of truth and the different branches of reality.<br />Truth - What is truth?  Is it something we know, or something we say?  If nobody knows the real truth behind something, is it better to believe the most desirable truth?<br />Religion - All have a different path to a heaven of some sort, so does it really matter which is right?  Are they all right?  Is the Islamic religion the road up the mountain while Christianity is the escalator?  <br />These are the questions that were in my mind at the end of the book.  Martel wisely does not give the answers (Are there really any?) but instead allows the reader to think it out for himself.  <br />I *highly* recommend this book.  The story is told well, the subject matter is refreshing enough, and the underlying tones will make you think long after Richard Parker has left your mind.
B000000W5L|5.0|STOP COPYING AND PASTING REVIEWS FROM ALLMUSIC.COM (YES, GUY FROM SAO PAULO, BRASIL; I'M TALKING TO YOU.)<br />Would it hurt to be original and honest about why you like (or dislike) the album? Just a thought...
B00008H2LB|3.0|Ok,I have to admit I do like this cd but lets face it Linkin Park has lost there touch.They used to so awesome when they had those heavy metal singles out like &quot;Crawling&quot; and &quot;One Step Closer&quot;.They went softie!What is up with this &quot;Numb&quot; song.Its totally a pop song.They definitley took it to the next level with the whole sampling,rapping and dj thing.With there next album they better get on the ball and pull out more guitars!
0385507755|1.0|What's missing from this memoir of \\"recovery\\" is a sense that the protagonist anti-hero made any sort of recovery from his additions at all.He is still a volatile , angry, blaming , controlling manipulative wrtetched jerk - or is there something I am missing- perhaps in the sequel we will see something positive emerge? That will be the recovery tome, not this.  Are the graphic tales of the pain he went thorough supposed to endear us to him?Ick. There is simply nothing likeable about this man- sober or straight.His endless lists of all the people he has hurt in the myriad of ways from early childhood almost makes me think that he might be a clinically certified sociopath.. So happy not to have met him! There is no compassion, warmth, joy, or anything positive - no light at the end of the tunnnel at all.        I couldn't understand his big confession at the very end- pure murderous rage- and follow through, provoked by an unasked for hand on his knee?.As if we didn't understand already that he \\"did some pretty bad things\\". Yeah- he bad- but who cares?
0553573403|5.0|You know, I think I've read just about everything even a bit heroicfantasy-ish I could find. And I've always believed that the best fantasy could be found, in two very different styles, in the hands of two very special authors: Robert Jordan for the sheer size of his work and the complexity of the characters - and David Gemmel for the crisp way he writes and the wonderful sense of dialog and gimmicks he has. So, bear in mind that these are the authors I like, and thus my review is aimed toward those who have a soft spot for these giants.<br />After reading all three books in a week's time, I now believe that George Martin has probably written the best books I've ever laid my hands upon - and that's saying something.<br />Martin's character are neither good nor bad. They're just humans,  like we all are. This means they sometimes make mistakes, like we all do. They sometimes doubt, like we all do. And they sometimes die, like we all do.<br />George Martin doesn't focus on a couple character (say, a [person] who'll eventually discover who his real father is - rings any bell ?) but rather on a hundred different ones, ala Robert Jordan. Every chapter is written from a different point of view, and you'll get the opportunity to realize that there are no \\"evil\\" people and no \\"good\\" people.<br />Some are honorable, for instance, but honour can be an asset as well as an hindrance, and honour can blind you to the reality. On the other hand, some might seem cruel when they're actually just trying to survive, or make a profit, or whatever the reason. But the reason's here, and that's what matters.<br />The beginning is a bit slow-paced (though nothing as horrible as some other well-known books), but soon you'll find yourself in the midst of a wonderfully written, wonderfully woven book, where  you can actually feel something for the characters - be it loathing, kinship or love. The fact that they're main characters doesn't protect them from their own mistakes and the traps others have laid for them, and you never know whether they'll live to see the day. That might be the first book where you actually fear from them (I mean come on, who ever thought Rand al'Thor would die from any of his fights with the Forsaken ?)<br />A must-read for just about everybody.ers have laid for them, and you never know whether they'll live to see the day. That might be the first book where you actually fear from them (I mean come on, who ever thought Rand al'Thor would die from any of his fights with the Forsaken ?)<br />A must-read for just about everybody.
B000002UDB|5.0|and the second greatest album to come out in 1967 (the greatest being Sergeant Pepper,released 5 months earlier),this one held down the number one slot for 8 weeks,and gave us three number one songs (Penny Lane,All you need,and Hello Goodbye). Only the Beatles could come up with a album this wonderful!!!
B000002UKS|5.0|This has got to be the most kicka** sounding album ever. For a long time I thought this album was tremendous but would never be able to classify this as great an album as I am.  This album was made in one of the last years where bands didn't overproduce and overpolish their albums like they do so often today. Unless this kind of raw unpolished kicka** production is brought back to music which it so badly needs to be, I don't think any album will ever be able to sound as good as this just for that fact alone. Don't get me wrong there are still a few bands out there who have close to top notch production(i.e. Coldplay, and Silverchair) which is one of the better most underrated band of today, but this kind of quality of production is quickly fading into extinction. That's exactly what's wrong with so much of the music today.  Lots of it sounds good, but extremely little of it has the sweet feel to it as music from the 1990's did. 1997 was one of the best years in the music industry and the last to be even close to that good. As soon as 2000 hit, right away bands started to polish up the albums like never before, which I think they do because it makes it sound like there's no room for error but in actuality it makes it sound worse because it makes you wonder how much talent they really have if they have to use all these gadgets. Now I don't really have a problem with bands using programs and devices but it is just way overused these days. Anyways, this cd has got it all. It has got a couple of classics(My Hero, and Everlong) which are semi heavy songs, it has some hard rocking tunes(Hey Johnny Park, and My Poor Brain) and softer awesome songs(February Stars, and Up In Arms). I wish music like this would come back so bad, but I am not sure if it ever will, as a matter of fact I highly doubt it. I know there are quite a few people that would agree with my opinion on the majority of music production quality today, so if anything is ever to happen, people need to get their word out, and maybe with a great deal of luck, record companies and producers will get smart and resort back to the quality production techniques of the 90's. The closest thing that comes to this cd as far as quality is concerned is Coldplay's latest album A Rush of Blood to the Head. That album could possibly be the second best cd I've heard if it was heavier like as heavy as The Foo Fighters. I like the softness of Coldplay except I prefer medium heavy rock better, but the good thing about Coldplay is how good the production is, and what makes that impressive is the fact that it actually came out just a couple of years ago which means maybe there is still hope to change music back to the quality of the music in the 90's. I think Colplay could possibly get to be the biggest band in a very long time over time.  Their music is so real and solid it's just crazy. Enough of my talking so much about a different album as if I'm reviewing it rather than this one, I just had to use that cd to show what kind of production quality I wish every cd that came out these days had. The Colour and the Shape is a classic not to be forgotten and is by far the best Foo Fighters album to date, and I would say for sure is the best cd I have ever listened to in its entirity. Forget about Nirvana and pick up this cd, you won't regret it, and if you do then most likely it's because you are more into the ridiculously polished cds that come out today. That is not true music, even though it may still sound catchy and good, this is.word out, and maybe with a great deal of luck, record companies and producers will get smart and resort back to the quality production techniques of the 90's. The closest thing that comes to this cd as far as quality is concerned is Coldplay's latest album A Rush of Blood to the Head. That album could possibly be the second best cd I've heard if it was heavier like as heavy as The Foo Fighters. I like the softness of Coldplay except I prefer medium heavy rock better, but the good thing about Coldplay is how good the production is, and what makes that impressive is the fact that it actually came out just a couple of years ago which means maybe there is still hope to change music back to the quality of the music in the 90's. I think Colplay could possibly get to be the biggest band in a very long time over time.  Their music is so real and solid it's just crazy. Enough of my talking so much about a different album as if I'm reviewing it rather than this one, I just had to use that cd to show what kind of production quality I wish every cd that came out these days had. The Colour and the Shape is a classic not to be forgotten and is by far the best Foo Fighters album to date, and I would say for sure is the best cd I have ever listened to in its entirity. Forget about Nirvana and pick up this cd, you won't regret it, and if you do then most likely it's because you are more into the ridiculously polished cds that come out today. That is not true music, even though it may still sound catchy and good, this is.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|When Firefly first started on Fox I only watched one episode because it was on the worst night for television: Friday. After seeing  that one episode I was hooked. Next thing I know, Fox decided to cancel the brilliant show. It's a shame that shows with complex characters and great writing don't survive on television yet shows like The Bachelor thrive. If you want to see storytelling at it's best, you'll watch Firefly. After watching, you'll be left wanting to hear more stories about the crew on Serenity.
B00008ADPF|5.0|This is without a doubt my favorite band out their.  Maroon 5 and 3 doors down come close to that title, but this album reigns at the top.  K, right off the bat, you've one of the best songs of 2003-2004, their hit single &quot;Someday&quot;.  If your a fan of passionate vocals with a ton of guitar solos, then this is your song.  If you don't believe me, listen to the sample.  The guitar solos fit absolutely perfectly, and then theirs the lead singer's voice.  It is an adrenaline filled voice that can easily pump you up for anything.  I can't describe how unique and deep it is.  Listen to the sample for yourself and then you'll believe me.  As for the rest of the album, you get a lot  of deep rock with a pinch of passion, but the main reason to get this is for Someday.
B00012FXAE|5.0|A fine DVD with extraordinary special features. I think we should just ignore dvdowner as much as possible.
0393307050|5.0|I simply cannot comprehend how people can open the first of this wonderful roman fleuve and not be simply captivated by the enormity and brilliance of O'Brian's achievement. I have (or had) no knowledge whatsoever of the Nelsonian navy, and yet this portrayal, or should I say recreation, of that lost age is so amazingly assured that one really can feel at home on the quaterdeck of HMS Surprise. O'Brian makes no apologies for using an elevated standard of English when educated people are conversing (some reviewers here believe that he should have done) nor for using technical naval jargon (how else would sailors speak? Anyway, one quickly grasps the essential details of sails, booms and topgallant masts.) For people who can get over a sense of disorientation that they share with Maturin as they first set foot aboard, they will find a standard of literature that really has no right to have been written in the 20th Century. It is too difficult to sing the praises of these novels, except to say that they are a sheer delight for anyone of a thinking disposition. These works really do stand comparison with great literature of the bygone age, and will enchant and delight for decades to come. I apologise if I seem a little vitriolic in my defence of O'Brian, but when one becomes attached to a writer in the way that devotees of Aubrey and Maturin become to O'Brian, then any criticism is an anathema. These books are not for everyone, but then neither is the music of Beethoven and Mozart, and would anyone question their worth because of it? Suffice to say, if you are someone who can cope with literature, then in these works, one will find humour, joy and excitement, and a lifetimes's worth of satisfaction. Much like the works of the aforementioned composers, these novels will never leave my side, and I envy those who still have the delight of discovering them for the first time.
B0000640VO|5.0|I love this movie. It ain't perfect, but I love it. Audrey Tatou is wonderful as is the rest of the cast. The script has so many things going for it. It's funny, suspenseful, and touching. I feel great watching this movie. It is also visually beautiful.<BR>I think it drags a little towards the end,but otherwise I was mesmerized by Amelie and her adventures.
B000063DFN|5.0|I didn't really buy this album, I sort of downloaded it from the net. The songs here are just kick ass! Here's how I review the album:<BR>1) ACES HIGH 10/10<BR>Can you have a better opening than this? Of all the heavy metal albums I've listened to this is definetely the best opener I've heard! Its enough reason to buy the whole album just for this!<BR>2) TWO MINUTES TO MIDNIGHT 10/10<BR>A kick-ass song that was released as a single! You'll be singing to this in no time! This is definetely a fan favorite and to those new to Iron Maiden, this is definetly required!<BR>3) LOSFER WORDS 9/10<BR>The band's final instrumental. This song is a great combination of heavy and melodic rhythms! Its the perfect song to get you in the mood for the next two masterpieces in the way!<BR>4) FLASH OF THE BLADE 10/10<BR>Part one of the so-called saga. The song is about somekind of a swordfight. The intro is very very COOL! The instrumental will definetly blow you away!<BR>5) THE DUELLISTS 9/10<BR>Part two of the saga. About somekind of a duel, swordfight or battle. Very cool as it blends in very well with the previous song!<BR>6) BACK IN THE VILLAGE 8/10<BR>Very different from the rest indeed. The chorus leaves a lot to be desired but the verses and vocals are definetly awesome!<BR>Give this a try and you wont be disappointed!<BR>7) POWERSLAVE 10/10<BR>One of the best title tracks! Heres where the real Egyptian theme comes out as this powerful track will suck you in. You need to listen to this to believe!<BR>8) RIME OF THE ANCIENT MARINER 100/10<BR>How do you say AWESOME ULTRA COOL HOLY F***ING HELL!? This 13 minute juggernaut of lyrical beauty and instrumental power will <BR>definetly grab you. The chorus is amazing! I cannot describe the beauty of this song! THIS IS DEFINETLY THE BEST MAIDEN SONG EVER!!!
B000002J2F|5.0|Genesis' twelfth album entitled Duke was released on March 31, 1980. The album was recorded at Abba's Polar Studios in in Stockholm, Sweden in late 1979 and was their first album of a decade that Genesis would dominate, the 80s. Also of note, this was the last album to feature Dave Hentschel as co-producer and engineer as Genesis would work with engineer Hugh Padgham for the rest of the decade on their next four studio efforts. This album is a great somewhat overlooked classic overall. The songwriting of drummer/vocalist Phil Collins(who really shines on this album), guitarist/bassist Mike Rutherford and keyboardist Tony Banks(whom would kill Nick Rhodes in a keyboard soloing contest) was superb especially on the opener Behind the Lines which had double-tracked vocals from Phil(whom can sing light years ahead of Simon Le Bon and drum circles around Roger Taylor) and excellent guitar and bass work by Mike Rutherford(whom could play circles around those chumps Andy Taylor and John Taylor), Turn it On Again(which was one of the few rock songs in 13/4 time and the second single released from the album in the US. I don't think Duran Duran could have a song in 13/4 time), the song Duchess(about a girl singer's rise and fall and also was a prophetic hidden message to the band itself which would fall after Phil's departure in 1996 which is a shame), and the closing instrumental one-two punch of Duke's Travel(which repeats the lyric from Guide Vocal at the end) and Duke's End. Phil wrote his first two songs for the band Misunderstanding(a US Top 20 hit) and Please Don't Ask(which was going to be intended for Phil's first solo album but Tony and Mike loved the song so much that the band recorded it and was written about his wife leaving him and is way more personal than anything Duran Duran would ever write about) were both great songs especially the latter. I also enjoyed Cul-de-sac, which starts out to be like a ballad but then turned into an exciting track. This is highlyrecommended for those who appreciate real music and not fluff like the skank Britney Spears!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|The Offspring's &quot;Americana&quot;, simply stated, is a complete album from track one until your disc player automatically stops it. Unlike most bands, The Offspring successfully develop a theme and keep it alive in a variety of songs. In regard to variety, &quot;Americana&quot; features very dark songs, like &quot;End of the Line&quot; and &quot;Have You Ever&quot;, but also offers humorous and more riffy tracks like the perenial &quot;Pretty Fly For a White Guy&quot; and &quot;She's Got Issues&quot;. This album deserves 5 stars because it is fast, thoughtful, fun, and can be listened to without having to skip any tracks. I highly recommend this album to anybody who likes unpretentious rock that can be both catchy and intelligent at the same time.
0671027387|4.0|After being incredibly disappointed in the overhyped DaVinci Code, I decided to give author Dan Brown another try.  Deception Point is as good as DaVinci Code is bad.<br />NASA has made a discovery in the Artcic and invites civilian scientists to verify its authenticity.  The scientists make a startling discovery and from there the chase is on as Rachel Sexton (daughter of presidential candidate Sedgewick Sexton), Michael Tolland and Corky Marlinson must outwit the Delta Force team on their tail.  The book throws many twists and turns at you.<br />I had a few complaints.  The plot revolves around NASA as the center of a presidential election, which even today seems incredibly far fetched.  Also, the ending is somewhat of a let down between Senator Sexton and Rachel.<br />The fun of this books is following the characters and their pursuit for the truth.  Their discoveries aren't that amazing, but the trials they go through to make those discoveries had me on the edge of my seat.
B00008J4P5|5.0|Elephant is an album that took me by complete surprise and carried me on a wonderful ride. The simplicity of the guitar riffs and drums with fills of the much more complicated guitar solos makes for one heck of an album, especially since, for the most part, it was created by two people. Who knew that a guitar and drum set could create such versatile and creative music? The sound that is the White Stripes is unmistakable, and Elephant delivers big. Seven Nation Army was the first song to grab me by the throat and hold me in the air while I gasped for a breath to respond with, but this album does not stop there. It continues on with song after song of satisfaction. From the fast rockin' Black Math to the bluesy Ball and Biscuit, I truly love this album, and I can't say that about many albums. At truly unexpected times I would find myself singing The Hardest Button To Button, which caught me in a stupor, but one that I was proud of. The only noticeable mainstream thing about Elephant is the drumming, and while it is never bad, it is never breathtaking. It's always good, reliable, but nothing that stuns me. Sometimes I find it a little dissappointing, the thing that keeps it from being one of the greatest albums ever, and other times I praise it for its purity and simplicity, giving it credit for holding the album together. At any rate, the music is top notch, a much needed break from monotony. This album, and the sound of the White Stripes is original, and it's that honest originality that is the most important thing about Elephant. Perhaps the most prized album in my collecton.
6304907648|5.0|Having watched this movie in Law class, I can definitely say it's one of the best of its genre.  It was fast-paced, thought-provoking, and utterly gripping.<br />Sigourney Weaver turns in a brilliant performance as Helen Hunt, a retired and agoraphobic woman with all the knowledge she'll ever need of the criminal mind - having been nearly murdered at the movie's beginning my Darryl Lee Cullum (Harry Connick, Jr), the man behind everything. The other actors give us great insight of the way things work in a serial case, their mannerisms and skills as actors (especially William McNamara, the seductively charming psychopath) chilling us as we watch the drama unfold.<br />If you're looking for something new in the Thriller category, you could do much worse than this.
0441003257|5.0|One of the most entertaining books i have ever read. It kept me laughing out loud throughout most of the book. No stopping hilarity...not for the weak of religious hearts.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Closer was the first album I purchased of Josh Groban.  I put the cd on and the first track \\"Oceano\\" blew me away.  I listened to that song 15 times before I even listened to the rest of the album.  He is truly amazing and \\"Oceano\\" is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard in my 35 years on this earth.
B000002X2B|5.0|This album is a monument to the trippy lifestyle of the 60s.<br />I am sure that many people used this album as a soundtrack to hallucinations.<br />The group of musicians who recorded this play so well together and make it a cohesive collection of songs.<br />Definately a recording to be experienced.
B00006J3WH|2.0|To read these reviews you'd think that \\"Once More With Feeling\\" is the greatest musical ever written.  What it *is* is a clever parody of everything from Stephen Sondheim to Ashman/Mencken's Disney musicals to '70s arena and folk rock and '30s jazz and dance numbers.  It isn't the least bit original and it's obvious that Joss Whedon didn't intend it to be, because otherwise his homages would have been much more subtle.<br />And while the performances are heartfelt and sometimes funny, Anthony Stewart Head and Amber Benson are the only Buffy cast members who can actually sing.  Sarah Michelle Gellar sounds like those little overrehearsed girls who play Annie -- she hits all the notes, but there's very little feeling in her performance and indeed, she sounds like she's not having a very good time and is just trying to get through it.  Thank God for the presence of Broadway stalwart Hinton Battle, who shows the amateurs how it's really done in his turn as the Cab Calloway-ish demon villain.<br />Kids, *real* musicals were written by people like Stephen Sondheim, Leonard Bernstein, Rodgers and Hart/Hammerstein, Cole Porter, Cy Coleman, Lerner and Loewe, Jerry Herman, Irving Berlin, George and Ira Gershwin, Jule Styne, etc.   Listen to them before you annoint Whedon as the creator of the \\"greatest musical.\\"  At best, he's just an adroit imitator of the greats.
B00008O31H|5.0|The Black Keys, THICKFREAKNESS, is stand out loud rock, I am a huge fan of rock from the 60's and 70's (long live Leppelin) and this music makes my spine tingle. Modern music really has hit the dust and the Black Keys are bringing it back the light. If you dont own this album you are missing out on what music was, and should be. Don't waste your life listening to the no talent of Mtv, its time to bring back the rock!! buy this album.
B0000DG00B|5.0|I'm an ABB fan of 30+ years and own everything recorded by them including all solo and other projects of the various ABB members. I thought this would be another Fillmore East set, but how wrong I was.  The sound is remarkable on these recordings and the occasional wrong note and sometime out of tune guitars just adds to the listening enjoyment for me. Duane and Dickey are outstanding and nothing more can be said about the ABB rhythm section.  Gregg's vocals are also right on. A close listen reveals many treasures in these songs and you really get the feel of a 60's-70's music festival.  If you already own Fillmore East, get this set and compare the two. You won't be sorry.
B00006CXXU|5.0|Now i can see exactly why it took so long for Stripped to come out. It really sounds like christina aguilera took her time to get it right. this isn't some synthesized, over-produced mess like britney's \\"in the zone\\" or some cheesy, gag inducing pop album like you would hear from jessica simpson.    Stripped takes practically every genre of music and blends it with Aguilera's voice to make a totally unique album. I never thought a 'pop' singer could put out an album that has ballads, rock, R&B, jazz, latin etc. and make it all sound like it belongs together.     My favorite tracks on this album are Walk Away which blew me away how much I related to it (not to mention its a beautiful song); Get mine, get yours and Dirrty, which are catchy and fun to listen to. I personally don't really like listening to ballads that much, but I liked Soar and Beautiful.  The only song I didn't like on the album was Make Over...just couldn't get into that one. Otherwise, an ejoyable album and def. worth buying
0385504209|4.0|This is a fun one, read it cover to cover in one weekend. It even kept me a wake very late...
B00013PHGS|5.0|An amazingly lush electro-pop album! This is just as great as Moon Safari and the Virgin Suides Soundtrack. Key tracks: Alpha Beta Gaga, Alone In Kyoto, and Cherry Blossom Girl. The bonus DVD is just beautiful icing added to the album. Air have been will always be quiet trailblazers of soft, swirling celestial music that envelops the listener in it's allure.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|I love the CD.  I enjoyed every song especially The long and winding road. It sounded like a real band instead of the phoney studio bands that are out today. I'm so glad they have taken Phil Spector out of this album.
B00005JLWN|3.0|The violence in this movie's pretty sick. If you like seing graphic depictions of arms and legs being broken, then check this out. For all the tai chi style of martial arts I would've expected a hong kong star in the lead role instead.  Its hard to describe the way this production is other than to say it's the type that you'd see direct to video or premium channel. The production is great for what their budget was no doubt.  I still felt like I was short changed since the quality of the actor ensamble in this film is insane!  I'd recommend a viewing but I don't feel like I want to watch it again for the grim style that it was shot in. Also the violence is intense, I wouldn't recommend it for people that don't like seeing gory hand to hand combat.
B00008J2DQ|3.0|Better than Awake! Good heavy and loud album! Best song has to be &quot;Straight out of line&quot;1<BR>Cop this one!
006054094X|5.0|I bought this book at an airport bookstore, hoping that it would keep me busy during a transatlantic flight. It did. At the end of my flight I wasn't even halfway through and I had not put the book down for even one second. That tells you something about the sheer volume of information contained in this book. On the other hand it is also very well written. Instead of simply pouring out facts and figures in an academic manner, Gavin Menzies describes a journey, and illustrates it so brilliantly that you the reader feel as if you are onboard these vessels sailing into the unknown.<br />The evidence he puts forward is convincing, confusing and overwhelming at the same time.<br />The bibliography is immense and there's no doubt in my mind that he is onto something.<br />For anyone who loves geography maps and exploration this is a book that will keep you reading and reading, but most of all, it will keep you wondering. Last not least, this book will change your mind about history as we in the West have come to know it.
0688145078|5.0|My son, who is 22 months old, loves to be read the 'baby book'. We probably read this book 10-15 times a day! I am due with my second child in May, so I'm hoping that he will understand a bit more about having a little brother from reading this book.<br />The only thing I don't like is that the baby gets a bottle, and since I plan on breastfeeding, this may get a bit confusing to him.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I first saw Firefly on Sci-Fi Channel UK at the end of last year and liked it so much I ordered the DVDs from the US, even tho' they're Region 1 and more awkward to play in Europe.  Without exaggeration this is the most amazing piece of television I have seen in a very long time! Subtle, clever, funny, brilliantly acted by all nine of the prinicipals, beautifully directed and filmed. The cast are amazing, the characterisations fantastic! Artistic and compelling at the same time! <br />I could not recommend these DVDs more highly and if Universal (who apparently now own the rights) have any sense, they will resurrect Firefly as a movie or (even better) a new series with as many of the original actors and actresses as they can round up (hopefully all of them). Everyone I meet over here who has watched it is awed by what these guys accomplished.<br />What were Fox thinking when they cancelled this show?
B000002H97|5.0|I feel that Master of Puppets and Ride the Lightening are Metallica's finest pieces of work. They are both played at a thousand miles per hour and the songs are so dynamic that no metal band has ever reached that type of genious. I think that the greatness of these albums can be attributed to CLIFF BURTON (the greatest bass player ever). With that said &quot;The Black Album&quot; is still one of the greatest metal albums ever produced. People should appreciate it for what it is, simply awesome.
0440224764|3.0|I loved this book, it's definitely in my top ten, However this is not Grisham's best work. I personally think that some of Grisham's other novels like the Firm or the Client. Although this novel is great but there are a lot of others out there.
031286504X|5.0|If you love the vampire genre, you must read this book.<br />The science is dated (it was written in 1954) but the story is<br />amazing.  Without question it has influence hundreds if not thousands of subsequent works.  Read it.
B00008DDSC|3.0|Maggie Gyllenhaal is the only thing that really makes this film compelling. The premise is interesting, but I lost interest before the end, and the end was highly disappointing. Given the perversions and unusual proclivities of both Gyllenhaal's &quot;Lee&quot; and her boss, played by an old hand at this sort of bizarre role, James Spader, the ending was somehow... a little too normal. There is entertainment value in this film, and the viewer can see a change in the dynamics of the relationship between Lee and boss in the film. (At least this is how I interpreted it). Lee's self-esteem was not the highest nor her mental state the best when she started working in the law office in which Spader is a lawyer. However, she appears to grow more confident and validated by Spader's control over her, while he grows more and more doubtful and begins questioning the relationship.
B00006DEFA|5.0|Mozart would be 248 today if he were alive.  But then he is, isn't he?  His music and story are as alive and vibrant today as ever they were ringing through the streets and royal courts of eighteenth century Vienna.  And AMADEUS is as appealing today as it was in 1984.<br />First, I should make it very clear that this review and its attendant five stars are really for and about the original release of the 1984 classic on DVD.  I found that offering to be, in my opinion, exactly what the movie should have been, being the same version that was loved and enjoyed by viewers everywhere and the one that took home the Academy Award for Best Picture.<br />The new Director's Cut does little to add to the original story and adds footage that is not only unnecessary but brings along with it an R rating.  We all know that Mozart was a vulgar man but his music was not, as noted so eloquently in the film.  No need to add footage here that detracts from the sublime in favor of the sordid.  Stick with the original 1984 theatrical release.<br />AMADEUS is a magical film, choreographing scene set-ups and actor movements perfectly with Mozart's immortal music.  It is the only movie of which I am aware where the director staged the soundtrack first and then built the movie around it.  But considering Mozart's music it isn't hard to see why.  <br />It's all there: the silly, musical genius and the scheming mediocrity, Antonio Salieri, who is bent on doing anything to supplant Mozart in the court of Joseph II as well as in the eyes of a seemingly unfair God.<br />Tom Hulce and F. Murray Abraham are marvelous.  It's sad that they could not have been named as co-winners of the Best Actor Oscar that went to Abraham.<br />Douglas McAllister
B00006LPER|2.0|Being a fan of Isabelle Huppert's work, I expected something more from this film. The only good thing about this film, as a matter of fact, was Huppert's performance of a woman coming undone. She lives her relatively closed (and closely monitored by her live-in mother) life as a piano teacher, and everything seems stern, put together (except for this bizarre relationship with her mother, who controls everything). And then Huppert's much-younger student begins to pursue her. By the time Huppert succumbs, she is unraveling. At the same time, the movie unravels with her.
0920668364|5.0|I JUST finished reading this to my 5 1/2 year old and I felt compled to write a review. A first it's funny, we laughed at the woman rocking her BIG (man) baby, but when he held her, I just choked up & started crying. Of course my daughter thinks I'm crazy, but she is too young to understand. You don't have to have children to enjoy this book, it will make you remember that deep love for your parents that we adults sometimes forget. Buy a few, you will want to pass this wonderful title on. Give one to your mom & dad too.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Largely a plotless story of time, place, impression and acquaintance, a strong mood is built of subtle images, a stellar and fitting soundtrack and superb cast. Sofia Coppola has created a film which is visually appealing, bringing to life the overwhelming nature of Tokyo as well as the stark contrast of cultures (culture shock). Unlike something culturally insensitive and disrespectful, like Mr. Baseball, which pokes fun at Japanese culture and way of life in an ugly effort to garner laughs, Coppola illustrates the differences without taking anything away from either culture. Two lonely Americans stuck in a Tokyo hotel, both contemplating their own lives, trying to make efforts in their interpersonal relationships, find each other and somehow find friendship and solace in their acquaintance. This, too, is something many films have tried to do (older man, younger woman), but they degenerate into lurid and unrealistic love affairs or somehow seem too familial (father-daughter, mentor-protege) in their portrayal. With excellent writing from Coppola and excellent performances from Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray, the relationship is both believable and refreshing. Lines are not crossed, though there is tension between the two. <br />Overall, I left the cinema feeling carried away by a mood, nostalgic for that sense of tension, nostalgic for Tokyo (or at least for that sense of being an outsider but finding acceptance with someone as uncomfortable or alone as I felt).
0385504209|5.0|Es un libro que aparte de ser interesante te mantiene muy intretenifo y puedo decir que interesado y divertido, ataca a sociedades y grupos como el opus dai y el poder que tienen actualmente en el mundo. realmente si quieres pasarte un rato a gusto y aparte teniendo otros puntos de vista en cuanto al cristianismo... compralo.
B000002WU9|5.0|If two words were used to describe this album it would be, RAP CLASSIC. This is one of the best, if not the best rap album I own, and I own over 500. As sick as Wu Tangs Debut was 36 Chambers, I think this album actually out does it. Rzas production is probably the the tighest ever on a rap cd. Raekwon and GhostFace destroy tracks, and the guest appearances by various Wu memebers as well as Nas only add to the quality of this cd. Every track is absolutely a classic. The only misstep, and its small, is the So Simple remix, should have been left of the album. This is what a rap album should be, hard beats, hard lyrics, no p---y pop bull that dominates the air waves today. The word classic is thrown around to much these days, but this album is defiantly worthy of the tag. If you like Wu-Tang, Nas, Kool-G-Rap, Mobb Deep, I would recommend this album.
B000063UV9|5.0|This is by far the best western i have ever seen and one of the best overall films i have seen. Redford and Newman are amazing as the comedic outlaws that have left a mark in the history of westerns. Katherine Ross is delightful as the Sundances' girlfriend and a soulmate to them both. <BR>     This film consists of all things that make a good movie it has a wonderful story, strong characters to back it up, and the cast that makes it all work. I only wish movies were still made like this where acting and character strength was the foundation as opposed to special effects which take away from a story. It has all the compelling aspects of film and emotion from action to romance and it even squeezes in a significant amount of humor. A film that everyone,any age, will love.<BR>     I love the way Redford and Newman feed lines off one another, their chemistry is amazing. It was the beginning to one of the most charming and humorous hollywood duos. You finish watching the film and you find yourself qouting some of the funniest scenes with newman and redford.<BR>    It is a movie that consists of beatiful art direction, and cinematography and the costume designing was in itself superb.<BR>i am twenty four and i love this film, it is a film that will be loved for many years to come. i would recommend it to anyone who wants to see two of the greatest actors ever and one of the best films ever.
0790729652|5.0|I AM BATMAN.<br />Heh, just thought I'd say that in honor of that hilarious SNL Celebrity Jeopardy shtick.  And how true that statement was... Michael Keaton is the best Batman of the films.<br />&quot;Batman&quot; is a triumph of production design and visual mastery.  The storyline was a bit thin and the movie might as well have been called &quot;The Joker&quot; because of the screen time given to Jack Nicholson.  However, the movie still works.  Jack Nicholson is sensationally funny and evil as the Joker and Michael Keaton plays the double role of Bruce Wayne/Batman works out better than most people tend to think.  He plays the character as a brooding neurotic which doesn't tell us much about the character, but it draws us in anyways.  And of course, Michael Gough is perfect as Alfred.  The only bad thing I can say about the movie is that Kim Basinger (as Vicki Vale, the reporter) and he didn't really have much of any chemistry together.  It's negligible, given the Batman character.<br />Tim Burton was the perfect director for the film because of his &quot;gothic wizardry,&quot; as said by another Amazon.com reviewer here.  I really do believe that without Tim Burton the series went to crap.  In fact, this movie captured the original comics better than the campy 60s television series did; this grittier vision of Gotham City is a lot like the Batman of old, which is probably why devoted comic book fans found it better.  I personally like Tim Burton's style and the Batman animated series that followed it (before they resurrected it and made it crappy).  Once again, Danny Elfman did the score and created an entirely new Batman theme that's been redone several times.  In short, it's frikken awesome.<br />My favorite part in the movie is when the Joker and Batman are doing their final face-off and the Joker's getting his @$$ kicked.  The Joker says, &quot;You idiot!  You made me,&quot; and talks about how Batman threw him into the acid.  Batman then replies &quot;You killed my parents.  I made you, you made me first.&quot;  AWESOME line.<br />&quot;Batman Returns&quot; (1992) worked out alright with Keaton and Burton back for more, but definitely not afterwards.  The first &quot;Batman&quot; proved a lot to the movie fans of how Batman SHOULD be made.  One of the reasons why that &quot;Birds of Prey&quot; show didn't last was because they didn't make Gotham City the gritty city that was portrayed in the films, plus the fact that the film itself connected well with the comics (and of course, the show always added some pop/rock song that's been overplayed on the radio and had no relevancy to the show.  But that's another issue entirely).  Simply put, this is the best gothic vision of our favorite caped crusader and all the clones/spin-offs afterwards will have nothing on it.illed my parents.  I made you, you made me first.&quot;  AWESOME line.<br />&quot;Batman Returns&quot; (1992) worked out alright with Keaton and Burton back for more, but definitely not afterwards.  The first &quot;Batman&quot; proved a lot to the movie fans of how Batman SHOULD be made.  One of the reasons why that &quot;Birds of Prey&quot; show didn't last was because they didn't make Gotham City the gritty city that was portrayed in the films, plus the fact that the film itself connected well with the comics (and of course, the show always added some pop/rock song that's been overplayed on the radio and had no relevancy to the show.  But that's another issue entirely).  Simply put, this is the best gothic vision of our favorite caped crusader and all the clones/spin-offs afterwards will have nothing on it.
B0000648WZ|1.0|This is one of the more disturbing movies I have ever seen for the simple fact that it blatantly promotes A Fascist government. Perhaps more disturbing is that people have left reviews saying that this movie has a \\"great message\\". While the action isn't bad and effects are pretty solid the totalitarian future society is highly disturbing. I was rooting for the bugs by the end.
B00006JJ1O|2.0|t.A.T.u (translated into 'she likes that girl') is so new and shocking only because of their image.  They kinda make it seem like they're only in this for a publicity stunt (namly because they're lesbians.)  I kinda find that sick, and despite that, their lyrics are just nothing by rambling on and on and on.  However, I will give them thumbs up for the rythm on most of their tracks (which is why their music is appealing aside the fact that their foriegn.)  I just hope that next time their lyrics would be more important and defining in their future albums.
0385504209|2.0|This was a page turner, until almost the end, when it all fell into the totally same old same old.  The narrow escapes, the graphic sex required, the beautiful super intelligent, super achiever heroine,paired with the handsom man to assist her, the sad, ugly badguy, the narrow escapes, etc,etc,etc.The last third of the book totally fell apart!  I am a devout catholic, this book in no way under- mined my faith. I love bible and religious history.  Some interesting premises here.  Not really worth the time to read this book, though.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|If you have seen the Matrix trilogy, you either liked it or you didn't...I thoroughly enjoyed the whole thing, but the movies did lack certain parts of the story...If you felt the same way, I HIGHLY recommend watching the Animatrix and playing through Enter the Matrix...before I saw Animatrix, I was totally confused about who the kid is that adores Neo or how the machines got the way they are...by watching all of the Animatrix movies, I got the answer to both and got to see other people's visions of what can happen in the Matrix...Enter the Matrix really helps you understand more about both the second and third movies...you get to see what caused Ghost's and Naiobe's ship to crash and you get to see how even the Animatrix plays into both the game and the movies...it all really must be seen to get the total experience
B0000013G9|5.0|THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST TLC CD EVER! I HAVE BEEN A FAN SINCE THE START.  I HAVE ALL THERE CDS. THIS ONE, IS THE BEST.  THEY MIXED IT UP PRETTY GOOD. IF YOUR IN THE MOOD FOR SOME SMOOTH R &amp;B THIS IS IT.<BR>CREEP, KICK YOUR GAME, CASE OF THE FAKE PEOPLE, RED LIGHT SPECIAL, WATERFALLS, IF I WAS YOUR GIRLFRIEND, SWITCH, AND SOMETHING WICKED THIS WAY COMES. ARE MY PICKS OF THIS CD.  I LISTEN TO THE WHOLE THING BUT THOSE ARE MY FRAVS.  SO ENJOY THE GREATEST SELLING FEMALE GROUP CD EVER! SEE I TOLD YOU THEY WERE THE JAMMMMMMMM!
B00005JMJ4|5.0|This movie is charming and soulful and wonderful on many, many levels ... but one of the nicest surprises is seeing Bill Murray show the sort of warmth he possessed in MEATBALLS.  As a stranded actor adrift on the planet Tokyo, Bill shows his road miles and it is endearing.  Scarlett Johansson is near sublime as another stranded American and the two create the kind of low key magic that is near impossible to find in a mainstream movie these days. Usually we get the sort of forced sparks that a Meg Ryan movie pummels us with.  Here, director Coppola, sets up a camera and photographs the proceedings without leading us in any particular direction.  The result is a wholly satisfying (kind of breathtaking) little movie.  Murray and Johansson are perfect together and the ending, when they at last part ways, is just as dynamic as anything that TITANIC or YOU'VE GOT MAIL delivered.  Highly recommended.
0060537639|2.0|1421 would make a good case study for a class in debunkery. With so many claims, the class could be split into groups, each assigned a different set of claims to follow trails of evidence.  They'll find dead ends.<br />I'll list a few problems.<br />The book begins with history of the 15th century Chinese fleets, of which little is known among most Westerners.  This part is engaging, and judging from footnotes, seems well grounded in fact.  Real flight of fancy begins on pp. 103-104, with discussion of an old inscription on a stone (Pedra do Letreiro) on Cape Verde.  Experts have long tried but failed to determine the language of this inscription.  The author faxes a picture (not shown in the book) to the Bank of India and asks if they know.  Their reply: &quot;It looks like Malayalam.&quot;  The author has never heard of Malayalam.  The Bank informs him that this &quot;was the language of Kerala&quot; and &quot;has largely ceased to be spoken today.&quot;  To the author, this communication constitutes proof that the inscription IS in Malayalam (and &quot;I punched the air in my excitement&quot;).<br />Any encyclopedia or web search will reveal that Malayalam is an official language of India today, spoken by 30+ million people, and the official language of the state of Kerala.  Ironically, Kerala's main claim to fame is its 100% literacy rate.  So what do all those Malayalam-reading Keralans make of the inscription?  We are not told.  When the author was on book tour in January 2004, I asked him about this Malayalam inscription.  He was still waiting to hear from the experts.  He had tracked down the world's leading expert in Malayalam, but unfortunately this person couldn't help because he is blind.  Sadly, nobody in the room laughed.<br />The declaration of a &quot;Malayalam&quot; inscription seems to be the signal that thoughtful readers should put the book down now, so the author can continue for the gullible who won't think of hard questions. You don't even have to look anything up to see things that don't make sense.  Page 257:  &quot;Sea levels in 1421 were lower than they are today.  Global warming has caused the polar ice to melt, causing sea levels to rise slowly but inexorably.&quot;  Page 306:  &quot;Greenland was circumnavigable in 1421-2, for not only was the maximum limit of the polar ice well to the north of its present position, the climate of Greenland was far warmer than it is today.&quot;<br />Not only is that a contradiction, but the author also ignores the most natural ways to find data on both sea levels and Greenland temperatures.  We can find Greenland temperature history data over centuries by doing a web search, turning up what scientists have learned from Greenland ice cores. The author ignores this evidence and instead relies on evidence from types of flies found in Greenland house excavations (p. 306).  As for sea levels, he writes (p. 257) that &quot;reputable oceanographers&quot; put the rise over the past few centuries at somewhere between one and four millimetres a year.  Concluding: &quot;In the almost six centuries since 1421 it is safe to say that sea levels have risen between just under four and just under eight feet.&quot;  The math is OK, but what's the point of calculating such a rough ESTIMATE when some coastal areas of Europe and Asia have historic RECORDS of local sea levels going back to 1421 and earlier?<br />The book has some purported linguistic evidence, of similarities between Chinese words and those of indigenous American languages.  This type of word list comparison has been done before with other pairs of unrelated languages, and doesn't prove anything, because you can always find a few words that look as if they may be related.  For example, see sci.lang newsgroup archives for a discussion of Mandan (of North Dakota) and Welsh.<br />1421 has a strong undertone of disparagement of non-Eurasian cultures. For example, p. 320: &quot;While serving in HMS Newfoundland, I travelled thousands of miles along the East African coast from Kenya to South Africa.  In 1958 it was largely unspoilt, lined by the remains of old Arab and Portuguese slave towns and the occasional musty British club, the last remnants of empire.&quot;  (Unspoilt?)  Other chapters include put-downs of native Americans who supposedly couldn't have invented much of what they did by themselves and must have had help from the Chinese.<br />The author puts great promise in DNA evidence linking distant peoples with the Chinese.  But he presents none of this evidence.<br />According to the book, there should be supplementary information on the 1421 website, but check it out: it's practically empty.  I also wonder, why the rush to publication?  The author even admits that some parts are incomplete, and more details will be filled in later, either on the website or in future editions of the book. <br />Also, the index leaves much to be desired.<br />American readers will enjoy references to &quot;Baha California&quot; (p. 402), &quot;the Mississippi River west of Kansas City&quot; (p. 415), and &quot;the Pacific coast of New Mexico&quot; (p. 417).  They may challenge themselves to see how &quot;San Francisco and Los Angeles are clearly depicted at correct latitudes on the Waldseemller chart,&quot; (p. 202) with the chart between pp. 296-297.<br />According to the book jacket, the author served in the Royal Navy from 1953 until 1970 (the year he turned 33), and commanded the submarine HMS Rorqual from 1968 to 1970.  He makes many, many references in the book to things &quot;I know from my own naval career&quot; to explain away some oddities in old maps. There is a curious omission on p. 227: &quot;When I commanded HMS Rorqual, I took her through the South China Sea and Philippine Islands to Subic Bay.&quot;  He does not inform us that on June 13, 1969, HMS Rorqual rammed into the USS Endurance when the Endurance was moored at Subic Bay.  It would have been interesting to read his side of that story!
B000003TAW|4.0|I got this expecting it to be really good based off these reviews, truth is its a good CD, but nothign spectacular. Best songs: Buddy Holly, Say It Isnt So, (then it goes a step down to) No One Else, My Name is Jonas, the World Has Turned and Left me Here, Undone. The rest of the songs are pretty good, but nothing too great.<br />conclusion: You will like this CD, but dont expect the greatest CD ever!
B0000W3YIS|5.0|This new cd is so really good, Britney samples with all sorts of music. If your a person with many different taste with music you will like this cd. Its great, many great tracks to get you dancing and some great slow songs that touch your heart. You can feel the emotion from britneys voice. I highly recommend it
B00005JKC3|1.0|When this movie was still playing in theaters I really wanted to go and see it, yet most everyone that I knew that had already seen it insisted that I avoid it at all cost.  I finally, watched it on DVD and I swear the movie put me flat out to sleep!!!  I have heard that Jennifer Connelly wanted to back out of it because it was the next film that she did after her \\"A Beautiful Mind\\" award but she was under contract - - - who knows?  But one thing most of us realize about this movie is . . it really stinks!!!
0385504209|1.0|I have never been so diasppointed with a book. Dan Brown basically takes a few religious theories (that have been around for quite a while and aren't obscure at all) and intertwines them with a lame plot. Don't waste your time reading this book. The fact that so many people like it and find it so earthshattering is only a sad testament to how pathetic, limited, and closed minded we have become.
B00005B36H|5.0|I loved this CD, even though I don't really like Tool very much. The lyrics are beautiful and not filled with the screaming rage of their other albums, and the music is hypnotic to say the least. Keenan seems to have matured in this CD, and even though his themes are dark, everything combines to form a breathtaking work of art. I especially like that the lyrics are not explicit which makes the CD accessible to a wider group of people. He's not just catering to angst-ridden, rebellious teenagers with this one. lateralus deserves the serious attention it has gotten.
B00013PHGS|5.0|This is the band I heard in 1998 and they blew my mind. I was not that impressed with the last album, but this album!!! WA LA their back at it again and its better than ever. I would recommend this to anyone even a first time listener, second to this would be Moon Safari. If you havent bought this yet do so fan or not. Its an amazing composition of songs crafted for those late night excursions in your head and out.....
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Words cannot simply put it into context.  You have to see to believe.  I can tell everything that the other 500+ reviewers have said but that would be redundant.  <br />I am not a Buffy or Angel fan and Firefly has beat out anything I have ever seen in Science Fiction thus far.  And I'm also not a fan of Western genres but this show had me hooked and it will hook you too.  <br />If you haven't seen this show yet then rent it, borrow it, and eventually buy it.  I guarantee you won't be sorry.  You will be heartbroken to know that the show was cancelled but Joss Whendon, the growing and swelling army of fans, and many others are fighting the fight to get a movie and hopefully the show back. We'll keep on fighting until this great story is told and Serenity flies again.<br />&quot;Doing the impossible makes us mighty,&quot; Captain Malcolm (Mal) Reynolds.<br />This is the greatest show ever.  Nothing can compare to the high standards that this show has raised and I don't think anyone will be able to do so again.<br />Keep flying, Firefly!  They can't take the sky from us!<br />Here's to hoping for the movie.
B000005IS1|5.0|This is one of the all-time, desert island, most awesome live discs ever conceived. Hendrix at Woodstock? Lame. Doors Live Compilations? Please. Frampton Comes Alive? It sounds dead next to this. The Stones' Get Yer Ya-Yas Out? Not even Close. <BR>But this is more than just a great live album, it's a thrilling debut by a band who by all rights should have moved popular culture far more than they did. The MC5 was one of the most controversial, yet popular bands in a town (Detroit) that was known for its music. Consider the local competition at the time: Parliament/Funkadelic, Grand Funk Railroad, Bob Seger, Ted Nugent/Amboy Dukes, Mitch Ryder, the Stooges (the MC5's &quot;little brother&quot; band), and let's not forget Motown, which was then at the height of its powers. The MC5 were not only revolutionaries, they got incredible chances. Consider: they were the only band who actually played the protests surronding the 1968 Democratic Convention, many of this album's songs are classics that have been covered by multitudes (most notably &quot;Kick out the Jams&quot;, which has been swiped by Rage Against the Machine, among others), and their second album (Back in the USA) was produced by critic John Landau (who later went on to produce Bruce Springsteen's classic Born to Run.)<BR>So why isn't this band revered for all time despite this outrageously awesome album? Simple-they shot themselves in the foot so much, they couldn't walk anymore.<br />Mistake number one: They introduced their would-be single with the intro &quot;KICK OUT THE JAMS, (incredibly obscene expletive deleted)!!!!!&quot; Their label, Elektra, decided to clean that up for the single release so it could get, you know, airplay and units shifted and money coming in. The bad didn't like this, so they moved to...<BR>Mistake number two: They declared war on their own record label, and placed &quot;(expletive deleted) Elektra!&quot; stickers on the front of stores that sold their album. Obviously, this did not go over well with the label brass, and precipitated...<BR>Mistake number three: Getting the album pulled from store shelves nationwide and booted from the label. The album promptly went nowhere after that and the MC5 never recovered. The 'Five tried to resurrect themselves at Atlantic, but bad production values on the next record (Back in the USA), cash flow problems, and increasingly troublesome drug habits all around combined to finish them off.<br />But if they were short-lived, one need only listen to this album to find out how brightly they burned. The obscene intro to &quot;kick out the jams&quot; is back, too, if that's any indication of how things are on this album. The Songs (not counting the Sun Ra-freakout &quot;Starship&quot;) are incredibly simple affairs that show their Garage-rock roots, the lyrics are so basic as to be lumpen, but the energy-Ah!! The sheer conviction is what refreshes time and time again. The twin guitars ebb and flow well, the band's dynamics draw you in and refuse to let go until the end of 40 minutes of sheer adrenaline. If you like the energy of punk,you can do little better than to go back to the source of it all: this disc.
0385504209|3.0|In the book, Brown does give some interesting artistic information, particularly about da Vinci's \\"Last Supper\\" painting that was commissioned for the Dominicans (Order of Preachers).  As Brown states, it COULD be Mary Magdalene sitting next to Jesus on the left as one faces the picture.  Mary Magdalene happens to be the patroness of the Dominican Order.  She is regarded as the first \\"apostle\\" since she was the first to see Jesus after His resurrection and go tell the other apostles about it as instructed by Jesus. The face is definitely feminine and not masculine. I do not believe Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married as Brown opines since the Gospels never mention it.  In fact, celibacy is praised by the Lord for the \\"sake of the Kingdom\\" and St. Paul does the same in his first letter to the Corinthians (7: 25-28), and NOT because human sexuality is \\"evil\\"-that would be a very anti-Jewish concept!  And Jesus was a Jew.  It was also believed that Jesus was going to return imminently so why get married?  Jesus said that there was \\"no marriage or giving in marriage in Heaven\\": we will be like the \\"angels\\" (Matthew 22: 29-32).<br />In the Gospel of John, Judas left the Last Supper early when it was \\"night.\\"  So there are still 13 persons at the table in da Vinci's painting. This Gospel doesn't record a consecration/communion scene like the other three Gospels, however). Jesus' Body and Blood are discussed in the sixth chapter of John's Gospel. John is actually reclining on Jesus' chest because Peter tells John to ask the Lord who the betrayer is (also in the Gospel of John).  In the painting, then, John is close to Jesus' right.<br />In discussing the \\"sacred feminine\\" author Brown completely ignores Mary, the mother of Jesus.  Why?  She is certainly the most popular woman in the Gospels and in Christianity to this very day!  The most popular devotion is the \\"Rosary\\" in Catholicism (coming from the word \\"ROSE\\") which have \\"mysteries\\" recounting certain pivotal events in the lives of Jesus and Mary that one meditates on while praying.  Praying the Rosary is a devotion that did not originate with the Dominican Order but subsequently was taken up by the Order as a devotional practice and used in preaching as well.<br />The Virgin Birth?  Why so difficult to believe?  God creates all persons: if Jesus was the Son of God (the Father) the egg (of Mary) would have to be fertilized by the \\"Holy Spirit.\\"  God can't do this?  This is no more a miracle than each of us are!  Does one make one's own body or any part thereof? Jesus had to be divine as well as human in order to effect our salvation.in the lives of Jesus and Mary that one meditates on while praying.  Praying the Rosary is a devotion that did not originate with the Dominican Order but subsequently was taken up by the Order as a devotional practice and used in preaching as well.<br />The Virgin Birth?  Why so difficult to believe?  God creates all persons: if Jesus was the Son of God (the Father) the egg (of Mary) would have to be fertilized by the \\"Holy Spirit.\\"  God can't do this?  This is no more a miracle than each of us are!  Does one make one's own body or any part thereof? Jesus had to be divine as well as human in order to effect our salvation.
B000060K4P|5.0|These two movies are both, very funny. Peter, Ray, and Eagan both are scientists/doctors who seek out ghost. In none other then New York City but when the ghost start finding them. They get more then what they bargain for.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is really as good as broadcast television has ever been. I didn't give too much credit to the science-fiction/Western/US Civil War scheme until I saw the show. Frankly, it's not clear how much that &quot;hook&quot; even matters---what matters are fantastic characters that you genuinely care about. Buy it and see.
B0000DD7LC|5.0|When I first listened to the CD it didn't do much for me other than the hit song.  Then I went back to give it a second chance and I haven't grown tired of it yet.  I think it's great music that connects to your life.  The interlude song is way too short - the music is old school and so sensual and intuitive.  Are you feeling me - feeing you? Perfect.  It's a great CD and I'm waiting for it to come on Audio-DVD for my car.  Great job!!!
0316666343|2.0|It would be impossible to count the number of books I have read over the years but I could count on one hand how many I have read to the half way mark then couldn't be bothered to finish - this was one of them. It's such an intriguing idea for a novel yet so little was made of it. It seemed to lack energy and just came across as half-soaked.I kept waiting for it to rev up but after reaching the half way mark only to find it still as ineffectual,  I lost interest completely. A work colleague finished reading it but I couldn't even work up the curiosity to ask her what had happened in the end, such was my apathy regarding this novel.
0920668372|5.0|To all of you who think this book is weird, not to mention those of you who think it's about incest, I feel sorry for you! You evidently lacked ordinary affection or closeness with a parent, which left you with a shortage of feelings, or have some other issues. Some of my female relatives cried when they got to the end of this book, and I think that's what makes it so unique, this book is just so touching, for some even too much so. A lot of parents waste their money and time reading their kids silly, stupid, empty books with no lessons to be learned! I do agree that in many cases it's not a very good choice to give as a gift, you would only give it on a very personal level. My overall opinion is that too many people are either superficial or disturbed.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Having glanced over the hundreds of reviews for this amazing series, I had two thoughts.  First was that I really didn't need to say anything as it had all been said so eloquently and often already.  Second, however, was how amazing it was that so many people have become or remained loyal fans of this too-short-lived show.  I have never before seen so many reviews for any item on Amazon which still maintained such a high rating.  The complaints are certainly few and far between.<br />For this reason, I am throwing my $.02 in.  I can only hope that perhaps some network or studio exec is checking out these reviews and realizing that the audience for the show (and maybe the movie) is so much more vast than they assumed.<br />As for the series, this is one of the overall best things I have seen on television.  I am a fan of Buffy and Angel, and so have some loyalty to Joss Whedon, the creator of both aformentioned shows as well as Firefly.  However, I am also a very critical television watcher.  I watch certain shows religiously but very little beyond those.  I wait for the diamonds in the rough and try to give them a chance to shine before giving up on them, but just have very little time to allow for this.<br />Firefly did not make me go through this process.  It was shiny from day one, even given the idiotic network decision to air it beginning with episode 2 rather than the intended pilot.  I was a little confused as to who all these folks were, but the show engaged me immediately regardless.<br />The concept is not as odd as it sounds.  The master storytellers at Mutant Enemy make this a completely believable universe, and the gifted actors do a wonderful job of bringing to life the characters that are the heart of the show.<br />As I said before, all that can be said about Firefly has already been said.  All I will tell you is that, regardless of what genre of television you normally watch, you owe it to yourself to purchase or rent this DVD.  You will find yourself a member of the Browncoats in no time.<br />Keep flying!lf a member of the Browncoats in no time.<br />Keep flying!
B00005OM4Q|5.0|'Almost Famous' is one of the most reviewed products on Amazon.com -- 463 at the time of writing this.  And that should come as no great surprise.  The movie is about a fan who writes reviews and makes it big.  How close is that to the aspirations of Amazon reviewers?!<br />'Almost Famous' was written from the heart, coming largely from Cameron Crowe's own experience.  Having toured with Led Zep and the Allman Brothers, and ended up marrying Nancy Wilson from Heart, Crowe seemed pre-destined to conjure this masterpiece.  It is hard to imagine him ever bettering this work.<br />Without bettering the original theatre release, the Director's Edition gives us an extended glimpse into the lives of the characters, and introduces us to a few more, such as the stoned DJ who slumbers during his interview with Stillwater.  These extra 35 minutes are the main bonus, if, like me, you already have the single-disk version.<br />There is a 'B-Sides Featurette' which frankly is a shamble, as Crowe admits, although it ends in rock video style with a Stillwater sung this time by Nancy Wilson.<br />Crowe's critique of the Top 10 albums of 1973 is lamentable.  His selection is OK, even though he overlooks Pink Floyd's 'Dark Side of the Moon' and Steely Dan's 'Countdown to Ecstasy'.  But Crowe's explanation of why his top ten were such great LPs is so brief and so anodyne.  We would expect rathermore fom a regular Rolling Stone contributor.<br />Which brings us to the Lester Bangs interviews.  Despite slamming into several British bands in these clips -- Roxy Music, Jethro Tull, and ELP -- Lester was a cult figure in the UK in the 70s, through his writings for 'Sounds' and the NME.  And actually, in all his observations presented on this DVD, he gets it precisely right: Bryan Ferry was vapid, Jethro Tull never should have included a rabbit in Passion Play, and ELP were emotionally distant.<br />But ultimately this extended DVD just provides us with more justification for judging it to be a magnificent feel-good film.  There are many bits of fantastic dialogue -- e.g. &quot;Of course I'm at home.  I'm always at home.  I'm uncool.&quot; -- without getting bogged down in the argot of the day.  &quot;It's all happening&quot; is repeated several times as a signature to avoid ever having to use &quot;Far out&quot; or &quot;Way out&quot; etc.<br />Where this wins as a feel-good movie is that a lot of smiling goes on.  (If this were a movie about a British band, it would be a constant stream of sullen expressions, interrupted by the occasional knife-fight between members of the band.)<br />And I still think one of the coolest images ever is of the band and its retinue, just after the revelatory electric storm, walking towards the camera in the tunnel at the airport terminal.  The lead singer, who looks like a cross between Free's Paul Rodgers and Roxy's Phil Manzanera, has just the right degree of disturbed swagger.  It's just so ... cool!to be a magnificent feel-good film.  There are many bits of fantastic dialogue -- e.g. &quot;Of course I'm at home.  I'm always at home.  I'm uncool.&quot; -- without getting bogged down in the argot of the day.  &quot;It's all happening&quot; is repeated several times as a signature to avoid ever having to use &quot;Far out&quot; or &quot;Way out&quot; etc.<br />Where this wins as a feel-good movie is that a lot of smiling goes on.  (If this were a movie about a British band, it would be a constant stream of sullen expressions, interrupted by the occasional knife-fight between members of the band.)<br />And I still think one of the coolest images ever is of the band and its retinue, just after the revelatory electric storm, walking towards the camera in the tunnel at the airport terminal.  The lead singer, who looks like a cross between Free's Paul Rodgers and Roxy's Phil Manzanera, has just the right degree of disturbed swagger.  It's just so ... cool!
B00008AY3L|1.0|terrible songs by a terrible songwriter. my ears bleed a little the first time i heard this. second time brain aneurysm occured. made a decision to never listen again. i am still alive. thank goodness.
B000069AUI|5.0|Coldplay, at their excellence, has once again proved that their unique style transcends time and space! Never in my life have i been obssesed with a band before, but Coldplay is not just an obsession of mine, its a lifestyle...not only is chris martin's modest nature of his songs one of the most appealing aspects of Coldplay,  they are responsible for countless numbers of organizations that have helped aid impoverished nations over the globe. Coldplay is a triumph!  Their pure genius in song writing and composing will forever remain an integral part of music.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|You can see the power that's supposed to exist, but it never actually gets there.  There's too much focus on the surroundings to emaphasize the situations.  The situations should've been the source. Bill murray rocks, but nothing else really does, at least not the way in which this movie's promoted.  Too bad.
B00005Q4CS|1.0|I watched Pi at least 5 times and loved it. Even though Pi is more of a low budget student film, it is visually interesting, clever, and SINCERE.  But this one, just plain bad.  I don't know what is the filmmaker trying to prove here...maybe he was a good film student and knows all the cheap camera tricks?  Mr. Director, why do you have to copy Scorsese or some other filmmakers' shots over and over again?  Where are your originality and guts?  You can fool the world but not yourself man!
0156027321|5.0|Life of Pi is the kind of book that makes you yearn for more. As you flip through each page...the excitement that Martel builds carrys on and elevates till the last word of the book.<br />Life of Pi is about an Indian boy who discovers the will to survive when he found himself on a lifeboat for more than six months in the Pacific Ocean when the ship that was carrying his family and zoo animals (which his family was transporting to Canada) sinks. <br />A story of truth, religion, life, and hope!! Very eccentric indeed!<br />Pi's story, believable and yet so strange captures you because he tells you about a few animals on the lifeboat which survived with him. But at the end he tells a different story which leaves you thinking...which one is real? The story with the animals or humans? Indeed you must read and find out for yourself!!<br />One of the best books I've read, thus far!!<br />Happy Reading!!<BR>=)
B00006F83Y|5.0|yeah, this is my new favorite band. I javen't heard such good music, it ranks 101 on a scale of 10, IT IS INCREDIBLE.<br />1. You think I ain't worth a dime, but I feel like a millionaire-  Amazing guitar riffs. Josh's voice blends perfectly with the roaring guitars 5/5<BR>2. No one knows- one of the best crafted songs ever made, first hit, and the video is AWESOME. 5/5<BR>3. First it giveth- beutiful music, the guitars (no matter how many they are in this song) are melodious. 5/5<BR>4. A song for the dead- spooky sounding song 4/5<BR>5. The Sky is fallin'- simple and easy to play but an AMAZING SONG, especially at the &quot;that has drained my life so low&quot; part, beautiful 5/5<BR>6. Six Shooter- not too fond of this one. 2/5<BR>7. Hanging tree- great 5/5<BR>8. Go with the flow- kind of poppy, but with a great guitar work 5/5<BR>9. Gonna leave you- great, exactly like Go with the flow, great 5/5<BR>10. Do it again- good 5/5<BR>11. God is on the radio- now, here's my dillemma. I love Queens of the stone age's sound, and everything about it, but this song kind of promotes a somewhat, anti-religion kind of attitude, that I don't stand for. However, this song is great, despite the lyrics. 5/5<BR>12. Another Love Song- not too fond of this 3/5<BR>13. A Song for the deaf- cool 4/5<BR>14. Mosquito Song- BEST TRACK ON THE ALBUM 5/5<br />There you have it, this album is great, buy it IMMEDIATELY
B00004RF9B|5.0|A liberal interpretation of William Shakespeare's THE TEMPEST, with a wee bit of Freudian psychology thrown into the mix, the 1956 science-fiction classic FORBIDDEN PLANET follows the crew of a United Planets Cruiser on a mission to the distant planet Altair IV, home to a once-thriving scientific colony that has been mysteriously incommunicado for some time.<br />When the cruiser reaches Altair IV, Commander John J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen) and his crew make radio contact with a Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), one of the hitherto &quot;missing&quot; colonists.  However, Morbius warns Adams to turn back, insisting that the crew will be in mortal danger if they touch down on the planet's surface. Adams orders his crew to land the ship anyway, of course, and they find that all the members of colony have perished save for three--Dr. Morbius, his curvaceous daughter Altaira (Anne Francis), and an intellectual robotic wunderkind named Robby.<br />Not satisfied with Morbius' explanation about what happened to the other colonists, Adams and his crew seek evidence that will either corroborate or discredit Morbius' story.  What they find is the remnants of the advanced alien race that inhabited the Altair IV aeons ago.  Could this hold the key that unlocks the mystery of the missing colonists?<br />Even after nearly half a century, FORBIDDEN PLANET remains both an interesting and thought-provoking film.  Not only does it offer a clever space-age interpretation of Shakespeare's THE TEMPEST, the special FX are still eye-poppingly cool, even when faced off against the CGI FX of contemporary fare.  One of the best special FX in the film is, of course, Robby the Robot.  A very expensive prop for MGM to build, Robby stands at a height of 7-and-a-half feet and weighs about 300 pounds.  He has become one of the most popular robots in the history of films and television, and as such, he has made cameo appearances in such movies as 1984's GREMLINS and 2003's LOONEY TUNES: BACK IN ACTION and on television shows like THE TWILIGHT ZONE and LOST IN SPACE.<br />In addition to Robby, the three principal human actors in FORBIDDEN PLANET also contribute to the film's success.  Leslie Nielsen is well known to film buffs as the comic star of such films as THE NAKED GUN: FROM THE FILES OF POLICE SQUAD (1988) and SPY HARD (1996).  But here he does an excellent job in a serious role as John J. Adams, the commander of the spaceship, and for modern audiences, then, there is this added treat of seeing Nielson play one of the stodgy establishment types that he is now famous for parodying.  The deep-voiced Walter Pidgeon is a masterful old-school thespian who is also a delight to watch.  Here he makes his Dr. Morbius a devilishly pompous and pendantic patriarch, and the histrionics with which he does so are perfectly suited to the character.  And finally, there's the lovely Anne Francis playing Dr. Morbius' daughter, Altaira.  While Ms. Francis does not have the same range or depth as Nielsen or Pidgeon, she takes a role that was meant to be eye-candy and makes it more than a mere cardboard cut-out.<br />So the storytelling, the FX, and the acting all combine to make FORBIDDEN PLANET a compelling film that entertains but also makes you think.  And to genre fans, that is science fiction at its best.<br />The MGM DVD is short on extras, basically offering only the theatrical trailer.  But the disc does offer the film in an anamorphic widescreen format at the film's original aspect ratio of 2.35:1, and it appears that the digital transfer was made from a copy of the print that was in excellent shape for a film so old!  For SF fans who want to add this piece of classic American cinema to their collections, the reasonable amazon.com price makes it easy!ACTION and on television shows like THE TWILIGHT ZONE and LOST IN SPACE.<br />In addition to Robby, the three principal human actors in FORBIDDEN PLANET also contribute to the film's success.  Leslie Nielsen is well known to film buffs as the comic star of such films as THE NAKED GUN: FROM THE FILES OF POLICE SQUAD (1988) and SPY HARD (1996).  But here he does an excellent job in a serious role as John J. Adams, the commander of the spaceship, and for modern audiences, then, there is this added treat of seeing Nielson play one of the stodgy establishment types that he is now famous for parodying.  The deep-voiced Walter Pidgeon is a masterful old-school thespian who is also a delight to watch.  Here he makes his Dr. Morbius a devilishly pompous and pendantic patriarch, and the histrionics with which he does so are perfectly suited to the character.  And finally, there's the lovely Anne Francis playing Dr. Morbius' daughter, Altaira.  While Ms. Francis does not have the same range or depth as Nielsen or Pidgeon, she takes a role that was meant to be eye-candy and makes it more than a mere cardboard cut-out.<br />So the storytelling, the FX, and the acting all combine to make FORBIDDEN PLANET a compelling film that entertains but also makes you think.  And to genre fans, that is science fiction at its best.<br />The MGM DVD is short on extras, basically offering only the theatrical trailer.  But the disc does offer the film in an anamorphic widescreen format at the film's original aspect ratio of 2.35:1, and it appears that the digital transfer was made from a copy of the print that was in excellent shape for a film so old!  For SF fans who want to add this piece of classic American cinema to their collections, the reasonable amazon.com price makes it easy!
0385504209|3.0|This is a good fiction book, you will read it fast as you will find dificult to put it down.  However, the emphasis should be in fiction.  It is a novel that claims that it is based in certain true facts.  Not quite so!  For an author that claims to expend long time in researching there are many unexcusable mistakes here.  For example continuously references to the Vatican actions and mentioning the Vatican as it existed throught the 20 centuries of the Church history.  The concept of the Vatican is modern, actually it came into a common concept after the unification of Italy and the loss of the Papal territories during the later part of the XIX century.  Only with the Letran Treaty signed by Musolini in the 1920s the Vatican was born as an independent state.  More properly would be to talk about the Church, the Papacy, but not the Vatican.<br />The claim that the text of gospels and the Bible were changed by Constantin is false.  As it is false that it was in the Council of Trent that the divinity of Jesus was recognized by the Church, it's also false the concept that Constantin was the one that changed the celebration of the Christian weekly observance from Saturday to Sunday... At the time the book of Revelation was written around 90s A.C.  Sunday was already called the Day of the Lord (Rev 1:10). The interpretation of the name of God as Jehova is erroneous... etc.  Too many failures for an author that claims extensive research... unless there is more sinister and personal hidden &quot;code&quot; behind those mistakes.<br />There are too many &quot;revelations&quot; made in this book that are just old unproven attacks to the Christian faith just presented under a new cover.  Hope the readers keep in mind that it is a novel and consequently it is fiction, even more when it pretends to be presenting historical facts related to actual historical figures, such as Botichelli, Da Vinci, Newton, etc. etc. but none of then proven by respected historical records.<br />As a novel it is good, however, as a non-fiction book it has no merit whatsoever. As long as the readers keep it in proper perspective there is no problem with reading it.a novel it is good, however, as a non-fiction book it has no merit whatsoever. As long as the readers keep it in proper perspective there is no problem with reading it.
B00006CXXU|4.0|this is probably xtina's best album out of all three i think. it's a lot more mature and it showed the grown up part of xtina. i bought the cd on the third day it was released. my personal fave on the album is &quot;dirrty,&quot; cuz that was the song that made me bought the cd. the reason i only gave it four star is b/c...that she could've done a little bit more better, cuz some of the songs r kinda boring and they don't really mean anything. but i still recommend this album to every1 who likes pop music. <BR>ps.xtina is a great singer
B00008LDPU|5.0|A majority of people thinks Reloaded and Revolutions' story is weak.  This is simply because a lot of plots are not there, but here, in Animatrix and in Enter the Matrix.  There are several links from here to the movies.  I wish there is a trivia for this, I can think of a bit more than a dozen.<br />Final Flight of the Osiris brings about the first level of Enter the Matrix.  It is the crew of the Osiris who sacrifice their lives to inform Zion about the machines' movement.  This one links to Reloaded and Enter the Matrix.  The CG of this episode is welly done, the coloring and character modelling are almost at the same level as Final Fantasy - the Spirit WIthin.<br />Kid's Story - This one is about the so-called self-substantiation(also refered in World Record) of Mr. Popper, who is afterwards refered as the kid in the movies.  His role in the movie is a disciple and true believer of Neo, the One, the Savior, the Massiah, Jesus.  He is often misunderstood as an extra jarjarbink-like character in the movie, but he is definitely not.  In the movies, he made references to both his own words here in this episode and another one from another episode(Beyond).  The drawing here is also significant.  It uses a draft-like style, used to represent dreams in many anime in the 60's and 70's.  Also, during the chase, characters are twisted, torn, rendered into random forms to represent chaos, irrational, unreal, imaginary, etc.<br />Detective's Story - This probably happens before the Neb crew found Neo.  This episode used a grey-scale coloring, featuring a mixture of old and new technologies.  Reminding the audience that this is the Matrix.  This also reveals the desire of human-being to know the truth(Beyond also talks about this)<br />World Record - Spoke about self-substantiation, the time-line basically happens in a few seconds, but showing the Dan's memory.  This episode shows us that those who realize the Matrix, their will and desire to be freed.  Like the Kid's Story,it twisted the character into a random shape to express the idea of chaos.<br />The Second Renaissance (Parts 1 and 2) - These two episodes refer to the birth of the matrix, also refered as the Genesis of Matrix.  It reveals many arguments exists nowadays about the development of true AI.  This issue is pretty controversial, but the brothers obviously think that AI robots also deserves respect.  This episode is a turn point of good and evil in the whole Matrix idea: it is human who started the war (the elimination of B166ER's kind) and the first side to ask for peace is the machine.<br />Program - This episode reminds us of the idea \\"Ignorance is bliss.\\"  Cypher, who betrayed the Neb, is also mentioned here.  The drawings are great and full of direction and momentum.  My favourite part is the zoom-out near the end of the episode.<br />Matriculated - This one refers to the possible of the existence of love in machine/program.  This lies a clear plot to Rama Kandra's love to Sati and Kamala in Revolutions.  This episode is the most complicated episodes in the collection.  Few of the scenes are hard to understand their purpose unless you spend time to think about it.  Anyways, this episode is the deepest of all.<br />Generally speaking, each of these episodes cannot stand alone by itself.  They are connected somehow together with the movies.  Each episode is drawn in different styles: full CG, Computer Assisted animating, hand-draft, Japanese Anime, etc.  All those who oppose Reloaded and Revolutions must see these movies and this review, for this anime is also a crucial element in the series.
B00005JMFO|5.0|IF YOU LIKE MOVIES GO AND SEE THIS ONE AND WHEN IT COMES OUT BUY IT, I KNOW I WILL
B0000AM6K2|5.0|Remember Nixon? 1972 was a terrible year. Social unrest, protests, strikes, prison-uprisings, Nixon elected again, and soon to be impeached and unemployed... Musically, however, the year faired well, so why not title an album as such? I'll bet Josh Rouse was born on that year somewhere in Nebraska- not far from a missle silo or unemployment line. 2004 is much like 1972 reincarnated. A divided nation, a corrupt President, other nations pissed at us... Pop in Josh Rouse- forget the mess.<br />One would expect a set of sober songs, but Rouse works some mojo into the set of finely produced tracks. &quot;Come Back&quot; offers the longing for light and seratonin by a suffering SADD-ist. &quot;Love Vibration&quot; shines a brassy horn section, a catchy chorus and enough pop hooks to light up a mood ring. The video does a karaoke take and early MTV video production that showcases Rouse's &quot;shoulder waggle&quot; and a spiffy baby-blue leisure suit. A real gas, baby. <BR> <BR>So, if you left your Marvin Gaye or Al Green at home, and the girl next to you is feeling warmer by the minute, pop in the Josh Rouse and forget how much 2004 can feel like 1972. Musically, that is.
B000002UDB|2.0|Similar to other Beatle releases of the 65-67 period, MMT has a few good songs, but more forgettable ones. The three notable songs on this release (Penny Lane, Strawberry Fields, and All You Need is Love) can be obtained on numerous greatest hits compilations.
B00005JM20|4.0|A fun, clean, family movie that's a must for fans of Rowan Atkinson.  Hard to find movies like this that stay clean and enjoyable all the way through.  I applaud the filmakers and the cast for making such a movie.  And who can resist Rowan's brillant physical comedy?  He's one of the best in that area.  I give it a 4 out of 5.
B00005AQE8|5.0|This is one of the most amazing albums in the whole world, and what makes it as good as it is, every thing about it. The awesome lyrics, the beats, the great flows, this is the best album in the whole world. You could just call this one 2Pac's greatest hits, amazing ryhmes this guy makes. This is a must-buy album. Anyway, when this album came out, it went platinum. Infact, 2Pac's albums before this one still went platinum, but out of all of them, this one has to be his best. Why? Beacusae most of all his very best stuff is all on this album. When the smash hit came out featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg, '2 Of Amerikaz Most Wanted' this cd was on my &quot;Buyer list&quot; which is my list that has everything that I want to buy on it. And when I got it, I found out that this was the best album evr made. Since, 2Pac is such a gifted writer, even though he is dead, &quot;Makaveli Lives On&quot; Now lets get to the review,shall we?<br />Disc: 1<br />1. Ambition Az A Ridah 4/5<br />2. All Bout U 5/5<br />3. Skandalouz  5/5<br />4. Got My Mind Made Up 5/5 <br />5. How Do U Want It 5/5<br />6. 2 Of Americaz Most Wanted  5/5   <br />7. No More Pain 5/5    <br />8. Heartz Of Men 5/5    <br />9. Life Goes On 4/5    <br />10. Only God Can Judge Me 5/5    <br />11. Tradin' War Stories 5/5   <br />12. California Love (Remix) 5/5    <br />13. I Ain't Mad At Cha 5/5    <br />14. What'z Ya Phone #  5/5 <br />Disk 2:<br />1. Can't C Me 5/5     <br />2. Shorty Wanna Be A Thug  5/5   <br />3. Holla At Me  5/5   <br />4. Wonda Why They Call U 5/5     <br />5. When We Ride  5/5   <br />6. Thug Passion 5/5    <br />7. Picture Me Rollin' 5/5    <br />8. Check Out Time 5/5    <br />9. Rather Be Ya  5/5   <br />10. All Eyez On Me 5/5    <br />11. Run The Streetz  5/5   <br />12. Ain't Hard 2 Find 5/5     <br />13. Heaven Ain't Hard 2 Find 5/5<br />             cd ratings:<br />Beats: 5/5    Lyrics: 5/5     Flow: 5/5 Overall cd rating:5/5<BR>  
B00005JMTN|3.0|The one characteristic Tim Burton doesn't lack is creativity. Each one of the contemporary auteur's films has a distinctive visual style. In 'PeeWee's Great Adventure' huge bicycles roamed a wondrously colorful city. In 'Beetlejuice' it was the protagonist, as well as the striped snakes and the world of the dead, that dominated the screen with gushing energy. The original 'Batman''s Gotham City never looked better - The Joker', and the sequel's Catwoman and Mr. Penguin remain much more efficiently realized than the following duds (Robin, Mr. Freeze, Two-Face, so on...) 'Edward Scissorhands', 'Ed Wood', 'Mars Attacks', 'Sleepy Hollow', even 'The Planet of the Apes' - all of Tim Burton's films have an underlying creepiness to them, a little something that is both fascinating and disturbing. <BR> 'Big Fish' is Tim Burton holding his horses. His readiness for full-throttle visual attacks seems a bit strained. Sentiment runs through the film, as does the sappy soundtrack from the usually-stellar Burton mate Danny Elfman, and cultimates in a stretched out final act, which works in the context of the film's dramatical narration, but might disappoint fans expecting 100% Burton. <BR> The performances are all decent. Albert Finney (who saved 'Erin Brockovich' from utter boredom) plays a dying man who neglects the world's cruel reality and immerses himself into his imaginary world, full of idealized fantasies. Certain elements are added to truth, and when his son (Billy Crudup - 'Jesus' Son')shows up with his wife, he wants to hear the real story of his father's life, without the lies.<BR> Fact is, they are not lies, they are enhanced events. The man reminisces about his young days, the film transporting us to Ewan MacGregor as the young version of the man, on his quest to conquer the world. On the way he (and a giant, don't ask) fights off jumping spiders, flees from a way-too-perfect town, encounters the girl of his dreams, works in a circus, fights in the war....so on and so on.<BR> The running theme through the movie is reaching one's ambition. As it chronicles the old man's life though through his eyes, we as the audience forget the real world and get immersed into his story. Then Burton annoyingly brings us back to the real world and reminds us it's just this man's rant. So okay, the guy can't handle reality, but why should we care enough to be engulfed in his dreams?<BR> Because in his dreams is when Tim Burton unleashes his magic and brings to life the sub-concious fierce freakiness of images, bringing to mind Edward in 'Edward Scissorhands' cutting his face with his metal fingers. The giant, a werewolf, asian siamese singers, a bloody mouth in a sea of yellow tulips...The images are dazzling indeed, but get rudely taken away every once in a while to display the gloominess and monotony of our society.<BR> Albert Finney holds those bits together well. His character barely moves, strapped to his deathbed, but there is a sparkle in his eye, and the internal knowledge that his stories aren't true but kept him going damn fine. Ewan MacGregor is solid, if not resembling the 'older version' at all. Billy Crudup is always reliable, but is underused here in a slightly underwritten part. <BR> Startling images and solid acting prevent 'Big Fish' from slipping into Hollywood schmaltz. It isn't subtle, the messages are hammered into your head, and the ending is stretched out, but it will keep your entertained nevertheless, perhaps with a little twinge of disappointment in the great director.
0451191153|5.0|The man, Howard Roark, is not just the hero of the book, but he is the embodiment of who we all are, probably, when we begin on life's journey.  This is not just a statement of individualism.  I could paint my hair green and carry a toaster with me everywhere I went if I wanted to be an individual.  It is about integrity.  It is about not being able to be moved, by anyone's might or power, not even your own.  It is about doing what's right, regardless of who opposes.  <BR>THIS BOOK IS NOT A LOVE STORY, though that aspect of the story makes it more bearable and interesting.  Furthermore, to clarify the misjudgements about Dominique's character, she does not like masochism.  She gives herself to these men she doesn't love as an act of punishment to herself and comtemptment spawned from her own acceptance of things she knows to be wrong.  She has left her first and true love:  integrity.  That is why she enjoys being mistreated.  That is also why she loves Howard Roark.  It's also why she tries to destroy him, because his work is not fit to be viewed by a public who doesn't appreciate the majesty and perfection in it.  His work is a glorification of life and the elements we are to sustain life with.  Other people in the story try to pervert it, and destroy it with non-appreciation.  This is what Dominique tries to protect him from by trying to destroy his career as an architect.  <BR>Howard Roark is someone we all wish to be, and Gail Wynand is someone most of us have probably turned into.  This book gives you courage to be who you want, but more importantly, who you CAN be.  Roark was not crazy about eating in soup kitchens, but he did it in spite of a desire he might have had to be wealthy.  He did it because he wanted to be Righteous more than he wanted a full stomach.  Being righteous is just more glorified than being rich.  (Wonderfully, he gets both as he deserves.)  You could say that he exhibits the same personality trait of Joan of Arc.  Living was not worth his life, if he wasn't true.  What an ideal and beautiful way to exist!  Which was also the reason he was so passionately hated, as some hate this book.
B000089J0R|3.0|I thought that this CD would be new and refreshing after reading previous reviews. What I found was an attempt to be different but the results do not stand out. The way this band is different is the speed at which they play some of the songs - an all out break-neck pace on some but overall not that great re quality. I think there are too many power/progressive bands that simply don't measure up and this is a good example. Some nice melodies but not enough substance, 3 stars for trying.
B000007T1M|5.0|I don't really like a lot of nu-metal like Korn and Powerman 5000 &amp; Slipknot &amp; etc... I find it bland, repetitive, and annoying... however this cd is an exception.... I don't like System's new stuff though- &quot;Toxcitity&quot; is still a good album even though I hate that &quot;Chop Suey&quot; song... that song always made me think of System as another annoying nu-metal band...<br />this cd is from back around 1998 or so, before anyone really knew who they were... just as with Cold,, one bad radio hit made them become total fluff... (back in '98 when Cold first came out, nobody knew who they were, &quot;Stupid Girl&quot; comes out, down they go....)<br />Whether you like nu-metal or not you should definitley give this album a try.. it's really good.. and like I said, &quot;Toxcitity&quot; is good too,, but I just hate &quot;Chop Suey&quot;, that song is so annoying
0385507755|5.0|There are distinct elements of Running With Scissors, Dry, and My Fractured Life that erupt from the pages of A Million Little Pieces. All are exceptional books and compliment Frey well. Ultimately what makes Frey's A Million Little Pieces different is its straightforwardness. In My Fractured Life, Rikki Lee Travolta literally mirrors the nightmarish working of an addict's brain. In Running With Scissors and Dry, Augusten Burroughs tempers the stains of addiction with comical musings. In A Million Little Pieces, Frey drills the story home without flinching despite the gore and pain. His words are determined and with a self-loathing honesty that makes them addictive to read. In terms of comparison, Frey takes a slightly different road of delivery with A Million Little Pieces, but the end product is as richly rewarding as My Fractured Life, Running With Scissors, and Dry.
B00013PHGS|4.0|Third album (excluding soundtracks) from French duo who blend acoustic instrumentation and electronics. This album is <BR>a return to the sound of their classic 1998 debut Moon Safari, <BR>which is widely regarded as the record that launched a thousand <BR>chill-out compilations. But Moon Safari, not only chilled, it <BR>also provided upbeat breezy pop numbers like \\"Sexy Boy\\" and<BR>\\"Kelly Watch The Stars.\\"  That's why their follow up, <BR>2001's 10,000 hz Legend puzzled so many people, with it's <BR>dark, dour, artificial vibe. That kind of left turn doesn't bother folks at college radio, but the masses were clearly <BR>disappointed. So here is a fine, mostly relaxing, very easy record to listen to. If you like the more upbeat, poppy Air, \\"Surfing on a Rocket\\" is your track; the rest is a good, downbeat soundtrack to your next hanging-out session. \\"Universal Traveller\\" is the album's best track.
6305508550|5.0|This film is one of the funniest I have ever seen, and all my friends of all ages who see it for the first time are amazed that they have never heard of it since it is so well-done, so believable, so well-acted, so understated, and so funny from beginning to end... I have not met anyone yet who did not think it was one of the best comedies they have ever seen.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This was a pure impulse buy based on an Amazon suggestion when I bought something else.  I love science fiction but love good writing even more.  Never heard of this show when on Fox, never watched the Buffy stuff so I was totally taken aback by the incredible quality of the Firefly shows.  The character development, the acting and the dialogue are amazing.  I popped Disc One into the DVD player one boring Sunday evening and ended up going to sleep at 3am.  Work disrupted things so I had to finish on Monday night.  Now I am watching the whole set over again to catch the great lines and nuances that I missed the first time.  May even go right back to it a third time.  It is that good. You will NOT be sorry if you just order this with no background on Firefly.  Finding these little gold nuggets are what makes life so much fun.  I am even ordering the Buffy DVDs.  If this guy is this good, I have to check out his other stuff.  Whedon is someone to keep your eye on.  He has some serious talent.
B000002C1V|5.0|I think &quot;The Final Cut&quot; Is the most interesting of all the Floyd albums nothing gets me more in tuned with what Floyd is really about and that includes Roger Waters. I play this cd over and over in my car and cant get enough of the impressive outlook of Roger Waters mind numbing thoughts about War, Madness, and the Disssolusionment of Life. He is by far the most creative yet underated songwriter. Alot of people think that this piece of genious is rubbish compared to DSOTM,and other Titles. I would have this album on my top 5 as long as I live.
B000067CPX|5.0|Another great CD by the Chili Peppers. They have a good mix of songs on here. Some of the stuff sounds like Californication, while some of the songs even sound a bit like Blood Sugar Sex Majik (yay!). By the Way has a very catchy loud/ soft dynamic to it. Can't Stop has an awesome baseline to start the song. Cabron and Tear are very good as well. While this album is nothing truely ground breaking for the Peppers', it is still a very enjoyable listen. It's good to see that there is still some good new rock music to be found these days.
0385504209|5.0|I have literally read thousands of books in my time, and this is up there in the top ten. I fail to comprehend how people could dislike this book. I could not put it down - I carried it everywhere with me until I finished it!  I thought that after Angels and Demons, which was also unbelievable, that I would be a bit disappointed with this book. Not so! The historical take is so fascinating, whether or not you agree with his premises.  The amount of research that went into this book is truly mindboggling. You actually learn as you are enjoying this thrilling read. I am in no way anti-Catholic, as some reviewers have suggested of those who love the book. I am just an individual who is able to enjoy a book for what it is worth. It is not the Holy Grail, but it is a truly amazing read! You will NOT be disappointed.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Although there are 500+ reviews already, I have to add my voice to the chorus of 'Bring Firefly back!!' I bought this set last Saturday knowing nothing about it. I don't watch television - hate the commercials. So I catch up with series in these sets. Since I am a fan of SG-1, I thought I'd take a chance on this piece. Wow! Was I surprised!! I loved every single character - the John Wayne captain who does surprise you every once in a while (which I found oddly satisfying). The Kitty (from Gunsmoke, for you youngsters) with the heart of gold. The doctor and his weird sister (what is her story??) The preacher man, the odd couple - warrior and pilot, the mechanic you are always rooting for. And, finally, the semi-bad guy, who's kept in check only by the captain. I loved the humor, the sets, the pyrotechnics, the great bad guys. I watched it straight through and will definitely keep this one. <br />It's way better than Andromeda, and even Farscape. I liked the absence of aliens who get tiring after a while (the fuzzy bear on Andromeda is case in point). I liked the 'rimworld' feel of being out there like the old wild west, which is a likely scenario if we ever get off this rock.<BR> <BR>Fox is out of their mind to cancel this show. The money they'd make in selling the series later would more than cover their time-shares in Bimini.
B000060P79|5.0|Yeah, this is pop-punk. If you don't like that genre, why bother even writing a review? No one really cares. Obviously if people don't like pop-punk they're gonna stay away from bands like Simple Plan.<BR>Now, I quite like this CD. It has been said that a lot of the songs sound the same, and yeah, I guess some of them do, but they're better some of the other schlock you find out there. It's a clean CD - they don't sing about sex or drugs or booze or even swear. To me, I like that. I like that they don't have to sing about that stuff to get people to listen to them.<BR>I'm gonna go through each song and rate them. *Nods*<BR>1) I'd Do Anything - 8/10 - This song is quite nice. It's got pretty good lyrics, but most of us have tired of it. The reason? Extreme over playage on the radio. If you've never heard this song before, it's really good, but don't listen to it over and over. You'll get sick of it. Trust me. It's a sweet (not sweet as in 'like, totally sweet' but in the romantic nice kind of sweet) song.<BR>Best Lyric: \\"Another day is going by, I'm thinking about you all the time, but you're out there and I'm here waiting. And I wrote this letter in my head, cause so many things were left unsaid.\\"<BR>2) The Worst Day Ever - 9/10 Believe me, this song is great to listen to when you're pissed off and having a bad day. Lol. It captures the feeling you have when everything just seems bad and it just keeps going on and on. It's upbeat music too, not slow and depressing. <BR>Best Lyric: \\"Yesterday was the worst day ever, and tomorrow won't be better, its history repeating on and on.\\"<BR>3) You Don't Mean Anything To Me - 7/10. This song was good, kind of in a stand up for yourself way, and a you-dont-have-to-take-this kinda way. Well I thought it was okay, not the bestest song. Pretty upbeat still. I like the lyrics=)<BR>Best Lyric: \\"Maybe I'm just not good enough for you. And maybe I just don't wanna be like you.\\"<BR>4) I'm Just A Kid - 10/10 - I love this song. Lol. I'mnot an outcast, but I think everyone can relate. Perfect lyrics. I think I like the fact that everyone can relate to all their songs/lyrics best about them. The music accompaniment to this is pretty good, it doesn't sound like any of their other songs. The lyrical part is pretty good too. Nice.<BR>Best Lyric: \\"What the hell is wrong with me? Don't fit in with anybody. How did this happen to me?\\"<BR>5) When I'm With You - 10/10 - One of the best songs on this CD. It's really sweet and upbeat. The beats nice. I love the lyrics:) It's a nice song. Pretty long.<BR>Best Lyrics: \\"I wanna feel the way you make me feel when I'm with you. I wanna be the only hand you need to hold on too. But every time I call you don't have time. I guess I'll never get to call you mine.\\"<BR>6) Meet You There - 7.5/10. Not a great song, not a bad song. Nothing really stood out about it in my mind.<BR>Best Lyric: \\"I wish I could have told you, the words I kep inside, but now I gues it's just too late.\\"<BR>7) Addicted - 10/10 - I think this should have been called Heartbreaker, but its one of my fave songs anyways. It's got a great beat, great lyrics, very heartfelt.<BR>Best Lyric: \\"I'm trying, to forget, that I'm addicted to you. But I want it, and I need it, I'm addicted to you! Now it's over. Can't forget what you said. And I never wanna do this again. <b>Heartbreaker</b><BR>8) My Alien - 7/10 - Meh. Interesting song.<BR>9) God Must Hate me - 8/10. I'm tired of reviewing so the rest will be quick. Its kind of complaining song, but kinda jokey. MIght offend Christian peoples.<BR>10) I won't be there - complaining about parents. you can def relate.<BR>11) One Day - good lyrics, complainging about parents. <BR>12) Perfect - my fave song. the reason i bought this cd. enough said. you've all heard it.
B0000BWVCM|4.0|Although I haven't yet seen the added features, I think this was Summer 2003's best movie... it had great fight scenes (that actually meant something to the plot, unlike say, Matrix reloaded) and great character development.  Excellent work, can't wait for the next one!
B00015HVI8|5.0|Another great Season of Stargate SG-1.  If you are here, then I don't have to tell you that!  I always search everywhere on the internet and try to get some advance notice about DVD releases.  As with the prior seasons, the format is Widescreen anamorphic - 1.78:1 and the audio is Dolby Digital 5.1. Disappointingly, MGM's site had very little information.  I especially wanted to find out what the \\"Director Series\\" is in the extras.  I could not find out too much.   Only one website had this description:  The Director Series features give insight into the working day of the director on issues such as script development, prop and set creation.  <br />Here is an episode guide, with a tiny description.<br />1. Redemption - Part 1:  The Stargate malfunctions and threatens to destroy all life on Earth.<br />2. Redemption - Part 2:  Teal'c and Ryac decide to destroy the weapon that has turned the Stargate into a bomb.  <br />3. Descent:  After being ambushed, Carter and an SG-1 team crash into the Pacific Ocean.<br />4. Frozen:   A woman who has been frozen for thousands of years is thawed and returns to life, infecting the others with a deadly virus.<br />5. Nightwalkers:  Immunitech is implanting Gou'ald symbiotes into the citizens of an Oregon town.<br />6. Abyss:  Jack is captured and tortured by  the Gou'ald.  Daniel Jackson's ghost returns to help him.<br />7. Shadowplay:  The Kelownans, who are from Jonas's home planet, negotiate for Earth's superior military technology.  Dr. Kieran, a Kelownan scientist, tells Jonas that he is part of a resistance movement trying to save the planet. <br />8. The Other Guys: Felger and Coombs try to rescue an SG-1 team, who was taken captive by the Gou'ald.<br />9. Allegiance:   Artok is suspected of Ocker's murder, and then is murdered himself.<br />10. Cure: The Pangerans offer to trade the secret of a miracle drug for instruction in how to use a gate.  However, there is a problem with the drug.<br />11. Prometheus - Part 1:  Operatives posing as camera crew hijack a new spacecraft that combines human with alien technology.<br />12.  Unnatural Selection - Part 2:  Replicators have overrun an Asgard world and created a time distortion there.<br />13. Sight Unseen:  An ancient artifact from another planet is responsible for the spread of a contagious \\"disease\\" on Earth.<br />14. Smoke and Mirrors:  Senator Kinsey is assassinated by a man who looks like Colonel Jack O'Neill.<br />15. Paradise  Lost:  Colonel Maybourne and Colonel O'Neill end up on a planet that Maybourne says is a secret alien paradise.<br />16. Metamorphosis:  Gou'ald queen, Nirrti, may be creating a race of super human warriors through the manipulation of DNA.<br />17. Disclosure:  The  U.S. and  Russia disclose the existence of Stargate to the United Kingdom, France, and China.<br />18. Forsaken:  SG-1 finds three human survivors on another planet that are under attack, seemingly without a reason.<br />19. The Changeling:  Teal'c believes  he has lost his symbiote.<br />20. Memento:  The SG-1 team hear of a mythical Stargate on an inhabited planet.<br />21. Prophecy:  The citizens of an alien planet believe that the SG-1 team have arrived to fulfill an ancient prophecy to free them from tyranny.<br />22. Full  Circle:  The ghost of Daniel Jackson tells O'neill that Anubis is scheming to steal the Eye of Ra.
0805062971|5.0|This is a great book, which I assume you are reading because of the movie... if not, then you should definitely pick it up, and then see the movie.  If you have seen the movie first, you will still enjoy the book, which is not exactly the same, and is definitely worth exploring in its own right.<br /><br />It might be heretical to some to say that the movie was better, but I think the movie is better, due to an incredibly talented screenwriter, and David Fincher's direction, each of which GOT the story and added subtle nuances that just enhance the themes of the book.<br /><br />I highly recommend it, as well as Palahniuk's other works.
B0001906O0|5.0|The wait is finally over. All of us die-hard Cure fans now have the b-sides, 4 discs of them. I've been waiting for this since 1987 myself. Of course this isn't just b-sides, it's also remixes, different versions, soundtrack and compilation selections, AND unreleased songs. 70 tracks in all! Included is \\"Babble\\" from the \\"Fascination Street\\" single, the \\"Love Song\\" b-side \\"2 Late\\", \\"Harold And Joe\\" from the \\"Never Enough\\" single, \\"Burn\\" from \\"The Crow\\" soundtrack, and every b-side from the \\"Staring At The Sea\\" cassette. Plus covers of Jimi Hendrix, Depeche Mode, David Bowie, and The Doors. Oh, and about 3 more discs worth of stuff. An amazing 23 years of songs. It's quite simply the fanatics dream come true, and worth it even for just the first two discs. This gets 5 stars for quality, and quantity. Casual fans might just want any of their 3 single disc collections, but for the die-hards, this one is \\"Just Like Heaven\\".
B0000AXE8I|1.0|ALL I CAN SAY IS WHAT A WASTE OF A GOOD BEGINING . DON'T BUY IT, DON'T RENT IT. JUST GO GET THE FIRST MOVIE AND ENJOY.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|It is fresh, catchy, and unique. A short disc at only 40 minutes, but well worth the money.
B00005JM02|3.0|This movie is GOOD NOT GREAT as far as children movies go,it does have a few slow moments.<br />It is something that older children may enjoy. BUT THANK YOU  Ellen DeGeneres without you this movie would be lacking BIG TIME.
B00005JLEX|2.0|I've been a fan since 1995 after I moved out to go to college, living on my own and looking for something to keep me company and I don't know how I would've ever survived! Let's keep the memories alive with DVD's OK? I really NEED those lessons I didn't learn in college about how to be the most annoying, biggest complainer and best griper around! And by the way I expect those DVD's to have an outtakes reel, commentaries, behind the scenes, a Seinfeld quiz to see which character is most like you, a day on the set of...
B00006RU5B|5.0|This is great, hard to put into words how I feel about this CD. From it's great vocals (Chris Cornell) to it's awesome guitar(Tom Morello) for a modern rock band, this is a great CD. They remind me mostly of Rage Against the Machine and Soundgarden because well, that's where the band members came from. WOW!
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Nothing prepares you for the jolt to the heart this film gives you!<br />Bill Murray in this film is where comedians like Jim Carrey aspire to be but just don't have the years of life behind them to make such a role work. Murray does and this movie is his.<br />Scarlett Johansson is a revelation, too. She presents a complicated woman trapped in a world much like Alice in Wonderland; she's trying to find her way out of the rabbit hole. Along comes Bill Murray's Bob and together they plot a joint escape.<br />This movie stays in your heart long after the credits roll. Sophia Coppola if THE writer/director to watch!
0783225881|4.0|Baseball is great, but you don't have to think that He invented baseball, and that everything good is because of baseball and that everything bad is because of not enough baseball to enjoy this movie.  The pacing is perfect, the colors and shots are unrushed and nicely framed, and the actors are perfectly cast.  There are many special moments in this film, but two of my favorite always bring a tear to my eye.  The first is when Burt Lancaster's character saves Ray's daughter, at great sacrifice to himself.  That always gets me.  The second, big surprise, is when Ray has his catch at the end of the movie.  Man, that was done just right.  Could easily have been maudlin, but instead had the sense of relief, thankfulness, and love that was just perfect.  This movie is aging well.  So a few of the baseball speeches are over the top, it's a minor point for such a warm and good movie.
B000002UDB|4.0|Semi-obscure release from the Fabs, which falls into the &quot;not-quite-a-proper-album&quot; category (half film score, half hits package). Includes some of their most avant-garde, and brilliantly realised, material (&quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, &quot;Baby You're A Rich Man&quot;, &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot;) alongside more pop-oriented, and equally great, songs such as &quot;Penny Lane&quot; and &quot;The Fool On The Hill&quot;. <br />Production throughout is outstanding. The remastering is clear and highlights the studio artistry of the group, particularly on &quot;Walrus&quot; and George's haunting tale of missing friends, &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot;.<br />The accompanying film is a real curio of the psychedelic 60s, and probably shouldn't have been released. The music makes up for its amateurishness however, and any album containing &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;I Am The Walrus&quot; is a definite must-have for any Beatles fan.<br />Minor point: If you can, get a vinyl version of &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; which contains a comprehensive, and colourful, pictorial of the film. Worth the price!
B0000029GA|1.0|This album is good but it is not true. Nas just steals Cormega's life stories.
B000001ELR|5.0|IM A FAIRLY NEW KISS FAN,I FIRST BOUGHT \\"THE VERY BEST OF\\" THAT WAS A MISTAKE!IT WAS A WHILE AFTER,AND I WAS AT BLUEFEILD,TENNESSEE AND I BOUGHT \\"CRAZY CRAZY NIGHTS\\"AND THIS BOTH WERE GREAT,BUT THIS BLEW ME AWAY.I LOVE ALL OF THE SONGS,THEY ARE A LITTLE DARKER THAN OTHER KISS ALBUMS BEFORE.ALTHOUGH ACE,AND PETER ARE NOT ON THIS VINNIE,AND ERIC DO AN EQUAL PERFORMANCE.ERIC CARR IS MY 2ND FAVORITE DRUMMER EVER(BEHIND AC/DCS PHIL RUDD)!THIS IS AN AWESOME ALBUM!
B000056VIY|5.0|I Buy this cd last year and i not stop to listening!<BR>Is great!<BR>I Guess ``This Is Me... Then`` best but ``J.Lo`` is perfect too!<BR>J.Lo surprise me every day
B00009L1OB|4.0|I borrowed this cd on Turku main library and listened it. Maybe I will this album someday because its so good and I will never stop buying cds because also artists need to money for living. There are many excelent tracks for exemple New Moon on Monday, which makes me smile,a perfect ending track Seventh Stranger and an outstanding Of Crime and Passion that has marvelous chorus part. Duran Duran's first number one single in the UK is not favourite because it has a very irritating bridge part(Whyyy don't you use it. It's no time to lose it...) Cracks in the Pavement and I Take the Dice are ok songs but too simply and booring for me. Union of the Snake and Shadows on Your Side are also terrific and strong songs that shows Duran Duran's musical skills and intelligence. Unfortunately, this album was their last new wave pop album and after Seven and the Ragged Tiger Duran Duran made only two big hits on the 80s( Wild Boys and A View to a Kill). All in all, I enjoy this album and hope that you like this also.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|J.Lo is great and this album too!<BR>Thanks Jennifer<BR>I Love You!
B00005ASHM|5.0|*Pet Sounds* is a record that does not demand exposition: for the most part, if you need to know about it you already knew about it, and perhaps it is also a cultural product which does not improve upon closer inspection (I am not now nor have I ever been in possession of the box set edition, and frankly the similar release for *Fun House* intrigues me more).  But as such it is still something of a boundary marker for first-line popular culture, and although it has had its periods of veneration its reputation actually may not outlast its original audience.  It's frequently debated whether this is a better record that *Sgt. Pepper*, but quite rarely mentioned that to a very great extent *this was the Beatles' idea*: Wilson's use of Phil Spector's &quot;Wrecking Crew&quot; to make a singular record (with enough input from others, as Tony Asher's slightly listing vocals make clear) really set the stage, not for &quot;true wizards and stars&quot;, but for moment-defining records not *advertising* their &quot;superproductivity&quot;.  And although *a lot* of people got ideas from this record, its speaks to its cultural function that most would be not at all inclined to hold this against it as an entertainment and somewhat against the present that such &quot;popular sublimity&quot; is rather definitely not allowed.
B00009W0WM|3.0|The movie itself is outstanding and well worth preserving on a DVD. I'm glad I have it on DVD.  This special edition DVD at mega extra cost isn't worth it, though. Consider just getting the movie if you're interested. <br />The movie on my extra-cost Special Edition version  opens with sound &quot;pops&quot; and other audio distortions that finally settles down for a good show.<br />But the major disappointment to me, and a major reason for buying this $19 &quot;special edition&quot; was the heavily billed Buggs Bunny parody cartoon as a major reason for buying this expensive release of a B&amp;W movie.<br />This cartoon stank; its not from the period or even close afterwards when the movie was made.  Mel Blanc (the voice of just about all Warner Brothers cartoon characters)  isn't included in the massive credits of the originators. None of the characters seemed &quot;real&quot; based on the voices that we're used to hearing.   Seems to me this is just some hype they created to push a B&amp;W film at a premium<br />I already have Casablanca on VHS.  I feel cheated on this over-priced DVD.  If you can get a Casablanca DVD at around half the cost without the extra bilge, go for it!<br />George in Texas
B00009TB5G|5.0|Watching The Two Towers after having just read the book makes me all the more aware of how much Peter Jackson has adhered to the book.  True there are differences, but that is to be expected - for instance, the battle for Helm's Deep is not treated with as much emphasis in the book, but that is an understandable choice for making an exciting movie.<br />The thing that most impresses me in this movie is Gollum.  He could have easily turned into the Jar-Jar of the LOTR movies but he manages to be actually likeable.  He is almost a perfect realization of his character from the book, right down to his voice (notice how he coughs \\"Gollum\\").  We can understand why Frodo pities him because we pity him as well.  If it wasn't for the Ring, he'd be happy enough catching fish.  The Ents also are very well realized.  Watching Treebeard carry Merry and Pippin, I felt that I was getting a preview of what Jackson intends to do with the remake of King Kong.<br />The DVD also has the prerequisite \\"making of\\" documentaries.  It also has a short film directed by Sean Astin during his down time.  It is worth watching because, rumor has it that Astin is turning his talents to directing now and is in negotiations to film the movie version of The Fantastic Four.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|First off: Dont buy this movie, dont rent this movie, dont watch this movie. <br />There are many things better to do with your time, i.e. sleep. This is just an attempt at an artsy movie that is about nothing and everything, all centered around the sexual tensions between a sorry washed up actor and a post blissfully-married young girl (she likes prancing around with no pants, and the director likes taping her while she does it. so pointless.) <br />It has no redeeming value. DONT WATCH IT!
0156907399|1.0|This book is quite possibly the worst book I have ever read.<br />If you ever took a literature class in college you will remember that there are a variety of ways to critique a book.  Most classifications include basing your critique on how well the work teaches true principles, the form of the work, the background and ambience of the work and the author, and how well the work stands the test of time.  This work fails abysmally in all of these areas.<br />First of all this is a book about nothing and nothing happens.  There is no plot and the author does not say anything worth thinking about or reading twice to get the meaning.  Some critics claim that this is why the book is so good.  Some even claim that Woolf is trying to say something about hum-drum life, family structure and even, absurdly, male and female roles.  Don't believe it! Don't waste your time reading this.<br />Secondly, this book has no form, no climax, no denouement, no nothing.  I suppose you could say that this means the form is that literary word used to describe books that make you want to commit suicide when they are assigned in an English course taught by some spinster Lesbian - stream-of-consciousness.  Well there's no stream and no character in the book is conscious.  Obviously the author did carefully construct the inner and external dialogues so it is emphatically not stream-of-consciousness.  Read Joyce and then this garbage and you will see the difference.<br />Thirdly, there is no point looking into the life and ambience of the author and period of writing if this is the best book she wrote.  (And it is generally considered the best book she wrote)<br />Lastly, this book fails the test-of-time standard.  It is becoming more and more irrelevant.<br />Now you may ask why did I read this then?  Because it was assigned reading.  This book is the written equivalent of strychnine.  Every page is so utterly bereft of anything of value that your mind and intellect writhe in agony as you force your abused eyes to read the next sentence.  Be kind to yourself and tell your literature teacher you would prefer self-immolation to having to read this.ce your abused eyes to read the next sentence.  Be kind to yourself and tell your literature teacher you would prefer self-immolation to having to read this.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|This CD is hot and amazing! And to whoever said that she's just moaning all the time, what's wrong with that? You need style to do that as well.And she isn't moaning in all her songs. There's  Toxic, Shadow, Brave new girl and Everytime. There's a big vareity of music in here. There's pure pop, hiphop, r&b and a couple of the old type Britney songs in this CD. This is for any music fan (except rock fans) unlike her previous CDs to which only bubblegum pop and ballad fans could listen to.<BR>I wrote a review here a month ago and gave this CD only one star. I'm sorry about that and I have to admit I hadn't listened to the CD either. This is exactly the problem Britney Spears undergoes. She has a terrible voice and yet she sells so much more than Christina or any other female artist. So people use the excuse that she's a sex symbol and talentless thing. Believe me, she's talented. Her tunes are different (yes, even in her previous albums the tunes were so different from anything out there) and very good and creative. Creativity comes before the voice part for an artist and Britney is one of the most creative artists out there. A lot of people have good voices but true creativity is a rare thing. Let's see one of those one-star reviewers come up with a good tune...<BR>People ought to give her a chance. They're just jealous of her success. I was also an antifan until I listened to this CD which paved way for me to give her old CDs a try too. Her tunes are good, she's a great entertainer and she's got great beats. Is the voice that important now??
B000002H33|5.0|Although not a breakthrough album (that title goes to Ride the Lightning), Master of Puppets remains Metallicas defining album.  In many respects, MOP is the greatest metal album of all time.  From Hammet's feverish riffs to Ulrich's ferociousness and finall to Cliff Burton's unparalelled mastery of the bass guitar, Metallica's MOP is the work of a drunken ensemble at their prime.  Unfortunately albums went downhill from MOP, as they released strong efforts in ...And Justice for All and self titled-- both of which had no comparison to the musical beauty that they captured on this 1986 masterpiece.
B00005JM02|2.0|THIS MOVIE IS CLEARLY FOR KIDS. WHY DA HELL DO THESE NO LIFE PARENTS ALWAYS HAVE TO COMMENT ON THESE KIDDIE MOVIES! GET A LIFE AND GO WATCH SUM RATED MOVIES! aND PERSONALLY I DON KNO WHY THIS MOVIE WAS SO HYPED UP. IT WASNT DAT FUNNY. THERES KIDS IN SHELTERS DAT CULD USE UR MONEY, DONT WASTE IN ON DIS MOVIE
0780020685|5.0|is perhaps beeing honest to yourself and to others. <BR>Not seeing any materialistic purpose to your existence, because the existence itself is only a vivid moment. Though it's the moment that can include such colorful feelings as love, hate and friendship.<BR>What I want to say here is that if Kurosawa's way of filmmaking is surpassed today by someone I would really go to see this very person myself. The camerawork, actors and mass scenes are greatly composed into the one of the greatest films in history. I would rather not start an endless sonversation about how different cultures are and that eastern way of thinking is opposite to western. That is already known. But he had kind of smart way to get even closer to western audience then to eastern audience. So we could call him sort of revolutionary director.<BR>His breakthrough film was Rashomon (1950), till the time of Rhapsody in August (91) and all the movies he made were remarkable. Still it is clear that his strongest period was between 1950 - 1962. After shaky times he had he made a comeback with Kagemusha (80), also a good samurai movie.<BR>What we have here in Seven Samurai is a true meaning of life. True feelings of farmers and their helplesness to do anything against brutal force. But the hunger for life keeps them thinkinig the new survival ways and the thought of hireing samurais is good, previous cases had shown that it pays well. Instead of one or two they get seven and every one of them is different, from swordmaster to brave youngster. <BR>To be short - see it because it is a predecessor of modern action films, only but there are no wires.
6305291446|4.0|I hadn't seen any other Halloween besides 1 and 2 when I saw this and if my review had happened a month ago I would have a different opinion. Laurie Strode acts as if she only had one child. For some of us who have seen the middle ones know that she had a daughter Jamie who died in the 6th film. I feel that there should have been more regard to the middle films instead of a 3 minute insult to Dr. Loomis. And Laurie must be some kind of pyscho to get out of that car to go fight Michael and even then she runs away. If anybody noticed when she told her son and his girlfriend to go to that persons house down the road that was excaltly like when she told the boy and girl she was babysitting to run down the street in the first one. I thought that was kind of cool. Anyway this movie was good and the 5th best in the series
B0000AQVCL|4.0|O.K. I wanna sort one thing out straight away. I have studied music and know for a fact that Iggy's 'Lust for life' is stolen from Bo Diddly - early r&amp;r (before the Beatles). It's called the 'Bo Diddly Beat' and it hasn't been original for 50 years. It has also been used extensively in alternative and mainstream since I could remember. So all the snotty little turds spraying their mouths off about 'Are you gonna be my girl''s likeness to Iggy...DO SOME RESEARCH!!<BR>Aaagh...that feels better. Now onto the album.<BR>As an Australian, I had been trying to dislike this band until a couple of months ago when (inevitably) I caved in. I'm glad I did. It's just really really good music. It's dirty &amp; sweet (what most had forgotten r&amp;r should be).<BR>No. Nobody is reinventing the wheel here...but I can't find anybody in the world who is.<BR>It gets 4 stars from me. It would have gotten 5 but as much as I think the album is generally faultless &amp; impeccable, the tracks 'Timothy' &amp; 'Movin on', are painful dud's and were more filler than anything else.<BR>Just listen to the album.
6305971099|4.0|I really don't know why people didn't enjoy this one. It's one thing if you never liked them for the start but I can't see why a Halloween fan wouldn't like this one. I hadn't seen Halloween 4 yet so I hadn't seen Jamie at all and I though she was mute in the first place. It was kind of confusing when she would see Michael because nobody knew if it was a dream or if he was really there. One thing stupid was that they left Jamie in a room with a cop who was so dumb he didn't have enough sense to take his gun out. Jamie was lucky that Michael didn't kill her but he got her in the next one. Loomis was seeming crazy but once you realized what he was doing he seemed a genius. He should have died when Michael stabbed him though. That old man can survive more than Michael can himself. This was a good movie and all horror movie lovers should see.
B0001906O0|5.0|For years I was angry at The Cure for cutting songs from CD versions of \\"Standing on the Beach\\" and \\"Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me\\" because some of those songs that got cut were better than the ones that remained.  After searching for versions of B-sides that someone might have digitized and placed into MP3 format, I can stop my search.  This is one of the best boxed collections of \\"uncollected\\" work around.
B0000696I0|3.0|While this movie is not as good as the first one it still is funny and has exciting moments. The Vanilla ice scene may date this movie but when you watch it now it just makes it more entertaining. It isn't the most intellectual movie but comeon it was made for children and we have to treat it as such
0688170528|5.0|This book was one of those that was handed to me by a friend, who said, &quot;You've got to read it.&quot; After reading the back of the book (see description from Amazon listing.) I must admit I was a little hestitant because the subject matter seemed quite depressing.<BR>Once I started this book, I found it very hard to put down. The characters were real, the plot was engrossing and the pacing was excellent. I felt as though I had entered their world completely and got very wrapped up with most of the main characters emotionally. There aren't many writers that can pull off what Ms. Picoult has here. I have recommended it to many friends.<br />An excellent book for book clubs! Plenty to discuss and room for more than one opinion.
B00004Z459|5.0|I have never been an advocate of the rap+rock melting pot. Many would-be aficionados would like to say that it was first refined with such bands as KoRn. When I listen to KoRn's older work, I do not see rap or hip hop. I see mere experimentation. And it was horrendous. People claim that rap+rock is old, overdone, redundant. Look at how many bands are just ordinary rock, pop, rap, and jazz? IMHO, there have been a fair share of hybrid bands. I have passed them all up trying hard not to laugh at their miserable efforts. Then, one day, after being persuaded to listen to Hybrid Theory from beginning to end (having previously seen OSC on TV and not liking it)...I popped it in and listened. Still not liking OSC, I found myself unexplainable magnetized to the rest of the album, especially Crawling, Cure for the itch, and A place for my head. Hyrbid is still in my top rotation to this day. And I'm a guy who's been a violinist since the third grade who, until about middle school, only listened to things like Haydn and Beethoven. Sure hybrid music is not new, but unlike most bands, LP does it well for a change. Shinoda raps intelligently, and Chester is vocally versatile enough to keep things interesting. Come on, it was the best album of 2001, and they won a Grammy. They do not \\"suck,\\" nor are they unoriginal. This is an undeniable gem. Opponents just dislike their mass appeal and fame, which leads to BS and the \\"sell-out\\" crap. People hate popularity. Stop the \\"real rock\\" and \\"real rap\\" crap. You're not an authority. Elitist morons need to think De gustibus non est disputandum.
B00006IUL2|5.0|Just as Pasolini said,&quot;I draw on the mysterious sensibilities in Maria Callas&quot;. He finds Callas to be &quot;an ancient woman&quot; in the sense that she is directly linked to myth and legend. With very little spoken word Callas manages to convey all the pride, rage, and black art that comprises the legend of Medea. Set against an incredibly dramatic backdrop the viewer is nearly hypnotized by this savage story of lust and power.<BR>To the reviewer who thought that the repeated scene of the death of the king and his daughter was a technical error, watch it carefully again. Medea dreams the act of revenge first, then sets it into motion and the dream becomes reality. This is in all the films of this I have seen. It is not a mistake.
B0000062GE|5.0|Another immaculate album. Some bands don't put out this many awesome songs their entire career, let alone on one CD. What you'll notice here is that this is Stabbing Westward's &quot;darkest&quot; effort, hence the name. Almost every song here has a dark grind to it that really helps set the dreary mood. I love it! Whenever you're down about life this is the perfect album to play. My favorites are &quot;Darkest Day&quot;, &quot;Save Yourself&quot;, &quot;Haunting Me&quot;, &quot;Torn Apart&quot;, &quot;Sometimes It Hurts&quot;, &quot;The Thing I Hate&quot;, and &quot;Waking Up Beside You&quot;.<br />P.S. If you're disappointed SW broke up you'll be happy to know that lead singer Chris Hall has started another band called The Dreaming. Check out [...]
B00005JLEX|5.0|I NEED SEINFELD ON DVD! I've been a huge fan since the 8th grade (I'm in my second year in college), and it has forever changed my life. The pure irony that this show captures is something that I can relate to in my own life. So, Jerry and Larry, if you're reading...WE NEEB SEINFELD ON DVD!!!
0671027387|5.0|This thriller hits the ground running and never lets up for the next 550 pages, making this a dizzying marathon of conspiracy, white-knuckle escapes, and double-crosses.  Hell, I didn't even mind that the characters were a bit cartoonish at times, that people routinely escaped from situations that would normally have meant certain death, or that the author was constantly throwing bits of arcane scientific knowledge around like holiday confetti.  If this was a movie, you would just kick back with the jumbo bucket of popcorn and enjoy the next couple hours.  I'm definitely going to check out his other novels.
B0000214F0|5.0|The fantastically erotic lesbian scene.  This is the steamiest most erotic lesbian love scene I have ever seen.....and believe me, I have watched it numerous times. If you are into such things this dvd will be well worth the purchase.
B00009V7RF|5.0|I originally bought this cd on a whim and I really liked the 2 singles off of it and I have not regreted buying it yet. Every song on this cd is great to listen to, each song has a different flavour and vibe to them, which shows off their versatile talent and distinct style. <BR>I have never really listened to the BEPs before so I can't say how it is different/similar to their previous work but I will say that this cd won't disappoint, even the most discrimating of music fans.
B00013PHGS|5.0|another masterpiece since &quot;the virgin suicide&quot;.the single cherry blossom girl sounds like zero 7.also including the music from &quot;lost in translation&quot; and the bonus dvd feture several clips of their previous live. a must have for all air fans.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|I have the origianl release on tape so I was a little hesitant to think this would be anything worth listening to, [...]. I dont mind the fact that all the silly chatter between the fab four is taken out, I dont think it was neccessary to have it in there anyways. The sound is great, crisp and clear as it should be on CD, all the orchestra strings are not missed by me at all. Im sure The Beatles were not intending it to sound like they were playing in an orchestra, (shame on you Phil Spector) I dont understand why the song list changed though, strange they did that, all in all one the best recordings ever in my opinion... The Beatles were kings of there time... not even the Stones could have come close.... I think the 2nd CD is a waste, cant hear the jibbersih there saying anyways, wasted CD to me.... should have found unreleased songs and put it on here... but for the price i`d buy it....
B00005N9CV|5.0|It's hard not to be totally engrossed (no, not grossed out) when Diana's smooth voice tackles on the standards with a charm and style that have to be experienced to be appreciated. The technical quality is more than up to the challenge of these fine songs and Diana's treatment of them. The album opens with one of the best renditions of &quot;S'Wonderful&quot; I've ever heard. &quot;I Remember You&quot; was superb, as is the title track. Made me want to write &quot;Love Letters&quot; to her. Stunning! I used the DVD-Audio disc for this review. If you haven't experienced what this format can do for music, run-don't walk- to your nearest stereo shop and have a listen. If you have a DVD player, you can listen in Dolby Digital. The sound, although not up to the true DVD-Audio quality, is still amazing. Al Schmitt did a truly outstanding job on the surround mix. The stereo version, in high resolution 24-bit, 96kHz digital, is also quite wonderful, but it's the surround version that makes you feel like you're in a small, smoky jazz club. You must hear this in surround!
B00013PHGS|5.0|Air's album Talkie Walkie is their strongest effort yet. Not quite in the vein of earlier releases like Moon Safari, but not as strange as 10,000 Hz Legend, Talkie Walkie blends the old and new sounds of Air to produce a dazzling album. <BR>Talkie Walkie continues in the more song-oriented direction started on 10,000 Hz Legend, but doesn't abandon the old Air sound. It's easily recognizable as them in seconds. <BR>What's so great about this album is it's not trying to just blind you with artistic brilliance. It's there, but the songs do all the heavy lifting. From the quiet, contemplative \\"Alone in Kyoto\\" to the soaring, Tears for Fears-esque \\"Surfin' On A Rocket\\", this album has a mature, assured confidence.<BR>The album's 40 minutes fly by and it keeps hitting you with better and better songs -- you're wowed by the drum machine/piano/string section arrangement of \\"Mike Mills\\" (a phenomenal track) and then sent into one of the best songs on the album. Or as you're thinking to yourself that \\"Another Day\\" wouldn't be too out of place on the Virgin Suicides soundtrack, you hear the next song start in with... a banjo?<BR>Talkie Walkie has some surprises up its sleeve, but Air hasn't changed -- as I said, it's recognizably them. It's a great album, combining all of their earlier directions into a solid album. While it's obviously very early and such statements seem premature, Talkie Walkie definitely is a strong contender for this year's best album.
B000069KE0|5.0|This was the album that laid the groundwork for all that came after. Chicago's jazz-pop style, which was similar to Blood, Sweat and Tears in concept but not in execution, was a refreshing change from the pap being played on many top 40 stations. &quot;Make Me Smile&quot; and &quot;Colour My World&quot; were songs that reminded me of a great time I had while in the Far East while in the Air Force. I bought the SQ Quadraphonic version of this album when it was released, but was somewhat disappointed in its lack of separation. The recently released DVD-Audio version was a revelation. I'm convinced that 5.1 is the ONLY way to hear this album.
6300215512|5.0|This is a wonderful film.  Its stylings and humor are very entertaining. Also, I have to say for the reviewer who said the movie was cheap because of the black and white, he obviously has no clue about films.  Black and white films we're everywhere at that time and for decades after that! It is laughable..lol  Anyways, everyone should pick up this classic. it's fabulous.
B00008WT5E|5.0|Most people who don't have this cd have never heard any of these songs... Well now's your chance. Go out and buy this cd. All of the songs are great.. but my favorites are as follows...<BR>Rock and Roll Damnation is probably the highlight with it's power and its one of my all time favorites.. Down Payment Blues is different but once you hear it you'll love it.. RIFF RAFF is just what it says with awesome riffs and all!! Sin City, Gone Shootin, Up to my neck in you, and kicked in the teeth again are my other favorites on the album.. but i like all of the songs. I highly recommend this cd to everybody who loves AC/DC or any classic Rock!
B00003CY0V|4.0|Not really a four star movie but it is because it just transcends its restrictive prospects - i.e, this is film to see how Hugh Jackman could handle a leading role and if Travolta could make another comeback in a B-movie plot with a little more brains than usual with some bigger bang bucks in the budget.<br />It is cliched but still you don't care. You just slap this one on and you get your monies worth but nothing that memorable. The premise is simple. Hacker is hired by some sort of a pseudo-bad guy with questionable good motives to do a bank job. Cue lots of hacking, Halle's boobs, Travolta with big guns shooting up things and Hugh Jackman trying to play the leading guy. Truth is that Jackman is a good actor, looks a tiny bit freaked out though, and Travolta can do the bad guy well with more than a hint of Pulp Fiction here and certainly the producers blow up lots of things along the way with a plot that will keep your attention but ultimately you can see through this movie for what it is - Halley' boobs and big explosions.<br />Nothing wrong with that I guess...
B0001BKAEY|4.0|Who are you kidding? You hated the movie but your still going to put it in your collection. I walked away from the movie disappointed but you cannot deny the fact that it was a great trilogy that inspired people to think. I thought they wasted way to much time in Zion with characters you had no emotional attachment with. Morpheous was demoted to a sidekick with a few lame lines and Neo is missing in large gaps of the movie. Lets face it. Whats missing from the Matrix Revolutions is \\"The Matrix\\". Not until Neo's final battle with Smith at the end of the movie did I wake up from the CG hell that was Zion and get excited about this movie. That battle scene in the rain is alone worth the price of the movie. I just wish I could say the same for the first hour and a half.
B00005JLSE|4.0|I do not like musicals. If you like musicals then you will love it. However the musicals where not that bad and certainly you will sit through it unless you DETEST musicals. Okay musicals aside - Chicago is actually very funny and will make you laugh. The premise is simple. Women killers end up in jail and all want the top lawyer in town to represent them because he has never lost a case. Cue the female inmates competing with each other for fame and the lawyer. It is really done quite well, the acting is good and it is very funny. However I hate musicals but I still gave this one 4 stars because it is done well and is very funny at times.
B00005JME0|5.0|I saw this movie the second night after it opened at the theaters. Ashton Kutcher plays the role well. This movie keeps you thinking throughout. I have heard alot of bad things on the radio since its opening, obviously they havent seen the film. Many critics are complaining that Ashton Kutchers acting is questionable in this film, all I have to say to those people is, what was the name of the last movie you were in???<br />The Butterfly Effect is one of a kind!! Go see it, you wont be disappointed.
1401300901|5.0|I read this book straight through in one giant sitting and alternated between laughing out loud and sobbing. It's sweet and funny, and the ending was a real surprise and yet so perfect. I've recently discovered Marian Keyes and have been racing through her books. I think anyone who loves Marian Keyes will also love PS I LOVE YOU.
0385504209|4.0|This book is a page turner no matter what your beliefs are.  The murder mystery, codes, etc, will keep you interested even if you disagree with the theology.<br />However, Brown is careful to note through the character's dialogue that there are two sides to every story.  For every person who tries to say the theories in this book are false and cannot be proven - please keep in mind that you cannot prove the Bible, either.  Neither this particular belief nor the Bible can be proven or disproven.  It is a matter of what you believe - that is why it's called &quot;faith&quot;.  You must have an open mind and accept the fact that there are two sides to every story instead of immediately decrying the theology as bunk.  It is not saying that Jesus did not exist, it is not saying he was not wise and enlightened, it is not saying that he was not crucified.  All the fundamental aspects of what we were taught are there.  It is simply the other side of the story.  Which one you choose to believe is up to you.  But I advise gathering all the information first.<br />The one flaw in the book is how the two main characters get out of certain situations / jams, etc.  That is the only reason I did not give it 5 stars.  Some of their &quot;escapes&quot;, so to speak, might be able to occur but one in particular really stretches the limits of plausibility, in my humble opinion.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|1999's \\"The Matrix\\" was and still remains one of the greatest groundbreaking science fiction movies that came out in a very long time in my opinion.<br /> The second part of the three part Matrix trilogy \\"The Matrix Reloaded\\" brilliantly follows up on the original even though it can go overboard in places and even speed on very bumpy roads from time to time. This movie feels a lot different from the original, being a lot darker and having a very `green' tint to much of the movie but perhaps it's due to the cover art and the theatrical posters during the movie's release. This is in my opinion, one of 2003's best movies.<br /> In the case of \\"Reloaded\\" Neo begins to realize that he has only 3 days to rally up the remaining human population and defend Zion, their last refuge from being taken over by renegade machines being controlled by a renegade program called Agent Smith who has the ability to replicate himself and spread his power all over the Matrix. Time is running out and Neo has only 3 days to save the remainder of humanity from falling prey to the intelligent machines that are run by the replicating renegade program Agent Smith. Accoring to the philosophy, Neo is in fact, Agent Smith's equal that is the `one' who can save humanity from a fate worse than death. For some older audiences, this movie may come close to being something that came from \\"The Terminator\\" movie series and yes, I can see a lot of similarities between Matrix and Terminator in terms of man versus machine.<br /> This movie is a really excellent follow-up to the 1999 original Matrix movie but there are some areas where it can get a bit out of hand. While many movies seem to suffer from a lack of a good plot or one that never takes off at all, \\"The Matrix Reloaded\\" is the opposite where the plot goes way over the top and jumps too much between stories and goes all over the place without allowing some time to rest. In some ways, I feel that \\"Reloaded\\" has been rendered almost obsolete because it ends with a cliffhanger note almost abruptly and \\"Revolutions\\" is where the real fun begins. That doesn't mean that \\"Reloaded\\" is no longer necessary but I feel that they could easily have made \\"Reloaded\\" and \\"Revolutions\\" into one four hour movie and the final two movies in the Matrix series created more questions than answered others. The one thing that I felt was completely unnecessary was a scene between Neo and Trinity. While I am not bothered that much by such material, I felt the lovemaking scene just cluttered up the film. Sorry, no offense but I felt it cluttered up the film.<br /> I know that Keanu Reeves as Neo is the foreground character and he does great in playing Neo but Hugo Weaving who gave us Elrond from Lord of The Rings, steals the spotlight away from everyone else in this film. Upon seeing the scary and unsettling character Agent Smith, I have to say that Weaving can play some REALLY scary bad guys and is totally awesome and engaging in this movie. I could almost forget about everyone else in the movie's cast because Hugo Weaving as Agent Smith is one of the most awesome characters in this movie despite the fact that he's the arch villain.<br /> The second disc though is a real treat. You can see a lot of footage of how several of the various scenes are created and see the behind the scenes footage of the epic highway chase scenes. You won't believe how they made the highway chase scene. I'm not going to tell you how they did but you will be amazed at how they did it. I was like \\"WOW!\\" when I watched the part of filming the epic highway battle scenes. It's absolutely amazing! Then you got a lot of interviews with the actors and seeing how they filmed a lot of the various acting sequences, typical of most DVDs but the \\"Matrix Reloaded\\" DVD is definitely one to check out just for disc two.<br /> The special effects are absolutely amazing and groundbreaking, even by a lot of today's standards. The various martial combat, fight scenes and chase scenes are incredibly choreographed and tons and tons of fun to watch. I'll admit, the CGI effects can start to get out of hand in some places but for the most part, the visuals are just amazing to watch! I haven't seen special effects that actually were efficiently done so well since Bruce Willis' \\"The Fifth Element\\" from seamingly entire lifetimes ago.<br /> This movie is no masterpiece by any means, nor surpasses it's original 1999 predecessor and suffers from being a very confusing movie but if you can bypass the flaws, then \\"Matrix Reloaded\\" is a must-see movie and worth renting many times over and succeeds in many ways that a lot of sequels fail at: living up the original. I say renting as opposed to buying because I'm just waiting for a possible box set or something like \\"The Matrix Trilogy\\" or some box set containing all three movies in one because even though the final movie \\"Revolutions\\" left me wanting a lot more, this trilogy was very well done and is a great achievement in Sci-Fi History.<br /> The Waschowski Brothers have done a great job of creating an unforgettable movie legacy with these three movies. I give this movie about a Grade A-.se scenes are incredibly choreographed and tons and tons of fun to watch. I'll admit, the CGI effects can start to get out of hand in some places but for the most part, the visuals are just amazing to watch! I haven't seen special effects that actually were efficiently done so well since Bruce Willis' \\"The Fifth Element\\" from seamingly entire lifetimes ago. <br /> This movie is no masterpiece by any means, nor surpasses it's original 1999 predecessor and suffers from being a very confusing movie but if you can bypass the flaws, then \\"Matrix Reloaded\\" is a must-see movie and worth renting many times over and succeeds in many ways that a lot of sequels fail at: living up the original. I say renting as opposed to buying because I'm just waiting for a possible box set or something like \\"The Matrix Trilogy\\" or some box set containing all three movies in one because even though the final movie \\"Revolutions\\" left me wanting a lot more, this trilogy was very well done and is a great achievement in Sci-Fi History.<br /> The Waschowski Brothers have done a great job of creating an unforgettable movie legacy with these three movies. I give this movie about a Grade A-.
B0000DJZA0|5.0|Coldplay is one of the best band in years. This Cd/DVD is one of the best combos this year. The DVD is packed and the cd has 2 unreleased tracks. This Album is worth EVERY penny.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Don't let a travesty go unscathed! If you love Firefly and are in utter horror that it's canceled tell Fox! Tell them twice, just tell them! Maybe we'll get a movie, maybe a show. Go to Fox.com and look for an email drop-box.<br />At LEAST they may finally realize that airing them out-of-order, and NOT airing the three BEST episodes was in fact, asinine. The pilot is actually pretty terrible (as most can be), but the evolution of the others is impeccable and even becomes a sheer masterpiece (as one might gather from these reviews). So believe it, you won't be dissappointed with this set and then you too, will be in horror, yet glad to have something rather than nothing at all..
B000089CJI|5.0|I gotta say, for as long as I've been a member of Amazon and for as many albums, singles, clips etc... I've listented to, I've never been more hooked on any music as much as I am to the Postal Service.<br />I was sucked in upon my first listening of &quot;Nothing Better&quot; which still remains my favorite song on this Album to this day.  It's almost comedic how the lyrics tell one rather sad but real story, while the music supporting it is bubbly, quirky and very contrasting to the lyrics.  The vocals are just incredible too, there isn;t one person I know who can listen to this song and not like it.<br />Who knows, maybe this will be my only review I will ever post, so with that said, if you don't own this album... well wake up and start living :)
B00003CXS4|5.0|This movie was incredibly cool. I watched it 2 times in one day I loved it so much. It is a great movie to watch if you liked lock stock &amp; 2 smoking barrels. Jason Stratham &amp; Brad Pitt make this movie rock. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU GET TO THE STORE &amp; PURCHASE THIS TITLE!!!
B0000VCZK2|4.0|This set should only be bought if you liked at least 3/4 of the movies in this box set. I do not know why people are making a big deal about &quot;Quadrilogy&quot; versus &quot;tetralogy&quot;. &quot;Quadrilogy&quot; may not be a word but who cares. The following statements are my opinions and not facts-keep this in my mind, I might have a different opinion then you!<br />The restoration of the movies:<br />Alien (1.85 anamorphic, English 5.1 DTS, English 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 2.0 Surround, THX Certified): I was pleased with the restoration of this very old film (1979). 4.9/5<br />Aliens (2.35 anamorphic, English 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 2.0 Surround, THX Certified) : The picture quality and sound were good but it was fullscreen instead of widescreen(all the rest of the films were widescreen). 3.25/5<br />Alien 3 (2.35 anamorphic, English 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 2.0 Surround, THX Certified): Good sound and picture quality for the most part. 4.5/5<br />Alien Resurrection (2.35 anamorphic, English 5.1 DTS, English 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 2.0 Surround, THX Certified): The best in terms of picture and sound quality but also the newest version (1997) thus the quality is expected. 4.75/5<br />These reviews are based on the theatrical versions and not on the special editions or directors cut.<br />Total: 4.4/5 (88% B+) <br />The movies:<br />Alien: The first and in my opinion the most original is probably the best in the entire set. 4.9/5<br />Aliens: Also very good, though the acting from the little girl was kind of bad. 4.5/5<br />Alien 3: Underrated in my opinion. Liked the dark theme and the fact they killed off Ripley in the end. 4.75/5<br />Alien Resurrection: Bizarre, but in some places funny. In a way underrated but then it contains too many plot holes. 3.75/5<br />These reviews are based on the theatrical versions and not on the special editions or directors cut.<br />Total: 4.5/5 (90% A-)<br />The Extras:<BR>Alien: Besides getting an extra version ofthe film (Directors Cut) you get a lot of featurettes, photo galleries, and theatrical trailers, teasers, TV spots, and audio commentary for both versions of Alien. Its safe to say youre overloaded with extras. The Directors cut has only about 8 minutes added to it, you will watch it once but never again. As for the rest a lot of it is just recycling the rest but still for the most part you will be pleased with the extras for this movie. 4.8/5<br />Aliens: Same stuff (the new version is called a special edition instead of Directors Cut) as Alien except less of it but that means less recycling, you get about the same amount of information as Alien but not as redundant. The special edition adds about 20 minutes to film (including a lengthy look at what happens to the colonists) but same as before the original is best. 4.8/5<br />Alien 3: Same stuff as Aliens but its missing David Fincher (the Director, all the other movies had the Directors make appearances). I guess thats so because of the history with Fincher and fox as you will find out from the featurettes. The special edition version (has some sound difficulty in the beginning) adds 30 minutes and some interesting bits to the story, but again the extra material slows down the pace of the movie. Some of the bonus material (like the audio commentary) comes off stale because of lack of energy but otherwise and in-depth look at an interesting event that surrounded Alien 3. 4.4/5<br />Alien Resurrection: Same as before. The special edition version had about 8 minutes but its hard to tell the difference between the two (even with such subtle changes I still prefer the original. Jean-Pierre Jeunet can be funny at times spicing up the commentary, but unfortunately there is very little interesting things to say about Alien Resurrection. 4/5<br />Total: 4.5/5 (90% A-)<br />Presentation of the material:<br />CD Layout: Very little to say except that the hours of hours of information was easily accessible with themenus (basically you did not have to hunt for the information like some DVDs make you do). 4.95/5<br />Box construction: Came un-glue with almost no use. I try to open it as little as possible to avoid wear and tear. Fox should have spent more time on this (at least it looked nice). 2/5<br />Sensible: It takes up little space once folded but unfolding it you might discover that its longer than five feet. They could have made it like the Indiana Jones box set (higher quality material, individual boxes for movie in a huge box set, does not unfold Five feet!). 3.5/5<br />Total: 3.48/5 (70% C-)<br />Total for this box set: 4.22/5 (84% B) <br />This is probably best for fans, otherwise you might want to skip this one.
B0000VAFO0|5.0|_Underworld_ features a confrontation between rival clans of vampires and werewolves (called &quot;Lycans&quot; in the movie) in a dark cityscape (supposedly Budapest, apparently) supposedly over the evils of miscegenation between the races.  Whatever.  Anyway, this movie was pretty bad.  The plot was nonexistent and the story didn't make sense.  So why am I giving this movie 5 stars?  Well there is only one reason to watch this movie.  And that is for Kate Beckinsale - dressed all in black with a black leather trench coat, she's so snazzy!  :)  In fact, if you get sick of the rambling story, the nonexistent acting, and the lame dialogue, I recommend you just turn off the sound and watch Kate in peace - running around and looking cool.  Bravo Kate!
B00003CXAA|5.0|The Godfather series have long been heralded among the greatest pieces of american cinema. First reviews of the films:<br />1.) Godfather: (11 out of 10). A classic of cinema and #3 on the AFI's 100 greatest movies list. It's also my favorite movie of all time. Marlon Brando gives a legendary performance as Don Vito Corleone, the head of the Corleone mafia family. From his hoarse, mumbling voice to his cheeky face, Brando created one of the most famous and often parodied charcters in film history. Another special contribution this film gave to pop culture was introducing Al Pacino. Pacino is great in his signature role as the Don's son, Michael. He shows in his portrayl the transformation of Michael from a war hero into a ruthless mobster. The supporting cast are all fantastic as well. James Caan as the hot-tempered Sonny, Robert Duvall as consigliere Tom Hagen, Diane Keaton as Michael's wife, Kay Adams and the late John Cazale as Fredo Corleone to name a few. The Godfather had many memorable scenes such as the horses's head lying in a man's bed, the shootout at the restaurant or the massacre of Sonny Corleone. And who could forget Marlon Brando's famous line : I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.This movie also gave the audience insight into family life inside the mob and how these people stay close to one another despite being low life criminals.   <br />2.) The Godfather part 2: (10 out of 10). Brilliant sequel which is equal to the original in it's epic scope. This movie tells two stories. The sequel part shows us Michael moving his newly established crime organization and family to Lake Tahoe. The prequel part takes us back in time to when the young Vito Corleone (played brilliantly by Robert De Niro) rose to power in the slums of New York. Al Pacino gives another great performance as Michael, as does Diane Keaton as his now-suffering wife Kay and Robert De Niro manages to channel Marlon Brando with his own portrayl of the Don. John Cazale manages to make the audience feel sympathetic as Michael's pathetic brother, Fredo who pays the price for betraying his brother.<br />3.) The Godfather part 3: ( 8 1/2 out of 10). 16 years later, Francis Ford Coppola and author, Mario Puzo returned to conclude the story of the Corleones. The film did not do so well at the box office or at the Oscars despite being nominated. It also became the butt to several jokes and the target of constant bashing from movie buffs. While the film isn't an oscar caliber masterpiece like the first two, it's not as bad as people make it out to be. The film's main flaw is the meandering plot and the numerous sub-plots going on at once. Robert Duvall's absence hurts the film as the Tom Hagen character was so prominent in the first two. The film concerns Michael's decison to become a legitimate businessman by entering into a deal with the Vatican bank to keep them from becoming bankrupt. He finds that the church is just as corrupt as the mafia. Al Pacino is once again great as an eldery Don, and Diane Keaton returns as his now estranged wife. Andy Garcia is great as Sonny's illegitimate son, Vincent who becomes the new Don Corleone. Sofia Coppola, while not great as Mary, doesnt ruin the movie like so many critics and reviewers make it to be. The Godfather part 3 needs to be seen with knowledge of the first two films to make sense. Even though it didn't live up to the first two, it was still a worthy conclusion. <br />Bonus Material: This disc has a lot of great stuff on it. From the many deleted scenes to the making of documentaries, this disc is a great addition to the movies themselves.
1573301183|5.0|Since I became a fan of Alice in Chains shortly AFTER Layne had died I was pretty much screwed in hearing or even seeing him perform. But after I spotted this sweet DVD hiding in a music store I just couldn't resist buying this to see Alice in Chains acoustic. Oh sure it might not have any power but by making there songs acoustic I could feel the powerful emotions running from this concert. Starting from Nutshell all the way to Killer is Me. There were some songs that were great but the way I see it is the exceptional ones are Brother, Would, Rooster, Sludge Factory and Frogs. Especially Would? because when I saw and heard this song I was remembering how strong he used to be and I saw him struggling...Overall this CD is AWESOME
B00005I44H|5.0|I am an eclectic music lover who listens mostly to jazz, and some classical, so I am not an expert on the Mozart Piano Concertos. Nevertheless, I highly recommend this boxed set by Perahia. This pianist is a flawless player with an incredibly light touch, but there is meaning within the excellent technique. I hate musicians who just play the notes, going through the motions without feeling the music and imparting that feeling to the listener, but Perahia is not one of these; he is smooth and expressive at the same time. I like these recordings better than the Barenboim series.<br />The ECO is in fine form and unlike the BPO, imparts a lush but not heavy sound, perfectly complementing the pianist. There seems to be no lack of direction from the conductor, but perhaps that is because the ECO has performed the series with at least 2 other pianists. I have been listening to these recordings with my headphones on, so as to hear every note; the sound quality is excellent and one never tires of listening; one day while writing I listened to the entire set twice in succession, enjoying every minute!<br />This boxed set not only sounds wonderful but it is wonderfully priced, a can't miss selection if you love the music of Mozart.
B00008RH3L|5.0|This is one of the earlier collaborations by the Cohen brothers who co-authored the screenplay, directed by Joel Cohen. I enjoyed it more when I saw it again recently than I did the first time almost 15 years ago because I now have a greater appreciation of Barry Sonnenfeld's brilliant cinematography. The acting is also outstanding, notably Gabriel Byne (Tom Reagan), Albert Finney (Leo), Marcia Gay Harden (Verna), Joe Polito (Johnny Caspar), and John Turturro (Bernie Bernbaum). There are two separate but related plots which are resolved, inevitably, in a violent climax. The first involves relationships between Irish-American and Italian-American gangsters during the 1930s; the other involves Reagan's relationships with his boss, Leo, and Leo's paramour, Verna. The screenplay examines how these and other relationships interact as loyalties are forged and betrayed, ambitions collide, and difficult choices must be made. Bernie Bernbaum is one of the most interesting characters in this film. He is Verna's brother, a silver-tongued bookie, who pays for protection by Leo which proves necessary when he falls deeply into debt to Caspar. The Coens are experts at choreographing almost casual human collisions during the completion of what often resembles a chess game, focusing our attention on a sequence of moves and counter-moves. (That is less true of the Coens' Fargo which has a much tighter plot.) As in The Road to Perdition (2002), this film brilliantly captures its period and locale while examining various types of dysfunctional relationships which have probably existed for thousands of years. Whereas I associate the first and second Godfather films with Tolstoy and Dickens, I associate Miller's Crossing as well as The Road to Perdition with Aeschylus and Sophocles.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I just recently finished watching the firefly series, one of my roomates got the series for x-mas.  This series is awesome, it has great writing, it is suspensful, funny, dramatic and has the action as well.  The characters aren't paper cut outs either, each having a pretty deep and meaningful purpose in the show. It is awesome to watch a show and be able to figure out how a character will because you know that character and what motivates them, like in Heart of Gold when Jane decides to help with the job ;)  . Sadess thing about the series is that it got cancelled so buy it and maybe it will get picked back up again.
0790729628|2.0|I know this has 702 reviews, but I have to put in my two (stars) cents.  Blade Runner is probably my favorite movie; but, the Director's Cut is an abomination.  The actual difference in footage amounts to something like 7 seconds - big woop.  The only significant change is the loss of monologue:  a major mistake. The director was miffed at the studios for forcing the issue, and now, decades later, the release of the \\"restored\\" version has all but supplanted the original.  It's impossible to get a hold of - the die hard fans, not content to be told which version to like, seek out the theatrical release as if it were a rare truffle.  I would call the monologues effectiveness a happy accident.  In an interview, Ford disclosed that he agreed with the director.  He didn't want to do the voice-over.  As a result, he read the part as deadpan, monotone as he could, attempting to bore the studio into dropping it.  The way it turned out, the reading fit perfectly.  For one thing, it gave the movie a voice similar to that of classic detective dramas (something reflected in the sets and costumes, as well).  For another, it reflected how dead and empty the main character felt inside - whether that was because he was a killer, a washed up cop, a failure as a husband, or just possibly a replicant with a flimsy emotional crutch imprinted on his memory, didn't matter.  Ford's intended sabotage made the character.  Without sharing our hero's thoughts, the movie feels disjointed and comes across as annoying.  The original had meaning and vitality, but the Director's Cut, was to the jugular, spilling the life-blood of the film.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Chocolate Starfish is brilliant. a great mix of rap and metal.  After a couple of listens, I am addicted!!!!!
0385504209|5.0|Before I started this book, I heard that it was &quot;anti-Christian&quot;.  This could not be farther from the truth!  This novel is definitely a page-turner that makes you want to research and learn more about the early Church!!
B00008PW2D|1.0|I am an avid \\"Sex\\" fan, and we were most disappointed not only with the lack of episodes, but with the lack of plots. Let's hope that they are saving the best for last.............
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I discovered Firefly when it first aired on Fox in the U.S.  I remember watching the first aired episode and thinking toward the end that it was ok but nothing really special.  Then something happened on screen which made me sit forward, eyes wide open, and exclaim &quot;Whoa, you wouldn't see that on Star Trek!&quot;.  And I've been hooked since.  I remember watching the episodes &quot;Arial&quot;, &quot;War Stories&quot;, and &quot;Objects In Space&quot; and thinking &quot;Wow! This show just keeps getting better and better!&quot;<br />This show is the best sci-fi I've seen since Babylon 5.  As soon as the DVD set was released, I purchased one copy for myself, one &quot;conversion&quot; copy, and one copy that I gave to my parents as a Christmas gift.  I've been circulating the &quot;conversion&quot; copy around work.  As a result my boss and his wife are now fans of the show.  My mother and father are now fans from the copy they received and have even posted a review here on Amazon as well as purchased their own &quot;conversion&quot; copy to loan out.<br />This show is addictive and well worth the praise that it has received.  I can not recommend it enough.  And you don't necessarily have to like sci-fi or westerns to appreciate the well written and acted characters.
B000002KKC|5.0|I'm only sixteen but have come to love Fleetwood Mac.  After picking up the self-titled album and rumors and then reading reviews on this album, I thought I was going to get some radically different and unfullfilling album compared to rumours.  I actually thought that while this album wasn't as consistent in theme, was much more pleasant to listen to and has gotten much more listening time than rumours.  The lyrics are just as good if not better, and All three song writers seemed to have matured a great deal especially Stevie Nicks who is awsome in Sara.  If was around back in '79 I would have jumped for joy when this album came out not balked at it like many people did.
0385512104|5.0|There is a reality to &quot;The Curious Incident of Dog in Night-Time.&quot; It is a psuedo-mystery from the prospective of a semi-autistic child. The plot is brilliant but so perfectly set to fall victim to over sentimentalizing or unintentional humor. Yet Mark Haddon brilliantly avoids those pitfalls with the same panache that Rikki Lee Travolta's &quot;My Fractured Life&quot; and Sue Monk Kidd's &quot;Secret Life of Bees&quot; avoid being parodies of their own worlds. Somehow Haddon creates a real world with his words and maintains it faithfully to rival &quot;My Fractured Life&quot; and &quot;Secret Life of Bees&quot; both. A stellar book.
0312084986|5.0|You have to be dead not to enjoy this book. I just wanted to register my five stars.
B00005AQF7|5.0|Snoop Dogg. Perhaps the most beloved rapper and pop culture icon of the last 10 years; Snoop has made a career of being cool. Though he as made average to solid albums during his tenure in hip hop, none have come close to matching his debut, artistcally or commercially. When he became the showpiece on Dr. Dre's the Chronic, he became the hot topic of discussion in hip hop circles; while he's not the most mindblowing MC ever, it's his flow and lyrical delivery that keep the listener mesmerized. Of the 14 songs on this album, seven of them are hip hop standards; What's My Name(with it's landmark &quot;dog morphing&quot; video),Gin And Juice(with it's unforgettable<BR>house party video)Doggy Dogg World(with it's ode to the 70's featuring The Fabulous Dramatics) and Ain't No Fun(one of the gratest posse joints of all time, with the first apperances of Warren G and Nate Dogg),Murder Was The Case( talk about irony, since he actually WAS on trial for murder)G's Up, Hoes Down( which is on rare copies of the album,since it was removed due to an uncleared sample). Put in his masterful remake of Slick Rick's Lodi Dodi, Tha Shiznit, Stranded On Death Row, and the G's and Hustlaz and you have hip hop mastery and Deathrow Records at it's heights.
0385504209|5.0|Dan Brown is my new favorite author. He is well-researched and smart. He lures the reader in with little known facts, then spins a wonderful fictional tale around it. I can not wait until 2005 to read his next effort, which will also be a Robert Langdon book.<br />The Da Vinci Code has several age-old elements. Murder, suspense, double-cross, etc., yet this is somehow a little better. The story is grand and while it is &quot;out there&quot;, it seems believable.<br />Anyone can read the liner notes for a story description. And yes, there is a similar formula to Angels and Demons, but TDVC does it better. This is a must-read book for lovers of fiction.<br />I can also understand why devout, conservative Christians are upset. But, my advice to them is to get over it. Dan Brown is not telling the educated world anything it didn't already know. For those in the dark, The Age of Enlightenment has apparently returned. We missed it.
B00000J7JO|4.0|I actually don't like my title because I think it is silly to compare albums of the same group.  It's sort of a juvenile technique to place one thing against another.  But so many reviewers on Amazon said that Californication is superior to By the Way, and it just isn't true.  They are totally different releases with a completely different feel.  It's like comparing Coppola's 'The Conversation&quot; with 'Godfather II'.  I like Californication (the song) in particular.  I still think it's an incredible video (even if you, oh no... compare it to the iconoclastic 'Give it Away') and the Peppers are still one of the greatest live bands of all time, Flea's obsession with being strange notwithstanding.  56 minutes of colloidal sound waves. <BR>Check out 'By the Way' too.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|Not to be unaffected in the world-wide Disneyfication phenomenon, David Lynch has produced a wonderful work. Often, this director's films have a dark seething theme that overpowers his beautiful interpretation of  image and sound. In this film, the mid-American farmlands of Iowa in the summer seem to have softened that darkness, but Lynch's laser-like vision and stark presentation of the unusual have remained.
B00005JMTN|5.0|This movie was a mixture of cute, comical stories while dealing with a very serious issue.  The stories were great but the main idea of things might be a little too deep for children under 13.  all in all it was a touching movie with a good sense of humor. a great movie for a wide variety of viewers.
630469654X|3.0|It's no wonder this film is unknown by so many - because it's not that spectacular.  Very simple storyline and very dull in parts, its only saving grace is that it features a very young Michelle Pfeiffer and Matthew Broderick.<br />The soundtrack is typical of 1985, very synthesized oriented.  Spoils the film somewhat, but can be overlooked if you try and get engrossed into the dull storyline.<br />fans will want the Australian DVD which boasts a very nice clear transfer and 16:9 enhancement too (unlike its American equivalent).<br />Worthy of a rent if nothing else to rent ... but actually going out and buying it is something I would not recommend.<br />Yawn ...
B0001BKAEY|5.0|Heard many critics, specially those who said the movie is old, without new elements. Take this: LOTR trilogy, no new elements (actually I dont find anything that surprise me in LOTR, I can even tell you how the story is going to end)same stuffs, just like a really long RPG games. LOTR is great film but I cant understand why people love it so much, I watch it once and no more. Matrix on the other hand is a movie that makes me watching it over and over. Maybe its the story depicting how pathetic humans are under the mahines that annoys people. <br />Maybe Revolution doesnt have as many action fights as Reloaded, but I still love the trilogy (+ Animatrix) and the theme behind it. <br />many said they dont understand Matrix. Yes the first one maybe a little confusing at first, but watching Reloaded should clear all the confusion. <br />BTW if someone does no even understand the computer, he/she will not be able to understand the story at all.
0385512104|5.0|This is a wonderful book. It is told from the point of view of an 15 year old ,autistic boy. The mystery has little to do with the incident addressed in the title but it has everything to with Christopher sharing with us his view of the world. At times, it can be painful to read as Mr. Haddon has truly drawn us into the world of the autistic. I cannot imagine a better portrayal of this disorder. The book is highly readable and can easily be devoured in a couple of sittings.
B00005JLK1|2.0|I watched Ghost Ship and Resident Evil within a day of each other and the difference was quite startling.  Where Resident Evil was a rollercoaster of pacing and noise with a great back story, Ghost Ship lumbers along without much direction.  Salvaging a luxury liner whose passengers were mysteriously `dispatched' in the 60's, a glorified tug boat captained by a tired and haggard looking Gabriel Byrne must try to understand why his crew is suddenly disappearing.  This film just didn't really engage me.  The chick from ER as a spot welding heroine?  Not only do I not find her attractive anyhow, but that just didn't cut it in the story itself. The tug crew running around in the old rusted and rotted carcass of the ship reminded me and made me pine for a DVD version of Attack of the Mushroom People.  Now there was a ghost ship story worth something.
B00008AY3L|1.0|beef beef beef. beef. beef beef. beef beef beef beef beef beef beef beef beef. beef. beef beef beef.
B00005JL3A|4.0|This was a taut, chilling, and surprisingly effective zombie kill fest.  The opening with the lethal lock-down of the complex by the super-computer is at once coldly methodical, and deadly.  Milla as the heroine has transformed markedly since her Fifth Element days, and does an admirable job as the anesthesia victim.  This film really moves along at a great pace, the Marylyn Manson soundtrack kicks it up a notch along w/ the action sequences.  A deadly virus is released in an underground research complex, the host computer kills all the scientists rather than risk external exposure of the virus.  A security detail is dispatched to ascertain what went wrong, but are themselves targeted by the newly animated dead.  One of the better of its breed to be sure, very polished and gritty at the same time.  It works, recommended.
B000002H2H|5.0|Ok, i first found this cd in my moms old cd case.  And i started listing to it and it blew me away.  I liked metallica but i liked the soft songs, what they play on the radio today.  I never thought that they were ever so heavy.  So heres my review.<br />Fight Fire With Fire <BR>Vocals-4/5<BR>Melody-4/5<BR>Originailty-5/5<BR>Flow-5/5<BR>Lyrics-5/5<br />Ride The Lightning<BR>Vocals-5/5<BR>Melody-5/5<BR>Originality-5/5<BR>Flow-5/5<BR>Lyrics-5/5<br />For Whom The Bell Tolls<BR>Vocals-5/5<BR>Melody-4/5<BR>Originality-5/5<BR>Flow-5/5<BR>Lyrics-5/5<br />Fade To Black<BR>Vocals-5/5<BR>Melody-5/5<BR>Originality-5/5<BR>Flow-5/5<BR>Lyrics-5/5<br />Traped Under Ice<BR>Vocals-4/5<BR>Melody-4/5<BR>Originality-5/5<BR>Flow-4/5<BR>Lyrics-4/5<br />Escape<BR>Vocals-5/5<BR>Melody-5/5<BR>Originality-5/5<BR>Flow-5/5<BR>Lyrics-4/5<br />Creeping Death<BR>Vocals-5/5<BR>Melody-5/5<BR>Originality-5/5<BR>Flow-4/5<BR>Lyrics-5/5<br />Call Of The KTULU<BR>Vocals-<BR>Melody-5/5<BR>Originality-5/5<BR>Flow-5/5<br />Overall the cd scored 4.775 which rounded to 5/5 very good cd!
B0000020C4|4.0|One can quibble with the musical version of LES MISERABLES, certainly the opening night critics did! Yet the musical has entertained and moved millions of people in productions around the world. The biggest fans return to see it over and over.<br /><br />For those who want most (not quite all) of the show, this 10th anniversary concert cast will likely fill the bill.  These two very full discs clock in just 27 minutes shorter than the 3 CD symphonic recording. Wilkinson is back again as Valjean (though at this stage having a tiny bit more trouble with those high notes) and a top notch supporting cast than no stage production could ever afford.  It is live, so there is audience applause and noise, but it is never distracting.<br />BUT... why get just the audio CD when you cabn get a DVD (or VHS) of the concert and see it as welll as hear it?<br />For those who want the whole show, the Complete Symphonic recording is the set to get. One could argue that some of the casting isn't as perfect as the original productions, but the gain is made by having a symphonic orchstra of 70 players and the best cast members from productions around the world when this set was made in 1988. I own all four recordings and the one I listen to most is the complete symphonic recording.
B00003CXE7|5.0|An anction packed movie with a great storyline sums this movie up entirely.   Each character is played and cast extremely well, totally belieavable,  I especially liked seeing thorgalson as Tigris, extreemely well done.  A brilliant movie I have watched many many times, and one i'm sure I will continue to watch for many years to come.   Enough can't be said about this awesome movie.
B00005JMCW|5.0|I saw this movie with my 11 year old daughter. We had such a great time watching it!! It is something we will always remember doing together.
B00005J6UP|4.0|The Goonies.....A great movie of delightfull fun.   Kids, a lost treasure, pirates, traps, villians, and a barrel full of laughs.<BR>    This movie has delighted my nephew so much that i'm giving him his own copy.   This movie has kept the kids quite and occupied quite a bit....which isn't nessacarilly a bad thing, and i like it myself as well.   Get the gonnies and enjoy....especially get the gonnies if you have kids 10 and under.
0800177177|5.0|This is a very good film on the hole. The only thing that is bad about it is Keanu Reeves accent, it very very bad. But everything else is great. This is one of the best Dracula films of all time!!!!!!!!!!
B0000C1733|4.0|Everyone has their own &quot;greatest hits&quot; on any given artist that they like. I just dont see why some longtime fans bother reviewing an item that it not necessarily designed for them. These albums are often created with those who havent yet bought a single RHCP album in mind. They put all their catchiest and most popular songs so that soon enough even those who were apprehansive before about buying a RHCP album will now buy one.<br />In other words, dont give this album a bad rating just because you own every album and the tracklist doesnt meet your expectations. This album is not for you...now go listen to uplift or something...
B00008EYA5|2.0|By the looks of the tv spots and trailers I thought this movie was going to be better than Training Day, but I was wrong. This is a pathetic excuse for a movie. It has decent action, horrible acting, virtually no plot, and the ending is a disaster.<br />This movie is about a SWAT Team member (Colin Farell) who gets kicked off of his SWAT team only to be put back on another SWAT Team led by Samuel L. Jackson. As luck would have it as soon as the team is assembled a terrorist escapes from prison and they drag on for about an hour before they kill him in the end.<br />Special Features include Audio Commentary, Deleted Scenes, Theatrical Trailer, Gag Reel and Five Featurettes.
B0000DJZA5|1.0|I owned the counterfeit/bootleg version of the &quot;Get Back&quot; on CD and I ABSOLUTELY REGRET buying this disc.<br />Inorganic, soulless (as soulless as the Phil Spector version but less &quot;pretty&quot;) and horrible packaging.<br />Buy the bootleg!<br />Sorry Paul, this was way below what could have been.
B00005OWEG|5.0|Back before Charlie Sheen had made it to Vietnam in his own film and before Martin Sheen became President, there was this film, Apocalypse Now.  The history of the film is as fascinating as the characters who comprise the film (both on and off screen), as is also true of the subject matter -- the controversial and star-crossed venture of America into the dense jungles of southeast Asia.<br />While the director, Francis Ford Coppola, will be remembered for his involvement in many major films (such as American Grafitti, the Godfather series), this film will most likely be the most enduring not only of his works, but also of American war films.  There is a darkness, an eerie mystery that is woven throughout the tale of Captain Willard (Sheen) going into the jungle on a mission he can't tell anyone about, and as we come to learn, this is not merely because he is sworn to secrecy, but discovers that he himself doesn't know what is happening much of the time.  Even as confused and mysterious as the war seemed to the American people (and, as it turns out, the American government), it was no more clear to the soldiers in-country, many of whom developed their own sense of loyalty, community and hierarchies of significance quite independent of the leadership's intentions or the overall war strategies.  Colonel Kurtz has taken off in deep inland areas, and set himself up as a tribal leader and godlike figure for the indigenous peoples, over and against the invaders, who were more the Americans than anyone else.  Willard task was to eliminate Kurtz, but falls under the spell of both the jungle and Kurtz's megalomanical personality.  The crew accompanying Willard gets killled off one by one during the journey and at the camp, until it becomes an epic battle of the spirit, as confused and as ferocious as the Vietnam war itself.<br />This is a film full of stars in minor roles -- Harrison Ford, Robert Duvall (whose line 'I love the smell of napalm in the morning' is perhaps the quintessential quotable-quote of the film), Dennis Hopper, Laurence Fishburn -- even an uncredited R. Lee Ermey ('Full Metal Jacket') appears, as does a cameo by Coppola himself.  Of course, virtually every role in the film is minor save two, that of Sheen (as Captain Williard) and Marlon Brando (as the prey, or is it hunter, Colonel Kurtz).<br />The Redux version is nearly an hour longer than the 'original' cut, already a long film at 2 1/2 hours.  This one comes in a hour longer, with footage that fills the gaps in the plot of the original, including an important section at a country villa that the original colonials, the French, never gave up in the generla retreat from the country.<br />The effects are dark and foreboding, spectacular without being overdone or unrealistic.  From the relentless trip up river to the blowing of the bridge and the air strikes, everything seems both real and unreal, as is often reported about actual combat from experienced soldiers.  That the film won best Oscars for cinematography and sound attests to the quality here, which the DVD experience enhances.  The film was also nominated for best film, best supporting actor  (Duvall), and director (among other categories), and won numerous awards around the world in other venues.<br />The inspiration from Joseph Conrad's 'Heart of Darkness' is clear -- the war's absurdity has driven everyone mad -- the French villa's inhabitants demonstrate a gentle and sad insanity, Kurtz exhibits the rebellious dictatorial insanity, Willard the establishment insanity, and all around are mad in their own rights.  This is a journey into hell, but one discovers that hell was also the starting point.  There is no redemption here, and the ending, while more clear and explicit in this Redux version, still leaves the viewer wanting explanations that, much like those for the war itself, simply do not exist.  The horsemen of the apocalypse, bringing disease and war and death, virtually gallop through this film.<br/>To watch this film is not to understand the war, but perhaps one will appreciate it better.  Every war is an apocalypse; every war represents the end to peace and hope.  Yet there is a world on the other side for those who will survive -- the question becomes, who wants to survive to remember?film.  <br />To watch this film is not to understand the war, but perhaps one will appreciate it better.  Every war is an apocalypse; every war represents the end to peace and hope.  Yet there is a world on the other side for those who will survive -- the question becomes, who wants to survive to remember?
B000001Y79|5.0|wow, i was looking up the new no doubt cd and, seeing the cover of tragic kingdom, I was flooded with memories. no doubt was my favorite band for maybe 2 years and it was entirely because of this album. you can listen to it all the way through and there is not one bad song. if you buy one no doubt album (and its not necessary to buy the others), buy this one. i have their first 2 albums, but there are really only a few good songs, as they hadn't really perfected their style yet. i was real stoked for the next no doubt album, return of saturn, and was real disappointed. they just got worse and worse after it. i guess they couldn't resist the easy MTV fame. but you know what, neither could I probably. if the public is dumb enough to buy it, go for it. i actually like the new cover of Talk Talks It's My Life because I'm a big new wave fan, so if this is the direction the band is going, it's a good sign.
B0000E1ALR|2.0|Sony really got me down with this one. I've expected the real essentials, but got the expanded Greatest Hits package. With the exception of the third disc, of course. Where are the really essential songs that made Bruce an important songwriter? Songs like It's Hard To Be A Saint In The City, Wild Billy's Circus Story, Incident On The 57th Street, Jungleland, Downbound Train to name but a few? This is by all means a collection of great songs, but it's merely an expanded greatest hits collection and NOT a collection of essentials. So if you want hits, buy Greatest Hits for less money. If you want essential Bruce Springsteen, buy original albums and leave this collection alone!!!<br />Two stars for the great songs, but then again two stars for misleading the people. There is more essential in Springsteen than that.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Nothing that hasn't already been said.<br />Great show and I'm sorry its gone.<br />FOX please bring FIREFLY back!!
B00005JKEZ|5.0|Thoroughly enjoyed this! I am likely one of the few to have watched Danny Kaye's &quot;Court Jester&quot;  a dozen times or more before ever having seen what it parodied, Flynn's Robin Hood film. I kept expecting Kaye to pop up anytime! <BR>Seeing the original gave me all the more appreciation for the Kaye movie, and I enjoyed the whole cast of characters.
B0000CD5FN|5.0|Whether you're a Joe Strummer fan who owns the Mescaleros' other 2 albums, or someone who heard Rock the Casbah on the radio one day, and dug it...this album is a must-own.<br />One last, great offering from a rock &amp; roll legend.
1400034779|5.0|Mma. Precious Ramotswe is Botswana's one and only female Private Detective who gets her debut in this delightful first novel by Alexander McCall Smith.<br />This is an easy yet intriguing read with Mma. Precious Ramotswe getting her first case and finding out that being a Private Detective is as much about common sense and good advice as it is about the investigation of a client's case.<br />The plot is neatly cut up into interlocking sections with Mma. Precious Ramotswe taking on her first case to prove if her client's father is actually HER client's father!  She gets the answer in a most ingenious way and this opens the door to more cases, including the disappearance of a young boy and a sinister mystery in the form of a small bag of human bones...<br />As you weave your way through the story you meet a selection of wonderful characters like Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni the owner of Speedy Motors who is sweet on Precious, and Mma. Makutsi, the cleverest secretary in Botswana, she scored 97 percent on her secretarial exam and now works for Mma. Precious Ramotswe, serving bush tea, introducing clients and secretly pinning her hopes on becoming a trainee Private Detective!<br />This book is not what you call an exciting read but this does not stop it from being totally engrossing and enjoyable; in fact if you are looking for excitement it is best that you give this book a miss as you will be disappointed.  It is slow an interesting read, with plenty of description about Botswana life and her people, as well as the mystery element of a Private Detective novel.<br />Mma. Precious Ramotswe has been likened to an African Miss Marple, well I am inclined to disagree though I do think she is as clever as Miss Marple, she does not have Miss Marple's ruthless streak.  Rather she is compassionate and understanding about the frailties of human nature.<br />In the not so distant past she herself was a battered wife with a short lived marriage to a violent trumpet player who deserted her as well as having the joy of motherhood for a brief few days.  Because of this Precious has acquired an acute understanding of what it is to be flawed and full of human desires and like Miss Marple uses her experiences to understand the situations she is asked to investigate.  But as I said before the similarities between the two is like chalk and cheese.<br />Well worth the read, but remember don't expect fast cars, fast women and fast men.  This is a story about life on the edge of the Kalahari, were life can be both beautiful and harsh.<br />A cracker of a first novel.as well as having the joy of motherhood for a brief few days.  Because of this Precious has acquired an acute understanding of what it is to be flawed and full of human desires and like Miss Marple uses her experiences to understand the situations she is asked to investigate.  But as I said before the similarities between the two is like chalk and cheese.<br />Well worth the read, but remember don't expect fast cars, fast women and fast men.  This is a story about life on the edge of the Kalahari, were life can be both beautiful and harsh.<br />A cracker of a first novel.
B00005JME0|5.0|The Butterfly Effect was an incredible movie with an incredible star. Ashton Kutcher did a phenomenal job in this movie.  He really does a great job breaking away from his normal comedy roles.  I can't stand how all of the critics are bashing him. Not one person I have talked to didn't like the movie. After the movie played in FULL theater, everyone clapped. The only reason that these critics are giving this movie such bad reviews is because they are jealous. <BR>I think Ashton Kutcher is incredibly talented and everyone should be aploding him for this movie.<BR>Lindsey
0064407667|5.0|The aweful, terrible, horrendous, and just plain bad beginning of this series could not get any better!  The tale is a mockery of all those sickeningly sweet childrens tales.  Everything in the story goes wrong, everyhting that can go wrong does.  With the confert of the children always sticking together.  The three children's parent's die, and they have to go through \\"bad guys\\" who watch over then and who want to seal their fortune.  This is a wtory for older children who are tired of happy happy happy stories.  Children who take things copletely seriously and are very worried about the cildren wouldn't liek this book, but might when they are older.  I would recomend this book for anyone over 8.  And that's all folks!
B00004TJWE|3.0|There is no denying the groundbreaking influence of this release in 1968 as the first rock opera. It truly showed the rock format did not have to exist within the confines of the 3 minute pop single nor the collection of unrelated songs that typically made up an album. It deserves major points for its musically experimental nature as well as the innovative concept. <br />That said, it in no way compares to the brilliance of The Who's Tommy as a timeless piece of music. The biggest weakness I see is most of the effort has been spent on &quot;concept&quot; and not enough on song development. You just can't point to any songs in this collection that stand on their own as great songs. Another weakness I see is the overall production quality. A little too much &quot;dated&quot; sounding production techniques (I would guess the Status Quo, Pictures of Matchstick Men was very popular around this time). Probably 4 stars for innovation, but 3-1/2 stars for overall musical quality.<br />SF Sorrow is certainly an interesting experiment and provides a worthy entry into the developmental history of late 60's rock which was becoming increasingly more progressive near the end of that decade. Its lack of commercial success is certainly not surprising. In retrospect, the &quot;concept&quot; of Tommy was not what made it so successful for The Who. The fact that it stood up alone as a great piece of music connected by some brilliant songs is what made it. Today, nobody talks about the brilliance of the story of Tommy, do they? <br />If you want to truly discover a fairly obscure rock opera from the late 60's, I would suggest picking up a CD copy of The Kinks, Arthur. Though the rock opera concept is not quite so apparent in Arthur, the literary story is very powerful (for the most part, a nonfiction story), and the brilliance of some individual songs is what makes it great. Also, it is not bogged down by any dated sounding production techniques. For the most part, it rocks! Be forewarned, this is not the sound of The Kinks you might be more familiar with through their more popular works. Give it a chance and you will be rewarded.
B00009V7RF|4.0|although this is a fun CD, it was disappointing to buy the cd after hearing HEY MAMA on the radio and finding it is a completly different version on the CD.  False advertising has no room here.
B00005JME0|5.0|the butterfly effect was a great movie. It was scarry, suspenseful, and full of excitement. The next time I can I will go see it again with my boyfriend since it was a scarry movie. I will definately buy the movie and I would like to congradulate all of the actors they did a marvelous job
B00004S8X5|5.0|It really stinks that the original US edition of this album is out of print, especially with Kylie's recent resurgance of popularity stateside. <br />But anyways, this is the album that started it all for the international pop goddess. Long before Britney dazzled us, there was Kylie. Although this received modest success in the US back in the late-80's this album set records overseas and was a phenomenon. With the help of pop producers SAW *who made huge hits for Rick Astley and Bananarama* Kylie danced her way on to the pop charts. &quot;The Locomotion&quot; was the big US hit hitting #3 on the pop charts. My favorite track has to &quot;I Should Be So Lucky&quot; which was a top 40 hit in the states but a huge #1 single in the UK. The catchy pop ditty &quot;It's No Secret&quot; was her third Us top 40 hit. &quot;Got To Be Certain&quot; is also outstanding as &quot;Turn it Into love&quot; and &quot;I don't Know Why&quot; *the french track.* I also very much enjoy &quot;Love At First sight&quot; which is the closing track. *Kylie would later do a song by the same title for &quot;Fever&quot; and have a huge top 40 hit with it in the US.* <br />This may be corny but is a great and fun representation of 80's pop and a must for Kylie fans. I love her later works such as &quot;Fever&quot; and &quot;Light Years&quot;, but this still stands out.
B0000DZEA1|5.0|My opinion is the same than many people's one: this CD (and these CDs...) is (are) simply genius.<br />Before seeing and loving LOTR movies, my references in fantastic cinema and music was the star wars trilogy and the music of John Williams; but now Howard Shore and Peter Jackson have replaced John Williams and George Lucas in my heart.<br />The first CD of LOTR was very rich, containing a lot of thematics, the second, darker, introduces the world of men with the magnificent theme of eorlingas (I have listened it so much... at least a hundred of times...), and the last CD concludes the trilogy by a magnificent set.<br />On this last CD, many titles are so beautiful... it is the first time listening some of them for the first time made me tearing. It is too emotional , as one of the reviewer has said.<br />My prefered ones: minas tirith, the white tree (during the movie the ensemble of the images and the music was the most extraordinary cine moment of my life, tremendous introduction to the battles and to the culminant moments of the movie... frrr...), Shelob's lair (terrific, and a very elaborated partition), fields of Pelennor , the magnificent air of flute in  front of the black gate, the end of the ring, and finally all the titles are my prefered ones ;o).<br />A very very high ensemble, and my favorite illegal substance ;o)<br />And a great thank you to Howard Shore.
B00005KFUM|4.0|Many may criticize this review for comparing this to Muse's previous and last albums. But it is also the only way to make a point about their big improvement in a short period of time. When they started out with Musclem Museum and Unintended we could already see the potential, lyrically but mainly musically. Let's face it, Matt Bellamy won't be remembered for his ethereal lines as much as for those splendid riffs. So Origin of Symmetry can be seen as the closing link between mediocrity and genius. Opening &quot;New born&quot; sounds as good after the 20th listening as it did the first time you got it in your player. And from then on there is no turning back. The blasting trilogy &quot;Bliss&quot;, &quot;Space dementia&quot; and &quot;Hyper music&quot; can only give us a hint of the album's peak point that is &quot;Plug in baby&quot;.  After that we get a taste of old sounds (i.e. Showbiz era)with &quot;Darkshines&quot; and &quot;Feeling good&quot; The masterful performed &quot;Citizen erased&quot; and the unexpectedly masterful &quot;Screenager&quot; sandwich the CD's big flaw that should have been the B-side to some obscure unreleased track. Overall, Origin of Symmetry leaves us with the sweet taste of a better Muse. And maturity wouldn't take long to show its neck around the corner.
0553208845|5.0|As young Siddhartha realizes early on his journey for enlightenment, &quot;Wisdom cannot be taught.&quot;  Paradoxically in reading this insight within the text, along with many more, I found as a reader that I did feel more wise. Sidddhartha is not a book of adventure or excitement, but one of life and introspection.  It tells the story of the journey of a man to find meaning, and it is the universal journey we all travel, although today it seems we may get too caught up within the frantic, frenetic nature of life to remember it's how we perceive the world, ourselves, and our place within time that really matters. This book helped me to slow down and just think about the &quot;eternity of a moment&quot; and the wisdom and insights that I may hold inside me.  This is a book to read first when you are a teenager and then again every few years later.  It's beautiful.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|It is always hard to convey with words what you can only express with emotions. That is the power of Absolution, Muse's best album to date and arguably the best import to come from England during 2003. It took me this long to write my appreciation, because every time I put it in my player I gather more and more details that leave me breathless at its excellence. Sounds like an exageration; it is not. Muse's new album is perfect from beginning to end, and the only flaw might be its own opulence. If Origin of Symmetry showed a Muse struggling to display their liking for string arrengement and operatic cyber punk, Absolution holds nothing back and pours it all out in front of your brains. If I were to name a highlight in this odyssey, I would pick \\"Stockholm syndrome\\" for the relentless beat that blows anything done by this band before (single of the year, hello) and \\"Butterflies & Hurricanes\\", for it summons what Muse has waited to play all their lives: a sumptuous masterpiece. Try \\"Hysteria\\" and \\"Time is running out\\" for a graduated lesson in sonic vision. Taste \\"Absolution\\" and \\"Endlessly\\" for a glance at musical glory. Just stop reading and buy this album now. The end might be near, and you will be glad you heard this before departing with the alien souls.
B0000TG9E2|5.0|This is a great adaptation and one of the better Disney movies.
B00013PHGS|5.0|This review may be for people who don't know Air.  I had heard the song Playground Love before and liked it, but other than that Air's soothing melodies were new to me.  But this cd is simply amazing.  I'm almost lost for words.  So melodic, at times so Beatlesque, and so beautiful.  It is definitely the most beautiful, enchanting cd I've ever heard.  I honestly dont know one person that wouldnt like this cd; if you like the Beatles, Beck, Flaming Lips, etc. - buy it. If you like pop music - buy it.  Even if you like studying or chill music, this is the best - buy it.  Cherry Blossom Girl is amazing, but honestly Universal Traveler is now my favorite song ever.  It just takes you to another place......
0385484518|5.0|The woman at the book store recommended I read this book before Albom's \\"5 People You Meet in Heaven\\".  I'm glad she did.  This is a wonderful introduction into the writing style of sportswriter Albom.  Brilliantly, and movingly, paced, this book takes you on what is really the ultimate journey for us all.<br />Morrie approaches death with unquestionable courage, but not the \\"stiff upper lip\\" kind.  He uses his last remaining months celebrating his life.  He does so by doing what he had always done...he teaches.  And Mitch Albom is his main pupil.  Through their remaining time together, Mitch learns what he has been missing in life, even as he witnesses the death of someone he loves as a father-figure.  As Morrie dies, it is apparant that Mitch is beginning to finally live.<br />This is definitely one those books you keep.  To re-read and to lend out.  Enjoy.
B000003TAR|5.0|Nevermind was a good album, don't get me wrong, but In Utero<BR>clearly surpasses it in almost every aspect. It showed the real<BR>talent and potential of Nirvana, the heavy mix and the severty<BR>of the album shows this. Nevermind had a pop mix to it and it<BR>wasn't as heavy as any of the other albums. Even Kurt himself<BR>said he didn't like the mixing on Nevermind. In Utero has the<BR>hits like Heart-Shaped Box, Rape Me, All Apologies,and Pennyroyal<BR>Tea and it also has tracks like Milk It and Scentless Apprentice<BR>that are as good as the hits. You know there are albums that have<BR>songs you want to skip over and there are albums that have hit<BR>after hit. You'll never have to skip a single track.
B00004XPP0|3.0|There's not much praise I can give to the new effects in this movie; the only ones that are really effective are the ones in the extended assault on the Death Star in &quot;A New Hope.&quot;  It's great to see the X-wings soaring around at break-neck speed like we always knew they could, and we get marvelous new angles of the Death Star's variated surface.  I would have to say that this is where it should have ended though.<br />It's tough to take all three movies into account at the same time because of the strength of one, the brilliance of the other, and the somewhat troublesome last one.  It's sort of common ruling that &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot; is the best, &quot;Star Wars&quot; the second, and &quot;Return of the Jedi&quot; the last.  Now, considering what &quot;Jedi&quot; is up against, it's still a great movie, just not &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot; quality.  Forgive me for saying this too, but were it not for &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot; I don't think we'd be talking about Star Wars like we do today, and George Lucas's ghastly new movies would be only sidebar mentions in movie-mags.<br />Overall, the quality of the tapes isn't very good.  The picture is exceedingly bright, to the point where we can't make out details in the background.  The special effects are sort of a first-generation attempt at modern movie sophistication (&quot;Matrix&quot; anyone?) and were interesting at first glance, but considering how far we've come since then, they've become almost corny in appearance.  What's up with Jabba the Hutt?  He looks now like a concept effect and not a finished product.  And why couldn't they clean up the lightsaber effect?  If so much of the movie's old effects weren't good enough to remain, why was the painted-on blade allowed to stay? (which is the only good thing about the new movies vs. the old ones).  And what's interesting too is how they still don't stack up to those highly detailed models they made back in the 70's and 80's.  Give mea Star Destroyer cruising past before I see Jabba the Hutt slithering on by.<br />The performances haven't changed except for Han Solo shooting first (an unforgivable transgression by Lucas, must all our heroes be virtuous and unspoilt?)  Frank Oz's performance as Yoda was allowed to remain, which we should all thank our lucky stars for.  I suppose Lucas didn't want to jeopardize his relationship with Oz since he needed him for the new trilogy.  <br />All in all, I prefer the old versions to the revamped versions, which I can still find at my local used-book and movie outlet.  I would recommend going purest and getting those instead of these &quot;special edition&quot; versions.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I can't believe anyone gave this movie 5 stars.  Why?  The story is so absolutely boring.  It goes no where.  I have a $15,000 home theater, and I love good and bad movies.  My friends got so excited after I told them about the reviews, the golden globe awards, and the oscar nominations.  One hour through the movie we were all crying out loud, \\"stop the movie.\\"  What's shocking is not that it's a bad movie.  I would have tolerated it if the reviews said that it was, but critics were flipping A's and B's all over the place for it.  I can't understand it.<br /><br />Don't believe them.  It's horrible.  It's slow.  And finally, the movie's trailer was mostly taken from the first few mintues of the movie.  There were a couple of laughes in the first 20 minutes.  Then, nothing.
B00006GO9Q|5.0|This is one of the best albums ever released. It has a subtle, quiet power that can be overwhelming if heard at the right time. It's good on a rainy day or at night, without other sounds interfering. My favorite aspect of this album is the multiple keyboard arrangements, where the keyboard players almost seem to be conducting a conversation with each other in the background. The guitar work is also very subtle, not overbearing as McLaughlin can sometimes be. It's amazing he'd have the versatility to do this and the work he did in the Tony Williams Lifetime around the same period. In a sense this album is most easily classified as ambient music, and can almost be seen as the genesis of modern downtempo &quot;electronica.&quot; However, here we have real musicians playing the various parts, and it shows. There's improvisation as well as structure, personal input from Teo Macero in his excellent mixing work, and that classic shimmering hornwork from Miles. It's my favorite Miles release and one of the best of all time.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|How do you rate any Beatles album with less than five stars?<br />All of us Beatle fans snapped up all the original CDs as soon as they came out in 1987, and we're still buying Beatle product. In fact, we've bought several recordings multiple times just because the old album wore out, or they came out with &quot;the original master recording&quot; or we could get the whole library as released in England. We also bought the Anthology sets, and then went ahead to the DVDs. Us Beatle fans are an extraordinarily faithful bunch.<br />If you know where Let it Be plays in Beatle history, you know that these are four guys with a really bad attitude, playing fantastic music.<br />I like it. But you really have to be a Beatles fan to buy this version of Let it Be. I've noticed two main things about the music. I like &quot;Long and Winding Road&quot; even without the strings. I'm disappointed in the version of &quot;Let it Be&quot; they used here. The guitar solo is either the single version, or very related to it. The guitar solo on the original album/CD is totally awesome, and I'd much rather have that one.<br />I know Billy Preston was playing &quot;fifth Beatle&quot; at the time, and certainly did fine work, I still think it belongs on the original, and not on the Naked album, for the most part.<br />If you are a Beatles person, buy it. If you aren't, don't - you won't hear the differences we hear. If you've never bought Let it Be at all, you should. It's still great music, even today!
B0000B1OFL|5.0|Well written - keeps you guessing the whole time.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I was hooked on Firefly from the first episode and was so looking forward to a long run of this excellent show. Then, tragically, like all too many shows with original characters and plots, it was axed long before its time. I'm going to write to Fox again and tell them what an utter mistake they made in canceling this fascinating, unique gem. Then, if the cast is still available try to encourage Fox, or even better the Sci-Fi Channel, to pick up this show and run with it. Other networks try for years and years to create the kind of rare chemistry of an ensemble cast and story lines that work as well as this show did from the very first episode. It had, and still has, the potential to air for many years without growing stale and derivative.
B000002B30|4.0|This collection of hits from Bruce Springsteen encompasses his career from the very beginning with songs such as &quot;Born to Run&quot; and &quot;Hungry Heart&quot; to more recent times with the hits &quot;Brilliant Disguise&quot; and, my favorite, &quot;Human Touch&quot;.  Other classics, such as  &quot;Dancing in the Dark, which turned Courtney Cox into a household name, and the patriotic &quot;Born in the USA&quot; add to the impressive line up on this cd.<br />Two songs which were included in major motion pictures are included as well, these being &quot;Streets of Philadelphia&quot;, from the box office smash &quot;Philadelphia&quot;, starring Tom Hanks, and the other is &quot;Secret Garden&quot; from &quot;Jerry Maguire&quot; starring Tom Cruise.<br />Of course, Bruce is backed by his famous E-Street Band on these songs, and Clarence Clemons' sax and Max Weinberg's drums are heard loud and clear on each song.<br />This is the only Springsteen cd I own, and I listen to it often while driving in my car.  I recommend this disc to the casual Springsteen listener rather than the die-hard fan.  Its good for the casual listener because all of the hits are contained here, whereas the die-hard fan would probably own most or all of the Springsteen albums anyway.  Listen to this fine cd and hear the music of a classic American musical legend.
B00015HVI8|4.0|This one makes six straight seasons of good Science Fiction televison. While Daniel Jackson is mostly gone now, replaced by Jonas Quinn, the stories generally still manage to achieve a high level of just about everything.<BR>I liked the Osiris and Thor bits, and I thought \\"The Other Guys\\" was a bit too silly (it had a few Star Trek joke bits and Enterprises John Billingsley was a guest). The Air Force starship \\"Prometheus\\" was ridiculous becasue it would take far too many years to design and build such a massive object(It's only been about 7 years or so since Earth first ran into the Goa'uld, you'd need more time than that just to understand the technology let alone even think of using it)<BR>The best parts of the episode \\"Descent\\" were the water scenes in which Carter and O'Neill almost drown in a corridor (that was a specially built set made up to be sunk in a deep pool)and the one in which Jonas must do a little underwater circuit work to save them.<BR>\\"Frozen\\" was one of my favorite episodes ;the body of a woman is found frozen in ice in Antarctica not far from the location of the second Stargate found on Earth. She revives during the thawing process and is determined to be from Earth's distant past, probably one of the Ancient races that really did build the Stargate system. Unfortunately she's infected with some virus, alomst kills everyone in the lab. In the end she saves them but dies in the process. O'Neill can't be saved so the Tok'ra take him away to be, grudgingly, temporarily implanted with a symbiote. The next episode \\"Abyss\\" was a sequel to this one, and was pretty sloppy in some ways, it did have Daniel Jackson appearing to O'Neill to help him out.<BR>As always you've got O'Neill's humorous/ dumb commentary in each episode, sometimes that guy can seem too stupid for the job.
B00005JKNF|4.0|I loved this movie - other reviewers seem to miss the point of the intricacies (sp?) of the plot and how it was filmed. The director had no script, just character descriptions and plotlines for the actors to follow. It is entirely improvised which is what makes it so wonderful and amazing. The mystery is told from the viewpoint of the manor house staff when a murder occurs and there are several people who could be blamed for it. It is nearly impossible to know who &quot;did it&quot; until the very end. It is beautifully filmed in a very creative manner - I highly recommend it!
1400049628|5.0|This book is a good source for anti-zombie warfare. I was interested on it both because of its topic and its author; Max Brooks is Mel Brook's son. I was expecting a book with open jokes and perhaps a parody, but was impressed when I saw how seriously the author dealt with the topic; it was almost convincing, actually. Aside from the smooth writing and interesting detailed information about defeating the undead, I was also quite pleased at how Mr. Brooks would every now and then, while explaining some feature about zombies, pinch us humans with sharp comments, as, for example, in the statement &quot;Americans have a special relationship with handguns&quot; (page 47). People wishing to create good zombie stories should consult this book; also, the &quot;Recorded Attacks&quot; add a touch of realism and perhaps some ideas for good plots. This book may not cause severe laughter, but its refined humor added to very properly divided chapters and good writing are sure worth the money and time.
0385504209|5.0|Once you pick up this book you won't want to put it down! Dan Brown takes you off  a simple path and onto a quest...one that involves the Holy Grail. During your journey you'll glimpse tidbits from history, religion, art, and more. It is a great read and you'll whip right through it.<br />The book opens with a murder in the Louvre Museum in France. The murdered curator is also linked to a secret society that goes back to the time of Christ. Complex clues take you into a closer look into famous artwork and figures throughout history. The curator's daughter is a cryptographer who deciphers the code and embarks on an adventure with a symbol specialist from the US. Exciting events, shadows of corruption, greed, and more thicken the mix. You'll learn interesting trivia and symbolism from many great works of art and figures from the past.<br />The Da Vinci Code is an enthralling mix of story telling and interesting research into the past. Find out what the hoopla is all about and make your own decision by reading this book--you won't regret it!
B00006RAKP|5.0|if you don't know elton's music, get this CD.<BR>I did...and now I know his stuff<BR>by the way, &quot;Candle in the wind&quot; isn't a love song, it's a regretful (is that a word?) look at marilyn monroe's life
B0000D14JV|5.0|Jamie Lee Curtis as Tess Coleman, and her daughter Anna, played by Lindsay Lohan, are wonderfully teamed as a hapless mother and daughter trapped in eachothers bodies after sharing a fortune cookie laced with oriental voodoo.<br />Although Anna and Tess are mother and daughter, they are not communicating and are too wrapped up in the selfishness of their own wants and needs.  Tess is getting married to new love Ryan, played by Mark Harmon, and Anna is wrapped up in her rock band, friends and boyfriend to be Jake (Chad Michael Murray).  She is also battling a vengeful Mr. Bates (Stephen Talblowsky)the sadistic English teacher, and Ex-Friend turned &quot;Insane Psycho Freak&quot; Stacy Hinckhouse. It is when Anna becomes Tess and Tess becomes Anna, that their two very different worlds, begin to make sense to them.  It is then that they both realize just how special each of them is to themselves, as well as to eachother.<br />The film is well paced, well done, with a killer soundtrack that keeps the mood lively and happy throughout.  All the characters are clearly drawn and fun to watch and root for.  As I always say, when you care about the characters, the movie has lived up to its budget.  You cannot wait to see Tess and Anna make it to the moment where they realize how to be selfless, the only way they can be switched back.  Meanwhile, it is wonderful when Tess as Anna is forced to &quot;Act like Keith&quot; at a very important performance for the band, while Anna as Tess unplugs her mom, and plays for her.  Tess gets to see the world through her daughters eyes and be young again, while Anna see life through eyes that look like the belong to &quot;The Crypt Keeper&quot;!  All the while nobody except them know what is actually going on.  When do they finally unfreak? Watch and find out!<br />There are too many great moments to go into here, so I suggest you see this as soon as possible.  I watch this with my daughter all the time and I love it as much as she does.  At any age, this movie is a delight that will entertain you time and time again.t any age, this movie is a delight that will entertain you time and time again.
B00003CXDV|4.0|&quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; gives sci-fi lovers a swift, but soft and loving, kick in the pants.  It is dead-on with its parody of sci-fi television, the actors involved, and the herds of loving fans who, admittedly, do take their science fiction just a little too seriously.  If your a fan of shows such as &quot;Star Trek,&quot; &quot;Farscape,&quot; or &quot;Doctor Who,&quot; you'll definitely identify with this movie.<br />What makes this movie so unique, however, is the fact that it uses the sometimes fanatic behavior of sci-fi fans who take their favorite shows too seriously and puts that passion in actual aliens who believe the crew of &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; are real.<br />It pokes fun at just about every stereotypical sci-fi fan.  From youngsters who argue over certain inaccuracies about the ship with the &quot;captain&quot; to average looking folks trying to mimic their favorite vixen from the show, it's all here.  Overacting, underappreciated and Shakespearian-trained co-stars fed up with miserable catch phrases, child-stars trying to break from the past, etc.  The stereotypes overflow.<br />As a science fiction film, &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; stands quite well on its own.  The special effects are brilliant considering this is plugged as a comedy.  The acting is superb, especially Sigourney Weaver, who pulls off being a dim-bulb blonde in great contrast of other characters she has played.  Tim Allen, Tony Shalhoub and the rest of the cast are perfect.<br />This is a fun film worth owning, especially if you love your science fiction with a great story and brilliant visuals.<br />Highly recommended.
B00013PHGS|5.0|This CD is amazing. It's my new favorite Air CD, and one of the best albums ever in the electronica genre. The approach on this album is much more minimalistic, or at least as minimalistic as electronica can safely be, and definitely moreso than Air has ever been before. I particularly enjoy tracks 1. Venus, 3. Run, and 5. Mike Mills, but they're all great. &quot;Biological&quot; probably would be noted as the one near-weak spot on the disc, but with so much good stuff going on, you won't even notice. Air's previous releases are excellent too, so if this is your first exposure to Air, I would recommend checking out the other ones in this order: The Virgin Suicides (OST), Moon Safari, Premiers Symptomes, 10,000hz Legend, Everybody Hertz.<BR>Anyway, I haven't had a chance to check out the DVD yet, but I'm pretty anxious to, if it's even a fraction as good as the album.<BR>The two gentlemen from Air (also on the cover of this CD) are French, but don't dismiss them thinking they must be like most other modern French music, with a lot of words but no &quot;vocals&quot;. This is cream-of-the-crop, sophisticated, intelligent, relaxing, moving, electronic music at its finest hour.
B000060OFT|2.0|Take a timeless classic, set somewhere in the 1500s and modernize it to the 20th century.  I'm not sure what the purpose of doing this is ... maybe to entice teeny boppers to appreciate brilliant literature with a big box office draw like Leonardo DiCaprio!  That's probably why I couldn't get into this movie.  Shakespeare would roll over in his grave!  No one would believe that anyone talks like that in this day and age.  I think that if a retelling of Romeo and Juliet had to be done, put it in modern-age language.  This cannot compare to Zefferelli's version (1968) or West Side Story (1961), nor would I try.  Even Leo couldn't save this one.
B00005JLXE|4.0|Despite choppy moments Daredevil is a awesome comic book movie. I look forward to the director's cut. I didn't mind it that they put in so many comic book characters and thought that kept it exciting. I also liked the soundtrack a lot. Hopefully the director's cut wil be even more kick ass.
0312979479|5.0|Known as the Queen of Crime, Agatha Christie lures readers into a world of deadly deception with her famous novel And Then There Were None. She is renowned worldwide for her genius mystery plots that are entwined with thrill and surprise for the reader as they learn more about her characters. Her literary works include Murder on the Orient Express, The Man in the Brown Suit, and The Seven Dials Mystery.<br /> In this novel, ten strangers turn up to visit Indian Island, a place right off the coast of Devon and a constant in newspapers; yet, when they arrive, their host, whom none of them seem to know, isn't there. Accusations of past murder for each guest surface, and one by one, a guest gets murdered in correlation with lines from an old nursery rhyme about ten little Indians. The island is searched for the murderer, but they discover no one is there but themselves; the conclusion is drawn that one of them is the murderer, but as the deaths increase, the number of possible culprits dwindles. The reader becomes the only person sane enough to uncover the killer's identity.<br /> Memories linger within each of the guests' minds, and as their fears of death grow stronger, so does their conscience of the past. Fear and suspense are beautifully portrayed in this novel because as the novel progresses, it becomes easy for the reader to adapt a character's emotions of fear and guilt. The familiarity developed between the reader and characters makes this 275 page novel seem like 50 pages whether read by savoring each accusation or gobbling up each suspicion. It is as though this book embodies all elements of a classic mystery, yet it is tinged with the madness of the characters' own twisted consciences, making the perfect combination for a gripping plot.<br /> With haunting suspense and a chilling ending, And Then There Were None deserves five out of five stars. When the murderer's identity is revealed, every piece of the story fits like a perfect puzzle, a literary marvel that could only be achieved so gracefully by Agatha Christie.uld only be achieved so gracefully by Agatha Christie.
B000002UAR|5.0|Please Please Please get this album if you don't already have it. This is truly the greatest album ever made. And I am a hardcore metal fan. I implore you, get this album now. t is utter perfection acquired through the greatest medium: music.
B0000666DW|5.0|I don't listen to as much metal as i used too, but i've always known, that Relpse has always had the BEST metal bands. Cephalic Carnage, The Dillinger Escape Plan, Nile, Nasum, Today Is The Day, Neurosis, This list goes one! and Mastodon joins the ranks of one of the best. The album is crushingly brutal, suprisingly technicl, and shockingly beautiful at times. I've read an interview or two and they say the next album will suprise alot of people. They said there will be more melody, but it will also be heavier. They've defnitly got some great influences, such as The Melvins! I can't wait to hear more from these guys! do yourself a favor wether you like metal or not (besides this cd other cds i have in rotation are &quot;El cielo by dredg, &quot;Raw Power&quot; by Iggy and The Stooges, &quot;Bossanova&quot; by The Pixies, &quot;Sowardfish Troumbones&quot; by Tom Waits, and &quot;Irony is a dead scene&quot; by The Dillinger Escape Plan to name a few) Get this album NOOWW
B0000DZEA1|4.0|This soundtrack (all three soundtracks really) become even more amazing in light of the Ainulindale (Tolkien's story of the beginning of the world and the beginning of good and evil).  In it, God creates creatures to make music in accordance with a theme the he has devised.  But one of the creatures decides that he can do better and tries to create his own theme that ends up causing horrible discord.  But God takes the the discord and weaves it back into the music, creating a richer and fuller theme than had previously existed.  This soundtrack does that phenomenally well.  Howard Shore and Peter Jackson have done a fabulous job in evoking this idea in the music.<br />However, this CD has a few shortcomings, mostly of omission.  The most glaring for me is the moment of the darkest hour, when a thousand Rohirrim horns are heard in the distance, bringing hope (and ushering in the best action sequence of the entire movie).  Although the &quot;Ride of the Rohirrim&quot; is good in its own right, it doesn't do justice to the music that appeared in the movie.  (I always find it sad, not to mention diappointing, when a favorite part of movie music becomes sterilized in the published soundtrack.)
6305696071|5.0|I like movies but don't watch them as often as I'd like.  Pretty Woman, Julia Roberts, is a classic for me that I've watched 100 times and will watch at least 100 more.  Evokes every emotion. Chemistry between Julia and Richard is perfect.
0452285186|4.0|And I loved it.  :-)  Nothing like a twisted mind to make you laugh.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Michael Bay is the director who singlehandedly (with &quot;The Rock&quot;) turned me off to mainstream movies.  I used to be the target audience for this garbage, but something about his crass, sleazy, vapid &quot;style&quot; just got to me.  Then I had the misfortune of being snowed in with this &quot;movie&quot; on tv.  All I can say is, any film that plays the line &quot;This is turning into a surrealistic nightmare!&quot; seriously has got to be shredded lest it be unearthed centuries from now.  And everyone (except Liv Tyler and Steve Buscemi) associated with this vomit should be gently put to sleep.
B0000DD7LC|1.0|This new release does not come close to the universal appeal of her first one.  In my opinion it does not showcase her amazing talent very well. I think it speaks to a limited audience and doesn't display her musicianship well.
B00006V9A0|4.0|Good for the causal listener, a let down for Nirvana nerds who wish that every 30 second snippet of Kurt was on CD somewhere, and a victory for media leech Courtney. Let's face it, Nirvana made great albums. They were never a &quot;singles&quot; band in the classic sense of the word. Not like any of these songs don't sound fantastic on the radio or MTV, just that every album was uniform in its excellence. So instead of 5 stars, it makes a pretty cool 4 star set, with a nice set of liner notes.<br />On the other hand, should you be looking for a bargain, &quot;Nirvana&quot; will suffice. It treats each album pretty fairly and &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; is here for those who really crave having the one big song. The disc's second big draw, the previously unreleased &quot;You Know You're Right,&quot; is a full bodied rage at the fame game that Kurt was tiring of. It could have easily been a &quot;Nevermind&quot; cut. For a band that rewrote the music books, this is the Cliffs Notes version.
B000002534|5.0|&quot;Borboletta&quot; is yet another in a series of musical transitions<BR>taken by Carlos Santana and his band over the years,in this case a transition from heavy latin fusion to R&amp;B and funk.&quot;Cantos de les Flores&quot; gets the ball rolling with a very traditional Santana-style percussive afro-latin jam (coulda' come off the bands first album really) but this album doesn't stay there for long.&quot;Life Is Anew&quot;,&quot;Give And Take&quot; and &quot;Practice What You Preach&quot; toughen up the grooves with a funkier backbeat and strong songwriting and lyricism as Santana leave behind their jam-oriented 60's era roots in favor of a more concise sense of songcraft.This apporch streches across the bulk of the album that only returns to the bands latin rock roots on the closing title song.As a release &quot;Borboletta&quot; stands between 1973's &quot;Welcome&quot; and 1976's highly funky &quot;Amigo's&quot;.And the exact same can be said said musically.So fans of those two albums will be<BR>at home here.
6305662371|4.0|I am an average 13 year kid who is a fan of horror movies, and this movie was at the top of my list of 'Must see horror movies' After i watched it, i thought it was pretty good, except the possesed girl's behavior completly ruined the film. I let it go when she threw up green stuff, and her head spinning on her neck, but the part when shes masturbating with the cruicifix, that was the last straw. D.I.S.G.U.S.T.I.N.G.!!<BR>And i do admit, it was pretty creepy, but it was more 'weird' than 'scary'. But this movie is good, even though some scenes are quite disturbing. So unless you worship vomit or your name is Joe McMasturbate, this movie is terrible.
B0000TB03W|2.0|How can people be so biased thowasrds a star? Im not questioning the quality of Shanias reppertoire and skill. No. Im giving it two stars because of the appearance of a &quot;cheap&quot; and rushed product this DVD have. <br />How can it be possible that, in the DVD era, Shania release a DVD with absolutely NONE extras, no bonus material, no backstage footage, no interviews, there is not even the names of the band members at the final credits. Incredible! THis, of course, its typical example of an artist (no, I mean a record company or manager) that knows that its artist reached a level of fidelity from his fans that he can release any kind of product and it will sell.
B0000VAFO0|4.0|A must see if for comparative with other films in the vampire genre. Some similarities with the movie &quot;Blade II&quot; seem like a rip-off, however, depicting ancient vampires in postmodern times has taken the form of desicated/emaciated mummy-like beings. Overall well done.<br />For those who enjoy the role playing genre of horror games you will unmistakable note similarites between this movie and White Wolf studios games like Vampire: the Masquerade &amp; Werewolf: the Apocalypse.
0062502182|1.0|This book deserves nothing but mockery. It has almost become a fashion (starting with Hemingway) to relate a story with command of 500 words,or so. It won`t take long and these authors will take to writing primitive novels using their mobile phones. How can one read something that is below his or her ability? Good heavens, get a book that is rich in both language and thought so that you can profit from it, at least intellectually. But enough of my criticizing of his defect in language skills, and let`s proceed to the story in question. Is this supposed to be a new way of philosophical aprroach to readers? If so, this man is a laughing stock. This hackeyed plot is not worthy reading one page, let alone the whole of it.  Not for demanding readers.<br />To sum up, this wholeheartedly praised simpleton, apparently having graduated from a primary school, is a lame ancestor of civilized culture. <br />If you, by chance, insist on claiming this book to be simple, thus, simple authors for simple readers.
B000002MTR|5.0|One Hot minute is very good. The best songs are probably- WARPED,MY FRIENDS,DEEP KICK, and SHALLOW BE THY GAME. Overall this is a very good cd and you should buy it.
B00006JDVV|3.0|The moment people talk about a dragon movie, three images may come to mind: Godzilla, mediaeval adventure/sword & sorcery, and sci-fi books a la Pern. I have nothing against any of them but was glad that Reign of Fire (ROF) stayed away from any of these premises. <br />I'm not going to argue that the film doesn't have any plot holes or that we didn't get to see the dragons as much we would have wanted. There are plenty of them and I think the total screen time for the dragons is around 10 -15 minutes. On the other hand being set in an apocalyptic future allows it to combine a survival theme and expand upon the relationships of the main characters which may have turned off some viewers. I can understand since I as much as others, expected more battles, more fire, perhaps more details on the dragon's evolution. This was after all a gMonster Movie.h <br />After being reawakened in modern-day London, the dragons quickly take over earth and humans' response to the threat is to nuke the planet which in actuality ends up helping the dragons. What's left are small communities where the survivors eek out a meager existence depending on farming and avoiding dragons at all costs. Behold, a US military force specializing in dragon-slaying arrives after more than half their troops are wiped out, seeking refuge with said community. Their objective: go to London, find the only male dragon, kill him, and save the world. <br />Sound familiar? While the plot is simple enough, ROF is unique in that it displays the human tendencies and relationships among the survivors of the community. Christian Bale as Quinn, is the leader of the group with buddy Creedy played by Gerald Butler and one of their main jobs is to take care of the many orphaned children who live with them. Their time is spent arguing with others about when to harvest (they're starving and need to ration), keeping others from leaving, and taking care of the kids. Matthew McConaughey arrives as an obsessed solider and basically forces the hand of the community to either fight the dragons or die.<br />Was it a mistake to include so many non-dragon related scenes? Possibly, but I for one enjoyed the scenes between Bale and McConaughey as well as the other human elements in the movie and in retrospect, they didn't detract from the main theme of a dragon hunt. Both of them did a good job for such a movie (sci-fi/horror flicks) which obviously doesn't represent a glowing achievement for a gserioush actor. I was pleasantly surprised by their efforts. Intense would be a good description. The action scenes when they do unfold, are pretty darn good particularly the angels sequence. The dragons were pretty cool too, I liked their tattered wings and the overall toned-down, realistic approach.   <br />Perhaps a prequel will be made centering on the rise of dragons and their war against the humans. There would be plenty of room for all out battles and more screen time for the dragons as well. That being said, ROF is as much a movie of a post-apocalyptic world as it is a dragon movie and that can be its weakness or its strength.
B00008WT5E|5.0|This is one of the best AC/DC cd's. It is also one of the most underrated AC/DC cd's of all time. Every song on here has sopmething for any kind of AC/DC fan. The best songs are ROCK 'N' ROLL DAMNATION, RIFF RAFF, SIN CITY, GIMME A BULLET, and my personal favorite GONE SHOOTIN'. I would recomend this cd to any fan of rock or anybody that just likes really great music.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I didn't hear about this Firefly until after it was cancelled, but being a big fan of Joss Whedon's work, and hearing endless raves about the show, I decided to order the DVD. I have watched it twice now, and I am stunned by how powerful these characters and their stories are.<br />The Firefly universe is rich and tangible. The characters are complex and real. They grow on you. By the third episode I felt I had made some good friends, and by the last episode I never wanted them to leave. I cried when it was over, then went back and watched the series all over again. I love these guys.<br />The best episode is Objects in Space, the last episode. It was shocking, suspenseful, and had one of the best villians I have ever seen (though I think the best villians of the show are the ones we never get to see).<br />This series had me falling in love. I fell in love with the characters, with Serenity, and with the show. This series broke my heart because it ended. I hope the Firefly movie is produced, I hope it does well, and I hope Firefly is brought back to TV where I can see what happens to the characters of a world I love so much.<br />I recommend this series to anyone who likes action, romance, suspense, and rich character development. You do not need to be a fan of science fiction or westerns, you only need to enjoy great storytelling.
B000002H97|4.0|This is a good cd, too bad they had to be stupid and sellout. Enter Sandman is overrated in many different ways. The best 5 songs are- WHEREEVER I MAY ROAM, THE UNFORGIVEN, GOD THAT FAILED, OF WOLF AND MAN, and, DON'T TREAD ON ME.
B000002B1M|4.0|Nas is a lot better poet than people give him credit, but before i say why, the cd.  this cd is good. i think it loses its touch throughout as for Live n****a rap and other songs back there but overall is good.  the messege is one of the best.  maybe the best nas song in my opinion is Street Dreams. I don't know why its just great. Oh, and of course If I Ruled the World is sweet!  Now, Nas is amazing. why? Listen to &quot;I Gave You Power&quot;  This seems like an ordinary song.  Then think of what he's actually saying.  He is saying that he is a gun. he tells a story FROM THAT PERSPECTIVE!! He is amazing and this is a good follow up album to the greatest of all time
B000002H6C|5.0|This could almost be as good as &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, but there is barely any bass.<br />BLACKENED-Best opening track on any Metallica cd, and one of the best Metallica songs. It is about the end of the world and it has some great lyrics. Lars Ulrich shows that can be a great drummer. I can just imagine how much more great this could be with more bass. A+<br />...And Justice for all-Another great song. It is a little long, and sometimes it may seem to drag on. It is still a great track with awesome riffs and great lyrics. A<br />Eye of the Beholder-Great lyrics, especially in the chorus. It has some more great riffs in it. Overall it is not good as the first two tracks, but it is still really good. B+<br />One-I really really like this song. I feel like it is overrated, though. If people call this the greatest Metallica song, they obviously don't own &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; or &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;. <BR>This is probably Metallica's 20th best song. It is still great. <BR>B+<br />The Shortest Straw-Good Song, but not as good as the first four songs on this cd. It is good and the riffs are good enough. B<br />Harvester of Sorrow-Worst song on the cd. It drags on. It like &quot;The Shortest Straw is still good. It is also the shortest song on the cd. B-<br />Frayed Ends of Sanity-Another great song on this great cd. It has one of the best Metallica intros as they make the song from The Wizard of Oz and create their own version of it. The rest of the song is also great. It has good lyrics and some really great Riffs to go along with it. A-<br />To Live is to Die- Wow. Another great Metallica instrumental. Not as good as &quot;Orion&quot; from &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; but &quot;Orion&quot; is the greatest instrumental of all time. This song is dedicated to Cliff Burton and it has some of his lyrics in it too. A<br />Dyer's Eve-Good way to end the album. The fastest song on the cd, just ahead of &quot;Blackened&quot;. It is not as good as the past two songs, but it was a bone-crunching way to end the cd. B+
B000060P79|1.0|getting this cd, i was misled by addicted and i'd do anything, which are on the radio enough that you dont need to get this cd to hear your fill of them. the rest of the album is not even the punk-pop that is those two hit songs. it is solid, annoying pop that gets on your nerves. also, the song perfect bugs me caus it is the worst song on the whole album yet it always gets stuck in my head. these guys are dorks pretending to by punk, but they could get some lessons from greenday. from now on, their better off touring with pop hits like michelle branch and christina aguilera
B00013PHGS|4.0|air's &quot;talkie walkie,&quot; their third official album, finds the duo still working towards a perfect sound.  If Moon Safari focused on French sci-fi sountracks of the late 1960s, and 10,000hz legend captured the ELO/prog/art rock of the early 1970s, talkie walkie takes another route.  In keeping with a chronological musical feel, this record incorporates many sounds of the early 1980s new romantic movement.  But Air is interested in far more than imitation. . .their main influences are, and always have been, ennio morricone's 60s italian pop country, serge gainsbourg's 70s evocative decadence, and, of course, the beatle's psychedelic transcendence, packaged in the electronic production styles of the last twenty years (i.e. Eno, Moroder, etc.) <BR>Talkie Walkie is no exception--this time replacing the guest spots of 10,000hz with nigel godrich's moody production.  For the most part Godrich is a welcome guest, although the cash register sounds at the end of &quot;biological&quot; seem lifted straight from beck's sea change, and the wispy snare drum at the end of &quot;Run&quot; sounds very similar to the production of Radiohead's Kid A + Hail to the Thief.  But Godrich also helps transform Air's signature sound (the duo never use the same instruments on their records--the rhodes/moog sound of Safari and the acoustic guitar/piano pairing of 10,000 hz are replaced with denser, more electronic keyboards, electric guitars, and a suprising use of banjo). But the most welcome change? The boys perform all of their own vocals, and they sound fantastic!<BR>Air have a five-star album in them.  Talkie Walkie is a beautiful step towards their perfect record, but only hints at the brilliance to come.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B00006CXXU|5.0|Forget Britney Spears. Forget Jessica Simpson. Even forget Mariah Carey.<br />Christina sings her heart out on this album. She's the most talented artist of her generation, and she knows it. So she has a song called 'dirrty'. So what? She's twenty-three years old. She can express what she's feeling, unlike on her first cd. 'Genie in a bottle', come on. The genie is out of her bottle, and with her comes powerful vocals. Everybody hates on her because they're jealous, jealous of what she can do with her voice. She is truely an inspiration. <br />Most inspiring songs- &quot;Walk Away&quot;: This song can mean a different thing to each person that hears it. It's sort of jazzy, yet extremely amazing. Honestly, it's better hearing her sing it live than on the cd. <BR>&quot;Soar&quot;: Christina's lyrics and vocals on this song will lift your mood up right away. <BR>&quot;Keep Singin' My Song&quot;: With lyrics such as 'Say what you want to say, I'm just gonna sing my song', you know she's speaking with her heart. <br />bad songs-&quot;Loving me for me&quot;: The beat for the song wasn't right, yet the lyrics are good.<br />Worth every cent. Debating between buying 'In the Zone' and 'Stripped'? Don't fall for Britney's computer generated voice. Go for Christina's true one.
B00009V7T2|5.0|While the sometimes Geddy Lee level pitch of the vocals was unexpected, by the end of the first spin I'd grown used to it and could understand all of the acclaim given this recording. By the fourth complete listen it had hit the 5 star mark. Packing the emotional pull, both musically and lyrically, of Tool (and then some) while effortlessy incorporating many musical influences without succumbing completely to any of them is, to me, a major achievement. The lyrics can be difficult to decipher at times, so if you're the straightforward kind, this might bother you.<BR>Judging from an interview I recently read, they seem committed to growth not only as musicians, but people as well in search of answers to life's mysteries and their music is a testament to that. I look forward to their future discoveries.
0385504209|4.0|As a work of FICTION, this novel is a true page-turner!  But the author mixes fact with fiction a little too well, and I'm afraid a lot of people who read this book will have been misled into believing the core &quot;sercrets&quot; of this book are true.  As other reviewers have mentioned, take this book with a grain of salt and enjoy!
0790731509|2.0|One of the best movies made during my lifetime (born 1952), they botched the DVD. <br />The image quality is average at best and if you factor in that this movie is a classic, the quality is poor. And, the special &quot;features&quot; are an insult to what this movie is, which is brilliance. <br />As had been said before, this movie is brilliant if you like great acting, great cinematography and editing, and wonderful scripting.<BR>Beyond that stuff, it is supremely entertaining.<br />My guess/hope (I guess) is that they are throwing out this mediocre transfer prior to releasing the &quot;quality&quot; version. <br />They should be ashamed.
B00008A7QK|5.0|This is one of the best rock and roll albums ever.  Period.  From the irresistable opening beat of &quot;Mambo Sun&quot; (very pioneering and ahead of its time) to the last frenzied saxophone squeals of &quot;Rip-Off&quot;, this album screams &quot;masterpiece&quot;.  Something special happened during the making of this work, a mix of raw, inspired backing tracks and slick but idiosyncratic prouduction touches (namely, Visconti's expert string production and Flo And Eddie's giddily androgynous backing vocals), to make it pure magic from start to finish.  Bolan focused his Tolkein-esque world into a postmodern blend of 50s rock and 60s cosmic vision that created the 70s and influenced everyone in England at the time.  The tracks are irresistably catchy, so much so that even after thousands of listens the album remains fresh; the tag of &quot;70s Beatles&quot; was given to many artists during the decade but here it seems the most apt.  The true spirit of rock'n'roll lies in this work: the intuitiveness, the energy, the *spirit* are all here, wrapped in the fireball of persona that was Marc Bolan.  <br />Of all of his albums, &quot;Electric Warrior&quot; is also the one reissued the most, and this is the best remaster job, slightly better than the import remaster in sound and packaging.  There is no excuse not to hear this album, or buy it over again for improved sound; &quot;Mambo Sun&quot;, &quot;Cosmic Dancer&quot;, &quot;Get It On&quot;, &quot;Girl&quot;, &quot;Jeepster&quot;, &quot;Planet Queen&quot; etc. are all as rip-roaring, rocking and achingly beautiful as they've always been, and capture such a timeless moment in time that there is really nothing to compare it to.
B00005JL2O|4.0|The third and possibly last installment of the Austin Powers series pits England's favorite international man of mystery against his old nemesis Dr. Evil and his brand new partner Goldmember. The original Austin Powers grossed only $53 million but the movie became a cult favorite on video. New Line, the studio that produced the original, opted for a sequel. Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me, released in 1999, grossed $205 million by the end of its run. With that success, New Line was more then willing to pay Mike Myers $25 million to come up with another sequel to the hit comedy series. Will the third installment continue the tradition of being better then the last or will it follow the path of most sequels this year and be a piece of trash?<br />The story goes that Austin Powers, International Man of Mystery, has finally captured his archenemy, Dr. Evil. But while Dr. Evil is in jail,Nigel Powers, Austin's father, is kidnapped by Goldmember. Goldmember is an evil Dutch scientist from the 1970's who has a huge obsession with gold. The obsession is so big that he even had his privates turned into gold after an unfortunate smelting accident. When Dr. Evil escapes and plans the destruction of the world, Austin must team up with old flame Foxxy Cleopatra and save the world and his father.  The story for Austin Powers in Goldmember is well paced but much less so then Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me. The film has tons of great moments within the course of the film but in between those moments the story slows greatly and for extended periods of time. It also gets a little confusing in the end with the involvement of Austin's family, which will not be revealed in this review, but it seems to work out. Some fans of the comedy series may be disappointed though by the revelations.<br />Mike Myers plays four characters this time in the new installment of the series. He portrays Austin Powers, Dr. Evil, Fat Bastuard, and the title character, Goldmember. Myers seems to pay off with each of these characters except Goldmember. Goldmember seems tobe a pointless character and just plaindisguisting especially when he eats his own peeling skin. The character doesn't sound very Dutch and the Dutch jokes seem to be non-stop and annoying after some time. Some of the jokes may be a little offense to those that are Dutch but obviously this film was not intended to appeal to that kind of audience. Beyonce Knowles is one of the worst parts in Austin Powers in Goldmember. She is very attractive but the fact is that she is feels very out of place within the film. It's not her fault that her character isn't given many funny lines. Seth Green is even funnier as Dr. Evil's son especially when he decides to take over the family business. The baldness is scary but in a funny sort of way. Verne Troyer reprises his role as Mini-Me, the 1/8 sized clone of Dr. Evil, with many funny moments in the sequel. Most of the cameos in the film pay off greatly and are in perfect tune.<br />Overall, Austin Powers in Goldmember is better then the original but still not as funny as the first sequel. There were many things to pick at including the running time which seemed too short at only an hour and thirty-four minutes in length. Second, Beyonce Knowles isneither great nor is she bad in this film but definitely feels out of place. Her '70's one liners begin to get tiresomenear the end of the film. Third, the film slows down for extended periods of timebefore picking up again. This becomes annoying at keeping the audience interested. Most of the cameos worked very well but not all them. The Britney Spears cameo seemed very pointless. Though it suspected that she would end up being a Fembot, it just seemed like a cheap way for her to get into the film and be part of the soundtack for the film. The other cameos, though, are hilarious coming from Tom Cruise,Steven Spielberg, Kevin Spacey, and Danny Devito especially in the opening ten minutes which are probably the best part in the entire film. Though the film isn't perfect, the entire experience is totallyunforgettable. This film may not appeal toeveryone since there is a huge amount of potty humor but most people will find something to giggle at. Not the best comedy of the year but still a funny diversion for the summer time blues.
B000001IPL|2.0|The worst thing about dumbed-down music is the dummies it is aimed at mistake it for the real thing. Witness the hordes of Linkin Park loving \\"metal\\" fans, Slipknot's maggot army of \\"death metal\\" fans, Manson's \\"goths\\", Cradle Of Filth \\"black metallers\\" and so on and so on.<br />Back in the mid 1990s, two albums did the same thing to Pop-Punk. One was 'Dookie' by Green Day, the other was The Offspring's 'Smash'. Both took the West Coast sound of Bad Religion, The Descendents/All, TSOL and The Vandals, stripped away anything vaguely nasty, and packaged it in sanitised, easy to digest chunks.<br />Over produced and over simplified, 'Smash' hit the big time on the back of a couple of singles aimed at rock radio. \\"Come Out And Play\\" is, using the term very loosely, a ska punk track. Little more than a novelty song, it carries a \\"message\\" about gang warfare and kids with guns.<br />\\"Self Esteem\\" doesn't even aspire to that. It is about a pussy whipped moron who can't say no to an easy lay. With massed backing vocals, and a stupid \\"nyah, nyah\\" refrain, it was bound to be a big hit. Most annoyingly, it sticks in your head all day once you've heard it.<br />And that's basically it. The rest of the album is neither stunning nor dreadful, just middle of the road, bouncy, happy guitar pop. There is nothing confrontational or challenging, just bland and safe. Songs like \\"Bad Habit\\" and \\"Something To Believe In\\" will rattle round in your head for a while, enjoyable enough, but not the landmark album this was made out to be.<br />'Smash' led to hundreds of copycat bands springing up, kids scribbling the band's logo on their skateboards thinking they were \\"punk\\", and a lot of commercial exploitation of the Californian scene. Record companies realised there was a market for this type of music, which is why we now have the likes of Good Charlotte, Blink 182, Smashmouth, Reel Big Fish and The Living End hitting the charts.<br />But there were some positives coming from the scene being thrown wide open to the world. Fans who looked a little further found the real substance of the So-Cal Pop-Punk scene. It did Bad Religion's career no harm, and other bands like Pennywise, NOFX, Rancid, The Ataris and AFI were taken along for the ride, whether they liked it or not. Many of the independent labels, like Fat Wreck and Honest Don's, little known to the world before 'Smash' now reach a far wider audience.<br />Like it or not, 'Smash' lived up to it's name.
B000002KOQ|5.0|This, along with Blue and Clouds, is my favorite Joni album.  She ranks up with Bob Dylan as far as her lyrics are concerned, and technically, has a much prettier voice, though I adore Dylan's voice because it goes with his music so well.  The best tracks are For Free, Rainy Night House, Arrangement . . . oh hell they all rock.  This is a must buy.  I absolutely adore it.
020161622X|4.0|&quot;Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.&quot; (Charles McCabe)<br />By McCabe's definition, this book is very artful. That's a good thing - the opinions are founded on long experience and on broad familiarity with software development. The authors, true to their &quot;pragmatic&quot; promise, often omit the theory and case history that justify the opinions. They offer reams of advice on nearly every part aspect of industrial programming, and I think that all of the advice is good.<br />I don't agree with all of it - good advice is good within its limits, and my work often lies outside of their limits. Take, for example, their editor fanaticism. I've been hearing for 25 years how much more efficient my work will be if I use editor &lt;xyz&gt;. First, I move between development environments so much that learning funny key-pokes for one environment just gives me the wrong reflexes for the next environment and the one after that. Mostly, though, text entry is about 5% of my problem. Suppose, after a &quot;near-vertical learning curve&quot;, that the cult editor cuts 20% off my editing time - data entry would then be 4% of my problem. The cost/benefit ratio underwhelms me. If you really love your escape-meta-alt-control-shift (emacs) editor, though, don't let me get in your way.<br />I still think that almost all of the authors' views are good ones, with good reasons behind them. I rabidly agree with lots of them (especially DRY - Don't Repeat Yourself), and for lots more reasons than they give. The book is helpful even where I disagree. When I rethink my own circumstance, it's not that their reasoning is wrong, but that different reasoning is more right.<br />This is one to keep, not just for the programmers in the trenches but for their managers, as well. Best, it doesn't try to dress up the -ism of the day as holy law - as the title says, it's about pragmatics.
B000002KBU|5.0|Blue was the first Joni album I was exposed to.  I fell in love with it right away.  Lyrically, its way up there, and the simple music just places all the more emphasis on Joni's beautiful and clear voice.  A must have for all folk music lovers.
B00003CXIP|5.0|Stand By Me is easily one of my favorite movies ever. It just never gets old, and this DVD is a must have. The kids in this movie are your adverage twelve year olds going on a journey to find a dead body. The storyline might not seem like much, but once you see it, you will like it. The acting is great. Even though this movie is rated R due to profanity and strong language, young kids may still even like this movie. I saw it when I was young and I still love it. The special features are good. This DVD version is remastered. Its in widescreen. I would reather it be in full screen, I prefer that, but whatever... Theres bonus trailers, too, and more special features. Just go buy it.
B000002KOJ|5.0|I have gone through three Joni stages: for a while, I was obsessed with Blue.  Then, Ladies of the Canyon.  I am in the midst of my Clouds phase right now.  This is a gorgeous album.  It goes on so many tangents.  Sure, she has love songs that a great without being sappy, (I love I don't Know Where I Stand) but she also goes off on tangents.  I adore how in Roses Blue she's suddenly, out of nowhere, singing about Wicca.  It's great.  Fiddle and Drum is a wonderful song, especially right now, with everything that is happening in this country and outside of it.  Years after it was written, it still applies.  A beautiful album.
B000005JA8|3.0|Ok. This is random in the truest sense of the word. It's almost scary. If you don't like pure randomness, then you will probably be frightened of this album. Think carefully before purchasing.
B00006SFLV|5.0|My So Called Life.A tv show that despite both high critical acclaim &amp; the love of the viewing public the show only lasted one season.But what a season it was.In a time when teen life was being portrayed in 90210 rich kids mode..This show came along and knocked them all on their ass..My so called life is a show that teens and young people can relate to on a personal level.It deals head on with what every teen faces in every day life.Whether it is pretty or not.This show had the courage to do when others feared to trend.This show is powerful and one that once you view it you will never forget it.Standout episodes deal with everything from Peer Pressure,Falling In Love *the good and the bad sides*.But two of the most important i feel is these.In the episode &quot;Other People's Mothers&quot; is an episode where one of the main characters has a drug overdose.The rest of the series she continues to deal with the heartless souless demon that is drug use.And drug use is shown for what it is here not glamourized in any way.I know of some people that seen that episode and it scared them straight.Just proves the power of this sadly underated show.And the other episode i want to mention is called &quot;Guns and Gossip&quot;..Keep in mind that they FILMED it in 1993 that is 6 years before the trajedy at Columbine in 1999.I challage anyone to watch that episode and not be haunted by it.And the way they end that episode *i won't say how coz don't want to ruin it for 1st time viewers* is an ending that then in 1993 was just a work of fiction.But in schoolife after Columbine became a absolute reality in most American schools.I know many people when the episode aired in 1993 saw the ending &quot;yeah right that could never happen here in America&quot; i was one of them.But in 1999 when Columbine happened the ending of that episode became sad but true.Unlike in another review here the quality of these dvds are very good.It is a lot better then the video tapes that we recorded when the show was on.The reviewer must not have a very good tv set.Picture is great.Take my word for it from someone who taped all the shows when they were on.Yes the price is high but for a show that was only on one season.And gets NO airtime on any of the cable channels it is worth the big bucks for it.Remember the X FILES sets are $129.00 each when they come out and those shows are on tv all the time.Sad to say this show doesn't get the same air time but it deserves it.One thing though they could've had some extras on here for the price they charge.NO EXTRAS.It would've been nice to see even a reunion of the cast at least.To my knowlege they are all still around (Claire Danes was recentally in Terminator 3).And the shows from the episode &quot;My So Called Angels&quot; onward i dare you not to get a lump in your throat and heart i dare ya'..This is a well acted reality show coz it depicts the reality of teenage life..And teens deserve a show that they can fully relate to..And this is a show that everyone teen and nonteen alike should view..Classic show ahead of its time even to this very present day..Get My So Called Life..
0670871761|5.0|This is one of the great ones. At one level Peepo is geared to very small children. Each page gives us a different glimpse of a baby's day, as the adults in his world go about their obscure yet urgent tasks. Our initial view of each full-page illustration is through a big hole in the centre of the page. A rhyming text describes the picture, and asks \\"what does he see?\\". The beautiful pictures are full of the gentle humour and double takes that are an Ahlberg trademark and their depiction of family life is dead on. My favourite is the two little sisters fiercely contending for the right to hold baby, even as he pulls the victor's hair and does just about everything else he can to make her rue that victory. The text is sweet and simple, never cloying, and perfect for small children, with lots of repetition, rhyme and rhythm, yet enough variety to keep things interesting. It talks to the child the way I wish more adults would, in a forthright, yet sympathetic (and not patronizing) tone. That baby is priceless, and his antics alone are worth the price of admission. <br />What puts Peepo into the \\"great book\\" category, for me, however, is the deeper answer it seems to pose to the question \\"what does he see?\\". For the illustrations hint at a story far deeper and darker than the words suggest, and seemingly targetted at adults, not children. It's easy to ignore these hints at first, but as they accumulate Peepo begins to feel more like an glimpse into an Eddic realm than a toddler one.<br />I use this book as an intelligence test on my friends, since about 90% of them cannot detect this hidden story and miss the hints. It is also an interesting small group exercise, since a team of 4 or 5 working together can usually eventually work out there is something much more to the pictures than initially meets the eye.<br />I think Peepo is a powerful illustration of the argument that we refuse to see what won't match our preconceptions, since there are things in the Peepo illustrations I have never ever seen in another book aimed at small children, yet these just don't register the first few times you look at the book. Most people don't (and perhaps can't) answer \\"what does he see\\" correctly. <br />Peepo's hidden message is all the more powerful for its poignant subtlety. Lots of authors have tried to say what Peepo does, but none has ever succeeded so brilliantly, in my estimation. And  those who succeed in decoding Peepo may find themselves confronting bigger questions, such as why is that message so hard for us to receive and what drove the creators to bury their treasure so deep, and with such incredible art? <br />I have never read another small children's book that has haunted me like Peepo. Once decoded, it leaves an aftertaste more reminiscent of e.e. cummings than more typical toddler fare. And \\"solving\\" it only multiplies the mysteries. Yet mysteries aside, it is a wonderful book for small children. I have had great fun reading it to the 2- and 3-year- olds in my life. Its hints of a darker world-drama beyond the crib never once overshadow the brilliant beauty and innocence of this book, at least for the young children it will be read to. <br />I strongly recommend this book for small children, particularly in the board book format for those who like to try to tear books (although the larger illustrations in the softback format are nicer). Some 4-year-olds and up may fancy themselves too sophisticated for it.
B000000OXH|5.0|Alpha is my favorite album from one of my favorite bands.  It will always rank in my top 10 albums of all time.  It is just about as perfect as an album can be.  It is not appreciated as much as Asia's debut smash album; but, in my opinion, it is more solid than their self-titled release.  The eponymous debut had a tendency of overdoing songs, especially &quot;Wildest Dreams.&quot;    Alpha does not do that.  The tracks are wonderful without an superfluous orchestration.  &quot;The Smile Has Left Your Eyes,&quot; one of the singles, is actually the weakest track on Alpha.  The rest are simply amazing.  &quot;My Own Time,&quot; &quot;Eye to Eye,&quot; &quot;Midnight Sun,&quot; and the other single &quot;Don't Cry&quot; are some of the best songs I've ever heard.  It is one album I can play straight through and never be disappointed.  And John Wetton has one of the best voices in music. If you like their hits &quot;Heat of the Moment&quot; and &quot;Only Time Will Tell,&quot; this album is definitely for you, as these songs are just as accessible and catchy.  Try to find a copy with the extra track, &quot;Daylight,&quot; as it is great too. I cannot praise this album enough so Buy It Now!
B0000AQVCL|4.0|The boys of Jet are very trendy and their quick fad rock style will quickly pass, but that doesn't mean they don't have talent. &quot;Look What You've Done&quot; is a brilliant song, hands down one of the best of the year &amp; &quot;Are You Gonna be my Girl&quot; is pretty good, though it was stupid of them to release that as the first single simply because of the iPod commercials, because the album doesn't reflect that track. Still they are pretty cool dudes.
B000000OMB|5.0|This album IS the 1980s. \\"Heat of the Moment\\" and \\"Only Time Will Tell\\" are two of the musical highlights of the decade and this album is almost as solid as those two singles. I have read criticisms that the album is too \\"cliche'd.\\" I'm not sure what is meant by that as I thought \\"Only Time Will Tell\\" had a very unique sound for a single. This is not an ordinary pop album. It has a powerful, progressive sound yet a sound that is also accessible (progressive rock moves into the 1980s). \\"Without You,\\" for example, starts out as a ballad and then launches into a killer guitar solo with keyboard in tow, then settles down only to explode once more. \\"Cutting it Fine\\" is a rocker until it reaches a very interesting slow piece at the end. The music takes the listener through different emotions. Although I can't give this classic any less than 5 stars, I think some of the songs are overdone, such as \\"Time Again\\" and, especially, \\"Wildest Dreams.\\" The POW! POWPOW! part of the latter track seems a bit much to me unless the band was simulating war sounds to keep with the theme of the lyrics. Still, it seems overpowering in this song. On the other end of the review spectrum, perhaps this album is overrated; however, the next two Asia albums (Alpha and Astra) are painfully underrated, so it all evens out.
B00008DDSC|5.0|this movie is a really good movie and i still can't get some of the stuff out of my mind. this is better than somee of the pornos i've scene because it has a plot and a point. it is also humorous. worth watching.
B00006LLLN|5.0|First, this album is everything you would expect from the first live album from such a fine band. Recorded in Kentucky, the birthplace of Bluegrass, it alternates slow ballads--featuring Alison Krauss's distinctive, beautiful voice--with rollicking, foot-stomping, quick-pickin' bluegrass numbers. It's a real treat, all the way through the 25-song collection. It's also very reasonably priced for an album of that length, and it includes most of the band's &quot;hits.&quot; So, if you're interested in getting a first album by Alison Krauss &amp; Union Station, this should be one of your top choices.<br />Now, for the fun surprise of the album (at least for me). In the Coen brothers' filmed tribute to southern roots music, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Alison Krauss's haunting voice is immediately recognizable as one of the tempting sirens (Gillian Welch and Emmylou Harris are the other two) in &quot;Didn't Leave Nobody But The Baby,&quot; as one half of the vocals (Gillian Welch is the other half) in &quot;I'll Fly Away,&quot; and as the lead vocal on the beautiful rendition of &quot;Down in the River to Pray.&quot; <br />Less recognizable in that film, however, are the mysterious voices and musicians that make up the Soggy Bottom Boys, whose &quot;I Am a Man of Constant Sorrow&quot; serves as leitmotif for the whole movie. Anyway, a few tracks into disc 2 of Alison Krauss &amp; Union Station: Live, I felt the thrilling surprise of the yokel in O Brother who exclaims &quot;Hot damn, it's the Soggy Bottom Boys!&quot; as they launch into their hit single to thunderous applause. Sure enough, the mouthpiece for George Clooney is none other than Dan Tyminski, guitarist and vocalist for Union Station, and their live rendition of &quot;I Am a Man of Constant Sorrow&quot; is clearly a Soggy Bottom Boys performance. Nice.<br />Incidentally, for all you O Brother fans, &quot;Down to the River to Pray&quot; is also on the album.
0312263120|1.0|The book reads well, but it ends there.  This novel is another example of authors writing in behaviors for the characters that stretches belief so much that you find yourself wanting to throw the book in the trash before you have to face any further dissapointment.  Why is it so difficult to write a novel that contains antagonists and protagonists that at least act in a somewhat realistic manner.
0440204399|5.0|I was assigned this book in high school and did not finish it with about 100 pages left.  About 10 years later, I recently picked up the book again to finish a book I have been wanting to finish.  I was not disappointed.  Joseph Heller is a skilled story teller whose pen is well adept to writing satire.  Many of the humorous points of this book I was not ready to appreciate as a high school senior.  Years later, I found myself laughing out at many lines in this book.<br />The book tells the story of Yossarian, a disgruntled World War II pilot.  Yossarian wants nothing more than to go home from the war after his mission quota is satisfied.  Unfortunately, his mission quota is raised each time he gets close to meeting it.  Along the way, we meet a cast of unique characters.  It makes me curious as to where Heller came up with the idea for all these characters.  Lieutenant Scheisskopf and Major Major Major Major are two of my favorite characters in the book.  Their stories in addition to the idiosyncrasies are wonderfully written.  The book ends with Yossarian faced with a paradox of choices based on the development of the character.  It is worth reading the book to find out the ending.<br />This book is a literary classic.  I hate to give too many points of the plot away in the review as I would hope the sharp turns in the plot can surpise other readers the way they surprised me.  Truly, this is a great book for those with an eye for wit.
0385504209|5.0|This was my first Dan Brown experience, and I am now a certified fan!  &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; is a thoroughly engrossing, fascinating read.  I could not put it down!  The interweaving of historical facts and fiction in the context of art and religion is very well done and provides an enlightening reading experience for those of us less familiar with the history of Christianity and Catholicism.  Thoroughly entertaining, highly recommended.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Wow! I forgot how good this show was. The acting and the writing was just perfect. Its a shame that Fox had no clue.
B0000VAFO0|3.0|A semi-stylish, only-okay action/monster movie with a muddled plot about werewolves-vs.-vampires and stuff.  It's okay, though: the film moves fairly fast, and Kate Beckinsale looks great in all those tight leather/vinyl jumpsuits.  It's no &quot;Buffy The Vampire Slayer,&quot; but it was okay for a no-brainer rental.  It was lame, though, that so much of the action was just people -- um, I mean, monsters -- standing around shooting a bunch of automatic rifles and pistols... We already see plenty of that in all the non-monster movies; didn't need it here so much.
B00006AW2S|4.0|One of the reasons The Rolling Stones tend to suffer in comparison to The Beatles during this early period was their inability to amass a war chest of self-penned titles. \\"Out Of Our Heads\\" could have been titled \\"Little Over Half Out Of Our Heads\\" as seven out of the 12 songs on the record are Jagger/Richards or band (Nanker Phelge) compositions. Having said that this is still a very strong record. <br />The opener \\"Mercy, Mercy\\" is a robust; guitar driven track that was recorded at Chess Studios. Once again we find the band taking a song that was popular a mere year earlier (by Don Covay & His Goodtimers) and producing a rock solid cover. Marvin Gaye's \\"Hitch Hike\\" is up next, an manages, in my opinion to barely make it over the hump, helped out by solid Jagger vocals, and Keith's  lurking guitar work. \\"The Last Time\\", recorded three months before \\"Satisfaction\\" is the archetypal Rolling Stones song. With a signature guitar hook, lyrics that begin with a warning, and a sound that could fill the Grand Canyon (Phil Spector was present during the recording) you've got an instant classic. \\"That's How Strong My Love Is\\", made popular by Otis Redding is up next; it's a powerful soul ballad that smolders thanks to some hearty vocals by M.J. and a great backbeat from Charlie. \\"Good Times\\" and \\"I'm Alright\\" are both lightweights that belong on a \\"Rarities Vol. 2\\" cd. The former is a bland Sam Cooke cover, and the latter is a live recording that barely makes it as filler.<br />Side 2 begins with what might possibly be the most famous song the band ever recorded. \\"Satisfaction\\" was their first #1 in the U.S. and picks up where \\"The Last Time\\" left off, combining aggressive music with angry lyrics to create a scorching piece  that still sounds fresh today. \\"Cry To Me\\" is another powerful soul ballad with some smoky vocals from Mick and some serpentine guitar work from Keith Richards. Despite having one of the longest titles in rock'n'roll history \\"The Under Assistant West Coast Promotion Man\\" swings with the help of some wispy Jagger vocals, a winding guitar hook from Keith, and some nice Harp playing from Brian Jones. As the B-side to \\"The Last Time\\", \\"Play With Fire\\" finds the band in rare Edwardian form. This largely acoustic song has a haunting quality to it, and features Phil Spector on guitar and Jack Nitzsche and guitar and harpsichord. \\"The Spider And The Fly\\" is a Jagger/Richards composition that has a Jimmy Reed/Slim Harpo blues feel to it. It's about succumbing to the delights of a groupie and features some fine guitar work by Jones and Richards, as well as more great harp work by Jones. Unfortunately \\"..Heads..\\" ends on a lame note with \\"One More Try\\", an upbeat throwaway that might have worked better as an instrumental as the lyrics are lame and the singing not much better.<br />Notes: There is a UK version of this album now available as a result of the recent ABKCO re-releases, it features the same cover as \\"December's Children\\" and the inclusion of six different songs. The guitar hook in \\"Satisfaction\\", as probably everybody knows, came to  Keith in a dream, he woke up and laid and the hook down on a personal tape recorder. The version of \\"Play With Fire\\" that appaears on the album is the result of mistake. The song the Stones intended for the album was called \\"Mess With Fire\\", which was a harder version of \\"Play With Fire\\", however there was a mix-up and \\"Mess..\\" was somehow lost.<br />Recording Notes: \\"Mercy, Mercy\\", \\"That's How Strong My Love Is\\", \\"...Under Assistant...\\", \\"Spider And The Fly\\", & \\"One More Try\\" recorded 5/10-11/1965 at Chess Studios, Chicago. \\"Hitch Hike\\" recorded 10/27/1964 at RCA Studios, Hollywood. \\"The Last Time\\" & \\"Play With Fire\\" recorded 1/10-11 & 2/17-18/1965 at RCA Studios, Hollywood. \\"Good Times\\" & \\"Cry To Me\\" recorded 5/12-13/1965 at RCA Studios, Hollywood. \\"I'm Alright\\" recorded live at one of the following Edmonton Regal, Liverpool Empire, Manchester Palace, or Greenford Granada. \\"Satisfaction\\" recorded 5/10-11/1965 at Chess Studios, Chicago & 5/12-13 at RCA Studios, Hollywood.
0812550706|2.0|Before I begin my review, I want to quickly comment on the considerable following enjoyed by Orson Scott Card's 1977 novel, Ender's Game.  If you read through some of the Amazon reviews, you'll freqently see comments like \\"Best Novel of All Time\\", \\"My Favorite Book\\", \\"The Best Sci-Fi Has to Offer\\", etc. etc.  I don't normally take this type of hyperbole seriously, but then I noticed that I had to scroll through more than two dozen reviews before I found one that rated the book with less than 5 stars.  I couldn't find one reviewer who rated it with less than three.<br />Making the situation even more puzzling, intriguing, and finally astounding is the sheer number of postings for this book: more than 1960 independent reviewers took the time to review this book as of mid January 2004 -- this means that Ender's Game has been reviewed on Amazon more than the following five SF classics *combined*...<BR>1) 2001: A Space Odyssey (205 reviews)<BR>2) Dune (830 reviews)<BR>3) Childhood's End (202 reviews)<BR>4) Rendevous with Rama (173 reviews) <BR>5) Stranger in a Strange Land (443 reviews)<br />The above situation is really what drove me to read the book in the first place, as I figured all these people couldn't have been wrong (avg. rating is 4.5 stars).  Now having read Ender's Game, I am now not only intrigued/puzzled/astounded, but I am also befuddled and mystified at how all (most) of the reviewers could be driven to over-hype what is really an uninspired science fiction novel about manipulation, deceipt, and the devastating effects of revenge and fear.<br />Here's the story (w/o spoilers): at the start we come across Andrew Wiggin (a.k.a. Ender), a 6 year old boy who, at the behest of the American government, is bred, somewhat brutally monitored/analyzed, and finally -- by the time he is eleven -- trained to Command all of humanities troops against a once invading alien force, that has for several decades been retreated to its home planets.  During the training, Enderbrutally beats to death two of his peers (one six, one slightly older) as he \\"perceives\\" them to be so threatened by his greatness that they will stop at nothing short of his destruction.  His teachers/handlers observe the megalomaniacal behavior and beatings (murders) passively and consider it part of Ender's training.  Card continues to attempt to rationalize and justify Ender's treatment of these two children throughout the book -- and maybe this worked in the 70s -- but in this post Columbine world, it made me sick to my stomach.  <br />If I told any more, it would spoil the story for those who haven't read it.  So let me net it out from here:<br />Pro's...<BR>+ Must read for sci-fi fans as it consistenly makes most top ten lists<BR>+ Unique stoccato style delivery of the prose that makes for quick reading<BR>+ Card does a great job of building tension in some of the trials that Ender is put through<br />Con's...<BR>+ Very difficult to suspend disbelief as six year old Ender acts as proud and decisive as Russel Crowe's character in the Gladiator<BR>+ Very little science fiction<BR>+ Completely failed thread of a sub-plot involving Ender's brother and sister<BR>+ Exhaustive and finally meaningless use of sibling rivalry<br />And one suggestion: if your version of Ender's Game was published post 1991, make sure that you read Orson Scott Card's introduction last.  He really slings the B.S. in the intro and reveals some personal things that quite frankly ruined the book for me.
B000062YAY|5.0|Well, I love this album, and i have always done. I realy agree with some people who have said some songs sound better here than on the studio album. But what really drove me to write this review was some %&amp;#&quot;@ saying this was a 2 stars cd. First of all, if you're gonna rewiew an album, at least try understanding who would be interested in buying it. Slayer's not only for those who want to &quot;hear about world's end&quot;, how about listening some incredible guitar players, An excellent, aggressive lead voice (the way it should be in thrash, and by the way, maybe the best), and of course mr dave lombardo, surely one of the greatest metal drummers in all the world. A talented group with four individuals each capable (lombardo proved this with grip inc, though) of writing great songs, each in its style, but all making Slayer a band which can play with a variety of topics, Not only &quot;Scary&quot; stuff (try reading King's lyrics opposed to Araya's or sometimes Hanneman's) For me, Slayer are the creators of all metal beyond Heavy (Death, Black, Speed, Thrash, Grindcore, you name it) and that's cause they can show many faces. A really GGRRREEAATT!! live album.
B00007LTIA|5.0|I'll tell you what happened: This fellow Bill Inglott remastered it to absolute perfection!  It truly is like hearing it for the very first time (and I've been listening to this album at least once every couple of months for the last 25 years).  And the new 2-minute intro to RSOG really brings the album title into perspective.<br />I've always been a huge fan of Yes.  It's always amused me how members of the music press have felt almost duty-bound to create new and creative ways to slag this band, and particularly this album.  The most ridiculous ones that I've read is that TFTO is &quot;inaccessible&quot;, &quot;elitist&quot;, and &quot;exclusionary&quot;.  However, the simple fact is that anyone with 20 bucks and a stereo has access to this album.  There is no conspiracy to exclude certain people from hearing it!  And, the best kept secret about TFTO is that: IT ROCKS!<br />I love most of the Yes albums, but this is the one I always go back to.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|Jet has pumped air back into the lungs of rock &amp; roll music.  Take it from me, one who doesn't listen to very much music that has been released since 1997.  With this album, Jet is doing exactly what their Aussie forefathers did thirty years ago.  Like AC/DC, Jet is a light-hearted rock band that plays rock music, not the useless garbage that has been munching up the radio and television waves for some time.  Ever since I heard &quot;Are You Gonna Be My Girl?&quot; on SNL back in December, I knew that these guys were the real deal.  And they are.  For those about to rock [Jet] I salute you! *canon fires*.<br />Oh, did I mention that AC/DC, although the main, isn't the only evident contributor to the styles of Jet?  Not that that's a bad thing, of course.  Jet also shows evidence of various influences, ranging from The Rolling Stones to The Black Crowes to Oasis.  Mix with a pinch of The Who, a dash of The Beatles, and, dare I say, a tad Led Zeppelin, bake for 30+ years, and Voila! Jet bursts on to the scene!<br />To those of you who feel that Jet is just ripping off other bands; isn't that what rock music is all about? Paying tribute to those who've opened the doors for you?  Look at the introduction of the Offspring's &quot;Pretty Fly (For a White Guy).&quot;  Is it not a tribute to Def Leppard's &quot;Rock of Ages?&quot;  And what about Blind Melon's take on Steppenwolf's classic &quot;The Pusher.&quot;  I could go on and on.  My point is, rock bands have been doing this for years.  It's a common practise.  Furthermore, it sells, doesn't it?  For those of you who compare &quot;Are You Gonna Be My Girl?&quot; to Iggy Pop's &quot;Lust For Life,&quot; who cares?  For one, there is a slight difference in the bassline.  Secondly, if you hated that &quot;rip off,&quot; listen to &quot;Rollover D.J.&quot;  The chorus bears a slight resemblence to a certain Bachman-Turner Overdrive song *snickers*.<br />Anyways, the bottom line is, if you're into the powerful classicrock of the 60s and 70s, when it was all about the music and not so much about trying to write a deep song with many implicit meanings (although, Jet offers such songs; &quot;Timothy,&quot; for instance) then this is the album for you.  If not, who cares?  Buy it anyway and hope for the best.<br />Peace
B00008PX8P|5.0|The Led Zeppelin DVD that came out in 2003 is one of the Top 5, if not the best classic rock DVD to come out in 2003. Much to good ol' Cranky Reviewer a/k/a Mr Cranky's dismay, Led Zeppelin's DVD is a must and buries any Duran Duran garbage. I have not seen a better music DVD than this. The first disc is almost a complete show of theirs from 1970 at London's Royal Albert Hall and features classic readings of Dazed and Confused, What Is and What Should Never Be, Moby Dick, Whole Lotta Love and many otehrs. Disc two has leftover concert footage from their Song Remains the Same concert film plus killer versions of Stairway to Heaven and In My Time of Dying from Earl's Court in 1975 and footage of Zep's last British shows at Knebworth in 1979 with a funked Whole Lotta Love, a killer Kashmir and a kick-ass In the Evening. Jimmy Page did a great job restoring these concert films and mixing the sound which is how music concert DVDs should be. The off-shoot live album How The West Was Won is great too. Not only do I recommend this DVD but it should be a part of your music DVD collection.
B00006IUL7|3.0|INSOMNIA/ USA 2002 (3.0 Stars)<BR>11 Jan 2004: The first scene from Insomnia, that of a two seater plane gliding over endless glaciers perhaps sets up the mise-en-scene of cold spaces and unexpected occurrences in alien lands. The rest of the film only builds on this growing sense of alienation even as British Director Christopher Nolan takes great care to build the entire film around one single occurrence. While I haven't seen the original Norwegian film of which this namesake is a remake, I can't imagine Scandinavian cinema to be quite so literal, aka Insomnia equals the protagonist never sleeps. My guess would be that Al Pacino's physical manifestation of what might have been a hugely meta-diagetic depiction in the original renders the two films as very different, albeit with a common storyline.<BR> The part I enjoyed the most was the mood that Nolan created through the clever use of texture. A harsh key light with an extra-ordinarily high lighting ratio played out the metaphor for the charred emotional feeling the central character, an upright detective (Pacino) is experiencing. This stylistic element in stark contrast to the polar blues of the Alaskan horizon (where the film is staged) aptly sets the stage for nervous expectation. The spoiler is that Detective Pacino accidentally shoots his partner where they are investigating the murder of a teenage girl in a small Alaskan town. Pacino, who works for the LAPD has a history of disagreement with his partner, and therefore feels compelled to keep the truth to himself. The catch is that the teenage-girl killer has been witness to this mishap. <BR> The killer turns out to be Robin Williams, who surfaces only in the latter part of the movie and whom we have forgotten about by now (the fact that he was also a part of this film). The exploration of the relationship between a conniving killer &amp; a seasoned detective with a dark secret leaves the film wanting in the end. Nolan, who so successfully explores Guy Pierce's amnesia in Memento fails on the encore. We are thus left with a film that continues to work on our sub conscience with its artistic mist in never-land, but one that is finally guilty of narrative triteness. Eminently watchable for the transfer of plight and mood, Pacino does a good if somewhat less intelligent job of portraying the hapless Detective, cursed to sleeplessness in a land where the sun ironically never sets.
0380002930|5.0|At first I was drawn away by the fact the book dealt with rabbits but I read it just the same. I must say it is one of my favorite books now, I am glad that read it. The entire thought process that went into this book is quite amazing....
B00006IUL7|3.0|INSOMNIA/ USA 2002 (3.0 Stars)<BR>11 Jan 2004: The first scene from Insomnia, that of a two seater plane gliding over endless glaciers perhaps sets up the mise-en-scene of cold spaces and unexpected occurrences in alien lands. The rest of the film only builds on this growing sense of alienation even as British Director Christopher Nolan takes great care to build the entire film around one single occurrence. While I haven't seen the original Norwegian film of which this namesake is a remake, I can't imagine Scandinavian cinema to be quite so literal, aka Insomnia equals the protagonist never sleeps. My guess would be that Al Pacino's physical manifestation of what might have been a hugely meta-diagetic depiction in the original renders the two films as very different, albeit with a common storyline.<BR> The part I enjoyed the most was the mood that Nolan created through the clever use of texture. A harsh key light with an extra-ordinarily high lighting ratio played out the metaphor for the charred emotional feeling the central character, an upright detective (Pacino) is experiencing. This stylistic element in stark contrast to the polar blues of the Alaskan horizon (where the film is staged) aptly sets the stage for nervous expectation. The spoiler is that Detective Pacino accidentally shoots his partner where they are investigating the murder of a teenage girl in a small Alaskan town. Pacino, who works for the LAPD has a history of disagreement with his partner, and therefore feels compelled to keep the truth to himself. The catch is that the teenage-girl killer has been witness to this mishap. <BR> The killer turns out to be Robin Williams, who surfaces only in the latter part of the movie and whom we have all but forgotten about by now (the fact that he was even a part of this film). The exploration of the relationship between a conniving killer &amp; a seasoned detective with a dark secret leaves the film wanting in the end. Nolan, who so successfully explores Guy Pierce's amnesia in Memento fails on the encore. We are thus left with a film that continues to work on our sub conscience with its artistic mist in never-land, but one that is finally guilty of narrative triteness. Eminently watchable for the transfer of plight and mood, Pacino does a good if somewhat less intelligent job of portraying the hapless Detective, cursed to sleeplessness in a land where the sun ironically never sets.
0767830555|5.0|De Niro has always been the man by my book. He is such a great actor. This is a must see for any De Niro fan. At a very young age you can see how his tallets make the taxi driver seem so alive. He gives him a purpose in life to do something good. The dvd is also filled with many extras interviews with De Niro, Jody Foster etc.. Everyone knows the line, \\"You talking to me\\" come on what a classic. If you own Scareface this better be right next to it.
B0001906O0|5.0|The Cure has always known how to take care of their fans and &quot;Join The Dots&quot; fits like a glove. The biggest standout track has to be &quot;I'm Cold&quot;. What a perfect rock song. Compared to its previous release on tape, the sound is sharp so turn the volume up high. Another, is the demo version of &quot;lament&quot;. It sounds like a kid borrowing his dad's recording studio and that is simply part of Robert Smith's charm. These are just 2 of the 70 outstanding tracks. This set is a must for every Cure fan.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|First and foremost, this is a heinous film. I loved the first one: it was truly good. This sequel was utterly embarrassing to watch. I entered the theater hopeful and excited, and was soon so horrified as to be glued to my seat, forced to watch in morbid fascination as the oh-so-cool world of the &quot;Matrix&quot; was shat upon. It was like watching a parody, a serious one. On top of these reactions, I am shocked by the amount of people who liked it. Are they under a spell, I sometimes ask myself? Is it an &quot;Emperor's New Clothes&quot; type situation where no one wants to badmouth the filmmakers because of their love of the first &quot;Matrix?&quot; I may never know the answer to these questions.<br />What I do know is &quot;Matrix Reloaded&quot; has an astonishing number of cheeseball lines, usually in the form of opponents threatening one another, before, during, and after fights. These fights are followed by more cheesy commentary. Perhaps this is where the film does excel: by reaching unknown heights of corniness and grimace-worthy comeback lines. With Morpheus's disastrously out-of-character speech to the masses of Zion in mind, combined with every other moment of dialogue in the film, I am currently of the opinion that writing could be the explanation, &quot;The Source&quot;, if you will, of the creamy chedder center that is &quot;Matrix Reloaded.&quot; Still, I am mystified.<br />Now, alongside any other possibly disenchanted &quot;Matrix&quot; fans, I am faced with the heavy task of attempting to block out memories of this monstrousity and return to the beautiful life I had before viewing the sequel, a place where the first Matrix, a fine quality film, reigns alone. It will be a long, and perilous journey to that place.
0345451325|5.0|If you are a fan of the Xbox game Halo then you should at least read this book.<br />It is a quite well crafted prequel to the game and finishes at the point the game begins. It tells the back-story of the Master Chief and Captain Keyes and explains their relationship. It also gives an insight of the &quot;bigger picture&quot; explaining the war between Humans and the Covenant and why the Master Chief is the only SPARTAN still alive...perhaps.<br />The games story is quite interesting but reading this book before playing creates an extremely rich sci-fi universe to run around in and blow up. Great stuff, much better than Halo: The Flood.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Disney animators worked for years on the Silly Symphonies honing their skills, and Snow White is the result. The artwork, animation and background, are simply exquisite, and the colors are breathtaking. Every skill available at the time was lavished, lovingly, on every frame of the movie, and the first time a &quot;cartoon&quot; was evocative and actually affected people to the point where tears were shed over a character drawn by hand. The premiere was &quot;star-studded&quot; as they say, and Charlie Chaplin, John Barryomre and every celebrity of the day were in attendance, which says something about the respect and admiration inspired by the Disney name even then. It is said, in a Disney book, that when the Evil Queen was seen punting down the river, in the mist, Barrymore leaped in his seat from excitement; never had anything of this calibre been seen, and it was greatly appreciated and revered, as well it should be. There is a shot of a bar of soap (when Snow White states no dinner until they wash) that was painted in such rich detail it is astonishing, and there is a picture of this in one of the Disney animation books...extraordinary. Looks like you could pick it up, and it looks wet and worn. There was a problem with Snow White lookling too pale and washed out, and the ink and paint girls tried every shade of paint they had; but they were all too noticeable; a faint blush was what was wanted and the ink and paint girls rubbed real rouge onto the face of SW... the effect was perfect, but then Walt was concerned that they would not be able to place the blush where it should be frame to frame; they said &quot;That's what we do!&quot; and so, that is how Snow White got such a lovely, natural blush. The transformation of the Wicked Queen into the Wicked Witch is one of the most amazing effects ever put on screen and truly extraordinary for 1937. The Cottage of the Seven Dwarfs is just beautiful, placed in a glen in the forest, and the detail throughout the interior is astonishing; the stairs are carved, the organ is carved, and there are faces carved into almost everything in the cottage. The wood looks like wood; this &quot;cartoon&quot; has TEXTURE. At the end, after Snow White bites the poisoned apple and &quot;dies&quot;, there isn't a &quot;dry eye on the house&quot;, and when the Prince comes and wakes her and they ride off to his Castle in the sky, it is one of the most satisfying, moving moments in film. This one was, and is, the cornerstone of all Disney animation to come, and an absolute must for your DVD library.<br />SIDENOTE:When Snow White premiered in New York, for publicity, Disney hired seven dwarves to tromp around on top of the theater marquee...all went well until the afternoon when it got hot, the dwarves got bored and thirsty and had booze sent up; well, they all got staggering drunk, took all their clothes off (and relieved themselves over the side, much to the discomfort of hapless passersby) and started fighting...the police were called and hauled them all away in pillow cases...true story.or is astonishing; the stairs are carved, the organ is carved, and there are faces carved into almost everything in the cottage. The wood looks like wood; this &quot;cartoon&quot; has TEXTURE. At the end, after Snow White bites the poisoned apple and &quot;dies&quot;, there isn't a &quot;dry eye on the house&quot;, and when the Prince comes and wakes her and they ride off to his Castle in the sky, it is one of the most satisfying, moving moments in film. This one was, and is, the cornerstone of all Disney animation to come, and an absolute must for your DVD library. <br />SIDENOTE:When Snow White premiered in New York, for publicity, Disney hired seven dwarves to tromp around on top of the theater marquee...all went well until the afternoon when it got hot, the dwarves got bored and thirsty and had booze sent up; well, they all got staggering drunk, took all their clothes off (and relieved themselves over the side, much to the discomfort of hapless passersby) and started fighting...the police were called and hauled them all away in pillow cases...true story.
B00000JY1X|5.0|Go out and buy this album. Matter of fact buy everything ever recorded by Stephen Merrit. Buy it all, everything he recorded, everything he even had his hand in. Stephen Merritt truly is the Queen of Men
0060005688|5.0|Me like book.  Book good.  Choice bad.  Fire.  No fire.  Only choice me need.<br />I loved this book.  A great read.  I couldn't put it down.<br />P.S.  If you decide to read it, I hope that you will keep your expectations low.  Expectations have a lot to do with our perceived enjoyment of things.  I learned this in the book.
0061015725|4.0|I am a big fan of Michael Crichton.  He is a master at creating suspense.  He gives you just enough information for you to sense something is going to happen but you don't know when or what so you just have to keep reading.  I usually read while commuting to work and usually that means about 50 pages per day.  The first time I picked this book up I read 100 pages non-stop.  I finished it in one weekend, which for me is very fast.  Having said that, I have to say that the science part of the novel is more difficult to follow than in, Jurassic Park or Sphere, for example, but I did not mind because I got involved in the action.  After a while it did not bother me that I didn't quite understand the logic of the thing threatening the characters because all I needed to know was that it was scary...  I did like Sphere and Jurassic Park better [and maybe even Congo], but I liked this one better than Airframe, which I found dissapointing.
B00008DDSC|4.0|The storyline is interesting to say the least.  Young girl with obvious self-esteem problems and a penchant for enjoying pain meets older man who suffers from OCD and other 'issues'.  Spader is famous for acting in this fringe, artsy movies.  He does not disappoint in this film.  We are drawn into his character from the beginning.  As the film progresses, we begin to better understand the neurosis and what it is he seeks.  The newcomer, Maggie G., has a breakthrough performance.  The movie opens on a sad, pathetic looking girl and ends with a strong, assertive woman who is beautiful and knows what she wants.<br />As with any relationship of this type, from the outside we see the dominant as being in charge.  But looking closer and some of Maggie's characters actions at the end of the film, we see the submissive is actually pulling the strings - getting what she wants and needs out of the relationship.  <br />All in all, a fine film.  We scripted, directed and acted.
0385504209|3.0|This is a good FICTION/MYSTERY, but all the hype it has recieved really baffles me.  This is a fun read, but you probably won't have any profound realizations in reading this (unless you have never heard any of the history or theory surrounding the christian church).  This is not a book I will read again, but if you want a book which will absorb you, without making you think too much (and will just be FUN) then this one is great.
B000002NC4|5.0|I hate red heads.  Just like I hate television shows that use monkeys when they need more laughs.  You see, monkeys are easy laughs and red heads are ugly; nothing in the past two fit well in any seating.  But this god damn album is amazing.  The luxury fitted within is quite glorious.  Eight tracks and 54 minutes is beautiful.  Nothing is stagnate, and nothing is easy or ugly, everything in this album fits together and listens well to you.  Every song flows out and into the next, while the vocals create a link to the meaning of each.  This is an actually album, and thus it looks good, and works, and quacks, and is quite thoroughly pieced up.<BR>So if you are a red head and you like the monkey off of 'friends' get you to hell.
0316666343|5.0|I reluctantly read this book...then couldn't put it down.  While this is a good book, it isn't the writing, storyline, etc. that really stands out.  It leaves you with a deep appreciation for all the small things in life we take for granted every day.  Interesting story, fairly well written, but if you read it next time you think your life sucks, your attitude may be changed by it.
B0000DD7NL|5.0|whats up im alecia keys # 1 fan only when she makes songs that i  can really relate to like her song you dont know my name when she made that song it made me feel like all thes people talking about folks or whatever you dont know nothing about me and you dont know my name  i really love alecia keys iwish you could send me a get well soon card because some one pushed me off the bus tuesday morning when we were unloading and who ever was behind me pushed me out on the concrete and i hurt my leg it is sprang and bruised so please send me aget well soon card or something that wiill make me feel a whole lot better so holla at ya girl later your#1 fan signing off now
B0000UMD00|5.0|i am a veri nice girl
B0000AMRJD|3.0|Maybe I bought the wrong version.  When I got it at BB there was only one version I think.  I believe I got the full screen version but not sure now.  All I know is I saw this on an import (bootleg?) dvd a couple of years ago and it looked terrible on a 32\\" 4:3 crt.  About half the screen was blocked out due to the original aspect ratio and the crummy transfer.  Well at least with the full screen version there is no letter boxing or blocking but the aspect ration is still screwed up.  It didn't look right on my 60\\" Sony no matter what WIDE mode I was in.  I ended up watching it in Wide Zoom and still got some picture distortion on certain angle shots.  Also, there are some really fuzzy grainey scenes from time to time throughout the movie.<br />Never really got the buzz this movie was about when it came out.  I get it even less now.  It is dated to be sure.  FX's were not that good for 1983 and look worse now.  Guns and gun handling looks pretty good though.  At least no one is trying to help the bullets out of the gun or trying to shoot from slide lock.  No sex really.  A couple of exposed breasts and one nipple.  Lots of blood and guns and piles of coke.   Michelle Pfeiffer looks pretty hot.  Mary Mastrontonio looks like Rosanne Rosanna Danna and Al Pacino has a bad accent.  That's about it.  I guess it's one of those movies you have to see at least once to see what all the fuss is about and this is the best looking video release thus far, warts and all.
B000002UAF|5.0|I have just bought this cd and it's great.  my favourite tracks so far are 1.  Hard days night 2. I should have known better 3. If I fell 4. I'm happy just to dance with you and 8. anytime at all.<br />    A lot of people say Sgt. Pepper is their greates album but it's not true, either this one or beatles for sale<br />    It's a great cd and if you love the beatles don't hesitate to add you to your collection.
B000089RVX|5.0|This CD is so awesome. Although some people may not like it because it is a little bit depressing. Some of the songs tend to talk about suicide orbeing possessed and stuff. So if you don't like depressing stuff you most likely won't like this. But I'll tell ya!! My whole crowd loves this CD as much as I do!!!
B00009TB5G|5.0|Wow, just wow.  This was such a great movie.  I saw it in theaters and luved it.  I already had it on DVD when the extended edition came out so I didnt buy it at first.  &quot;There's a reason those extra 45 min. were deleted.&quot; I told my freinds.  Well it happens I got it for christmas.  AND I WAS BLOWN AWAY.  4 hours at the edge of my seat.  It was gorier, more in depth, it had flashbacks, u learned new stuff.  For example, Aragon is in his 80s.  I wont tell u any more but there is much more.  U find out more about Faramir and Borimir.  More about Rohan.  It is just excellent.  It inspired me to get FOTR (the 1st 1) exteneded, and it was also AWSOME.  The bonus features are so great too.  I watched all of them.  A must buy for any action, sci-fi, adventure, and fantasy fan.  Best DVD of all time, get it today.
0385508417|3.0|This was a good Christmas story. The is a very light-hearted book that makes a great read for Christmas break.  It isn't Grisham's greatest work, but not the worst either.  I would recommend it if you have some free time around Christmas.
B0001906O0|5.0|This long awaited collection is a fan's dream come true.  But, casual and new listeners will also find value in the wide variety of tracks.<br />A quote from the boxset material says it all:  &quot;The first thing I ever did when I got a new single,&quot; remembers Cure vocalist Robert Smith, &quot;was flip it over and play the other side. I always hoped the B-side would give me another version of the artist, something as good as the A-side but somehow different. I expected great B-sides from the artists I loved... &quot;<br />Diehard fans, please note that this set is really a collection of b-sides with a good assortment of rare tracks.  Additional tracks that have yet to be released are most likely going to be included in the upcoming album remasters.  So, don't be alarmed if you find that a particular track is missing.<br />This year promises many exciting things for Cure fans!  Many more reviews for this boxset can be found at my favorite fansite [...]
B000005J56|5.0|Be time oriented, forget this review and BUY THE ALBUM! call a lover  into the room and dance all night, vertical or horizontal.
B0000TG9E2|5.0|I just got my copy of the new \\"Alice In Wonderland\\" DVD and the restoration is beautiful!!!  Much better picture and sound quality than the previous DVD.  Some of the extras are great as well.  I truly didn't expect for them to rerelease this movie so soon, but I am so glad they did!  It is one of my all time favorite Disney films and very under-rated.  I can't wait for more classic Disney films to be released with restoration like this.  I've heard that \\"Dumbo\\" may be one of them, so keep an eye out.  That one really needs it too!
B00008UZPD|5.0|I guess there was some sort of twisted logic at work in the minds of the studio execs who decided to pitch this movie as a quasi-Matrix or Minority Report clone. It's too bad because while this film is far from original in it's concepts, it's a thoroughly excellent, entertaining, and intellectually engaging bit of film making and has nothing even remotely in common with the two aforementioned films.<br />While it borrows heavily from the concepts and themes behind the books Fahrenheit 451 and 1984, it does so in its own unique way to deliver a story that works equally well in terms of social commentary and action.<br />The added element of &quot;Gun Ka&quot;, the form of martial art gunfighting practiced by the film's clerics, is superbly photographed and riveting.<br />While not a perfect film, it's flaws are minor at best and easy to forgive.<br />A not to be missed film for the sci-fi connoisseur.
0446530891|3.0|There was nothing that stands out in this novel, whether it be positive or negative.  The story is about two Secret Service agents, each who have lost a charge in the line of duty, who team up and learn that their two incidents are possibly related, despite the eight year time difference.  The characters and story were not nearly as engrossing as those in Last Man Standing.  The dynamic between the main characters provided for some entertainment and there were a few actions sequences that were exciting.  However, in the end this books becomes off as nothing more than an average mystery thriller.  Last Man Standing is a much better novel, and fans of that book may be disappointed with this effort.  However, devoted Baldacci fans may nevertheless find this an exciting read.
B000058983|5.0|The first time i heard this album i was hooked, and it never gets old. The fact that most people are unaware of Love and Forever Changes is sad, this album deserves to be in the same class as Sgt. Pepper. The first time i heard this album was three years ago, when my dad bought it. I am 23 and i have turned all of my friends onto it, and they all love it too. As for which songs are my favorites, they all are. This cd is also the perfect soundtrack for driving around Los Angeles, or California in general. I don't know if that is what Love had in mind, but it sure fits!
B0000DYJM6|4.0|The only problem with Pearl Jam's Lost Dogs is that the songs are either hit or miss.  I love about 16 of the 31 songs on this double CD, I don't really care for the others.  However, the CD still warrants a 4 star review due to the fact that the great songs amazingly outweigh the worse ones.  Songs like &quot;Sad,&quot; &quot;Alone,&quot; &quot;Fatal,&quot; &quot;Hold On,&quot; &quot;Yellow Ledbetter,&quot; and &quot;Footsteps,&quot; etc. (I could go on) make this cd a must have for any Pearl Jam fan.  Oh, and don't forget the &quot;secret&quot; song at the end of the CD after &quot;Bee Girl.&quot;  It's a song dedicated to Layne Staley, the former lead singer of Alice in Chains, and it's a beauty.  So, listen to both discs, figure out which songs you love, and play them over and over again.  I tend to avoid songs like &quot;Hitchhiker,&quot; &quot;Gremmie Out of Control,&quot; and &quot;The Moonlight&quot; because of their lack of passion and depth.  I'm tired of Pearl Jam not getting the respect they deserve.  They are a classic rock band, and it's about time the mainstream media treats them like one.  Even their &quot;throwaways&quot; are better than 95% of music out there.
B000089RVX|5.0|This album I thought was ok at first.. Then it got to me slowly then a lot quicker after listening to Tourniquet (its electrifying, wow), and their slower emotional songs like My Immortal.. Now I think there one of the greats in my collection like, Smashing Pumpkins, AFI, and Mudvayne.. Not many bands has a person that sings that well, mixed with rock. I love this album A LOT now so I highly recommend getting this album,those of you that don't have it... You don't know what your missing.
0739302043|1.0|If you have already read this book, then you can check the facts. He cant get the correct date for the Qumran discovery, how can he pretend to give any other factual information. I recomend the dictionary of Apologetics by Norm Geisler for the answers to these weak suppositions.( apologetics are NOT apologies, they are the giving of an answer for the REASON behind your faith). The christian faith has nothing to fear from this sort of sensationalastic endeavor, but I wanted to warn any new christians about this book. It is not a christian book! Those who think this book is good-natured fun are mistaken. Re-writing history is serious no matter what kind of history you're talking about, fiction or not. However I will say one thing about the gnostic gospels that may make it clearer... In a thousand years when someone discovers a copy of the national inquirer, who is going to explain it to them!
B0000DBJ2B|5.0|So often today are good fantasy movies or books put out onto the shelves. Nearly all of them are insperations from J.R.R. Tokien's work. <br />The Dark Crystal breaks away from all that and creates a new kind of fantasy. You will not see one creatures that is simalure to a dwarf or or orc which is fantastic and gives the eye something new and freash to look at. Speaking of eye candy, this movie is filled with it and no matter what part of the movie you are at, you will always find some detail in the background. I have watched this movie three times now, and every time through I have noticed something new, or something I missed the first time through. The puppetry is much more realistic then the standard muppets that Jim did for a while. The story is pretty basic too, but the real meat lies in the increadibly detailed world. <br />I seem to recall a time when these types of movies were spat out constantly, movies like Labrynth, and The Never Ending Story. I found all of those other movies very lame with an increadibly 80's twist on them... which was just... weird... *Shudders*<br />Buy the DVD and watch it, then realize why that this movie got a special addition. It's a wonderful, original movie from the past that can never get old.
B000002H4Q|5.0|That person who feels digital technology should remix the album is an idtiot.  One simply does not change what has already been done.  That would be altering something away from what it is.  This is a superb Cure album and it doesnt sound bad at all, sure it doesn't sound like it was recorded yesterday, but hey, it wasn't.
B00003XAVA|5.0|What an album! Two of the greatest harmonizers to ever live churned out a memorable and relaxed album (for the most part). Every song is above average, especially &quot;Carry Me&quot;, &quot;Critical Mass&quot;, and &quot;Low Down Payment&quot;( a real nice rockin' tune). I've already played through the album more times than I can recall, and it never gets old.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I'm sick and tired of people hating on LP.  They didn't sell millions of albums because they suck.  Sure, most of them may be the 14 year olds or the tone deaf ones that buy their stuff.  But you gotta give this band some credit!!!<br />Yes, i do agree to some point that their songs sound the same and the have the same message.  I would like to see a band evolve from album to album, and LP didn't.  But it's ok.  We all have our own tastes.  LP's good.  Not great, but good.<br />They prob won't last forever, but until u flamers out there can come out with something better and sell millions of copies, stfu and sit down.
B00008H2LB|4.0|It eventually grows on you, you need to be in the mood for it though, if your like me. It sounds awsome though when you put it in a stereo and play it loud. Nice mixes with the rock, I'm just not sure about some of the singing..
B000003H2Q|5.0|This is one of those rare albums that sucks you inside its sound texture and holds you there. It makes you turn on the Repeat mode on your CD-player and never stop the music. This is a work of genious, no doubt.<br />By 1995 My Dying Bride have already established themselves as one of the titans of British doom-metal along with such notable bands as Paradise Lost and Anathema. Their previous offering, &quot;Turn Loose the Swans&quot;, was a breakthrough album, one of the best in the genre. And &quot;The Angel and the Dark River&quot; successfully keeps up this tradition of highest quality from MDB.<br />I'd say that this record is the second best in MDB's discography so far. It further develops the style first shown up on &quot;Turn Loose the Swans&quot;, and takes it to the level of perfection. One biggest change is that Aaron Stainthorpe never uses his usual growl on this album. Instead, he sings with clear voice in a very gloomy, depressed, sorrowful moan. He pictures the emotions of helplessness and loss excellently. His vocals is one of the highlights of this album. The lyrics are on par with vocal style, telling tales of lost hope, despair and dying.<br />Another highlight is the album's incredible melodism. This record is built on interwoven melodic passages from dual guitars and violin, played by Martin Powell. I don't know words to describe this experience. The guitar plays slow melodic riff, and then violin comes in, with unearthly melody, weeping, dying of lost hope. In some parts of the album this experience is further enhanced by piano or synthesized organ background.<br />I can't but mention the drumming here. This is a template for what means to be a great doom-metal drummer. Very creative fills and patterns, though never getting in the way of emotional experience of music.<br />The general sound of this album is heavy crushing depression. It's skillfully interchanged with softer, more ballad-like or more ambient parts, so the listener never feels bored. This record is perfect in all aspects, and I fail to see the reason for not liking it. I'd say this is a MUST-HAVE record for anyone interested in emotionally deep music. The strength of experience delivered by &quot;The Angel and the Dark River&quot; is hard to surpass.<br />P.S. Future showed, that Martin Powell was a crucial element for My Dying Bride's majesty. When he left, it took the band full 5 years to make a record, that is close in quality to this one. I'm talking about &quot;The Dreadful Hour&quot;. And still my hopes are high for the upcoming new offering from the depressed Britts.
0156027321|5.0|I began reading Life of Pi while sleeping at a friend's house. I picked it up shortly before bed, thinking I would read a few pages, and, if it was good, I would ask to borrow it in the morning. Little did I know what I was getting myself into.<br />The novel begins with a man telling the author that he has a story &quot;which will make you believe in God.&quot; This is a tall order to fill, and I think it was this promise that kept me reading past the book's initial slowness. By the time I finished Life of Pi, it was 3:00am and I was blown away by the depth of what I had just read. As many reviewers have said, the book leaves the reader with a choice of which reality to believe, and I stayed up the rest of the night pondering the ending.<BR> <BR>The book had promised to &quot;make you believe in God.&quot; Here, and only here, was I dissapointed. I felt no different about God at the end of the book. What I did feel differently about was religion and the way different people interpreted God. But religion is not God, and the book fell painfully short of its promise.<br />But PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, don't let that stop you from reading the book. It is a little slow to start off, as the narrator relates the early childhood of Pi. While this was mildly entertaining, I found myself wanting to skip ahead to &quot;the good stuff.&quot;<br />The &quot;good stuff,&quot; in this case, is what I would call Act 2 of the book. Long story short, Pi's family is moving to Canada, their boat sinks, Pi ends up on a lifeboat in the middle of the Pacific with a hyena, an orangutan, a zebra, and a full-grown Royal Bengal tiger. Soon all the animals have killed one another off, with the exception of Pi and Richard Parker, the tiger. This sets the stage for &quot;the good stuff:&quot; the story of Pi's survival.<br />Yann Martel's style is fresh and engaging. His use of language and sentence structure is very modern, and occasionally doesn't quite fit together. But overall it is very stylishly written. Some have complained that the book is too violent. There are graphic descriptions of killings, feedings, and the rot that follows. Yes, the book is violent, but so is life. Anyone who was expecting a story of this caliber without violence was expecting a Disney version of life, a version which is, frankly, untrue. But the book stays true to reality (or as close as possible) even as it ventures into the absurd.<BR>This book was excellent. It turned out to be my favorite kind of book: the one you can read over and over. Buy a hardcover copy, becuase it will get plenty of use.<br />SPOILER ALERT!!!<BR>There are two stories we can believe at the end of this book: the one with the tiger and the one without. Personally, I chose to believe the one with the tiger, and I'll tell you why. First of all, Pi has to think before he can tell the non-tiger story. It seemed to me that he was making up a story that would please the two Japanese men, and not one that was truthful. But I think that I also chose to believe the tiger story because it's more beautiful, it's more engaging, and because I loved Richard Parker. It seemed a shame to erase him from existence. But, as it has been said, the choice is up to the reader, and it is a wonderful novel either way.
B00005AQF7|5.0|How I miss the classic hip-hop albums of the early 90's. Death Row Records was in its prime, and this album is a large reason. This was definitely Snoop's best album, almost every track is a classic one. From Gin And Juice to Who Am I and Lodi Dodi, Snoop's version of the Doug E. Fresh and Slick Rick classic, this album has no weak points. Snoop comes with lyrics that are funny, innovative, and memorable, as does the rest of the Dogg Pound. If you want a CD to bump in the car then this is what you're looking for. <br />My 3 Favorite Tracks:<br />Lodi Dodi<BR>Gin And Juice<BR>Tha Shiznit
B0001906O0|5.0|Amazing Recordings from one of music's greatest bands. For diehard fans, if you have them all already they sound richer. If you never heard them or some of them, you will hear THE CURE in a different light than their regular hits.<br />My Favs to check out : Lament # 13 on disc 1, Just Like Heaven(Dizzy Mix) on Disc 2, Halo on disc 3, and Out of This World (Oakenfold Mix) on Disc 4<br />Chuck full of material, and the linear notes are very indepth. Worth the wait. TURN IT UP LOUD!
B00008H2LB|4.0|Listening to Good Charlotte makes these people look like gods..But Linkin Park is a good band this is a good album, They still do truly need to work on singing and they need to work on the rock though.
B000089RV6|5.0|only one word can describe ac/dc...incredible!!! angus and the rest of ac/dc made history with this cd. it is by far one of the best classic rock releases ever made. if you dont like ac/dc, then you must not like music at all, because this is the only real music still around today (along with bands like led zeppelin, def leppard, and van halen). angus young is one of the best guitarests ever. he plays with such energy, speed, and talent...you cant compare him to anyone else, except maybee jimmy page of led zeppelin. from track 1 to track 10, this cd is 100% pure rock and roll, the way it was ment to be played. this cd should be apart of EVERY rock listeners collection weather you listen to punk, metal, raggae, or industrial. it is a landmark in rock music and will continue to be a landmark untill someone out-does it...which will NEVER happen...BUY IT NOW!!! AC/DC 4 LIFE!!!
B0001906O0|5.0|What can I say? This is something Cure fans have been awaiting for years. Since I am one of these fans, I have a lot to say... This set contains literally every B-side the Cure has released up to the present time, including songs that later appeared on studio albums. The inclusion of such songs does take up a decent amount of space that could have been left for other rarities, but this is truly consistent with the idea of a comprehensive B-sides collection.<br />The downside to this box set is many die-hard Cure fans will already have over 90% of the material here. One of the major upsides, however, is the previously nearly impossible to obtain songs, such as Possession and Doing The Unstuck (Saunders Remix), which features an outstanding guitar solo by Porl Thompson, beginning just before the fourth minute. His style here is unmistakable and will make fans long for the days before he left the band.<br />The other major plus to this compilation is the improvement in sound quality for many songs - not because they are remastered, but because they are professionally done from the original source tapes. Among the songs featuring a dramatic sonic improvement are Another Journey By Train, Pillbox Tales, Do The Hansa, Lament (Flexipop Version), Sugar Girl (I'm not sure if I've ever heard this from the CD single to compare), and Hello, I Love You (Psychedelic Mix). <br />However, the more recent B-sides as they originally appeared on the CD singles actually sound better and more natural to my ears. I have never been a fan of remastered recordings (at least for music from the 80s and after). Remastered stuff is basically just compressed to be louder and \\"bumps\\" more, while slightly changing, and perhaps distorting, the overall sound. Fortunately, many of you will probably not be bothered by this or even notice it. I admit I am a bit of a fanatic when it comes to fidelity. <br />For the hardcore Cure fan, the previously unavailable material and songs of improved sound quality are enough to make this set worth buying. On top of this, there is literally a book inside this thing, complete with previously unreleased photos and new commentary. This would also be a great collection for the more casual or new fan, as it reveals a whole different side of the band. It is definitely true that unlike many other artists, much of The Cure's greatest work is found in their B-sides and more obscure recordings. <br />I could go on and on, but I won't. Overall, this is an excellent release. For fans who were expecting more rarities out of this set, the four remastered studio albums that are set to be released this year will each contain a bonus disc of rare and unreleased material. I'm hoping there will be some really far out stuff that nobody has ever heard. We'll see!<br />So what are you waiting for? This is an amazing box set by the greatest band in the world!
B0000029GA|5.0|If you consider yourself a fan of Nas, or just a fan of hip-hop, you need to have this album. No album Nas has since released is near as good as this. It is what hip-hop is supposed to be, and what it isn't today. There aren't any songs that were made for MTV, there are no filler songs, there are no hooks repeated again and again, Nas just spits fire on every track. Anyone who says that this isn't a good album because it is only 9 tracks (plus an into) doesn't know what they are talking about. Bottom line is this: This is one of the greatest hip-hop albums ever and you need to pick it up to hear real hip-hop.<br />My Favorite 3 Tracks:<br />Memory Lane<BR>The World Is Yours<BR>N.Y. State Of Mind
B000001FOS|5.0|Joe Lynn Turner (from Rainbow) makes this CD great!  It mellows out the &quot;Viking from Hell&quot; image of the previous recordings.    I absolutely LOVE the ballad &quot;Dreaming (Tell Me).&quot;  It would be great to have more compositions like these from one of the greatest guitar players of all time.  (It's a girl thing.)
B00004Z459|5.0|This is real music, I'm not a disturbed teen. Its rock with mixes to give a new sound with rock. I support this. It started up a new sound for rock.
0802130208|5.0|This book is truly an intensive study of sociopathology and cross-cultural elements.  In addition, Toole depicts the events and characters so humorously and comically, that it is almost impossible not to laugh out loud while reading the book.<br />Sadly, Toole took his own life, when he was unable to find a publisher.  However, his mother persevered, found a publisher, and the book won the National Book Award the year it was published.<br />With astonishing brilliance, Toole describes in fairly graphic detail, the basically non-productive life of the protagonist, and the mess he gets himself into, by creating his own little world, which has little relation to the real world around him.<br />Ultimately, he ends up in a true crisis, and is only extricated, by his college friend from Manhattan.  This book is truly a piece of comic relief that is timeless in its amusement.  It should not be missed.
B00009TB5G|5.0|The Two Towers extended version has important inclusions to the story to help bridge The Fellowship of the Ring and Return of the King. One of the important sections is to show the relationship of Boromir with Faramir and Denethor, and the purpose Denethor sent Boromir to be part of the fellowship.<br />Definately worth getting and watching!
B00004T9UF|5.0|Some people think that The Slim Shady LP was better than this album, but I have to disagree. Both were very good albums but I give this one a slight edge. Em's lyrics, while controversial, are meaningful on most of the tracks, which is nice to see nowadays. He has a nice mix of songs that make you think and songs that make you laugh. The Eminem Show seemed to be an album that was the beginning of the process of turning Eminem into a completely commercialized artist, which I would hate to see happen. Em is at his best when he is talking about what really means something to him, and I hope he continues to do that and not make songs to win Grammys or be on MTV.<br />My 3 Favorite Tracks:<br />Stan<BR>Under The Influence<BR>Remember Me?
B000000OR9|4.0|One of the better Metal bands of the '80s.  There are some lame compositions with lyrics not to be repeated, but the composition &quot;Out Of Love&quot; is absolutely breathtaking!  It's one of those songs you love to belt out in the car and/or shower.  It's deep and moving and makes you hate all your ex's even more!
B00005JLYW|2.0|I learned something from this bad movie. I learned that FUN is more than a lot of eye candy, silly jokes, and a half-baked plot.  This movie is supposed to be a action-packed comedy. The dialogue is supposed to be a spoof of action movie dialogue. And you're supposed to be knocked out by the special effects, the motorcycles, and the slow-motion backflips.<br />But none of it is very amusing or even interesting. All of the &quot;wire-fu&quot; martial arts have been done before. The three lead actresses don't have any chemistry. The jokes fall flat. If a movie like this doesn't have a plot, that's okay, but in this case they needed one. There was no suspense because it was too hard to juggle all the villains. Watching this movie felt like going to Disneyland. It's been carefully engineered for maximum FUN, but all the engineering has bled it dry. I cracked a smile once during the credits.
B00006879E|5.0|I first heard &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot; off of my sister's blaring computer playlist she had conveniently left on although she was working.  As I went into her room to turn it off, I started listening to it and I was like, &quot;Wow! This is pretty good stuff!&quot; I also thought it sounded like Justin Timberlake's voice at first...but that was right after my Boy-Band stage so you have to forgive me.<BR>So I downloaded &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot; off a fansite.  After I listened to that a thousand and one times, I decided it was a good idea if I bought the CD, and I did.<BR>My favorite songs are &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot;, &quot;Not Coming Home&quot;, and &quot;This Love&quot;.  All are great rock (a little grungey but in a good way, with NO ear-blarings on the CD) songs with a great tune and very  nice melodies which stay in your head for days.  I totally recommend this CD to everyone, especially fans of Bleu, Justin Timberlake, Switchfoot, Jason Mraz, John Mayer, and Jack Johnson.
B00005R24K|5.0|When I first heard of Evil Dead, it wasn't in some upscale, fancy movie mag, like EW or Rolling stone. I heard about it from fans of the other horror films I liked; Night of the living dead, texas chainsaw massacre, etc. They said it was one of the few films which was made up of every element that stuck out in these other pictures and still stood tall to the original source material. In terms of entertainment, the film is a 10+. In terms of filmaking, its a little lower. the film was Raimi's first attempt at a motion picture, and he didn't have a lot to work with. The make up is masterfully implemented by the other worldly camera, a charecter in its own. If you care even slightly about horror, see this and the 2 sequels. <br />Oh, and if you are in the market for a DVD of Evil Dead, get this one, not the expensive Book of the Dead one. This has all the features you need on the Book of the Dead, except a short made by Bruce Campbell about fanboys. This has all the others and its in Widescreen with THX sound, so this is the disc for all the cheapo's (like me) out there.
0156027321|4.0|After Pi reads the survival manual aboard his lifeboat he states, \\"Only one important topic was not addressed: the establishing of alpha-omega relationships with major lifeboat pests\\" (168).  And so begins the story of Pi, in Life of Pi, a teenaged boy who finds himself stranded at sea with limited supplies and a 450-pound tiger who goes by the name of Richard Parker.  Yann Martel creates a carefully crafted story and invites readers along on the journey of this tale not soon to be forgotten.  <br /> Pi is a curious individual, and through his attempt to find religion, he finds three.  As a follower of Christianity, Hinduism, and Islam, Pi finds himself justifying his decision to be a member of each.  \\"I just want to love God!\\" he exclaims (69).  This shows the compassionate nature of Pi right from the start.  <BR> Growing up as the son of a zookeeper in Pondicherry, India, Pi gains an extensive knowledge of many of the world's wild animals.  He learns at a young age that the animals, especially tigers, pose a threat to humans.  Pi's father wants to teach his sons a lesson, and tells them that, \\"Tigers are very dangerous... I want you to understand that you are never- under any circumstances- to touch a tiger, pet a tiger, to put your hands through the bars of a cage, even to get close to a cage\\" (34).  When Pi is on the lifeboat with only Richard Parker, it is interesting to watch the ways in which he attempts to deal with the situation.  <BR> This story is told by Martel through Pi's voice, and allows Martel to take readers through Pi's past and his journey at sea, weaving in pieces from Pi's life after the shipwreck.  This structure makes the novel feel more non-fiction-like, as Martel states in the Author's Note, \\"It seemed natural that Mr. Patel's story should be told mostly in the first person- in his voice and through his eyes.  But any inaccuracies or mistakes are mine\\" (XII).  Although the story is completely fictional, the framework gives the readers a sense of reality.  <BR> While Martel may have had many intentions in writing this book, one that seems to stick out is that it is \\"a story that will make you believe in God\\" (X).  It seems a little excessive to throw something so heavy at readers before the novel even begins.  Pi's voyage is most definitely inspiring, but Martel's claim puts pressure on readers from the beginning that this book has a powerful message- when the message itself appears to be enough.  Martel trying to convince readers of this from the start can create feelings of skepticism for some.  <BR> The feeling of belief may become more stable through reading this story, but it does not seem strong enough to make a believer out of a non-believer.  Pi continues his religious journey during his sea journey, practicing his three religions of choice.  Pi never actually chooses one religion, which is an aspect of the novel that seems to lack the necessary closure.  The issue of religion seems to be left up in the air for the readers to form their own thoughts about.  <BR> Martel's voice offers readers humor and hope throughout the novel.  The story starts out lighthearted, with Pi explaining his nickname.  Pi was born Piscine Molitor Patel, named after a pool.  After much embarrassing confusion, he decides to shorten his name to just Pi, explaining that, \\"in that Greek letter that looks like a shack with a conjugated tin roof, in that elusive, irrational number with which scientists try to understand the universe, I found refuge\\" (24).  This type of writing that keeps readers entertained.  <BR>Once Pi's adventure begins, readers may expect the optimistic tone to lose steam, but many passages are still laugh-out-loud funny, even though Pi is stranded and in despair.  His writing contains some gruesome depictions of the tiger's treatment of the other animals, but it is hard to skip over.  It makes the story appear more real, with situations that could potentially happen if one found himself in the middle of the ocean.  <BR>This novel provides readers with a pleasurable experience and they may find themselves really caring about Pi.  Pi gets so close to the readers that even the most outrageous things he says readers will still want to regard as truth.  Martel uses this close relationship to his advantage and plays with the reader's compliance to trust the events.  When Pi finds himself explaining his experience to people, they do not easily accept what he says.  As a reader who was there with Pi during every moment of his journey, one may find herself frustrated with these nonbelievers that Pi encounters.   <BR>Fans of a wide-range of genres are sure to enjoy Life of Pi.  It is fiction, but it reads like non-fiction, and draws readers from both ends of the spectrum.  Pi's journey will catch the attention of those looking for adventure, and the writing will keep them reading with fervor until the very last page.  This thought-provoking novel reads fairly quickly, and the twist at the end will make readers want to read it all over again.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|Whether you loved George Harrison or not, you will feel the love that all the participants in this concert have for the man. A very moving tribute concert put together by one of George's closest friends, Eric Clapton, it was a magical night.<br />Everyone from Paul and Ringo to Tom Petty and Jeff Lynne to Monty Python to his own son Dhani (who looks just like him!) were on stage giving their all for George.<br />The whole concert was great, but there were a few highlights for me personally. Monty Python's &quot;Sit On My Face&quot; and &quot;Lumberjack Song&quot; were a pleasure to see with Tom Hanks filling in for John Cleese. Tom Petty's renditions of &quot;Taxman&quot; and &quot;I Need You&quot; were perfect as well as the little Travelling Wilbury's &quot;reunion&quot; with Jeff Lynne filling in for Roy Orbison. McCartney's ukelele version of &quot;Something&quot; was very touching especially when the full band came in mid-way through the song. By this point, there were 5 drummers and at least 7 guitarists playing at once! Then, Clapton gave a very emotional performance of &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; - extended guitar solo and all. Very moving. One unexpected highlight was Jools Holland and Sam Brown (man can she sing!) performing the last recorded Harrison song &quot;Horse to Water&quot;. Performance-wise, Sam Brown stole the show!  But it wasn't about who was better or worse. There was a true humble feeling of nothing but love for the quiet Beatle.<br />The very best moment for me was Billy Preston singing &quot;Isn't It a Pity&quot; (my personal favorite Harrison song). That's the moment that brought me to tears. <br />If you loved George, it is inevitable that you will come to tears at some point watching this DVD. If you are new to Harrison's work, you will be truly inspired by the beauty of his music. This is not to miss!
B00005OAIE|5.0|CONCEPT. How many compare him to Dave Mathews, Kenny Wayne, or some common pop artist that they can identify with some small similarity. Critics tend to do things like this due to the small amount of music they have consumed.  Has it all been done before?  Yes maybe it has in some ways.  Only the dedicated music lover or the professional student of music would recognize the growth process of concept that leads to individuality.  Unlike the common pop artist, John Mayer is extremely impressive in that he attempts to be true to himself by playing what he likes. Rather then being pushed into the mainstream to only evolve into some fabrication of a over produced money cranking music box to line some executives pocket, he dares to take an extended solo or writes the occasional tune that veers into a direction that the masses can't classify as rock, jazz, blues or country. How uncomfortable we are when those of us that feel &quot;we have heard it all&quot; can't identify what we hear... or can't shove it in our category box and stick it in our closet.  No.  You can't do that with John.  No matter how uncomfortable you are with his young age and his prodigous talent, you must let your discomfort go if only to allow the music industry to accept him for what he is and not force him to change.  <br />Why my unease with what is written about John? Pop critics must learn what jazz critics learned years ago... they  usually have no idea of what they're talking about!  Be glad you aren't hearing the next slim shady. Let the artist play what's on their soul. John already stamped his sound on pop... critics beware as you may be ridiculed for lack of celebration for a new young voice... again!
0385504209|4.0|I loved &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; by Dan Brown.  This is the first time that I have read one of his books and he has made me a fan already.  I enjoyed the book from the first page to the last.  I must say that the more I read, the more I wanted to read.  I enjoy books with action and mystery and this definately is a favorite.  I am sure that I will be reading this book over and over again in the future.  If you haven't read it yet, you must!!
0375707972|5.0|\\"The Reader\\" explores Germany's guilt-ridden relationship with its own past by objectifying it in the sexual and emotional coupling of a 15-year-old boy and a 36-year-old woman.  On the face of it, that doesn't sound like the premise for one of the best pieces of Holocaust fiction available (certainly the best I've read), but it is.  Far from eroticizing Nazism or trivializing the Holocaust, using the metaphor of a human relationship makes them both more accessible.  Schlink provides a way into the unique postwar experience of the German people by relating it to things we have all experienced: guilt and romantic love.  Issues and events which usually repel or dismay us with their enormity are taken out of the zones of History and Philosophy and reconfigured on to a human scale - the scale on which they happened, and on which they must be confronted if we are ever to understand them fully.  I was surprised and moved to find a novel which treats the Holocaust in this way; a novel which risks being horribly misunderstood in order to foster understanding.  The erotic aspect of the novel is, in the end, a minor one and hardly the point: it's about so much more than that.  Through careful characterisation and plot development, Schlink manages not only to make plain the ease with which German civilians were drawn into unspeakable roles, but also to explore the difference between a legal conviction and real justice, between retribution and recompense, and, most importantly, the almost insoluble situation in which Germans born postwar find themselves - laden with guilt for things they did not do and for which they cannot possibly atone.  Interestingly, Schlink's book also becomes a sustained yet subtle commentary on the function of literature and literacy as ways of recording and recovering the past.  (Those interested in this subtext might like to read next W. G. Sebald's \\"On The Natural History of Destruction\\" which explores the historical unwillingness, and therefore the contemporary inability, of German literature to deal with the terrorist victimization of German civilians at the hands of the Allies.)  For all its high intent, and equally high achievement, \\"The Reader\\" is almost an easy read.  Schlink's language (or Carol Brown Janeway's translation, at least) is smooth, straightforward, concise and precise.  His subject is dignified by such simplicity.contemporary inability, of German literature to deal with the terrorist victimization of German civilians at the hands of the Allies.)  For all its high intent, and equally high achievement, \\"The Reader\\" is almost an easy read.  Schlink's language (or Carol Brown Janeway's translation, at least) is smooth, straightforward, concise and precise.  His subject is dignified by such simplicity.
0385504209|5.0|There is nothing I can say about this book that is bad, except that i can't get it out of my head.  Not only does it (attempt) an explanation of Mona Lisa's mysterious smile, but it describes Jesus's life and defines the Holy Grail.<br />If you love Indiana Jones, Leonardo da Vinci, and twists and turns on every page, there is no reason you shouldn't love this book.<br />However, i must say that you have to have a fairly open mind to enjoy this book.  Since this does put the (alleged) flaws of one of the world's major religions in the spotlight, many people get instantly PO'd.  If you start to read this and think \\"This is offensive to my faith,\\" either 1)stop reading or 2)use your brain and rememeber this is a work of FICTION and not the be-all, end-all of your life.  If you want to believe what Dan Brown says, good for you.  If you want to burn him in effigy, um, relax and take a deep breath?<br />Those who SHOULD like this book:  adventure novel readers, art historians, people who like books that create a bit of a stir, people who are interested in alternative history (I think that's the word for it)<br />Those who PROBABLY won't like this book: extrememly orthodox christians, people who have no experience with renaissance art, people who can't stand \\"super\\" hero/ines.<br />Follow your best judgement.  Remember, a book cannot do anything to you or your faith if you don't let it.
B00006M183|5.0|Although many people would disagree with me, to my mind Yield and Binarual were the best PJ albums they made since their debut. You can hear many dissaponted fans wich think that everything PJ released since 1994 couldn't be compared to Ten. F**k them! Ten wich contained such great songs as Jeremy, Release, Black, was indeed great and powerful, but PJ have changed their style with every upcoming album, and they ARE NOT WORSE than they were 10 years ago. They're just different. So is Binarual, and so is Riot Act.<BR>Riot Act kicks off with an amazing intro &quot;Can't Keep&quot;, followed by a stunning and raging rock song &quot;Save You&quot;, wich sounds kinda like &quot;Spin the Black Circle&quot; from Vitalogy. &quot;Love Boat Captain&quot; is one of the best songs on the album, it is also dedicated to 9 Pearl Jam fans who died in Roskilda few years ago (&quot;Lost nine friends I'll never know&quot;). &quot;Cropduster&quot; and &quot;Ghost&quot; are Ok, but they just take time to grow on You. First single &quot;I am mine&quot; is terrific, and so are the next two songs - acoustic &quot;Thumbing my way&quot; and guitar experiment &quot;You Are&quot;. Next highlight in my opinion is Ed's speech on &quot;Bushleaguer&quot;. The album closes with an excellent depressive ballad &quot;All or None&quot; <BR>I can only once more remind you that every Pearl Jam album is worth 5 stars, you just have to see beyond &quot;Ten&quot; and &quot;Vs&quot;, as they evolve and become more stable.
0671510991|2.0|When I read Mr. Kissinger had published this book I could not wait to buy it. Well, I bought it and read it. But although, as many reviwers had marked his style is plain and direct I have two main objections.<BR>First. The chapters From the Peace of Westphalia to the First World War are not very good. I am sorry to say that he has no idea of Eurpean Foreign Policy in Modern History. Not to mention that the importance given to the American Revolution is completely naive. Like trying to explain the begining of the French revolution because of the famous Affair of the necklace. I suggest to Mr. Kissinger to read again , or for the first time Renouvin, Hobswann  or La nouvelle Clio.<br />The second part has more interest specially because he is honest enough to say that any power has the right to try to impose its policy. Curious that he critics that same thing about Richelieu. But anyway is the best part. And definitively the book  must be read because at the end of the book he is giving the point of view of a witness. And that is always very interesting. You can be agree with  him or not but that Mr. Kissinger is one of the most relevants polititians of the last century is a fact and nobody can deny that. Another thing is if you share his thoughts or political behaviour. But I recomend it as a source for a History profesional. And , of course , we all know how a direct source must be considered when we are talking about History.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly was an incredible show.  I never got a chance to see it when it was actually on television, but being a fan of Joss Whedon's other creations, I had to give it a try.  And I must say that I was blown away.  I was expecting something like Buffy the Vampire Slayer or Angel and thought I would have been disappointed if it weren't like them. I was wrong.  It is nothing like Buffy or Angel, and I was not disappointed.  I'm under the impression that Joss Whedon can do no wrong when he is in charge.<br />There are several things that make this show absolutely fabulous:<br />1.  The characters.  There aren't too many shows that have character development that could surpass Firefly.  The characters work off of each other and you find yourself relating to them.  The actors and actresses who portray them are perfect.<br />2.  The writing.  Joss Whedon, Tim Minear and an array of other wonderful writers have compiled some of the best scripts in television.  There are several episodes that are brilliantly written.  The story is incredible and has so much room to grow.<br />3.  The acting.  The actors and actresses in this show, both regulars and guest stars give memorable performances.  There isn't a poor performance in the entire series.<br />All in all, Firefly is an amazing show that would have been a ton of fun to follow for years.  Unfortunately, television executives don't always see eye to eye with viewers.  Who knows, if the movie is a huge success, perhaps another network will try and pick it back up.  I sure hope so. If you watch this, chances are, you will too.
B00004Z459|1.0|For telling it like it is. I would just add that this band's whining makes me want to strangle them. All this a-tonal sing-songy nurshry-rhyme style frat-punk ruling alt-radio these days has got to go.<br />Some little interesting electronica patter comes on and then the next moment that painfully familiar Linkin Log guitar drone comes in again and I wanna puke. I feel sorry for kids coming up today who think this is music.
B00006879E|5.0|Thats what i said when i first got this cd, and listened to it all the way through, im a fan of music that you can just chill and listen to. This definately hits the spot. A must see cd !
0394716787|5.0|I must admit, I am a Poe fanatic. I have read this book twice already. I do not know what it is about Poes' stories that just suck you in. I find Poes' mindset to be extremely fascinating. I do not think that anyone would be able to decipher what went about in that mans mentality.<br />Reading Poe is beyond a mere thriller. His stories are not only mysterious with intrigue and drama, they also make you think. You sit and ponder 'why?', why did the character do this or say that. Like in my favorite tale &quot;Black Cat&quot;, you sit and wonder what made the character behave the way he did. Was it caused by drink or was it caused by 'bad luck'? Or with the ever famous &quot;Cask of Amontidallo&quot;, what was the grave insult that Montresor suffered?<br />Such questions will never be directly answered, as all the conclusions will inevitably be suppositions made by people, such as you and I. All in all, reading Poes' stories is mesmerizing in itself, and this book is as complete as it gets. It is a pretty large paperback (not like the mass market) and the font is actually much better than that in the hardback book. This is a worthwhile read at an excellent price.
B0000AI44Q|5.0|This is one of the best albums of the past 20 years. Seeing the greendale show  live was one of the greatest shows ever.  Cant wait to see the GREENDALE movie and the release of GREENDALE VOL.2...silver and gold!!!!
B000021YQV|2.0|. . . musically at least. Sometimes I just can't get behind a group or album that has merit because something stupid or irritating sticks out like a sore thumb. Thus I will never give Travis, Mr. Big, Mr. Mister or Uncle Kracker a chance because I don't want such stupid band names in my collection. I almost rejected Korn outright because of their lame name. Gee, might as well call your band &quot;Carrots&quot; or &quot;Broccholi.&quot;<br />SOAD can rock, no question. Some of their earlier stuff is good, well mostly the insane-sounding &quot;Sugar&quot; is great. But this album has such gratingly, embarrassingly bad lyrics I have to turn it off.<br />&quot;Life is a waterfall/ We drink from the river/ Then turn around and build up the wall?&quot; . . . &quot;Always wanna win but you never wanna lose?&quot; - DUH!!!!<br />Sorry, this music is for pinheads.
B000002UAO|5.0|Amazing that losers who buy CDs from Target think they're such great musical geniuses and critics. Seriously, you buy CDs from Target and you think you have the right to talk about all-time great albums? Good luck in real life losers.
0385504209|4.0|I thought this book was a great read.  PROS-1) You can't help but read it.  You will find yourself looking up any kind of info on Leonardo Da Vinci.  2) The way that Dan Brown beautifully describes all things Euro is amazing.  3) It will make you question, even if it's for a brief moment, Christianity.  CONS-1) The absurdity of explaining things to an expert who is suppose to know about said saubject already.  I realize that it's for our benefit but c'mon.  2)  The guessing games both Robert & Leigh  play, not only with eachother but with others, when time is not very bountiful.  3) The sexual tension between Robert & Sophie.<br />I won't spoil anything more.  Overall, it was a great read.  I couldn't stop reading it.  Enjoy & good reading!!
0553103547|5.0|Other reviewers on this site have given this a low grade because it is not entirely fantasy or entirely historical fiction.  Well, I am  appalled at the narrow mindedness of these critics.  This book travels through several points of view and ventures into each charater's personality intemitly. The use of imagery is fantastic.  The plot may seem vague if seen from a glance, but the emotional impact of the internal conflicts blows the reader away.
B000001Y2U|5.0|The tight-wad religious right-wingers can't stand it, but Marilyn Manson has left his stain on society and his mark on today's youth. He exposes the lies inherent in our culture and the willful evil of our society . . . and, oh yeah, he rocks.<br />The industrial rock of Marilyn Manson the group reflects a wide-eyed intelligence that sets it apart from most other band's music. ANTICHRIST SUPERSTAR loosely relates the birth, rise and reign of Satan's Son, a being ironically sent to tear down the evil of the world with its own kind of evil (\\"Capitalism has made it this way/ Old-fashioned fascism will take it away\\" - from \\"The Beautiful People\\").<br />Full of menace, rage and seething hatred, this music is tailor-made to appease the demons boiling deep inside you. The lyrics, music and imagery combine to make superior rock n roll with something to say (something very dark to say). \\"1996\\" is my favorite track.<br />An aside: This album art is some of the weirdest, grossest, most shocking I've seen including photos of the \\"worm boy\\" transforming into the antichrist angel. Way Cool.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|Where do I start? I felt compelled to write a review after seeing all these pointless one star reviews. Ill just put in my two cents. From the beggining, to the finale/cliffhanger I was on the edge of my seat, as clische as that sounds. Never have I seen a film expand upon so much on its predecessor. Taking the story in a very unexpected territory, the wachowskis have crafted a film(s) which works on so many levels. To the unmistakable parallels with the world today, or the fascinating way they approach the themes which have run through this whole trilogy, I was in awe. Just when I thought I knew what was coming up next, ::spoiler:: Neo went through that door, and here I was expecting him to get to the source, we end up in this white room with the walls filled with television screens (the same as the ones in the first film during the inerrogation) revealing to us that Neo himself is just a pawn in the cycle by the architect to further perfect the matrix itself by &quot;reloading&quot; it, though it is revealed to be a much grander scheme involving the oracle and Smith as we learn in revolutions. So much for the prophecy of the one. People seem to assume the plot is nonsensical, the &quot;pseudo philosophical mumbo jumbo&quot; is there to make the movie seem smart. Ok. If thats what you want to believe fine. Its not. Every plot point every conversation in this film (trilogy as a matter of fact) is pertinent either to the story or the themes themselves. Now on to the other point where these films shine: Epic battles and Visual effects. I wont deny there was a few dodgy cg shots during the hundred Smith fight (i expect this to be fixed for the boxset, hopefully) Aside from that, perfection. The battle in the chateau of the merovingian is stunning. Great choreography and overall so very exciting, which leads us straight into the famous highway chase. Without a doubt one of the finest action pieces Ive ever seen. 14 minutes of pure visceral entertainment, incredible fromstart to finish (youd be surprised to see just how much of it is real), so take my word for it these will have you in awe. By the end of the film following one of the most frenetic scenes ive witnessed in Science Fiction, one final plot twist and there you have it: To be concluded. And conclusion is what youll get in the third film (despite what many would say), trust me.<BR>I guess ive made it pretty clear how I feel about this film (and the trilogy for that matter) all I can do is give a wholehearted reccomendation.<BR>Keep an Open Mind (or free it if you will, heheh)as this truly isnt youre average hollywood &quot;action flick&quot; and I seriously doubt well ever see a movie like this again. A solid &quot;A&quot; for a film and series that will be considered in the future as a staple in Science Fiction along with classics such as Blade Runner, 2001: a space oddysee, Terminator and other great works in sci fi.
B0000D96NW|5.0|Machine Head have created a monster! I was so disgusted with &quot;Supercharger&quot; that I thought they could never recover. However, for many bands I believe this to be the age of re-emergence, and Machine Head have re-emerged in a big way. <BR>&quot;Through the Ashes of Empires&quot; is brilliant. It's heavy, overwhelmingly catchy, extremely aggressive, very well structured, and excellently titled. <BR>&quot;Imperium&quot; will hopefully remind people just how catchy Machine Head can be, and realise just how the band was at the front of the metal scene back in '94. &quot;Elegy&quot; is probably my favourite song on this album. It's deep, well vocalled approach is something new and refreshing.<BR>There isn't a bad song on here, and Phil Demmel is an excellent replacement because Luster was about the worst guitarist I've ever heard. &quot;Descend the shades of night&quot; leaves the album on an amazing high, or low, depending on your outlook. <BR>Machine Head returns, I'm very thankful. What a band.
B000002MTR|4.0|If you like the Chili peppers you will love this album.  It has its weak spots but it also has its high marks that are at times better than anything on californication.  Aeroplane is one of these major moments. the song was left off of the greatest hits, and that is an unbelievably bad mistake. It's great. another great track is my friends, it's almost as good as aeroplane. walkabout is a smooth sounding song that's both cool and musical, it is my favorite off the album. the rest of the tracks are great but these three are the major standouts that i would recommend upon 1st listen.  I highly recommend this album to anyone who liked any of the other Pepper albums.
B000002U82|5.0|im usually into rap and hip hop but this c.d is great. No, not great, &quot;Genius&quot;. Now im in to other rock just because of this album.  <BR> Thank you pink floyd...
0385504209|5.0|IT'S A MARVELOUS BOOK THAT YOU DON'T WANT TO PUT DOWN.<br />FACT? FICTON? A COMBINATION OF EACH? THEREIN LIES THE RUB AND ONE OF THE MAJESTIES OF THIS BOOK. THE FACT THAT IT HASN'T BEEN &quot;BANNED IN BOSTON,&quot; CHASTISED BY THE CHURCH, BEEN BURNED IN EFFIGY (AT LEAST NOT TO MY KNOWLEDGE)I FIND MORE THAN INTERESTING - NOT THAT I THINK ANY SUCH THINGS SHOULD TAKE PLACE. I FOUND IT AN EXTREMELY INTERESRTING BOOK ON A NUMBER ON LEVELS, NONE HAVING ANYTHING TO DO WITH RELIGION (OF WHICH I'M AN UNKNOWLEDGABLE SCHOLAR).<br />FIVE OR SIX STORIES ARE GOING ON AT ONCE, INNUMERABLE CHARACTERS (ALL FASCINATING &amp; COMPLEX), SCHOLARLY INFO, MICKY SPILLANE MYSTERY PLOTS ALL OVER THE PLACE, SHORT CHAPTERS THAT CONSTANTLY SWITCH THEME, ETC. -- YET, THE ABILITY OF THE AUTHOR TO KEEP THE READER INVOLVED, EASILY ABLE TO STAY ON TRACK OF THE ENTIRE PLOT AND VOLUMINOUS FACTS, AND EAGERLY LOOK FOWARD TO WHAT FOLLOWS IS FANTASTIC. AND I CAN'T EVEN BEGIN TO IMAGINE THE AMOUNT OF RESEARCH HE HAD TO DO - OVERWHELMING.<br />ONLY ONE BRIEF CRITICISM. I THINK MR. BROWN COULD HAVE, AND SHOULD HAVE SHORTENED THE BOOK BY 50-100 PAGES.
B00006NSGX|5.0|This CD is a great sampler of Eric Clapton's work.  With material ranging from Reptile (a Bossa Nova) to rockers such as Sunshine of Your Love this live concert CD shows just how versatile Eric Clapton is.  The accoustic blues tradition started with the &quot;Unplugged&quot; concert is continued here as well.  The only Eric Clapton material that I would recommend more strongly is the DVD of this same concert.
B00000634J|4.0|This CD is a compilation of Lennon's solo career. I'm a Beatles fan and I've always thought that the evolution of Lennon in the 70's wasn't exactly the best. This CD is a testimony of that period of time in Lennon's life. Being a Macca fan also made me a little critical about Lennon, but if you are a 'new' fan (let's say a '1' fan) you'd better buy some Beatles CD's first (Rubber Soul, Revolver). Then you can buy this and maybe Wingspan. But don't try to listen to Lennon music without understand his previous music. For me it's the right way to enjoy for example 'Watching the wheels', a song that is -in my opinion- great song in the proper context, almost like all the others songs in this CD, with the exception of 'Jealous Guy', 'Woman' and of course 'Imagine'.
B000068PQ0|1.0|NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO.
B00005JL3A|1.0|BEFORE THIS MOVIE CAME OUT I HAD HIGHLY ANTICIPATED TO BE A GREAT MOVIE, BUT IT SUCKED SO BAD AND IT WAS STUPID THE GRAPHICS WERE HORRIBLE IVE SEEN SCARY MOVIES FROM THE 70'S THAT HAS BETTER SPECIAL EFFECTS THAN THIS CRAP. A LITTLE ADVICE TO ANYONE WHOS THINKING ABOUT BUYING THIS MOVIE DONT!!!!!! NOT EVEN RENT IT, ITS NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY.
0140042520|2.0|Maybe I am not as enlightened as all of you, but I don't think this book is all that great. Kerouac is often completely incoherent. Much of what is said is nonsense. Further more I don't understand why everyone wants to be a Dharma Bum, they are nothing but leaches living off what others earn. It is a decent read, especially the mountain climbing scene, but not as great as some make it out to be, definitely not life changing.
B000088E6D|2.0|How ironic that American Idol judge Randy Jackson should praise Michael Buble. Because this album sounds like American/Pop Idol on the night they get the contestants to &quot;do&quot; Big Band numbers.<br />The record company and producer David Foster have gone for the safest possible option to ensure that it appeals to everyone who thinks that Perry Como is cutting edge. So we have songs made immortal by Peggy Lee, Dean Martin, Bobby Darin, Dean Martin. Don't try anything fancy - use the original arrangements (well they were the best). While we're at it why not try and corner the housewife market - throw in some Bee Gees and Stevie Wonder; be real adventurous and go for whatever market still thinks George Michael and Freddie Mercury camp is cool.<br />I'm sorry but it all sounds too boy band or cabaret for comfort. The start of &quot;For Once In My Life&quot; reminded me of the old British variety performer Frankie Vaughan and &quot;Give Me The Moonlight&quot;. &quot;How Can You Mend A Broken Heart&quot; is so awash with Barry Gibb they might as well have used the Bee Gees track wholesale. &quot;Crazy Little Thing Called Love&quot; sounds like a poor cover of Dwight Yoakam's cover version; &quot;Fever&quot;, with its watered-down electric bass line, sounds pathetic.<br />The best tracks are Van Morrison's &quot;Moondance&quot; and George Michael's &quot;Kissing A Fool&quot;, and he does have a good stab at the guvnor's &quot;Come Fly With Me&quot;. But it's all far too smooth and polished; from the sleevenotes I see that the strings and horns (except for the odd solo) are synth programmed, and I have to say it all sounds programmed.<br />There is no denying the man can sing; he does sound like the young Sinatra. At the moment you're far better off with the real thing, even recordings 60 years old. Hopefully someone will find him some more original material and some decent backing musicians for his next album; in the meantime I'm reserving this for strictly background easy listening, when we're entertaining and want something on but don't want to spoil the conversation.
B000003TAR|5.0|Hard to tell you how good this album is. Its raw, emotional and unconventional. Nevermind is nearly perfect and maybe their best album, but In Utero is probably the record Cobain wanted to make.
B00005JLWN|1.0|THIS MOVIE IS SO STUPID, WHOEVER THOUGHT OF PUTTING THAT LINE SAYING FORGET ABOUTH THE MATRIX ON THE BOTTOM SHOULD BE SMACKED. THIS MOVIE MADE NO SENSE WHATSOEVER, CRISTIAN BALE LOOKS LIKE A BOGUS NEO. THE PLOT WAS SO STUPID (ITS ILLIGEAL TO HAVE FEELING OF ANY KIND)WHAT TYPE OF GARBAGE IS THIS IT MADE NO SENSE DOESNT SMILING REPRESENT EMOTION WHICH I SAW THROUGHOUT THE MOVIE, THE FIGHT SCENES WERE SO FAKE AND THEY WERE BLOODY AND GOREY, THE FINAL FIGHT SCENE BETWEEN CHRISTIAN BALE AND TAYE DIGGS WAS SO SHORT YOU WOULD EXPECT IT TO BE MORE LONGER AND MORE EXCITING THAN IT WAS BUT INSTEAD TAYE DIGGS GETS HALF OF HIS FACE CHOPPED OFF WITHIN A MINUTE OF THE FIGHT. DONT BUY THIS MOVIE THERE ARE PLENTY OF MOVIES THAT DIDNT MAKE IT TO THE BIG SCREEN THAT ARE BETTER THAN THIS CRAP.
B0000VAFO0|4.0|For several hundred years, vampires and lycans (werewolves) have fought a long war. Most of the vampires don't understand why they are at war, but believe that they have nearly wiped out the lycans, or have they?  Thus begins the 2003 film &quot;Underworld&quot;, which was under the direction of Len Wiseman in his directorial and authorial debut.  He co-wrote the film's story with Kevin Grevioux and Danny McBride, who also both played the characters Raze (a fierce lycan) and Mason respectively and were two of the film's associate producers.  The lead character in the film, a vampire soldier named Selene, is played by the actress Kate Beckinsale, who is remembered for playing the leading female character in the melodramatic 2001 film &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot;. <br />As a soldier, Selene is known as a Death Dealer.  She and her fellow Death Dealers are armed with machine guns that fire silver bullets.  The lycans are similarly armed, but use ultraviolet light-emitting bullets instead.  Whereas most of the lycans appear to have fighting skills, most of the vampires seemingly spend their time lounging about.  The film begins with a skirmish between Selene, who is accompanied by another Death Dealer, and two lycans who she discovers are following a human named Michael Corvin (Scott Speedman).  Michael escapes, but Selene becomes engrossed with understanding why the lycans are so interested in him.  With total disregard to leading vampire Kraven's (Shane Brolly) disapproval, Selene captures Michael, but the leading lycan, named Lucian (Michael Sheen), also catches up with him and bites him.  Hence, Michael begins to transform into a lycan, but Selene's continued interest in him develops into something else.  She also discovers a lot more about her own history, the history of vampires and lycans, Lucian's plans, and the leading vampire in which she places the greatest trust, Viktor (Bill Nighy).<br />Though the plot of &quot;Underworld&quot; is thin, it is unique in its portrayal of the relationship between the two popular mythological creatures of vampires and werewolves. The on-screen fights, special effects and action are entertaining, and the dark and nearly achromatic cinematography used nearly throughout the film's 121 minutes maintains an infernal atmosphere.  The off-screen action is also interesting as Michael Sheen is Kate Beckinsale's former boyfriend with whom she conceived a child several years ago, and she is now Len Wiseman's fiance.  Memorable on-screen scenes include the opening skirmish, Selene with Michael, skirmishes with Lucian, raising Viktor, and the last 30 minutes (or so) of the film.  Notable special effects include the werewolf transformations, Michael's transformations and the extra-human abilities that the vampires and werewolves have.  The most annoying character in the film is Kraven.<br />Overall, I rate &quot;Underworld&quot; with 3.5 out of 5 stars, rounded to 4 stars. From the film's ending, it is easy to deduce that a sequel may be in the works.
B0001906O0|5.0|The Cure are one of those special bands that have recorded a large body of material and some of their best songs are left hidden on b-sides of singles, demos or lost on some film soundtrack somewhere. This box set brings all of their b-sides and some odds and ends together for the first time. Much of the material making it's cd debut. Some of the best of these lost songs include &quot;I'm Cold&quot;, &quot;A Chain of Flowers&quot;, &quot;This Twilight Garden&quot;, &quot;2 Late&quot;, &quot;Pillbox Tales&quot; and &quot;To the Sky&quot;. Sure there are some things missing....the &quot;Cult Hero&quot; single, &quot;Carnage Visors&quot;, the long instrumental originally on the Faith cassette and the &quot;Curiosity&quot; live tracks, but this is still a long overdue and excellent collection. It includes a nice booklet with song comments by Robert Smith and lots of photos. This collection is recommended for new and old Cure fans alike.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|\\"X2 X-Men United\\" is, simply put, an exhilarating and exciting follow up to the first movie.  Cartoons and comic books aside, as a theatrical/DVD release, this movie entertains as much or more than the first one.  Yes, many a fan of those cartoons and comic books are reeling from the major differences and those nuances left out of the movies but, just for a minute, take a look at this film and its predecessor from a completely open perspective and you will clearly see that this film has all of the elements that make for a successful action/adventure movie and yes, it does have a plot and that plot is very well thought out.<br />One of the better aspects of this film and the first is that there are elements that were set up in the first film that weren't paid off in that film but are paid off here such as; Wolverine and his mysterious past and Jean Grey's future...  Along with those payoffs, there are some great new character arcs that are set up in this outstanding film.  <br />The entirety of the cast from the first film makes their return in this film and there are some great new additions to the cast of actors/characters.  Long time fans of Star Trek are most assuredly familiar with Patrick Stewart and his exceptional acting abilities and, just as in the first film, it's wonderful to see him on screen with Famke Janssen, who most will recognize as Kamala from one of Star Trek The Next Generation's best episodes.  Ian McKellen, most recently of \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" fame makes a return appearance as Magneto and performs to his wonderful standards.  <br />The ever beautiful Rebecca Romijn-Stamos performs brilliantly as Mystique just as Halle Berry does with Storm and I'm sure taking a huge cut in pay.  New to cast and series is Alan Cumming as Nightcrawler and his performance is astonishing to say the least.  Hugh Jackman has to be one of the luckiest men in the world when considering how many takes it might've taken when he has Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, Halle Berryand Famke Janssen all portraying an attempted seduction of Wolverine...<br />I've never watched any other films that Bryan Singer has directed but with this and the first X-Men movie, one can definitely tell that this director has a long future in directing action films.<br />The Premise:<br />A teleporting mutant makes an attempt on the life of the President, right in the oval office after easily wading through the Secret Service, but he stops short of killing the President and disappears from the White House.  Not long thereafter, we're reintroduced to the X-Men and they're after the teleporting mutant who attempted to take out the President and Wolverine's makes his return.  Unbeknownst to them though, William Stryker, who is played exceptionally well by Brian Cox, is a government agent who has plans to eliminate all of the mutants on the planet...<br />What follows from there is one of the best action/adventure genre movies that I've ever watched.  I would highly recommend this film to any and all fans of films from this genre, whether you're into the comics or not.  I personally have never read them and have followed the characters quite easily as the producers and the director have gone out of their way to ensure that those of us that don't follow the X-Men regularly will have no problem following the film.  {ssintrepid}<br />Special Features:<br />-Full-Length Commentary with Director Bryan Singer and Cinematographer Newton Thomas Sigel, ASC<br />-Full-Length Commentary with the Writers and Producers<BR>-\\"Nightcrawler Attack\\" Interactive Multi-Angle Scene Study<BR>-\\"Wolverine/Deathstrike Fight Rehearsal\\" In-Depth, Behind-the Scenes Exploration<BR>-\\"The Second Uncanny Issue of X-Men\\" The Ultimate Making-Of Documentary<BR>-Extraordinary X2 Featurettes:<BR>*\\"The Secret Origin of X-Men\\" A Complete Anthology<BR>*\\"Nightcrawler Reborn\\" The Adventure Before X2<BR>*\\"Introducing the Incredible Nightcrawler\\" Character Study & More<BR>-11 Deleted/Extended Scenes<BR>-Still Galleries<BR>-Theatrical Trailers
B000002HFU|4.0|ODB HAS ENTERTAINED US ON EVERY LEVEL, THIS CD IS TIGHT AS HELL IT HAS SOME TIGHT RZA PRODUCTION, DIRTY PUTS HIS ALL INTO THIS ONE. WHEN I TELL PEOPLE I LIKE ODB THEY LOOK AT ME LIKE IM CRAZY OR SOMETHING, BUT I DONT CARE ODB ISNT A GREAT RAPPER BUT ITS HIS CRAZY STYLE THAT MAKE HIM SO GREAT CAUSE NO ONE CAN BITE HIS STYLE AND MOST OF THE SONGS HE MAKES HES DRUNK AS HELL. KEEP ON DOING YO THING ODB.
B0001906O0|4.0|If you are a major fan you probably have all these B sides anyway. I had most of them on tape so it is nice to have them on CD. If you are looking for the poppy radio friendly Cure songs, this is not the box set for you. A large number of these songs might be too &quot;weird&quot; for you to enjoy. I think this box set should have added the &quot;Cult Hero&quot; songs.
B00003Q438|5.0|&quot;The Abyss&quot; is one of the most intriguing Sci-Fi/action movies to have ever been made.  From the very beginning of this exceptional movie to the end, for the first time viewer or for those that have watched it many times, it is a highly inventive and an ultimately captivating movie.  Although there have been many movies made about events under the surface of the ocean, few can match up to the intensity that &quot;The Abyss&quot; is laden with.<br />One of the more intriguing aspects about the edition of &quot;The Abyss&quot; that I'm reviewing today or any other version that contains both the original theatrical release and the Special Edition with twenty eight minutes of additional footage is how the whole tone of the conclusion of the film changes between the two.  This is not something that I wish to go in to in great detail; suffice it to say that the Special Edition gives a whole new meaning to this classic movie.<br />From Ed Harris to Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio to Michael Biehn and all of the other marvelous actors that performed in this film, they all deserve high praise for their collective efforts in creating this Science Fiction classic.  It isn't too often that Ed Harris or Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio gets the lead roles in films but in the case of &quot;The Abyss,&quot; they both proved that they were quite ready for such roles.<br />In 1984 first time director, James Cameron gave millions of movies fans just the first taste of his directing talents when he burst on the scene with &quot;The Terminator&quot; which started a run of extraordinarily successful movies culminating in &quot;Titanic&quot; which is one of the highest grossing films of all times.  &quot;The Abyss&quot; was the third in this run of incredible movies and arguably the most intriguing of them all as the script, while being science fiction and adventure is &quot;that much more&quot; inventive than the rest of those films.  In addition to James Cameron's exceptional talentson this film, the musical score by Alan Silvestri makes &quot;The Abyss&quot; that much better, greatly enhancing every scene!<br />The Premise:<br />Welcome to what appears to be the mid eighties or early nineties and we have an American nuclear submarine that is patrolling an abysmal trench in the Atlantic.  Their tracking something that is going faster than anything they've ever seen before and suddenly they lose all power as the &quot;thing&quot; goes by; a minute or so later, all power is restored but it's too late, they slam right into the abysmal wall and the ship goes down, fortunately for them, they get a beacon off before the bridge is consumed by water...  Some twenty odd miles away is a deep sea oil rig operation with a control ship on the surface and an underwater station at about fifteen hundred feet below the surface.  The US Navy comes in and wishes to send a SEAL team down and use the station and the crew to find the sub...<br />What follows from there is one of the most intriguing, captivating and enthralling Science Fiction films ever made that only gets better every time you see it and if you've never watched it before, you will most certainly be blown away by what director James Cameron created in this film!<br />I highly recommend this film to any and all who are fans of Science Fiction or fans of very good dramatic films with a &quot;splash&quot; of Sci-Fi in them.  {ssintrepid}<br />Special Features:<br />-Theatrical Version<BR>-Special Edition with 28 minutes of additional footage.<BR>-Audio Commentary for both versions.<BR>-Collector's edition 12 page booklet.<BR>-Bio's for all of the actors, director and several others.<BR>-DVD-ROM content.<BR>-60-minute documentary - &quot;Under Pressure:  Making the Abyss.&quot;<BR>-James Cameron's complete screenplay.<BR>-Multi-angles of pseudopod sequence.<BR>-3 DVD-ROM games.<BR>-Extensive storyboards and original concept art and more!
B0000019PA|2.0|How did this guy get an album? Perhaps he created it since it sounds like it was made in a trash can. The vocals are horrible and every other word in the thesaurus for horrible. Maybe someone in india would like it. So send all copies of this cd on an aeroplane over the sea...
0452282152|3.0|Although I enjoyed the story and characters quite a bit, there seemed to be something missing in this piece by Tracy Chevalier. It often seems that Chevalier is trying to convince the reader of Griet's innocence and naivety while it does not naturally exist in the character herself. It seems in some chapters that Griet is a chaste and innocent Protestant girl, while in other chapters Griet has no regard for the marriage of her master and mistress and wishes to commit the sin of adultery. This would normally make for a complex and thoroughly dynamic character but in this case, it is barely pulled off. Overall I thought the book was a nice, weekend read that did not live up to my literary expectations.
B0000DC13U|1.0|Poorly edited scenes of the band, with interjections of absurd sociological clips, accompanied with poorly recorded readings of pulp fiction.
B00005JMCW|3.0|Freaky Friday was a sort of freaky movie, hence the title. I mean, it was about a teenage spoiled brat girl who constantly argued with her mom when she didn't get her way, so when they were argueing in a chinese resturant, they got magic forturne cookies that changed them into each other until they had self-less love for each other. Isn't that sweet. It is a Disney movie, remember that, but it really wasn't as bad as the plot makes it sound. When I went to see it I figured I could at least make fun of it if it was really bad, but I couldn't really do that because it wasn't as bad as I expected. There weren't any big special effects or anything like that, but it was fun. I wouldn't reccomend you run out and see it just because, but if you have nothing better to do, it can't really hurt, but make sure you've already seen Pirates of the Caribbean if you want to see a Disney movie.
B0000CABBW|5.0|I watched the movie on a plane. I happened to have read about the film on some Internet newspapers, which was fortunate, as I would have picked &quot;Pirates of Caribbean&quot; if I had not known anything about this film.  <br />I was practically blown away by Keisha Castle-Hughes' performance. I was mesmerized by the Maori backdrop and the tale of the whale rider. I was moved to tears when I watched Castle-Hughes dedicate her tribal dances to her stubborn grandfather. I held my breath when I awaited to know her fate as she became associated with the &quot;whale rider&quot;. The main theme for the first two-third of the movie is about the suffering of Castle-Hughes' character because of the rejection by her grandfather, who, although in fact loved her a lot, just could not contemplate a female should become a leader as he was so stuck with traditions, and her determination to prove herself again and again. She wanted to prove that she could do as well as (maybe even better than) other body, but she never did it in an aggressive or assertive way. I think this is a major difference between this movie and some other &quot;teenager strive for success&quot; movies. It shows the inner strength of Castle-Hughes' character, which will be an important asset if she ever becomes the tribe's leader. <br />The movie also provides a realistic picture of how the life of the Maori is like in modern-day New Zeland when they choose to stay together as a tribe community. Their life is simple, and material comfort is never rich but not primitive. And children go to schools in town.  <br />Keisha Castle-Hughes carried the movie from start to finish, and left an unforgettable impression to the viewers. The grandfather and grandmother characters also gave terrific performance. <br />I ended up watching the film twice as it was replayed again on the plane. I never regretted missing &quot;Pirates of Caribbean&quot; -- I later watched &quot;Pirates&quot; in a full-fledged home theater environment but even so, I still judge &quot;Whale Rider&quot; to be a far more memorable film in 2003. Yes, &quot;Pirates&quot; got multiple Oscar nominations including best film, but I truly believe Keisha Castle-Hughes deserves her BEST LEADING ACTRESS OSCAR nomination, and the youngest nominee to boast (just 13, can you believe it?!!) <br />I bought this DVD and plan to watch it many times in future. I sincerely recommend you to do the same.
B0000C1733|5.0|just go buy Mothers Milk instead.  unless you want a bad mix of songs that you already know.<br />I still gave it 5 stars though.  I mean, its the chili peppers.
B000003CMB|5.0|From the brilliant opening slide guitar on Statesboro Blues to the fade out of Whipping Post, Live at the Fillmore East has something for every musical taste. The Allman Brothers segue through blues, jazz, country; from soft and sober to fiery and instense. The duelling guitars of Duane Allman and Dickey Betts sound better with each listening. The bass playing of Berry Oakley is perfectly matched to pounding rythyms of Jai Johanny Johanson and Butch Trucks. And Greg Allman's soulful vocals and keyboards rounds out the best improvisational unit ever recorded live. The album is worth owning for the rendition of In Memory of Elizabeth Reed alone; the cresendo of Duane Allman's guitar licks, the sheer passion and urgency coming off of the strings of his Les Paul beg turning up the volume to 11.
B00005K3O4|5.0|If you only see one B film in your entire life, this should be it! This horribly entertaining production is loved by true fans of the genre everywhere. <br />I have fond childhood memories of the Killer Klowns. I can only hope that Hollywood will one day wake up and realize that we need a sequel. <br />Enough negotiations... Hit up Donald Trumph and force him to finance this bad boy already!
B00006879E|5.0|Maroon 5's debut album is one of, if not THE best album of last year. The first time I heard the song &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot;, I knew I had to check out this album. Ever since, I haven't regretted it once, and they've become one of my favorite bands of all time. Their fusion of funk, jazz, soul, and rock is done better than any I've ever heard before. Adam Levine's vocals are extremely good, and his lyrics dealing with his major break-up with his girlfriend really get to you. In fact, every member of the band is very skilled at what they do, and I especially like the guitar work on the album. Anybody who likes Stevie Wonder, Jamiroquai, Justin Timberlake, Thicke, and any similar artists will definitely enjoy this album. It's a must-buy, and you won't regret it.
B000068PQ0|5.0|Well, now I finally know what I've been missing.  The Flaming Lips have always been a recognizable name for me, but I didn't actually experience any of their music until I heard &quot;Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots pt. 1&quot; on a jukebox at my favorite diner.  Based on that song alone, I purchased one of the most underrated cds I've come across.<br />The album makes good use of acoustic guitar bangles and pop rock styles laced with enough electronic/mechanical sounds to give the album this psychodelic feel.  It really makes you feel like you're riding along in the Mystery Machine and have a severe case of the munchies.  The title track is the most radio friendly, a ballad to the young Japanese heroine fighting evil pink robots, with fun happy guitar chords and chimes in the background.  You can't help but end up singing along, no matter where you are!<br />I not sure I would call this a concept album, although The Flaming Lips certainly play up the a sci-fi theme in most of their lyrics.  Every song is catchy, original and isn't too experimental so the songs flow together.<br />I would recommend this album to anyone who appreciates light fun poppy music without the image hype of the sheep featured on MTV.  This cd is certainly a keeper!
0385504209|5.0|A thriller beautifully entwined with murder, religion, love, politics, mystery, and history. In Dan Brown's&iexcl;The Da Vinci Code,&iexcl;there are endless surprises and exciting twists with the turn of each page. The storyline keeps the readers glued to this unpredictable bestseller.<br />The adventure begins with the brutal murder of Monsieur Sauniere, the curator of the Louvre. With his last breath, he had positioned himself in a pose that imitate da Vinci&iexcl;s sketch of the &iexcl;Vitruvian Man\\" and was found in front of the renowned painting of the &iexcl;Mona Lisa.&iexcl; Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is entangled in the mess with Sophie Neveu, a talented French cryptologist. Together, the pair find several baffling codes and hidden messages at the murder scene which direct Robert and Sophie into the search for the Holy Grail, where the proof of Jesus Christ&iexcl;s bloodline can be found. The couple then delves into the veiled mysteries of two millennium-old secret societies - the Priory of Sion, whose members included Botticelli, Newton and even Leonardo da Vinci - and Opus Dei, a religious Catholic society. Both societies have their special reasons for not wanting the breathtaking historical secrets of the Holy Grail of Jesus to be discovered. Unless Langdon and Neveu can decipher the codes in the art of da Vinci, the powerful truth might be lost forever.<br />What made the book more exhilarating is its&iexcl;fact&iexcl;page. It states that the Priory of Sion is a real organization founded in 1099 and the Opus Dei was a controversial society that practices&iexcl;brainwashing, coercion, and a dangerous practice known as&iexcl;corporal mortification'&iexcl;and they had just constructed a $43 million national headquarter in New York City.<br />In conclusion, the story is layered with suspense and careful planning by the author. Every chapter seems like a piece of a puzzle and through Dan Brown's cleverness, all pieces fit perfectly.
B000001Y2U|5.0|vraiment j'ai ador ce disque c vraiment le meilleur et il vaut la peine d'etre achet, surtout pour sa pochette et tout ces signes qui donne un rsultat incroyable...si tu c ce que sa signifie !
B00008PX8P|5.0|I was there and my mind is still blown!!!<BR>&quot;Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know,<BR>The piper's calling you to join him...&quot;
B000056NX4|5.0|I had heard of Jesus Christ Superstar before from, of all people, an eight-year-old who was an avid fan, but the very title was enough to throw me off. Then, my sister's high school made the very gutsy decision to use it as their spring all-school musical. Her enthusiasm for it caught my interest. I listened to the London Concept soundtrack and loved it, then watched both this movie and the 1973 version. There is absolutely no comparison.<br />As Jesus, Ted Neely (sp?) always seemed to be sleepy or something, except for his breaking up the marketplace in the temple. But Glenn Carter - wow. Not only can he express the torment of a man who knows that he was only born to die (&quot;To conquer death, you only have to die&quot;...who can forget that??), that his very best friends will deny and betray him, and that he might never get recognition for what he is about to do; he can also display such radiant joy that it is impossible not to smile with him. In the &quot;Hosanna&quot; scene, that gorgeous smile of his just shines with heavenly light - until the Israelites suggest that he die for them. His voice is lovely, but the true shining light in this production is Jerome Pradon's Judas Iscariot.<br />Usually portrayed as a villain, Pradon's Judas is disillusioned, irritated with Jesus for not doing something about his followers' misguided ideas, and torn between civic duty and love for his best friend. Some have described his voice as not up to snuff, but Judas is arguably one of the most complex characters in the history of theater. Consumed by confusion, anger, helplessness, and guilt, whose voice could NOT crack? The Last Supper and the Betrayal always leave me in tears: Judas' last desperate attempt to understand Jesus, his agonized betrayal of him and Jesus' subsequent forgiveness, followed by his realization that he has been tricked into murdering his best friend by a silent God, and his final grasp at control over his own life by hanging himself.<br />More pluses:Renee Castle's Mary Magdalene is heart-wrenching as she comes to grips with the fact that she loves a man who will never love her back - moreover, that she doesn't want him to. Simon Zealotes, as a gun-toting militant, represents the many people who thought that Jesus had come to Earth to fight a war against the Romans. Pilate is magnificent, if a little over-acted - a man who does not know what to make of Jesus, who seems so small and helpless, but possesses an inner strength and power that frightens Pilate, who was, everyone must remember, an unwilling accomplice in Jesus' death. Rik Mayall's Herod is hilarious, but something in his facial expression sends chills up one's spine - he may be loopy, but he's nobody to mess with. Finally, although I know Annas is not a comedic character, his voice kills me every time. The perfect weasel-y villain next to Caiaphas' almost too deep bass!<br />Some common complaints by Christians: First, that Jesus is portrayed as too human. I beg everyone to remember that Jesus was human, and that the night of his arrest he prayed so earnestly for God to save his life that he began to sweat blood. Second, that everything is not portrayed as it is in the Bible. If this worries you, please remember that the Gospel was written by other disciples, and even by people who never knew Jesus personally. The point of the play is to see events through Judas' eyes. As we can never know Judas' feelings and thoughts, this is only someone's attempt to understand how the events of the Gospel may have appeared to him. Third, that the Resurrection portrayed in the Bible is not part of the film. Again, remember that this is Judas' story. Judas did not know that Jesus would rise again. All he knew was that Jesus would die, and that is what the movie portrays.<br />Now for my few complaints. The actor who plays Caiaphas tries so hard to sing contrabass that often he misses notes and rhythms. Jesus' destruction of the marketplace was not as good as it couldhave been, what with all the TVs everywhere: the one element in which I prefer the 1973 version. Judas' suicide is rather too long drawn out, and almost loses its importance. But these are minor problems. All in all, I would give this movie six stars, but five is as high as they'll let me go!
B0000DBJDM|3.0|The music is great - I love the set list and their renditions.  However, this director's cut is not your typical &quot;director's cut.&quot;  Typically a director's cut implies that there is more film footage, and that is true here with the extended interviews.  However, a lot of the original footage is deleted and replaced by cheesy (to me) computer animation.  And although the film as originally released is available on the DVD as an option, you can't watch it with the added interviews.  So that's why I've given it 3 stars - the movie's fluidity is lost with all these abrasive cuts to modern computer animation.  The coolest part of this movie, the slow pan toward the band in the amphitheater at the beginning, is completely lost by these edits.
B00007LL7O|2.0|After I became comatose from spending way too much of my 40 years listening to the same old stardard metal/rock fare (i.e. Zep, Sabbath, Rush, Maiden, Megadeth blah, blah, etc.) I took a chance and bought some of what they call symphonic, progressive metal (i.e. Symphiony-X, Cradle of Filth, Dimmu Borgier, Nightwish, Tristania) with some mixed but overall positive results. I got that feeling again when your head tingles and the hair on your neck stands at attention by listening to stunning heavy metal tracks (or parts of tracks). In my endless (and mostly fruitless) search to be sonically blown away by great music I rolled the dice bought some &quot;Symphonic Power Metal&quot; CDs including Elements which was the last straw for me.  My first was Blind Guardian NIME which is very good even though I'm not a big fan of faires, elves, white knights and dragon crap lyrics. Based on glowing reviews, I then bought Stratovarious and some other lame &quot;power metal&quot; discs (Karma, Gamma Ray) after reading how great their &quot;metal&quot; was and what great musicians they are. I then slid Elements into the machine and waited impatiently for great slabs of metal to be served. Too my complete shock and horror my ears were assaulted by what can only be discribed as 1 part Iron Maiden lite with all heaviness stripped away mixed with 100 parts gooey Styx-like emotional whining and 1000 parts Stryper gayness. Through track after track I waited for a cool part..a neat sound, anything no matter how short in duration.  I remember thinking &quot;at least the cool titled Stratofortress is coming up-that's just got to be good&quot;.  Again my hopes where demolished when all I heard was the lead playing practice scales. Now I realize these guys can play but metal is supposed to be more than incessent 32nd note blast beats and guitars played at 100 mph. Creativeiy is more than a few limp twangs on a acoustical and a cry baby singer. Where's the orginality? Where's the power? Where'sthe heavy metal? I'll tell you what, It ain't with these guys or other (but not all) &quot;Power Metal&quot; bands. Strato-Kamlot type groups should be called &quot;very fast but boring metal with very slow uncatchy limp ballads metal&quot;. Unless your in grade school skip Elements.
0452282152|5.0|This book was eloquently written; one of the best books I've read in awhile.
B00008PW2D|4.0|I LOVE SATC as much as....many more than the next guy. But dang, why does 8 episodes on 2 disks have to be so frikin epxpensive?!!! I'm a college student and i can't afford it...otherwise i would have pre-ordered it a long time ago. <br />Besides the price, I enjoyed season 5 even tho it was man short.
0064407667|5.0|Lemony Snicket is a fantastic author.  In his book, The Bad Beginning, he introduces a handful of suspicious, creepy, curious, intelligent, and ultimately, heart-warming characters.  Both Violet and Klaus, the two older Baudelaire orphans are good role-models for little Sunny, their baby sister.  Despite their parents dying, the children are still doing well - that is of course until they meet Count Olaf, an evil relative who is not only rude and conniving, but he is also trying to steal the Baudelaire fortune (the money that the orphans will inherit from their deceased parents).<br />People should read whatever they want, but this is an extraordinary book, and I highly recommend it.  Books like this are mysterious and wondrous.  At the end of each chapter it will keep you wondering what happened next!  For instance, at the end of chapter eight, when Klaus and Violet are looking for Sunny, Count Olaf appears in the doorway to their room and smirks menacingly.  Then the chapter ends, leaving the reader wondering what will happen next.<br />Everybody can like this book, especially if they like mystery and suspense and little kids getting tortured (but I hope no one likes little kids getting tortured!)  Stuff like that is why I like this book.  This book is good for all ages, but I would highly recommend it for ages 11 and up.
B0000DJZ7W|5.0|I'm sure most Americans will ignore this CD just because it's sung in French. It's their loss, I tell you, since this is where Celine is more authentic. Without the pressure of having to sell a gazillion CDs in the American market, she takes a detour from her mainstream career, and it's a very good thing. This Celine doesn't feel she has to be singing high notes all the time, and experiments with more country/folk songs. Even let the 4 guys (&quot;4 types&quot;) of the CD title sing with her! Brava, Celine! If you enjoy this title, go back and also buy her previous French-language release, the beautiful &quot;S'il suffisait d'aimer.&quot;
0156027321|5.0|Yann Martel creates a wonderful and memorable novel in a thought provoking and interesting manner in Life of Pi. Readers of Life of Pi will begin their own journey of life discovery and self-questioning, while following the characters' journeys at the same time, through reading Life of Pi.<BR> The readers' journey begins with an introduction to the main character, Piscine Molitor Patel, and Piscine's story develops throughout the rest of Life of Pi. One of the most interesting developments in Life of Pi occurs through the growth and construction of Piscine's nickname, Pi. Pi is only a young boy when he steps into the world of strength and independence through demanding that he be called Pi. As he explains, he wants to be called, \\"Pi Patel. For good measure I added p=3.14\\" (23). The development of Pi's name is crucial to understanding the power and creativity of his character.<BR> Martel further develops Pi's character through the introduction of religion into Pi's life. Pi continues to demand independence and individuality contrary to his parents' wishes. Pi is a combination of Christian, Muslim, and Hindu. Many people challenge Pi's decision to enter a unique path of spiritual development. As Pi says after religious leaders challenge his decision, \\"I just want to love God.\\" (69) Many young men of sixteen would not be able to demand that they will worship in their own ways. It is very inspirational to think that a young man could be at ease with himself and know himself well enough to step into a distinctive world of religious practices.<BR> Pi's journey continues as he travels with his family across the Pacific Ocean. His family is very important to the development of Pi's character because they that root Pi's expedition of self-realization. Pi's father is a zoo owner and he helps to teach Pi to respect but still fear the animals that they live with. Pi realizes the importance of his father's lessons about respecting animals after the family's boat sinks and he becomes stranded on a lifeboat after his family's ship sinks as they are crossing the Pacific Ocean. Pi is not marooned alone on this lifeboat, but his adventures continue when he realizes that he has animal companions. <BR> Not only are the human characters in Life of Pi developed in great detail, but Martel also creates animal characters that are equal in the amount of detail. The most developed of all the animal is the Bengal tiger that Pi shares the lifeboat with for 227 days. The tiger has a very human name, Richard Parker, and possesses an aura of strength and mystery. Richard Parker serves as a source of strength for Pi because he has something to live for. Pi says that, \\"It was Richard Parker who calmed me down.\\" (162) Animals only add to the sense of mystery that encompasses Life of Pi.<BR> Intimate connections are made with the characters and I can almost feel myself rooting on Pi and Richard Parker in their journeys across the ocean. Pi becomes more than a fictional character, he becomes a friend. You share with his joys and despair with his tragedies. As Pi says, \\"I was stiff, sore and exhausted, barely grateful to be alive still.\\" (159) Pi's aches and tortures are felt because the readers have sympathy for his character. <BR> Martel has created a real winner in Life of Pi. A fictional world becomes reality in the reader's imagination because of Martel's very detailed descriptions of all of the characters. The settings are created in grave detail and it is as if one can see Pi's world <BR>through our own eyes. Detailed descriptions allow the readers to understand the despair and desolation of Pi's surroundings, thus revealing more about his character. Martel's language is not too complex even though it is so detailed. Dialogue, descriptions, and little glimpses of Pi's future life are all intertwined in Life of Pi and add to the enjoyment of the story. <BR> Martel begins Life of Pi with Pi's questioning of his name and religion and it ends with the readersquestioning the truth of this amazing novel. Martel creates a twist at the end of Life of Pi that left me questioning reality, truth, and humanity. The twist adds controversy to the novel because I felt as if I was left hanging and I had no closure to Life of Pi. Some readers may find the twist frustrating, but many find that it adds mystery to the story. Life of Pi explores heavy issues, such as religion and humanity, in a very non-confrontational manner that allows the readers to formulate their own opinions on these issues. Martel does not present this information in a way that would cause the readers to feel that they have to validate their own personal beliefs against a fictional character's. <BR> Martel creates another world in this novel that the readers will find themselves enchanted and captured with. Because of the light format and language used in this novel, anyone could find Life of Pi both very enjoyable and easy to read. Life of Pi is a true page turner; I found myself reading page after page and not realizing how much time I had spent reading. Life of Pi is a wonderful novel to read in a book group because it sparks debate and questioning of issues and oneself. Any group, class, or individual will come  away from Life of Pi with a questioning and intrigued opinion of this book. <BR> Martel deserves only praise for his intricate and wonderful novel that intertwines a young boy's journeys with those of the readers. Kudos to Martel for creating a world of fantasy that becomes a reality in the reader's imagination. I would rate this book a strong <BR>\\"A\\" and say that it has little room for improvement. I would recommend that all people jump into the journey with Pi, his family, and the animals and enter into your own pilgrimage of revelation. Enjoy Life of Pi and all of its wonders
B00003CX9W|5.0|I've written past reviews of Disney movies, and I may have mentioned that Disney has a tendency to dumb things down, but after seeing this movie, I can safely say that that has only become true in recent years. There is more nudity in this film than there was in Peter Pan by close to 10 times. More, in fact, than in any non-anime movie I've seen thusfar. By today's standards, that might be indicative of a film one shouldn't put in the &quot;Kid's&quot; section of your video rental store, but then, they did things differently back when Walt was alive. First off, I don't think Walt was aiming &quot;Fantasia&quot; at kids. I think that aside from the Mickey Mouse sketch, most kids would find the movie to be largely boring. However, I think that even if a kid were to sit through this movie, they would be in no way scarred. Although this movie contains images of nudity, violence, death, demons, magic, love, and many other things normally reserved for adults, the aformentioned material is never the subject of the piece. It's used in the same way all the visual material in Fantasia is used, to help convey the mood of the music. I think this gives me a beautiful insight into the mind of Walt Disney. He saw nothing wrong with approaching such concepts, even for kids, but he knew how to approach them tastefully.<BR>And really, that's why I gave this grade the perfect score. Fantasia is quite tasteful. You may wish to deny this. I urge you to try. But Fantasia will beat you at every turn. No one can deny the tastefulness of such segments as &quot;The Nutcracker Suite&quot; despite the rampant nude fairies, because it gives us a look into a world of wonder. Same with the mythical setting Walt gave to Beethoven's sixth, and possibly the most contraversial of the segments; &quot;Night on Bald Mountain&quot; cannot be denied to be tasteful when looked at as what it is; a depiction of evil spirits, and how they are driven back. Eventually, I totally forgot to worry about the nakedcentaurettes and the flaming skulls and focused on how it made me feel, and I think that's what this movie was meant to do. If it can do it for me, you can find something of yourself in this movie as well. I think that's more than enough to earn it the grade I gave it.<BR>If you're still worried about the damage it might do to your kid's psyche, watch it first, then if you find it tasteful (you will) show it to your kid. That's the wonderful thing about young children. If they focus on the images of some of the segments, they may see it just as Walt saw it. Worlds of mystery and wonder, waiting to be discovered.<BR>This film is not perfect, but only because it's so old. Again, large parts of it hinge on personal taste, but it won't kill you to watch it at least once. And maybe, just maybe, while in the presence of Dinosaurs, Zeus, Mickey Mouse and Chernabog, you'll learn a little something about yourself. I know I did.
B00008EYA5|5.0|S.W.A.T. is a throwback to all those cop movies from the 70s and 80s when cops did all they could to stop the bad guys, if it meant bending the rules, they did it. The good guys from S.W.A.T. stopped the bad guys in the most over-the-top way possible. That's a good thing!    Since gritty realism is now the common feature of modern cop movies, it is refreshing to see a cop movie go back to basics to show comicbook heroes and heroines as well as over the top villians.    S.W.A.T. features the hokiest villian since Bennett from that great Schwarzenegger flick \\"Commando\\".    The DVD features some what should be standard commentaries and deleted scenes, as well as a \\"making of\\" featurette which is nothing more than a back slapping exercise from those involved.    That said the DVD is worth getting as the film transfer is crisp and clear and the soundtrack sensational.    Now if they could only make the gun fire sound like real gun fire....
B00003CY6M|5.0|Fantastic. Kate Beckinsale and John Cusack have fantastic chemistry although it was technically for a short period. Light-hearted romantic comedy with superb supporting cast from Jeremy Priven and Molly Shannon. This is one of those movies that flow so quickly you can't believe it's over. It's clearly one of my all-time favorites now. I believe that things do happen for a reason although we still have a level of control. The movie really inspires. Kate Beckinsale is wonderful to watch. Her facial expressions and subtle behavior during the scenes were phenomenal. I look forward to her other films. She has won a fan for life.<br />One side comment with respect to Greg Hammond's review about lacking content. There is a snowflake that can be selected on the DVD to reveal another screen which contains the additional material he thought was lacking. Ironically, I found it serendipitiously! It's not a clear selection on the DVD but it's there! What a pleasant surprise! Great stuff
B0000CFW87|5.0|This is his best effort yet. With the major success of his last album his name was all over the place. Even with this album bordering pop lines, it is a wonderful effort and I find that I love it more than his first cd.
B0000AM6K2|4.0|Nebraska's loss was Music City's gain. Celebrating the year of his birth, this record highlights Rouse's penchant for melody and his skill in creating a retro vibe. As someone who doesn't care for the typical singer/songwriter genre, I find Rouse's sound to be much bigger than one guy. Standout tracks: &quot;1972&quot;, &quot;Love Vibration&quot;, &quot;James&quot;, &quot;Come Back (Light Therapy)&quot;.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|I think Iron Maiden has shown that they still can rock with the best and grow in their music. This is one of the best of their albums. Seeing them live at the Hammerestein Ballroom with my 17 year old son was great, sharing my heavy metal music with him was priceless!
B0000C7GG2|5.0|Dubbed &quot;prog&quot;, and for years dismissed by some as Radiohead imitators, Yes and Emerson Lake and Palmer never sounded quite like this. Matt Bellamy and company take baroque-styled scales and inject them with blasts of mutant guitar fuzz. There are several quiet ballads throughout to allow the listener enough time to recover for the next sonic assault. This is a band that is now at the very top of their game. Standout tracks: &quot;Time Is Running Out&quot;, &quot;Stockholm Syndrome&quot;, &quot;Hysteria&quot;, &quot;Blackout&quot;
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I loved Firefly when it first came out on TV!  I'm so glad that they produced the DVDs!  I love how detailed the characterizations are.  The sets are also wonderful and the special effects are awesome, especially for a TV series.  Great show!  I hope that they actually come out with the movie they are negotiating!  :)
B00003CXA2|1.0|Well, I suppose that I will be going against a WALL of disagreement here, but I feel that &quot;FORREST GUMP&quot; is one of the most overrated movies I have seen in years. The story is empowering to some, I'm sure. To me, it's embarrassing.<br />The concept is as trite as the worst of television show scripts. To concoct the &quot;Best Picture&quot; of 1994, the writers/studio simply took most of the pertinent social issues of the 1950's through the 1980's and exploited them; fashioning yet another heart-warming, &quot;feel good&quot; movie for the masses. The turn of events here is as predictable as any soap opera.<br />The much-ballyhooed special effects sequences, whereby our affable, developmentally-disabled hero is seen meeting JFK and LBJ were cute. However, I could have done without the vulgarity of the &quot;scene&quot; with Lyndon Baines. To put it simply, such Hollywood wizardry fails to impress this viewer. By the time this film was done, cimematic special effects had reached a point where anything could be created on film. When hearing how majestic this -or some other- film is (because of it's computer generated effects), I say now what I said back in 1994......SO WHAT? <br />Tom Hanks, who plays the lead in &quot;FORREST GUMP&quot;, has become one of the premier male actors of the New Millennium. His work in films such as &quot;APOLLO 13&quot;, &quot;PHILADELPHIA&quot;, &quot;CAST AWAY&quot; and &quot;ROAD TO PERDITION&quot; has gained him his rightful place among the top male actors in Tinseltown. Fortunately, these films were something more than gushy, &quot;feel good&quot; flicks, such as &quot;FORREST GUMP&quot;.
0486424510|4.0|T.S. Eliot was not exaggerating when he dubbed Collins' masterpiece &quot;the first, the longest, and the best of modern English detective novels&quot;. The Moonstone, first published in 1868, is the magnum opus of suspense and intrigue that will surely please the avid mystery and/or classics buff.<br />The adventure begins when the priceless yellow diamond from India, known as the 'Moonstone', is brought to English as spoils of war and is bestowed upon the spirited Rachel Verrinder on her 18th birthday. Chaos soon commences. The valuable jewel is stolen that very night and the entire household falls under suspicion - including a hunchbacked maid, an assemblage of enigmatic Indian jugglers, and Miss Verrinder's cousin Mr. Franklin Blake. Suspicion of thievery does not even escape Miss Verrinder herself. The famed Sergeant Cuff is summoned to the house to try and make sense of the baffling mystery of the diamond's disappearance and the strange events that ensue.<br />The Moonstone is comprised of three novelettes and a handful of sub-sections, each narrated by three individuals (and a handful of other characters writing shorter supporting memoirs), with their own whimsical writing styles and detailed anecdotes about their adventures surrounding the jewel's disappearance and the aftermath. Their varying perspectives on incidents throw interesting light on the events unraveling around the reader. Introducing the novel is the household's elderly and garrulous manservant, Mr. Gabriel Betteredge, with his witty maxims and proverbial quotes from his personal bible, \\"Robinson Crusoe\\". The pious and almost-fanatical Miss Clack's cold recital of events, is followed soon after by Mr. Franklin Blake's narrative of events, and the mystery's final and most ingenious outcome. It will not disappoint.<br />I leave you with a bit of insight bestowed upon us by the lovable and amusing Mr. Betteredge:<br />&quot;When my spirits are bad -- Robinson Crusoe. When I want advice -- Robinson Crusoe. In past times when my wife plagued me; in present times when I have had a drop too much -- Robinson Crusoe. I have worn out six stout Robinson Crusoes with hard work in my service. On my lady's last birthday she gave me a seventh. I took a drop too much on the strength of it; and Robinson Crusoe put me right again. Price four shillings and sixpence, bound in blue, with a picture into the bargain. Still, this don't look much like starting the story of the Diamond -- does it? I seem to be wandering off in search of Lord knows what, Lord knows where. We will take a new sheet of paper, if you please, and begin over again, with my best respects to you.&quot;nson Crusoe. In past times when my wife plagued me; in present times when I have had a drop too much -- Robinson Crusoe. I have worn out six stout Robinson Crusoes with hard work in my service. On my lady's last birthday she gave me a seventh. I took a drop too much on the strength of it; and Robinson Crusoe put me right again. Price four shillings and sixpence, bound in blue, with a picture into the bargain. Still, this don't look much like starting the story of the Diamond -- does it? I seem to be wandering off in search of Lord knows what, Lord knows where. We will take a new sheet of paper, if you please, and begin over again, with my best respects to you.&quot;
B0000DD7LC|5.0|This is my first Alicia Keys CD and I have to say she hit a home run on this one. This CD is extremely soulful which I LOVE and I appreciate her freshness and I love her sound...she's very talented.  There is a nice vibe about this CD that makes you just want to groove to it.  I saw Alicia on an interview and I just love her attitude.  She had some great things to say about life in general and I love how she carries herslf as a mature young lady...she's so young with on old soul.  Alicia is a TRUE R&amp;B artist and I look forward to hearing more great music from this soulful lady in the future.
0192833383|5.0|T.S. Eliot was not exaggerating when he dubbed Collins' masterpiece \\"the first, the longest, and the best of modern English detective novels\\". The Moonstone, first published in 1868, is the magnum opus of suspense and intrigue that will surely please the avid mystery and/or classics buff.<br />The adventure begins when the priceless yellow diamond from India, known as the 'Moonstone', is brought to English as spoils of war and is bestowed upon the spirited Rachel Verrinder on her 18th birthday. Chaos soon commences. The valuable jewel is stolen that very night and the entire household falls under suspicion - including a hunchbacked maid, an assemblage of enigmatic Indian jugglers, and Miss Verrinder's cousin Mr. Franklin Blake. Suspicion of thievery does not even escape Miss Verrinder herself. The famed Sergeant Cuff is summoned to the house to try and make sense of the baffling mystery of the diamond's disappearance and the strange events that ensue.<br />The Moonstone is comprised of three novelettes and a handful of sub-sections, each narrated by three individuals (and a handful of other characters writing shorter supporting memoirs), with their own whimsical writing styles and detailed anecdotes about their adventures surrounding the jewel's disappearance and the aftermath. Their varying perspectives on incidents throw interesting light on the events unraveling around the reader. Introducing the novel is the household's elderly and garrulous manservant, Mr. Gabriel Betteredge, with his witty maxims and proverbial quotes from his personal bible, \\"Robinson Crusoe\\". The pious and almost-fanatical Miss Clack's cold recital of events, is followed soon after by Mr. Franklin Blake's narrative of events, and the mystery's final and most ingenious outcome. It will not disappoint.<br />I leave you with a bit of insight bestowed upon us by the lovable and amusing Mr. Betteredge:<br />\\"When my spirits are bad -- Robinson Crusoe. When I want advice -- Robinson Crusoe. In past times when my wife plagued me; in present times when I have had a drop too much -- Robinson Crusoe. I have worn out six stout Robinson Crusoes with hard work in my service. On my lady's last birthday she gave me a seventh. I took a drop too much on the strength of it; and Robinson Crusoe put me right again. Price four shillings and sixpence, bound in blue, with a picture into the bargain. Still, this don't look much like starting the story of the Diamond -- does it? I seem to be wandering off in search of Lord knows what, Lord knows where. We will take a new sheet of paper, if you please, and begin over again, with my best respects to you.\\"past times when my wife plagued me; in present times when I have had a drop too much -- Robinson Crusoe. I have worn out six stout Robinson Crusoes with hard work in my service. On my lady's last birthday she gave me a seventh. I took a drop too much on the strength of it; and Robinson Crusoe put me right again. Price four shillings and sixpence, bound in blue, with a picture into the bargain. Still, this don't look much like starting the story of the Diamond -- does it? I seem to be wandering off in search of Lord knows what, Lord knows where. We will take a new sheet of paper, if you please, and begin over again, with my best respects to you.\\"
B00000JQFM|5.0|How come those dinosaurs did not give this guy a grammy? What do a bunch of old cranks know about entertainment? This album is exceptional and Joe proves himself with this insane super-crazy virtuosity that defined really what rock has to be like. The guitar world would be a sad place without Joe Satriani.     Highlight of this album: Crushing Day
B000092ZYX|5.0|Back in the columnist skinned alive day when life BS changing they are still were diving a car night at a \\"disappointed\\" high rate two lanes my ace both first listen ways Trees grow into \\"why so amazing?\\" power lines sorta confusing a cough awake subjectivity of music then collision of ballistic by 10th listen critics know luxuries sunset nothing as do I it is one of da bes judge and be judge money for nothing lies how can you say books how many times \\"imitating\\" glowing green signs \\"easy to write\\" 24hr retirement pledge of allegiance you spoke to soon know nothing missed my cut off  such a dreamer milk in the stained glass not paying attention thinking you know music maybe not blind clampdown but you're not so creative shadows America am Bushed backsliders trees have no feelings very original I believe are you sick?  Too bad one star knows this gas station hungry devon lay me down JACK! can't believe firing range U turn the know it alls scatterbrains phone I still believe strawberry syrup shook mind boggling twitch geeks stealcold wives open your and mistresses mind waiting to happen and listen underground nave if you don't understand screwed me in a vice never will yesterday's people bondo dent repair nice view never will I wish you'd get up go over fading photographs turn this tape off.
B00009V7RF|2.0|Bought this CD after buying &quot;21 and over&quot;.  Will I. Am is the man.  When you can write a dope track for Dexter's Laboratory you can do anything.  I was heavily dissappointed.  Whole CD was very pop-like.  Their originality has given way to mainstream.  Trying to break a mold isn't always good, and adding a singer is always bad (Ja Rule, Ashanti).  Fergie is cute, but not needed.  My wife likes this Cd, but she also like J.LO.  I give it 2 stars, down if i could.  Get Will I Am's &quot;21 and over&quot;.  More like BEPs usual stuff.
B00002DEGZ|5.0|I can only echo the praise given by other reviewers. The Gardiner/Bilsom performances are monuments to the &quot;original instrument&quot; movement. The works have a splendid clarity that highlight the lovely tones produced by the pianoforte. Let's not forget that these are some of Mozart's most charming works. (They vary in sophistication, but &quot;light&quot; Mozart is splendid in its own way. There isn't a dud in the bunch.) Considering the price, this is truly a &quot;must buy&quot; for music lovers.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|avenged sevenfold has to be one of the best bands musically in the world that ive ever heard. their new album shows a lot of growth, but also some weaknesses compared to their last album. first off... im a drummer, and both albums have some of the most insane drumming ive ever heard, but i really dont know what happened. on the new album, its like the drummer forgot how to do a lot of stuff he used to do. all the insane fills after almost every line are no longer there. second off.. the song &quot;second heartbeat&quot; is nowhere near as good as the original version on &quot;hopeless devoted...&quot; but enough of the weaknesses.. there is so much good music on here...<br />1) Waking The Fallen 4/5 -- Really good intro. i like the creepy feel to it. doesnt have the awesome guitars like the intro on STST had, but still is great.<BR>2) Unholy Confessions 5/5 -- One of the best on the cd. I love the singing chorus, its one of the catchiest parts on the cd.. and the singer of this band is incredible.. and i hate it when people judge him on his screaming, which i also think is incredible.<BR>3) Chapter Four 5/5 -- I love the drum intro. also a really heavy track. great song.<BR>4) Reminissions 5/5 -- Also one of the best songs. The two soft parts in it blend this song really well between softer and heavier. awesome song.<BR>5) Desecrate Through Reverence 5/5 -- Wow, there is not enough good things to say about this cd.. the end of this sogn is one of my favorite parts of the whole cd. one of my fav songs.<BR>6) Eternal Rest 5/5 -- this is my second favorite song. the guitars are amazing. i love the pantera-like parts in it. really heavy song.<BR>7) Second Heartbeat 3/5 -- liek i said before... they ruined this song. the good drumlicks are gone, its not as fast, and not as heavy... one of the few downfalls of the album.<BR>8) Radiant Eclipse 4/5 -- Another kind of slower song. some parts are really heavy though.<BR>9) I Wont See You Tonight pt. I 6/5 -- This is a masterpiece. if the other songs arent reason enough to get the cd, this song def is. one of the best metal sogns ive ever heard. the softest one on the cd, but its so incredible. the best song on the album. all 9 mintues of it.<BR>10) IWSYT pt. 2 5/5 -- prob the heaviest song on the cd. the chorus is really catchy and is a good outro to the last song. another great song.<BR>11) Clairvoyant Disease 5/5 -- really good singing on this song. goes from heavy to softer a lot too. i love it.<BR>12) And All Things Will End 4/5 -- Not as good of a finisher as &quot;Shattered By Broken Dreams&quot; was on STST but still a awesome last song. after this sogn youll just want to start the whole cd over and listen again, cuz u wont be able to stop listening to these guys.<br />i hope this helped you. and im begging you to get this cd. you wont regret it.
0446605409|4.0|This was fun. The main character (John Corey) is an over-confident wise-guy detective who thinks he's God's gift to women. His arrogance is funny.<br />The pace of the book is very good. It's 500 pages, but it's still a quick read.<br />There were a few flaws, but they were minor. Corey is meant to be recovering from a gunshot wound (through the lung?) but throughout the book he exerts himself way beyond what he should be able to do. DeMille fails to explain the origins of a vital letter at the end. Some sequences are not believable, like the speedboat ride through a hurricane, where the characters are still able to carry on a light-hearted conversation despite being blasted with smashing waves and hurricane winds.<br />Overall, it was well worth the read. I laughed out loud several times. This was my first DeMille, but I'll be looking for more.
0385504209|2.0|I'll admit it - it's a fun suspense novel.  But the author knows just enough to be dangerous, sounding plausible with the absurd claims he makes.  May God help him if he leads just one person from their salvation with his irresponsible work of fiction.  As a Christian with a degree in art history, it was easy to spot all the places that Brown gets it wrong on so many counts.  An example: page 246 has an excerpt from the fictional Gospel of Phillip in which the disciples call Jesus &quot;Saviour.&quot;  Yet the core of Brown's assertion is that Jesus' divinity was decided in a council vote 300 years later for political gain by people who claimed to have proof it wasn't true, and that the disciples knew Jesus was &quot;just a man&quot; like them.  If that's so, then why would they have called him Saviour?  Another example of his inaccuracy is his description of Da Vinci's painting &quot;Madonna of the Rocks&quot; where he mistakenly reverses the identities of Jesus and John the Baptist as infants.  Jesus is the one holding up two fingers, an internationally known symbol for teacher/rabbi, and it is John the Baptist who is kneeling in prayer to Christ, and the &quot;talon-like claw&quot; that Brown sees in Mary's hand is actually her blessing Jesus, as a clergyperson blesses communion elements.  Caught you at your own game, Brown.  Try to get it right next time.  The book is filled to the brim with inconsistencies in Brown's self-created world.  Enjoy this fiction, but read the real truth for yourself in the Bible.
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley has a voice - a voice that can in one instant inspire hope and in another instant bring sadness. In &quot;Lilac Wine&quot; and &quot;Hallelujah,&quot; he, at one point, sounds almost like he is crying and it brings a lump to your throat and you feel as though he singing about feelings only you and he understand. I don't know how you heard of Jeff or what brought you to the &quot;Grace&quot; album page but do yourself a favor and buy this album. &quot;Open a door of small light to reveal a world of exquisite radiance.&quot;
0553212737|5.0|I first learned of 'Emma' by watching the movie starring Gwyneth Paltrow - I was instantly captivated by the high-class style of that era, Emma's life and her relationship with Mr. Knightly. After watching the movie probably 16 times, I went and read the book and was so glad I did! It's become one of my all-time favorite books simply because I love Emma's character and get lost in her life and world every time, and come back later craving to read it again! The book expands and clarifies so much we don't get to see in the movie and gives you the original view of Emma - apart from the movie. As a woman, I love romance and tales of older times where nobility and class presided yet values were down to earth, respectable and loving. 'Emma' combines both nobility and the 'down to earthness' in Mr. Knightly. If you love romance, strong female characters and getting lost in another world of balls, dances, society - definitely read this and watch the movie with Gwyneth Paltrow! It's gorgeous and guaranteed to uplift you.
B000002KAT|5.0|This is, without a doubt, one of those most beautiful complete works I have ever listened to, watched, read, saw ,or heard. Van Morrison created an album of such great hope and inspiring wonder I have tears in my eyes just thinking about it. There are few works in music that can move me to that kind of emotion: Grace, A Love Supreme, and this Astral Weeks. If you love good music (if you are reading this you probably do) then you must fork out the...$10 to buy this. It is different. It is sublime. It is a complete masterpiece.
0739307312|2.0|Yes there are some facts in this book. But also lots of misleading misinformation too. At some points it was really hard to tell the difference Mary Magdalene is in fact a saint in the  Catholic  Church and he fails to even mention that. In fact he goes to length to say the Church degraded her. And the Catholic church does honor Mary the Virgin Mother. He gets some things half correct and other things are correct.Still other things way off base. What I find disturbing is that unless you know history, theology and other subjects well you could start believing the stuff that is not true. I think his preface or &quot;FACT&quot;, as he put it ,set the most misleading tone.Yes he did have a very subtle yet NOT perfectly clear  disclaimer. You have to read between the lines and do research to figure out what he made up and what was based on fact. If you want to read a really good thriller of this type of genre read Paul L. Maier Skeleton in God's Closet or More then a Skeleton it was one man against the World....Now Paul Maier really knows his subject he is a historian and theologian. Maier is one of the top 25 educators in the country.I believe that  Dan Brown's wife is a historian and Mr. Brown is an english teacher or professor.<br />Dan Brown's book is very good but too misleading to give him more stars. I think that if he wrote a clearer disclaimer and clearly seperated the fact from the fiction I would give him at least 4 stars...He lost the two stars because I think he did not separate  facts from fiction enough and that is the danger of writing this type of fiction that has some facts in it. As a thriller this is really interesting really good but do not believe everything you read.<br />It is an interesting story. And I did have a hard time putting it down. As a piece of fiction I do like this story. But only as a piece of fiction. When you read this please take it with a grain of salt.<br />I don't have the abridged version I have the origional. Maybe the abridged version takes care of the above problems I have with this story.ersion takes care of the above problems I have with this story.
B000000LZV|5.0|The American post-punk/indie scene of the 1980's sure produced some great bands. Most of the bands took the minimalist, expressive, to-the-point ethos of punk and ran in different directions with it. (Early) REM's trade was in obscure vocals and folky, jangly music. Husker Du took hardcore punk and added catchy melodies and quirky lyricism to it. The Meat Puppets had their own odd brand of messy bluegrass-punk, while The Replacements crafted funny, poignant and sloppy garage rock that appealed to adolescent America. Finally, there are The Minutemen, who were way beyond simple genre classification.<br />It's easier to describe this San Pedro trio in terms of what they were than what they were not. The Minutemen experimented with punk, funk, jazz improv, folk/country and God knows what else. Their songs, while fully formed, are models of brevity being no more than 1-2 minutes long. Mike Watt's lyrics were strange bits of beat poetry that spoke out on pop culture, commercialism, politics, and war, among other things (yet without being heavy-handed at all). Sometimes the Minutemen were wonderfully anachronistic--who else would write Vietnam protest songs in '84, or cover CCR when it was way un-hip to do so? In short, these guys were totally different from any band before or since. The closest band I can think of that might be similar is Wire during their Pink Flag era, but only in the minimalist philosophy, and that band's sound would end up going in a very different direction. So, the Minutemen basically defy comparison.<br />Double Nickels On The Dime is one of punk's few double albums, a monument to intelligence and overflowing creativity. It is a platter of 43 (!) songs brimming with thought-provoking lyrics and great music that constantly shifts and jumps around, leaving the listener with little idea of what to expect. Some listeners would argue that Double Nickels On The Dime is uneven in places, and I agree, but in my opinion this adds to its charm. Guitarist D. Boon's (R.I.P.) unrefined yet expressive voice and stattaco leads and George Hurley's drums are accomplished, but the real show is bassist Mike Watt, who is one of my favorite bass players of all time. He just makes the instrument sound ALIVE--it pops, throbs, and dances under the music. No wonder why Flea of the Red Hot Chili Peppers emulates and admires him so.<br /><br />Under all this, it's even more remarkable that the Minutemen were just average guys doing what they loved. &quot;Our band could be your life,&quot; sings D. Boon on History Lesson Part 2, and there's no doubting his authenticity. The band's assertiveness and positive thinking makes all the whining of modern radio rawk seem even more contrived.<br />I'd like to go on, but my words really can't do Double Nickels On The Dime justice. Just get it, listen to it, and think. Then you will understand why this opus ranks up there with Blonde On Blonde, The White Album, Exile On Main Street and Quadrophenia.<br />Note: The CD version lacks Mr. Robot's Holy Orders and the Van Halen cover Ain't Talkin' Bout Love (to make a single CD). You can get both of these on the double vinyl, which is still in print and sounds great. But that won't work in the car, so now you have an excuse to buy TWO copies of this glorious album. Go for it.. Boon's (R.I.P.) unrefined yet expressive voice and stattaco leads and George Hurley's drums are accomplished, but the real show is bassist Mike Watt, who is one of my favorite bass players of all time. He just makes the instrument sound ALIVE--it pops, throbs, and dances under the music. No wonder why Flea of the Red Hot Chili Peppers emulates and admires him so.  <BR> <BR>Under all this, it's even more remarkable that the Minutemen were just average guys doing what they loved. &quot;Our band could be your life,&quot; sings D. Boon on History Lesson Part 2, and there's no doubting his authenticity. The band's assertiveness and positive thinking makes all the whining of modern radio rawk seem even more contrived.  <br />I'd like to go on, but my words really can't do Double Nickels On The Dime justice. Just get it, listen to it, and think. Then you will understand why this opus ranks up there with Blonde On Blonde, The White Album, Exile On Main Street and Quadrophenia.   <br />Note: The CD version lacks Mr. Robot's Holy Orders and the Van Halen cover Ain't Talkin' Bout Love (to make a single CD). You can get both of these on the double vinyl, which is still in print and sounds great. But that won't work in the car, so now you have an excuse to buy TWO copies of this glorious album. Go for it.
B0000DZTIW|5.0|The music is what makes the Last Samurai such a emotional powerful movie. From the start of the movie where we see Tom Cruise character suffering from what he has done to the end where he gives back the sword to the Emperor, the music is with us. That is why this rates 5 stars!
B000059ZLH|5.0|ill just say, James Labre's amazing voice sounds better live, John Pertruci's guitar playing leaves me in awe, Jordan Rudess keyboard skills are amazing, and johny myung plays the base like the end of the world is near, and of course Mike Portnoy kicks major major ass at drumming, its cool to see him twirl his stick in one hand and hit the drums with the other and still keep track with the rest of the band and make it sound like the cd. which brings me to the title, this in my opinion is better than their amazing perfect Scenes from a Memory! for crying out loud they play everything except for a couple things just like the cd, and at some parts they add or change some things to make it sound better. the dvd also incorporates some really cool clips of people actually portraying the story that the album is about, all around it is a perfect story with the most beautiful music to incorporate it, and its made by the best musicians in the world. sorry if i didnt spell their names right or get them all, im doing this in a hurry, ill revise this when i get a chance, but still..... 5 STARS!!! A MUST HAVE!!!
B000002LRX|5.0|The best albums from one of the most influential metal bands of the past 20 years. Mike Patton's voice is amazing, and he also has a very good sence of humor. The album doesnt seem just like a group of songs, but a musical journey. And, surprisingly, many(not all) of the songs have hooks and are quite memorable. Pure twisted genius
B0000DD7LB|5.0|What a big difference from the time she came out to now!! She keeps improving all the way and keeps discovering more and more talents in what people call the 'talentless' fake girl. <BR>This album is a cool, groovy, hot album with awesome beats and hot tunes. If her voice was better, this would be the perfect album.She's trying to do everything she can. I mean you'd have thought people without a good voice would've given up but no. She's proved that you don't need an extraordinary voice to make good music. And to whoever wants to fight against that, listen to the album a couple of times and then do it. <BR>Me against the music - Actually a lot of people think Madonna is unneccessary but imagine the song without her. I'm not a fan of hers or anything but I kinda like the blend of their voices with the classic clubby beat in the background. The lyrics are sort of different and I'd give it a 9.5 out of 10.<BR>Boom Boom - Nice matured hip hop song featuring the Ying Yang twins. I don't mind them but the song would be amazing without them. - 9/10<BR>Showdown - I just love the beats of this song!! It's a sexy song and the lyrics are ok and Britney's did pretty well on this song. I doubt it but I hope it's a single - 10/10<BR>Breathe on me - Nice beats and great tune. Her voice is almost like Kylie Minogue in the end. - 9.5/10<BR>Early Morning - Actually I hated this song in the beginning but it's caught on to me and I think Moby did a decent job for the first time in his loser career - 8/10<BR>Toxic - THE BEST SONG ON THE ALBUM!! Everybody loves this song. It's got a 70s beat and so very very catchy. Great job brit! - 11/10<BR>Outrageous - Britney Spears and R. Kelly on one track...I'd never have imagined that would come. The result is a very catchy song. The lyrics don't stand out and my friends laughed at it but I like the lalalalala part and it's a great song  - 10/10<BR>Touch of my hand - I love this song! I don't know about the lyrics but the atmosphere of the song,the tune...it just feels great and I LOVE this one - 10.5/10<BR>The hook up - If you told me Britney Spears was going to sing this someday I would so have laughed at your face. At first I did laugh when I listened to the song (especially when she emphasises on her jamiacan accent) but the next time, I liked it and I think  it's cool and catchy. - 9.5/10<BR>Shadow - The first ballad and a very nice one too. It doesn't stand out and I'd prefer the bonus tracks of her previous albums as better ballad. The Matrix did a good job. - 10/10<BR>Brave new girl - This is funky and fits nicely in one of her old albums. Some people hate it because of it's poppy feeling but I love it and Britney sounds like Madonna here.lol. - 10/10<BR>Everytime - This is the best ballad I've ever heard! If it's for Justin like people say, I hope it isn't because he doesn't deserve something this beautiful. He's been running around Scotland, insulting Britney! It is accompanied by the harp and piano. Britney's voice is tearful and sweet and the tune is haunting and beautiful. - 15/10 This is the single after Toxic.<BR>Me against the music - RRDK mix - This guy is good. I love the Punjabi effect to the song. It makes it so catchy and dancy and my friends (who are into rock!!) liked it!!!!! I'm not saying this has anything rock. It doesn't have even a flavour of rock but my friends are very selctive about the kind of music they like and they actually loved this mix! - 11/10<BR> I wonder where this girl would be if she had a good voice too. I respect her efforts and she should be given a chance by all those Britney haters. I'm sure you hate her because she sang poppy stuff like Baby one more time and oops I did it again which made her a teeny bopper. She's no more that. I agree she moans a lot in some of her songs but I don't see what's wrong with that. A sexy approach to music is also nice. <BR>She's doing pretty well right now and I think she deserves that. She's got a terrific video to support her predicted smash hit - Toxic and I hope it does well. This CD is highly recommended to people who're looking for good, dancy music with nice tunes and great beats. If you're looking for some serious lyrics supported by a a very good voice get something else! Music doesn't always have to be that. It can be fun once in a way!<BR>Hope you guys found this review usefula and sorry it became so long.
B000000OQF|4.0|All thoughthis album is a bit overrated, it contains a few great tunes, and a few consistent rockers and of course very good guidtar playing from Slash. But the thing that really set them apart from other bands of there time period was there aggresion, and this record is certaintly in no shortage of that.
B00009TB5G|4.0|If you attend a feast and find yourself at a table of wonderfully beautiful foods, heap your plate full, and eat the most savory delicious meal you've ever had in your life, amid all the sumptuous smells rising from that delectable table, but then find, after you've left the banquet, that for some inexplicable reason your stomach is growling with hunger, as if it were completely empty, then you'll understand the experience of seeing The Lord of The Rings.
B000059QY3|5.0|I am shocked! I have watched and listened to hundreds of &quot;Traviata&quot;-s in my life, but I never imagined that I would be so moved with yet another outstanding recording. This is amazing. Angela Gheorghiu is brilliant - she shows everything: radiance, fun, passion, love, drama, despare. She is the most perfect Violetta of our time. Well, she doesn't sing high E flat at the end of the I Act but who cares? Look at her - she has stunning looks and one of the most warmest and beautiful voices I've ever heard. If one takes into consideration the fact that this was her operatic debut, everything I just mentioned is even more unbelievable. Alongside Gheorghiu is the very strong supporting cast: Leo Nucci is one of my favourite baritones and he is at his best. Nothing seems difficult to him, its amazing. Lopardo (Alfredo) has very strong voice, mostly his singing is very good, however at some places I would rather here warmer sound, I would rather believe him more. And finally, Georg Solti's conducting is  great, the orchestra and the chorus is like one, every single detail is worked out and syncronized. So at the end, I should say this is must have DVD. This is Gheorghiu's triumph, this is her night and it is amazing watching her and sharing this precious moment with her.
B00005R0VI|4.0|It is hard not to look back at the line-up of this short-lived 1969 supergroup and think about what might have been: Eric Clapton on guitar and vocals; Steve Winwood on organ, bass, guitar, piano, keyboards, vocals; and Ginger Baker on percussion and drums. Certainly Blind Faith had the potential to be more than a Cream substitute with Winwood replacing Jack Bruce, because Clapton and Winwood were headed in a different musical direction from either Cream or Traffic.  Besides, Clapton and Windwood had decided to team up and Baker was eager to sign on as the drummer when he sat in on their sessions.  Of course you can look backwards and see Cream's soulful blues mixed with the emphasis on riffs and the longer song lengths of Traffic, but the result is still rather unique.  Just compare it to the rest of what Clapton and Windwood have done, and this 1969 album still stands out as something decidedly different.<br />&quot;Blind Faith&quot; is not a great album, but it has some great songs including Clapton's one contribution, &quot;Presence of the Lord,&quot; his most personal song until &quot;Tears in Heaven,&quot; and Winwood's acoustic duet with Clapton on &quot;Can't Find My Way Home.&quot;  You would do well to pay attention to the lyrics on both of these songs, which you are required to have in your music library of Sixties music.  &quot;Had to Cry Today&quot; and &quot;Sea of Joy&quot; are pretty good, but the album would have been better without the uninspired cover of Buddy Holly's &quot;Well All Right&quot; and Ginger Baker's self-indulgent &quot;Do What You Like.&quot;  Certainly the group could have come up with something better, but Clapton ended up Delaney and Bonnie before going solo after Blind Faith's one attempt at touring, and that was it for Blind Faith.  The blame, such as it is, would fall on Clapton, who was clearly in personal turmoil and who retreated to the relative obscurity of playing with Delaney and Bonnie rather than fronting another bad.  This album reached #1 on the Billboard Pop charts and I like to believe that it had something to do with the music, but I remember how often we checked out the album cover on this one at the record stores so Bob Seidemann's provocative cover design comes into play as well.This album reached #1 on the Billboard Pop charts and I like to believe that it had something to do with the music, but I remember how often we checked out the album cover on this one at the record stores so Bob Seidemann's provocative cover design comes into play as well.
0062502182|2.0|I enjoyed this book, but not as much as I was told I would. I think it offers up sugar-coated life philosphies. These palatable, romantic ideas are great if you've never read a book containing such notions or are beginning (today) a quest to question your life. If you have started already you are in for a simple story that can't guarantee any new insight and may actually frustrate you. I give it 2 stars because for someone starting their &quot;examined life&quot; it will give them some momentum.
B00004I9VE|2.0|I was very unimpressed by the SACD version of this album .First be aware it is only stereo not multi-channel . <BR>I found that compared to other SACD,s which i have listened to this album seems very bright.<BR>Michaels voice was not well defined. <br />Overal impression was that normal CD better ballanced
B00006CXSS|5.0|By any standard, this is easily one of the finest things ever done about World War II, or for that matter about any war.  The series details the adventures of Easy Company of the 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne from their training in Georgia through D-Day and action in Belgium and into Germany.  The reason that this mini-series is so successful is not hard to determine:  no effort to make it as accurate and as good as possible was spared.  In every detail, the show is as close to perfect as is possible.<br />Who to praise first?  One could easily start with the actors.  The cast is absolutely first rate, and they not only are extraordinarily fine as actors, they also bear an amazing physical resemblance to the real life individuals whom they portray.  If you look at the photos in the Stephen Ambrose book upon which the series was based or watch the documentary WE STAND ALONE TOGETHER, which featured interviews with the survivors of Easy Company, the likenesses are striking.  Although the entire cast is superb, Damian Lewis pretty much steals the whole show as Winters.  I love the quiet competence and confident leadership he projects in all his scenes.  If I were to go to war myself, I would very much like to serve under someone like Winters.  Unbelievably, Damian Lewis is English, which seems scarcely possible his accent is so natural.  Ron Livingston is a wonderful surprise as Capt. Nixon.  I had previously seen him in purely comic roles in SWINGERS and then in OFFICE SPACE, and while he definitely brings a mildly comic tone to this series, it isn't in the end a role that brings nothing but smiles.  Eion Bailey is memorable in his role as Pvt. Webster, the Harvard educated noncom who wants to become a writer.  He also is the character who allowed me to keep alive a boast I make to a friend that I can connect almost any movie or television show to Buffy the Vampire Slayer in one way or another (he appeared as one of the students who took on hyena-like qualities in the episode &quot;The Pack&quot; from the first season).  The rest of the cast is always at least very good.<br />The technical aspects of the film are just off the chart.  The film always looks and sounds great.  Much like SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, many of the battle scenes have an almost tactile feel to them.  Some feel so real that I as a viewer felt physically vulnerable.  In a large number of the episodes I had that same sensation of almost being pulled into the film.  In a large number of the battle scenes they employed handheld cameras, and that helped induce a &quot;you were there&quot; kind of experience.  One of the greatest achievements was giving the illusion of the film being shot on location, while in fact nearly the entire film was shot on a huge lot in England.  During filming it was remade constantly to recreate the various locations that were needed.  There were some scenes filmed on location, but far fewer than one would have imagined.<br />All of this excellence meshes together to tell in superb fashion the tales of real human beings.  Throughout one gets the sense that these are ordinary human beings who are called upon by the demands of history to do extraordinary things.  All in all, this is a remarkable achievement, a landmark both of television and of filmmaking about World War Two.  I can't imagine anyone seeing it finding it is any sense a disappointment.in the episode &quot;The Pack&quot; from the first season).  The rest of the cast is always at least very good.<br />The technical aspects of the film are just off the chart.  The film always looks and sounds great.  Much like SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, many of the battle scenes have an almost tactile feel to them.  Some feel so real that I as a viewer felt physically vulnerable.  In a large number of the episodes I had that same sensation of almost being pulled into the film.  In a large number of the battle scenes they employed handheld cameras, and that helped induce a &quot;you were there&quot; kind of experience.  One of the greatest achievements was giving the illusion of the film being shot on location, while in fact nearly the entire film was shot on a huge lot in England.  During filming it was remade constantly to recreate the various locations that were needed.  There were some scenes filmed on location, but far fewer than one would have imagined.<br />All of this excellence meshes together to tell in superb fashion the tales of real human beings.  Throughout one gets the sense that these are ordinary human beings who are called upon by the demands of history to do extraordinary things.  All in all, this is a remarkable achievement, a landmark both of television and of filmmaking about World War Two.  I can't imagine anyone seeing it finding it is any sense a disappointment.
B00004Y6OA|4.0|This is Van Halen possibly at their peak.  The fights have not yet started.  Vallerie Bertinelli wanted to meet Eddie after listening to the CD and seeing Ed's picture on the back.  Cool guitar riffs, classic Dave one liners-\\"Have you seen Junior's grades?\\" It seemed like the guys had fun with this one. It is oceans of laughs and reeks of mischief. On later albums with DLR the tone gets more pessimistic.
B000002UUX|5.0|I think this is the megadeth's masterpiece. with two genius of the metal scene together: Dave Mustaine and Marty Friedman.<br />They made a terrific job in this album .I bought it in 1993 and I still love to hear it , I always think in the way  Marty could make those scales. I'm a lead guitar player in a metal band for fun purposes, nothing serious. I was thinking in play some megadeth's stuff but this is to damn hard to play!!! .<br />If you are rock/metal fan I definitly recommend it. Don't waste your money in craps like Metallica's newest album
B00005R8GU|5.0|I have about 100 CD's of the blues.  Bands from A to Z.  And this one right now is #1 on my list.  Put this CD on in the car with a bunch of your boys liquored up and heading out, and you will have everyone tapping their feet and jamming.  Everysong is 5 stars.  If I had to pick one CD to listen to for a long car ride, like NYC to LA, and could take only one album for the ride, this would be it.  Right now I don't even think my #2 CD is even in the same stratosphere with &quot;Fathers and Sons&quot;.  I hope this review encourages you to buy the CD, you will not regret it.  I guarantee it.
0385504209|1.0|Given that Dan Brown weaves his thriller throughout with obscure \\"facts\\" and surprising architectural references, I can understand the misguided hype and enthusiasm that it has generated.  However, if one pauses long enough to consider the basic structure of this book without the smoke and mirrors, it is very poorly written and favors the formulaic in the extreme.  The characters jump through incredibly convenient plot twists and coincidences which miraculously appear just when the author can't throw in another \\"unbelievable but true\\" fact.  The prose is cumbersome and stilted with characters - or should i say caricatures - repeating themselves and others ad nauseum (just in case the reader started the book somewhere in the middle).  In fact, chapter after chapter conveniently ends with a - gasp! - cliffhanger just so Brown doesn't have to work on his craft and actually drive any character growth.  That supposedly \\"stunning ending\\" is a foregone conclusion if you've managed to see past Brown's magic tricks or, better yet, made it to the end of the book without rending your hair and gouging out your eyes.  The premise may be interesting but the execution is deplorable.  It is beyond me to understand how this book got even one positive review.  No matter the \\"revelations\\" within, Dan Brown would fail a sixth-grade writing assignment.  His editor must be the best on the planet for making this palatable to even a few - or the worst for not dumping it in the garbage after the first page.
0385504209|3.0|While this book is obviously entertaining the masses (every other person at the airport seemed to be carrying one) and it is an entertaining and fairly well-written (for the most part) story, I'd sum up my first perception like this: Imagine John Grisham holed up in a far away cabin sinking his intellectual teeth into not only such works as &quot;Holy Blood, Holy Grail&quot; and &quot;The Templar Revelation&quot; but more blatantly all of the works of Umberto Eco.<br />The Grisham-like writer then exits the cabin, returns to civilization and &quot;vouchsafes&quot; his &quot;spell-binding,&quot; &quot;highly original&quot; story to the unsuspecting masses.<br />Personally, I see no problem with him twisting around church doctrine and placing women into their rightful (and originally pagan before the Christians 'patriarchialized' everything) place of hegemony. And I'm intrigued that a popular writer is delivering such goods to a mainstream audience.<br />It's just that The Name of The Rose and Foucault's Pendulum (both by Eco) did it so much better. Not to mention the non-fiction works of such writers as Pagels and Capra.<br />I'll give it a second read and see if I'm missing something - if so, I'll revise/update my review.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Mind Blowing! I've always been a fan of Dream Theater, yet I never expected this. Every album they make gets greater and greater. The technical skill, effort and energy of Train of Thought are at epic proportions. I would put this album among the absolute greats of rock. Any other band attempting to make a heavy rock metal album with elements like Dream Theater would fail. Take any Metallica album from the 80's to the 90's and compare it to this. It will blow it away! <br />Mike Portnoy (drummer) plays to a level others only attempt. Modern Drummer winner for 8 straight years. You will see why. <BR>The guitar tracks from John Petrucci and keyboards from Jordan Ruddess are moving. Ruddess was also a Julliard Graduate at 8 years of age. John Myung (bass) hits more notes than a dozen other players combined. Last but not least is James Labrie. A powerful voice with undescribable touches added to make this album one of the best.<br />For any fan of rock, metal or alternative this album will be on your top 5 for years to come. Train of Thought can be listened to 20 times and you'll still be hearing new things after each listen. Linkin Park, Disturbed, Metallica or any other band on the scene don't compare. It has to be the record of 2004!
B00005JLKB|5.0|This has been an awesome addition to my DVD collection! Quality is outstanding and the special features are great.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin Degraw is one of the absolute best male singers of his time! Hiss marvelous voice is carried through his soul to yours, he makes you feel his joy, his pain, and his breathtaking words take you to an incredible place where freedom rains and harmony flows through you. He's fantabulous as you will see, I had to have his album, there aren't enough ways in the world to describe his keen sense of understanding and feeling behind the words that he sings.  His heart is in everyone, which makes him truely unique!  Thank You Gavin for all your beautiful music! If you don't have this album get it quick!
0385504209|1.0|I've seldom been so disappointed in a book on so many levels.  It's very bad, misleading, and agenda-driven from a historical and theological standpoint.  However, I'm often willing to overlook those things in support of a good story.  This is a very weak story, with wooden prose, poorly-drawn characters, gaping holes in the plot, and terribly transparent plot devices.  My husband and I finished the book, but were mostly driven by how bad it was and \\"could it get any worse.\\"  My eleven year old read the book, convinced that it was going to be great because so many of his middle-school/jr high peers loved it.  The book did keep him enthralled over three days of Christmas break. At one point he asked me whether the Teabing character's polio was somehow symbolic or significant.  I thought about it for a while and responded that I didn't think so; just another dumb plot device (along with the big dumb Albino and the red-headed female cryptologist).  After he finished the story he commented that I was wrong:  Sir Leigh is crippled in order to foreshadow the lame ending.  I think he has a point.
B00006CXXU|4.0|I love this CD. I didn't used to be a huge fan of Christina, but this cd is the perfect way to showcase her talent. She has a couple songs on it that you've heard on the radio... and then some others. Great for a gift to a teenager!
068484267X|5.0|This is an autobiography that made me want to write my own. It's so wonderfully written until I cried and laughed at the same time. He's like singing his sadness. Telling a story like a poetry.<BR>I never felt this way but it's like euphoria that only can be felt when a book strike a chord
B0000DD7LB|5.0|This album is definitely Britney's best work yet.  I thought her last album &quot;Britney&quot; was her best work, but she definitely out did herself with this new album.  There are only a few tracks that I seem to skip over (2, 7 &amp; 11), and not because they are bad, but because I love all of the other songs much more.  Britney seems to be a clubber and this music fits.  Britney's personal life has definitely changed and grown up and I'm glad that her music has as well.  It just wouldn't fit if she was still singing her &quot;teen bubble gum pop&quot; music...that's not her anymore.  This is an awesome album and I definitely recommend it!
0743243307|4.0|May be we can compare this book with Purple Color by Alice Walker. A story of two sisters a distance away writing about religion and family. In fact both are using slangs. One is African American and and the other Bangladeshi. <BR>This book is a good bet nonetheless. Beautifully written and coincide with the growing interest on Islam.
B0001906O0|5.0|&quot;The first thing I always did when I got a new single,&quot; remembers RObert Smith, &quot;Was flip it over and play the other side. I always hoped the B-Side would give me another version of the artist, something as good as the A-Side but somehow differnt. I expected great B-Sides from the artists I loved...&quot;<br />The Cure has given us a great boxed set of all the b-sides. This is a wonderful collection!
B000003TA4|3.0|What can be said about this CD?First,in no way was Kurt gifted songwriter.His lyrics were average at best,and what he did was to hide his lack of talent for words behind abstract nonsense.<BR>It's an ok rocking album,no more and no less.
