B000002G1Y|5.0|Perfectly Good Guitar is not one of Hiatt's best albums, but it still  rocks!  If anyone out there loves john Hiatt as much as me, Riding With the  King, Warming Up to the Ice Age, Stolen Moments, any Hiatt album you can  get your hands on, is worth having!
B0000019PA|4.0|Neutral milk hotel is new to me but I am very impressed! This band  combines eclectic instrumentation with powerful songwriting. Such heartfelt  and natural expression. This album grabbed me and lingered in my thought  after the first listen. Alot of the music is spooky sounding with a mix of  horns and even a musical saw. The lyrics are charming and as imaginative as  some of Syd Barret's work. The recording is the only minor drawback, some  of the recording sounds a bit fuzzy a little like GBV's work, but I love  this album still. Some of the songs are emotionally stirring to me.  &quot;In the aeroplane over the sea&quot; and &quot;Two-Headed boy&quot;  are wonderful.
0399143904|1.0|If you can believe that super intellectual Earth Firster's can be bested  by even more intellectual military ranger's....this book is for you.<br />Poor  character development, ridiculous plot, and paid by the ounce writing  style.<br />Do yourself a favor. Forget this one.
0060976624|5.0|A very witty and highly enjoyable book. Very good if you're a smoker, even  better if you're trying to quit. You'll laugh with its funny realism.  Buckley's account of the politics and dynamics of the media  communications/image management industry is dangerously close to reality. I  recommend it wholeheartedly, but be warned: you'll find it very hard to put  down!
B000003TBP|2.0|This CD is pop.  Bubblegum.  <br />This CD is not ground breaking in any  artistic way whatso ever.  The sample style is nice to listen to, but was  totally played out years before this came out.<br />At least Beck does not rap  on this cd.<br />The beck i really enjoy is the beck who makes up goofy songs  based on obscure folk masters such as woody guthrie.<br />i think becks  version of electronica and rapping are really wrong and embaressing.  the  same problem i have with dub narcotic sound system.  If he wants to be  taken seriously in those feilds he needs to put much more effort in to  it.<br />his pop melodies are quite nice.  however i could just buy a motown  record, and get something truly emotional and truly amazing.<br />at least  beck is not doing grunge.<br />i wish he would stick to roots.  i think he's  looking in the wrong direction.
B0000009SF|5.0|Grand Wazoo is a jazz album that may surprise Zappa fans expecting such  fare as &quot;Don't Eat the Yellow Snow&quot; or &quot;Valley Girl&quot;.   It is an instrumental feast with lovely horn music and of course, FZ's  guitar.  Worth exploring if you like your music instrumental, tight, but  untamed.
0380799006|5.0|When I used the suggestions from this book on my own 2 kids, MIRACLES took  place in our home.  I don't claim that my children are squabble-free, but  when conflicts arise, I use the techniques in this book to help them  resolve their differences.  We are all so grateful to the authors for the  rewards!
B000002NJS|3.0|I liked the CD, but only for &quot;Frozen,&quot; and  &quot;Ray of  Light&quot;  I still think it was a worthwhile  buy though.  Ray of light  is the BEST SONG!
B000000OSE|4.0|I'm not too keen on Guns n Roses and everything.  But, something told me  to purchase this CD.  I love it.  Especially Live and Let Die and November  Rain.  Slash should be a god.
B000002HRE|5.0|This is one of the best albums I have ever heard in the heavy metal genre.   Although, not as good as &quot;The Black Album&quot;, which few albums  are, it is still great.  The sound of their songs have changed a bit, but  the changes are good ones.  In fact, the slower-paced songs(Memory Remains,  Unforgiven 2) are better than the faster ones(Fuel, Fixxer, etc.)  Overall,  the decision to slow down their songs was a good decision and has really  made Metallica the best heavy metal band ever.
0790729628|5.0|I was surprised to find that the Bladerunner DVD cuts out the best part of  the movie - at the very end when Harrison Ford drives off in his car with  Sean Young and utters a classic line which appropriately ends the movie.   You have to buy the VHS tape to get that part.  What a disappointment!     END
B000000IUX|5.0|This album was first released when I was living in Germany, and the mood  and nostalgia quickly captured me and my friends. It tears a piece of  America from the Heartland and sends it wherever you may be. Many artsist  can successfully migrate across the lines of musical style. Only an artist  as gifted as Neil Young can cross over to another style of music, but do it  across generations as well! Listen very carefully to this CD and you will  hear how carefully this collection was put together. The vocals are a true  delight.
B000002LK1|5.0|One Of The DM's Most Refined Albums (it probably  has to battle with  &quot;Music For Masses&quot;). But power of &quot;Enjoy The Silence&quot;  and &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; will outpower any album of 1990.The Best  Electro-Music Album Ever Made.
0802130208|5.0|I'm one of the few others on this list who cannot help but pile on.  Like  someone else who wrote a review, I was reading this on a plane and had to  close it due to a fit of laughter more uncontrollable than I have ever  experienced.  5-10 minutes later, when I tried with every ounce of strength  I could muster to resume reading, it took merely one more sentence to bring  the tears of laughter streaming back down my face.<br />Right then I new I was  alive.<br />Thanks John.
0451169514|5.0|Stephen King's best book, without a doubt. The only one that comes close  is The Stand. The book develops a real history and becomes very believable  from the immaculate description. All the dialogue is realistic for the ages  of the characters and the time periods. Perfectly seams together flashbacks  with the modern lives of the main characters and never disappoints.
0375751513|5.0|I won't wax critical (ad nauseum).  Merely wish to lament on how starved  this world has been during the past 140 years for someone remotely like  Oscar Wilde.
0787105686|1.0|This is the only book I have actually thrown across the room when I  finished reading it; I only wish I could have graded it with zero stars.   The writing was patronizing and the plot was ridiculous.  Mr. Waller was  apparantly hoping to catch the attention of the Harlequin Romance readers  and repressed housewives.  If you have not read this book, do youself a  favor -- don't!
0792151720|3.0|Now don't get me wrong.  I really enjoyed the movie, but I also like  McDonald's.  Who would rate Mickey D's as a four star restaurant? It's made  more money than Titanic and more people from all over the world have been  there.  Just because something costs a lot, makes a lot of money and  everyone likes it doesn't mean it's the greatest movie evermade. <br />Titanic  was good.  I didn't want my money back, but it had several  problems--besides the absence of realistic characters, lack of plot,  ludicrous dialogue and uninspired direction. (Beyond FX.  I will give the  devil his due.  James Cameron can work the hell out of the blue  background.) <br />The biggest problem was with the character Rose.  Kate  Winslet was BORING.  Gloria Stuart was BORING and UNNECESSARY.  I kept  wanting to slap both Roses and I was really teed off that Jack died to keep  that little twit alive.  She was such a self involved idiot.  I know her  mother was a terrible, cold woman, but don't you think it was a little  heartless to let the woman think that her only daughter was dead?!  And  don't give me that &quot;well she would have pressured Rose in to marrying  butthead.&quot; So what? Rose had undergone this miraculous metamorphis.   Jack's love had made her so stong,  she could now follow all the dreams  that she didn't have the courage to before.  His sacrifice had convinced  her to live...She would not let that sacrifice be in vain.  So why couldn't  she simply stand up to the woman and say, &quot;Mother, I'm going to  live.&quot;  Rose didn't tranform.  She simply figured out a new way to  avoid being a REAL WOMAN.     END
0679745203|5.0|No book has ever sirred up as many emotions in me as this one.  The  characters are tangible and imperfect souls, whose thoughts sing across the  pages.  A perfect meld between poetry and novel.  Best line: &quot;Words  bend emotions like sticks in water.&quot;
0679745203|5.0|Simply put: buy the novel, read it, read it again, read it ten times. Buy  the film, watch it, watch it ten times. Buy the soundtrack, listen to it...  You get the picture.
0061092037|2.0|The Fourth Estate had it's moments, but I have to agree with the other  readers in that it's not one of Archer's best.  There weren't the usual  surprises, and I really didn't care what happened to the characters.  If  this was your first Archer novel, keep reading!  I must recommend  &quot;Honor Amoung Thieves&quot; and &quot;Not a Penny More, Not a Penny  Less&quot; as my favorite page-turners.
0385474547|4.0|Achebe's tale of an african village does not fool itself by trying to  portray the events in an unbiased fashion. After all, the book is not  called &quot;Things Progress.&quot; Things literally do fall apart with the  sometimes violent, and sometimes subtle introduction of European society  into African culture. As an African-American, it makes me wonder. As I turn  the pages with disgust and sometimes animosity at the way Christianity was  often forced upon the Native Africans, I stop dead in my tracks every time  I remember Sunday mornings at Church, or saying grace in Jesus' name before  every meal. This book is very thought provoking, whether or not you believe  that the European introduction had no positive effects for the life of  millions of Africans.
0670880728|5.0|This book made me laugh out loud, stay up until 4 AM, and start writing a  diary!  I couldn't put it down, and I've been recommending Bridget ever  since!   Fielding's observations about family, the constant struggle  between the Singletons and Smug Marrieds, and the obsessions we all hide,  are oftentimes true and always hysterical!  The diary-style prose was very  entertaining and I'm still laughing (of course, my friends call it an  obsession)!  Buy this book now, and pass it along to all your friends!
1573226521|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read -- an absolute page-turner. I  read it in 3 days. The imagery is wonderful and makes you feel like you are  right there. Anyone who fits into the generation 'x' category will  definitely relate to the pop culture details and the overall mentality of  the main character, Richard. It has the perfect blend of intelligence,  intrigue, suspence, and humor. Once you start reading, you won't be able to  put it down.
0062502174|5.0|This easy reading little book provided sunshine to an otherwise hectic  world.  Coming home to read something so simple yet so profound was VERY  enjoyable.
0783225733|4.0|Apollo 13 the movie is definitly my favorite movie of all time.  The DVD  disk has some nice features such as a commentary on the movie by Jim Lovell  and an hour long documentary on the production of Apollo 13.<br />However, I  was a bit disappointed with the A/V quality of the DVD. While it's  definitly acceptable, it's not spectacular.  It is in widescreen format,  which is ok except that the top and bottom border is fuzzy sometimes. The  sound is good, but doesn't compare to the &quot;Apollo 13&quot; audio CD in  terms of sound quality. (though I do have the 14K gold version of the audio  soundtrack, which does make a big difference.)     END
B0000024RZ|4.0|The Times They are A-Changin' is one of the best of Bob Dylans works, but  it is straight out protest folk which will turn some off but not true fans.   Dylan's most forward and political album, includes of course the famous  title track and other classics &quot;The Lonesome Death of Hattie  Carrol&quot; and &quot;When the Ship Comes In&quot;.
0684874350|5.0|I look forward to more from Frank McCort.  I finished this book and was  immediately needing more.  I can't say enough about this book.
0399143904|3.0|I love Clancy's writing, with an abundance of technical details and swift,  brutal justice for the bad guys. It seems that Clancy foresees actual world  events as he is writing each book. Rainbow is an anti-terrorist task force  and the week the book came out, there were two terrorist bombings in  Africa. Too bad we didn't have a real &quot;Rainbow&quot; to go after the  terrorist leaders as Clancy would have them do.<br />The plot of Rainbow Six  is a good one, with the task of saving the world (literally) upon John  Clark's shoulders. A 20% edit in length would have made for a four star  review. Some of the chapters were as routine and boring as the routine and  boring training Ding remarks about.
0440180295|5.0|Just a thought on the anti-war theme: compare the totalsenselessness of Billy Pilgrim's presence in Europe (as he stumblesaround comically in his circus clothes) to the theoretically condemning but in fact celebratory aura surrounding Speilberg's little band of virtuous men fighting the Germans.  Even though the specific mission seemed meaningless, in Private Ryan the lager war makes perfect sense--we have to hold this bridge so the artillery can't cross, so the Germans can't gain the advantage, etc.  In Slaughterhouse Five, the larger war is given no story to justify it, we are simply dropped (like Billy) into the chaos and senselessness of war, and never given a coherent narrative with which to make sense of it.  That is why, it seems to me, Slaughtehouse Five is a brilliant anti-war novel, and Private Ryan is more of the same old s***.
0451169514|5.0|This was the first novel of the horror genre that I have read, and after  hundreds of others, still the best. King intertwines the characters' pasts  with the present for one outrageous ride!
0393317552|5.0|This is one of those books that has one message and hammers it home  thoroughly. Although I'm rather distrustful of &quot;political  correctness&quot; and the message of this book is no doubt  &quot;politically correct&quot;, the man argues reasonably and I found his  book persuasive. To me it was a completely new explanation of world history  and I'm glad to have read it.
0380002930|5.0|I do not think my 10-year-old son and I have enjoyed any book together so  much since I read all of C.S. Lewis's 7 Chronicles of Narnia books to him  when he was 6 years old.  I think the Narnia books can never be beaten -  but Watership Down is the first book we've shared since then that has come  even close to Narnia adventures.  One of your reviews notes that some  TV-video-game generation kids may not relate to such books - NOT TRUE!  My  son loves his Nickelodeon and other TV shows, as well as all his video  games and his various athletic and other activities.  However, I know that  any &quot;spirited&quot; and active kid who is fully attuned to all these  modern electronic and other diversions still can savor a wonderful book  like Watership Down when read aloud by a loving parent.  We LIVED through  Watership Down.  My son read some of it to me while I was driving on a long  trip - and I could hardly wait to know what was to happen next as I drove!   The suspense was wonderful; we cried in many places; then laughed out loud  at other parts.  WHAT A JOY!  I encourage EVERY parent out there to share  this book with his or her child.  We haven't read the sequel,  &quot;Tales,&quot; yet but will very soon. <br />Can anyone out there suggest  similar experiences?  We tried Tolkien right after Narnia, but it was scary  at age 6 - maybe now, at 10, we can try Tolkien again.  Any other  recommendations (especially for boys?).
0553562355|4.0|It was a very easy book to slip into and feel immediately empathetic with  all of the characters involved. I read it in one sitting during a sleepless  night and really enjoyed it.
0812550706|5.0|This is a classic of science fiction. The concept of a &quot;Battle Room&quot; is a brilliant and well-thought one. It's one of those books that you can open up to any point, start reading, and find yourself absorbed for hours.<br />I don't think I've every met anyone who dislike this book. Just buy it and read it and enjoy it. Even non-SF fans will enjoy it. Interesting, complex characters, great dialogue, great ideas...what all novels should be.
630264366X|4.0|Based on a true story (The Scarlet Pimpernell of the Vatican) of Msgr Hugh  O'Flaharty of the Vatican who runs a clandestine operation to hide allied  servicemen and Jews in and around German occupied Rome.  His nemisis, S.S.  Col. Herbert Kapler, is played by Christopher Plummer.  Pope Pius XII is  played by Sir John Guilgood.  Excellent scenes of the Vatican and Rome,  coupled with interesting insight to the rest of the story regarding the  Vatican's work with the victims of the war.  Good performances and  entertaining.     END
0670880728|5.0|A comedy of errors, missed opportunities, lust, love and emotional terror,  ambitious projects doomed for failure, insecurities, weaknesses and false  bravado and, of course,  life's freakish coincidences which send us  reeling....Bridget Jones is unique in this world, and yet, strangely  enough, is every woman.  You must read this!
0679731369|5.0|It's interesting there've been only 3 reviews on this book.  Does this  mean people aren't reading the book?  And what about the three  reviews...they're all glowing.  What does this mean?  I don't think I would  have liked it were I a woman.  Not that the book's at all misogynist.  Rather, its sensibilities are male, so perhaps the book appeals to men. In  all, the book is a masterpiece of thought and expression, heavy with ideas  and twists of mind genially served up. It's moved me to order a Flaubert  novel and now I'll do a little sleuthing of my own!
B000002MUN|5.0|To begin with, this album is outstanding!  I love all the variety on it,  from soft ballads to rocking tunes.  When I first bought this album, after  owning just about everything else from Tom Petty (even, gulp, the Traveling  Wilburys fiasco), I could recognize that this was more of an artistic  album.  I think Tom Petty has spent practically his whole life doing what  is commercially correct, and that the Wildflowers album represents somewhat  of a cutting loose or stepping away from that constraint.  Highly  recommended!!!
0399142533|4.0|Lee Child has set up a &quot;situation&quot; and leads the reader step by  step into the truly fantastic but also quite beliveable plot.  Just a bit  slow at times.  However the rest of the time our hero is going at 90 miles  an hour all over the South.  A very good read.
0451183770|4.0|I finished this book recently for my sophomore Honors English class, and  truly enjoyed it. If you can get past the idea that this book is about  alienation from God (the product of sick minds that are into the perverted  psychobabble) this is a good story that could be viewed as a warning  against technology, and also as a warning against people rejecting others  on the basis of appearance. I personally liked the way it was written; it  was a bit wordy, but I like big vocabularies. It is fairly short and  generates a moderate atmosphere of suspense, but don't expect  edge-of-your-seat excitement and vivid accounts of mayhem and death. It is  a clean, dignified book, which is just the way I like it. I highly  recommend it.
0385484518|5.0|A friend with a terminal illness loaned me this book.  At first, I was  afraid to read it because I thought it would be depressing.  It was not  depressing - it was uplifting and thought-provoking.   I made notes of some  of the things I wish to ponder.  I may suggest it to my monthly bookclub  for reading and discussion.
0399143904|2.0|While I don't expect literary perfection in a tecno/spy/military thiller,  Clancy's work in &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; is poor enough to insult the  itelligence of even his most die hard fans. While the over the top  portrayals of the environmentalist-wackos were entertaining, they were  overshadowed by the weak develpment of a shallow and repetitive plot. The  poor quality of the book's editing make it clear that this book was rushed  to market to satisfy the expected ( and,no doubt, realized ) demand. It  appears,( to use a metaphor that is repeated three times in the first half  of the book ) that Clancy gave no more thought to the crafting of this book  than to &quot;zipping his fly&quot;.
0399143904|5.0|This book not only ties in many of the characters from Clancy's past  books, but also engulfs the reader in the nonstop action.  There are many  sub plots going on at the same time to keep the reader interested.  MUST  READ!!!
B0000025HU|5.0|It has been almost twenty years since its debut, and London Calling sounds  as fresh and vital as ever.  Listen to this CD!!!  It's a rock and roll  treasure.
0670880728|5.0|I can not even remember the last time I read a book so funny that I almost  fell off the couch, as I did with Bridget (yes, I feel like I know her well  enough to call her by her first name). I have now forced half-a-dozen of my  friends to read it, and they have all adored it - one stayed home for two  days to finish it, another ignored her recently-arrived-from-overseas  boyfriend until she finished reading December, and a third stayed up all  night reading and laughing herself silly. No, Bridget isn't the ideal  woman. But she's what we all are sometimes - and she has irony and wit to  go with her neuroses.
0684833395|5.0|My girlfriend asked me to read it and reluctantly I did.  But then I could  put it down.  Now, I find myself having similar conversations with my  friends every day.  I must read.
B00000ADG2|4.0|Lauryn Hill's debut solo project is fabulous.  Written, arranged, and  performed by Lauryn, it is a GREAT CD.  You know how you are reluctant to  buy an artist's CD, because you're not sure if you will like the entire  thing.  Or worse yet, you purchase a CD and the only song worth listening  to is the one they play on the radio ... constantly?  Well, not to worry.   This CD is the BOMB!!!  The lyrics are deep, the beats are soulful.  You  can tell she put her heart in it.  The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill is all  that!!!  I borrowed it from a friend, and just purchased a copy for myself.   It's great!!!  You won't be disappointed.
B000000WFF|5.0|I love the Spice girls.This Cd will Spice up your life!All of them sing  their hearts out and they sound very spicey.They are 5 very talented girls  that prove and show girl power to anyone who will listen to thier music.Buy  this cd you wont regret it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000006NPY|4.0|I'm not a big pumkins fan.  To be truthful, I usually change the station  when one of their songs is playing.  I bought this album more on a whim  than anything else and it's really quite good.  It's more in the vein of a  Radiohead album than anything else.  In fact, I think the drum beat for one  of the songs may have been directly taken from Climbing up the Walls.  It's  really very good though.
B000002TP7|4.0|the best way to sum up ill communication is variety. On this album, the  beasties go back to their roots of punk rock, but also explore different  areas of music, like funk, and jazz. This album is more gangsta than any of  the previous albums (listen to &quot;Get it together and you'll understand.  Don't get me wrong, it's a great song) and i just felt i enjoyed albums  that were more interesting, like Paul's Boutique and their newest release,  Hello nasty. Still, this cd is excellent. The musical songs are the best,  especially &quot;flutterman's rule&quot;, and &quot;sabotage&quot; is just  plain irresistable. Yet the only hard core rap songs i enjoyed were  &quot;sure shot&quot;, &quot;get it together&quot;, and &quot;Do it&quot;.  This album proves to be worthwhile in buying most of all because you get to  hear the beasties expand their musical horizons to places they have never  gone before.
B00000163G|5.0|This is an album that all hip-hop fans are bound to appreciate. Pac's  lyrical skill and raw talent remain constant throughout, whilst the album  itself takes us through a whole series of moods and atmospheres, all  revolving around this untamed    artist and his world. A host of rap  heavyweights feature (Redman, Method Man, Snoop), adding dynamism to an  already potent piece of hip-hop artistry. There are tracks to suit all  tastes; with west coast as well as east coast flavours, hard as well as  upbeat tunes, in Pac's own inimitable style. Each track is the memorable  legacy  of an irreplacable rapper, and girls and guys alike will find  themselves drawn to this artist who, despite his critics and enemies,  blasted the world with his voice.
B000002VC3|5.0|One of the best (and most commercial)CD's of the Alan Parsons Project. On  this album one finds slow and up tempo songs. The one 's that stand out the  most in my opinion are &quot;Silence and I&quot; and &quot;Old and  Wise&quot;. Silence and I has a very good orchestral arrangement and I  think Colin Blunstone sings wonderfully on &quot;Old and Wise&quot;. The  only complaint I have is that the saxophone solo on Old and Wise should  have been a lot longer than it now is (so, Alan if you read this: please  change it!). Another favorite song is the titlesong: &quot;Eye in the  Sky&quot;. It really is a CD you will play on and on. It will never bore  you! So, if you are an Alan Parsons addict and you don't have this CD: buy  it as soon as possible; you are missing some of the best stuff the master  has made. If you haven't heard of Alan Parsons before: try it and i think  you will be buying more Alan Parsons CD's shortly.
0399143904|4.0|Again, Clancy brings current hi-tech gadets to bear to assist Clark and  Ding on a mulinational anti terrorist team.  Rainbow provides added depth  to both Clark and Chavez characters, shows a more humane side of both.  At  times the story boggs down in detail, typically Clancy.  Also, I found  myself wondering about situations that were far too long in explanation,  the story fragments.  However, overall, one of Clancy's best and a great  read!
0399143904|1.0|I used to be a big Clancy fan, but this book just turned me off. It was  poorly written, far too long, full of technical mistakes, and obviously  just a forum for Clancy's right wing extremist views. The good guys are  always perfect, and the bad guys are always inept; maybe in a comic book.  His portrayal of environmnentalists was so inaccurate and misleading that I  question his motives on this one. This was one of the worst books I've read  in years.  I wish I could get my money back on this one.
0679736646|5.0|If you want to prepare yourself for or just know what the  &quot;bardo's&quot; or afterlife is like then read this. The definitive  sci-fi &quot;book of the dead.&quot; The companion to &quot;The Three  Stigmata of Palmer Eldridge&quot; - both are the best examples of PKD's  reality shifting talent.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird is a great book about life in a small southern town  in 1935. It emphasises the extent of racism and how it affects every one. I  like how Harper Lee wrote with compassion about her characters.
0446605409|2.0|I'm a big fan of Demille and was extremely disappointed in his latest  book.  I quit the book half way through (something I rarely do).  I found  the main character to be obnoxious and the story line tedious.  I kept  waiting for something to happen...it never did.
0792151712|4.0|I didn't go to the theatre to drool about ol' Leo; I went to relive the  horror that passengers felt 86 yrs ago. I was so amazed by the special  effects! The acting was not outstanding (exept for the end) but the quality  of the film is outstanding! Though I do agree this should be rated 'R' for  the profanity and sexualality. Definitly a movie that you should watch  because this is something that really happened. In my point of view, James  Cameron was trying to let the world recognize TITANIC as a tragic, painful,  and memorable night, not only to the survivors but so that everyone could  see how a few hours can change your entire lives. If you are one who are  rating this movie a one or two star, you probably did not like the script,  but you have to admit, it is a sad thing right? See! tHAT'S Cameron's  point....to make us realize this is a tragic event. But all I'm trying to  say is that, it's really worth watching.     END
0684874350|5.0|From the first section of the first chapter the author had me.  What an  amazing story McCourt has told.  At times, as a reader, it was easy to  forget this was all true.  The book has brought a higher understanding to  me of what the human soul is capable of and the inocence of children.
067082187X|5.0|Albert Cohen's book is a book on love as Jesus would have written, should  he have had any such talent. It's an enlightening and exceptionaly touching  account of mutual conquest and destruction, embedded in clouds of wisdom  and insight on all aspects of life, religion and culture. It will secretly  whisper to your soul its slowly unraveling wisdom on the very few essential  things in life. It's a very noble and European-like piece of art and one of  mankind's greatest contributions to its struggle against death, as it will  stand out for ever.
B000006NPY|5.0|Adore is a pretty little album.  It has sort of a flow to it.  Any  Pumpkins fans that plan on buying this album, please keep an open mind  while listening.  OK, so it's not the Pumpkins that we are used to, but it  is very well written and beautifly done.  I definitely recommend it.  I was  shocked when I first heard it as well, but figured whatever Billy is doing,  it must be right for his band and his feelings.  PUMPKIN FAN 4  LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!
0802713319|5.0|This is the first math book I picked up since I left college with a M.Sc  in Math 23 years ago.  It reinvigorates my propensity towards mathematics.   Simon Singh has the thrill of drawing readers like me, who have left the  academic community and entered the commercial world for such a long time,  to rethink and substantiate our love of mathematics.  <br />The history part  of this book is particularly nostalgic to me when all the great names of  mathematician flash pages over pages.<br />Though this book does no discourse  the full proof of Fermat's Last Theorem (which I don't think it can in this  format), the picture of the first page of the proof appeared in the  illustration is enough for me to decide to pursue the complete script of  the final proof. I am very eager to apprehend the beauty of this great  piece of ART and own it.  Thanks to Simon's exhilerating book.
0440213525|4.0|This book started out good.  The middle was okay.  And the ending was stupid. <br /> To Grisham's credit, he did manage to portray an 11 year-old kid pretty accurately. Mark was constantly thinking back to TV and movies he has seen for advice.  <br /> I am a pretty big Grisham fan, but this is certainly not him at his best.  If you are looking for a good Grisham novel involving the mob then read The Firm. The Firm is my favorite Grisham novel (with A time to Kill being a close second). <br /> I would give The Client 3 and a half starts if I could.
0192827650|5.0|In the senior class of the &quot;Great Books&quot; program at the college  I attended, one of the weekly speakers asked how many of the women had read  Little Women.  Nearly all of the women in the class raised their hands.   Then she asked how many men had read it.  One man raised his hand - the  chair of the English department!  That was when I decided to read this  book, and it has become one of my all-time favorites!  I would recommend  this book to everyone - men and women, young or old.
068483605X|5.0|A truly wonderful book. One of my all-time favorites. It tells a tale of  friendship and courage, with a wonderful storyline. It can't get any better  than this!
B000006UD8|5.0|This is perhaps one of the best-sounding CDs I have ever heard.  I grew up  on the album, and, in fact, went through 2 copies.  Thus, I thought I knew  it pretty well.  The first CD version of the original album was 1 of my  first CDs, but it rather disappointed me as it was not much of an  improvement on the original album, if at all.  This re-issue, however, goes  way beyond just remastering.  The remixes on Disc 1 bring out the interplay  of guitar and organ like you've never heard it before, in effect making the  songs new again.  Drums and bass are both given resounding punch, and the  vocals will move you.  The overall sound is cleaner and crisper than ever,  yet not to the point of being sterile.  You can really feel the emotion and  tension in that Swiss hotel-made-studio, I swear.  Disc 2 is the original  album, beautifully remastered for CD.  This one will always be in my  Most-Played rack.  It's a model for re-issues.
B000002HMH|5.0|I am a major major MetalliFan! I love every song they ever wrote and all  the songs they have covered! Most of the music on this album is not as fast  as their older shtuff, but it is awesome and still has plenty of super-heat  in it. And, what's more, they really crank up their guitars along with  extra distortion at times--making this their Heavist album. I can  definitely not say that Metallica has a best album, because everything they  have done is equally AWESOME. No matter what they do Metallica IS the BEST  band of all time!<br />This album has 6 (six) songs that have been played on  the radio: Ain't My B****, Until It Sleeps, King Nothing, Hero of the Day,  Bleeding Me, and (once heard)Wasting My Hate.  Every single song on this  album, though is worthy of multi-platinum status by themselves (each). 2 X  4 is a totally fun thrashing song. The Outlaw Torn is a little slower in  parts, but is such cool-awesome JAM! The House that Jack Built, The Cure,  Poor Twisted Me, Thorn Within, and Ronnie are way out there and better than  any of that alternative shtuff they have on the radio! Mama Said is  touching and totally excellent!!
0345350499|5.0|Marion Zimmer Bradley has got to be my favorite author. The hate, the love, and the compassion shown through the eyes of Morgaine really got me thinking of how women were of little signifigance at the time. I cried, I rejoiced, I resented. The character I hated the most was Gwen. What a bitch! To lead Arthur to betray everything he has been faithful to. I wanted to kill the frail a** ****! I recommend this book to anyone who is willing enough to witness a magical story through the eyes of the unimportant.
B0000024JN|5.0|How could you claim to know music and not own this album-- if it didn't  open doors then I don't know what did.  If Led Zeppelin kicked open the  doors to heavy metal with Led Zeppelin One-- then the Beastie Boys kicked  open the doors for rap to hit white suburbia with this album.  People  always said it was the producer that created this album but you can plainly  see that without the Beastie Boys, Rick Rubin would have had nothing.   &quot;She's Crafty&quot; is superb and &quot;Paul Revere&quot; is probably  one of the greatest rap songs ever.
B0000004V2|5.0|Casting back to 1989, it seems strange not to remember the exact moment  this album first enchanted the ears. Today, of course, it's a  permanent fixture of my musical conscience. It touches places  in the heart you never knew existed, and the way it speaks to so many  different emotions is almost frightening. Some of the best music  communicates what we already know. Then there is music that changes the way  we listen to music--forever. This record is both. On first  listen, these songs probably won't strike you as original or  ground-breaking. The Byrds done by four lads from Manchester? Well, watch your back. Every song here is a fierce grower.  Squire's guitar always works in service of the tune. His sense of  melody is flawless. Even Brown's modest voice announces itself with utter  confidence. Ultimately, though, it's Reni's crisp, shuffled beats that make  it all so distintive--like a jazz drummer who happened upon a rock band  rehearsal, then folded it all together with effortless style.  This self-titled debut is endlessly fascinating, unfailingly engaging. The  towering singles--\\"She Bangs The Drums,\\" \\"Elephant  Stone,\\" \\"Fool's Gold\\"--are all here, but so are the  heaven-sent \\"Don't Stop\\" and \\"My Sugar-Spun Sister.\\" If you've always been cynical of the hype surrounding British bands this could  change your mind forever. Only hearts of stone will fail to be moved.
0399143904|3.0|I have read all of Clancy's novels and I am a fan of his - but.  With  Rainbow six, the plot is big but has flaws that cannot be justified.  The  ending does not fit with our present day society.  After the FBI/CIA reads  a person his rights, they do not allow them to be carted off and left to  die in the jungle without severe repercussions.  Also a group of people  that are able to put together a multi-billion dollar  company and put  together this plot over time against multiple governments would not make so  many foolish mistakes or only have one delivery system.  Not believable.   Good reading but a C grade for a usual A writer.
B000000I0Q|5.0|Sounding like a lost Genesis album that would fit quite nicely between  Foxtrot and Selling England By The Pound (musically), the real mind-boggler  here is the fact that no one deemed this material appropriate for a Genesis  album. Gushing with mellotrons, haunting Hackett guitar wailings, and even  featuring two other Genesis members (Collins and Rutherford), most of this  stuff blows away anything on the subsequent Genesis album A Trick Of The  Tail. Go figure...
1570425671|5.0|I've been trying to get my husband to read Sedaris ever since I read  Barrell Fever. So I bought the cassette of Holidays and played it on a long  road trip- he was hooked by the end- nothing can compare to his ascerbic  wit- when David is upset that his sister has brought Dinah home- because  she is a whore- the mom decides to offer her booze in alphabetical order.  Christmas means giving is as Swifitan look at yupppie greed styles.The  reviews of Xmas pagents smarts! And one will never look at mall santas the  same after hearing of his experiences-- I always laugh so hard I cry when  reading or listening to David...
B0000009UX|4.0|The true test of good Costello is ... do you find the songs running  through your head hours later?  With this album, I find one whole side  buzzing in my head - the second.  (In CD land where there is no sides, this  means songs 8 and up).  &quot;Pidgin English&quot; has one line that slides  so gracefully over one held synthsizer note that it's unforgettable.  You'll know what I mean when you come to it.  Keeping the songs short, yet  substantial, Costello works as if he were writing for 78's, and the sound  resembles that somewhat.  Lots of piano.  Yet not really nostalgic either.  I don't find the first side as compelling, and yet &quot;And In Every  Home&quot; is so charming that it almost redeems it.  Timneless All in all,  this is the one Costello album with an infinite Sell By date.
0670880728|4.0|At first this book was as enjoyable a read as Anne Frank's educatiionally  assigned diary. In other words, the first 1/3 of this book was like root  canal. As a man with old fashioned type values I take no pleasure in the  private sordid sexual obsessions of an immature, narcisist like Bridget  Jones. Initials are BJ, if you don't get the drift ask Ms. Lewinsky. I was  surprized and satisfied as the book began to take shape with maturing plot  lines, particularly the developing relationship between Jones and Mark, as  well as the devolution of her parent's relationship. Until the point that  the plots started to materialize the book had been leaving me empty, a mere  torture to listen this self absorbed neurotic's ravings. All turned out  well in the end, and I am glad I stayed with it. However, I think it will  be another 15 years before I read another young woman's diary.
0060174900|5.0|After reading this book you start wondering why did it get your attention  like that. You feel you're in the very same skin of Esther Greenwood, going  through the Asylum paths, seeing all your friends drown in the distance.  It'll definitely influence you in some way, it might be a good way as well  as it might be a bad way, whatever your mind tells you. And that's why it's  five stars.
B000002HD5|5.0|Muscially and lyrically this album is a classic. Listening to this album  in one sitting is a truly powerful experience as the songs feed off each  other and by the end you are really pumped up. The lyrics are painfully  honest and may be a downer for some, but this is counteracted by the music  which flat out WAILS!!  This is an album you will listen to over and over.
B000002UAO|5.0|This is the first 'new' Beatles album. As from this album, they were a  studio group, that would take the music on an never seen before journey,  ending with Abbey Road.<br />There are some perfect ballads on it... in my  life, girl. Lennon shows here he is one of the greatest authors rock music  has ever known.<br />Bob
B00000ADG2|3.0|It's not bad for a first album. I would have given it 4 stars if the  interludes were separate tracks and not tacked on at the end of songs.  The  only thing in common with other Refugee albums is the positive message.    The music is averge. I think some of the beats were even partially sampled  from some of Wu-tang's songs.  Although the music is average, the lyrics  and Lauryn's lovely voice aren't. Most of the songs are a nice blend of rap  and vocals. I think the best songs are: (track 2)Lost Ones, (5)Doo Wop  (That Thing), (6)Superstar, (10)Forgive Them Father, (11)Every Ghetto,Every  City, (13)Everything is Everything, (15)Bonus track.        If you like  Lauryn's voice and songs like Killing Me Softly, you'll definitely like  this album.
0140177396|4.0|I was reading cambridge histories of China when I was 11, but literary  &quot;classics&quot; had never impressed me. (Although I've liked  &quot;classic&quot; poems &amp; short stories for years.) This was good  &amp; the ending was sad, but made sense. It was even foreshadowed. If you  think this should've had a happy ending stick with TV sitcoms or kids  books. If anyone else knows of a &quot;classic&quot; this readable I'd love  to hear about it.
B000002LKF|5.0|This 1990 CD is a worthy successor to Simon's Graceland. He continues his  explorations into world music and proves that his songwriting grows only  more refined with age. Although &quot;The Obvious Child&quot; enjoyed the  most radio airplay, &quot;The Coast&quot; (dedicated to poet Derek Walcott)  is the album's best song. Many of the selections show Simon's new musical  direction, while others, such as &quot;Born at the Right Time&quot; feel  familiar and classic, as if they were written during the heyday of Simon  &amp; Garfunkel.
B000001F27|3.0|This was one of the first albums I ever bought, and re-purchasing it  (which says something) on CD gave me the chance to re-evaluate it.  The  bottom line is that some of the songs are great (I Surrender, Spotlight  Kid, Vielleicht, Can't Happen Here and Beethoven's 9th - Difficult to  Cure), some huge lows (Magic) and some very middling stuff (Midtown Tunnel  Vision, Freedom Fighter).  Probably the weakest of all the Blackmore/Lynn  Turner collaborations.  All in all, if you are new to Rainbow get another  album (e.g., Rising)
B000002G7G|5.0|While their debut album, Velvet Underground &amp;  Nico, may get more attention, the one I still listen to today is their  third, self-titled album. Gone was the noise, leaving nothing but Lou's  &quot;sensitive&quot; side. The lyrics are both gritty and poignant.  Considering the highlight of the second album (White Light/White Heat) was  a 17-minute two-chord noise jam about a twisted New York S&amp;M party, the  stark beauty of songs like &quot;Pale Blue Eyes,&quot; &quot;Candy  Says,&quot; and &quot;Jesus&quot; is almost shocking.  They also throw in  some pretty straightforward pop/rock (&quot;What Goes On&quot;) and some  nifty guitar work (&quot;Some Kinda Love&quot;).  Other than &quot;The  Murder Mystery,&quot; an experimental narrative-type piece which doesn't  entirely work, this is an album you can play for people who might otherwise  be too afraid to check out the Velvets.
B000005AYM|5.0|B-A-D-U.. and i'm feeling all the Izm she sends my may.  The  self-proclaimed midwife to the future of hip hop this takes the genre to  places that many of us never knew existed in this day of female MC's  spouting about expensive clothes, fancy cars, random sex, and 'shakin they  a** half-naked'.  Although the mesmerizing woofer-shaking beats do get  slightly repetitive if you listen to the CD on repeat more than 8 times,  the message always comes  through loud and clear Ms. Badu's sultry alto.   One warning through, you may want to pull down the Bass response on your  system before playing anything past track 1....
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt is a true story teller.  While reading this I kept thinking  about how this child grew up to become a teacher, then a writer.  I found  that to be truly amazing.
B000007SPT|5.0|Whew...As a Cocteau Twins fan, I became very interested in the 4AD label -  first intrigued by the album art courtesy 23 Envelope!  The Cocs, with many  others, were on this first Mortal Coil album, so I cleared my schedule and  plugged in my new headphones. Wow.  The textures.  The emotions. My throat  was a lump throughout, and Liz Fraser's Version of Buckley's &quot;Song to  the Siren&quot; will haunt forever...
B00000ADG2|5.0|Ms. Lauryn Hill has made a groundbreaking album that lifts hip hop and  soul to new heights.  With the  Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, the queen  of today's soul is crowned.  This record recalls the glory days of R&amp;B  when Aretha was queen and Stevie, Marvin, and Bob were the kings of her  court.  Lauryn pushes the envelope of rap, hip hop, and soul by  re-inventing old school and letting the listeners discover it in a new way.   This is a record that you hear in your gut.  This is a record that goes  deep.  Ms. Hill has created a record that should be heard.  Lauryn paints  vivid and moving pictures with her intelligent lyrics and grooving beats.   Standout tracks were Superstar, Forgive Them Father, Everything is  Everything, and the secret track The Sweetest Thing.  Superstar is a  masterpiece.  It opens with a tight reggae riff reminiscent of Marley and  then settles into a taut groove where Lauryn invites, &quot;Come on baby  light my fire.&quot;  Catch this album and tell your friends about it.  The  Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, one of the defining albums of the 90's.
B000000W5L|5.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  As someone who grew up with a barrage of Stones tunes  on classic rock radio, I don't have a whole lot of interest in their  Sixties-era output (best captured on the Hot Rocks collection), however  great and timeless it may be. Nor do I see much merit in their  occasionally-ok-but-largely-irrelevant output since the mid-70's. But  tucked right in the middle was a brief shining moment of glory that still  winds up in my cd player on a regular basis. Although the Stones, more so  even than the Beatles and the Kinks, had their origins in Anglicized  American R&amp;B music, it was not until Exile (or maybe the  nearly-as-great predecessor Sticky Fingers) that the Stones really sounded  like an American blues band, free of the lightweight pop that balanced  their harder edges in the earlier years. This made for solid, authentic  music that holds up even better today than it did twenty-five years ago.  Add to the mix guitarist Mick Taylor (who joined with Sticky Fingers),  whose guitar duels with Keith Richards made this the most interesting  period in the Stones' career, and you've got some unbelievable music. From  the opening notes of &quot;Rocks Off,&quot; you can tell that the Stones  have come up with a monster, an all-out assault of guitars and dueling  vocals (not to mention one of the most definitive rock &amp; roll lyrics of  the last thirty years: &quot;The sunshine bores the daylights out of  me&quot;). From there on, it's a flood of great songs, from killer rock  &amp; roll (the Richards-sung rave-up &quot;Happy,&quot; the sweetly  melodic &quot;All Down the Line&quot;) to quiet roots rock to Americanized  R&amp;B boogie. Not to mention &quot;Tumbling Dice,&quot; hands-down the  best Stones song in their thirty-year-plus history.
0780622553|5.0|More props to Alex Proyas for his direction of this chilling fairy tale.   It has already become my favorite sci-fi story, because of the great  writing and artistic nature of the film. From a technical POV, the filming  was incredible with sweeping city shots, fantastic cuts made in the editing  room, and wonderful set design.  No more can be said about this film than  &quot;Wow!&quot;<br />You must see it - you won't be disappointed.     END
1563523302|5.0|I am sick of seeing people downrate this book because they think people  cannot save money and enjoy life at the same time. If people require  excessive spending to make life enjoyable and meaningful that tells  something very sad about our society. This book tells how you can become  wealthy by living below your means, not by living like a pauper. That means  a 2 year old Accord instead of a new Mercedes, not driving in some old   wreck. Or not buying a $450,000 house just because you qualify for the  loan. Spending more doesn't necessarily make you happier, just poorer.
0670880728|1.0|Call me crazy but i didn't get this one.  i am in my late twenties and  dont see marriage in the near  (or distant, for that matter) future so i  thought id be able to relate to this one.  Boy was I wrong!  By the end of  the novel I wanted to strangle Bridget AND the author.  Ive never read of a  more pathetic existence.  I kept thinking that the &quot;main idea&quot;  (think English class 8th grade) was that without a man, youre nothing.  Do  all of the readers who LOVED this one agree with that?  that all women  think about is men and calories?  get real!  the one thing this book did  for me was make me feel good about myself becuase i DONT worry about those  things constantly.  If women genuinely resonated with  this one, we've got  some prioritizing to do.
B000003S09|5.0|hi there! i listened to this album just by accident; a friend of mine  bought it and i went to borrow some albums and took this. anyways, this  5-song piece is purely one of the best albums ever in any kind of music,  and in the middle of it is my very favorite song of all,  &quot;epitaph&quot;. you just can't go wrong with this sweet, deep, strong  and genius masterpiece by king crimson. i'd give it 6 stars if i could.
0684135051|5.0|This is the best knitting book I've seen. Besides challenging knitters to  go beyond the basics of published patterns, Zimmerman provides a large  helping of her unique attitude and way of  describing things. She has a  very distinctive &quot;voice&quot; in this book (and all her other books).  I think of her as the M.F.K. Fisher of knitting. This book is both  informative and funny. I hope other knitters who read this will forgive my  casual one-line above, but that's the best and quickest thing I can think  of to say about her style. I think anyone who reads this book would be  inspired to learn to knit.
0399143904|5.0|This book, featuring Clark and Ding running an anti-terroist unit, takes  on the environmental wacko extremists. It is also a primer on how we should  be taking on the other extremist groups that are blowing up our embassies  and threatening our citizens.
0062502182|5.0|this book is so fantastic,it conspired to help me reinvent myself.PLEASE  read this book.
B000002GXJ|5.0|This is one of the best records I have ever heard, and one of the very  few, in my opinion, that truly deserves a top rating. This album is filled  to the point of overflowing with some of the greatest songs the Eagles have  made, among them such hits as &quot;Hotel California&quot;, &quot;New Kid  in Town&quot; and a tremendously powerful live version of &quot;Take It To  The Limit&quot;, which far surpasses the original album recording. You will  not find one weak track on this album (and that's a rare thing), but you  will find a lot of great guitar work and a wonderful mixture of quiet  ballads and driving rock songs. The sound is also great for a live album  (okay, it was doctored in a studio afterwards, and so what?) This is every  bit as good as any &quot;regular&quot; greatest hits package, and better  than some.
6304913176|5.0|What would StarWars look like if we saw it all from a  (Empire)StormTrooper's point of view ? Thats Starship Troopers. It's good,  it's fun (I especially liked the Federal Network parts. Nice touch)and the  special effects are amazing. I saw the movie big screen and when it hit's  the video marked i will buy it too. (Happens sept. 3. btw) So if you like  SF-movies, rent or buy it !  END
0399143904|4.0|good plot it kept me reading. i like recurring characters. the ending in  some respects was not like his usual. before you always wondered what's  going to happen next.
0486278077|5.0|this novel contains beauty, eloquence, wit, intelligence, truth, and  everything else desirable in literature. yet one does not have to read it  with regards to its value as a literary work or be conscious of the  scandalous mark it has left as every AP english teacher in the country  insists that a student should do. it is simply a marvelous thing to read,  and it is what got me &quot;hooked&quot; on oscar wilde.
0440224764|5.0|This was one of Grisham's best written novels so far. It was difficult to  put down. I was cheering for Patrick due to his long patient planning and  fantasized of his future life. However, I agree with others that the ending  was very disappointing. It actually made me very upset. Otherwise, a great  read.
0899662439|5.0|I absolutely love the book and the movie.  I was so sad when both were  over.  Throughout the book, I was wishing Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy to get  together.  He was so wonderful.  It was so much fun to see the ways that  they both developed as people and how Mr. Darcy finally came around to  being a decent guy.  I just fell in love with him, right along with  Elizabeth.  In the BBC version of the novel, the adorable Colin Firth plays  Darct to a tee.  He was exactly the way I imagined him to be.  And, of  course there's the sweet and stubborn Elizabeth, whom I really enjoyed.  Overall, if you haven't read the book by now -- go get a copy!!
0380018179|5.0|Anyone who loves a good old romantic saga should read this book.  You go  through so many emotions while reading this book.  I could not put it down  and I cried all the way through it.  Even though I am only 16, I know what  a good book is and this one is great.  Everyone should read this book and  watch the miniseries.
0399143904|1.0|This will be the last Clancy book I buy.  Now, Tom's been heading downhill  since Clear and Present Danger, but this is by far his worst work and  perhaps the worst novel I have ever read.  The plot is thin and repititive.   The supposed &quot;climax&quot; of the book seems almost an afterthought.   The dialogue is pathetic and the characters fill typical racial and ethnic  stereotypes.  Just try saying a few lines of dialogue out loud and you'll  realize how silly you sound.  No one talks like this.  Ever since Debt of  Honor, Clancy's right-wing political views have kidnapped his writing (with  the exception of Without Remorse).  In fact, I was very much looking  forward to the next novel featuring John Clark -- Clancy did an admirable  job in developing Jack Ryan's alter ego in Without Remorse.  But Rainbox  Six was sadly disappointing.
B000002BQK|1.0|Critical reviews of this CD tempted me to buy it.  I saw Mariah perform  &quot;My All&quot; on Saturday Night Live and it blew me away.  I had to  have the CD.<br />I was thrilled to hear it again.  That was the last thrill I  got.  Each and every other song on the CD was boring, boring, boring.  One  sounds like the next and Mariah's voice is hard to distinguish from her  backup singers.<br />I should have bought the single and saved a few  bucks!<br />Mariah, please lift your voice and sing with that angelic voice of  your previous works.
0792151720|4.0|Say what you will, but there is no denying that this film pushes all the  right buttons for your average movie goer:  attractive leads, forbidden  romance and men and women struggling against the odds to survive.  By films  end you are both exhilarated and emotionally exhausted.<br />Still, this is by  no means a flawless film.  There's some painful dialogue, more than a few  CG shots that are so painfully and obviously CG (the flyover from bow to  stern was overly ambitious and looks awful with clearly animated people  strolling the deck) and the director seems to take a few liberties with  history.  From a dramatic point of view, &quot;A Night to Remember&quot; is  a far better film.<br />But why quibble.  Titanic earned and deserved the  nomination it received for best picture, if not the award itself. Titanic  proves that Hollywood can still churn out a film the way they used to with  lavish sets(a full scale Titanic, no less), costumes and an appealing  cast.<br />Definately worth owning on VHS, LD or DVD.  If you don't get the  widescreen version you're literally missing the big picture.     END
B000000H48|4.0|King does it again!!  A gripping story and great music as well.  The tale  ends in a most surprizing way, and the music is arranged to near  perfection.  As always King gives it his all in the vocal department with  dozens of distinct voices and, at least, 5 distinct charachters ( including  female voices ).  Not much else that he's produced has come close to this  album.
B000002GOZ|3.0|The sound quality of this albulm is good, but the selection of songs is  not good. If you are looking for more powerful performance, buy the Live !  Live ! albulm !
B000002UKS|5.0|This is an excelent follow up for they're first album. I can't even decide  which one I like the most, but one thing I know for sure: they're both  great. It's like a new style of making music. It's like Hard Pop Rock or  something and it's doing just fine. It's a little disapointing for all  those Nirvana fans who were expecting the Foo Fighters to be the next  Nirvana, but they're not. One thing is certain: Foo Fighters Rule!!!
B0000062W7|5.0|This is one of the bands that followed KoRn steps in the new metal scene.  Adrenaline was great but this album is far better. I love it's angry riffs  and the song with Max Cavalera is awesome. If like the heavy scene you'll  love this one. 21st century metal I say...
B00000ADG2|5.0|I really enjoy listening to sound of Lauryn Hill, this album truly is a  beautiful collection of food for the soul and thought songs. She represents  for everyone, no matter if you're a person in love, or you just wanna here  same rough battlin' lyrics she covers all 4 corners of the map...Hopefully  we'll here more from Lauryn in the years to come....Keep up the good  work!!!
6304498969|5.0|The sound quality is very good. The image is vivid and clear.The  performance is outstanding. This title shows people the power of DVD! Best  value for the money you can buy !     END
B00000ADG2|5.0|I really enjoy listening to sound of Lauryn Hill, this album truly is a  beautiful collection of songs for the soul and food for thought. She  represents for everyone, no matter if you're a person in love, or you just  wanna here same rough battlin' lyrics, Lauryn covers all 4 corners of the  map..Plus she lets you know that her oneness is with the creator and her  creation..Hopefully we'll here more from Lauryn in the years to  come....Keep up the good work!!! Salaam!!!!
B000002AT6|5.0|This soundtrack has to be one of the most moving soundtracks I have ever  listened to (and I have listened to a lot because I collect them!)  Even if  you haven't seen the moving, just listening to &quot;Samuel's Death&quot;  will move you to tears.  Kudos to James Horner for a job well done!
B000002KDO|5.0|The best sabbath  album without doubt, this has no clunkers except the  very out-of-place 'solitude' and the mucho overplayed 'sweet leaf'(which  isn't really bad, just overly familiar). The only thing that puzzles me is  that 'dehumanizer' got better reviews than this classic. What gives?
B000001EMW|4.0|I had no idea what to expect when I bought this, but being a die-hard  Metallifuk I had to see what it had to offer.  Man was I surprised!  The  arrangements of the songs on this album really hightlight the incredible  song writing tallents that METALLICA posseses.  Some of the songs actually  sound like they were written for the cello, and most of the others are well  adapted to this instrument.  If you want to hear the music behind METALLICA  then this is the album for you; no lyrics to interfere (although one of the  cellos does follow the vocal line in each song), no drums, nothing but the  music.  I applaud APOCALYPTICA's work.
B000002KET|4.0|One of the band's most popular, but not on the level of their debut, or  'paranoid', or 'master of reality'. Still rocks and is a hell of a lot  better than all the stuff after ozzy quit. The best tracks are 'who are  you', 'looking for today', and 'killing yourself to live'. A must have for  Sabbath fans.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead's OK Computer is one of the best CDs I have ever listened to!!  It can put you to sleep... or make you want to mosh.. sometimes even in the  same song!  Thom Yorke's voice is hypnotizing and beautiful.  A must have  for anyone who liked the Bends and Pablo Honey!!!
B000002LRX|5.0|This is, without doubt, the greatest of Faith No More's impressive  repertoire. Never does this album go wrong. The best tracks are 'MidLife  Crisis', 'Everything's Ruined', 'Kindergarten', 'Be Agressive', and 'A  Small Victory'. Buy this CD. You will not be disappointed.
B000005JKS|4.0|I like &quot;Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence&quot;. I love  &quot;Beauty&quot;. This CD is a more natural and earthy rendition of  Sakamoto's talent. A colleague from Kyushu recognised an Okinawan folksong  on one of the tracks. Sakamoto combines great technical work with authentic  elements to produce a work of art, and a thing of &quot;Beauty&quot;.
B000002J09|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums ever made and every song is excellent.  If you don't like 'Stairway to Heaven' there's something wrong with you.  'Misty Mountain Hop' and 'The Battle of Evermore' are epic tracks as well.  I could not overstress how good this CD is. Buy it.
0517702967|4.0|Reading Ken Follet is always a pleasure, and The Third Twin is no  exception. It is fast-paced, well researched and innovative, making a  far-fetched story seem very credible. As all his novels, this includes a  bright female hero and a romance with the lead male character, in this case  one of several VERY similar young men. So similar, in fact, that she is  mistaken, and her confusion leads her to explore a mystery so secret, so  controversial that only Ken Follet could have dreamed it up. Enjoy!
B000002NG7|4.0|Forget king for a day, this is Faith No More. That had to be another group  playing on that other album. This album rocks, especially 'Last Cup Of  Sorrow' and 'Ashes To Ashes'. If you bought king for a day and were  disappointed, give them another chance with this CD, their second best.  (after Angel Dust)
B000002KHH|5.0|This surely is one of the best metal albums.It has everything:ozzy's great  vocals,monumental guitar riffs and the greatest bass player I've ever  heard.Every metal fan should have it.
B000002KE2|5.0|This is a great album, and a must-have for metal enthusiasts. 'Wheels of  Confusion/The Straightener' is a killer track that deserves a lot more  recognition, and 'Supernaut' is my personal favorite sabbath song.  'Snowblind', 'St. Vitus' Dance', and 'Under the Sun' are also top sabbath.  But beware 'Changes'.
B0000024SI|5.0|My short, concise review of &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot;: Positively  the best rock album ever made. Sorry, Beatles. Sorry, Stones. This is it.
B000002LUB|1.0|this is the most blatantly awful piece of crap to soil the black sabbath  name. the only halfway decent release since ozzy left the group was heaven  and hell, but this takes the cake as their worst, with no redeeming points.
630463949X|4.0|This is one of my favorite DVD's. Listening to all of Fleetwood Mac's hits  with the video as well as the sound, is perfect! Good Disc to show off to  your friends, Very Good!     END
B000002MU3|5.0|Self-proclaimed &quot;fans&quot; may not like &quot;Monster&quot; simply  because the band says it isn't one of their best, or perhaps they're not  willing to accept the fact that R.E.M. is wonderful in more than one area.  In any case, an artist is hardly ever the best jugde of their own work, and  &quot;Monster&quot; is probably R.E.M.'s third or fourth best album  all-around. Not to say &quot;Automatic For The People&quot; was not a good  album, but many of the songs on it had the same basic sound, which gets a  bit boring by the end. &quot;Monster&quot; is much more upbeat and  alternative than &quot;Automatic&quot;, but the reason it's better is that  it never gets boring. Each song adds to the album in one way or another,  except for the almost annoying track &quot;Tongue&quot;.
B0000039QA|2.0|This album was nothing near his first.  The Puff Daddy influence killed  this album.  Life After Death sampled too many catch songs and stole too  much lyrics to become a classic.
1573225517|5.0|Hornby has written a book that captures the essence of being single and  thirtysomething.  The main character, Rob, expresses his hopes, fears and  desires, to us, but like many men, he does not express those things to  others, especially to Laura.  As I was reading the text I was not always  sure if I was reading a novel or an emotional biography of my own life.   This is one of those few books that when I was finished reading it, I  continued to think about the characters, as if they were real and living  real lives somewhere else.  This book is a must read for any guy who is  thirtysomething and single.
0151001820|3.0|If you love mysteries and old books, as I do, this story will hook you  from the start.  Perez-Reverte puts his research about Dumas, the occult  and rare book buyers to good use.  Unfortunately, if you take away these  interesting tidbits, the weaknesses in the plot and main characters becomes  apparent.  I read with enjoyment and willingly suspended disbelief until  the main character's &quot;love affair&quot; with the mysterious young  woman.  Even then the book remained readable.  But the last chapter was so  bad I almost wish I had not finished the book, or that I had reread The  Name of the Rose instead.
0399143904|1.0|While the book is well written, its plot is so far-fetched that no matter  how good the details (and they are good) I was never able to filter out the  voice in the back of my head that kept saying &quot;This is really  stupid!&quot;.
0713717068|5.0|I enjoyed this book.  I found it pleasant to read while giving thorough  coverage to the three main styles of solid body guitar construction (bolt  on neck, glued in neck, and neck-through-body).  After the introductory  chapters, a guitar of each of these styles is built from start to finish in  separate chapters.  These serve as an excellent example of the unique  features of each of the three designs.  The author spends considerable  effort to point out strengths and weaknesses in well known designs from the  major manufacturers.  This is presented to help the reader in the design  phase.  He also covers the critical relationship between neck angle and  bridge height more thoroughly than I have seen in any other book. Despite  the title, this book covers only SOLID body guitar and bass construction.   No coverage is given to archtop or hollow body electric guitar styles.
B000006NPY|5.0|The people that don't like Adore probably listened to it once and threw it  away. No, it's not Gish. It's not SD. It's not MCIS. It's Adore, darn it,  and that's how it should be. It's sad that people always say they want  something new but expect something exactly the same. Adore lacks the  Big-Muff power of the former albums, but that's the beauty of it. Buy the  vinyl version of it if you can. It's retailed for $17.99. It's a special  mono mix, which really accentuates the album's soft sound and brings out  parts that normally aren't heard on the CD.
B000001IQH|5.0|If you like ska, punk, and reggae, this cd is for you. It's possibly the  best i've ever heard of rancid, to the upbeat ska tempo of &quot;time  bomb&quot; to the downright punk rock of &quot;listed MIA&quot;. Rancid has  a passion for punk rock that is becoming more and more scarce these days,  and this album echoes The Clash more than anything I've heard. They sing of  when punk rock was all they had on &quot;journey to the end of the East  bay&quot;. I dare you not to sing the NYC themed chorus on &quot;Olympia,  WA&quot;. All in all , this cd will live on forever
0345347951|4.0|I was reading Roger Ebert's review of 2001 &amp; he was gleefully saying  how it must've confused the heck out of Clarke. After reading this I'm not  so sure. The ending of this ,especially, is every bit as surreal as that  movie. The Clarke works I've read surprise me by advocating space travel,  but not really seeing it as particularly meaningful or important. In  general the Clarke works I've read ,including this one, go like this  Atheism is celebrated in a way I find annoyingly preachy, man goes into  space finds it wonderful, eventually space conquest doesn't seem like  enough, ends with an understanding of people's need to believe in something  a sort-of mystic atheism. If you're a non-atheist like me stick with  Clarke's stuff because it's usually more even-handed than it seems at  first. This book isn't really &quot;New Age&quot; since he was taking ideas  from religions as old as the judaeo-Christian religions. One last thing  I've noticed Earth Final Conflict is taking ideas from this book &amp;  putting it's own lame spin on it. Oh well I guess imitation's the sincerest  form of flattery, by the way ideas expressed in Clarke's stories don't  necessarily represent him.
6304432453|5.0|I'm glad to see I'm not the only one who loved this movie, I own it and I  own very few movies (I can count them on one hand).  Went to see it on  opening night in October of 96 and the theater was half empty.  The critics  hated it I believe it is because it appeals to a fairly narrow audience.  The premise is quite intriguing and the actors are very well cast. This is  a unique movie, it is hard to compare to others so that the new viewer can  determine if they would like it. Some scenes are  disturbing without being  gory (one murder scene in particular). This is definitely not a movie for  the under 16 crowd, but if you like 'thinking man's' sci-fi such as  Gattaca, some James Cameron movies (Terminator, Aliens, but EXCLUDING  Titanic) and other cult favorites like Point Break (also directed by  Katherine Bigelow), The Crow, The Doors, even the first Predator movie, you  may like this. The soundtrack is also particularly good for those who have  widely varying tastes. It has alternative, gangsta rap, even new age  flavors.  END
B000003S2K|2.0|OK, so this is the first of the ambient albums that helped to spawn the  whole New Age nightmare.  It's OK to study to, but don't try to actually  *listen* to it, because you'll be bored to tears.  Or at least I was.  I  don't know what the big deal is about this album.  Take a really basic  sound pattern made up of just a few notes, throw in some tape loops and  build upon it ad nausem, and you've got ambient music.  Me, I prefer actual  songs.  Give me &quot;Another Green World&quot; over this any day.
0194314219|5.0|A.S. Hornby's dictionary is so clear and easy to use.  I think it's the  best English dictionary out there for anybody who want to learn English.   Especially this edition is so good for advanced learners of English.  I  highly recommend this one.  They come with many different kind of cover:  flexicover, paperback, hardback and lamented boards. I own a flexicover  edition and I just love it.
0140072187|5.0|I first read this book many years ago and am about to buy it for the third  time!  It is an insight into one man's extraordinary experiences in SE Asia  and is one of the few books I look forward to re-visiting every few years.   I'm a Private Pilot and love the descriptions of actually flying a Huey,  they are as vivid as the story itself.  You'll feel as if you know how to  fly a chopper yourself.  Just read it!
B000002GYR|5.0|This is one of my three most respected and loved albums. Tom Waits is  ranked, in my opinion, as one of the three unsurpassed poet musicians of  our time or the times before.  'Closing Time' was played for me every night  while I remained in a coma from a motorcycle accident in October of 96.   <br />'Martha', for me, plays/pays a tribute to my first love.  'I Hope That I  Don't Fall in Love With You' sings the song that represents the beginning  of my present day relationship with my girlfriend and the second &quot;new  love of my life&quot;.  'Ice Cream Man' is a nice break in the potential  seriousness of the album and 'Ol' sings, to me, the story of life.  <br />Tom  Waits along with Bob Dylan and Jewel, have played a key roll in my recovery  from what I hope is the most trying time in my life.  'Closing Time' is a  must for those reaching a &quot;cross-roads&quot; in their life, or who  just want to here a fabulous poet, singer, muscian.....etc... openly  display his talents for all to hear.<br />Love it!
B000002NHN|5.0|I was lured into buying this cd after I saw the review of it on CNN. I  really didn't expect much out of it, but after I listened to it the whole  way through, I instantly fell in love with it. It is mysterious, yet  relaxing. In &quot;The Mummers' Dance,&quot; I can feel myself walking  through a warm, green forest. In &quot;Skellig,&quot; I can feel myself  standing on the coast of Ireland, listening to the waves. &quot;The  Highwayman&quot; blew me away completely with its chilling, heart racing  tale. And in &quot;Night Ride Across the Caucasus&quot; I can feel myself  galloping widly into the cold night. This is a wonderful album!
0194314227|5.0|If you want to find out what a word mean, buy it.  It won't make you go  find the meaning of five other words in one definition.  I have a  Meriam-Webster Dictionary and it is really difficult for me to understand  why they make it so hard to understand a concept that A.S. Hornby can  explain clearly in a few words.  That's a genious'work.  Buy it.
0393316041|5.0|Everyone should read this book!  Even though I was familiar with Mr.  Feynman, I had to continually keep reminding myself that this person was  real, and that this was not some fictional character!<br />If you've read  &quot;The Mad Scientists Club&quot; (which is indeed fiction), you'll  appreciate this grown-up and 'for real!' book.<br />Intel's Andy Grove has  nothing on Feynman when it comes to 'Balance', as this book so humorously  points out, time and time again.
B000002AS3|4.0|Defintley Maybe is not like any rock album I've ever heard. Liam's vocals  are the kind that linger in your head for a long time. &quot;Rock N' Roll  Star&quot;  and &quot;Married With Children&quot; are the best songs on it  if you ask me. &quot;Supersonic&quot; is also a good song. Defintley maybe  sounds like someone took the talent of Jimmy Page, Elton John, The Beatles,  mixed it all together in a big pot, then molded it into a CD. Yes, this CD  is THAT good.
B000000WFF|5.0|I have both of the Spice Girls' albums, and I like this one way better  than &quot;Spice.&quot; My favoites are &quot;Too Much&quot; (remided me of  2 become 1), &quot;Never Give Up On the Good Times&quot; (reminded me of  &quot;who do you think you are&quot;), &quot;Move Over&quot; (from the  Pepsi commercial), &quot;Viva Forever&quot; (my very favorite with its  soft, Spanish theme), and &quot;The Lady is a Vamp&quot; (with its cool  1940's sound.) What can I say? This is one heck of a cd!
B000006NPY|5.0|The smashing pumpkins have a taken a turn ... for the BETTER. Actually  with each album they do! This is one of my favorite albums I have ever  listened to and is one of the few that I can listen to the whole thing  without skipping at least a few songs. Rather than the loud songs with  guitars and screaming I am used to by the smashing pumpkins this album is  more enjoyable to listen to,seems more meaningful, and has a lot more  heart. While some think that Ava Adore is the only good song on the album I  think that it is one of the weaker songs. Tear, Crestfallen, Perfect,  Dusty, Apples+Orange, and all the rest are all GOOD to GREAT songs  (actually there is one song that I don't care for -- Once Upon A Time)
B000002UA0|5.0|The first time I heard Piper I returned it to the CD store shelf...it  sounded NOTHING like &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; (Dark Side, Wall, etc.) Big  mistake--stop hurling insults with those stones.  Two self-deprived years  later I gave another listen; Dark Side and WYWH had to have come from  somewhere.  (&quot;Shine On You Crazy Diamond&quot; is about whom? Sid  who?)   Ohhh...my...   a careful listener will hear elements of all their  later masterpieces within this masterpiece album.  Any Floyd fan who  doesn't hear the genius of Syd Barrett couldn't be listening. (Listen to  &quot;Astronomy Domine.&quot; Remember when this was recorded. Listen  again. You're forgiven.) Forget about the &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; you think  you know and pretend this is another band if you must.  Accept it for what  it is, and soon you'll hear it for what it is: sublime genius.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Words can only do a disservice to the scope and deep emotion that this  album not only invokes, but also infuses in its listeners.<br />Listening to  this one remembers the strength and power personified in the great  Sojourner Truth's epochal poem, &quot;Ain't I A Woman.&quot;<br />Listen to it  yourself and you will see...you sure are a woman Lauryn Hill.
0446310786|5.0|This is such a great book.  I loved it and I know that you will too.
0316286869|5.0|If you're serious about applying makeup, this book is for you. Aucoin  gives detailed instructions on how to achieve any makeup look from natural  to extremely dramatic. He also lets the reader in on the secrets of the  stars: you too can look like Audrey Hepburn or Marilyn Monroe, if you  follow his instructions.<br />I was especially pleased to see Aucoin's  techniques demonstrated not just on glamorous stars but also on normal  people of all ages and sizes and both sexes. He's got a lot of common  sense, too; he puts only minimal makeup on his teenage models (they still  look like teenagers after he's done -- what a concept!) and he doesn't  think much of child beauty pageants.<br />The book isn't perfect, though.  Aucoin advocates putting eyeliner inside the lash line. Most eye doctors  will tell you that's a bad idea, and so will most of us who lived through  the first time this idea became popular. Pinkeye, anyone? <br />He also  doesn't put much emphasis on choosing the right colours for the reader's  complexion. He advocates complete freedom, which of course is fine for  someone experienced with choosing their makeup colours but doesn't help the  neophyte who needs advice.<br />But those are pretty minor complaints. This  book is a fantastic tool for the person with some experience in applying  cosmetics. I recommend it highly.
0452277752|5.0|This is one of the first Stephen King books I've read, and it still stands  out as one of my favorites. It is 4 early novels written by King originally  published under the psudonym Richard Bachman<br />Rage: My favorite of the 4  stories. In the beggining you are disturbed at how &quot;disturbed&quot;  the main charictor is, but by the end you feel very sorry for him. <br />The  Long Walk: Amazing. This story transformed me into a crying baby by the  end. Friendship has stong ties, but under the stress of life and death you  find out who your true friends are, which Stephen shows very nicely. He  also shows a slightly exagerated look at America's lust for violence as  entertainment. <br />Roadwork: How far would you go to stop a highway  extension from going through your home. If you'd go as far as the man in  this story, I'd advise you to seek profesional help. very well done, Mr.  King.   The Running Man: If you are thinking you don't want to read it  because you saw the move, you definately need to read it. The movie twisted  the story to the point that it is barely recognizable.
0553213105|3.0|I read this book in my sophomore English class. For me, it was a perfect  introduction to the Classics. The language is similar to books such as Anna  Karenina and the like, but there is an element of humor that even us  twentieth century dimwits can relate to. Sometimes subtle, and sometimes  not, Jane Austen keeps us on our toes with her eighteenth-century  characters that somehow manage to be hip. No matter who you are, you will  find yourself rooting for one or another of the characters as they struggle  for something ... if not hapiness, then an extremely desirable position in  life.
B000002AT6|5.0|James Horner has simply reinforced once again the incontrovertable fact  that he is the greatest composer of our time.  This soundtrack is yet  another flawless example of his unmatchable composing prowess.  For any who  would argue, simply watch the movies (and listen to) &quot;The Land Before  Time&quot;, &quot;Braveheart&quot;, &quot;Titanic&quot;,  &quot;Apollo  13&quot;, &quot;Courage Under Fire&quot;, &quot;The Man Without a  Face&quot;, &quot;Cocoon&quot;, &quot;Ransom&quot;, &quot;A Far Off  Place&quot;, and any of his other blockbusters.  I simply hope that any  great screenplay can be matched with his simple perfection in music.
B000002UVZ|5.0|This is not the best album that R.E.M. ever made; however, it is my  favorite.  If you do not listen to rock/pop music because of lack of  quality and originality, then you should give this album a chance.  It is  tremendous.
B000001E8P|5.0|While personally I like His N' Hers better, people new to Pulp should  start with this album.  Their are few lyricists in Rock with Jarvis  Cocker's intelligence and social conscience, and combined breathy sexy  voice and cooler-than-you-could-ever-be style, he stands alone as one of  the most enigmatic stars in all of music, even if America doesn't know who  he is. America's loss.  This is about the catchiest album I've ever heard.   I defy anyone not sing and dance along with the anthemic opener Mis-Shapes.   There are few better songs for a night on the town than Common People, and  Disco 2000 is simply one of my 2 or 3 favorite songs ever.  A couple songs  on this album are a bit of a letdown amongst the brilliance that surrounds  them, but still an essential album.
B000002LIX|5.0|This album contains some of the most exemplary rock music that i have ever  heard.  It would be tremendously innovative if it were to be come out now  in 1998. Jane's Addiction clearly was one of the most talented and  innovative rock bands since the inception of the genre.
B0000028SU|3.0|I ended up with &quot;just&quot; three stars for this one. &quot;Lucky  Town&quot; is really not a bad album (if it was, I would not have given it  three out of five!), but it never starts to soar. The title track is very  good, but most of the remaining songs on the album just sort of goes by  without really being noticed. They're not bad, you don't scream and throw  yourself across the room to pull the plug when one of them comes on the  radio, but they're just not all that interesting, lyrically or musically.  Sure, Bruce Springsteen's lyrics are better than most, even when they're  below average, but this is definately not &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; or  &quot;Nebraska&quot; or...well, you get the idea.
0375701427|5.0|I have never been so deeply engrossed in a book, so early into the novel.   To use the author's own words, the reader is &quot;[transported]...out of  the longed-for American pastoral and into everything that is its antithesis  and its enemy, into the fury, the violence, and the desperation of the  counterpastoral--into the indigenous American berserk.&quot;  I have been  reading this book with a pen in hand, so that I can underline all the  passages that I never want to forget.  As it turns out, I find myself  underlining most of the book.
B000001DYJ|4.0|This album is a strangely underrated one, always being compared with the  legendary &quot;ALIVE&quot; (and always unfavorably). I listened  &quot;ALIVE III&quot; before ever having heard the &quot;original&quot; one  (the one without the roman numerals), and I thought it was great.  Hard-hitting rock n' roll, a lot of good (pop!) melodies, and a lot of very  unsofisticated, but also very effective, guitar work. So if you're into  traditional, timeless rock music, hard but not really metal, this is  definately a good choice. The sound is very good for a live album (the  crowd is a bit noisy, maybe), and this is truly KISS at their best.
0399143904|4.0|Tom Clancy has been one of the world's best-selling author since the  release of his first book, Red October, and has consistently produced  quality material. Rainbow Six is yet another must-read for any Clancy fan,  and is easily picked up as a first Clancy by any casual reader. The plot is  full of action and starts early (contrary to most of his books, where it  builds up very slowly) and examines one of contemporary society's greatest  fears: a doomsday virus. <br />The only major drawbacks to this book are the  lack of technical information usually present in his books and the  extremely poor editing received by the novel. He repeats himself many  times, particularly on the mentality of the team technical wizard, and a  simile about &quot;as normal as zipping his fly&quot; which is used three  times in less than ten pages, and twice on one page. <br />Tom, you write  well, and with the aid of a halfway competent editor, this one could have  been a classic!
B0000028SR|4.0|I had a hard time deciding if I should give this album three or four stars  (it took me several seconds!), but I ended up with four, because Bruce  Frederick Joseph Springsteen when he is mediocre is still far better than a  lot of other guys at their best. This is really not a bad album, in fact  it's quite good, but it lacks those really special songs that could make it  great. The lyrics are not quite as gripping as Bruce's best efforts, and  neither are the tunes. This seems more like a &quot;regular&quot; rock n'  roll album (one of those kind that you do for fun, or maybe - God forbid -  to make money) than some of Springsteens earlier efforts, which seemed more  earnest and deeply felt, and really sunk its teeth into you. But still -  &quot;Human Touch&quot; is a good album, with several really good songs,  and if you think that some of Springsteen's earlier tunes were a little  rough, focusing on the lyrics and forgetting about that catchy  sing-along-chorus, well, then this might actually be a step up.
0792151712|5.0|Titanic has to be, in my opinion, the greatest movie ever made. I saw it 7  times and everytime I cried my eyes out when Jack died. The special effects  where great. Especially when the ship split in two. I knopw I'll be 1st in  line in the video store on Sept. 1st.     END
B000002KDO|5.0|I feel ashamed to review any Sabbath from the first through Sabotage.  How  can I comment on perfection?  This is just as good as Black Sabbath, though  not nearly as good as Paranoid.  No more commentary is necessary, except to  say if you're a true Sabbath fan who loves heavy meatl--BUY THIS ALBUM!
0792151712|5.0|I remember when the movie came out last year.  I had seen the preview and  heard how good it was, but I wasn't impressed and told my wife that I was  not going to pay $7.00 to see a movie that I already knew the ending to.   She eventually convinced me, and I have been thanking her for it ever  since.<br />Titanic is an outstanding movie, bar none.  People are not idiots.   They will not pay their money to see it that many times if it isn't good.   James Cameron mixes a real-life tragedy with a fictional love story that is  very believable.  Yes, I have read what others have said, how they  criticize the acting, and the poor plot.  I think the plot was great.  It  was about people going back to America, some for the first time, and this  over zealous headline chaser that goads the Captain into making mistakes  that cost 1,500 people their lives.  One of the depressing parts, and there  are many, is when the Captain is asked by a lady where her and her baby  should go.  He can do nothing but stare at her.  He is now afraid to make a  decision and the only one that he can make is to go back to the wheel and  die with dignity, the Captain always goes down with the ship.  All the  other elements of sadness, romance, and action are there.  From the old  couple lying in bed waiting to die, to the blossoming romance of Jack and  Rose, to Cal becoming furious with Jack at the taking of his woman, enough  to try and kill him in the end.  Lest we not forget the outstanding job the  special effects team did at making the ship sink.  All this has made me a  sentimental idiot and I have never loved a movie as much as this one.     END
B000002B7Y|5.0|Ozzy did well to pick Zakk Wylde for the guitarist slot on this album.   From Ozzy's making fun of archrival Jimmy Swaggart on Miracle Man to the  blood-drenched escapades of Charles Manson on Bloodbath in Paradise to the  secret track at the end, this is a great album.  Bloodbath in Paradise, its  centerpiece just rocks and the other tracks are very good.  Wylde does  great on guitar and the others sound good.  This is Ozzy at his best.  I  recommend it completely.
B000009QPG|5.0|In this album, Slayer is definitley at the top of their game.  Only a  handful of their albums can compare to it.  This is great.
B000002KE2|5.0|I just wonder how Black Sabbath kept doing it.  For so many albums to be  absolutely perfect, they must have been truly blessed.  On this, they do  delineate a little with Changes, but that's all right.  The sheer quality  of all the rest more than makes up for that.  Ozzy, Tony, Geezer, and Bill  are excellent on this, and it's no wonder they are immortalized--even more  so than Led Zeppelin--as the seminal group in heavy metal.
B000002KFJ|5.0|Returning to the themes presented in Paranoid, Black Sabbath provides a  great album with eight cuts that absolutely rock.  This only continues the  perfection they demonstrated in their earlier efforts.  It's cliched to say  this is a must for a fan, but I'll say it anyway, for it is.  Just buy  it--you'll thank me for it later
B000002KET|5.0|With this, Black Sabbath proves they still have what it takes to make good  music.  From beginning, there is no track that's less than stellar.  Do  yourself a favor--BUY THIS ALBUM!
B000002KB8|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS SO AMAZING IT ABSOLUTELY BLEW ME AWAY!  FROM THE OPENING  CHURCH BELL TO THE CLOSING GUITAR RIFFS IT JUST DOESN'T STOP.  CLEARLY  SABBATH'S GREATEST EFFORT ASIDE FROM PARANOID!
B000002B82|5.0|Ozzy clearly wanted to do some good music on this album--and with the  exception fo Mama, I'm Coming Home delivered.  I'd recommend it despite  that.
B000002B7M|5.0|Ozzy and Randy Rhoads.  Who could ask for a better coupling except  possibly Ozzy and Tony Iommi?  I Don't Know through Steal Away the Night,  this album is pure greatness.  It even features, uniquely among solo Ozzy  efforts, an instrumental--Dee, dedicated to Rhoads' mother, Delores.   Suicide Solution, Mr. Crowley, and all the rest are stunning.  Were Rhoads  still alive to collaborate with Ozzy, just think what great music they'd  make together.  This just rocks.  It's great.  Get it.
B000002KHH|5.0|THIS IS WHERE IT ALL BEGAN!  HEAVY METAL'S ROOTS PRESENTED WITH GRINDING  GUITAR RIFFS AND A DISTINCTLY BLUES FLAVOR!  EVEN LED ZEPPELIN NEVER  APPROACHED THE LEVEL OF SHEER, ABSOLUTE PERFECTION THE ORIGINAL LINEUP OF  BLACK SABBATH--OZZY, TONY, GEEZER, AND BILL --DISPLAYED ON THIS, NOT ONLY  THEIR BUT THE WORLD'S FINEST EFFORT AT MUSIC!  ALL OF THE CLASSIC CUTS ARE  HERE:  WAR PIGS WITH ITS UNNERVING PORTRAYAL OF HUMAN CONFLICT, PARANOID'S  DISTURBING DESCRIPTION OF MADNESS, PLANET CARAVAN'S SOOTHING ACCOUNT OF A  NIGHT SKY, IRON MAN'S THUNDERING ACCOUNT OF LIFE AFTER DEATH, ELECTRIC  FUNERAL WITH ITS HARROWING VISION OF A NUCLEAR HOLOCAUST AND AFTERMATH,  HAND DOOM PRESENTING THE EFFECTS OF DRUG ADDICTION, RAT SALAD'S DRUMS, AND  FAIRIES WEAR BOOTS INDICATING JUST THAT.  NO OTHER ALBUM EVEN COMES CLOSE!   BLACK SABBATH IS BY FAR THE GREATEST BAND EVER!  THIS ALBUM CLEARLY SHOWS  THAT.  LONG LIVE BLACK SABBATH!
B000002B7W|5.0|Randy Rhoads and Ozzy both sound great on this album featuring the  Blizzard of Ozz and some assorted Diary and Sabbath songs.  Paranoid sounds  a little strange but all the other tracks are great, aespecially Suicide  Solution featuring Randy Rhoads' powerful feature solo.  A great cd and one  anyone who likes or thinks about starting to listen to Ozzy should own.
B000002B7O|5.0|Ozzy's second album, while not as good as the first, is still very, very  good.  Anyone even slightly interested in heavy metal would love this with  its feast of great music.  Believer and Diary are particularly fin, but  that takes nothing from the other tracks, which are classic Ozzy from  beginning to end.  Just buy it.  You'll like it alot.
0451191153|2.0|The first time I read this book I loved it.  It fed all the soap-opera  ideals I had about myself and the individual, and I romanticized the  comments someone else had told me about it.  I bought it again a few years  later, and couldn't finish it.  The philosophy is obvious and self-serving,  and the &quot;trial&quot; of the last few chapters was a simple way for the  author to make sure even the most idiotic readers got her point.   Blech.<br />At the same time, it's important that you read this book and  formulate your own judgment of it.  Just don't accept it without question,  which is what everyone seems to do.  There are some serious flaws to the  philosophy that's represented.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Ms. Lauryn Hill kept us all waiting a bit for her highly-anticipated solo  debut but when it finally did drop into stores, the wait was well worth it!  Every single track on this CD is excellent. The whole CD is enjoyable and  listeners should be able to play the whole CD through without skipping a  track. Take a close listen to &quot;Superstar&quot; where she criticizes  the many music artists of today who fail to make  music whole-heartedly and  do it only for the money and fame. Or the first single &quot;DooWop (that  thing)&quot; where Ms. Hill uncovers the many flaws found in the everyday  relationship between men and women. The whole Cd is well worth every penny  although I was greatly disappointed when her songs &quot;All My time&quot;  and &quot;The sweetest thing (Mahogany mix)&quot; were not included on the  album. However the two bonus tracks that are included on the CD make up for  the deletions. Congratulations to Lauryn Hill for such a great album!
0380002930|5.0|This was one of the best books I ever read. Period.
B0000024JN|5.0|This Is A Cool Album.You Do Need This In Your CD Collection,If Only For  The Track &quot;Fight For Your Right&quot;.That Song Alone Will Get The  Room Dancing.
0060801263|5.0|I never read Betty Smith before, but I wanted to watch the movie. So I  decided I would read the book before, and what a beautiful beautiful  surprise.  Each charactar feels so alive, by the end of the novel--I was  sad to have to stop. Francie, Neeley, Johnny, Katie, Sissy are all such  remarkable charactars. Some of the scenes are so poignant and so realistic,  I forgot I was reading a book... and only the best of books can do that to  someone. READ IT!!
0684830515|2.0|This is one of those books that I always wanted to read, but somehow never  did.  That is, until just recently.  I suppose I was caught up in the  romance and adventure of a Hemingway yarn, but &quot;The Sun Also  Rises&quot; just didn't cut it for me.  What well-read reader with an  interest in history could not be attracted to the group of post World War I  expatriates living in Paris?  If this book was any real indication of the  life that Hemingway lived, I am afraid that the whole scene of getting  drunk and watching bull fights just isn't for me. I found Hemingway's prose  to be too simple, and the story line did not hold my interest.
0804106304|5.0|The first time I read it, I fell in love with it. I've read it many many  more times since and each time was as rich as the last. Please don't give  up on this book, if you hate it the first time--try try again. It's worth  it! I was really disappointed by the bad reception that some people gave  this wonderful novel. This is probably the first book in a long while to  let the mainstream see a glance into Asian culture. The novel may not  reflect everyone's life EXACTLY but maybe a few elements one will find in  their own life. Being a second generation Taiwanese, I related really well  to this novel.However; it isn't a novel just for Asians, like the Bluest  Eye isn't just for Africa-Americans, it is a story for everyone. I hope it  opens up people eye's to see that in truth everyone shares the same gripes,  tragedies, joys, and flawed relationships.  Many of the stories of  generational gaps are right on the mark; my sister and mother both agree  that this is an exceptional novel. The film is very good on it's own, but  there are a few scenes that are definitly not historically coreect. But for  both the remarkable book and film, I cried because it was as familiar as  the life I've grown up with.
B000002UYZ|5.0|If you wre born after 1970, and you are wondering what all the fuss is  about, give this CD (and its sister, the Beatles 1967-70) a try.  These  sets contain the best songs by the greatest rock group in history.<br />If you  are already a Beatlemaniac, and are still ticked off at EMI for not  releasing the first four original CDs in stereo, take some heart; &quot;All  My Loving&quot;, &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot;, &quot;A Hard Day's  Night&quot;, &quot;And I Love Her&quot;, and &quot;Eight Days a Week&quot;  are IN STEREO!!
0679720200|4.0|It has been ten years since I read &quot;The Stranger.  I am quite pleased  with the new version.  I must admit that the early translation did not live  up to the principles of existentialism.  This new version does.  It is  enriching to read.  This book must be read at least once every ten years;  as a good reminder of how we place value on things in life and life itself.   A last note, in order to make the reading more enriching, a little search  into Camus' political interest is worthwhile.  If this is done, the  symbolic language, such as the blistering sun, and the fact that it is an  arab that is shot in Algiers, become clear in his writing.
B000005J08|5.0|there are not enough good things to say about this record. Zorn's  compositions/arrangements are all top-notch, and the individual band  members each add their own special touches. Highlights include: Bill  Frisell's guitar freakouts @ the beginning of &quot;Punk China Doll,&quot;  the guitar-sax-keyboard interplay all thru &quot;Saigon Pickup,&quot; and  an absolutely hilarious take on &quot;The James Bond Theme.&quot; Required  listening for anyone who enjoys serious, challenging music that doesn't  take itself too seriously.
B000002WYT|5.0|Dave Matthews band is the BEST band and this is just another cd to prove  it. you could listen to it all day and never get tired of it!! I personally  think this is the best of the 3 RCA recordings( Under the table and  dreaming, crash, and Before these crowded streets) It was my first DMB cd,  and now I have 2 and want to get Under the table and dreaming, and also  Live at the Red Rocks. I have heard them all, Crash and everything by them  is soooo awesome!! DMB RULES!
B000002H97|5.0|I feel that this album is the best one put out by Metalica ever because it  has songs that a larger variety of people can listen to and enjoy.  Even my  mother likes this album!!!  Now that's amazing.
0060976624|5.0|Giggled all the way through this one.  Wity, wry, fabulously written.  If  you have spent any time at all in the heartland of politics, you will  remember this one dearly-- then pick up all of the rest of Buckley's stars!
0399143904|4.0|While the story line kept me reading and reading, the fact that Clancy  takes 740 pages to write what could have been written in 500 pages meant  that I did a lot of speed reading. He tends to try and get too deep into  the minds, backgrounds, and feelings of many of the characters rather than  getting on with the story line.
0446310786|5.0|I just finished reading this novel for the first time, and I found myself  completely absorbed by the book whenever I picked it up.  The characters  and plot in this books are amazing; it's deifinitely my favourite book!
B000006EB8|5.0|Monty smith whom reveiwed this album is again a person who does not no  music. he is not a musician and he is not qualified to give his opinion to  a musical album.in 1969 i give album 3.5 to 4 stars.
B000002AVF|1.0|It is repulisve to try to listen to Mariah Carey.  The background noise  (music) is very annoying and takes away from the entire song.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This album takes some warming to.  It is not immediately accesible and  sweetened with singles and this may be its commercial downfall.  That said,  L-Boogie has surpassed the enormous promise shown on the Fugees erratic, if  at moments brilliant, 1996 smash &quot;The Score.&quot;  It is amazing that  anyone, let alone a 23 year old, could show such appreciation of all the  varied and rich musical traditions of Africa-diaspora and also be able to  draw upon and enrich that legacy with one album. Everything is in here:  hip-hop, reggae, soul, r&amp;b, doo-wop, funk and on &amp; on.  L has an  ability to rap with enormous power, confidence and even defiance, but then  instantly switch to vulnerable, and emotive singer. She produced the whole  thing and the vocal layerings are haunting.  Some songs are simply  beautiful: To Zion and Everything is Everything in particular. Some songs  will get the head bobbing: &quot;Every Ghetto, Every City.&quot;  But there  is so much here and it is so rich that multiple listens are needed to get  to all the layers of emotion and musical tradition.  The album of the year.
B000002BE9|5.0|Never mind the fact that this young songtress has said some more than  contorversial things.  Her attitude is refreshingly innocent and untainted  by celebrity, to be honest.  Tidal is a record of such power and heart it  is easy to forgive or even understand a passionate outburst.  I first heard  Shadowboxer, a truly great song, on Leno almost 2 years ago.  I liked the  way she mixed elements of jazz and the blues into her music.  I immediately  went out and bought the cd.  Wow!  She blew me away with the anguish coming  from her angelic mouth.  I wasn't sure whether to take her songs seriously  at first.  She seemed too young to be singing so frankly about messed up  relationships and the loss of innocence, but now that a little more light  has been shed on the life and times of Miss Apple, I believe that her pain  is real, this is no act.  Her singing voice is both soulful and cold at  times, which seems strange from such a young artist, but this brings the  songs on Tidal to life.  We have probably all heard the singles, but Lesser  known songs like Sullen Girl, Slow Like Honey and The First Taste are what  make this a great album.  Fional Apple has an old soul, and I cannot wait  for her next effort.  For now Tidal will do nicely.
B000002ULS|5.0|From the delicate opening strains of &quot;The Stars of Track and  Field&quot;, the brilliance of Belle and Sebastian's &quot;less is  more&quot; delivery is made crystal clear.  Soft strumming on a single  guitar with breathy, almost unearthly vocals enter the mix as the song  slowly builds to a climax.  Quite possibly the best track on one of the  best albums of the year.  At times they seem to evoke any number of bands  and artists, oweing the most to The &quot;Forever Changes&quot; era Love as  well as hints of the Kinks' more confessional songs.  Toss in traces of Syd  Barrett, The Smiths, The Sundays, and a big heaping helping of originality,  and you get the gist.  An amazing piece of work.
B000002KBA|5.0|i first listened to this album in 1979 and it was the best rock album ive  ever heard. even today it still rocks as much as it ever has.every song is  full of fire,perhaps their best.if you want a deep purple album this is the  one to get,raw and pure rock,die hard purple fan.
B000005RQF|5.0|This album has a great pop confection without pandering to the masses.   Many have dissed it as fluff but all I have to say is listen to the bridge  in &quot;What if we give it away&quot; and you'll understand the purity of  R.E.M..
B000003TAR|5.0|In Utero, it seems to me is more true to the sonic vision of Kurt Cobain.   The raw, noisy production on this record make Nevermind seem like a  children's record.  In Utero's highlights are Serve the Servants, Scentless  Aprentice, Rape Me, Dumb, and Radio Friendly Unit Shifter, though there  isn't a bad track in the bunch.  Smells Like Teen Spirit purests may have a  problem with the dirty sound and production quality, or with the fact that  there is no breakout hit, other than perhaps All Apologies.  It must have  been quite a daunting task to improve upon Nevermind, widely considdered  one of the best and most important rock &amp; roll records ever, but I  believe that this album does just that.  If you like Nirvana, buy this  album.
B000002579|4.0|Leftoverture was the breakthrough album for Kansas, and just about their  best! With the exception of Song For America, no Kansas LP came close to  matching the music and lyrics here. Starting with the opening of Carry On  Wayward Son and continuing until the end of Magnum Opus each song tells a  story through music and words. The two best examples are the aforementioned  Magnum Opus with it's creative sub-titles (Release the beavers...) and  Miracles out of Nowhere. This album blended hard guitar driven rock with  violin and keyboards to produce a very unique, and wonderful, musical  experience.
B0000028RR|4.0|Few bands can do more with Bass, Drums, Guitar and Vocals than Rage  Against The Machine.  If poof of this fact is what you are looking for, buy  the band's self titled debut.  This album is Rage Against the Machine at  their best and most pissed off.  Listening to songs like Wake Up and  Killing in the Name, you can't help but feel the festering rage of Zach de  la Rocha.  Sure, his lyrics can seem a bit cliche, but they are convincing  none the less.  Who else could pull of the refrain &quot;F**k you, I won't  do what you tell me&quot;?  Zach's politically motivated poetry,  remeniscent of the best of 1970s punk music, is balanced perfectly by the  vurtuistic guitar of Tom Morello who has always been a very good guitarist,  and continues to improve.  I considder this record a must have in any rock  &amp; rol music collection.
B000002J09|5.0|Don't mean to beat a dead horse, but this album captures the essence of  Led Zeppelin as it begins with pure Rock and Roll, then evolves to Indian,  folk, and finally blues. If any one cd does this, it is untitled. 16x  platinum, enough said.
B000003BF1|5.0|With all deserved deference to their other powerhouse albums (Sticky  Fingers, Beggar's Banquet, Exile) this album represents the greatest  achievement of world's greatest rock band.  Let it Bleed is everything  those others are but with fewer sidetracks.  It kicks off with the dark  strains of Gimme Shelter and doesn't let up until the last notes of You  Can't Always Get What You Want fade into the ether.  Other gems include  Country Honk, Let it Bleed and one of the great unsung Stones songs, Monkey  Man.  No, you can't always get what you want but if what you want is a  fantastic rock album, you'll get what you need here.
B000002UJQ|5.0|At first I was intimidated by it's depth, but it grew on me like nothing  else. After I had listened to it all the way through, I sat there for 5  minutes, stunned. The songs are beautifull, intelegent and powerful with an  alone-on-a-deserted-spaceship feel. If your looking for the future of rock,  put down your Smashing Pumpkins or Korn CD and get OK Computer. It will  change the way you listen to music forever.
0399143904|4.0|I've been a fan of Tom Clancy's work since his first book. He just gets  better at writing and at capturing his reader's attention and interest.  With Rainbow Six, I realized that I couldn't put the book down and when I  did, I couldn't wait to get back to it to find out what the Six team were  doing. That's because Tom Clancy has mastered the art of giving detailed  scenes and background information without boring the reader as sometimes  was the case in his previous books. I enjoyed very much reading Rainbow Six  and getting to know better John Clark and his family. However, I cannot  wait to read more about what Jack Ryan is doing as the President! I am very  much looking forward to reading that story.
006017322X|5.0|I read this book in one week.  I came back and reread it over a month just  to savor the quality of writing in it.  Lee's power is honest and  unwavering.  She shows the world through the eyes of a little girl wo is  too smart for her own good. I think this book will stand the test of time  and be read long after we are gone along with are children.   How this book  wasn't choosen as the greatest english book ever written is beyond me.  Lee  writes with a clarity that even Joyce could only hope to achive.  I can say  this thing about this book,  that it will proboly be the only book I make  my children read.  Other than reading this book, they can never read again  for all I care.
B000002KK8|5.0|I have owned this album almost since the day is has been released, and it  still sends chills down my spine today. This is an album that will be with  me all my life...how about yours!
0792151712|1.0|Poor excuse for a movie. Read a book about the actual disaster, and then  you will really cry.     END
B000002L80|4.0|This is an interesting recording.  The TH's had really moved beyond their  edgy-ness, but still had a knack for writing cool songs such as &quot;And  She Was&quot; &amp; &quot;Stay Up Late&quot; in particular.  In this,  they're moving toward the mainstream.  Some of these songs are a bit of a  drag, but overall it rocks.
0399143904|2.0|I was extremely disappointed with Tom Clancy's latest work.  It falls  short in all areas where he is normally praised.<br />The dialogue in the book  is poorly written.  He frequently uses all the names a character has in one  brief discussion.  After the second or third time it became simply boring  to read everyones name.<br />The level of detail used in R6 is very  substandard.  Clancy only mildly describes weapons, scenarios and tactics.   High intensity encounters are normally over in a few paragraphs.  <br />I can  see a reason for this though.  In real life these encounters would be over  in a matter of seconds, in the best case.  It seems awkward from a normally  thorough writer.<br />I also found the plot to be very predictable.  Normally  you get a general feel for what is going to happen and then are suprised at  what takes place.  Not in this book.<br />Two stars may be generous.
B000002KDO|4.0|Paranoid was a very difficult act to follow but Black Sabbath showed that  metal does not need a reworking after a breakthrough album.   Probably a  very underrated album, Master of Reality still retains the driving rhythms  of Tony Iommi, excellent and odd timings of  drumming by Bill Ward,  Geezer's melodic bass riffs and lyrics which embody all that we come to  expect from Black Sabbath, i.e. fascination with war, the occult, morbid  conerns of death, etc. Two instrumentals of Tony Iommi themselves are worth  the purchase.  Who says that a heavy metal band can't have an acoustic and  a classical interest? Heavy concert hitters like Children of the Grave,  Sweet Leaf and After Forever drive the album to a gentler close with the  very moving &quot;Solitude&quot;.  Master of Reality has it all here, so  get it.
B000001F2H|5.0|After finding the Yardbirds' direction too mainstream, Clapton searches to  keep his Blues chops growing.  Eric finds John Mayall and records some of  his most electrifying solos with this group. (He even meets Jack Bruce in a  later incarnation of the Blues Breakers.)  Please listen to &quot;Have You  Heard&quot; to prove this to yourself. Mayall provides his usual strong  vocal support and excellent musicianship. John McVie (later of Fleetwood  Mac) rounds out the group with strong blues-jazz bass lines. I personally  feel the Hugh Flint is the weak link, but is more than offset by John  Almond wonderful sax work. If you are a Clapton fan and have not heard his  early post-Yardbird work or if you are a blue fan of any sort, You should  own this one.
B000002KCC|5.0|&quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; is the best wake up with a hangover on the  front lawn of your ex-wives house after being beat up by your junk dealer  and realizing you have no keys, no car, no wallet, and no where to go......  It is quite simply one of the most personal, agonizing, and greatest  masterpieces in the history of music.Neil Young is a genius.
B000001EAQ|1.0|The great leaps the band had taken featured on the debut albumof the Passengers now seem an enigma. Pop does nothing but makepainfully aware that U2 lacks a certain quality and colour when working without the collaboration of Brian Eno.
B000000WF0|5.0|I bought this album just on the strength of the singles &quot;Bittersweet  Symphony&quot; and &quot;Lucky Man&quot;.  If you enjoyed these songs,  you'll love the rest of the album too.  All the songs could stand on their  own.  Like with Radiohead's &quot;The Bends&quot; you'll want to listen to  it when you're angry, depressed but also when you're flying high.
B00000AOUD|5.0|One of my favourite albums of all time, let alone of Jethro Tull.  This  concept record shows that the band have excelled themselves, performing a  beautiful, awe-inspiring masterpiece, poetic and humourous, ironic and  overpowering, yet shimmering with brilliance throughout.  It presents a  series of interwoven musical themes spliced into one coherent whole.  It is  IMHO Jethro Tull's best sounding album, in relation to its production,  technical proficiency and the band's performance, which is amazing in its  precision and ability to uplift as well as pacify.  Ian Anderson's vocals  and propulsive flute-playing are of a high standard as usual, and his  delivery of the thought-provoking lyrics are masterful (BTW, did Anderson  really use the lyrics of an epic poem composed by an 8-year old child  prodigy, as the newspaper-style sleeve states?  Methinks not!). Other than  that, it is a very enjoyable piece of music; passionate and progressive,  the Tulls haven't made an album quite as good since.
B000002LR3|5.0|This is a superb album!  It's perfect to listen to when you're having a  one woman dance party on a cool, clear night under the stars...This is what  pop music should always be: a soundtrack to the beat of our times.
B000000XCH|5.0|This album is a rarity if only for the sheer amount of hit songs it  spawned.  Creedence was the ultimate singles group of its day, and this  record (released in 1970) really exemplifies that fact, showcasing their  good-ole' jugband swamp rock.  Let's face it; many of their other albums  were quite patchy (some even lacklustre at worst), but this one is  consistently excellent, featuring many of their most fun and catchy tunes.  'Cosmo' rolls on like Proud Mary, integrating many hit-and-run favourites  like &quot;Up Around The Bend&quot;, &quot;Travellin' Band&quot;,  &quot;Lookin' Out My Back Door&quot; and &quot;Ooby Dooby&quot; (their  silliest track) with folky stuff such as &quot;Who'll Stop The Rain&quot;  and a brooding Vietnam War song &quot;Run Through The Jungle&quot;.  This  album features their version of Marvin Gaye's &quot;I Heard It Through The  Grapevine&quot; in all of its 11 minute+ glory (no shortcuts here) plus an  energetic opener jam named &quot;Ramble Tamble&quot; and a soulful closer  &quot;Long As I Can See The Light&quot;, making for one of the finest pop  albums of 1970.  If you want Creedence at their very best, go for this one  - it's as good as any greatest hits compilation.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This CD has got to be the best I have heard this year.  I had stopped  buying CD's because some only contained maybe 2 songs at the most worth  listening to and they probably were given so much airplay that you didn't  want to hear them again. But this is an exception. Every song on this CD is  worth listening to over and over again. Songs like Ex-factor, Forgive them  Father and That Thing makes you wonder how someone so young could come up  with such words. This is a brilliant and gifted artist and her CD is of the  same stature.
0792151712|5.0|I NORMALLY DO NOT GO TO MANY MOVIES ANYMORE, I TEND TO WAIT UNTIL THEY  COME OUT IN VIDEO, BEING MIDDLE AGE, LAZY I GUESS.  HOWEVER, I KEPT HEARING  NOTHING BUT GOOD THINGS ABOUT THIS MOVIE.  SO MY HUSBAND AND I WENT.  I  MUST SAY IT HAD SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE, EXCITEMENT FOR MY HUSBAND AND  ROMANCE FOR ME.  IT WAS EXCELLENT AND I AM AN OLD MOVIE BUFF, I SAW THE  ORIGINAL MOVIE, ETC.  BUT THIS ONE SURPRISED ME.  ONE OF THE MAIN THINGS  ABOUT THIS MOVIE, AND THERE WERE MANY, WAS ENJOY EACH DAY TODAY, WE DO NOT  KNOW IF WE HAVE TOMORROW, GOD ONLY GIVES US TODAY.     END
B000000993|5.0|Those who do not say that this is Tool's best album have obviously not  listened to this one enough. I've listened to the CD almost a thousand  times and I STILL find things I haven't noticed or appreciated. <br />From the  get go, Intolerance puts you on the edge of your seat and makes you want to  punch a whole in a wall dealing with frustration and ignorance. Prison Sex,  Sober, Bottom, Crawl Away... what more can be said about these incredible  songs that push your emotions around like hockey players do to a puck?  Undertow has to be my favorite song of all time.... lyrics, voice, music,  and that strangely heavy/bluesy rhythm at the end of the song, define  Tool's musical epiphany. Undertow is a must for any metal/rock/hard-rock  enthusiast.
B000005DQR|4.0|This is one of those albums that grows on you.  It's a different style and  gets better everytime you listen to it.  You have to appreciate his unique  style.  It's a good break from traditional tracks that contain nothing but  samples that were stolen off someone else's album...
B000001ESF|5.0|If you're not interested in 20 minute long songs, hard drving guitar and  rhythm sections, sci-fi inspired lyrics, long instrumentals, a high pitched  voice singing the lyrics, then 2112 is not for you.  This is Rush's fourth  album, their breakthrough which legitimately set them to become one of the  most lyrically profound and musically astute power trios in the entire   world.  2112 (pronounced &quot;twenty one, twelve&quot;) is the main song  on the album.  It tells of a society ruled by the communist priests of the  Temples of Syrinx who believe in crushing the human spirit so every one  lives according to a lifeless conformity.  The hero dares to defy them and  leads the revolution through music.  How does it end?  Listen to the album.   Also  present are five lesslengthy songs like A Passage to Bangkok, which  sounds like a shopping list for drugs, Something for Nothing, a song that  defines reality itself, the acoustic show-stopper Tears, the Twilight Zone  and Lessons.  The lyrics of most songs are done by drummer Neil Peart, who  sounds like a college professor.  Alex Lifeson contributes hard-rocking  guitar lines which soar and frighten.  And bassist, vocalist, keyboardist  Geddy Lee sounds like a Medieval minstrel.  At times you almost start to  think that he is the hero of the story.  A classic album and a must have  for any serious lover of heavy  metal and lyrical profundity.
B000002ADT|5.0|Miles, Trane, Cannonball all at the crossroads of their musical careers.  Miles writes modal blues and the band, backed by Elvin Jones and McCoy  Tyner, listens to him state the theme and then it's an improvisational  wonderland. Some of the best solos ever recorded. A truely defining moment  in the birth of Cool Jazz. The liner notes will tell you that most of this  album was recorded in ONE take.
0812550706|5.0|This is the only SciFi book I've ever been able to finish.  Not only that,  I couldn't put it down. Highly recommend.
B000002ADT|5.0|Miles, 'Trane, Cannonball all at the crossroads of their musical careers.  Miles writes modal blues charts, and the band, backed by Elvin Jones,  Wynton Kelly and Bill Evans, listen to him state the theme and then it's an  improvisational wonderland. Some of the best solos ever recorded. A truely  defining moment in the birth of Cool Jazz. The liner notes will tell you  that most of this album was recorded in ONE take.  You'll appreciate the  inventiveness every time you listen. It is the first record you must buy  for your Jazz collection.
B000003BEV|1.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  They may continue touring until they're 85, but it's  a pretty safe bet the Stones'll never play any of this stuff again.  In a  misguided attempt to match the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper album, the Stones  decided to try their hand at a psychedelic record full of drug-addled  lyrics, headphone-ready sound affects, and instrumental experimentation.  What they got is one of the most unintentionally funny albums of the  sixties.  Now, let's not be too unkind:  some of the Stones' ventures into  Summer of Love psychedelia are actually pretty enjoyable (such as  &quot;Child of the Moon&quot; and &quot;We Love You,&quot; non-album tracks  found on the More Hot Rocks compilation, as well as some of the stuff on  the Flowers album).  Even a few of the tracks here aren't without their  entertainment value (most notably &quot;She's a Rainbow&quot; and  &quot;2,000 Light Years from Home,&quot; both also found on More Hot  Rocks).  But unlike the Beatles, the Kinks, and the Who, all of whom had a  well-developed whimsical side, the Stones were at heart a rough-edged  r&amp;b band, and their delivery of this stuff just doesn't work.  Indeed,  if Syd Barret's Pink Floyd, or some lesser psychedelic band like, say, the  Tommy James &amp; The Shondells or the Strawberry Alarm Clock, had made  this album, it might've been good clean fun.  But listening to Jagger growl  through deep-space lyrics while Richards' guitar riffs bump into various  goofy keyboard effects, you can't help but giggle at the total mismatch of  musical styles here.
B000002UEB|5.0|Queenryche's progressive metal sound, with Tate's operatic vocals and  DeGarmo's incredible guitarwork, have never quite enjoyed the commercial  success they should have.  &quot;Mindcrime&quot; is the apex of their  career.  This album is definitely one of the top five albums of the '80s.   The songs, although varied and diverse, all stay true to the storyline  (which I won't even try explaining here).  Top cuts are Eyes of a Stranger,  The Needle Lies, Suite Sister Mary, and I Don't Believe In Love.  But all  the tracks are incredible, whether you listen to them individually or as a  whole (as they were intended).  This is truly a meeting of musical genius  and lyrical inspiration.  Forget the grunge thing, Queensryche helped get  the Seattle scene going . . . .
B000005ZFN|1.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  I had a brief flirtation with Jethro Tull during my  high school art-rock phase.  That pretty much ended with my purchase of  this record, a theatrical concept album with recurring lyrical and musical  themes, all of which I've long since forgotten.  It's packaged beautifully,  with an authentic looking playbill tucked into the center, which is  actually pretty cool -- that way you have something to look at while the  music plays.  Because, let's face it, while fans may rave about the depth  and creativity of this album, it's BORING.  Whoa, boy, is it boring.  And  silly.  Of course, it takes a monumentally dorky album to make its  predecessor, Thick as a Brick, seem hard-hitting, but, on that level,  Passion Play is a rousing success.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill has struck gold with her new album.  She has a lot of talent.
B0000025ZF|1.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  Unlike some Pink Floyd fans, I think that, for all  its faults, the Waters-dominated The Wall album is a masterpiece.  Even The  Final Cut, an album so unenjoyable I haven't listened to it in years, is a  major accomplishment on an artistic and lyrical level.  Which was why I was  so mortified when I bought Waters' solo debut back in 1984.  Sure, the  sound is fantastic, the lyrics are deep, the performance (which includes  Eric Clapton on guitars) is slick -- but it's just so dumb, dumb, dumb.  And dull, dull, dull.  Let's face facts -- Waters wouldn't know a melody if  it were attached to a giant billboard reading, &quot;Yo, Roger, here's a  melody!&quot;  The album is so plodding and tuneless (with the exception of  the [almost] catchy title track) that it renders the lyrics, however  incisive an analysis of sexual politics they may seem on paper (and,  frankly, I'm not convinced there's all that much &quot;there&quot; there)  pointless.  David Gilmour's post-Waters output (I refuse to dignify them  as &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; albums) may be silly and inconsequential, but at  least it isn't painful to listen to -- confirming that Gilmour, while not  much of a songwriter, at least helped keep some of Waters' pretentions in  check when they were in Floyd together.
0553378384|5.0|I loved this book and found it to be a wealth of information!  It is  centered on providing astrological information based on the north node.  So  little information has come out based on the nodes that I found this to be  a book that I could not put down.<br />Jan Spiller has put the material  together in a logical and easy-to-follow format.  I think anyone, novice to  expert, can learn from this fascinating book.  It is truly a key to  learning more about yourself and better understanding others.
0140186395|5.0|This book as had a profound impact on me. It is one of the greatest novels  of this century and deserves every bit of praise that it gets. I really  could interact with the characters. This book made me feel all of the human  emotions and most of my emotions were with Aron. This book is one of  Steinbeck's greatest achievements.
0790729385|5.0|This movie is the epitome of horror films. All horror films since it's  release have been judged on how it rates with &quot;the Exorcist&quot; and  for good reason. The DVD edition of this film captures the original look of  the film. It's clarity is far superior to VHS tapes. I personally have been  a fan of the Exorcist for many years, and have read countless reviews on  the movie. Not one was bad. I have also learned that there may be a new  version of the Exorcist soon available with never before seen footage, like  Reagan (Linda Blair) Spider Walking on the staircase, as it had been  originally depicted. Look for it. In the mean time, we will be horrified  with this. If you have never seen the Exorcist, you are in for one HELL of  a ride.     END
0140187537|5.0|I have read a lot of Steinbeck books and this book is one of my favorites.  I loved the Grapes of Wrath and East of Eden, but there was something about  this book that made it my favorite. It might be because of the prose or the  theme of the book,I really think it is the combination of the two. I think  that it hits home with the middle class morality.
B0000019PA|5.0|Relocating to Athens, Ga, the Elephant 6 member Neutral Milk Hotel  (fronted by Louisiana prodigy Jeff Mangum) has found the perfect outlet for  their powerful brand of fuzzbox power-folk. Following up their debut  &quot;On Avery Island,&quot; &quot;Aeroplane&quot; is a masterpiece of  songwriting, combining a host of bizarre instruments (including the saw)  and distorted blasts of electric guitar with sugary-sweet pop melodies and  transcendental lyrics that are so abstract they make Michael Stipe look  coherent.  Mangum's charmingly off-key crooning matches the earnest  soul-searching belted out by acoustic guitar in such numbers as &quot;Two  Headed Boy&quot; and &quot;Communist Daughter.&quot;  And for pure rock  ecstasy, &quot;Holland, 1945&quot; may be the most exciting burst of sonic  orgasma produced in years.  <br />It's rare that a lyricist can emote such a  range of feelings on a 35-minute record with the clarity and energy Mangum  can. &quot;Holland&quot; is about Anne Frank, and lines like &quot;And then  they buried her alive / One evening 1945 / With just her sister at her  side/ And only weeks before the guns / All came and rained on  everyone&quot; contrast sharply with the sunny melody of the guitar.  <br />Mangum's unconventional views on romance and sex bleed into ambiguous  gendering and dream-like love affairs. Consider the phrases &quot;This is  the room one afternoon I knew I would love you and from above you how I  sank into your soul&quot; and &quot;Your dad would throw the garbage all  across the floor as we would lay and learn what each other's bodies were  for.&quot;  Mangum hits on details that poingnantly underscore his overall  message. He overcomes trite existentialism with life-affirming aphorisms  buried in poetry such as &quot;And one day we will die and our ashes will  fly / From the aeroplane over the sea / But for now we are young, let us  lay in the sun / And count every beautiful thing we can see.&quot;  Having  the courage to rhyme with innocent boyishness makes his mature ironies all  the more affecting. In &quot;Two Headed Boy, Part 2,&quot; Mangum settles  on the prettiest chord resolution to voice the sadness of his desires:  &quot;In my dreams you're alive and you're crying.&quot;  And as the album  ends on that song, NMH's confident musicianship comes across like  courageousness and sly humor all at once. If Phil Spector knew his wall of  sound has now extended to grass-roots power-folk, he might want to come out  of retirement to hear the surging production on this album. It's as if no  level of feedback is strong enough to muffle Mangum's artistry.<br />Neutral  Milk Hotel's sound is far from mainstream, so don't judge their talent on  their record sales.  But based completely on emotional resonance,  &quot;Aeroplane&quot; is the best album of the year and also the most  original.<br />If you dig the wild sounds of &quot;Aeroplane,&quot; definitely  check out their first effort, the Jeff Mangum solo effort &quot;On Avery  Island,&quot; and other Elephant 6 artists like The Apples In Stereo and  Olivia Tremor Control. Although the bands are on different labels (NMH are  on Merge), they all hail from the same town and split off into different  projects (Apples frontman Robert Schneider takes on producing duties for  NMH).
0375751513|5.0|I love it. I was hooked since the first page and I couldn't put it down.  It was beautifully written and scandalous. I felt that I was part of the  book and I could interact with how the characters were feeling. I think it  deserves a hundred stars.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album represents all the adolescent dreams each one of us seek to  fulfill.  As well as that, it lets out the anger of living in a world that  can be so cruel.  This has to be one of the greatest musical works of all  time!
B000006NPY|4.0|This CD is different from all the other Smashing Pumpkins' CD's in the  sense that it's lighter, softer, and less stressful.  It seems that the  songs contain much less anger than their last album, Mellon Collie and the  Infinite Sadness.  I also noticed that Billy Corgan seems to be trying a  different technique with the vocal harmonies.  It's a little twisted, but I  think it's a good CD.
B000000W4M|5.0|Of all the Pumpkins' stuff, this has to be their greatest creation.  I  believe that I will listen to this until the day I die or until I go deaf  or until the sky smothers the earth or whatever!  This is THE greatest CD  in the history of music.  Thank you, Smashing Pumpkins!!!!
0399143904|3.0|Rainbow Six is not one of Mr. Clancy's best works. He uses the same  &quot;menace&quot; as the last book.   In all his previous books the  scenario had some credibility, this does not.  The opening chapter action  stretches credibility beyond the breaking point.  Even the jacket photo of  Mr. Clancy is sad.  He has on a custom made flight suit with the blue silk  scarf, bomber jacket, scrambled egg hat looking like some romantic hero in  his own mind.  His politics shine through all this by portraying the Sierra  Club types as bumbling idiots, referring constantly to Reagan Airport as  though he were reminding us of his hero and a general trashing of the  enviourmental movement.  This will be the last Clancy book I buy.  His  story line is tired and it would appear, so is he.  I'm truly sorry because  his early stuff was some of the best novels I've ever read.
B00000ADG2|5.0|My favorite song on the album is entitled &quot;To Zion&quot;.  It  actually brought tears to my eyes.  Hill has a voice that will bring the  toughest person to their knees.  This CD makes you think.  It is now one of  my favorites.
B000003BF1|5.0|Familiarity breeds contempt. So, don't let your overfamiliarity spoil this  album for you. Listen to it  with no expectations. The songs may have been  overplayed, but that doesn't diminish the achievement of the band.<br />Jagger  &amp; Richard present some of their best material--in a circumstances that  weren't the best(the death of Brian, Keith's involvement with heroin,  replacement Mick Taylor's attempts to mesh with the band, a lack of time to  craft a follow up) for the band. One of the cornerstone albums of the  Stones.
B000002TLX|5.0|The album 'greatest hits' is a real wonder. Richard marx is one of the  best song writers too. The song 'till i find u again&quot; is the best i  like and the instrumentals are too good. I would like to hear from all  other richard marx fans and would like to get in touch with them.
B000002J1I|2.0|This rotten Tormato should have been left to wither on the vine. Limping  off into the progressive rock sunset back in '78 - with all those young  punk and new wave whippersnappers biting at their heals - Yes stumbled  badly on the way to the graveyard. The music on this album is about as  shallow and meaningless as the lame Hipgnosis cover art. Gone are the lofty  ideals and epic arrangements of the previous album (Going For The One),  replaced with insipid lyrics about arriving UFOs and shorter songs that go  absolutely nowhere. It would take the band a good 20 years to recapture the  old magic on the recently released Keys To Ascension Vol. 2. It's not  surprising that this classic lineup broke up after Tormato. Musically, they  had reached the end of the road - a dead end. (Actually, there was another  album recorded after this one that was so bad, it was never released.)
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill is a down-to-earth woman who sings with her whole heart.  I  love the lyrics and the ryhthm too!  She helped make the Fugees who they  are, and now she's making a name for herself.
B000002J1C|5.0|Having tested the progressive rock waters with their first two impressive  yet uneven albums, Yes hit the mark with this, their third LP. With new  guitarist Steve Howe on board to replace recently booted Peter Banks, the  band recorded this sterling collection of tight ensemble pieces that could  be considered rock chamber music. No rock band ever sounded like this  before. Chris Squire's thumping Rickenbacker bass, Howe's fluid fret work,  Tony Kaye's solid organ playing and Bill Bruford's jazz-influenced drumming  all meld perfectly with Jon Anderson's otherworldy vocals. Timeless cuts  like Yours Is No Disgrace, Starship Trooper, Perpetual Change and I've Seen  All Good People sound as fresh and vibrant today as they did back in the  spring of '71. More changes were to come for Yes: Tony Kaye would also be  given his walking papers, replaced by a far more dexterious keyboard wizard  named Rick Wakeman. And Bill Bruford would ultimately depart for duty in  the Court of the Crimson King. In fact, The Yes Album is the one and only  Yes LP to include this particular lineup. Highly recommended as a great  place to start for the uninitiated.
B000002KHH|5.0|Every heavy metal band and most grunge and punk bands must tip their hats  to the real men in black.  Paranoid set the stage for millions of  headbanger hopefuls and fans to follow.  Heavy riffs and occult subject  combined to form a remarkably heavy, for 1970, album that remains just as  powerful today.  An absolute must have for any rock-n-roll collection.
B000002UBU|1.0|Do not waste your money on this CD.  It does not have the full-length  version of American Pie on it!
B000002KHH|5.0|To hear the Music that started Heavy Metal is so psycho I feel weird  writing about it. To hear Sabbath when they're not all drugged up is  actually better show then when they're all hung over like on this album.  But, this album is still honestly one of the best collections of metal in  this world to date!
B000000WFF|5.0|This is a CD every teenager should have!! It is awesome. The Spice Girls  raise the roof in this all together cool CD. I REALLY recomend it.
0684874350|5.0|You feel the misery, the joy, the pain, and the innocence as you read the  magical words on the pages of McCourt's memoir. I emphatically recommend  this book to anyone and everyone. Just amazing.
0449002632|3.0|The appeal of this book is a general history lesson of London and England.   You can learn how names like Auldwych and SoHo came about.<BR> <BR> Then  you have to deal with the fiction - contrived and not very introspective.   The characters are not profound and most are predictable.  The author  didn't spend much effort on character development but then again, if he  did, the book would be bigger.  <BR> <BR> And it seems like the author  realized how long his book was when it came near completion and started  chopping away.  There's many pages about the story of the Celtic people who  first lived around London but when you come to the 1900s or the 1940s, only  one short chapter is allotted for that time period's story.<BR> <BR> Not  very insightful - a book to read for amusement or boredom.  It does make  you want to visit London though.
B0000057C5|5.0|The entire disc contains up-beat heavy rock.  It is virtually impossible  to sit still while listening to this!  Most excellent.  Highly recommened  if you enjoy fast, heavy rock.
B000002VMH|5.0|Annie Lennox has become my most favorite female vocalist!!  This cd is the  best and I hope she is planning another soon.<br />Thank you Annie!!
B000001AJG|5.0|Excellent listening for anyone who appreciates the beautiful styles of a  musical genius.Some chord changes actually tug at your heartstrings with  their display of compassion.Originally heard along with the movie(which I  would love to be able to buy), Stevie breathes his own unique breath of  life into nature around you.
B000002LRX|5.0|This album was the best of '92, the peak of all music in my opinion. For  anyone else who likes this album, first of all you rule, and second, I  would recommend Dirt and Countdown to Extinction (and maybe Cannibal  Corpse's Tomb) from the same year. Others are Floyd's Wall, Portishead's  Dummy, Cult's Sonic Temple, and obviously anything from Metallica. Oh and  also from Pantera (the more recent the album the better- they're the only  band I still have faith in.. are you listening, Metallica???) Bye, and if  anyone has any recommendations based on what I've said, let me know!!!  Thanks. Peace and I'm out.
0792151712|1.0|Effects, effects, effects.  But not much else.  How can a love story be so  highly regarded when you can't care about the characters.  I really didn't  feel for either character, but Kate Winslet was just herendous as Rose.   The was only one truly interesting character in the movie, and that was  Kathy Bates playing the Unsinkable Molly Brown.     END
B000002JEV|5.0|Great songs, great performances. The songs range from the first to the  fourth album from Led Zeppelin, and in my opinion is the best phase of this  band. Theres only one problem with this release. Disc 1 contains too much  repeated songs. &quot;Communication Breakdown&quot; 3 times, &quot;You  shook me&quot; and &quot;I Cant quit you baby&quot; 2 times both. These  are great songs but there arent many differences between their versions.  But this is no problem at all. Buy it now.
0380002930|5.0|MY FAVORITE BOOK IS WATER SHIP DOWN.ME AND MY DAD LOVE THAT BOOK.I'V GOT A  STUFFED ANIMAL THAT IS ONE OF THE CARACTERS.I WILL ALWAYS KEEP THAT BOOK   AND WILL GIVE MY KIDS THAT BOOK.                      JESSICA (9 YEARS OLD)  AND FIVER
B000002L5I|3.0|I mean come on. Yeah, so he's 20 or however old he is. So what? He's  alright. Just stop comparing him to Stevie, or Jimi, or anybody really  good. It's really beginning to peeve me. He's just not there yet. I figure  him maybe Jonny Lang caliber. Maybe in another 15 years both Kenny &amp;  Jonny will be listenable. Blue on black is the only song I can listen to.  And it's on the radio, so you know that's not a good sign...anyhow buy the  CD if you like the stuff. I'd just as soon skip it and buy Stevie's Texas  Flood or B.B.'s Lucille Talks back. Happy listening!
B000001EAQ|2.0|Whatever happened to the greatest rock band of our times? While repeated  listening reveals some traces of the real U2 in their previous 'Zooropa',  there is absolutely no trace of them in their new album. Maybe the U2 died  in the 80s
068484267X|2.0|I kept hoping SOMETHING good would happen for little Frank, but to no  avail. Just one sad, depressing moment after another. I do however, have  endless admiration for the author's rise from this mess to being a  successful author.  It proves a horrible childhood can be overcome.
B000000JO3|5.0|I first heard Minor Threat when I was 15. I was in the 9th grade. I rode a  skateboard. Minor Threat defined a style which, for musically unfortunate  reasons, came to be the jock-like, locker-room-esque boy's club called  &quot;hardcore&quot; and also, for socially unfortunate reasons, served as  an impetus for the current &quot;straight-edge&quot; scene.  Fortunately,  the group's most visable and vocal member and frontman, Ian Mackaye, moved  on to more musical endeavors (Embrace, Egg Hunt, Pailhead, Skewbald and  presently, Fugazi.) But I will say this: I'm 26 now. 11 years later, the  songs on this record still speak to me and are just as evocative as when I  first heard them. Consider it an investment in your future well-being.
B00000ADG2|5.0|The real beauty of Lauryn Hill's hypnotic solo album is the clarity and  honesty of her message.  Yes, she has a powerful, emotional voice which  ranges from intricate rhymes to sultry growls, but what worth is the voice  if the message is empty?  Not to worry, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill  registers strongly and intimately as a voice of today.  A proud black  female voice which will probably intimidate many male listeners, but not  this one.  Her complaints are honest and true, her  beatitudes cut deep  into the listeners heart.  Why can't men make this kind of honest and  intelligent  hip-hop album?  Probably because they are not creators like  women.  Lauryn Hill is a CREATOR in the truest sense.  She captures the  flavor of the medium of Hip-Hop, but reinvents it with the genius of  focusing on her heart and mind.  Yes, there are social issues to discuss,  without turning the album into a &quot;Spoken Word&quot; treatise on  urban  life.  A rare gem of an album which benefits greatly from continued  listening, as each song flows effortlessly into the next.  Like an earlier  5-star album by a black woman, Neneh Cherry's &quot;HomeBrew&quot;, the  range and depth resonates from within. To label this album  &quot;Hip-Hop&quot; is the simple and obvious way to sell it, sadly there  are no musical genres that truly capture the heartfelt sound of Lauryn  Hill's 1st masterpiece.  This listener hopes there are many more to come.
B000006045|5.0|Brilliant samples and analog pulses combined with lovely vocals. This  album is one of the best I ever bought and recommend everybody to buy it.  You will be pleased because it will take you to strange dark lands and yet  give you a very warm feeling inside.  It is brilliant as an inspiration  source for writing love letters (dutch loveletters that is, me not speek  English verry well).
B000002UB3|5.0|It is not unfair to compare Abbey Road to Beethoven't 9th Symphony or  Mozart's Requiem.  All three represent a swan song of sorts.  However,  Abbey Road isn't an all-consuming tour-de-force in D-Minor, rather it is a  sunny send-off whose last jam excites and whose last words  challenge.<br />This album showcases the individual talents of the four  extraordinary talents that comprised The Beatles.  From Lennon's gritty   look at &quot;toe- jam-football&quot; to McCartney's heart-rending  dissapointment that &quot;you never give me your money&quot;; from George's  gloriously honest answer to the question as to whether his love will grow:  &quot;I don't know, I don't know&quot; to Ringo's only recorded drum solo,  this is the zenith of rock music, indeed all art aspires to be as  expressive, as beautiful and ultimately as personal as Abbey Road.
B00000099Y|5.0|One or maby the best album I have ever listened. The music goes right into  your brain and finds places you never new there where in that stupid head  of yours. After this you wil be moved and drop on your bed glowing with  emotions and energy. Your musical life will never be the same again.
B000009QPQ|5.0|I must declare that I bought the album just for one perfect song  :&quot;Bad Time&quot; which is a cover from a 70s band (dont remember the  name).But when I listened the complete CD I realized what I had discover: a  band that combines strong and dirty guitars with the most beautiful folkie  lirycs and vocal harmonies .JUST GREAT
B000000WA4|5.0|From anger to sadness to sheer bliss, this album has something for  everyone.  It's an emotional rollercoaster; 28 original songs, each a gem  in an otherwise dull time for rock.  The singles are good, but there are  other, GREAT songs on here.  They include Thru The Eyes of Ruby, Muzzle, In  The Arms of Sleep, and Bodies.  This album is a must for all Pumpkins fans  as well as the average rock fan.
0767802659|1.0|This movie is one of the worst science fiction movies ever made. Aside  from the good special effects, it has nothing else to offer. The story is  childish at best, and has almost nothing in common with the Heinlein book.  I even felt sorry for the money I gave to go to the cinema and watch it!  END
B000002GLE|5.0|Sting shows his versatility as a lyricist and musician by remaking many of  the classics we love into high paced, up-beat jazz tunes -- including the  title song and Been Down So Long.  Low Life, I Burn for You, and Moon Over  Bourbon Street are beautiful ballads arranged and sung in such a way that  they take one's breath away!
0805210393|5.0|This book is my favourite Kafka book. It is about a man who is very close  to his goal but he can never reach it. There is always something that  prevents him from getting there completely and when he believes he is  there, he is further away then ever...<br />I had a strange experience  relating to this. I was out driving outside of Vienna, Austria when I saw a  roadsign towards a Kafka monument. I stopped my bike and went back to find  the place were Kafka died. It was a museum. I tried to open the door, but  it was closed. I rang the bell and I knocked on the door, but no-one  answered. I could hear voices from inside and I could see people move  through the curtains, but nobody would let me in. Then I suddenly realized  that this was probably the monument itself; being that close, but never  reaching it completely.
0679441018|5.0|While there is a stunning amount of poor review for this book, I  personally would consider this far beyond &quot;Rice's Best Work&quot;;  This is the best piece of fiction created in this century! I believe that  people of less than intellectual standards will find this more difficult  than the other books of this series, which may explain some poor reviews.  Hardcore devout Christians might also be offended by Rice's views of  creation, Heaven and Hell, and an extremely different view of the  Temptation of Christ-told from the devil's point of view. The thing I found  most fasinating was the realism presented in the plot-Rice has done her  Judeo-Christian homework for the foundation. Aside from that, a brilliant  plot and well developed new characters Memnoch and Roger.  The first time I  read this book, I read start to finish-I literally could not put it down.  If you love fiction, regardless of your opinion of vampires or even Rice,  READ THIS BOOK!!
0201633612|5.0|The design patterns presented in this book capture the experience of many  experts in the OO system design field, and make that experience available  to all designers. Don't expect it to solve all of your problems -  this is  a design book, NOT an implementation &quot;cook&quot;-book. I actually  found that in some cases the examples were more of a distraction than a  help, but as long as you can grasp abstract concepts, the text is  invalueable.
0553275976|4.0|I loved Liar's Poker, by Michael Lewis, and was told repeatedly to pick up  Bonfire.  I'm glad I did.  I do have to agree with other reviewers which  point to the ending's weakness.  Wolfe did seem to just abruptly end the  story.  While it lasted, however, it kept me laughing..One thing,  definately not for people who don't appreciate black humor...
0399143904|1.0|Like many other reviewers, I loved Clancy's first novels. To date, the  only novel of his I genuinely disliked was Debt of Honor, his other novel  focusing on John Clark. Instead of focusing on his strengths, Clancy  instead tried a character study - and transferred so much of his  thinly-veiled right-wing paranoia onto Clark that it was a thoroughly  unpleasant read.<br />But with Executive Orders, I was again on Clancy's side.  Though I found the black-and-white world (Jack Ryan &amp; friends: good;  Everyone else in government not appointed by Jack Ryan: bad) somewhat  difficult to swallow, the drama was wonderful, and more than anything else,  Clancy could make you feel like you were there. And the climax was  fantastic.<br />I was very, very disappointed with Rainbow Six. The numerous  editorial failures (typos, grammatical errors, dangling plot threads) were  as distracting as I've ever read in a mass-market book. The lack of any  attempt on Clancy's part to tell the story without preaching makes me  wonder *why* Clancy's telling the story in the first place. Does he want to  tell us a story? Or does he simply want us to recognize that believing in  the conservative cause is the One True Way? It's probably somewhere between  the latter and a multi-million dollar advance.<br />Overall, the battle scenes  with the terrorists are richly told. But Clancy's endless repetition of  what good men Chavez and Clark are (do we really need to hear *one more  time* how much they like Ding's new baby?) made me tire of both, and I  really liked these characters in both Patriot Games and Executive  Orders.<br />All in all, this book is an example of lazy writing. No attempt  was made to clean it up: and we're left with reading the same character  descriptions over and over... just in case the last 15 times didn't make it  abundantly clear.<br />Others may disagree. But when the book ended, I was  sorry I'd spent that much time wading through a sub-par novel.
B000002C4C|5.0|This was by far Mariah Carey's best album. Even though that her songs had  much more of a R&amp;B sound to them, it was great. Her voice sounded the  best. Close My Eyes is the best song on this album. It talks about her  childhood and shows that she is a really talented song writer. If you liked  the other Mariah Carey Cd's, you'll like this one the best. Buy it!!
0452277752|5.0|Rage is alot like reading todays news. But still is almost like dreaming.  The Long Walk was sad and  yet madden for me. The Running Man was a heart  warming and chilling story. I believe that anyone  would like to read. All  together I would say that  this is a 10 in my book.
B000006JPJ|5.0|Seventh Son of a Seventh Son (SSOASS) is prehaps Iron Maiden's best album.  It contains all of the band's style-essentials, shown throughout the entire  album, as a 1600's fairytale - there's not even one track which you will  want to skip. It contains some of Iron Maiden's biggest hits, such as  &quot;Infinite Dreams&quot;, &quot;The Evil That Men Do&quot;, &quot;The  Clairvoyant&quot; and &quot;Only The Good Die Young&quot;. For the non  (yet) maiden fans, don't get frightened by the songs' titles - They truly  rock, full of melody and rhythm, music that will take you to another realm.
0380713802|4.0|I just returned from a Eurail trip, through Europe of all places, last  week. I had never heard of Bill Bryson before I left, but I met this girl  laughing out loud in a London Youth Hostel. She was reading Brysons book  about travelling through the States and highly recommended it to me.  Unfortunately I was on my way out of London that day and never got to a  bookstore, but the name stuck in my mind.  Four countries later (having  looked in Spanish and Portugese bookstores) I was desperately in need of  something more to read than my Let's Go and Thomas Cook (which I was near  having completely memorized). Lucky for me I was in Gibraltar where I found  a nice little english bookstore. Fortunately they didn't have  &quot;Travels...&quot;, but had this other book &quot;Neither Here, Nor  There.&quot; Since it was about Europe it only made sense to buy this book  and have a go at it.  Having just previously been or been close to all of  the places he highlights, I absolutely busted a gut every time I read a  chapter or two. I was throughly enjoying this book and looking forward to  fininshing it in tandem with finishing my own trip, when something ironic  occured in Italy. I had just been reading the chapter (laughing of course!)  where Bryson gets pickpocketed in the Italian quarter of Switzerland; that  night I was on a train to Rome when my backpack was nicked from underneath  me. Despite losing really really important stuff, I also lost &quot;Neither  Here, Nor There.&quot; I couldn't help but think of Brysons similar  situation which I had just read, thinking of this made my situation all the  more funny, despite not being able to finish my trip. The main point here,  although this is not your regular review format, is that Bryson is an  extremely witty writer and right on in his assesment/observations of Europe  and its people. Newsweek would say &quot;Brillianly Funny!&quot; I just say  if you've been to Europe, or know anything about it, read this book. It  doesn't matter if you've been to all the places or not, you'll still be  crying by the end each chapter! One word of caution; if you take this book  along and read it on your trip, he may rub off on you as you write in your  own journal. You'll begin to see places through a slighlty distorted,  although humorous, lens. I even started to write a bit like him. In any  case enjoy, and happy travels!  Oh yes, I would probably give this book a  five star rating, but I still haven't read the last few chapters; so all I  can say were that 4/5 of this book were excellent!oesn't matter if you've been to all the places or not, you'll still be  crying by the end each chapter! One word of caution; if you take this book  along and read it on your trip, he may rub off on you as you write in your  own journal. You'll begin to see places through a slighlty distorted,  although humorous, lens. I even started to write a bit like him. In any  case enjoy, and happy travels!  Oh yes, I would probably give this book a  five star rating, but I still haven't read the last few chapters; so all I  can say were that 4/5 of this book were excellent!
0380778556|5.0|Thirty years ago a high school English teacher wouldn't let me make a book  report on REBECCA because she said it was &quot;junk.&quot;  Now I am  amused to see that high school students have it on their  honors reading  lists.  It is nice to know that  REBECCA is finally acceptable because I  always  thought it was a great addition to &quot;literature&quot; as well  as being brilliantly entertaining.
B00000ADG2|4.0|Most Excellent...the feel of a classroom...education...reaches  youth...blend of many flavors...soul..hip hop...reggae...etc... one love  .....great messages. Get it.
0425105709|3.0|A reasonably interesting mystery.  In classic fashion it turns a simple  &quot;suicide&quot; into a case which could implicate and one of a number  of suspects.  However, it is less straightforward and easy to follow than  most of Agatha Christie's novels with the role of various characters not  fully explained.
B000002NJS|5.0|Since I was a teenager I never ever listened an album composed by Madonna  as her Ray of Light. The media and her also drop attention about Frozen.  But Ray of Light is also Drowned World, Swim, Nothing Really Matters and  The Power of Goodbye and I also thought that The Power of Goodbye is the  best Single of this album. Shes the same woman but with another point of  view. This album is the best concept of nineties Madonna's version, more  humam, mother and kind of magic. Thanks my forever Diva.
B000003NA4|3.0|The title &quot;Love Scenes&quot; says it all, this CD is dedicated to  love.<BR> Diana's performance is once again phenomenal, her voice more  sensuous than ever, her piano-playing has clearly matured, and the guest  musicians are simply amazing.<BR> This said, Diana please, sing more of the  Straighten Up, This can't be love or As long as I live of the debut album  &quot;Steppin' out&quot;. &quot;Love scenes&quot; is simply too mellow to  my taste, making it hard to listen to in one-go...
0399128964|5.0|This book is easily among the top five greatest science fiction books ever  written.  Frank Herbert leads the reader on a magnificent trail through the  life of one young boy and the fate of a planet.  If I could only read one  book in my life, this would be it.
B000000W5H|4.0|A bit conservative but very typically Rolling Stones !
B000002UBU|1.0|Not a good buy.  Does not even have the full-length version of American  Pie.
B000002JEV|5.0|Hey, if you were a Zeppelin fan you had it as a bootleg.  If you didn't,  pick this album up!  This album contains the energy of the earliest live  performance.  Forget The Song Remains The Same, that performance did not  carry the energy and creativity of the BBC performances.  It is good to  hear the new songs The Girl I Love and Something Else played in the  traditional Zeppelin way.  You will find that this is one album that will  not leave your CD player.
B000001E8S|5.0|I keep trying to ignore the fact that U2's &quot;Pop&quot; was ever  released.  &quot;Original Soundtracks I&quot; is what should have been, or,  at least, the direction in which they should have gone.  This is an  incredible collaborative effort that demonstrates strength in numbers.  I  pray that there will be more releases.
B00000ADG2|5.0|She is a real asset to the hip-hop community. I really enjoyed this CD. It  is so inspirational. Lauryn Hill has put her heart and soul into this CD.  It will make you laugh, cry, and think about the life you are living.
B000000I0D|5.0|An excellent instrumental first track, the classic Moonlight Shadow and  the spatiality sound of Foreign Affair make it a fantastic CD.
B000002J1B|3.0|Is it just a coincidence that producer/engineer Eddie Offord was canned  after Relayer? Plagued by lousy production, this was the first Yes album  that was actually painful to hear. A high-end distortion evident on the  mellotron and guitar passages was the equivalent of fingernails screeching  on a chalkboard. This sonic mess has been cleaned up on the digitally  remastered CD version, thankfully. As for the music itself, new keyboardist  Patrick Moraz seemed to influence the band into pursuing a more dissonant,  jazzier sound -  evident on the intrumental sections of The Gates Of  Delerium and Sound Chaser. The result? Moraz wasn't asked to hang around,  either. It took two more years for the band to musically get back on track  with Going For The One. Relayer has its moments (Soon, To Be Over), but  cracks were starting to appear in the Yes armor - armor that seemed  invincible just two years earlier with the huge success of Fragile.
B000005ZFN|5.0|Well, what can I say?  You can tell by my 'net name that I am a big fan of  Tull, but it doesn't get any better than this album (this is where the name's from, in fact!).  Never has a band been  so original that you simply CAN NOT listen to this and say \\"oh, that  sounds like every other band\\".  As has been mentioned in one or two of  the other reviews here, there are various outtakes available, known  collectively as the \\"Chateau D'Isaster\\" tapes.  This is Jethro  Tull during their greatest creative period.   It's true however that it usually takes some getting used to.  But that's  part of what makes it so great, it's not what you're used to hearing.  It  is original, creative, impressive, and full of meaning (hidden and  otherwise) which for the most part portrays Mankind realistically in a way  most people don't dare to confess to.  Dark, moody, and just plain bizarre.   I never tire of listening to this, and while the track divisions of the  gold disc are a great help in figuring out the actual story, I always  listen to this one from beginning to end, all 45 minutes of it.
0395282659|5.0|The first time I read The Hobbit, I could not stop until I had read The  Lord of the Rings. I kept going back to the library to get each book! I  still cannot read one book without reading all of them, from start to  finish.  The beautiful, in-depth descriptions are so clear-cut it is almost  like seeing a movie unfold in your mind. Tolkien obviously loved his  Middle-earth and wrote of it with a piercing sweetness, a sweetness much  like that of the High-elves of Lothlorien. Shelley describes it best:  &quot;Our sweetest songs often tell of saddest thought.&quot; Perhaps this  book is not for everyone, but for those who want to read a classic, filled  with chivalry, wizards, romance, and sheer fun, I hope you will give The  Hobbit and The Lord of the Ring a try.
B0000025VI|5.0|To my mind, Stevie Ray Vaughan's debut album &quot;Pride and Joy&quot; is  still his best. The songs are shorter, the guitar work more concise, and  the tone more consistent than his later albums. Song  structure tends to  stick close to traditional 12-bar blues, with most solos limited to 24 bars  (frequently less), in contrast to some of his later efforts, where epic  treatments were the order of the day. And while Vaughan obviously draws  heavily from his heroes, especially Albert King (just listen to King's  &quot;Blues at Sunrise&quot;), he remains one of the few blues or rock  soloists capable of creating extended phrases without ever sounding even  close to getting lost or running out of ideas, heavy-handed though his  playing sometimes was. But if you accept a definition of genius as doing  what talent can not, how many other guitar players can you name that were  better?
B000003S0D|3.0|By the time of their third album, Lizard, King Crimson was not so much a  band as a musical laboratory run by mad musical scientist Robert Fripp.  Interchangeable group members would come and go through his revolving door,  but Fripp's warped view of the universe remained the one constant. The  album meanders through assorted weirdness (Cirkus, Indoor Games, Happy  Family), while the extended Lizard song suite harkens back to The Devil's  Triangle, a disturbing exercise in dissonance from the second album (In The  Wake Of Posiedon). By the time Mr. Fripp closes the album with his wailing,  sustained guitar solo, only the most hard-core of Crimsonites will bravely  remain under the Big Top. A difficult album to digest for the uninitiated,  but recommended for the more adventurous listener. (Album highlight: Yes  vocalist Jon Anderson's guest appearance on Prince Rupert Awakes.)
B00000ADG2|5.0|This young lady's talent is incredible. What a musical  genius....beautiful, talented, and intelligent. I have listened to every  song on this CD and they are all hits!!! Go out and buy this one...its  hot!!!!
2218717166|5.0|This book is a must for serious students of French who want to easily  understand the conjugations of regular and irregular French verbs.   Bescherelle's is the best I've found.  I strongly recommend the French  version because it forces you to read French directions instead of a  translation.
B000002LR3|5.0|True to it's reputation, this album continues to inspire.  The melodic  trippiness of such  classics as Loaded, Higher Than The Sun, and Moving On  Up is timeless, and the Scream must go down as one of the  best ever ...  and now there's Vanishing Point!
B000000OTY|3.0|I am a Peter Gabriel fan, and I own every album he has put out; but this  is the one that gathers the most dust. I would recommend listening to Plays  Live for a live PG fix.
0671510991|4.0|As a student of political science this book has provided me essential  knowledges about international relations and the history of diplomacy. I  consider it indispensable for those as like me are studing this type of  subjects.
B000002I2I|3.0|I have written two reviews that have been published on Amazon.com for \\"Morrison Hotel\\", one from 1998 and one from 2004.  Here they both are.  Mike London, 9-30-2012<br />-----<br />Review 1<br />*** This is the worst of the six studio records by The Doors, September 1, 1998 (3 of 5 people found this review helpful)<br /><br />You want a bad record, this is the one to buy. The Doors lost it totally on this one. They totally submersed themselves in blues, leaving nothing of the cool psychedelia that I love about them left (save for Peace Frog and maybe Waiting for the Sun). I like some blues, but more of an average fan. I can't stand the fact that The Doors did basically a whole album of them. On the next record they prove they can mix psychedelia with blues, and to a very nice effect too. Why didn't they do that on this one, save for maybe one or two songs?<br /><br />Now, after that basically hostile review of this record, I confess I do rather like it. Its a rather fine selextion of good songs. It has some very nice playing. The whole record is excellent ... just not for The Doors. The Doors were cool and psychedelic and all this jazzy stuff, and they abandon it for one album instead of balancing it out like they did on L.A. Woman. Altho' Roadhouse Blues (listening to it now) is one of my all time favorite songs by any band. Would have made one heck of a single. (I know it was released as a single. But I think they should have done it like a Beatles single ... some of the best Beatles songs aren't on their regular albums). Roadhouse Blues is one of The Doors finest songs, IMO. You Make Me Real ... it doesn't appeal to me a all. Peace Frog is one of my fav Doors songs ... and the rest is alright. If you like bluesy material, get this and L. A. Woman.<br /><br />The Doors records can be divided up like this ... the first two are psychedelic masterpieces. The Doors (Debut record) is one of my all time favorites. The first side has a very large amount of sentimental value to me ... the first 6 songs on that in that sequence reminds me so much of thins long past. The End is one of my all time fav songs. Strange Days is an excellent record too. The whole thing just rocks on ... especially When The Music's Over. Strange Days (song) is excellent too. WFTS and Soft Parade is what is generally regarded as their lackluster albums (tho' I like both of them ... tho' I do feel Soft Parade is a failed Sgt Pepper) To me, Waiting for the Sun has some excellent songs on it. Compared to the two previous records, it is inferior. But on its own it stands rather well. (Tho' I do think \\"My Wild Love\\" is the worst song ever recorded by The Doors, and is defiant filler). \\"Five To One\\" is The Doors are that most disturbing socially. Then we move to The Soft Parade. Its oft the most redicculed of all their records. I rather like it, tho' I do agree it's a weak set of songs. It still has a nice charm to it, and is one of my favorite 60's records. It sounded that they tried to make a failed Sgt Pepper (That's how it struck me anyway). My only complaint is that the B-Side Who Scared You didn't make it onto this album (which easily tops most of the album), and that the last half of the title cut gets rather redundant. Do It is kind of cool, but not much to the lyrics. (Unfortuantely, they gave an edited form of Who Scared You on the Box Set ... its missing about 45 seconds and a very important verse). Add more sounds to their line up. and their two blues albums, this and L. A. Woman, are the last stage in the surviving original line up. (The next two records they did are currently unavaiable, and have Manzarek handling the vocals. One's called Full Circle, other, Other Voices. How Ironic.). Go with L. A. Woman. Morrison Hotel/Hard Rock Caf is The Doors doing straight blues, save for one or two songs, and even those have blues flavours. It is an excellent record, but I perfer to see them do psychedelia. Roadhouse Blues is one of the best songs ever written though. Very classic rock right there! L. A. Woman is The Doors at their end. (Just listen to Morrison's voice on that one!). At last Jimmy boy's boozin' and druggy days had caught up with him and was showing on his voice. Still they turn in a fine record, showing they can balance Blues and Psychedelia all on one album. Has the classic cut Riders on the Storm, along with other tracks such as the title cut and the radio ready hit Love Her Madly. The W.A.S.P. (Texas Radio and the Big Beat) is one of the trippiest lyrics ever to come from The Doors (and that is saying a lot!), and is one of my favs. L'America is very good too. Don't miss this one!<br /><br />(Queen of the Highway is really cool ... so is Maggie M'Gill. Indian Summer is a nice ballad. Very Slow). Get The Doors or Strange Days ... those are the best. All in all, a pretty good record, but for who it is, makes me sad they left psychedelia for this. if taken everything into account, actually The Soft Parade or Waiting for the Sun is their worst. But honestly I like them better and think they're better records.<br />.<br />.<br />.<br />.<br />-----<br />Review 2<br />*** Great music, but doesn't have that true Doors atmosphere,June 11, 2004 (5 of 8 people found this review helpful)<br /><br />MORRISON HOTEL, The Doors' fifth lp, strips away the psychedelic pretensions of their first two albums, the mediocrity of their third album, and the (largely failed) progressive rock of THE SOFT PARADE. Recorded and produced in 1970, during which country rock was taking over and singer-songwriters were just emerging, The Doors changed directions entirely, turning in a much more basic, bluesy album than their earlier work. Music like The Band and Dylan's country-rock albums were supplanting psychedelic music. Since The Doors were rapidly finding themselves at a musical dead end, they too took their que from their peers. Whether that is a good thing or not is up to you decide. I believe much of the reinvention was dueto needing to survive artistically.<br /><br />While barreling through this barroom blues set, The Doors play it straight more than on any other album. While LA WOMAN followed this same basic rock-blues template, it followed enough musical and lyrical detours to make it a compelling listen. On MORRISON HOTEL, though, this basic rock and roll simply doesn't do much for me. Not because it's bad, but it's just not that weird, lyrically startling, and wonderfully idiosyncratic music that they had been making. Much of The Doors' identity was put on hold here. There are a few numbers here (\\"Roadhouse Blues,\\" \\"Waiting for the Sun,\\" and \\"Peace Frog\\") that show The Doors can still be their wonderfully unique selves while still playing blues-rock.<br /><br />The rest of the songs, however, don't feel like Doors songs. The just feel like barroom blues rock. Overall very good blues-rock, but most of these songs don't have that unique Doors imprint, that very quirky song-writing style that drew me to them in the first place. Anybody could have written \\"You Make Me Real,\\" \\"Blue Sunday,\\" \\"Land Ho,\\" and the majority of this album. But only The Doors could write something as strangely beautiful as \\"Peace Frog,\\" or \\"Waiting for the Sun,\\" or \\"Texas Radio and the Big Beat,\\" or \\"Rides on the Storm.\\" So while, oddly enough, it is a good album with some great songs (love \\"Queen of the Highway\\" and \\"Maggie MaGill\\"), it's my least favorite Doors album. MORRISON HOTEL's biggest problem is it never gets past its back-to-the-basics approach to that wonderfully weird band called The Doors.<br /><br />Bottom line: good basic blues rock and roll, but doesn't have that unique Doors atmosphere that the other five albums do. Even with THE SOFT PARADE, their weakest album, it is undeniably a Doors album filled with a very strange, quirky atmosphere. Anybody could have written bulk of MORRISON HOTEL; only The Doors could play that weird, poetic blues-rock found on LA WOMAN.
0517053616|5.0|This book (even if it isn't the best quality) is absolute genius.  Shakespeare had a way with words so that he could make the simplest phrase  sound eloquent.  This book is a must see for anyone who enjoys classic  literature.
B000002IZ4|5.0|Its hard to believe the mediocro review I've read on this one.  This is  one of my all time favorite records.  This is one of the few records that I  can think of that (for me) does not have a single weak track on it.   Everyone of them I like and I really dig.  To me, this is like a greatist  hits collections ... save it is a regular album.  I cannot think of a  single album that every track works this well (save I guess for Led Zep IV  ... but the last cut on that I like now, but it took to grow on me).  Its  like I feel everyone of these songs could be a hit grunge single.  This is  Sixteen Stone on a bigger scale.  Sixteen stone, the five hit singles off  of that everyone of them I really dig, espically Comedown, Glycerine,  Machine Head, and Little Things (dang, just about name all five ; )).  Any  album that has songs like that has to be awsome ... espically five of them.   This whole record is like that for me.  Even the end track ... kind of  like a silly novelty track.  (Its screams Yellow Submarine, which is the  ultimate noveltry track).  Everyone of them I made a connection too  instantly, and dug instantly.  (I  can't say that about even Sgt Pepper,  which is one of my all time favorit records ... should read my review on  that one on Amazon ... I'm the one  that says they tried to take us on a  Magical Mystery Tour and they succeded with that record Sgt Pepper.).<br />The  funny thing about it is, to me this record is two tracks short.  I could  have sworn on all holy that Dancing Days was on there.  In fact, I never  knew it was a Zep song untill I was taping off Houses of the Holy (another  great record btw) off the Radio and that came on.  That reallly tripped me  out.  So I went to this record thinking it was on here trying to find it.   I findly found the track on Encomium (Led Zep Tribute Album).  I still  think of that has a STP song, and it (the Zep version) seems weird and  unnatural, altho' I do like it.  The next is Trippin' On A Hole In A Paper  Heart which is on their next record.  It would have fit perfectly with this  CD.  Same quality, same mood, same everything.  Its the lost Purple track.   I dig it as much as I dig the whole of this album.<br />This is one of my  fav's of all time, the whole thing is extremly catchy.  There is not a  single bad tune on it, and that is saying a lot.  Many bands have different  songs I really love a lot (like I Alone by Live), but none of the grunge  bands have crammed this many onto one album.  The WHOLE album is great.   The closet someone comes to this is Bush on Sixteen Stone.  (Sorry ... is  it just me but save for the some of the songs on the first side, did  Razorblade Suitcase pretty much suck and Deconstructed absoletly horrible?)
0446605409|2.0|I discovered De Mille some years ago with The Charm School --a  Soviest-against-Americas yarn that for once was original, well  characterized and well written. Afterwards, I've found some of De Mille's  work excellent, especially The Gold Coast and The General's Daughter.  Unfortunately, Plum Island is a blot on my personal scorecard on the  author. The main character is an unconvincing cross between an overboiled  Sam Spade and an overbearing wisecracker. The witticisms ARE witty --and  manage to provoque a few laughs-- but there's simply too much wisecracking  and not enough depth in the main character. The story line is not full of  the sharp twists and turns you've come to expect from his mountain-road  like plots, but much more like an expressway where the curves are wide and  you can always see the opposite traffic coming. And like expressways, it  gets boring after a while --especially when the killer is uncoveiled 100  plus pages before a somewhat anti-climactic finale. A pity that De Mille  hasn't tried harder --especially when one knows he can and should do  better.
0805017305|5.0|This book used to be (and may still be) on the reading list for new  freshmen at UC Berkeley...and for good reason...  It is the definitive  history of the Native American's treatment at the hands of Caucasian  Americans...  It isn't too far a stretch, IMHO, to say that any person who  thinks that Native Americans have had it easy in this country and reads  this book will have their beliefs radically changed...  It is infuriating,  rivoting, moving, and thought-provoking...  And Brown seems to just  &quot;tell it like it is&quot;, without preaching or sermonizing...  There  are many passages that will move every person who reads it to tears because  it is just so, so sad...
1884822312|5.0|I'm less than 1/10th of the way through, and I think this is (by far and  away) the best chess puzzle book I have ever owned.<br />If you are going on a  long car trip, buy this first. If you don't have the attention span for a  full game, or can't find a partner to play with at 2am, dust this off. It  makes great reading before bed.
B000001ZS5|5.0|This is one of the early and the best works of Jean Michel Jarre. In my  opinion, this is actually one of the best musical creations in the recent  history.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill can't miss. Naturally beautiful, sings AND raps, writes,  directs AND produces...she is the complete package and proves it on this  cd! You want to listen to it for the sheer beauty and strength of it, you  have to listen to it for the lessons she teaches. We waited a long time for  baby girl to do it on her own and it is more than worth it.
B000001ZS4|5.0|This is one of the first and the best works of Jean Michel Jarre. In my  opinion, this is actually one of the best musical creations in the recent  history.
1574530011|5.0|I picked up this book at the Los Angeles airport waiting for my flight to  Sydney Australia.  I thought it would be a good read and because of its  length I wouldn't get through it even with the 14 hour flight.  <br />It is  such an awe-inpsiring book.  It makes you look out after you are done  reading a chapter and see things.  It made me see the people in the  airplane in a whole new light.  While I can't say what is the truth, nor  can I say why we are here.  I can only ask questions just like anyone else.   It is through these questions that Jostein Gaarder makes us ask that  eventually will solve some of the more mysterious questions of life.
B000001Y79|5.0|When I first heard this album I thought it was good. Now I think its  great. And Spiderwebs is on of my favorite songs of all time. WAY TO GO NO  DOUBT!
B000002MY3|5.0|To everyone out there considering bying this CD, I have to say :'Go for  it!' It has given me a new outlook on many tings in life and has helped me  through some very hard times. The way she converts her feelings into such a  outspoken way is magnificent and I personly envy that. But I can bind every  song with something that has happened or is happening to me,it has given me  the courage to fight the shit hole of a life I have at the moment and do  something with my life!!! ----------------Thanks Alanis!!!!----------------
0804102988|4.0|Sarum is an enormously ambitious work.  Sarum is the ancient name for  Salisbury and the author writes a fictionalized history of Salisbury that  starts in pre-historical times and continues to 1987.  That he succeeds in  weaving such a complicated tapestry is a testament to his extraordinary  research, his wonderfully firm grasp of human personality, and his  fast-paced dramatic writing. Sarum is many things but it is most of all a  good read.<br />By lacing his narrative with so much believable period detail,  he makes the universals of his story immediate and fresh.  The novel  involves five different families as they rise and fall in fortune  throughout the ages of Sarum. Especially vibrant are Rutherford's portraits  of significant characters in the Mason family. The author may have a  special understanding of this family because they are artisans.  Nooma-ti,  the physically homely founder of the family, is in charge of the  construction of Stonehenge. His dedication to his craft and his personal  problems with his adulterous wife are riveting.<br />Even more powerful,  indeed the most fascinating accomplishment in his work, is the portrait of  medieval architect Osmund Mason. Like his distant ancestor, Osmund is  physically unprepossessing and  like him, he finds relief in his art. On  two of the most important occasions of his life, Osmund seizes victory from  defeat by transforming frustration and humiliation into art.<br />As  Rutherford skillfully takes Sarum into the modern era, he dramatizes the  enormous changes that take place as the effect countries, families, and  individuals, along with the emotional constants that characterize the human  personality in any culture.
0062502182|5.0|A fantastic work by a gifted author, this book brought to me a new way to  see things.  It is well-written, concise and clear.  The meaning of the  story is one you will discover for yourself and the journey will be as  enjoyable as the book-'Maktub'.
0451160916|5.0|I was unable to put this book down, and jumped at every noise in the  house! It is a must read for suspense lovers. The book was much better than  the movie, although I pictured Jack Nicholson as Jack Torrence. The Shining  is the best Stephen King novel.
B000002UAO|5.0|If, in coming to the Beatles for the first time, you want a quick lesson  in just how quickly and remarkably this group evolved in an astonishing  short period of time, first listen to their debut album, &quot;Please  Please Me,&quot; then pull out a copy of &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; an album  made just two years after the heady days of early Beatlemania. The  difference between these albums is striking. As good as &quot;Please Please  Me&quot; is, there is nothing about it that points to &quot;Rubber  Soul,&quot; and as essential as the Beatles early recordings are to any  understanding of rock and pop, nothing anticipates the outstanding artistry  of this album. There are really four albums in rock music that raised the  bar prior to &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot; the album that would exceed them all.  Bob Dylan's &quot;Highway 65 revisited,&quot; The Beach Boys &quot;Pet  Sounds,&quot; and two from the Beatles: &quot;Revolver&quot; and  &quot;Rubber Soul.&quot; In some ways it is &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; that is  the most important, because it points toward new musical directions without  breaking entirely from the rich traditions that the Beatles mastered so  easily. As usual, the Beatles succeed in re-shaping the sonic landscape.  &quot;Norwegian Wood,&quot; (the first rock song, by the way, to have its  lyrics printed in an anthology of English poetry) is so breathtakingly  different than anything before it that one is left without the proper words  to describe the listening experience. It's not only Harrison's introduction  of the sitar (an event that would be repeated hundreds of times by other  artists to less effect), or Lennon's cryptic lyrics conveyed through his  incomparable voice, it is the whole *sound* of it - the sheer sonic sweep  of the song that can send chills down the spine of even the most hardened  cynic. &quot;In My Life&quot; casts a similar spell, one of rocks most  beautiful and intelligent love songs wrapped in a musical package of  indescribable beauty. &quot;Nowhere Man,&quot; a work of aural purity,  remains to this day one of a masterpiece of the song. &quot;The Word&quot;  confidently anticipates the Summer of Love by two years,  &quot;Michelle&quot; represents the quintessence of innocent longing,  &quot;You Won't See Me&quot; and &quot;Girl&quot; deftly dissolve the  boundaries of pop romanticism. Even the &quot;lesser cuts&quot; - for lack  of a better term (for there is no filler on this or any other Beatle album)  such as &quot;What Goes On&quot;, &quot;If I Needed Someone,&quot; and  &quot;Wait&quot; possess a charm and refreshing sincerity that infects the  listener with a sense of candid mood and well-contained sentiment. Quite  simply, &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; is a rare and enduring masterpiece. Only  the Beatles could conceive it, only the Beatles could perform it.  If you  are thinking of an album to begin your Beatles collection, look no further  than &quot;Rubber Soul.&quot;
0399143904|5.0|Tom Clancy has written his best thriller to date, and it is a chilling  book with a plausible plot that scares the hell out of any knowledgeable  reader. As a practicing physician, I found that the viability of the  terrorist consipiracy described in the book is too close for comfort. As  our politically correct world moves closer and closer to having more  respect for the rights of animals over those of humans, this book  chronicles an excellent plot where environmental terrorists take aim at the  human population. Dismissing humans as parasites on the planet, the  terrorists seek to eleminate all but the elect which is composed of their  little group of environmental wackos. They have the tools to accomplish the  task, and only John Clark and his Rainbow Six unit save the world. What a  wonderful read for people who demand plots that are plausible and  frightening in their potential reality. This is the best Clancy book in  recent memory.
0446364495|4.0|For a man to find a book that just rips at his inner soul, finding both  pain and a book to laugh at is almost unheard of.  When I read this book I  was in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, on a Navy ship.  I could realy  relate with this book.
0670880728|1.0|I'm so glad my life is not like this.  This is so unrealistic.  For  someone to constantly check weight, calories, fags.... on a daily basis --  no wonder she isn't married or can truly concentrate on a relationship as  the total focus of her life is herself. I travel to Europe pretty regularly  and have never read this author's column (if I had done so I would have not  purchased this book).  Come back to reality......
0812931017|5.0|Wow, at last. I have read several biographies about Branson, but an  autobiography has got to be a must.<br />Like many businessmen it is probably  the inspiration from the boldness of his approaches that are most valuable.  It is a kind of &quot;you can do that? How can I apply this to  myself?&quot;
B0000028MA|5.0|After six years this is still my favorite album.  Almost every song is  perfect and perfectly placed.  Not only the songs from the big name acts,  but also from other bands you may not be familiar with like Mother Love  Bone and Paul Westerberg.  I don't really like the &quot;Seattle  Sound,&quot; but if you're into quality songs, you'll definitely like this  album.  Quite simply the best rock soundtrack ever.
0552124753|5.0|Terry Pratchett has a weird mind, to come up with the stuff he thinks of  you would have to have a weird mind, but that doesn't mean it's not funny  on the contrary it's hilarious. &quot;The Colour of Magic&quot; is the  first of the Discworld series and a perfect introduction to the series.  Meet Rincewind, a failed Wizard, Twoflower, a tourist, and the Luggage, a  traveler's dream and a bagsnatcher's worst nightmare. A novel of invariable  delight.
B000000OTY|5.0|Rare is the &quot;live&quot; album that captures the experience and energy  of the actual concert.  Having seen Gabriel's Secret World Tour in person,  this CD is almost as good as being there.  (In some ways it is better: you  don't have some mope in front of you that you can't see around, or some  person behind you yelling &quot;this is so cool&quot; during every song.)   Gabriel's music normally entrances the soul; on this album, his music  enters your soul so it becomes a part of the music and the experience.  If  you are a Peter Gabriel fan, you must own this album.  If you are one who  simply &quot;likes&quot; Gabriel, you will enjoy this album.  Many  &quot;casual&quot; Gabriel fans have commented on how this album is far  better than they expected, and how they can listen to it again and again  and again. The only better way to capture this concert experience is  through the Secret World Live film.
0062502182|5.0|I read this book to my husband (62) and son (10) while we were out of the  country.  We represent 3 generations and all loved this story.  We couldn't  wait to read it each evening.  It teaches valuable life lessons; I'm happy  my son enjoyed it.
1573220485|4.0|This is a terrific book.<br />  The constant labeling as a &quot;Generation  X&quot; or &quot;twenty-something&quot; novel does it a real disservice. I  enjoyed it a lot and am not of that age group - or supposed mind set. You  don't have to be a 1920's flapper to appreciate &quot;The Great  Gatsby&quot; or a 1950s beat to appreciate &quot;On The Road&quot; , so  don't worry about labels and enjoy this thought provoking book.
B0000028RR|2.0|Rage Against the Machine is a prime example of a great band ruined by an  extremely annoying lead singer and unintentionally stupid lyrics. While   I'm sympathetic with the politics that Rage purports to espouse, the lyrics  on their self-titled debut amount to little more than empty-headed  sloganeering. Even worse, the lead singer's minstrel-like attempts at  &quot;rapping&quot; would be offensive if they weren't so lame. This jerk  almost makes me long for Vanilla Ice.<br />What saves this album from complete  worthlessness is the band's brilliant punk-funk-metal fusion. If this had  been strictly an instrumental album, I would have given it at least 5  stars. As it stands, it barely gets 2.  Recommended for those who like to  think about &quot;important&quot; issues, but not too deeply.
0345308239|1.0|The overall idea of the book is excellent; that is, decisions of the past  must be judged in the light of the times.  We cannot judge past  civilizations and their decisions by our standards.  While the idea of how  we should view history is excellent the execution of the concept in this  book is horribly flawed.  The author allows her bias to overflow into every  passage.  Nowhere is this retelling of history accomplished from a neutral  point of view.  This destroys the good premise behind the book.  Anyone  reading this book and agreeing with it will simply be agreeing with the  liberal point of view of the author who adopts modern liberal western  thought in reviewing the decisions of the past and condemns those who did  not think like modern western liberals. The author fails to follow the  basic premise of the book and thus destroys her credibility.
0816158134|5.0|I was in Eight th grade when I first read this novel, I cried so hard. the  realistic views are profound.  Francie Nolan was a true heroine in most  aspects.  I've read this novel over twenty times and each one was better  than the last.  I strongly recommend this book to all women old and young  alike.
B000002UDV|5.0|This album is the greatest ever anyone who has it knows how lyicaly and  musical magnificance it is.
B0000033TE|3.0|Considered the ultimate ELP album by many, Brain Salad Surgery lacks the  one element that made the band's earlier albums such classic masterpieces:  contrast. Gone are the subtleties and contrasting musical shades of  previous songs like Take A Pebble, The Endless Enigma or Trilogy. Here, the  band pummels the ears with over-heated bombast - both musically and  vocally. Karn Evil 9 is the epic, but by the time you get to 3rd  Impression, it all starts to sound just a little ridiculous (especially  when the &quot;computer&quot; steps up to the microphone near the end).  Something was definitely amiss at this point in the band's history - after  Brain Salad Surgery, ELP entered a downward spiral from which they never  recovered.
0399143904|1.0|After Executive Orders I told myself that I would give him one more  chance. He had his chance with R6 and blew it. Boring characters, bad  dialog, implausible plot, questionable political (and moral) ideologies....  R6 has it all! Hopefully he'll reread Hunt for Red October and re-realize  what it takes to make a good book!
B000002KON|5.0|This forgotten collection from 1969 is one of the best in pure pop music.   Ray Davies is in top song writing form and the production is a joy to  behold. Brother Dave Davies' guitar work is worth the price of the cd-  exquisite! Power chords and punched up horns- oh my!  Great pop music and a  must have for any real Kinks fan- play loud and enjoy!! (Play  &quot;Victoria&quot; again and again.)
B000002GXS|3.0|While the album has some stand out classics (the heart of saturday night  being the best by miles) Waits has been on better form, and from subsequent  albums develop his style further. Comparing this to some of his other early  phase albums, (blue valentine, small change, etc.) this is filled with some  fairly average tunes. Stick to &quot;the asylum years&quot; collection,  that has all the good tracks from this and other early albums.
B0000025GW|5.0|In my estimation this album contains some of Dylan's best. Its honest in  its message, excellent musically and lyrically. I think the song &quot;I  Believe in You&quot; is incredibly poignant, portraying the true cost of  discipleship and taking up your own cross.  Themes like that are dismissed  by people who are so closed-minded they miss the beauty therein.  All in  all its a groovy, rockin' album.  I give it two thumbs up.
B000002UAO|5.0|As an album, I don't like this one as much as Sgt. Pepper, Revolver, The  White Album or Abbey Road.  However, this is still an excellent album-I'd  say one of the best of all-time.<br />I'm also a little partial to the album  because it contains &quot;In My Life,&quot; which might be my all-time  favorite song-whenever I hear it, it sends chills down my spine.  I don't  know of any other song that can do that to me.<br />So, buy this album!
0553296981|5.0|Anne Frank died a few weeks before the concentration camp she was in was  liberated by the Allies.  But, she is immortal as she had wished - through  her writing.  Not a precocious child's view of the world, but the girl's  interrupted journey to womanhood, a journey speeded up and twisted by a  strange kind of prison - hiding herself from the Nazis and her identity  from everyone but us, her readers.  To us, she has been more than  generous.<br />The bitter irony of this beautiful book (beautiful not for only  for its writing but also for the poignacy of what it promised from its  doomed author)is that the central act of the book, the betrayal of Anne and  the others in the Annex, is not a part of the narrative but instead forms a  crystallizing epilogue.  And even more ironic, had the betrayal not  occurred, the Annex would remain undiscovered, the diary would carry on  until filled and hidden away from the world, and the Holocaust would have  lost its most elegant and human voice.  But then, we would still have Anne  the author, alive and still writing.  A terrible price to pay.<br />But as I  said, she lives forever in the book.  Be kind to yourself and meet this  remarkable young woman.
B0000029AL|5.0|bueno por empezar me parece buenisimo porque todos los temas que saca  estan buenaos yo creo que de todos los que escuche nunca hubo uno malo  todos estan buenos, bueno creo que diciendo eso te das cuenta lo que creo  de aerosmith <br />digamos en resumen es lo mas
B000000WCA|1.0|That pretty much says it! How could ANYONE like the Spice Girls?????  Ew[...] I guess their music is just not my style! IT is so loud and gross.  If you like it you must have ears set for being able to hear loud music!  Sing about something like nature, not love, Spice Girls! Ick, ick, ick.
B000002NHN|5.0|Book of Secrets is a wonderfully rich and textured CD.  The music has a  distinct middle eastern sound blended skillfully with Celtic flavor.  It's  a family favorite.  Loreena McKennitt is a very talented artist.
B000002HO3|5.0|Greatest Hits by Simply Red is a wonderfully relaxing album. Not elevator  music, but yet a smooth album to listen to. Simply Red  has a strong voice  that is easy to listen to. A good cd to put on after a tense day at work,  when a little relaxation is in order.
0375402675|5.0|I just finished reading Rainbow Six by John Clancy.  It is a GREAT read!   I could barely put it down.  It had action from the very first page to the  epilogue.<br />Clancy did a wonderful job of developing the characters and  bringing characters from the past back in this novel.  You got to see John  Clark become a granfather and Ding Chaves become a father.<br />I would highly  recommend this book to everyone who likes the techno/political/thrillers.
0385484518|5.0|This is the real thing, a story about deep loss and soaring redemption.   It portrays and promotes a gentleness that reminds me of &quot;The Prince  Mammoth Pumpkin~A Parable&quot; by James Adams. This book will touch your  soul.
0399143904|1.0|This book is a let-down. I have followed Jack Ryan's life through many of  Clancy's books and this latest pales in comparison. It left many questions  such as: 1) Why was it necessary for the villians to research into Clark -  contributing to the exposure of the Russian agent? 2) Why was it necessary  to keep the agent alive if the objective is near? 3) Why the need to use  the method of delivery? Why was there only one delivery? Why wait until the  end of the event? All said, the villians are made to be unrealistically  stupid. And the ending is a real disappointment.
B000002N25|5.0|This the best of its type of music.  Extraordinary musicianship, great  lyrics, great production.<br />Check out the &quot;live&quot; video:   spectacular!!  <br />I would not miss his next concert for anything!
0060926317|1.0|Ms. Morgan implies that no primitive Australian tribe has been previously  studied.  For her information, the native tribes of Australia have been the  focus of intensive study by anthropologists since the 1880s, studies which  have generated not only an impressive body of detailed ethnographies, but  which have also been at the center of major theoretical essays, from  Durkheim's ELEMENTARY FORMS OF THE RELIGIOUS LIFE to Levi-Strauss's  ELEMENTARY STRUCTURES OF KINSHIP.  She makes no reference to this  literature; the historical sources which she does cite are exclusively 19th  century, which explains (but does not justify) their extremely racist  character.       Now, Morgan chooses to label her work &quot;fiction&quot;,  in order, she says, to protect the identities of her friends and  informants.  Thus, the reader is left with the implication that, aside from  the issue of privacy, this work is genuine ethnography.<br />     My knowledge  of native Australians is based on having done field research for my  doctoral dissertation among native peoples of Cape York Peninsula, followed  by keeping up with the Australian ethnographic literature for the  subsequent thirty five years, in order to maintain the integrity of the  university courses that I taught during that period.<br />     If, indeed,  Morgan's is genuine ethnography, then it follows that her people ought to  share with other Australian tribes certain cultural characteristics, as  follows:<br />1.   Australian tribal peoples live in a world overwhelmingly  dominated by kinship; that is, in a world where people deal with each other  as kinfolk.  Personal names are rarely used; people call each other and  refer to each other by kin terms; the full range of interpersonal behavior,  including both fighting and sexual encounters, take place between and among  kinfolk.  Morgan's tribe apparently was an exception; the names given in  her book are not kin-based.  Furthermore, they do not appear to engage in  sexual encounters.  There is one brief reference to &quot;marriage  ceremonies&quot;, which have never been reported for other native  Australians. <br />2.   Conflict management has been a major focus of  Australian ethnographies; Morgan's people appear to live in a state of  blissful harmony.<br />3.   For the most part, in traditional Australian  tribes, the management of the ritual life was exclusively in the hands of  adult males; women were peripheral to some ceremonies, and completely  barred from others.  Rituals were exclusively tied to bodies of ancestral  tales specifically owned by designated kin-groups, and performed only with  the expressed consent of the adult male members of such groups.<br />4.   It  is hard to know what to make of Morgan's &quot;initiation&quot; into this  tribe; published accounts of initiations are not into tribes, but rather,  into adult statuses.  Such accounts never include &quot;tests&quot;: such  as Morgan claims to have been subjected to.<br />5.   Travel by local groups  over long distances, through other tribal territories, is highly unlikely.   Contrary to Morgan, native claims to land ownership have not vanished in  Australia; the Outstation movement has sucessfully reaffirmed such claims  in a number of cases.<br />     Volumes of fiction have been written based  solidly on ethnographic fact, from Laura Bohannan's RETURN TO LAUGHTER to  Tony Hillerman's Navajo mysteries.  Morgan seems to be trying for  Hillerman's vivid and authentic sense of ethnographic presence, but as I  see it, her book has more in common with Carlos Castaneda's fantasies.
0812550706|5.0|Every time I read this I think it's the best scifi book out.  Then I read  Speaker for the Dead and think it is.  Then I read Xenocide and throw up.   Oh well, no series is perfect.  <br />If you have not read this book do it.
044651506X|1.0|The lead character is about as boring and boorish as they come, but every  woman he meets has the hots for him.  I found myself rooting for the bad  guys because they were so much more likeable.  Skip this one in favor of  any of Demille's other books.
0399143904|2.0|Only after reading Rainbow Six did I look up the reviews. I must agree  with what seems to be the majority opinion...Clancy's worst to date.<br />I  was annoyed by the repeated phrases, the unnatural inclusion of technical  information, and what seemed like a lot of filler.
B000000OSO|5.0|best c.d. from a terrific artist who knows what he's doing all the songs  have meaning to them and they sure as hell make you think
B000000WHX|4.0|...though their other albums are each great in their own right.  Actually,  I heard &quot;Protection&quot; and &quot;Mezzanine&quot; before I picked up  &quot;Blue Lines&quot;, and I was amazed by the soulfulness of the latter.   This album owes a lot to soul, R and B, and hip-hop, and it makes me wonder  how the moniker &quot;trip-hop&quot; was born.  Horace Andy is great on  this album, much better than he is on &quot;Mezzanine&quot;, and Tricky's  good, too.  The title track is my favorite, I love driving around the city  and listening to it.  Definitely get it!
B000001FRY|4.0|Having followed U2 since the early days of the Dandillion Market in Dublin  this is the album i always go back to. It can only be appreciated without  the clutter of the follow up albums, great as they may be. It includes all  those qualities we leave behind as we grow older, the exuberence of youth,  lack of fear with a little bit of 'up the establishment' thrown in. The  equipment used was basic and Bonos voice was barely broken but it works,  screeching cords (great echo unit) solid base with Mullins showing the  potential that was going to make him into one of the best drummers.<br />Best  track is into the heart / an chat dubh (the black cat for non Irish  speakers)<br />By it, listen to it and you will learn to love it. Always play  it LOUD
B000000HHE|5.0|The definitive hip-hop album.  They called it way back when, late 80's or  something, and this album is only just now starting to sound old school to  me.  Hardly any albums have stuck with me for 10 years, and 3 feet high and  rising is one of the few.  De La knew that before all the poses came into  effect in the mainstream, this music was all about the party, the good  time, the jokes, the dancing.  Did any one ever answer the quiz show  questions?
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill speaks to, for, and of the people in her intense pattern of  lyrical resonance.  The truth of her words devour you, the intense beats  hypnotize you, and the message changes your perspective--or gives you  perspective if you'd lacked it before witnessing the harmonic therapy of  Lauryn Hill.  &quot;To Zion&quot; sounds like an African chant praising the  birth of a savior.  Hill defines birth and the feeling of motherhood as no  one else has.  The imagery of the lyrics leave me believing in the strength  of Mary and the life of her son, in the possibility of heaven, God,  liberation, love, and spirits.  Thank you Ms.Hill for reintroducing reality  to a society lost in the quest for &quot;Benjamins.&quot;
6300271285|5.0|The play was great, this is great!  This is what got me sooo interested in  the play!  I LOVE this show!  Rick Moranis is perfect, Ellen Greene is  classic, and Steve Martin steals the show!     END
B000002UB3|5.0|Perhaps the most amazing thing about &quot;Abbey Road,&quot; the Beatles  final opus, is the high quality achieved by the Beatles in spite of  difficult circumstances for the individual members of the group.Abbey Road  is yet another example of how the Beatles as a group transcended not only  the sum of their parts but the whole of their times. With Abbey Road, the  Beatles end their recording career on top, and not just on top as the  greatest band of the 1960s, but rather as the greatest band in the history  of rock music and popular song. In spite of the tension that almost  destroyed the &quot;Get Back&quot; sessions, Lennon and McCartney could  still work magic in the recording studio. Abbey Road may be less innovative  compared to  &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; and &quot;Revolver,&quot; and in some  ways even &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; but it is still an album of high  creativity, multiple texture, diversity of form, and expansive artistic  imagination - and probably their most polished work overall. (Polished in  the Beatles sense - that is, perfectly and tastefully produced and  engineered.) The songs themselves, as usual, are another testament to the  inexhaustible ability of the Beatles to invent fresh and melodically pure  music. &quot;Come Together&quot; is another example of the  Beatle's  mastery over the relationship between lyric and sound, and it is probably  Lennon's last great contribution to the group. &quot;I Want You (She's So  Heavy) is yet another example of the Beatles willingness to press  boundaries, and their great success at doing so. &quot;I Want You&quot;  points the band in yet another new direction,one that was, sadly, never  pursued. Paul's &quot;Oh Darling!&quot; rocks hard and slow, a blend of  fifties Little Richard bravado with a more contained B.B. King style blues.  The McCartneyesque song sequence on the &quot;B&quot; side (with the  Beatles there are no true &quot;B&quot; sides)anticipates Paul's own best  work in the early to mid-seventies, only far superior to his best solo  material as he is still working as a Beatle and with John Lennon and George  Martin. &quot;Golden Slumbers&quot; is more beautiful melody, with just a  twist of irony as Paul briefly slips the lullaby into a rock mode at  well-timed places. &quot;Mean Mr. Mustard&quot; and &quot;Polythene  Pam&quot; are more examples of Lennon as Lewis Carroll, and Paul adds his  own lyrical explorations on &quot;She Came in Through the Bathroom  Window,&quot; with a decided nod to his earlier &quot;Lady Madonna.&quot;  Ringo's &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot; is an enchanting delight, complete  with underwater sound effects even more endearing than &quot;Yellow  Submarine.&quot; Interestingly enough, and perhaps most importantly,the  very BEST songs (best of the best) on this Beatles record come from  Harrison. &quot;Something&quot; is not only George's best love song, it is  one of the Beatles best love songs, which means that it ranks as a love  song for the ages. &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; is, with the possible  exception of &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; the best song  Harrison ever wrote, and the Beatles performance of it is the high point of  the entire album. John Lennon once remarked that Harrison's compositions on  Abbey Road were the strongest on that album, and in this sense the often  excessively self-critical Lennon is spot on. It's a pity that the Beatles  chose not to include George's &quot;All Things Must Pass,&quot; a song that  George offered for the album and that the Beatles did work on before the  break-up. Had they done so we could accurately call &quot;Abbey Road&quot;  the Harrison break-out album, and the record would have been even better if  one can imagine such a thing. Even without such possible improvements,  &quot;Abbey Road&quot; remains one of the greatest albums in the history of  both rock and general pop, easily among the 20 best ever made, and possibly  among the top 10. Had the Beatles stayed together in the early seventies, I  have no doubt that they would have continued to build on the extraordinary  work contained in &quot;Abbey Road.&quot;
B0000047EC|5.0|It wasn't until I listened to Hadens more recent collaboration with Kenny  Baron (&quot;Night and the City&quot;) that I realised what _control_ Haden  has over the talent he plays with. Both Metheney and Barron are highly  accomplished and individualistic players yet Haden so easily reins them in,  imposing his own warm cadence.  Equally admirable is Pats response, a sort  of an anti-thesis to &quot;Song X&quot;.
0399128964|5.0|The detail and insight Frank Herbert displays together with a rousing and  intense plot mix violently to form a science-fiction novel that perhaps  never will be surpassed.<br />And yet I know someone who got to a turning  point of the book and then stopped reading because they weren't  sufficiently enchanted by Herbert's awesome world-building. This is not a  book for the impatient or easily-wearied.<br />But Herbert was a brilliant  man. He deliberately and cleverly avoids including 'futuristic'  technologies, despite the scenario being set millenia from now. This and  the primitive lifestyle of the desert-planet's natives (the Fremen) give  the book a fantasy feel without the mind-numbing embarassment of including  dwarfs and dragons, instead creating a fresh idea of science-fantasy with  super-human Bene Gesserit and desert-roaming sandworms.<br />The characters  are superb, each very strongly motivated within the brilliantly constructed  world. And don't think Herbert is scared to see large numbers of the cast  die horribly through the course of the book (and the trilogy). Not once are  you left knowing what is about to happen, and, each time something major  happens, you'll find yourself quietly wishing that your favourite  characters aren't going to perish.<br />One last thing. Some people complain  that a certain decisive battle is not described in enough length. This  seems a stupid argument to me when the description of war combat would have  been far less interesting than the ending we do get: a tense and exciting  battle of words, then a hand-to-hand duel.<br />If you've ever liked deeply  involving plots and large, large worlds, you should read this book. (Then  die in vain looking for a superior one.)
B000002X1O|5.0|This is a lovely representation of the work of Paul Kantner and Grace  Slick that underscores the meaning of artist as visionary.  Now at the end  of this century, the subject matter concerning social and environmental  issues expressed in this album are basically in our face.  I will remain  impressed by their passion and the beautiful performances by supporting  artists.
B000000LZV|5.0|Best double album of all time (sorry Frampton). Worth seeking the vinyl to  look at all the cool little tracks, get the full auto sounds, and hear the  excellent cover of Van Halens &quot;Ain't Talkin 'Bout Love.&quot;  Outstanding lyrics. Describing it just does not work, it is like no other  album.
B000001BZT|5.0|I just cant keep this album out of the CD player. First listen was the  clincher, and that doesnt happen much to me. This collection contains  instant classics - devils right hand, snakeoil and Johnny come lately, that  beg you to learn all the words just to join it. Each one is a story,  unconnected, but with a kind of link somewhere that pulls this album  together. Steve puts such feeling into his songs, like hes singing as the  main character in the 'story' hes reciting - check out the title track!.  Saw Steve at the Glastonbury festival, in '98, with all the mud, and though  he played only a few from this album he proved to me it is his best.
0140186395|5.0|East of Eden is my favourite book.  Many an author dreams of achieving  what Steinbeck achieves in this novel.  It is a family saga that captures  the essence of living within its pages and focuses on the individuality of  lives - and the absolute power that those lives have to shape others. <br />  It is the most spiritually alive and aware book I have ever read.  It  encompasses the best and the worst of what it means to be human.   It  always moves me to tears because it makes me realise that we all hold  failure in our hearts - and yet it inspires me to believe in the greatness  of the individual.  None of us are beyond loving.<br />Focusing on two  families with very different upbringings and influences, it studies the  often harmful effect of relationships on ego and the desire of every child  to be loved - every child but one.  <br />Cathy is a woman who looks only to  herself and seems to feel no guilt or remorse for her actions. She is born  entirely selfish.<br />In complete contrast to Cathy is Samuel, an  inspirational and charismatic figure who loves all.   The underlying  message of the novel is that despite the surrounding environment we all  have a certain potential,  and we all &quot;Mayest&quot;  achieve it.  If  some of us fail to reach our potential it makes us no less valid.  Just by  living we have made our mark.  The message is that we &quot;May&quot; , not  we &quot;Should&quot; or we &quot;Must&quot;.<br /> I  read a lot - and this  is the most human novel that I have ever read - and the most forgiving.  It  is that forgiveness that inspires me.
B000000XBE|5.0|Too young to remember them first time round, I picked this album up after  noticing 'Lodi' was on it. Heard that on the 'Contraband' album (shenker et  al) and loved it. Seems like I know every song on this album, and every one  is a winner, with the possible exception of 'Heard it through the  grapevine' which at 11 minutes is a bit too long and, well, not really CCR  to me..... Apart from that, it sums up the sound of the US deep south in  the late 60's and if you dont know CCR too well, you get all their best  here. Chronicle II provides the best of the rest, but its not up to this  standard - but hey, that may just be me, and familiarity with the tracks?.  Five stars, well deserved.
B00000099Y|5.0|Absolutely unbelievable! The powerful aura of Aenima gives an intense  emotional rollercoaster scare. Everything from rage to perseverance is  experienced in this unforgettable ride.
B000002C1X|1.0|This is one of those albums that everyone in high school listened to. Now  that we're all grown up, it should be something we leave behind. Overblown  to the max, this bloated creation only pretends to tell us a story. What  about? Nothing is focussed. Emotions are wheeled around like so many parked  cars. &quot;Run Like Hell&quot;? From what, and why? &quot;Comfortably  Numb&quot;? Well, what brought on this sensation? Perhaps it was the  mind-numbingly dull &quot;tunes&quot; tucked inside Roger Waters'  consciousness. The movie was just as overwrought and, ultimately,  pointless. Is it about someone unable to deal with rock 'n' roll fame,  current politics, or just the memory of his lurching, ugly mother? Was it  Roger Water's deliberate intention to mix and match 1984 with Oliver Twist?  It's nice that so many people can relate to such abstract notions, but that  hardly makes this record &quot;universal.&quot; Adding hilarity to this  record's weightless content, Pink Floyd insulted future historians  everywhere by performing the entire album in Berlin, by the old  &quot;Wall,&quot;--get it? Funny, but I can't recall this record ever  hinting at Berlin, much less the Cold War or, hell, even Germany. But then,  fans of this pablum could probably draw metaphorical connections between  such disparate objects as peanut butter and sewing needles. Oh yes, no  doubt about it. Believe me, life is just too short.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This is an excellent CD, and its only shortcoming is being too short.  Its  great how each song flows into the next one, and every one of the songs is  a masterpiece.
B000002U82|1.0|More slow-as-sludge Floydisms that everyone's heard billions of times.  Will someone please make it stop? Not even the Bible is this overrated. If  I hear even a snippet of &quot;Money&quot; one more time I'll learn how to  build a pipe bomb in order to blow the master tape into another universe.
B000000WA4|5.0|Most bands today concentrate on creating catchy singles that will sell  their albums.  Rarely do they try to put together a strong collection of  songs that one can listen to from beginning to end.  This album is  definitely not one of those.  In fact, to truly appreciate the beauty of  MCIS, one must listen to the entire album at least once or twice.  The  emotions of the music and the listener change with each track.  Truly  brilliant music.
0553288105|5.0|Brief but certainly a brilliant story of  mankind's reaction to  revolutionary technologies, particular one which seems perfectly benificial  to mankind.Asimov's theories of alien physical laws and the creation of the  universe is scientifically great.    I find Part 1 to be dull though, but  wait till you get to the next two chapters.That's where the really cool  stuffs are!    i would highly recommend it to all sci fi lovers and anyone  who wants a great story.
0688152023|5.0|This book is a great tool for anyone who wants to tone up their body.   Although you won't learn anything about ballet, you can be as lean and  limber as the dancers in the book.  The step-by-step instructions are  simple enough for anyone to understand, and the pictures of the dancers  doing the moves of the exercise help you make sure your doing the moves  correctly.  This book is a great start to getting in shape.
0670880728|5.0|WOW is the best way I can sum up this book.  I am convinced that Helen  Fielding stole my diary and published it.  I recommend this book to anyone  single, or anyone that keeps meeting the wrong guys, or anyone that is  sometimes amazed by their parents, etc. Every one of us women has a little  Bridget Jones in us!
0399143904|2.0|I was very, very disappointed in the novel as a whole.  I had to make sure  it was written by the same Tom Clancy that wrote all the rest.  It seems  more of an attempt by someone else to write in Clancy's style.  And why the  special pains to exclude Jack Ryan?  He is after all still the President in  the novel, but everyone seemed to be acting without his authority and to  act in ways which anyone in such positions would never be allowed to  assume.  As a whole the bad guys were just plain ridiculous and  unbelievable.  The opening sequence was especially not believable in the  slightest.  I would have believed Superman flying in to save the day more.   After the build up with Debt of Honor and then seemlessly moving into  Executive Orders what a let down!!!  The key to all of the other books have  been great characters that you could either really love of really hate.   You wanted to be like Jack Ryan or like John Clark.  To take action like  they would.  I just don't feel that here.  Even the bad guys are not even  very despicable, just idiots.  I'm sure no writer can always produce  consistant first rate material but this should have been stopped by his  editor.  I'll probably get his next novel right away again but if its of  this calibre then I doubt if I'll keep reading Clancy.  A Thumbs Down.   Come on Tom, you're WAY BETTER than this!  Try again and go back to your  old style of great characters and even greater plots.
067960085X|5.0|Quite possibly the most perfect one hundred pages ever written. Why this  book hasn't undergone a mass rediscovery by today's gay-friendly, cocktail  swilling swinger set is beyond me. It is simply amazing, full of Capote's  singular wit, guile and fluid rendering. A compressed epic, this book  accomplishes more in terms of character and style than any book three times  its length.
B000002BSG|4.0|...a great fusion of jazz, funk, groove, pop and even drum'n'bass (light,  even though). If you can, go for the edition that contains a bonus disc: 4  disco remixes for Cosmic Girl that are really worth another CD. This bonus  disc is not credited at all - but &quot;legend&quot; says all the mixes  were made by Moby (!)... or so I've heard!
0060920084|2.0|Bryson is an American ex-patriot (or at least he was when he wrote this)  living in the UK.  He had written a travelogue in the UK that skewered much  of life in the countryside, and he came back to the US to do the same here.   His claim is that he's looking for &quot;Amalgam&quot;, the perfect small  town.  Unfortunately, Bryson sees the world backwards through the eyes of a  ten year old kid.  He's constantly putting down what America has become  because it just doesn't compare with what he remembered it as when he was  on vacation as a kid.  Here's a news flash, Bill -- nothing does.  We sit  back on our laurels and bitch about how the Walmartization of America has  destroyed small town commerce, all the time whining because you can't buy  gasoline before noon on Sundays.  The world has changed, and just because  the guy who ran &quot;Cockroach World&quot; has been run out of business by  Disney World, it's not necessarily a bad thing.  Bryson manages to make it  most of the way around the country (he hits 38 states), pissing and moaning  the whole way about anything that isn't 1) free, 2) fitting with his view  of what society should be, and 3) unchanged since his Dad drove him there  30 years earlier.  The book is amusing in large part, but it's the Don  Rickles type of humour -- if you don't take an insult well, you'll have a  hard time with this.  But it's a quick read, and from a nostalgia  standpoint, Bryson is spot on.
B000002UAX|4.0|After Sgt. Pepper this album initially was thought of as a disappointment.  Although it doesn't have the cultural impact of Pepper, the album is a more  honest representation of the band's emotional and creative state. This was  clearly a time of flux for Lennon &amp; McCartney. Lennon stated in LENNON  REMEMBERS that &quot;it was me and a backing band, Paul and a backing  band,.&quot;etc. It might have felt that way at the time, but listening to  the demos from the Anthology series and the outtakes(as well as referring  to THE BEATLES RECORDING SESSIONS), it is clear that this was far from the  case.<br />The Beatles were growing up and apart with their own interests.  That's what was reflected in this album. While the songwriting was less  collaborative, the band still contributed to each other's songs in the form  of suggestions for arrangements, ideas, etc. THE BEATLES may be a less  unified album and the quality of the contributions may vary(McCartney  contributes a handful of classics, while Lennon returns to a creative peak  and George produces two of his most mature songs to date).<br />Yes, it would  have been a stronger single album, but that also would have undermined the  honesty of the record and the group dynamic apparent under the veneer of  professionalism. Things weren't exactly falling apart, but tensions were  increasing because they were growing apart. This is still a classic album  and, for me, a more interesting album than the professionalism and  production sheen of Pepper. While it has its weak moments, the sum is  greater than its parts--just like the members of the Beatles.<br />At the time  for the Beatles it was just another album attempting to push the barriers  of music. This they most certainly did.
0670880728|5.0|Helen Fielding knows how to develop characters that you relate to and care  about.  Bridget Jones is wonderful and funny, she's really one of us.  Her  friends and family members are great too.  I couldn't put this book down  and found myself laughing out loud more than once.  Now that I'm finished,  I miss Bridget.  Can't wait for Fielding's next book.
B000000OAL|5.0|I would rate this album among the top debut rock performances of all time.  Many Queen fans have never heard 'Liar',one of Queen's best songs EVER.   &quot;Keep Yourself Alive&quot; is May's finest power chord track and is  much better here than on any of the 'live' albums. The hypnotic beat of  &quot;Jesus&quot; and the beauty of &quot;Before the Night Comes Down&quot;  make the album even stronger. And of course, Mercury's singing is  unbelievable, from the tenderness of &quot;Doing all Right&quot; to the  power of &quot;Great King Rat&quot;. In addition, Roger Taylor's vocal on  &quot;Modern Times Rock &amp; Roll&quot; is his best on any Queen album.  There is not a weak song on the album. I have bought this music 4 times in  the form of album, 8-track, album again, and finally CD. You are not a  Queen fan unless you own this music.
0688052304|5.0|Comments on Robert Persig's, &quot;Zen and the Art of Motorcycle  Maintenance&quot;.      This sojourn has three levels. First, it is the  story of a father and son taking a vacation, via motorcycle, on a cross  country adventure. Second, it is an examination of the spriritual  relationship between a parent and a child.  Lastly, it is the portal to  man's insanity, an examination of man's search for reason.      In the  first level, this is a story of a father and son, on a motorcycle, riding  cross country with friends.  There is no identified destination, just the  daily routine of existance, driving, eating, sleeping and driving again.         In the second level, the reader can examine the spiritual relaionship  between the father and son.  They seem to be searching for the door that  will connect them to each other.  Instead they are both helpless because  they can see each other but are not able to connect with each other.  This  is demonstrated through dreams that both seem to have.  Persig may be  commenting on the state of being of mankind, in that it searches for  something that it can't quite define, identify or reach.      The last  level is the portal to man's insanity.  Persig creates image that the  father, once labeled insane by humanity because of his search for the  definition of Quality, realizes that he was not really insane, but thought  at a differnet level or dimension than most people.    The father addresses  the issues created by nature and technology when the two roads meet.   However, Persig demonstrates that many people do not, they just blindly  except the conflict and fail to pursue the true meaning of it.        Through Persig's examination of quality, technology, stuckness and  rationality he analizes the dichotomy between the Classical and Romantic  thought that is the foundation of Logic.  Persig's physical journey ends  before they reach their goal because he realizes they do not need to go  that far.  Persig suggests that he wasthe only obstacle towards his search  for the truth.       While the book neither teaches Zen or Motorcycle  repair, it is Eastern in thought rather than Western in nature.  This is  demonstrated by the inward reflection the main character engaged in and the  suggestion of a cyclical birth and death process at the very end of the  book.       This book is alot more than what it appears.  It is  entertaining, thought provoking and suggestive.  While reading the book  will satisfy the urge to be delightfully entertained, it will also cause  the reader to think about the truths that so often are lost in the daily  routine.
0399143904|4.0|Starts slow, with Clancyesque jumps from subject to previously  unintroducted subject. Then, about the time you've figured out who's up to  what it takes you on a wonderful roller-coaster ride of suspense with all  the proper twists and turns of a great novel.
B000006NPY|5.0|Billy and the Pumpkins are said to have gone in a  new direction with  Adore.  True, the music is a different style than we are used to hearing  from them in the past, but the esseence of the Pumpkins remains the  same...Pushing the envelope of the alternative music world by showing us  that they are one of the most talented bands ever.  Adore is a gorgeous  exploration of feelings and new musical styles, and I gain something new  out of it everytime I listen.  The variety of sounds on this album is so  amazing.  The only thing missing are the pounding guitars that would  typically be found on one of their albums.  I would never be able to  declare any Pumpkins album my favorite, but this one is certainly in no way  a let down from the others.
0399143904|1.0|Really disappointed in this book.  Love the characters Clark and Chavez  but this story was packaged and tied with a bow.  I figure they could do it  in a two night mini-series on NBC.  Loved the gadgets but don't any of the  bad guy have access to these??  How come Clancy never mentions Jack Ryan  and always refers to him as the president?  Is he trying to distance Clark  from that series and if so why does he mention all the other peripheral  characters like Murray, Mary Pat and Ed Foley etc??  I think he needs a  good editor to give him some feedback unless he reads these critiques.  And  while I'm at it did anyone else notice that he repeated himself so many  times with phrases and comparisons.  I thought I was reading the same pages  over again sometimes.  Pleeeaaassee!!  Cut some of fat next time and give  us a good story.
0670880728|4.0|Eventhough I come from a different culture,  I could relate to Bridget in  many situations (well, who hasn't been stood up, used food for comfort,  etc.?). I enjoyed the book very much and it was hard to put it down!
0792151712|5.0|This is a movie that we should be proud was produced in our time-  extraordinary.  It seems, from the reviews below, that if a movie is  popular &amp; prosperous it is chic to denounce it: I disagree; that is  simply ignorant.  And as for the complaints about the 'sexuality' &amp;  nudity: these scenes were much tamer and tasteful than anything on  television dealing with the same situations. Everyone involved in  &quot;Titanic&quot; worked to make it the epic sensation that it is &amp;  James Cameron is the man behind it who deserves the most applause.     END
0679781307|5.0|As I come to the end of this novel, which was easily devoured over a few  short days, I am overwhelmed by the saddness I feel over the loss of  innocence, the loss of love, the loss of faith, and the distance and  numbness one can feel when looking back at a history that they did not  create, but will have to bear the burden of for all their days. I cried for  Michael, I cried for Hannah, I cried for Germany.
0393314804|5.0|I read this as Gestalt therapy after a friend OD'd. Contrary to popular  opinion it doesn't glorify heroin addiction but, rather, caustically  villifies it by simply showing it how it is. Dark, gritty, yet incredibly  funny Trainspotting (the novel) totally eclipses what was a fantastic film.  If you loved the flick (and who in Gen-X didn't?)then you'll want to read  the book if only because so many hilarious scenes were left out of the  former. Whilst the phonetically accented writing is initially hard to  decipher, after a couple of chapters you won't even notice it. Simply  stunning.
0399143904|2.0|This is a real third rate book - implausible plot,  improbably perfect  good guys, and unbelievably evil bad guys.  The political intrigue, careful  attention to technical details, and suspenseful plots of some of Clancy's   earlier books don't appear in this volume.  Suspense in the story is soon  quashed because the good guys are absolutely perfect and flawless - nothing  they attempt ever fails in any respect.  Have a serious hostage situations?  No problem - sneak in, shoot all the bad guys, save all the hostages -  repeat, rinse.  There is no attempt to keep the bad guys in character.   Need to kill off a mild mannered laboratory researcher in order to tie up  some lose ends in your store? - its easy, just have him grab a rifle and  charge out to shoot at the good guys. I think I've read my last Clancy  novel.
0451191153|3.0|I enjoyed the first 2/3 of the novel until the long winded propaganda selling Rand's brand of philosophy began to wear thin. I forced myself through the last 1/3 and decided it wasn't so great a story, but it was a thoughtful experience.<br />Ayn Rand did accomplish what she set out to do: she changed the way I, as reader, look at life (at least for a week or so).  To look at it simply as a piece of fiction, to me it failed. I didn't buy the ending, either.<br />One thing that amused me is that Rand's favorite word must have been \\"insolent.\\" It appeared at least once every two pages, sometimes once per page, sometimes twice, and once she used it twice in a single paragraph. It pulled my attention away from the story and to the words, which is not a good thing to do.  Rand probably wouldn't have appreciated me laughing at her masterpiece like it was a Monty Python sketch.<br />Here's a writer who's work screams \\"I need a Thesaurus!\\"
B000002A6O|5.0|To this day I still listen to the music.  I was in the 10th grade, my  first girlfriend, and &quot;Heaven can wait&quot; is one of the best songs  ever written and sung. Also &quot;Bat out of Hell&quot; is how it felt to  be sixteen.... AncilX
B000001IMX|5.0|This cd kicks you know what! ST kind of mellowed after this (i.e. Trip at  the Brain) but the music here is pure punk. Mr. Muir and friends discuss  the politics of the early 80's/very late 70's  and this is what punk is all  about. Institutionalized (made famous in the movie Repo Man) and I Saw Your  Mommy remind one of early Black Flag or the Circle Jerks, but much of the  album ties in well with DK (Dead Kennedys) and Jello Biafra's views of the  world. Just get it...crank it up...and open your mind!
B000002UAI|5.0|This album, although not all original Beatle recordings, began to show  their multi-dimensional talent. Even the cover songs, like &quot; Words Of  Love&quot;, were exceptional.  This song is a great example of George  Harrison developing guitar talent. Other highlights of this album is John's  intro to &quot;I'm A Loser &quot; , the rawness of &quot; Rock &amp; Roll  Music &quot;, and the common appeal of &quot; I Don't Want To Spoil The  Party &quot;.  What a great album !!!!
B000007VCM|4.0|If you have to buy just one cult record this is the one.
B000002UY5|5.0|I had to write a review of this CD because it is definately one of my  all-time favorites.  I have had this CD since it was released and I could  still listen to it every day!  I have never tired of &quot;No Rain&quot;,  it has become almost a personal anthem for me.  In fact, all the tunes on  this album are great! Blind Melon are incredibly musically talented and  diverse.  It's a shame that Shannon Hoon is no longer around to continue to  share his talent with the world.  I am a big fan of 60's/70's classic rock  and I definately agree with the Rolling Stone, Entertainment Weekly, and  other critics that they were influenced a great deal from 70's greats such  as Zeppelin and the Dead among others. But don't get me wrong, they are not  merely a 70's cover band...they have definately used these influences to  create  their own sound and you have to hear it!  If you are a classic rock  junkie in search of a new buzz, try this, you'll love it!
0804106304|1.0|I came to the United States at age of 18 from Taiwan and I had been here  for seven years.  During these years I seemed to &quot;learn&quot; things  about Asia like how Asian females are supposed to be passive and males are  likely to be gansters and treat females badly.  I learned about the  stereotypes from American public media, and Joy Luck Club is just another  example of those, only maybe more popular than the similar sort. There is  always a danger of Asian Americans writing books about Asian.  Under that  seemingly identical physical appearance is a whole different style of  thinking, the American one.  Having never lived in the modern( and I  emphasize, MODERN) China or any Chinese speaking countries and obviously  lacking a true understanding about Chinese culture is simply to humiliate  Chinese.  I hate to see this book selling like hotcakes knowing a great  majority of readers probably would adore it.  This book is NOT a guide to  Chinese culture nor Chinese people.  Please, no more saving the poor  Chinese women from evil Chinese men's hand, and no more &quot;now you are  save in America&quot; kind of attitude.  There are thousands of Chinese  international students like me, coming from good families, living a good  life style, and have never had to go through an arranged marriage.  I  suggest the author take a long trip to China and do more research before  writing anything about it.
B000002GY9|5.0|You either become a devoted fan, or you turn away absolutely.  There is  rarely a mild reaction to Tom Waits.  This album is probably one of his  best, and the best introduction to Waits' work.  The lyrics are dynamite.  The tunes are engaging. The  musicianship is more polished than on other  titles.  Let this one take you in, and you're on your way to a lot of  rewards as you explore the underbelly of life with this insightful artist.
B00000264Y|5.0|this is really good. I wasn't a BJ fan when I got this and now he's one of  my favorites.
B000002WYT|5.0|Wonderful CD!  Anybody who has any apreciation of music should have this  one on the shelf.  As a drummer, one of the best parts of this group is  Mr.Carter Beauford.  This guy is incredible!  Along with the rest of the  band, it's a great mix with some great music!
B000001E7T|5.0|PJ Harvey is recovering from the dreadful &quot;Four Track Demos&quot;  with this fabulous album. The entire thing is remarkable (with the  exception of &quot;I Think I'm a Mother&quot;) and I can't stop listening  to it. A must buy for anybody. Buy it, you'll thank me when you have.
0399143904|3.0|There are a number of things to dislike about this book:<br />* the female  characters;<br />* the less than tight writing in many spots; and,<br />* the  underlying plot (which to me seems outlandish).<br />Nevertheless, I enjoyed  reading it.  It was entertaining and part of the reason that I read is to  entertained.<br />I have found trend in Clancy's books over the last fifteen  years to be interesting.  More and more of his politics have shown through.   For example, Jack Ryan's leanings in Debt of Honor and Executive Orders.   Clancy has used his popularity as an author to push some of his politic  beliefs.<br />Additionally, as the cold war collapsed, he has definitely  grapped on to terrorism on a central theme; this is also notable in the  Op-Center books.<br />My greatest hope is that Clancy will take the time to  write a tighter book next time out.  This book just feels like it was  hammered out too quickly in spots.
B000006NPY|3.0|I was so excited to purchase this album and when I did, I listened to the  first half and set it down. I listened to the rest of it later on and found  it to be just like the first half - boring. Only one of the songs that I  know of caught my attention and that is &quot;Appels + Oranjes&quot;.  Though that is the only GREAT song on the album, it could possibly be the  best Pumpkins song EVER. I now listen to the album for just that song.   What happened to their big band sound? They took a stumble for the worst  and took the path to bad techno. This album is okay, but is nothing like  Pumpkin's previous album, &quot;Pisces Iscariot&quot;, which will be my  favorite until Pumpkin's next GREAT album. Don't bother unless you are a  Pumpkins fan or like awful dance music with a bad beat. Trust me. Get the  &quot;Appels + Oranjes&quot; single if they make one and that should be the  closest that you come to this album.
0688158129|3.0|OK, sure, a whole string of fives and then comes my three.  Don't get me  wrong, I'm not dogging the book in terms of content, writing, or flow, but  I do have a problem with the f-word or similarly offensive words being used  on every other page.  This could have been a great book if the author  didn't virtually jab the reader in the side with a branding iron by  slapping the reader an unnecessary use of profanity.  The end result is the  reader attempts to relax, and enjoy the book, but just when that begins to  happen....... *smack* out of nowhere there's another one.  It's enough to  put the reader on edge, and it does. Please subtract two stars for me.  I  really wish I could have given this book full marks.  It cudda been great.
B00000258J|5.0|These blues are breaded, fried in funk, and smothered with soul!!  The  late recording of ever there was a KING of blues..this recording has appeal  for all, Muddy fans, Johnny Winter..the sound is &quot;live&quot; kick-@@#!  bring down the house rock 'n blues that still scorches.  Not your typical  &quot;old sound&quot; recording, this can be played on todays airways and  guarantee a sell-out crowd at the stores tomorrow.  9 songs isn't enough!   Loved it in 1980(when I first heard it), and love it now.
0679438327|5.0|This is not a book about vampires.  It is an utterly absorbing subversion  of our perhaps most deeply ingrained preconception--that the Devil is evil.         I don't consider myself a fan of either Anne Rice or theological  reading, but I was absolutely captivated by this new (to me) perspective on  Judeo-Christian principles.     The rest of the story (the vampires and so  forth), offered nothing extraordinary.  In fact, the first hundred pages or  so seemed  to get in the way of the thought-provoking material that  followed.<br />ANYONE WHO LIKE TO DISCUSS THIS BOOK, PLEASE REACH ME AT  VARNID@AOL.COM
B000003TA4|5.0|Nevermind mixes the sound of punk rock and heavy metal to define a new  style: Nirvana.  Kurt Cobain, lead singer and songwriter, feels the album  has radio friendly or pop sound.  Even though, Nevermind is an excellent  record.  If you like punk, &quot;Come As You Are,&quot; but if you prefer  heavy metal, &quot;Stay Away&quot; because Nirvana doesn't want your  business.  &quot;Drain You,&quot; track 6, has extreme energy; much like  &quot;Aneurysm&quot; (heard on Teen Spirit single).  If you enjoy this  album please check other Nirvana albums (preferably Bleach and  Incesticide).
0399143904|2.0|Tom Clancy is the master of the techno-thriller but this book lacks the  &quot;techno&quot; of his others.  The premise of an international  anti-terrorist unit is great but the villains were absurd.  With the fall  of the USSR and frequent use of middle eastern terrorists, I guess militant  environmentalists are the only bad guys left.  The book's saving grace are  its protaganists, Clark and Chavez.  The bio-warfare was done to death in  his last book and he needs a new threat to the world.  It's good mindless  summer reading, but if you're expecting a good &quot;Tom Clancy&quot;  novel, maybe you should check out his earlier works (Patriot Games, Clear  and Present Danger). Despite my comments, I'm still the first in line to  buy his books!
0393307050|5.0|O'Brien has written yet another masterpiece of maritime historical  fiction! He can't write fast enough for the readers in our family. We have  not read anything so good since Heart of Allegiance by the Thoene brothers.  This is nose to nose in the running with the Portraits of Destiny Series!  Keep 'em coming Patrick!
B000002JNJ|5.0|I love this album--one of my favorites! For awhile it was my favorite  Pantera album before I really started listening to all of them! It may not  be as heavy as the newer albums but if you crank it up, it IS super heavy,  fast, and a butt-load of fun!!<br />A little known fact about Pantera is they  had there beginning in 1980, where they started as glam-rock. 1984-85 had  two really cool albums (I am the Night and Projects in the Jungle) that  were fast 80s Metal with a high-pitched 80s voice and excellent guitar  soloing. In 1986 they wrote a song called &quot;The Badge&quot;(redone on  Crow Soundtrack). Pantera also has another hidden album called &quot;Power  Metal&quot; (these three albums are rare). But now, they have moved on to  better and heavier ways starting with this Cowboys From Hell!!
006091307X|5.0|Awe is the word I would use to describe the emotion I feel towards Thomas  Pynchon. &quot;Lot 49&quot; is a masterpiece because of the way that it  covers so many aspects of life in so few words.
B000001FQI|4.0|If you believe that decades delineate musical styles, this is a perfect  80's-closer.  Right here you have sunny pop (&quot;Seeds of Love&quot;),  faux-Soul (&quot;Bad Man's Song&quot;), conscience (&quot;Woman in  Chains&quot;) and the required angst-ridden tune about getting vaporized by  The Bomb.  This album is TFF's best, and some cool touches like the Dave  Brubeck-style piano solo in Badman's Song freshen it.  Orzibal is not the  best lyricst (&quot;Mind over matter won't stop all your chatter&quot;  -  e-yewww!) but his mistakes are few and forgivable.  The star of the show  here is Dave Bascombe, who produces the whole album to excess ... how 80's  can you get?
015626224X|4.0|With this book George Orwell was able to take hold of my interest without  forcing me to feel any emotional attachment. The characters became people  that you could picture without much strain. His short sentances made  reading this book easy. He was descriptive without being wordy. It was  painlessly easy to enjoy reading this book.
0312952813|5.0|First, THE BLACK ECHO, now THE BLACK ICE.  I hadn't read any of Connelly's  books until this summer and now I can't wait to get to THE CONCRETE BLONDE.   His characterization of Harry Bosch is near to brilliant and his plot  structure keeps me reading until it's over, because I, at least, never can  QUITE figure out where it's going.  And that's the beauty of Connelly and  Bosch.  Keep 'em coming, Michael.
0553278355|5.0|When I finished this novel for the first time, I took a deep breath, tried  to collect myself, and began to read it agian.  Plath tells her story (and  it is her own story) manner-of-factly, but she never loses the reader in a  sea of detachment.  The novel is stirring and disturbing; it would be  impossible to read it and to feel nothing.  It is an excellent choice for  anyone and would be especially moving for a young woman who is caught in  the struggle of trying to find out who she is.
B000002LAC|5.0|Saturday, September 05, 1998<br />The Trio Album was and is great. I bought  it as soon as it came out for I intuitively knew it would filled with  wonderful music.<br />I heard the \\"Grand Ole Opry\\" the next Saturday night  after purchasing and listening to the \\"Trio\\" album. There were accolades  from many all time great country music singers for this Dolly Parton Trio  Album. Hank Snow had great praises for Hobo's Mediation., a great song on  the Trio Album. And Hank Snow was probably the greatest fan of Jimmie  Rodgers, the man who wrote this wonderful song. <br />The Wilburn Brothers had  great Praise for \\"Making Plans,\\" a song they recorded back in the late  1950s. The great Osborne Brothers Blue Grass band recorded this song,  \\"Making Plans,' in the late 1960s also. It is a very soulful love song, and  Dolly Parton and her helpers do such a wonderful job on this song.<br />All  songs on the \\"Trio\\" Album are great. They are the essence of the best true  country music of the past, and show the depth of Dolly Parton, when it  comes to her musical ability. Only someone with her great ability and  appreciation for the art form of real life country music could have known  these songs existed and would have recorded them for posterity. They are  true folk songs, her \\"Trio' songs, though the so called experts might not  consider them real folk songs, and music. The so-called experts are city  boys who don't really know what true folk music is. Only when you great up  on a farm where there was no electricity, no gas stove, no telephone, could  you have the cultural background to be in touch with what rural America was  like before the advent of high technology. Dolly Parton was raised under  these rural conditions, and she is a musical great, if not genius.<br />I  think it wonderful that Dolly Parton recorded these songs, with Linda  Rhonstat and Emmy Lou Harris. She had the popularity to be able to record  such songs as \\"Rosewood Casket,\\" which has lived for probablymore than a  hundred years, and is definitely not a commercial piece of music, but is  instead the feelings of those who lived in the rural backwoods areas and  lost someone they loved. As a child, in a rural backwoods area, I can  remember this song being almost worshipped as a great piece of music.  <br />For those who want to know what real country music is about, this is the  album to buy. You can get no higher quality music than the \\"Trio\\" Album.  <br />Dolly Parton took 9 months to record these songs. She wanted perfection,  and she got it. The Great Studio Men play only acoustic instruments on this  recording. This album is wonderful Country Music. <br />By Dobroman in Denver  Colorado
1878424319|5.0|Using and applying these four agreements has improved my relationship with  myself and others. I highly recommend them to anyone drawn here. The work  is powerful yet simple, beautiful in its simplicity, and washes away  emotional pain like the ocean sculpts the shoreline.
B000003JAY|5.0|For anyone who doesn't have a Billy Idol CD, this is a great introduction  to this rock artist. White Wedding and MONY are the best known songs of the  collection but every track on this CD has a great beat and can be enjoyed  play after play.  My favorite Billy Idol story is that a few years ago  Billy was supposedly asked by a reporter if a published report that he was  &quot;born again&quot; was true. Billy responded that he was not &quot;born  again,&quot; he was &quot;into porn again.&quot; How can you not love this  guy! Vidal Idol will not disappoint.
B000006JPJ|5.0|This is probably Maiden's best album ever, my favorite song being the  title track. This is not, however, the last good album they have made. I  feel No Prayer for the Dying, Fear of the Dark, the X-Factor, and Virtual  XI are powerful, good albums. <br />This is the story of a child born with  special powers, and we navagate through his use of his powers, till he  finally ends his own life, cos he cant take being tormented anymore.
B000002KDS|5.0|I agree with the other two reviews of this album. It's underrated and was  ahead of it's time. As I was going through old albums (records) I decided  to pull this one out and give it a listen with headphones while I finished  my task. It still sounded fresh (not dated) and the production is top  notch. I'm not an Alice Cooper freak, but this one really deserves to be in  anyone's collection. I think I'll buy the CD.
6302914191|5.0|There are a million things to say about &quot;Twin Peaks&quot;. But they  can all be summed up in one word: Perfect. Each and every episode is a  mysterious miracle. This is the work of a genious (David Lynch) -  everything has been thought of: storyline, music, atmosphere, mystery, the  supernatural, the horror, love, nature - it's magical. I doubt anything on  TV or on the big screen will ever surpass this.     END
B000002UZ1|3.0|I rate this album three stars, which is as low as I could ever go for a  Beatles album. Not that any of these songs are lacking, it's just that the  thought of a Beatles Greatest Hits album leaves me extremely cold. This and  the red album are for novices - people who don't take music seriously. If  you want a taste (and who can do with just a taste) of the Beatles, I agree  with another reviewer who said, &quot;Buy a real Beatles album&quot;.
B000002BWL|5.0|If you are reading this, you have most certainly already pressed the order  button.  If not, just plain old DO IT!  While not the first Satriani  recording, this is where it really started....sublime....
0782008372|1.0|The resolution of this DVD is very, very poor ! Even a VHS is better than  that. If you want to convince someone not to buy DVD, just show him (her)  this DVD !     END
B000002AV5|5.0|I find her voice very haunting and some of the easiest and smoothest songs  I've ever heard since New Orleans Jazz.  And my cats and dog all give it 2  paws up :)<br />Keep up the great work
630463949X|4.0|The recording of this title is good. There are two recording types for  each side of DVD, and you can choose PCM or Dolby Digital 5.1. The  performance of this band is very great, too.     END
B000002LQQ|5.0|Make no mistake - this is not essentially a Dire Staits album, but rather  Knopfler's first solo outing, with some help from his friends which just  happen to be his former bandmates.  Often you or I would criticize Knopfler  for hogging the spotlight, UNTIL you are reminded of his INCREDIBLE guitar  work.  Seems like so few guitarists are living anymore where you hear a new   song on the radio and say, &quot;mmmmmmmmm ... that's [fill in the blank]  ... definitely one-of-a-kind ...&quot; (I take that back: there a quite a  few who you can say that about, but usually it's a negative connotation, as  in, &quot;ech !! I'm glad there's only one of him roaming on the  earth!&quot;).<br />Up to the release of this recording, Knopfler had proven  (to all that wanted more than &quot;Money For Nothing&quot; and  &quot;Sultrans of Swing,&quot; that is) that he had the talent to explore  and execute so many different moods.  But for the most part (and I realize  there are some MAJOR exceptions), he had never convinced us he could  accomplish all of these moods on the same disk (we all hoped and figured he  could, since he didn't really &quot;explore&quot;  that much while on the  road).<br />I really believe this disk is an answer to all DS fans ... and  answer we never demanded, never deserved, and never even necessary.  But  here it is.<br />(Here's a story how a acquired this disk: I was living in  Cincinnatti, OH in '91, when this disk was released.  For those of you who  don't know, Cincinnatti is known for being the best-kept secret among  hunting grounds for guitarists who want to play hard, not make it to the  big-time -- and no, I don't play guitar.  Anyway, for a while this CD  wasn't even available, since there was a minor demand for it, but not  enough for stores to order bigger stocks of it... I know that sounds  unbelieveable, but ask anyone who lived in Cincinnatti at that time who was  looking for this record, and they'll tell you.  In 1993, I moved to KansasCity, and found a copy of this CD at a used store for like $7.00.  But  there's more: when I arrived at the counter, the clerk lifted his index  finger up to his lips, as if he were &quot;sshhh&quot;ing, and sold it to  me for $2.00 !! And I had never bought anything before at this store !!)
B000002MFE|4.0|All in all, this is a wonderful album. The guitar playing is excellent, as  is the work of Rolling Stones' pianist Chuck Leavell, and the sound is  great.  Most of the songs that E.C. has chosen for his  &quot;unplugged&quot; session are very succesfully adapted, although I'm a  bit ambivalent about the acoustic version of &quot;Layla&quot;, which  sounds like it wants to be a jazz-tune all of a sudden, but doesn't quite  make it. The absolute cream of this particular crop are &quot;Before You  Accuse Me&quot;, &quot;Alberta&quot; and the rockin' &quot;San Francisco  Bay Blues&quot;, whereas the acoustic renditions of a couple of traditional  blues standarts by Robert Johnson would have probably sounded better with a  bit of screaming bottleneck-guitar! Thus &quot;just&quot; the four stars,  but this album is really a must for anyone who loves &quot;real&quot;  music. The kind where you play real instruments, rather than just pushing  buttons.
B000002NHN|5.0|I was working out at the health club and kept hearing this fantastic voice  and melody on the overhead speakers and I knew I had to find this song.  I  bought the CD just for this piece!
0385486804|5.0|This book is about one man's search for nature and true freedom.  A life  so far removed from mainstream society most people will balk.  If you dream  of escaping to a world of nature and adventure you will love this book.  If  you are content with a stable predictable life, look elsewhere.
0399143904|5.0|This has to be one of Clacy's finest novels. The book is packed with  details and vivid descripitions. The action is non-stop, the plots are  intricate and entertaining. The characters in the plot are likable and add  a real edge to the story. The details and the plot makes this book a must  read.
0385484518|5.0|The freshman class of Central Michigan University was given this book at  orientation to instill upon us a greater sense of the importance of  learning.  It left us all with a deeper understanding of ourselves as well.   A definate masterpiece.
B0000025ED|5.0|52nd Street is one of Billy's best overall musical efforts.  Some songs  leave a little to be desired lyrically, but the instrumentation is some of  his best.<br />We begin with &quot;Big Shot,&quot; a somewhat satirical look  at show business and perhaps a backlash at some of Billy's peers.  (We  won't name names, but if you're a true Billy fan, you know the story.) The  music itself conveys all the feelings needed but the lyrics add a certain  dimension of sarcasm the song needs to be truly bitter.<br />Next is  &quot;Honesty.&quot;  One could almost call this a power ballad, but  Billy's not one to cross that line very often.  Beautiful, melancholy music  coupled with excellent lyrics make this song timeless and true every single  day. <br />&quot;My Life&quot; almost sums up itself.  Billy asks us to leave  him alone, an understandable request, but also gives us the opportunity to  claim this song as our own.  The nature of the music and lyrics allow one  almost immediate access to his frustrations, another telling point of an  artist's humanity.<br />&quot;Zanzibar&quot; is one of those songs that you  just have to wonder about.  Is it bitter, satirical, or just plain  cathartic? (See &quot;Shades of Grey&quot; home video.)  Whatever it's  supposed to be, &quot;Zanzibar&quot; leaves you feeling slightly inebriated  and maybe ready to go out and find where Billy may be hiding in the  darkness. . .<br />&quot;Stiletto&quot; is a most amazing musical effort.   Punctuated with driving chords and an incessant rhythm, you have to wonder  what really happened to make Billy feel this way.  It's a perfect song when  feeling bitter after break-ups or other personal tragedies.  Or, just when  you're in a not-so-pleasant mood.  (Also try &quot;Pressure&quot; on The  Nylon Curtain.)<br />&quot;Rosalinda's Eyes&quot; is a touching song,  supposedly written for Billy's mother.  He admits that only one person,  Rosalinda, can see how good he is and also appreciate the man he'strying  to be.  The emotionial price paid with this song makes it worth the space  on the album.<br />&quot;Half A Mile Away&quot; makes you want to escape with  Billy and little Geo.  You also figure out where you can go to get away.   Everyone needs another world just a half a mile away.<br />&quot;Until the  Night&quot; is almost a power ballad also, but it's faster beat and  lyricism warms the heart.  &quot;When the sun goes down and the day is  over. . .&quot; Sometimes the night is the best part of the day.<br />The  title track is the best example of Billy's jazz and improv talent.  The  lyrics aren't necessary for the enjoyment of this song, but they help the  slow fusion of the musicality of the song.  &quot;52nd Street&quot; will  kick you into overdrive, generating a lot of heat.<br />A wonderful overall  album, noted particularly for its musicality.  Lyrically, again, it's not  the best Billy's done.  Yet, the raw emotion and good songs have enough  power to deserve 5 stars.  Great job, Billy!
0812550706|5.0|There are those people that rate this book a one star for a simple reason:  They know the can't write as good as card so they have to mess up the curve  of five stars.      Now, about the book. It is the greatest thing I have  ever read.
B000002HFU|1.0|This is the worst album in my collection.  No doubt about it.  I can't  believe my friends convinced me to buy this crap.  The only thing that  prevents me from throwing this in the trash is the song &quot;Cuttin'  Headz.&quot;  Everything else sucks.  the ODB is lame as a soloist; among  the masses of the Wu, he's not half bad, but his lack of talent is exposed  when you listen to this album.  The RZA isn't at his best on this album.  Avoid this.  It's not worth your time or money.
0399143904|3.0|When I received this book, my first impression was that it was too big.   Upon reading it, I felt as though the editors could have cut the book in  half and made it more interesting and less repetitive in its descriptions  about the characters and the training.  At least we recouped some of its  cost with the amount of paper it used.
0553260111|5.0|This was the first book from Ludlum I ever read. It proved to be a superb  start and made me the fan of an incredible storyteller. Missing it would be  a big mistake, but be prepared for not being able to put it down!
B000000IVN|5.0|This is one of my favorite punk albums.  But in other respects it is a  soft quiet acoustic album.  It is miles away from the &quot;candy ass  production&quot; as Kurt put it of Nevermind.  This album was supposed to  be radio un-friendly, it was supposed to be the album that all the punkers  and indie rock types that liked Nirvana before Nevermind would buy and say,  &quot;Wow they sure can rock!&quot;
0060168366|4.0|By and large, this is a good overview of American history, and should  certainly be a starting point for any budding American history buff. The  book is not only endearing to me for ideological reasons (because, finally,  it gives FDR and JFK the judgments they actually deserved), but because it  tells the entire American story (I couldn't think of one major event in US  history which has been neglected). Unfortunately, though, 1100 pages is not  really enough to tell this story. Especially in the 20th Century, the  reader might feel that Johnson is giving little more than a basic account  with a greater focus on his own opinion. But this is not entirely a bad  thing: the inherently concise nature of the book gives us  eminently  understandable accounts of great periods in our history, especially his  excellent explanation of the Civil War.
B000002A3T|5.0|They may be a bit more mellow than thier earlier efforts but this is  probally a good thing. Some good classic songs but very nice to just listen  to the whole thing in one sitting. Good in the car or on the computer or  just when you want good tunes during those quiet times. Also was a huge fan  of The Wall.<br />                                 Jeff
0380002930|4.0|I was assigned this book for school reading. When I first started reading  it, I hated it. I thought it was slow and too detailed. But when I got to  the chapter &quot;Stranger in the Field&quot;, my opinion changed entirely.  That chapter hooked me and it made me realize the book might be better than  expected. You might come to a few dull parts, but don't worry, it will all  change. Later in the book there are many exciting adventures, and you  realize the detail is interesting, especially because you learn how the  rabbits live in a suttle manner, it does not get thrown at you. I hope this  helped those who are distressed.
0192831631|5.0|I really liked this book!  What would you wish for if given the chance?   And one each day, not just 3?  How many ways do you think that could go  wrong, even if it only lasted til sunset?  I'm just about to go find the  sequels.
0399143904|1.0|Why did I buy this book? Answer, &quot;Tom Clancy has written many books  which I enjoyed no end. They could be re-read more than once and still be  enjoyable.&quot; Sadly Tom Clancy has used up all his credit with this  one.It doesn't get off the ground at any point. Although it is a  &quot;speed read&quot; it never captures the reader like &quot;Cardinal of  the Kremlin&quot; , &quot;Clear and present danger&quot; or &quot;The sum  of all fears&quot; did. It hasn't got the &quot;I must read one more page  or else...&quot; feeling that his previous books had. It is as predictable  as watching paint dry - and you feel just as cheated afterwards. Read  &quot;Cardinal of the Kremlin&quot; and remember the good old days, when  Clancy still knew how to write.
0880389052|4.0|Being on the wrong side of my 20's, I didn't think I'd still like TSR  fantasy books at this age, but this Dark Elf trilogy is definetely a fun  read. Salvatore is by no means a master wordsmith, but he manages to convey  a lot of energy and inventiveness into his writing. His main strength is  his ability to write great fight scenes. I haven't read better when it  comes to descibing sword fights, magic battles, other action  scenes.<br />There's lots to like about the sad, misunderstood, but fiercely  determined Drizzt -- the only good-hearted, Drow Elf in all the lands above  and below. <br />Since the books are aimed at young and old, the writing won't  stretch your intellect, but who cares. It'll definetely stretch your  imagination!
006091307X|2.0|Let's start with the good stuff:  what other author has so respected the  intelligence of its reader?  &quot;The Crying of Lot 49&quot; offers a  staggering plethora of wordplay and discourse drawn from the wide world of  cocktail parties, thermal physics, greek drama, and us postal history.   Your synapses will explode with color. The charcters are drawn with  beautiful quirkiness, from housewives suffering from 20th century ennui to  urban cowboys.  The anticipation of watching them interact is much like  pouring yellow into green in the chem lab, and the results are not in the  least dissapointing.<br />Now the bad stuff:  behind all the flash, what's  left, really?  A pale conspiracy book that suffers two major ails: 1. The  conspiracy isn't believable, and 2. Though novel, the conspiracy fails to  maintain your interest once the novelty has worn off.  The book reminds me  of Nabokov's &quot;Pale Fire&quot;--interesting from a technical  standpoint, but beyond the styling, there is nothing significant.  However,  just like Nabokov, it's clear that Pynchon is an excellent writer.  My  suggestion is you try another Pynchon novel (I haven't read any others  personally, but everyone seems to think &quot;gravity's rainbow&quot; is  where it's at) or a good conspiracy book, like the Illuminatus trilogy.
0345350499|5.0|I just reread The Mists of Avalon, and it was even better than I  remembered it!  And I loved it the first time, several years ago.  Not only  are the story and characters wonderful, but Bradley beautifully describes  the Celtic culture and religion.  Rereading the book has rekindled my  interest in Paganism and Celtic folklore, as well as rereading Bradley's  other books.  It is a beautiful convection of true history and mystical  fantasy, and the conflict between Paganism and Christianity is transferable  to any culture which hesitates to lose its traditional religion and/or  beliefs while knowing that the new way of thinking is inevitable. The  novel's not perfect--Morgaine is the true heroine here, as Gwenwyfar is  usually unsympathetic and somewhat hard to believe at times (I felt like it  never explained why Gwenwyfar was so fanatically religious and  narrow-minded).  Part of me wishes Bradley had presented her as Morgaine's  equal and opposite instead of a symbol of what Bradley dislikes about  Christianity.  But perhaps I feel this way because I have not read much  other Arthurian legend.  Bradley apparently has, and this is her criticism  of traditional views of women and religion as well as the King Arthur tale.   She takes the traditional lore and turns it upside down, shaking it up so  that out falls a unique and thought-provoking story, hopefully creating a  tradition of its own.  This book is definitely one of the best I have ever  read!
0452270073|4.0|After seeing a preview of the film version of this novel, I picked up a  copy and began to read. While the story is insular--almost claustrophic--in  its setting, it is nevertheless gripping. The characters, especially Dr.  Rivers, are sympathetic. I'm disappointed to hear that the two succeeding  novels are of lesser quality!
B000002BE9|5.0|I love this CD.(Did you know that it has a different cover here in  Germany?) Anyway,Fiona has such a great,strong voice, her music is pure  poetry. My favorite song is 'Never is a promise',it touched me the most.I  still wonder how such a dainty girl can have such a strong voice. Viva  Fiona!
B000002TYK|5.0|Every single track on this album is just amazing. Dave Grohl wrote &amp;  played almost every song all by himself (by using one track per instrument  and multiple tracks for vocals).  Lyrics don't really mean anything, except  in &quot;I'll Stick Around,&quot; but they sound good nonetheless.
0688158129|4.0|I read Jodi Picoult's &quot;The Pact&quot; only a couple of months ago,  and I must say that it is my favorite of the most current literature out  there.  I loved the story line because I could vividly see the entire plot  being played out in my mind.  While I do not think it is destined to be a  classic, I do think it is a good book worth reading.
B000002579|5.0|This album is one of the top ten greatest hard rock LPs of all time.  I  started getting  back into Kansas when I found an old vintal recording.  I  decided to purchase the digitally mastered CD, and the difference is  un-real.  The guitar screams on Carry on Wayward Son, the keyboards wail on  Magnum Opus, and the violins cry sadness on Cheyenne Anthem.  YOU MUST GET  THIS CD!!!
0517122707|5.0|This is no lie.  Once when I was confronted with a pile of filing at work,  I remembered Ignatius.  I thought what would he do?  Dump it in the  trash,of course! So,I dumped the papers and believe me, the world did not  come to an end.<br />In addition to getting rid of work-related stress, I have  often gained strength from St. Martin de Porres, patron saint of mulattoes  and rats.<br />I can understand why John Kennedy Toole killed himself.  If I  had written this brilliant novel and been rejected by everyone, I would  lose my grip too.  When books like Message in a Bottle are on the  bestseller's list, it's evident things haven't changed all that much in the  publishing business.<br />If you're looking for a true original, this book is  a must read!
B000002UB3|5.0|their best album ever put out, john's best work
0399143904|4.0|Clancy has continued his technical expertise and entered the world of  special operations warfare. Technically and tactically he expresses this  world well.  The only gap I've found is that this type of warfare is much  dirtier and much more personal for the warrior.  I think if he had delved a  little deeper into the personal or emotional side of his subjects, it would  have been a bit more to home.  I'd recommend it to anyone who prefers this  genre.
B000002952|5.0|Gloria Estefan is defining her own genre as she proceeds with the  remarkable career that we continue to witness. No matter how far she  appears to stray from her Cuban roots, it is washed away in her expertise  as displayed in this very danceable, very expressive album. Most of the  songs are done in Spanish, and many are in the hot salsa rhythm that you'll  hear in Latino nightspots. Other performances include dreamy, moving pieces  and bouncy cha-cha. Overall, it's a musical masterpiece from an entertainer  who has yet to reach her limits. Her orchestra keeps up with her, and the  album itself is almost worth buying simply for the ravishing photograph of  Gloria on the cover.
0517548232|5.0|Members of both the bleeding-left and bleeding-right would benefit  tremendously from a read through this book.  In a simple, accessible  writing style Hazlitt demolished the idea of a free lunch over 50 years  ago.  It is pertinent even moreso today.  After you're done with this, read  Ayn Rand's &quot;Capitalism, The Unknown Ideal&quot; and Von Hayek's  &quot;The Road To Serfdom&quot; and you'll understand why we in the West  are so screwed up today.
0670880728|5.0|From the moment I opened the book I was amazed at the striking resemblance  between Bridget Jones and myself. The book is perfect for single women,  depressed women, or anyone looking for a common ground. Bridget Jones's  Diary is revealing, honest, and incredibly funny.
0385484518|5.0|This books delivers the awareness that often comes from someone close to  death. In this case we can learn from the observations of Morrie and gain  from his insight. A wonderful book that opens the minds to the simple  things in life that we often take for granite. Morrie's observations will  enlighten and amuse and ultimately move you.
0899663036|5.0|My dad gave this to me as required reading. Since I was twelve, I thought  it   would be boring. It was one of the most realistic and interesting  books I've ever read. I could almost smell the coffee or feel they're  hunger. I felt their emotions along with them. Everybody should read this.
0684803356|5.0|This book is as meaningful as it is enjoyable.  It presents life in no  terms other than reality.  The dichotomies that Hemingway explores, the  anecdotes he tells, the characters he creates, and the experiences he  describe all combine to create a spellbinding work.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauren Hill has blossomed into a  complete artist. Not because she's  multil-taleneted, but because she's making music that's insightful. The  album, which is sure to be a classic, covers many subjects such as love,  purpose and relgion exquisitly. And she does this so many different ways.  She brings her message through Rap, R&amp;B and certain a Reggae Gospel,  which makes her unquie as an artist these days. She's come a long way in  the last few years, and I hope she continues to grow.
0440180295|5.0|This book goes beyond most books.  There truly are very few books that can  transcend this far.  Just describing this book is difficult, but I'll give  it a try.<br />It starts with an introduction from the author about what went  into the book at first, and basically tells the entire story, which seems  to suggest that it's plotline doesn't matter (which is even more amplified  by it's unpredictabe path), and what matters most is the content.<br />It then  plunges the reader into a mish-mash of the life and times of Billy Pilgrim  (who's name suggests even more about himself).  Very little seems to take  place in Dresden (the seemingly main point of the stroy based on the title  and the introduction), yet the story seems to focus on it somehow.  <br />That  is pretty much all that can be said, because to try to explain the plot  would be completely fruitless.  <br />So it goes.
0399143904|5.0|Clancy has outdone himself this time. He has taken our worst fears and  placed them in a real world scenario that should terrify all readers. His  grasp of current events and technology are uncanny in their timeliness. By  far the scariest, most plausible book he has written. Thanks for the  nighmares!
0399143904|5.0|In &quot;Rainbow Six,&quot; Tom Clancy delivers exactly what we hoped and  expected he'd deliver, a page-turner filled, but not crammed, with  technology and testosterone.  The story focuses on John Clark and Domingo  Chavez, characters that Clancy fans have known for years (although one need  not have any Clancy background in order to thoroughly understand and enjoy  this book).<br />Clark is the title character, commanding a top-secret  international squad of special forces troops trained as counter-terrorists.   Chavez, now 31 and married to Clark's very pregnant daughter, is the  leader of one of the group's two tactical teams.  Interestingly, the name  &quot;Jack Ryan&quot; is absent from the pages, the now-President existing  in this novel only as a nameless background player.<br />The bad guys in this  installment are extremely radical back-to-nature folks who are plotting to  end most human life on the planet in order to save the planet.  Clancy  deftly describes this group's noble intentions doomed by their philosopical  contradictions.<br />Some may complain that there are relatively few new  gadgets in this book, but this was actually a refreshing change.  I am glad  that Clancy is not turning his franchise into an American James Bond  series, where the gadgetry is often more intersting than the characters and  the drama.<br />This book has my highest recommendation.  The only problem  with the book, in my opinion, may be blamed on the publisher rather than  the author.  Unfortunately, there was a high number of typographical  errors; although I did not make an actual tally, I estimate there were  approximately 15 such errors.  The proofreaders were perhaps lazy, relying  on a computer's spell checker rather than reading the text line-by-line.   Every word in the book is a properly spelled word or name, but, for  example, at least once the name &quot;Tim&quot; was printed as  &quot;Tom,&quot; or the word &quot;tomb&quot; was printed as  &quot;tome.&quot;I do not mean to pick nits, but when these examples show  themselves they are disappointingly distracting.<br />Do not let that trifling  problem stop you from buying this book.  It was an excellent read.
0061003646|2.0|This book was the first Agatha Christie book I read, and I thought it was  boaring. So I thought that Christie wasent a really good writer. But then I  read some of her other books, and they were great! I recomend to all: Don't  read this book. I think you will find it boaring. (I want to get in contact  with other Agatha Christie fans. I am a 12 yeard old girl from Norway.)
0893860220|5.0|This book is a must for everybody who seeks awaking . A real book of a  real master.
156849114X|5.0|Sarum will change your perspective of who we are as a people, where we  have been, and where we are going. This is the best historical book I have  ever read, if not the best book entirely because Rutherford takes bits and  pieces of real history and weaves them together in a fictional novel.   Tracing 5 families over 10,000 years, Sarum creates for you an  understanding of the importance of the family lineage and heritage; in the  end producing an overview of English society as we know it.  I only wish  the publisher would produce another hardcopy run because it is now out of  print.
B000005RRF|5.0|a marillion state of the art, almost as good as  &quot;script for a  jester's tear&quot;.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead has outdone themselves this time.  Their albums have gotten  progressively better, OK Computer being the pinnacle.  I do not know of any  other CD composed as well as this one while maintaining originality and  creativity.  They have become my reference to good music.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I just thought this cd was great.  At first, only karma police appealed to  me because I heard it so much, but the whole cd grew on me.  To tell the  truth, I only bought the cd because of the grammy hype and what my friends  said, but I can know honestly say that OK Computer is my favorite cd, by  far.  I just listen to every song and never get bored.
0441172717|5.0|I must say first - this book is not for everybody<br />It's for pepole who can get criticised on thayere way of life, its for pepole who r ready to look at life diffrently. I don't know where in this book it's happening, but u can not see things before this book as u see them after. If it's Paul, the freman legesy or even the malange spice, Frenk Herbert has mannaged to build a world and not just a book that the rules it are diffrent - allmost perfect. From alot of sides even to prfect. Now more then 2 years after I read this book I can realy say - that book gave me more than any other book or event gave me. It gave me a new prespactive to look on the world. That book suceeded where others have failed - it's not a book with just a story (even if it's the best story) like every other book, it is a book about changing, philosophy and winning. A documentery book about several yeras that will accored ( or not ) in 8000 years. As I am trying more and more to explain this book I find it realy difficult so if you are ready for some thing else, better then the ordinary crap every where, ready to change - read it &quot;Dune&quot;.<br />And one other thing this book does not deserve 5 stars - it deserve one star more then any other book I have ever read.
B00000ADG2|3.0|Ms. Hill is a greatly underrated singer, and she raps with conviction. But  like several recent albums by major players, she's fallen into the trap of  including totally dull and pointless inter-track interludes that add  nothing to the listening experience. Maybe if you come from a big family  where everyone jabbers all day long, this is a cool (or unnoticed) feature.  Definitely needs a remix version without the gab.
B0000062S0|3.0|Okay, I understand that Jimmy and Robert are in the twilight of their  lives, they aren't jumping around on stage, letting loose every ounce of  humanity out of their vocal cords or guitar chords.  Plant can't scream and  shout like he did back in the day, but I'm not one to speak for the  drawbacks of aging.  Their new album is pretty good, especially without the  other two Zeppers.  But, I think that the album's just a tad too dark and  they try too many new instruments, but, hey, its worth a listen.  I'm just  mad that I didn't get it on sale and had to fish out something like $17.   But, songs like &quot;Most High&quot; &quot;Shining in the Light&quot; and  &quot;When the World was Young&quot; are examples that Page can still slap  his axe.  If you're an avid Zep fan, get it.
B000006OAM|5.0|I really did not like the turn that she took in this album, and thinks she  needs to get into more of a rock/pop theme, like the unplugged album. This  one can not be selling well. I ran out and bought it once I heard she had a  new album and keep listening to it but it just does not take me where her  prior music has.
B00000AFWW|3.0|Hole's latest offering lacks the punch, edge, and sheer inspiration of  Live Through This.  The music is average at best, the lyrics shallow, and  the guitar work is pedestrian.
B0000024UO|5.0|AFTER YOU HEAR &quot;BE CAREFUL WITH A FOOL&quot; YOU&quot;LL BE HOOKED!!!  DEFINATLY THE HOTTEST LICKS EVER PUT ON VINYL.
B000001Y79|5.0|I wasn't a No Doubt fan until I listened to Tragic Kingdom. The first time  I listened to it, I only liked a few songs like Spiderwebs and Don't Speak.  Now I've listened to this one CD so many times, and every time it gets  better! I love the rhythm. No Doubt seems like a way of life...just the  feeling I get from all the music. Tragic Kingdom is a great CD, and I can't  wait to see what ND does with their upcoming album!
B000001E7T|5.0|PJH abandons the strip-down hard blues that earmarked her first two albums  _Dry_ (1992) and _Rid of Me_ (1993) for a more diverse palette of styles  and sharper songwriting.  The result is a deeply satisfying musical  tapestry, exploring choice themes of machismo, love, sex, betrayal, and the  power struggles persistent in all.   Not a particularly explosive album,  with only two outright rockers in &quot;Long Snake Moan&quot; and  &quot;Meet Ze Monsta.&quot;  The best songs are often the quietest,  including the title track, the trip-hoppy &quot;Teclo&quot; and the eerie,  lost-in-the-bayou-blues riff  &quot;I Think I'm A Mother.&quot;   Harvey's  penchant for ambiguous lyrics remains solid here too, as several of the  songs are rife for multiple interpretations.  Album's most recognizable  song &quot;Down By The Water&quot; is interpreted varyingly as either about  abortion, sexual abuse, or religious conversion (although I personally do  not see that last one myself).  Like her acknowledged hero, Bob Dylan, the  metaphors are conveniently ambiguous for the listener's enjoyment, although  not nearly as timebound or social cause-bound. Her title as one of the  &quot;Key figures in Women In Rock&quot; is essentially an insult.  Male or  female, this record is one of the best of the decade, catching the artist  at the full fruition of her creative juices.
B0000035E7|5.0|The Best Nirvana CD ever made, just be sure to buy the one thats only on  Sub Pop, cuz its better.
B000002MIY|5.0|&quot;Kamakiri&quot;, I have been told, means &quot;Beatle&quot; in  Japanese. The &quot;-ad&quot; suffix as in Odyssiad, so it's journey of the  beatle. The car is &quot;not a freeway bullet or a bug with monster wheels,  just a total bio-sphere.&quot; The logical extension of &quot;Aja&quot;,  &quot;Gaucho&quot; and other late Steely Dan. Exquisitely well thought out,  cerebral, yet funky.  The story of the journey of an improbable solar  powered car with a vegetable garden inside! Full of clever Fagan lyrics.  Rock, jazz, R&amp;B, New age influences, impossible to classify.<br />A great  stereo test record, spectacular recording quality!<br />Standout song is  &quot;Tomorrows Girls&quot;, a cautionary tale diseased about beautiful  Party Girls from outer space who come to earth for a good time with Earth  Guys. &quot;A virus wearing pumps and pearls&quot;.<br />Listen for the  fireworks when &quot;some loser fires off a flare&quot;.  Kamakiriad is  chock full of lyrical, tongue-in-cheek songs, not a bad cut on the album.<br />Gentle non-abrasive music. A masterwork! The only thing wrong with this  album is the length of time it took Donald Fagen to do it. Let's hope he  does another album soon!<br />Kilgore Trout meets Steely Dan!
B000002X1O|5.0|From the Ballad of the Chrome Nun to Sketches of China, this is some of  the best music Kantner composed without help from Marty Balin.  Avoiding  his typical pitfall of preaching anti-big government, he teases listeners  with Freudian and Jungian symbolism while poking fun at caucasians,  mythology, geneology, sex, and, of course, governments.  <br />Grace Slick's  vocal work soars on many of the cuts.  She definitely peaks during the  years of Blows, Sunfighter, and Chrome Nun.  <br />This is one of those albums  that I kind of hid from my &quot;Southern Rock&quot; friends until they had  a few beers.  Then I'd have to make some tapes of that scratchy old album  to take home.  What a blast that I'll have it on CD soon.<br />Thanx  Amazon.com!
6304806418|4.0|I never been a Modonna fan but after having seen this production two times  I am now an owner of the dvd. All of the music is very well done and there  is no straight dialog in the whole piece. I think the music coupled with  the scenes is really great.     END
B000002HRE|2.0|This is a shame. I can't believe I'm writing a negative review on a  Metallic album but this deserves it. It was a sad day when Cliff Burton  died I think Metallica may have died too.
B000000FG8|5.0|This guys are the sh##!!!! Jesse Michaels and Lint(tim armstrong) are an  incredible duo. Matt pounds out killer bass riffs. This cd IS PUNK. It  truly rocks. It f####g inspired a very good  band. Green Day. Unfortunetly  those losers have sold out on nimrod. Anyway,if you don't own this cd, you  ain't no punker. See ya in da pit.
B000002MX7|5.0|There are those who sing and those who sang. Chaka sangs and then some. If  you don't own any Chaka albums, tapes or cds, you must purchase this  collection. If you have all of Chaka's albums, tapes and cds, you must  purchase this cd.  These songs are the cream of the crop and showcases her  many genres of music including her love of jazz. My faves are &quot;Love Me  Still&quot; &quot;Night In Tunisia&quot; and &quot;Papillon&quot; The new  material is very good on its own, but the classic tunes are songs that will  stand the test of time Ain't Nobody bad as Chaka.
B00000ADG2|5.0|If I were on a deserted island and could have only one cd and a solar  powered cd player, this album would be the one! Lauren Hill's lyrics flow  like water and the beats are hypnotic without dulling the senses.  Her  ability to switch from singing to rhyming is unique and seamless.  The  woman clearly is about business because she let her album drop with no  mistakes in her &quot;sound&quot; or style!! I wouldn't be surprised if she  stepped out on her own permanently (listen to &quot;Lost Ones&quot;, and  &quot;Forgive them Father&quot;-- she is TALKING to someone REAL CLOSE to  her).  This is beyond the limits of &quot;hip hop&quot; and 'R &amp;  B&quot;, this is soul for the '90s.  While KIm, Foxy, Mya and whoever else  is out there posin', Ms. Hill is getting the job done!
B000000WFU|5.0|Songs Of Sanctuary is a great CD, it helps you relax, also their second CD  &quot;Adiemus II Cantata Mundi&quot; is wondefull
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn hill has proved her lyrical skills once again.This is the best but  more is soon to come wyclef should feel clowned for trying to leave her out  in the rain. Keep it coming girl.
6305041156|5.0|Akira Kurosawa died two days ago, but his memory will live forever, thanks  to his films, which rank among the greatest ever made, and were the  acknowledged inspiration for Speilberg, Lucas, and almost every director  since. If you've never seen them, do yourself a favor and get them.     END
B00000269M|5.0|I remember when I was younger I used to dress, and act like Michael. This  album has got to be the best album he has made, except for  &quot;Thriller&quot;. I would have loved to see him tour this album..
B000007ODM|5.0|I am a New Age and Pop/Rock music fan. I have been buying this kind of  music for quite some time now and I can tell you this is a very good CD. I  really like &quot;modern sounds&quot; such as a guitar in contrast with  &quot;ancient ones&quot; like the choir.  Levi has been influenced by Queen  and Enigma (that's for sure), but he explores new frontiers with ERA. He  weaves together these 2 great genders into a very particular one.
B00000AFWW|5.0|It's the summer of woman artists for me (Lucinda Williams, Victoria  Williams, Liz Phair...) Today Hole's album was released - another very  pleasant surprise!  I woulda given it 4-and-one-half stars, but I'll  definitely round UP!   Courtney's voice and E's guitar are all over the  place.  Not so obviously &quot;in your face&quot; as the last album, yet  still &quot;in your face&quot;!  Heavy, melodic, pounding, jangly - all  sorts of surprises.   Get it!
B00000ADG2|5.0|This CD is amazing.  I bought it a week ago and have listened to it every  day since -- sometimes several times a day.  I've recommended it to  everyone I know.  This is an instant classsic that I'm sure people will  talk about for years to come.  Lauryn has set the standard.  Let's hope  others now will attempt to &quot;light [our] fire&quot; and stop bombarding  us with the same old tired tracks.  Again, BUY THIS CD!!!  You won't regret  it.
B00000018N|5.0|I just got my niece (age 17) to listen to the whole CD and she was  wowed.<br />This is an early '70s record which really holds up.<br />Not only  does it contain kick butt rock but there are some beautiful songs on it as  well.  And, the lyrics are about big issues -- not the coffee house whining  of many current &quot;rockers&quot;.<br />Aqualung alone should have warranted  Tull's inclusion in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame -- not to mention hours  and hours of other great stuff.  Shame.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill's solo debut album is in one word: UNBELIEVABLE.  The lyrics  are beautiful, insightful, wise, and poetical.  The songs are awesome.  The  fast rhythms are a lot of fun.  I don't have one bad thing to say about  this record.  It is inspiring and definitely my favorite new addition to my  CD collection.
B00000AFWW|4.0|&quot;This is not your typical hole release...&quot; that much is true.   But to dismiss it simply because it isn't as raw as &quot;LTT&quot; or  earlier tracks... doesn't mean that it is &quot;a dissappointment!&quot;  I  think  the level of maturity that has been reached with this CD is  remarkable.  Each song has it's own unique sound; all creative, all fairly  catchy.  SO... Before you DON'T BUY this, 'cause Spin and R.Stone, and  Ent.Wkly. hate it, remember that music is communication,  and that they do.   This is what they are now, how they feel, and I fully respect them for  that, as anyone would hope to be if they put out a CD.  I highly recommend  it for the sheer brilliance it is... IT IS ORIGINAL!
B0000033P0|4.0|With a superb debut album under their belt in 1970, ELP now had the  challenge of recording a follow-up. The challenge was met with 1971's  Tarkus. Once the needle hit the record grooves back then (or CD in the CD  player today), the side-long title cut never let up. A non-stop keyboard  tour de force, Tarkus explores an epic succession of musical moods and  styles before culminating in a dramatic, synth-driven grand finale. The  tunes that make up what was then the album's second side can't quite match  the power and glory of Tarkus, (although Bitch's Crystal and A Time And A  Place come close). All in all, a valiant sophomore effort by a soon-to-be  supergroup. Not recommended for anyone who publicly admits buying a Barry  Manilow or Captain &amp; Tenille album.
B0000057C5|5.0|A great CD. Industrial music at its best. Non-stop, adrenaline- pumping,  in your face, loud music with one of my favorite languages: German.  Rammstein is the hottest band out there with the exception of Nine Inch  Nails. Rammstein is a must for any rock or industrail lover.No other band  is as hypnotising and exciting as Rammstein. Bestrafe Mich is an AWESOME  song !! Tier, Buck Dich,Engel, Du Hust, Spiel Mit Mir, Kuss Mich, and all  the rest keeping the jams flowing. The best.
B000001EAQ|4.0|The key to enjoying this album, especially for longtime U2 fans, is to  listen to it more than once.  My initial reaction was to dislike it, but  the more I listened, the better it got.  Even songs like Mofo, songs that  on the surface seem to be nonsensical, have moving lyrics. (Mofo's are  about missing his late mother.) All told, every song is good and worth  repeated listening.  Give it a chance.
0441172717|5.0|This book goes deeply into the way that life could be or the way that it  already has been.  I have read this book many times and every time I read  it it becomes that much better.  It follows the journeys of a boy who is a  prince like on one world but on Dune he is the Maud'dib who is the kind of  savior for the people of Dune.  It follows the many journeys of him to  becoming a real savior.
6304936346|4.0|Brianstorm, the final film in the storied career of Natalie Wood, is  actually good in spots. Sure, it's been maligned by some people and revered  by others. Christopher Walken gives a good performance along with Louise  Fletcher and Cliff Robertson. Originally released in 1983, the movie  actually gives a glimpse into the future AS WE KNOW IT!<br />The headgear in  the movie is something we haven't seen in the software stores, but it  certainly could happen. Computers weren't as prolific at that time, and the  writers probably didn't know that they were making a cult classic.<br />It's  too bad Natalie Wood passed away during the filming of this movie. You can  tell which scenes were filmed when she was alive and which ones were done  with a stand in. If you've seen the movie, you'll appreciate the  availability of this on DVD.<br />One small note. This can be VERY interesting  when seen on a computer screen (when you're up close) and could be  irritating to the eyes. It could also stimulate other parts of the brain,  as well.     END
B0000028W9|5.0|If you listen carefully to the words, you will be far wiser than you ever  could have been. I only wish that I could have an hour to talk with him.
0790729733|5.0|JFK is a documentary of historical fact. Without going into too much  detail, Kevin Costner plays the part of Jim Garrison, proving again that he  can act better when he's not directing. Donald Sutherland is brilliant,  albeit his one scene (10 min.) If you follow the camera and angles, it  looks as if the scene was shot in one take. Given Oliver Stone's penchant  for details and cinema verit perfectly, it probably was.<br />When the movie  is over, you have this feeling that JFK was assassinated in a conspiracy,  as opposed to the Warren Commission's report of a single bullet theory. In  the end, you'll be thinking twice about whodunit!     END
B000001XO3|5.0|This is one of the greatest Ring cycles ever recorded. The cast is  wonderful and the conducting subtle and dramatically convincing. For  listeners new to the Ring, the remastered Solti and Karajan versions will  reveal all the glory of the score. But if you are willing to use your  imagination, Krauss's version is unmatched for its gripping drama and vocal  opulence. The present release has as good a sound as previous incarnations  of this version.
6304712936|5.0|Most people who have studied music at some time in their lives have heard  the name of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. This is an attempt to recreate his  life via film. Tom Hulce is brilliant, and he's the most notable of the  actors and actresses in this Oscar winning movie. Elizabeth Berridge and  Catherine Ebersole have been in sitcoms since the movie, but I'm pretty  sure that Amadeus would top their resumes. (I'm not talking alphabetically  here.) <br />The movie's soundtrack is awash in Mozart's music, and there is a  track which enables you to listen to the music only on the DVD version.  This DVD comes with a featurette on the making of the movie. It's well  worth watching before the movie so that you can get the background  information about the time, music and character.<br />The title character,  Mozart, is well acted and you get to know almost all sides of him. It's a  shame that this man died at 35. When that part comes in the movie, you may  find yourself reaching for a hankerchief. After watching Mozart dictating  music to Salieri (F. Murray Abraham) you'll want to have the Requiem mass  played at your funeral.     END
0679457313|5.0|Interesting that some did not like the book.  Others of us loved it.  I  liked the Capitalized Terms that others spurned.  I liked the feeling of  the story, the sense of place, quiet.  This is perhaps not the best book  every written, but is a GREAT read.
6304916558|5.0|This is a quality Bond type of wall to wall action with excellent special  effects and great surround sound. I have watched it twice and have now  purchased it.Violence done in good taste and not to be taken seriously.     END
B0000032LS|5.0|This CD is a must! From Song 1 (Dammit Janet) to the last one, (Time Warp  Extened Version) it is a great choice!
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley died in late May of 1997, and sadly only left us with a small  collection of music. They say that quality is what counts, not quanity.  This release proves that without a doubt.  By only taking &quot;Grace&quot;  (Jeff's only finished full length recording) into consideration, Buckley is  hands down the Artist of the Decade.  Ponder that statement, Now you can  begin to have an idea of how truly astonishing of a talent Jeff was, and  how utterly special &quot;Grace&quot; is to the world of recorded music.   This recording will become more classic as time passes, and undoubtedly the  fans of Jeff Buckley will grow and grow as people discover his work.  Play  this recording and your ears will smile, and your heart will break (it is  all we really have).  Worth the price of one cold cool Franklin, for a  little over one Hamilton this recording is a nothing short of a musical  windfall to your music collection.  You will rarely spend so little to get  so much!
B000002J1O|5.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  The early stuff (Trespass, Nursery Cryme, and  Foxtrot) all had moments of greatness (i.e. &quot;Stagnation,&quot;  &quot;The Musical Box,&quot; and the first 2/3 of &quot;Supper's  Ready,&quot; respectively), bogged down by some pretentious overkill. On  Selling England, however, it all worked, from the classical musicianship to  Gabriel's lofty lyricism.  Probably the most enjoyable example of mid-70's  art rock, and a much more solid affair than the overblown but highly-touted  &quot;concept&quot; album which followed (The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway),  which precipitated Gabriel's departure and the band's descent into Phil  Collins-helmed bland radio fodder. Sure, it's hard to take the silly  wordiness of &quot;The Battle of Epping Forest&quot; with a straight face,  but most of this is so musically engaging that you find yourself hopping on  for the ride.
B00000AFWW|5.0|hole is one of my favorite bands, and Live Through This is my favorite  album of all time.  So, I was nervous---Celebrity Skin had a lot to live up  to. Fortunantly, Celebrity Skin, although far different from previos hole  endeavors, is amazing!  I especially like the track &quot;Boys on the  Radio&quot;, as it has similiar lyrics and music to another hole song which  is sometimes included on bootlegs, &quot;Never Go Away.&quot;   &quot;Awful&quot; is wonderful, &quot;Malibu&quot; is beautiful, and  everything in between is just plain incredible!
B000005ZGZ|5.0|Forgetting the hype that surrounds Fugazi, who have been releasing jarring  music for a decade now, and just enjoy this one.  Anti-whatever stance  aside, I applaud the band on this endeavor purely for the music and feeling  they've put into it.  The album is quite varied and mature, lyrically and  musically, without sounding tired.  Fugazi can sometimes come off too  articulate and overwrought for their own sake, but this one effectively  tempers their politicizing with the elements that make up great rock music.   Be sure to check it out.
B00000AFHM|5.0|I rushed to the record store to buy this one the day it came out, and I  was not disappointed.  The vocals are as soothing as they were in &quot;If  You're Feeling Sinister,&quot; with the added edge of melancholy lyrics.   &quot;The Boy With the Arab Strap&quot; seems to be slightly more cheerful  -- but don't worry, only slightly.  Some of the more interesting new sounds  include a female vocalist, a spoken word track, and a song that seems  rather reminiscent of The Magnetic Fields (&quot;Sleep the Clock  Around&quot; ... hey, even the TITLE sounds like Stephin Merritt wrote  it!).
B000007359|5.0|Queensryche's &quot;Rage for Order&quot;(their third album), was the first  album that caught my eye.  After listening to it, I was hooked.  I had to  have more.  I have come to the conclusion that Queensryche is a band that  you either love them or you hate them.  I for one love them.  They are not  a band that requires radio play or the commercial appeal that other bands  need.  They write and play the music as they feel it, see it, and above all  want it.  They leave it up to the consumer.  If he/she buys it then great,  if not, well then it'll be for the next person.  Queensryche has in me, a  listener for life.  I wait for their new albums, and then when they are  released, I am the first one there to purchase it.  I have everything  they've released, as well as a lot of imports, and they have yet to  disappoint me.  Keep up the awesome job Queensryche, and I must agree, Cris  DeGarmo, you will be missed.
0679745203|5.0|I read this book while lying in bed with the flu and was positively  transported to another place...It is one of the most beautifully written  books I have read in a long time.
B000002KXV|5.0|When I first bought this album on vinyl, I remember the salesperson saying  &quot;Hey, thats a nice album!&quot;. What more can one ask for? This is  certainly Donald Fagens best album. Soothing, infectious 50's jazz rhythms,  perfect harmonies, perfect production. I wasn't lucky enough to be born and  grow up in the fifties, but this album brings them to life. Inspirational  stuff.<br />This album is certainly different to Kamakiriad, but not better,  not worse. My suggestion, buy both along with Guacho and AJA from Steely  Dan. You will then have the best of this artists fine work...
B000002X1O|5.0|Great songs, great artists. What else do you need? I used to have this  album and the vinyl copy is a collectors item. I too have been looking for  it for years! No more used record stores for me.... it's Amazon for  replacing my old album collection!
B00000AFWW|4.0|&quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; is a great CD, much anticipated!! I absolutely  loved &quot;Live Through This&quot; and was very excited that the band was  finally putting out another one.  Although this CD is not as hardcore as  the previous, I still enjoyed it very much.  The only thing that  disappoints me is that it seems to have a much milder tone, almost, gasp,  top 40'ish !!! Say it isn't so, Courtney!!!!! All in all, its worth the  $15.
B0000069CT|5.0|As a violinist, I really admire most of the violin concertos. Max Bruch's  masterpieces are really beautiful!!!! All violin lovers-must-have CD.  Salvatore Accardo performed the pieces beatifully. A great violinist!!!
B000007177|4.0|CD #1 is the album that had to be abandoned in 1973 due to all kinds of  problems during production.  A very strange mix of tunes some of which work  quite well -- some do not.  The band shelved the effort and instead went  back to the studio and produced the controversial Passion Play.<br />CD #2  contains songs that never made it onto a Tull album and a number are  terrific: Man of Principle, Silver River Turning, Truck Stop Runner, I  Don't Want To Be Me, Broadford Bazaar among them.  You get rock, folk,  folk/country, etc.  For me CD #2 and the few songs I liked on #1 made this  one well worth the price.
B000002IZM|5.0|At first when I popped in the CD, I was immediately presented with  dialogue from the film... and then the main titles started up. Even though  I have heard complaints about dialogue in movie soundtracks a lot, I find  that it puts you back into the film. Sometimes, I wish that some dialogue  would be in some of the soundtracks I own, like Kiefer Sutherland's  openeing narration to the movie, &quot;Dark City&quot;. The openeing titles  to Blade Runner captures the beautiful but depressing city that you are  first presented with at the beginning of the film, perfectly. Then it moves  to another intresting, but very hypnotizing to listen to song called  &quot;Blush Response&quot;. Then it moves onto another mesmerizing song,  &quot;Wait for Me&quot;. It is a very enjoyable CD to listen to... all of  the tracks place you back into the amazing setting and feel of the classic  film. There are some incredibly imaginative songs in this soundtrack like  &quot;Tales of the Future&quot;, which I find myself listening to a lot.  His famous &quot;End Titles&quot; song, even though somewhat cheesy at  first, is very intresting to listen to, and somehow portays the dark but  exciting life of a &quot;Blade Runner&quot;. There's a strange track called  &quot;One More Kiss, Dear&quot; that just seems so out of place. This was  probably placed into the soundtrack for giving the listener a quick break  from the extremely moody and dark feel of Blade Runner. Overall, I couldn't  find something that I didn't like in this CD... it's a great new-agy  soundtrack that you will find yourself listening to time and time again.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna's always been able to sing great, but &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; is  her first album with true meaning. Some of her other songs have meaning,  &quot;Like A Prayer&quot;, &quot;Holiday&quot;, &quot;Vogue&quot;,  &quot;I'll Remember&quot;, and &quot;This Used To Be My Playground&quot;.  But now, she offers many more songs with true meaning: &quot;Ray Of  Light&quot;, &quot;Frozen&quot;, &quot;Swim&quot;, &quot;Sky Fits  Heaven&quot;, &quot;Little Star&quot;, and others. Each with a great feel  to them. Madonna is truly unique.
0780622553|5.0|In Dark City, Alex Proyas conjoins Ridley Scott's vision of Blade Runner  with his own saga of The Crow to present clearly the greatest movie ever  made.  From the opening sequence of a world falling asleep to the final  apocalyptic battle and aftermath (a visual parallel to the Biblical story  of Revelation), the movie is sheer greatness.  It constantly challenges our  beliefs, indeed our very sanity, with the Lovecraftian inference of madness  being the key to a truth too terrible to bear.  Proyas dark vision of a  future world detached from Earth--a medley of various timeframes in human  history--where all the known remnants of humanity are merely mice in some  cruel experiment conducted by strangers to whom we are of no more concern  than a guinea pig harkens back--effectively--to the Robert E. Howard story  The People of the Black Coast.  In short, an entertaining, dark, poetic  vision of human plight with a heavy concentration of questioning of  established beliefs.     END
B000006OAM|5.0|I was stunned to see negative reviews. I love 10K Maniacs Live &amp; Tiger  Lily, and this is different yet wonderful. It isn't lighthearted by any  means but makes you put down your book, and think about the words and  stories that are there. My only disappointment is the long wait for the  next release.
B000002GB9|5.0|A true classic, with hits like Fooling Yourself and Come Sail Away. This  cd also contains my all-time favorite Styx song, &quot;Castle Walls&quot;.  I cannot say enough good things about this cd.
B000002J1Y|4.0|Yes music was difficult enough to capture in the studio, let alone live in  concert. Yessongs, a massive 3-disc live document recorded in '73, may be a  bit much for the average listener, but is a banquet of goodies for the Yes  fanatic. Constrained by the limited pre-digital recording and instrumental  technology of that era, Yessongs must be heard in the context of its time.  The band makes a valiant attempt to pull off their stunning, complicated  music on stage - with crackling high energy and loose arrangements that  leave plenty of room for improvising. Yes were truly at their peak here,  during a very special era when music such as this could reach a massive  audience - an era, sadly, that is gone forever. (Also highly recommended is  the DVD video version of the Yessongs film.)
B000002UAU|5.0|First things first: this is the greatest album ever made, and the axis  mundi of twentieth century popular music. From the opening tune-up  preceding the title track, to the fade-out of the final chord of &quot;A  Day in a Life,&quot; the Beatles compose, paint, sculpt, limn,and above  all, play and sing an entire world of sound into being. This album is  framed by three sequential triads of individual songs that flawlessly segue  into each other(a triadic triad), with seemingly disconnected songs lacing  the spaces between. This leaves the impression of a larger composition  while preserving the singularity and originality of each individual song.  The opening triad: the title cut, &quot;With a Little Help from My  Friends,&quot; and &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,&quot; by itself is  a small masterpiece of song and production. Sgt. Pepper dissolves all  boundaries between rock and symphony, and does so without the lugurbrious  overproduction of less creative groups. &quot;With a Little Help...&quot;  is a song that captures both plaintive, hesitant reflection and enduring  hope all in one breath. Written by Lennon &amp; McCartney (a true  collaboration) and sung by Ringo in what might be the finest vocal  performance of his career, the song quietly exudes both uncertainty and  hope, diffidence about the future and the comfort of tangible friendship  and the possibilities of love. This one song, in its own way, is a  microcosm of the while album. The triad moves into Lennon's dreamscape,  &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,&quot; a song that is among the most  lyrically evocative on record. Lennon paints another world, a transendent  world of color, grace, and image - far and away from the more earthly  concerns of &quot;With a Little Help,&quot; but just as human and humane  because it comes from the heart of one of music's most honest and gifted  songwriters. If Sgt.Pepper stopped being brilliant here, it would still be  one of the greatest albums ever made. But it doesn't stop here. A second  triad (not as evident on the album but obvious to the cd listener) involves  more Lennon whimsical lyricism, but with even more playful production.  &quot;Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot; thus opens the second triad,  another adventure into Lennon's dreamscape. From the dream we move into the  mystical vision of &quot;Within You, Without You,&quot; and far underrated  and neglected Harrison production that accomplishes philosophically what  the first song, and the entire album, is all about - dissolvine boundaries  between art and pop, between rock and symphony, between wit and wisdom,  between joy and pathos, between life and death, between God and humanity:  all boundaries become as nothing through this album, and - &quot;life goes  on within you and without you.&quot; From the transcendent the Bealtes  elide into the ordinary and palpable - a flawless seque from &quot;Within  You...&quot; into &quot;When I'm 64.&quot; Again, with humor and humanity  the Beatles talk of hope and love, with a tinge of doubt but not enough to  undermine their intelligent optimism. After the humorous interlude of  &quot;Lovely Rita,&quot; the third and closing triad opens with Lennon's  dreamscape coming down to earth in &quot;Good Morning Good Morning.&quot;  Again, Lennon's lyrical tapestry is masterful, meandering through a more  earthly landscape, but one that is still touching the boudaries of another  dimension. The song brillianlty and deliberately breaks down into  controlled chaos at the end, slowing to a near entropic stop with the sound  of a single clucking chicken that is suddenly transformed into a high  guitar note - and we move instantly back into the driving primitive  simplicity of rock, the title cute reprise. For a brief moment we are back  into the Beatles as pure rock bound, but only a brief moment, for what  happens next is just quite simply the most breathtaking moment in rock  history. The rock song fades into thesimple strum of an acoustic guitar,  followed by the &quot;fade in&quot; of  ascending piano chords, and then  Lennon's voice at its most ethereal and fragile begins to sing a lyric that  is once again earthly and transcendent. After two verses the song again  breaks down into a vortex of primal sound, beginning in murky depth and  building through more controlled chaos into a brilliant and blinding sonic  rupture that abruptly breaks into a single repetition, moving into a brief  return to simple rock, but now led forward by Paul at his vocal best,  snapping us out of Lennon's reverie and into a texture of quotidien reality  marked by alarm clocks, combed hair, cigarrettes, and  Liverpool buses -  but again, the dream returns  cued by an ordinary word,&quot;somebody spoke  and I went into a dream,&quot; and out of a swirl of music Lennon's dream  voice masterfully returns, taking us into one last alternative dimension -  only this time into a Dali-esque realm of the absurd (&quot;now they know  how many holes it takes to  fill the Albert Hall.&quot;) before refraining  the vortex of sound, which ends again abruptly, but this time with a  seemingly interminable piano chord that fades ever so gradually into  nothingness, and completing a sequence of sound,  lyric, and musicianship  that is a stunningly beautiful and emotionally powerful moment. Nothing  like this precedes Sgt. Pepper, not even the Beatles &quot;Revolver&quot;  which has similar moments (particularly with &quot;Tomorrow Never  Knows&quot;, which as an invdividual song is even greater than the separate  songs on &quot;Pepper&quot; but surpassed by &quot;Pepper's&quot;  concluding triad), or The Beach Boys &quot;Pet Sounds,&quot; which  McCartney generously points to as an influence, or Dylan's &quot;Highway 65  Revisited.&quot; Furthemore,there has been nothing like &quot;Sgt.  Pepper&quot; since, although bands like Pink Floyd (&quot;Dark Side of the  Moon&quot;) and The Who (&quot;Tommy&quot; &quot;Who's Next&quot;) or the  Beatles again (&quot;White Album&quot; and &quot;Abbey Road&quot;) come  about as close as one can get. They are all remarkable albums, each worthy  of their status as masterpieces; but &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; remains in a  separate dimension of creativity and reality - an eternal testament to the  spirit of the human race in all its aspects.
B000002NHN|5.0|Genre classification of music tells only half the story about music, its  mechanics... the other half of the equation is its &quot;sense of  life&quot;.  Those of you who are seeking something that looks up rather  than down but is firmly planted in nature and this earth, would be well  advised to consider Loreena McKennitt's work.  <br />Her music has a very  autumnal, pagan flavour; when I listen to it, I can smell the crackly  fallen leaves and feel the sharp chill of autumn in Niagara, even as I live  in the dry heat of Nevada.   I've been listening to her quite a bit as the  fall approaches...<br />Comparisons to Enya are not particularly useful, as  they do not fly at the same altitudes.  Enya floats amongst the clouds;  Loreena dances in the woods and meadows.
B000002S4V|5.0|Maurizio Pollini may have nailed every nuance of this music to technical  perfection in his late '70s recordings for Deutsche Grammophon, but only  the late British pianist Solomon imbues these sonatas with transcendent  vision. The honor of listening to music this fine is akin to holy communion  with Beethoven himself. Not to be missed.
0515123447|5.0|With fast-paced action and creative plot twists, Lee Child's done  something I couldn't fathom--write a character (Jack Reacher) who's every  bit the man and hero of Stephen Hunter's, Bob Lee Swagger lore. With a  compelling first-person narrative, you discover Reacher's depth of  character in his love of Roscoe versus his untamed violence. It's  a real  page-turner! I'm overwhelmingly impressed and plan to read &quot;Die  Trying&quot; immediately.
B000003TAR|5.0|Nirvana's IN UTERO proves that if Nirvana continued to make records, they  would up there with the greats. They only had  four albums to prove their  talent, and IN UTERO is the only one that shows it 100%. With Kurt Cobain,  music lost the only true lyricist along with a few others that could truly  write lyrics and songs that penetrated deep into the human soul.
B00000253N|5.0|When time has passed a sufficient distance for us to look back on the last  thirty years of rock Bob Dylan and this album in particular will shine out  as a work of art in a truly historic sense. Masterful. Little if anything  approaches it. Any of it.
B00000AFWW|2.0|Well, OK. So the lyrics are a bit more profound than the Bangles, but  compared to the sonic innovations of Portishead and Massive Attack, this  music is really flat. And while only the most cynical moron would ever  believe that Courtney had her late husband killed, the Nick Broomfield  documentary leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Oops, can't say that, though.  If you do you might incur the vicious wrath of Love's legal team. At least  she cares about the grand American tradition of suing people. Don't fall  for the manipulation.
B000005JA8|5.0|Influential? Try this: In the late 70s, I worked as a record-store clerk  in a big chain store in Berkeley, California. We got a lot of bands through  town in those days, and most of them visited our store, not least because  of our huge cassette catalog (since the CD hadn't been invented yet,  cassettes were the recreational-listening medium of choice for touring  musicians). Over the course of one year during that period, we got visits  from Blondie, Talking Heads, Elvis Costello, Miles Davis, Brian Eno and  Phillip Glass. AND EVERY SINGLE ONE of these musicians (or members of their  groups) came in and bought Beefheart product on cassette -- most of them,  this album (some already had it). Debbie Harry was particularly fond of the  man, believe it or lump it (she bought everything then available).<br />If you  want an explanation of Beefheart, try reading Greil Marcus' &quot;Lipstick  Traces: A Secret History of the 20th Century&quot;, where Marcus cites him  (along with such as the Velvets and Count Five) as one of the very few who  weren't wholly &quot;discredited&quot; by the advent of the Sex Pistols and  punk music generally. He's still correct. <br />I have now owned a copy of  this recording in one medium or another for over 20 years. I listen to it  at least monthly. It keeps me sane. It is also extremely useful if you  should happen to invite one or more stupid media pink boys to your  apartment and then find you cannot get rid of them. Simply put on TMR and  watch them run screaming for the exits (and should you find yourself among  them, get a lobotomy).
B000001IMX|5.0|When I first heard this album punk rock was a musical form that I  previously had little time for. This album changed all my previous  assumptions.It is a stunning blend of humour and aggression and is one of  the overlooked hardcore classics.A word of warning though, this was ST's  highpoint beware their later albums.
B000002UJQ|5.0|A majestic tour-de-force of lyrics, melody and feeling; it takes you from  rocking highs to symphonic lows.  By far the best album of the late 90s,  Radiohead have defined themselves as masters.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Without a doubt, this CD will make my best top ten CD's of the nineties  list!  Lauryn is on top of her game on EVERY track and there is no filler  at all!  Lauryn is definitely  a female Stevie Wonder of her times.  NUFF  SAID!  If you don't own this album now, run to your nearest record store  and get it, you won't go wrong!
B00000BKDS|5.0|The best of Iron Maiden! Original, raw and metal at its finest!Iron Maiden  was there in the begining and will be there at the end!
0694520500|5.0|This is absolutely the most useful, informative and interesting book I  have read in years. In just 21 days of practicing and applying techniques  from this book my life became more rich and successful.  I was never able  to focus or to make a real  commitment, but this book did miracles to my  life. I do recommend it highly to everyone regardless of who you are and  what you do, this book is a must.
B000002B5L|5.0|The awesome talents of Pras, Wyclef, and L-Boogie (Lauryn Hill) come  together in this amazing album. All the beats are tight. I originally  bought this for &quot;Killing Me Softly,&quot; but now it it one of the  three most often-played CDs I have. It's been said before: The Fugees have  redefined hip-hop. I couldn't agree more...this album is versatile, and  never grows tired.
0590373587|5.0|This book turned students who did not like to  read into readers!
B000002UAX|5.0|This Album has got to be the best ever written by the Beatles. It is the  Album that has the most instrumental sounds as well as the best lyrics for  1968. It sounds so modern for it's time.All the songs on the cd could never  be writtern by todays bands .I am 18 Years old I like Oasis and many other  bands like the Verve but when you listen to this album it's nothing that  could be compared to todays bands. Many people think that Sgt Pepper's  Lonely Hearts club band was the best but when you listen to this it will  get you rocking . Abbey Road was another great album to listen to but the  White Album I think was the very best by The Beatles !!! If you are a  Beatles fan like me this is a must have album to buy .
B0000047CX|5.0|The other reviews written above by other devotees say it all.I first heard  Stan Getz 31 years ago at the age of 21.Today I am still enthralled by the  sheer genius of the man.Close your eyes and hear him blow.You are  transported to the beaches and bars of Copacabana.The association of Getz  and the Gilbertos created music which became universal and eternal. This  album will secure their place in Jazz history
B000002UB3|5.0|This Album is proberly the best sence The White Album. They worked  together to produce the Album to be rememberd to date .I really like how  they put Mean Mr.Musterd,Polertheme pam and She came through the window  together. How many Band's do you know today can even sing let alone write a  song not as near as good as may be John Lennons worse songs that are  proberly worth thousand's even through remember that I said the songs were  never relesed ,any way I am 18 years old the very first time I even litened  to a beatles song was about 1993 and the song was one of my all time fav's  Let it be and While my Guitar Gently Weeps . Thank you for reading my  review Marc Davis.
B000006NPY|5.0|This album is a distinct departure from the Smashing Pumpkin's signature  roar.  The quiet melodies and delicate tones illustrate a different  side  of the band.  The band dipped their toe into electronics, but in my  opinion, it is a refreshing change and clearly illustrates Pumpkin's  versitality.  In a few songs, when you least expect it, the signature  Pumpkins guitar emerges as somewhat of an old friend.  This album of  &quot;arcane night music&quot; is one  to be savored.
0679735909|5.0|Byatt's command of the English language, both in present and Victorian  styles is very impressive.  The stories, for there are two interwoven, are  beautifully juxtaposed.  Today and yester year are not so different after  all! I loved it, have recommended it, and it is one of my all time favorite  books.  This book shall stay on my shelf for life and be read repeatedly.
B000006OBQ|5.0|Frank Sinatra and Count Basie on one album means instant success.  You've  read the above reviews...what are you waiting for?  This remastered CD is  better quality than before with a great rendition of &quot;Luck Be A  Lady&quot; added (originally cut on the LP in '66 and the previous CD).   The sound quality is crisper and Sinatra is in PRIME FORM.<br />Sinatra is the  interpreter of American Popular Song and you'd better listen to cut #16 if  you wanna live!  &quot;Don't Worry 'Bout Me&quot; is prime Sinatra phrasing  and Basie 'in-your-face' groove.  <br />Crank the Frank with one of the  hippest live Sinatra albums available.  Go for it and remember to &quot;sit  back, adjust the volume high, and take in a lovely beverage...&quot;
B000002AH1|5.0|Can't help it, I love Miles, and the music he made!  This recording is  good because you get some terrific long grooved out funky stuff as well as  some more concise and listenable studio work from the same time period, a  la In A Silent Way.  I liked it because of the variety,.
B0000024UO|5.0|Johnny Winter is without doubt the finest white bluesman ever to pick up a  guitar. &quot;Be Careful With a Fool&quot; features some of the fastest  electric licks in this or any other universe, with no compromise in taste  and style. At the other end of the spectrum, &quot;Dallas&quot; showcases  Johnnys deft acoustic bottleneck playing, plus an edgy attitude. Be careful  when and where you play this CD; somebody might get hurt!
B000002JOF|5.0|This album in way changed my life as I was stranded on the M25 outside  London and realaised that I was potentially on the road to hell. This whole  album is far from flimsy this is full of feeling and asks many questions of  todays media and culture. For the music and Rea's voice this album is a  MUST have.
0688158234|5.0|I've just read an advanced copy of this book in one sitting.  This frank  autobiography's subtitle sums it up succinctly.  Raised in the Somali  desert, Dirie spent her childhood herding goats and camels.  When her uncle  becomes ambassador to Britain, she is sent to work for his family in London  as a maid.  Suffering culture-shock in the extreme, the illiterate barefoot  had never before seen white people or a flushing toilet!  But it is Dirie's  openness in describing her &quot;circumcision&quot; and its subseqent  effect on her life which brings tears to the eyes with it's sheer horror.   Far from being a vapid supermodel expos, this is an inspiring and stunning  story of a culture totally alien to the Western world, of family, of growth  and of one woman's unrelenting determination to succeed.  I can't wait to  hear her speak when she tours Australia for the books launch next month.
0345345061|5.0|This book is well done, full of several wonderful short stories, an essay,  and even a poem or two. It's really not something to read all at once, but  more of a selective reading volume. It also has excellent illustrations.
B000002579|5.0|Leftoverture has everything-rockers, majestic pieces with excellent,  complex instrumental work &amp; soaring vocals.  You will not be  disappointed!
B000003RCY|5.0|this music is similar to KMFDM. They really rock. I'm looking forward to  their arrival in my town to not only here live, but to see.
B00000AFHM|4.0|More quiet, literate, sad, beautiful pop, somewhat reminiscent of the  Smiths or John Cale-style Velvet Underground.  The only disappointing track  here is the spoken &quot;Space Boy Dream&quot; which, since it is neither  witty nor even interesting, gets boring after the first listen.  The rest  of the album, however, is more than worth the price of the CD.
0802713319|5.0|This is an excellent book illuminating the work of mathematicians and  gives a lay person a flavor for what is interesting without requiring a lot  of mathematics. Simon Singh has a talent for making his subject approchable  like Issac Asimov, John Gribbin and George Gamow.
0393316041|5.0|Lets you know that a life of science doesn't have to be all work and no  play.  This is the kind of person I'd like to be.  All business when  necessary and knows how to have loads of fun.  I wish I could have met and  known him socially. Life would not have been dull.
0553278223|5.0|This was one of the books that introduced me to science fiction, and it  has stayed in my mind ever since.  The writing is pure poetry, the tone is  haunting, the work itself unforgettable.  The tech may seem dated today,  and the Martian setting a trifle naive, but it works anyway, largely  because Bradbury doesn't attempt to measure the human heart with a slide  rule.  If you've never read SF, this is certainly one of the places to  start.  If you've grown up on the stuff, it's worth your while to  reacquaint yourself with this small red gem.
B000002LK1|5.0|From &quot;Clean&quot; to &quot;Policy of Truth&quot; to &quot;Personal  Jesus&quot;, DM's catharsis of tunes knows no end, neither in dark and  cyncial moods or fast, upitty wit.  If you are a pessimist or optimistic,  happy or sad, christian or satanist, you have to at least give this one a  chance before deeming it &quot;dull&quot;.   I did a dance to &quot;Enjoy  the Silence&quot; that rocked with two other dancers. peace out. david  gahan is very intriguing, i hope he has given up the drugs for good.
B0000000LI|5.0|This CD is one of my favorites, period!!  I like to play it while I'm  cleaning the house, it really gets me motivated and is equally wonderful  while relaxing or driving.  I went to his concert in Philadelphia, Pa in  1994.  I especially loved the violinist.  What she does with that  instrument is amazing!
0684874350|5.0|It has been a while since I read it, but I am still haunted by the utter  poverty and lack of warmth of Court's childhood.  Even his grandparents  were mean!!  As a teacher, I was happy to see that Frank grew up to teach,  to entertain, and to be a successful writer.  Lovely revenge over all those  who were so cruel to him.  I recommend this book to everyone.
0060977493|4.0|Seldom do debut novels draw such strong reactions from readers across the  board.  But if making it on to the N.Y. Times bestseller's list is  indicative of Ms. Roy's talent, I'm looking forward to her sophmore effort.   The God Of Small Things was simply stunning. Told in an elliptical  storyline, it was poignant and hilarious at times.  With a sense of  impending doom hovering over its characters all the while. Her use of  langauge was so very visual, I was transported to Kerala.  Family rivalries  and day to day dramas were played out through the eyes of Rahel &amp;  Estha.  It's no wonder the narrative was unconventional, it was told  through the eyes of a child.  I reccommend reading this book. Although  you  may not love it the way I did, you won't be able to put it down! By the  way,  the choice of actor Sarita Choudry to read the audio version was  great casting. See her opposite Denzel Washington in &quot;Mississippi  Masala&quot;.
0694520500|5.0|Practical advice for daily living that should not scare away those who  would compare it to their religious beliefs.  The book provides a gentle  approach to beginning the opening of a closed mind.
B000001EAQ|3.0|U2's flirtations with electronica were new and exciting on Achtung Baby  and Zooropa, but the band's full-blown commitment to the genre on POP  proves that marriage can take some of the thrill out of any good  relationship.  While there are certainly a few high points on the CD  (Discotheque, Do You Feel Loved, mofo), POP leaves me a little cold.
0679722610|5.0|Hammett is the best and this is Hammett's best. In 200 pages Hammett  creates a densely packed universe of vivid characters and breathtaking  action. I've read very good 500 pages books with less characterization and  less action. A thrill from start to finish. Everyone knows Hammett was the  king of fast-paced action but the many, many, memorable characters who fill  this book make it a masterpiece. There has never been anything like  &quot;Red Harvest&quot; before or since.
B0000074LY|5.0|The cd was the Twisteds Best...Very nice and with a good rock and roll  quality
B000002UKS|3.0|I'm probably quite different from the other people who've reviewed this  album--most of whom seem to be Nirvana fans.  I bought it because I heard  &quot;Walking After You&quot; and thought it was haunting and beautiful.  (No, not very profound--but still moving both lyrically and musically).  Well, the song's not typical for the album--but still I was intrigued by  the mixture of pop (very listenable melodies) and punk/alternative.  In the  end, a bit too much screaming for me, but that's my musical taste.  This  album just misses making me a fan--but not by much.
B000005ZFN|3.0|A definite love it or hate it thing going on here.  I personally find the  lyrics amazing (5 stars) and the music (1 - 5 stars) uneven and a chore to  listen to.  The whole things comes off as self-indulgent.  For me the last  12 minutes or so are the best.  The way it ends stinks.<br />But...you must  have it to decide for YOURSELF!  It requires multiple listens.  Don't take  anyone's word on this album.
0385484518|5.0|It is very seldom that while reading a book, I get choked up and feel the  tears welling up in my eyes.  This story articulates those actions and  human qualities which everyone, as a member of humanity, inherently knows  they should outwardly show and do, but rejects because, sadly, those things  are not accepted in our present society and culture as good and decent  qualities to possess. While reading, I came to the sad acceptance that such  knowledge almost always, disappointingly, must come at the end of a life.   Morrie's wisdom and aphorisms will be near and dear to me.<br />After  finishing the book, I wished I had known Morrie Schwartz.
B000008H1R|4.0|With this album, Tull really started to take off.  Earlier albums (This  Was and Stand Up) were charmingly rougher around the edges but Benefit  really was the starting point for their excellence in the '70s.  Superior  musicianship, production values and lyrics.  Aqualung was the follow up  album in 1971.<br />Nearly all the songs on this album are first-rate.   Teacher became an FM radio standard.
1573226521|5.0|This was a recommendation on Amazon's vacation reading by topics.  Took  this book with me to Maui and I could not put it down.   It is well written  and very suspenseful.  The metamorphosis of the lead character, Richard, is  intriguing and ropes you in.  A fantastic read from a terrific writer.  I  can't wait for his next book.
B00000018N|5.0|Every kid listening to rock music today should be playing Aqualung.  It is  simply one of the best albums they'll ever hear -- combination of hard and  soft rock.  They might know the title song but what about the rest?  It'll  floor them!  It also shows how a rock band CAN play soft without sounding  sappy.
0399143904|5.0|Rainbow Six is a refreshing turn from Jack Ryan's character to Clark's  less perfect but more human personality. He ain't perfect -- hey, he kills  people for a living -- but we love him. Teamed up with Chavez, you know  they're bound to find something fun to get into.<br />All the environazi talk  is irrelevant. Clancy is one of our best modern authors and this is a well  spun tale with a great ending. Some of the details may be hard to believe  -- but it's not real is it? This would make a great movie because there are  no collosal enormous expensive scenes, other than the taking of human life,  one crook at a time. I  can't wait to see it.<br />Glad you're back, Mr. C!
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica peaked here, betwen their early era which stretched from  &quot;Kill 'em All&quot; through &quot;And Justice for All&quot;  This  album contains four of the best songs ever made, period. &quot;Enter  Sandman&quot; is one of those songs that nobody NOBODY should die without  listening to. (Yes, it's that good), The original &quot;Unforgiven&quot; is  a lyrically powerful piece that shoots down the idea that heavy metal is  mindless thrashing, &quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot; is a great song, but  unless you don't mind being leadfooted DO NOT LISTEN TO IT IN A CAR WHILE  DRIVING! Finally, &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot; is one of the more enjoyable  songs of the metal genre, and it brings on the kind of agression that  leaves you feeling like you can conquer any obstacle in your way. A very  worthwhile album, polished and well produced. Buy two copies; a CD for your  stereo, and a cassette for your car!
B000002AHM|5.0|This is quite possibly one of the three or four greatest albums ever  recorded in the history of mankind.  I'm being completely serious here.   These three guys not only play technically astounding music, but they play  it with soul.  It's absolutely incredible...required listening for the  human race.
0792151712|5.0|James Cameron's &quot;Titanic&quot; is a rare film by today's standards  for many reasons. Not least of them is that the film withstands repeated  viewing.  There's a kind of magic going on with this film, and everyone  involved has a hand in it.  Cameron's direction is both inspired and  loving.  His camera often sweeps through scenes and across characters like  a lover's hand.  The photography and visual effects are rich with warmth  and color, more like artwork than film.  The musical score is hauntingly  beautiful, and the actors are all good in their roles.  Perhaps the most  mesmerizing part of the entire film is Gloria Stuart, who's performance  provides the heartbeat beneath the iron skin of Titanic.  Anyone looking  for a real flaw in the film ... has too much time on their hands.  This  ocean liner shines.     END
0060392584|2.0|his detractors and disciples have already lost the meaning in the message.  it was well-written and served its purpose splendidly. as for the posted  reviews of the book, i quit reading anything above 3 stars; i wanted to  focus on the detractors. sadly, they were no different than the disciples,  they just thought they were. everyone knew what the focus of this book was  and reading this book would do nothing to alter a readers perception of  that focus. <br />as for my own rating: giving it fewer than 3 stars will draw  more attention than a screen full of 5 stars.
B000002LGQ|5.0|I would give this CD a 5 star. I like every selection on this CD.
B000002TQV|5.0|For once, a modern band takes advantage of mixing and varied  instrumentation.
630438551X|5.0|I have seen this movie a lot and it gets better each time. The soundtrack  is great and the special effects rock. Claire Danes looks so sexy as  Juliet. Leo is good as well, but I wish it was me kissing Claire instead of  him. The ending actually made me cry (a rarity.) I highly recommend you buy  it.     END
B000003S09|5.0|I am not a progressive rock fan. I am not even a fan of subsequent King  Crimson.  But this album transcends any attempts to pigeon-hole it. If 6  stars were possible this is where they would belong; Pete Townshend's  description -- &quot;uncanny masterpiece&quot; -- is apt. The first time I  heard this album, I remember standing transfixed, uninfluenced by chemicals  no less, and doing so even through the broken music-box sounding  experimentation of side two (vinyl), something I never would have done for  any other production.  I believe this album was far more influential than  merely birthing prog-rock; it inspired many -- directly and indirectly --  to use the techniques of modern sound to advance popular music.  For the  history books.  (Warnng: women do not enjoy this album, reasons unknown.)
0767803434|3.0|Before I'd seen this movie, I posited that Ford's character would get  dragged behind the airplane, since after all, his characters always get  dragged behind something.  It's his trademark.  Imagine my surprise when it  happens twice (although the first time isn't up to Ford's usual  &quot;getting dragged&quot; scenes).<br /> Beyond that, the plot was  unbelievable, the technical details inaccurate, the characters were two  dimensional, and the dialog didn't work.  Fortunately, it had a bunch of  really swell action scenes, as well as Gary Oldman to make it interesting.  And, there's always Harrison Ford to look at.<br /> Probably worth a rental,  and definitely good if you're not in the mood for thinking or realism.  It  also seems to be a favorite for demoing home theater systems, which gives  it some value.  END
B000002KP3|5.0|If you think you might enjoy this, you probably will be. This is fun stuff  and good, perhaps a tad too British for us Yanks, but nobody who likes rock  generally should jounrney through history without giving this one a  listening. A must for the eclectic collection warrior.
B000002N25|5.0|Excellent compilation. One of the best songs, i liked Rudiger. Great base  you can enjoy if you have a subwoofer. The pluck of the strings are really  great to hear. A must have! for your music library.
0684874350|5.0|It's ultimately thrilling to read. An insightful, moving, humorous account  of the early life of an Irish boy. It's beautifully written even in the  parts where the subject matter is not-so-beautiful.This is the type of book  you'd buy a copy for your boyfriend, your mom, your boss... but keep a copy  for yourself to read and reread.
0312954468|5.0|This is one of the best books Ive ever read. It has everything. Ill  always remember Taita, Lostris and Tanus. If you think youll get bored  because its so long you are WRONG. If it is true I dont know and dont  care. ITS GREAT!!!!
B00000AFWW|5.0|This was the first album by hole that i had bought, put i have heard other  albums by them before, and i think this one is a bit quieter.  The title  track really rocks, but dont expect to find a lot of other songs as loud as  this one.  There are many other fantastic songs on this album with great  melodies, and the song writing is excellent.  Coutney Love is a fantastic  musician and a great person, i dont care what anyone says otherwise.  i  recommend this album to anyone who likes rock music.
B000001FLI|4.0|I could listen to a whole CD of &quot;Sweet Dreams&quot; or &quot;The  Messiah Will Come Again&quot;-  gems!
B000000WF0|5.0|One of the best all-around albums I have ever heard.  The crisp sound of  the ballads makes me feel as if this is a band that really understands the  nature of what it is to be musicians.
B000002C1Z|5.0|This is a tremendous musical work from cover to cover, from the  exquisitely crafted lyrics to the deeply provocative guitar solos.  This  album is one of Pink Floyd's top three all time, with the other two being  the Wall and, arguably the best of them all, the Final Cut.
B000001Y79|2.0|Look, this CD had gotten old, i admit a couple songs were good when they  first came out, but now i hear it on the radio and i CRINGE!!!!!! if you  want you can buy this CD, but after a month, you will be sick of it.
0399143904|1.0|Clancy has lost his magic with Rainbow Six.  It just plods along with  limited thrill.  It's a long read with no climax; it just runs out of gas.   And why are there typos? Tom, go back to your roots and write more like  Hunt for Red October and Red Storm Rising.  That's where your magic is.
B000002952|5.0|i like all her music specially when she sing in spanish
B0000025YL|5.0|If your in to heavy metal, this is an album that you got to go with for  the rest of your life. If I had to go to an Island for the rest of my life,  whit only 3 CDs to follow, this would be one of them(the others would be  Masters.. (Metallica) and Back in ... (AC/DC)).<br />Now , buy this CD and  feel like 16 and agressive again.
B000002KDW|5.0|This is Rod Stewart in his prime with the Faces, one of the best rockin'  bands of all time.  This album is loaded!  From the classic 'Miss Judy's  Farm' to the raucous 'Stay With Me', this album proves that great  rock-n-roll is ageless.  My personal favorite is 'You're So Rude', a sooo  smoooth, can't sit still roller with Ron Wood (now of the Stones) out front  on vocals in one of rock's more humorous odes.
0440224764|2.0|The main character, Patrick Lanigan is very difficult to like. Unlike  Grisham's former main characters who had a valiant purpose, Lanigan  performs the opposite. Skip this one and read The Firm or The Rainmaker.
0140186395|5.0|This is definitely Steinbeck's greatest masterpiece. His characterization  is full of depth and humanity. Steinbeck's reveals a not only a way of  life, but also a moral to the living. After the first of page of the book,  I was thoroughly hooked, and at the end I felt I understood the characters  and their motivations perfectly
B00000AFWW|4.0|So maybe she's lost her rough edges. It matters not, for the mass of songs  on this disk could be smash number one hits. Corgan's songwriting  &quot;influence&quot; shines thru a little too much, but that's what makes  these songs even more enjoyable. I can really live without the  screaming/singing of the past. Just stick to these wonderful melodies,  excellent arrangements, and typical lyrics. This album IS Fleetwood Mac  after serious hardcore drug rehab. Rokon.
B0000057C5|5.0|One day I was driving to school in my car and &quot;Du Hast&quot; came on  the radio.  I was immediately hooked and when the announcer mentioned it  was from a group named Rammstein I promised myself that I would run out and  buy it the first chance I got.<br />The moment I popped it into my stereo I  fell in love with it!!  The neighbors yell at me from their homes. I wonder  what their responce would be if I asked them, &quot;Du Hast  Mich?..&quot;<br />This is definitely a must buy... WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!!
0393316041|5.0|Obviously many people have been moved by this book, as witnessed by the  number of online reviews. I have no scientific background at all, and I  agree with another reviewer who said &quot;everyone should read this  book.&quot; I have returned to this book many times since someone gave it  to me 7 years ago. In good or times or bad, this book has been an  inspiration to me. How to be yourself against the flood of conformity, how  to maintain standards, how to remain human. Unforgetable.
0316920045|5.0|After finishing Infinite Jest, and throughout reading it, I was  alternately intrigued, confused, enlightened, entertained, and tickled  silly.  I cannot think of anything I've read to match the pure depth and  breadth of Wallace's writing style.  Somewhat like Pynchon, or Gaddis, but  for me more entertaining.  Wallace's take on the nature of entertainment  and our relentless drive toward new experiences, and where that drive is  likely to take us as a society, is frightening and dead-on.  Also, his  information on the Recovery Movement, AA, and all the associated splinter  &quot;Anonymous&quot; groups is very accurate, funny, and tragic.  Everyone  should be required to read this book!!
B000002HRE|2.0|While not totally worthless, ReLoad is SEVERELY disappointing to metal  fans everywhere. Metallica sems to have lost lyrical clarity, distincitive  sound, and band identity in a rapid two-album slide. While not without its  good points (Namely &quot;Bad Seed&quot;, &quot;Devil's Dance&quot;, and  &quot;Better Than You&quot;) there's nothing on this album that sends a  shiver down your spine like &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; does, at least, not  after you've heard it a dozen times or so. If you want the best from this  band, go get their self-titled release, and mourn the passing of this era  in their history. Alas, it seems that Metallica tried to fix what was not  broken, and this was the result. Hopefully, their next release (if there  even is one) will get back what the black album had; a solid 80s rock/ 90s  Heavy Metal blend that didn't come off as trying to be trendy; just good  music. Instead of keeping the distinctive sound that they developed on  &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot; and carried through until the Black Album,  they have thrown years of music done right out the window to try something  utterly different. I suspect that their intent was to reach a crowd that  listens to alternative stations, while maintining their original fanbase.  Regardless, however, &quot;alternative metal&quot; JUST DOESN'T WORK.
0385493622|5.0|This book is a tour guide to the highlights of mathematics development  from Pythagoras onward.
B000001FE0|5.0|ONE OF THE ALL TIME BEAUTIFUL AND HAUNTING WORKS I HAVE EVER HEARD. THE  MUSIC WILL TAKE YOU ON A JOURNEY THAT WILL ALWAYS BE WITH YOU. THIS IS A  MASTERPIECE. COULD THIS REALLY BE THE BEE GEES?
B000002UJQ|5.0|I didn't want to believe the hype. I have never trusted music critics, and  I didn't pay all that much attention when Pablo Honey or The Bends came  out. But I swear to you, this album has changed my life. It has instantly  become one of my favortie albums ever. It's gut wrenchingly beautiful and  full of painful truths about modern life that few people have the guts to  acknowledge. This album will mess you up emotionally, but I swear it's  worth it. It's not for everyone, but if you're open minded, musically  adventurous and brave enough to do some seriouly DEEP thinking afterwards,  go for it. You will not be disappointed.
6304432453|5.0|My favorite film of all time, Strange Days manages to capture everything  possible in a 2-something hour movie.  It is an action movie done with  taste.  Like other James Cameron movies, this one has is a very touchy,  emotional story told in front of a backdrop of near-anarchistic streets of  Los Angeles on December 31, 1999.  The movie has a very dark -Nautral Born  Killers- feeling but I could only be saying that because of Juliete Lewis  who plays lead roles in both movies.  The bottom line is that every person  should see this movie and eveyr person will find something to like in it.  It has beautiful romantic scenes as well as violent rape scenes, it has  everything, yet it does not feel cluttered  END
B000002ULO|5.0|McCartney at his absolute finest with ballads to rival Beatles classics.
B000005JU3|4.0|It was a good compilation of Stones' hits.  It's worth the $$
630438551X|5.0|I ENJOYED WATCHING THIS RECENT RELEASE OF ROMEO AND JULIET...I AM A FAN OF  THE ORIGINAL WRITE BY SHAKESPEARE, AND OF THE 1968 VERSION THAT STARRED  LEONARD WHITTING AND OLIVIA HUSSEY. I ENJOYED THE LEONARDO DECAPRIO AND  CLAIRE DANES VERSION, BECAUSE IT GIVES YOUNGER VIEWERS THE WORDS THROUGH  THE LIPS OF MODERN DAY ACTORS...MANY STUDENTS THAT ARE IN HIGH SCHOOL, AND  REVIEWING THIS PLAY, WILL GET MORE OUT OF THIS PRODUCTION, THAN TRYING IN  VAIN TO RELATE TO ARCHAIC PRESENTATIONS OF THIS TIMELESS CLASSIC. THE  EMOTIONS DISPLAYED ON SCREEN, DO MORE TO GET THE POINT ACROSS, AND THE  SCREENPLAY ITSELF IS A WONDERFUL MIX OF OLD AND NEW....IT IS VIBRANT, AND  KEEPS AUDIENCE ATTENTION. A FABULOUS ADDITION TO YOUR VIDEO  LIBRARY.....PICK ONE UP!!!!     END
B0000069DB|4.0|The big names generally deliver on this recording, with the newcomers,  notably Laura Polverelli as Zaida, equally enjoyable.  While the action  isn't quite ideally paced at times, and Pertusi occasionally seems a bit  uninvolved, overall it is an engaging and enjoyable performance.  Bartoli's  characterization as Fiorilla is on the mark, intense, detailed, and  appropriately ditzy or tragic as the situation calls for it.  Her singing  itself is a little bit less impressive; she's more than sufficiently agile,  but the sound is sometimes small and slightly breathy.  And I think it is  about time that she publicly declares herself a soprano; her tone and range  (up to a quite wonderful shining high D or so in &quot;Caro padre&quot;)  and great facility in the high register bear little in common with most  mezzo-sopranos of whom I'm aware.  Those relatively minor points aside,  this performance is a treat.
B000001EAQ|5.0|POP is trashy and fun. POP is sincere. POP is personal. And POP is so much  more than can be explained in words. So forget the old U2.  Forget the new  U2. It's all U2 in the end. Just listen with an open mind.  Some people  won't like this cd.  Perhaps we've been conditioned to expect the familiar.  It's easy to go backward but the future is so much more exiting!  Believe  me I love the 80s!  But if you're ready for something ORIGINAL buy this cd.   If you prefer Puff Daddy repeating and repeating the same old songs don't  buy this cd. It's that simple!
B000002518|5.0|After 24 years of this soundtrack from Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid, It  still carries a punch that can only be described as 'Listening to Life.  Trust Bob.
B000001E18|5.0|This is a must have cd for any music fan! Zooropa is pure genius and  brilliant!  It's amazing! When I first bought this back in '93 I couldn't  stop listening to it! It was so different from U2 or anything else for that  matter and today in '98 it is still as fresh as ever!  If you're tired of  all the boring music nowadays with remake after remake and no originality  than this is the cd for you!
B000002NJS|4.0|Interesting and various melodies. Madonna is still standing as a great  star.
0385255853|5.0|I loved the series and was disappointed when I finished Drums because I  know it will be a long wait for the next two books.  Why stop with two  more?  Continue on as long as time travel permits.... Somehow Diana has  made time travel seem so possible.
0399143904|2.0|I fear for Tom Clancy's future as a writer.  This novel is terrible.   Three weeks on the New York Times' best selling fiction list is a tribute  to the loyal following that Clancy has developed, me included.  But, this  book squanders that asset and insults the reader.<br />The book is overly  long.  Where was the editor? The same lugubrious pontifications are  nauseatingly repeated over and over again.  I found myself skimming over  numerous paragraphs, finding them uninteresting, repetitive, and off the  point.<br />Except for the fact that I suspect Clancy is hoping for a Bruce  Willis shoot 'em up to evolve from this one ton tome, the preliminary  terrorist scenes are really off the point and a waste of plot time.  Two  paragraphs could set that stage.<br />It is also clear from this book that  Clancy has a thing about environmentalists.  One can imagine that the basic  hypothesis of this book came out of a dinner party argument that Clancy had  with some environmental activist (&quot;limousine liberal&quot;), probably  a woman who is the role model for the Presidential Science Advisor in the  book, and this is his payback.<br />After reading this book, (yes I did read  the whole book), I will think three times before I buy the next Clancy  opus.  He's come a long way (down) from &quot;Red October&quot; which is  one of the best of the genre.
0399143904|1.0|Being an avid Clancy fan, I was looking forward to this newest effort.  Liner notes sounded cool. I thought, &quot;Clancy ought to be able to put  together a killer with this plot.&quot;<br />Well, it was a killer all right.  This is by far the worst novel Mr. Clancy has written. Now, with a writer  of his caliber, this would normally mean that it was still better than most  books out there. However, in this case, it doesn't. If fact, I can't  remember a more awful novel I have read voluntarily.<br />The characters,  usually a strong point for Clancy, are complete cardboard cutouts. The plot  is inane. And the ending is anti-climatic to be generous.<br />Save the cash  and borrow the book. You may need to read it only for reference later on  when a conscious Tom Clancy writes another good book.
B0000024JN|5.0|The best of the beasties!  A must have for any true b-boys fan.  The best  tracks are &quot;She's crafty&quot; and &quot;No sleep till brooklyn.&quot;
068483605X|5.0|I first discovered this book when a friend of mine ,showed me the movie. I  then found it in the library. I do truly believe that Richard Adams is one  of the greatest authoers of all time. If one wishes to expirence pure fun  read this book.
1558908323|4.0|different... Del Torro's last film, Cronos, was a fresh take on the  vampire mythos - here he tackles an Alienish critter (a whole bunch of  them) that are inhabitating the abandonded tunnels under NYC. Sure, you  could bag on the enormous amounts of goo and grossout effects, but these  are staples in horror cinema today, and he doesn't slam them in your face,  and actually shows some visually exciting terror scenes. The basic plot  (what - you came to a horror film for a deep plot???) is that Sorvino has  entered a hybrid insect into a cockroach population that has been carrying  disease and killing off many children in New York. The insect works, and  the cockroaches die... that's that... so they think... the rest of the film  throws in a lot of hokey sci-fi-ish mumbo jumbo to explain that the insects  have somehow evolved into these huge flying monstrosities that have  developed the ability to vaguely asume the shape of a human... lots of  larva, lots of blood, lots of great effects. Oh, go watch the damn thing.  You will probably be quite surprised by it. And don't miss the great  opening titles!     END
B000002C4J|5.0|I think that this is an awesome CD I have followed Celines career and I  have every CD that she has put out the only problem is that the version of  the CD that we have now in New Zealand does not have the Song &quot;TO LOVE  YOU MORE&quot; which is very disappointing I would be desperate to try and  obtain a copy.
0451169514|5.0|Real cool.  He captivates many of teenagers problems with extreme  interesting detail, and how their problems don't stop with Pennywise, but  continue throughout the days with the torment and torture of being picked  on by an insane bully, Henry.  Excellent.  A must-read.  A sure-fire page  turner. It will get you hooked throughout the whole book.
B000002549|5.0|For those whose taste is perhaps a cut above, this album is for you.   Every title is masterfully, wonderfully performed.  Barbra's concentration  and attention to detail is wholly apparent on this masterpiece.  Of  particular note is &quot;Vocalise&quot;.  This melody by Faure is  absolutely gorgeous.  Very contemplative and able to carry you away.  I  must agree with an earlier complaint . . . the album is not long enough.   Another gem in the royal crown of Lady Babs.
B000002BYD|5.0|And they still do. Their way of doing so has changed though, my personal  opinion is that it's for the better. Their recent music (Yield &amp; No  Code) is as emotionally moving and intelligent as their &quot;old&quot;  music was raw and Pure Power. This is one of the best records out there and  will be hard to top, I doubt even Pearl Jam can. Buy it...
006092988X|5.0|This book is really touching.  But for those of you who would rather rent  the movie, your missing the point of reading and the plot.  Read this book,  you'll be sorry if you don't!
0767802659|4.0|While not the end-all of science fiction films, this movie is definitely worth watching. If ever there was a 'guy flick' aimed at the 18-to-35 crowd it was this movie. The special effects alone make this a must-see for action devotees, and there's enough of a story to carry more demanding sci-fi buffs.       The computer animation is truly incredible, raising the 'rewatchable' factor to 10 (which is the reason we buy movies rather than just rent them). And sometimes it's nice to see a movie with mostly new faces, even if they all look like they belong between the pages of Vogue and GQ. Troopers doesn't take itself quite as seriously as other sci-fi favorites, such as the Alien movies, but its occasional touch of humor adds some comic relief to what would otherwise be a total gore-fest. &quot;Would you like to know more?&quot;      Starship Troopers is not without its faults, however. As an earlier reviewer pointed out, the military tactics used are laughable. But if you can suspend the Norman Schwarzkopf in you, your inner action child will be glad our heros elected to go mano a mano with the bugs rather than nuking them from the safety of distant space as any sane military would have. (Hey, where's the fun in that?)       Any of the supposed statements the filmmakers intended to make about facism are lost between gory bug battles, silly infomercials and 'skin' scenes (yes, you do see some skin here).      When you sit down to watch Starship Troopers, you need to accept it for what it is: a hi-tech action flick that is long on special effects if not so long on plot. If you can do that--and if you're not too squeemish--you're sure to be entertained.
0425152251|5.0|I am only 14, and enjoyed this book more than any other I have read. It  gave a wonderful history of philosophy, without being too overbearing. It  got a little hard toward the end, but if you finsh the book, the journey  was well worth it! When I found out who Sophie was, it took my breath away.  I recommend this book to anyone and everyone!
B0000057C5|4.0|for fans of NIN and other industrial rock, this is a great CD. but with  the queer pictures of the band members on the liner notes, and the strange  lyrics (the translations of sehnsucht's songs on the rammstein site, esp.  spiel mit mir and kss mich  frightened me) make this band something of a  german marylyn manson.<br />great rock, and fantastically catchy beats, with a  few short phrases that you won't be able to purge from your head short of  cutting it off, this CD is worth buying.<br />just don't bother to find out  what the lyrics mean.
B000002UZ1|5.0|If you're a beginning Beatles fan,the Blue album is the album for you.It  contains some of the Beatles' best work.The album contains the best tracks  from Abbey Road,some classic songs from the White Album,and three quarters  of the fantastic Magical Mystery Tour album.The best songs on the album are  Paul's Hey Jude and Let it Be.In fact, there my most favorite Beatles  songs. All together, this is a must for any beginning Beatles fan.I'd also  reccomend getting the Red Album as well.It contains some of the Beatles'  best early years songs.<br />Tim Lewis-10 yrs.
B000000WFU|5.0|World-music flavor + orchestral construction.  Miriam Stockley's voice is  astoundingly precise and beautiful.  I hear hints of Africa, Brazil, Cuba,  American gospel and European classical.  Harmonically rich arrangements.   Beautiful.  Highly recommended, an easy 5 stars.
0679720200|2.0|Though Camus is an exceptional prose stylist he is no thinker and this is  never more clear than in The Stranger.  Walter Kaufmann has noted the  general vacuity of Camus' thought in his (Kaufmann's) prolific criticism on  existentialism.  Philip Freund, in his meticulously long essay &quot;Albert  Camus and Symbolism&quot; (in The Art of Reading the Novel) has  convincingly demonstrated the alarmingly weak structural integrity of much  of Camus' fictional work.  I recommend The Stranger as an experiment, as it  incidentally yields some intriguing insights; but I qualify this  recommendation as, architectonically (inclusive of plot execution,  coherence of symbolism, philosophical cogency) The Stranger, largely, is a  failure.
B0000062S0|5.0|This album shows that Page and Plant aren't past it in any way.  <br />I  loved this CD, playing it almost constantly, telling others how good it  was, then prising it back from their hands when I needed another fix.   <br />This doesn't particularly Led-Zep like from a music point of view,  although there is no mistaking Plant's vocal style.  The band sound tight,  and the production is good.
6304493738|4.0|This review is limited to the DVD version. The disc is not encoded with  3/2.1 sound as one would expect; instead, it is limited to 3/1 audio, with  no subwoofer signal. I can't recall whether the theatrical release had  distinct surround sounds or not and I guess I'll never know. Film: 5 stars,  Audio: 4 stars (disappointed with no rear or subwoofer information)     END
0446310786|5.0|This is a book that you will not put down for a minute. Scout's adventures  are something everyone (young and old) will enjoy.
0880389052|5.0|Drizzt Do'urden is positively the most intriguing and enthralling  character ever created.  At every turn there is a thrilling story waiting  to unfold. This is one of those books you have to read more than once to  fully understand the complexity and interlaced plots.  I highly recommend  reading the entire trilogy.  I look forward to following the later  chronicles of this enchanted character.
B000002HMH|1.0|Nothing like to forget to play music and do what the market wants.  Metallica is the best example of contradiction. I, as an old ex-fan,  remember very well the words of James saying &quot;Image is nothing for us,  what matters is music!!&quot;. Today this should be changed to &quot;Image  is everything for us, music is nothing!!&quot;. After this, I need to say  nothing about the record. Oh, there is just one music worth listening,  &quot;Bleeding Me&quot;. The rest is garbage.
0385486804|3.0|Into the Wild began as an intriguing and poignant character study.  The  bestseller started out as a compelling story of a young man who was so  scared of intimacy that he ran all the way to the barren Alaskan outback to  escape it.  The novel tells the story of Chris McCandless, a young college  graduate who destroyed all of his material possessions in order to live the  life about which his idols (Tolstoy, London, and Thoreau) had only dreamt.   At first, I was eager to read on, my curiosity consuming me.  What made  Mccandless tick?  Why did he have to run so far away?  From what was he  running?  My curiosity and anticipation were soon enough replaced by  boredom and frustration. About half way through the book, Krakauer began to  recount the sagas of other young idealistic mountaineers whose stories  seemed to parallel McCandless'.  I thought such parallels would eventually  be drawn by Krakauer and thus I kept reading chapter after chapter about  people who had no relation to McCandless.  Much to my surprise, such  parallels were never drawn, at least not enough to constitute thirty pages  of a two-hundred-page book.  Then, to make matters worse, Krakaeur went on  for another twenty or so pages about his own personal experiences on a  remote mountain in Alaska.  At this frustrating juncture, I became  completely infuriated and I lost all interest in the book.  Without  significant parallels, which would have helped to further illustrate the  psyche of McCandless, all of these tales of woe were just a waste of pages.  Throughout the novel, I had mixed feelings about McCandless.  Everybody who  met him along his journey was positively affected by him.  No on had a bad  word to say about him.  He appeared to have possessed some mysterious charm  which just drew people to him.  At first, I was interested by Chris; I  wanted to know what had made him the ascetic he became.  However, as the  book wore on, I became horrified by his behavior.  At the conclusion, I  hated McCandless for what he had done to his parents, to his sister, to his  friends, and to all of the people whose lives he had touched.  He was  eerie, irresponsible, and inconsiderate.  While I respected his idealism  and his courage to follow his dream, I could never find justifications for  his actions. When I was first assigned Into the Wild, I had my  reservations.  I did not think that I would enjoy reading a book written by  a journalist.  I prejudged the book as being factual and dull, as newspaper  articles are.  At the beginning, I was pleasantly surprised by a riveting  and intriguing character study.  At about page one hundred, my suspicions  were confirmed.  Into the Wild concluded in a painfully factual manner  (basically the last chapter was dedicated to a forensic study of potato  seeds).  You can take the journalist out of the newsroom but you can't take  the newsroom out of the journalist.  For a wonderful character study that  is easy to read, read Into the Wild, at least the first one hundred pages.   After that, the reader is in for sheer frustration and bitter  disappointment.
B000003BEM|5.0|The &quot;perfect&quot; Stones album. What track sums up the Stones career  more than &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot;?  What I enjoy on this CD is  the great songs that were not popular hits.  Nothing can dull a song more  than album rock airplay.  &quot;No Expectation&quot; is a gritty blues  track that contains more soul than anything I have heard in 15 years.
0688101364|5.0|This is the greatest cookie book ever.  Particularly useful are the  freezing and keeping instructions.  I've never made a bad cookies from this  book.  Unfortunately it is so cheaply constructed that I am forced to buy a  second copy, because I lost a vital page from my first copy.  Is this a  plot?  It's worth it anyway
B000002UWF|5.0|Louis Prima is faithfully represented in this excellent antholgy. All of  these tunes reflect his raw and energetic style. It also gives us an idea  about his act with Keely Smith, and she pleases us also with her superb  vocal style.  The hit is &quot;There'll be no next time&quot; where tenor  sax man Sam Butera duets with Prima about his woes. This CD has graced my  player many times and I love this music very much.  I even started a web  page for him! BUY THIS CD!!-Darin Tysdal
B0000062Y2|5.0|After listening to this recording several times, I'm still struck by  Webber and Rice's interpretation of Christ's story; the unexpected sypmathy  for Judas, Christ's humanity and vulnerability, and the attention given to  the politics of His story.<br />Also, to my surprise, I'll play it when I just  need a good dose of vintage rock &amp; roll...check out the bass line on  track 9 of disc 2 and the guitar work throughout.  Can't miss with this  double disc!
0060925000|2.0|After getting about 300 pages into the 1350-page hardcover edition, I  decided to abandon it. I found that I kept stalling on the various Indian  names, places and vocabulary (which was not very clearly explained when  used -- I had to figure out what an item/term meant by how the word was  used).  It was aggravating after a while.  I'm sure I barely scratched the  tip of the iceberg in appreciating this novel, but with so many other books  out there and so little time to read, I had to move on, since it was  laborious to get through even one chapter, let alone all 19 of them.
0451188470|2.0|Maybe it's only a matter of taste, but this book was one step above  Danielle Steel!  Perfect Helen with her perfect relationship with her  perfect daughter was annoying and boring, and the whole story would have  been a waste if not for the atmosphere of the bookstore and some of the  characters who both worked and shopped there.  The only likeable character  was Johnny, and of course, he falls in love with Perfect Helen, ignoring  the two nineteen year old college students he is working with! I do think,  however, that this book will make a cute movie (which is currently being  filmed in Rockport, MA starring Kate Capshaw as Helen).
0446672653|5.0|This book was the first of Brian Weiss's I'd ever read, and I must say I  stayed with it until I finished every last sentence!  The book verified  what I have long believed...that we travel from one life to another with  &quot;soulmates&quot; and ultimately make contact with those individuals in  one form or another.  How many of us have met an individual for the first  time, only to instantly connect with that person as if we'd known them  forever!  Dr. Weiss's experiences with his patients prove that love is  real, and once you find that very special person, you connect with them in  a way that even death cannot take away. The book sent chills through me as  I read experiences similar to what has occurred in my own life with one  special individual. What a thrill it must be to sit through a regression  session with Dr. Weiss!  Since reading &quot;Only Love is Real&quot;, I've  read all his other books, and eagerly await the next!
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt's account of his childhood was written in such a wonderful  style. He wasn't just telling you about his memories, he was reliving them  from his 5 year old mind. He made me want to give him a huge hug and tell  him everything was going to be okay. I don't think I have ever been so  touched by a book. I would recommend this book to complete strangers!
0385493622|5.0|This is a great book.  It reads more like a novel than one might think.   The only difference are the mathematical proofs in the appendix!  If you  like math or science, you'll love this book.
B000005H7D|5.0|Even if you have Blue Train, as most fans do, this CD is worth buying for  the pictures, audio tracks, and interviews included that give behind the  scenes info on this historic session and thoughts on the genius of John  Coltrane.  I would love to see more CD's with information like this, they  are well worth the extra $.
0679745203|5.0|It is a rare occurrence in literature when characters have as much depth  as do those created in this novel. Their emotions are like open wounds and  the reader feels guilty looking inside but cannot help it. A powerful and  moving novel.
B000000OR9|5.0|Blue Murder is one of the most unheard of GREAT bands and rock albums.   The brainchild of guitarist/singer John Sykes(Whitesnake, Thin Lizzy,  Tygers of Pan Tang)rocks with an intensity and feel that was sorely lacking  in the mid/late eighties rock scene. The album had minor MTV success with  the songs &quot;Valley of the Kings&quot; and &quot;Jelly Roll,&quot; but  lack of record company support left this album/band dead in the water after  a short time. (It's a shame considering they lost tons promoting the next  Whitsnake album which only had marginal success. Touche!) The songwriting  on this album is second to none and it changed my view of what music really  can do for the mind and soul.  I recommend this to anyone who likes melodic  hard rock. The guitar tone alone is worth buying this album for. It's like  biting into a big, fat, juicy hamburger with the juices dribbling down your  chin and all over your hands. It permeates the very essence of senses.
B000006NPY|5.0|This is a must CD for Smashing Pumpkins fans. From Ava Adore to Shame, you  will listen to this CD 24/7.
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt shows us humanity at its best and its worst in his wonderful  memoir &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot;.  The author vividly describes growing up  in Ireland during a time when the country was still adjusting to the  division of the island after the Republic received its independence--and we  see the children promising to fight for Ireland's freedom.  It shows us how  children see life--not through rose colored glasses; these children see the  good, the bad and the ugly in the lanes of Limerick.  The book pulls at  your heart-strings--making you want to rescue the youngsters; wanting to  punish their father for squandering what little they had; and wanting to  soothe the pain suffered by Angela as she tried to maintain some semblance  of normalcy within the family.  A wonderful book that runs the gamut of  emotions from desperation to ecstasy---and truly a gem!
0399143904|2.0|I own, and have read, every Clancy novel; with the exception of possibly  &quot;Patriot Games&quot;, this is his worst.  I didn't mind the length so  much, as I like to &quot;savor&quot; my Clancy novels, but there wasn't  anything in the story that gripped me and kept me up reading at nights.   The ending happened too fast and was wrapped up a little too neatly.  I  agree with other reviews who compared this novel to a comic book where the  good guys can do nothing wrong and the bad guys are all inept.  The good  guys in this book never miss their target (unless it's intentional); and  the bad guys, who are suppose to be smart enough to plot the destruction of  mankind, don't have any backup plans and can't seem to keep their mouths  shut.  It's a little far-fetched.  &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; was too much  like the Op Center books, which were awful. (I realize Clancy didn't  actually write those books, but his name is still on them.)  I look forward  to the return of Jack Ryan ... or perhaps to the creation of another major  character for Clancy to center a book around.  I will still buy the next  Clancy novel, but this book was strike two -- one more and I will spend my  money on a different author.<br />And as far as the criticisms of Clancy's  &quot;right-wing&quot; leanings, frankly, I find it refreshing to read a  conservative author.  Most other novels I read tend to portray  conservatives as evil, greedy, uncaring, people who only look out for  themselves.  Whereas, liberals are shown as caring, compassionate,  defenders of truth.  It's nice to read a Clancy novel where conservatives  aren't the villans and aren't bashed on every other page.
0880381736|4.0|This is one of the best books of the Dragonlance Saga.  It has action,  comedy (Fizban and Tass) and romance.  If you're into dragonlance, you've  got to read the Chronicles series
0671004107|5.0|CONTACT is an incredible book.  It isn't just your average sci-fi movie  with little green men. It's a more realistic story line.  Carl Sagan was a  genius.  He didn't just plain out attack religion, but was subtle and more  reasonable.  One thing that I especially enjoyed about the book was the way  he divulges into true human nature, not the first time he has done so.  the  most interesting part is the part about pi, and how the discovery of  something like that really could change the world.  I just plain loved it.
0385486804|1.0|When I read the summary of Into The Wild on the cover of the book my heart  beat a little faster and my hands began to sweat ever so slightly.  I had  the feeling I was about to dive into a fast paced, vigorously exciting  adventure.  As I began to read the book I was highly disappointed.  Not  only did my hands turn dry and my heart rate plummet, I could barely keep  my eyes open to continue reading.  The first couple of chapters managed to  keep me awake but from that point on it was a constant struggle.  I was  extremely bored by the journalistic style the book was written in.  Every  time Krakauer jumped onto a tangent about another adventurous soul or a  four page discussion about potato seeds I had the intense desire to throw  my book across the room.<br />Even though I detested the style in which this  book was written I bit my lip and suppressed my desire to inflict upon it.   I drearily trudged through the book hoping to find something exciting or at  least gain some insight about why Chris ended up starving to death in  Alaska.  I never accomplished either of these things but I did manage to  develop an intense hatred for Chris McCandless.  Throughout the story I was  continuosly amazed at how incredibly selfish he was.  This young man was  given nothing but love in his life.  His parents worked incredibly hard to  provide a good life for him.  Chris repaid them by vanishing from their  lives for two years and resurfacing only when he showed up dead in  Alaska.<br />I tried to be sympathetic about Chris's vanishing act.  I  thoughtfully considered the family secrets he had recently discovered, the  betrayl he felt.  His anger and hurt were completely justified feelings  after these events.  However the more I thought about it the harder I found  it to forgive Chris's behavior.  Not only did he shut his parents out of  his life he also left behind a sister who had never caused him pain.   Throughout Chris's voyage across the country he touched and broke many  hearts.  As soon as he felt someone getting close to that tender spot  around his heart he ran off to the shelter of the road.  Chris moved  through people's lives like a tornado with little thought about the pain he  was inflicting.<br />I believe Chris was a selfish, self-centered and  egocentric individual.  Not only did these qualities damage the people he  left behind but they lead him to his death.  Had Chris only been selfless  enough to drop his terrified parents a line before he skipped off into  Alaska they might have been able to send a search party for him.  Had he  not been so egocentric that he didn't even take a map with him into the  wilderness he would have escaped.  Chris's death was a pointless waste of a  young life, an accidental suicide.  He left behind him a wake of pain and  suffering.  The one lesson I hope people dig out of this tedious book is;  if you want to go traipsing off into the wilderness to die, PLEASE call  your parents first!!
B000003TAW|5.0|Every song is great.  I have had this CD for four years and I still listen  to it regularly.  I haven't gotten sick of it yet, and i doubt that i ever  will.  Are they ever going to come out with a new album?  I hope so!
B000001FY9|5.0|This CD is a must have for those new to Bob Marley as well as old friends.   The songs have all been remastered, so they are of far superior quality  than many on other Marley CDs.  This CD will surely become one of your  favorites immediately.
B000005ITX|5.0|seeing 7 reviews saying this is a five star album would normally  automatically make me drop a star or two just to stay away from the herd,  but there's no way to do that with this record. it sounds like no rock  record you've heard. coming after the faux-byrdsy sound of their first and  their potent yet confused hard rock/jazz/psychedelic schtick of their  second, this must have been like a door being slammed in the faces of the  fans. beautiful lush orchestration merged with angelic voices crooning some  very pessimistic lyrics about life falling apart. unbelievable. there is  one outright dud on the album, the sappy &quot;old man&quot;, but that cant  drag the five star rating away. if you dont have this, yer a nerd. if you  dont want it, just stop listening to music, yer a fool.
B000000H48|5.0|THIS is true heavy metal. King sings very well and his band is very good.
0385486804|4.0|&quot;Into the Wild&quot; is not so much about a wilderness adventure as  it is an inner quest. Chris McCandless was a college age kid who while  searching for his identity lost his life. So many of us are at an age where  we want to find the &quot;real&quot; us, to get away from it all and really  live. We want to do some good soul searching, but not to quite the extreme  that Chris took his odyssey.<br />Chris McCandless tried to take his literary  mentors to the wild, and he died living by their standards of freedom.  Steeing for himself their unattainable goals of self denial. Though his  idols never lived by their words they set their ideals into Chris' mind.  Taking moral stands from the works by Tolstoy, Thoreau, and London he ran  away from his problems with his parents and tramped around the United  States. Living off the kindness of strangers, and his charisma and talent  for making friends he made his way to the wilds of Alaska.<br />Chris was not  a stupid kid, he had a fine education, but he made some fatal mistakes. His  only companions on this journey in Alaska were the books he carried. These  books could not answer his questions when he needed help the most. From  inside the bus, his shelter, he died with his self realization that  &quot;happiness is only real when shared.&quot; It was there Chris found  himself one Augest in Alaska, it was there he found he could not escape  from the wild. At this inescapable age one does not think about the  consequences of one's actions on themselves, or on other's they know or  have influenced. We believe we are invincible, and sometimes we come to  late to the knowledge that we are only human. Bound by the incomprehensible  frailties of mankind we wander to fine our niche.<br />The style of this book  did not agree with me very well. It skipped from one place to another, and  from the author to the story too much. The quotes at the beggining of each  chapter gave great insight to the mindset of Chris and otherswho have  fallowed a similar path. Overall this book had a great story to be told,  but needed a better story teller.
B000002HRE|1.0|I love Metallica, but since the Black Album, they don`t play metal ...  it's pop !!!
B00000DATR|5.0|His most accomplished work to date! Be sure to check out TB I &amp; II if  you're not familiar with his music!!
B000002I25|5.0|At their inception, The Doors (in my opinion) played too much generic '60s  rock, as highlighted here by the inclusion of &quot;Twentieth Century  Fox,&quot; &quot;I Looked At You,&quot; and &quot;Take It As It  Comes.&quot; Plus, Jim wasn't cocky enough yet to go hogwild on the  microphone; in fact, on several of these tracks, he's tied down by  double-vocal overdubs (one of my least favorite studio effects - the singer  knows he has to sing everything the same way twice, so he's afraid to  improvise - see the first Ramones album or early '70s Bowie for further  examples), so this ain't The Doors at their hottest. It's still a very good  debut, though, featuring not only several of their best songs ever (the  rockin' &quot;Break On Through,&quot; the beautiful &quot;Crystal  Ship,&quot; and two perfect cover songs, &quot;Alabama Song&quot;&quot; and  &quot;Back Door Man&quot;), but one of the greatest and most popular rock  epics ever recorded by anybody!<br />&quot;The End?,&quot; you ask, innocent  as a baby lamb in the forest? No. &quot;The End&quot; is boring. I'm glad  you like it. Good for you. I think it's boring. It works in Apocalypse Now,  but that's about it. I'm talking about &quot;Light My Fire&quot;. The long  version. I think I've heard it sixty zillion times, but I'll never get sick  of it. It cooks! Those keyboards, that guitar solo, that steady drumbeat,  those shouts at the end....awww man. If you've never heard it, do so. It's  hypnotizing!<br />And &quot;The End&quot; is okay. Sorry I got so worked up  about it. I just think it's a little overrated. <br />Mark Prindle
B000001IQH|5.0|this is definately the best rancid cd you could buy.
0451191153|3.0|The Fountainhead started off very slow.  But as the story farthered, it  was much better.  My only problem was that it was drawn out.  Every page  could have been summed up in one sentence.
B000002BFZ|3.0|Though not great and not my favorite, but so what?  Not every album can be  Ten or Vs.  This release established that the band can go anywhere  musically and succeed and that's what's important.  I consider this album  the equivalent of Led Zeppelin's Presence; also underrated but important in  that it set the tone for In Through the Out Door.  Similarly, No Code set  the tone for Pearl Jam's successful Yield.  Like some other listeners, I  didn't like this album much at first either, but, to coin a cliche, it grew  on me and there are some real winners on this CD, which, for me, are the  glue of the album: &quot;Sometimes&quot;, a thoughtful, even philosophical  ballad and a great way to open the album; &quot;In My Tree&quot;, a song  which perhaps best demonstrates the band's ingenuity; &quot;Off He  Goes&quot;, another amazing and important ballad; and finally &quot;Red  Mosquito&quot; my favorite song on the album and one of my favorite PJ  songs of all time.  I can't understand why other listeners don't seem to be  as thrilled with this song as I am.  The other songs each have their unique  charm, though I'm still not completely sure about &quot;Around the  Bend&quot;.  &quot;Long Road&quot; would have been a much better song to  end the album with, in my opinion.
0399143904|1.0|Tom Clancy has built a reputation for impeccable research and gripping  plot lines.  &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; fails in both regards.  While I  consider &quot;Hunt for Red October&quot; to be the archetypal  &quot;technothriller&quot;, &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; reads like one of his  mass-produced &quot;Op Center&quot; books with a couple of familiar  characters.  Mr. Clancy has trouble differentiating between the strategic,  operational and the tactical levels of warfare -- and although the basic  plot lines of &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; are astute (growing threat of  terrorism; danger of biowar; ascension of the multinational corporation as  a mechanism of political power), he drops the ball by giving us shallow  characters with only a thin veneer of credibility.  I think Mr. Clancy does  his reputation a grave injustice by pawning this dime store piece of pulp  fiction in the guise of his far-better written Jack Ryan sagas.
B000002BYD|5.0|When I first heard this album, I wasn't terribly impressed with it.  With  repeated listenings, however, the album matured. Songs like &quot;Low  Light&quot; and &quot;Pilate&quot; are sort of an acquired taste; and songs  such as &quot;Faithfull&quot; and &quot;In Hiding&quot;, while sounding  fairly new, have a classic feel to them and with &quot;Brain of J&quot;  recall the Pearl Jam of old.  &quot;All Those Yesterdays&quot; is a nice  ending to a very good album.
0451452739|5.0|Such an easy, yet thought provoking, read.  The structure of the book is  wonderfully original, and some of the concepts and plot devices simply  inspirational.  Clarke and Kubrick, who were trying to counter the image of  the stereo-typical Marsian alien, knew that for the aliens to be truly  alien they would have to be incomprehensible to humans. How to describe  something that is beyond human comprehension?  Substituting the actual  presence of the alien being with the monolith was a solution borne out of  genius.  The exploration of such giant themes as man's relationship to  technology (whether it be in the form of a bone or a satellite orbiting the  earth, or a super intelligent computer), the evolutionary process, or the  human impetus towards worshipping  icons and the formation of religions, is  conducted in a remarkably unpretentious manner.  One must say that the book  is in the unfortunate position of being compared as a work of art with the  superior Stanley Kubrick movie.  The sense of mystery that the film retains  in its conclusion and the poetry of the photography and editing, raise it  to a yet higher plain.  Nevertheless, both book and film owe a great deal  to one another, and to the imagination of Arthur C. Clarke.
0425163407|4.0|I started to read &quot;Unnatural Exposure&quot; and was pleaseantly  surprised to find how quickly and easily the plot paced itself from  Dublin,Ireland back over to America linking bodies on both sides of the  Atlantic. A little bit predictable in places but the characters, especially  Ring, made up for that. A nice, neat finish, I would recommend this book to  anybody. An excellent read.
0688152023|5.0|This is a beautiful yet practical book. The exercises are very accessible  and the photographs are inspirational. This book blows away the myth that  ballet is bad for you. The exercises are simple, safe and effective. The  New York City Ballet Workout has found a permanent home in my dance bag,  it's a perfect warm-up for dancers of any age.
1563523302|5.0|I really liked a lot of the stats, and I found that I was glad I bought  the book. But I skipped the chapters (whole CHAPTERS) about how much the  people had spent on watches, and suits. That's taking a good point and  stretching it a bit far.<br />Overall, It was worth the money, but chapter 1  (which you can read online) contains a big percentage of the overall data  in the book, unless you really care about how much people spent on cars,  clothing, and watches.
0875428940|5.0|I HAVE HAD THID DECK SINCE 1991,AND HAVE INTRODUCED IT TO MANY OF MY  FRIENDS.THE CARDS ARE BEAUTIFUL. I LOVE HER PAINTINGS AS WELL.ANYONE WHO  USES TAROT CARDS MUST HAVE THIS SET.
B000002J1U|5.0|Not enough people give this album the respect it deserves.  Zep will  always be the best band ever and this is them near their best.
0553269631|5.0|The characters, themes, and style make this book awesome.
B000002JSR|2.0|Let me say this first:  I am a huge Zep fan, they are the best band ever,  but this is sooo bad, that  I wish they didn't put the name Led Zeppelin on  it.  I only recommend this album if you are a Zep fan that most own every  album, that is the only reason this even got a 2.
B000002GVO|5.0|HOTEL CALIFORNIA (1976) not only is notable as the Eagles' most mature and  consistent album, but also for the vocal tour-de-force turned in by drummer  Don Henley. With this effort the group ceased to be a machine for grinding  out compilations of would-be singles, as their previous albums had been  (with the notable exception of their cowboy-flavored second LP, 1973's  DESPERADO), and became the purveyors of some of the most accessible and  timeless rock (and ballads) of their era.  &quot;Wasted Time&quot;,  &quot;The Last Resort&quot; (both essentially solo performances), and the  title cut afforded Henley the opportunity to step into the spotlight as  never before, and he didn't fumble his chance.  Until this album he and  Glen Frey had basically split lead vocal chores, but 22 years later it is  Henley who is the one most often remembered as the band's lead singer, and  with good reason.  His singing on the above tracks as well as  &quot;Victim  of Love&quot; and &quot;Life In The Fast Lane&quot;, while versatile, is  also powerfully focused.  No question, HOTEL CALIFORNIA served notice that  Don Henley would soon be a force to be reckoned with as a solo artist. Far  from being anyone's individual vehicle, though, this was a band with  excellent musicians in it, as well - and never shown to better advantage  than on HOTEL CALIFORNIA.  Don Felder and Joe Walsh's dueling yet  complementary guitars on &quot;Try And Love Again&quot; can still bring a  tear to one's eye, and Walsh's plaintive, stately piano on &quot;Pretty  Maids All In A Row&quot; adds just the right punctuation mark to his  signature caterwauling (in contrast to the band's haunting, seemless  harmonies behind him). And Frey shouldn't be overlooked, either - his (and  the group's) perfect-to-the-note rendition of &quot;New Kid In Town&quot;  manages to wring out just the right portions of irony and wry humor. Sadly,  HOTEL CALIFORNIA was to be the Eagles' next-to-last album, and what's that  aboutall good things coming to an end?  It is, after all, fortunate that  Don Henley went on to a long and productive solo career. It's also a good  thing Hell froze over.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn's cd is powerful.  Strong beats, great vocals and empowering  lyrics!  A true woman with much on her heart and mind.
B000001GBJ|5.0|This is a beautiful CD.  I also have the book of piano music.  Right now I  am trying to locate another book for my daughter.  Every piece is a joy to  play.
B000003CKH|5.0|I first got the cd from an ex-girlfriend who thought I might like the  esoteric &lt;hey how often do I get to use That word&gt; cd.  Of course  after 'Frank Sinatra' how could I not fall in love?  Anyway as time passed  I listened to the cd far too much and it became scratched beyond  listenability.  So I came to Amazon to get a new one and thought I would  add a review.  Like someone else said I am a very Cheap m/f.  But here I am  to buy a cd I already own just so I can get a non-skipping version.  This  cd is just that good.
B000002UWF|5.0|Yeah, yeah, I know that everyone knows &quot;Jump, Jive An' Wail&quot; from the Gap commerical but it annoys me that some people think that Brian Setzer Orchestra did it first.  Prima did it first and (IMHO) better and I'm happy that he's finally getting some attention!  <br />I first heard Prima from old records I found at the library and this CD is the perfect place for a fan to start his/her collection.  Unfortunately, most of the stuff isn't written by Prima, but he does breathe a lot of life into the covers he does. <br />Most of the stuff is very danceable (I know, 'cause I *love* to swing dance!)  and the horns are fabulous, as is the wonderful voice of Keely Smith on some of the duets.  <br />There's a lot of Prima's history included in the liner notes for those interested.  Worth every penny.  :)
B000005GW2|4.0|Chet Baker is not a vocalist. Nevertheless has he delivered some very  personal interpretations of some jazzstandards on this CD. The music  featured on this recording sets a mellow atmosphere and is perfect for  laidback or candlelight listening.
B0000033TE|3.0|Even though I already own the original CD release of Brain Salad Surgery  from 1986 (which follows the original vinyl album very closely), as an  ardent fan of ELP since 1972 I decided that I would like to have this Rhino  re-issue as part of my collection. On listening I was flabbergasted to hear  that the whole sound of the album had been changed, most notably on Toccata  and Karn Evil 9. It seems as though the people responsible for the  re-mastering thought that Keith Emerson's keyboards should be brought even  more to the fore, and that Greg Lake's bass guitar and Carl Palmer's drums  were annoyances that should be subdued as much as possible. This may make  no difference to someone hearing the album for the first time, but to  someone who knows the album inside out it was a huge dissapointment. It's  very annoying when listening to an album and you are humming a bass riff  that can't be heard from the loudspeakers. So, what should have been five  stars has to be only three.
0060977493|3.0|I hail from the same place depicted in this novel -- Kerala, a southern  state in India. I think the one and only reason for the success of this  book is that it presents an environment and culture unknown to most of the  readers in English. Otherwise the novel is no different from a usual  thriller. For a  beautiful and lively depiction of this environment, this  novel is nowhere near the works in Malayalam (the language of Kerala) and  other Indian languages. The success behind the story is the language.
B000006TG7|5.0|Released in Australia in 1977, this is for sure the best album the guys  from downunder ever did! From Rhythm'n Blues ballads (Crabsody in blue - my  alltime favourite song, why was it actually left out on the international  release????) to good 'ole Rock'n'Roll classics (Whole lotta Rosie) - what a  mix. And &quot;Hell ain't a bad place to be&quot; ... Bon, we miss you  buddy!<br />The titles: *** Go down * Dog eat dog * Let there be Rock * Bad  boy Boogie * Overdose * Crabsody in blue * Hell ain't a bad place to be *  Whole lotta Rosie ***
B000000P17|4.0|This album, which is just like 'Lies' was a album put together to give the  fans a little something to keep them content.  I personally think it was a  really good album.  They gave gratitude to some of their favorite bands and  people who helped inspire the great music that Guns N' Roses created.   People bash it cause its an album of remakes, the said it was going to be.   Give it a rest, and just celebrate with them.
630398021X|3.0|In this good idea-bad film Lenny Nero(Ralph Fiennes) peddles miniture CD's  called &quot;clips&quot; in 1999 L.A. that are in fact real experiences of  human life recorded straight from the cerebral cortex and sold on the black  market.  While this film, made in 1993, greatly overestimated the projected  technology of the not-so-distant future, the plot isn't a bad one until it  becomes crowded in a forest full of sub-plots that push the film to the  brink of the epic, only to pull back at the last moment in sentimental  cheese.  Life changes for dirty little Lenny Nero when he encounters a  &quot;blackjack&quot;, or that is, a clip of somebody being murdered.  He  discoveres later that behind this murder are,(to mention just a few  subplots) a massive LAPD conspiracy to cover a murder of a black man, an  endangerment to his relationship with old flame, Faith(Juliette Lewis), a  price on his head as well as everybody else in the &quot;clip&quot;  business, and just ever so possibly the hint of an apocalypse.  Wow!  Add  to this the help of friend/bullet proof limosine driver/weaponeer/martial  arts expert Angela Basset, cunning hood Tom Sizemore and a host of GEN X  trash that permeate the film and what you have at the end is an entirely  too long web of subplots that that leave us asking questions instead of  rejoicing in the movies unexpected, not to mention incoherent, end.  On the bright side the movie is well filmed, and well acted by its  enormously talented cast.  Yet as a supposed action movie the film doesn't  pump up the adrenaline, nor do love scenes between Fiennes and Lewis pump  up the passion.  The entire relationship betwen the two is, in fact, not  necessary in the making of the film, as Fiennes relationships to Basset and  Sizemore are much better performed and developed in the script.  In  all, &quot;Strange Days&quot; is noteworthy becauase of its ambitious plot  and theme, had either of them been adequately achieved.  It is no bomb, and  does have the allure of cult film, but overall falls short like many of its  competitors in this modern age of science-fiction filmmaking.  ENDomb, and  does have the allure of cult film, but overall falls short like many of its  competitors in this modern age of science-fiction filmmaking.     END
B0000041Q3|5.0|I have owned the two-cassette version of this recording for some years and  it is without a doubt the most impressive recording I have ever heard of  Turandot.  Pavarotti is marvellous in this role, it was written for him!   Naturally, Sutherland is also wonderful in her role as Princess Turandot  and Liu is performed to perfection by Caballe.  I was privileged to see a  performance of Turandot by  The Australian Opera (at The Opera House,  Sydney) in 1995, the star of the show was Amanda Thane as Liu, I thought  the curtain calls for her would never stop.  Looking forward to receiving  my CD copy of this recording.  If you love Puccini, don't miss this  one!!!!!
6304595247|2.0|I looked forward to this film with enormous anticipation after seeing its  two lead actors, Juliette Binoche and Ralph Fiennes, deliver stunningly  good performances in &quot;The English Patient.&quot;  Yet &quot;Wuthering  Heights&quot; falls very short of that later film, largely due to the  difficulty in understanding Heathcliff's(Fiennes) motivations and  behavior(despite the obvious talent of the great actor), and the clear  miscasting of the gifted but hopelessly French Binoche in an unmistakeably  English movie.      Visually the movie is spectacular, filmed entirely on  location in Yorkshire, but the set alone has great difficulty in rescuing a  slow moving film with far too many scenes, and a missing sense of purpose  after Binoche's title character dies.        The film is not a bad rent  when there's nothing else at the store, but unless your determined to own  the classics on film, or are a die hard Ralph Fiennes aficionado,(which  I'll confess, I am) this is no classic that should be deserving of your  purchase.     END
B000002UB6|5.0|I hated it as a youngster cuz it was so country-western. Now I love it cuz  it's so raw. Like a good hamburger. Sounds more like The Band than the  Beatles, but The Band were never anywhere near this good. It's got Billy  Preston playing lots of piano on it, and it's a real rhythm-and-bluesy  70's-sounding album (much of it recorded live!). Even though The Beatles  themselves claim to not like this album, I think it's great - for once, it  sounds like they didn't re-record every song until it was just right (and  of course, they didn't; Phil Spector just picked out the stuff he liked  best, and added stupid strings and choruses as he saw fit for no good  reason). Instead, it's a really cool dichotomy between overproduced slick  anthems (&quot;Across The Universe,&quot; &quot;Let It Be,&quot; and  &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot;) and incomplete little himmy-jimmies  (most of the rest of the album, especially the uproarious &quot;Dig  It&quot; and &quot;Maggie Mae&quot;).  This stuff was originally recorded  for a movie, see. Bright old Paul thought it would be a good idea to film a  Beatles album session for a movie because it would force them to all work  together as a band again, instead of doing everything alone like on the  White Album. Welllll, apparently all they did was fight, and this album is  the result of that fighting. <br />FINE WITH ME! I wish every fighting band  could record an album this good! This is probably the least liked album in  the Beatles catalog, but I don't subscribe to that point of view. It'd be  such an ignorant thing to do if the Russians love The Beatles too. How can  I save my little boy from Oppenheimer's deadly toy? There's not even an  ounce of psychedelia on Let It Be, but it's not a return to their early  guitar sound either. It's something new. Something scuzzy and raw and  long-haired and pot-smoking and dirty - again, more like The Band than The  Beatles, except that I really don't like The Band at all. There's beautyhere. Good songwriting, too! Come on, buy it. <br />Buy it!  9/10 Mark Prindle
0767803434|1.0|&quot;Air Force One&quot; is a throwback to the old airline disater films  of &quot;Airport&quot; and their subsequent farces, but when the credits  start rolling this film is more reminiscent of &quot;Airplane!&quot;  As  ridiculous as the aforementioned, this film is the greatest blot on  Harrison Ford's career ever, with the exception possibly of  &quot;Sabrina.&quot;  In comparsion to &quot;Airplane!&quot; the only two  things missing from this epic farce are the two jive-speaking black guys.       President Jim Marshall(Ford) is returning from a successful diplomatic  visit to Russia when all of a sudden his plane is inexplicably taken over  by Kazak terrorists.  They are assisted by a secret service agent,(whose  involvement is never explained at all!) and led by the ever so slithering  rogue Gary Oldman.  Oldman delivers the film's best performance but it is  to no avail in this &quot;lots of action-big stars-who needs a script or a  believable plot!&quot; cinematic blunder. Oldman pops off aide after aide  in desperate attempt to get Ford to release a fellow Kazak held prisoner in  Moscow.  This President shows his moves by beating up terrorists,  skillfully commuticating with Politically Correct Co-Star and  Vice-President Glenn Close in Washington, not to mention remorselessly  sacrificing his staff members to Oldman's execution squad before finally  giving in when the gun is pointed at the first family.        In the  movie's only good scene, Jurgen Prochnow cameos as the detained General  Radik, and is heroically led out of Lubianka prison in Moscow to the  strains of &quot;L'Internationalle.&quot; Of course, this scene is  interrupted and we're back to &quot;Chuck Norris: President&quot; in a  poorly choregraphed fight scene that ends with one of Hollywood's all time  worst cliches.        Don't rent it, don't buy it, and when the day comes  that Harrison Ford unfortunately meets his maker, please forget he ever  disgraced himself in this quick-buck, mindless holocaust.     END
B000002UKS|5.0|An excellent album with songs you really get attached too.  My favorite is  February Stars with Everlong a close second.
0345350499|5.0|I was looking through these reviews, being enraged and agreeing by turns,  and I saw a review that described it as &quot;anti-feminist&quot;.  Now,  after all the propaganda about it's being &quot;too feminist&quot;, this  was a refreshing point of view, although incredibly opositional to mine.   &quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; ties for my favorite book with &quot;Gone  With the Wind&quot;, and I have read it 6 times, maybe more. I'm twelve  years old, and people say I'm &quot;very mature&quot;(I have read what the  AP seniors in the highschool across the street from me have not read) so I  wouldn't recommend this book for my age group, but for anyone who likes  MZB, fantasy, Avalon, Camelot, King Arthur, Gwenyfar(let go of your little  fantasies.  I hated her.)Morgaine(Morgan leFay), Goddess worship, the  Celtic religon, I could go on and on.  READ IT&lt; YOU NINCOOMPOOPS!
B000002LQQ|5.0|Funny how people get this cd, my friend found it on the ground and gave it  to me.<br />This is indeed a transition from Dire Straits to MK's solo career.   I give Golden Heart the nod, and there's a definite blues theme here that  is more a Brothers carry-over than an MK solo aspect, but this cd has  several excellent tracks.  If you enjoy it, you just HAVE to listen to On  The Night.  That cd has all but one of my favorites from this and much  more.  To oversimplify dramatically, this cd is &quot;spookier&quot; than  any 'Straits before, even Love Over Gold and Brothers.  Some of it, on the  other hand, is very playful and lighthearted.  My personal advice is to  quit reading reviews and get your hands on all the Dire Straist and MK you  can find.
B000002NJS|5.0|I never really liked Madonna until I heard this album. I saw the video and  than I really wanted it. I finally got it last weekend, and I have made a  tape of it for my walkman. If you never really liked Madonna than you need  to get this one! my favorite singles on this one is &quot;Frozen&quot;,  &quot;Ray Of Light&quot;, and Little Star&quot; all together this album is  worth paying 14 to 15 dollers!
0385484518|5.0|The author allows the experience of his listening to bring us the wisdom  of his professor. I, like other reviewers, found new levels of  understanding in my own mourning as I reflected deeply on the recent death  of my father. I read this book in one reading, remembered well the 'white  whiskers' growing on the chin of someone so near death, cried deeply, and  stepped into new understandings.
B000002WPI|5.0|The Wu revolutionizes and reinvigorates hip hop music with this release.  The world hears the gritty raps and beats of Shaolin's finest street  griots.
B000002IKR|5.0|The recording quality is really poor, but this CD has very good songs  indeed.
B00000163G|5.0|This album is a testament to one of the most controversial, thought  provoking artist of the 90's. Pac takes us through so many emotions on this  album. From the seductive &quot;How do you want it&quot; to the  introspective &quot; I ain't mad at ya&quot; to the personal &quot;Heaven  Aint Hard to Find&quot;, Pac touches it all. Pac, we miss you! The game  done changed since you left us.
B000000QFV|3.0|Many Black Sabbath`s fans hate this album, but I can tell you that it is  fairly good, even better than Technical Ecstasy and Never Say die ...
0964385619|5.0|It has been many a year since I have read a book cover to cover in one  sitting but this book had me captured from start to finish.  All the way  through he was describing how many of us dig a hole it will take us 30  years to climb out of, unless we start to change the way we think about  money NOW.  This book is a real wake up call, and I urge everyone to read  and apply Robert's wisdom.
B000005RFQ|5.0|One of the best Black Sabbath`s albums(B.S. has MANY wonderful albuns).  The songs are very good, especially Disturbing the Priest, Digital Bitch  and Zero the Hero.
0802713319|3.0|Pierre de Fermat was a state official in seventeenth century France.  Forbidden from fraternizing with the locals (whom he might meet in the  course of business) he resorted to a solitary hobby -- mathematics. His  talent was prodigious, but he was notorious for leaving only sketches of  the proofs of his conjectures for others to complete. Over the centuries,  all his conjectures were proved correct by others -- except one, that  defied all attempts to crack it. Musing on equations in a tome on  arithmetic by classical mathematician Diophantus, Fermat looked at the  equation x^n + y^n = z^n, and conjectured that there would be no  whole-number solutions for x, y or z where n is any whole number greater  than 2. He hinted that he had found a proof -- but never delivered. So  simply stated, yet so hard to crack, the problem tantalized generations of  mathematicians and would-be-mathematicians. Simon Singh tells the story of  how a British-born mathematician working in the US, Andrew Wiles, worked in  secret for 7 years, throwing every 20th-century technique at Fermat's  puzzle, and eventually solving it. But did he? An error was found in his  huge proof, hundreds of pages long, that took &quot;a year of hell&quot; to  solve. Writing engagingly about maths is very hard, but Singh cuts through  the technicalities to deliver a page-turner worthy of every airport lounge.  I cried real tears at the part where Wiles descends from his attic den to  announce to his (presumably long-suffering) wife that he had solved the  350-year-old riddle. I did have one or two puzzles of my own: first, I  think Singh skates a little too much over certain mathematical  technicalities that it would have done no harm to delve into a little, such  as the critical field of modular forms. Ian Stewart does not shy from these  in his (admittedly terser) 'From here To Infinity'. Second, the puzzle  still lingers -- Wiles solved the problem with modern maths that would have  been unavailable to Fermat. So did Fermat really have a proof in mind -- or  didn't he?
B000006ZL4|4.0|Really good traditional heavy metal with touches of classical music. The  first songs(especially the 3 first) are better than the others...
B000001OAA|5.0|Their first album is better than thier second one.
0451191153|4.0|The story behind Ayn Rand's &quot;objectivism&quot; is wonderful.  I was  absorbed throughout by the characters.  However, the right-wing underlying  philosophy can grate at times, and the end is a bit on the strange side for  me.  Read it for the story and try to ignore the Limbaugh-style rantings  and ravings that plague it.
0684800713|5.0|The depiction of the expatriate lifestyle during the early part of this  century is at once beautiful and haunting.  Absolutely brilliant.
0451193881|3.0|I know I must be one of the few, but I really did enjoy the Kubrick film  over the King novel.  It is very possible that this has to do with the fact  that I saw the movie first, but that's not all.  I wasn't able to get as  firm a grip on the characters in the book as I did in the movie.  Overall,  it's good but not nearly as satisfying.
0140186409|5.0|Here is a book about a family living in the most desperate of conditions.  In fact, as the book proceeds, you come to realise that not only has this  family lost its land - its home and livelihood for generations - but that  they are also in danger of losing their lives, to of all things,  starvation.<br />Today, with our Western economies booming, low unemployment,  improving standards of living, most of us desperate to lose weight rather  than gain it, it's easy to take for granted the simple things in life: a  roof over your head, enough food to eat, running hot and cold water, the  respect and friendship of your fellow countrymen, the health of yourself  and your family.<br />What most impressed me about this 58-year-old book is  that it made me understand something of what it must have been like for  those people that made the terribly hard journey to California. I  understood their dreams of finding a new home, new friends, new jobs, new  life. I understood their fears as news started to filter through that  things might not be so wonderful in the new world after all, that the  future was increasingly uncertain. I understood their desperation as their  loved ones began to leave or die, and their hunger began to grow.<br />As the  book proceeded, I grew to feel that these characters - Tom, the Preacher,  Ma, Pa, Rose of Sharon, Winfield, etc. were real people, people I wanted to  overcome the terrible treatment they received, to succeed, to survive.<br />It shocked me that such horrors could have occurred just 60 years ago in  the wealthiest country on the planet. Surely, if it can happen in America,  it can happen anywhere. We know that many people in Africa and Asia still  live in such squalor. Perhaps similar deprevations are now being inflicted  upon the Russian people.<br />Solzhenitsyn's &quot;A day in the life of Ivan  Denisovich&quot; gives a moving account of a man living for his next meal  in a prison camp. However, it is all the more shocking when you see a whole  family living (or dying) this way.<br />The ending of &quot;The Grapes of  Wrath&quot; provides a shocking image, even by today's cynical and graphic  standards. Even now, over a month since I finished reading the book, I  cannot shake this image from my head. Perhaps that is the best tribute I  can pay it: even after all these years, it's a book that still has the  power to shock.en you see a whole  family living (or dying) this way.<br />The ending of &quot;The Grapes of  Wrath&quot; provides a shocking image, even by today's cynical and graphic  standards. Even now, over a month since I finished reading the book, I  cannot shake this image from my head. Perhaps that is the best tribute I  can pay it: even after all these years, it's a book that still has the  power to shock.
B000002BVN|5.0|I don't know what anyone else thinks, because I don't know any other MJJ  fans. But I think this album is great. I love every single new song and the  remixes are very danceable. In my opinion MJJ keeps getting better as the  years go by. The words are inspiring to me, like he's speaking to me. Maybe  that's what an MJ fan has to be. If more people would listen, I think more  people would stop criticizing and realize the man is genius. He's the best,  he's the king.
0393312836|5.0|This book was amazing!  It goes well with the movie, in fact I followed  the book BETTER than the movie.  A modern-day masterpiece, you can catch  the dark humor in this book while at the same time its appalling, what Alex  and his Droogs do.  But I cheered them on just the same.  The character of  Alex comes to life in Anthony Burgess' A Clockwork Orange!  VIDDY WELL, oh  my brothers!  :)
B00000AFWW|5.0|In my mind Live Through This and Radiohead's OK Computer are the best cds  of the decade.  Celebrity Skin gives both a run for the money.  Cool, deep,  fun, hard, reflective.  The lyrics are far and away stronger than Live  Through This;  the music is a real detour like the GoGos on acid.  AND THAT  IS A COMPLIMENT...  To my mind the best tracks are Celebrity Skin, Reasons  To Be Beautiful, and Boys On The Radio.  A definite buy.
0425156842|1.0|Sophie's World is a philosophy text book with a small unrelated and poorly  written story thrown in between sections. A horrible book.
0140177396|3.0|I watched the movie first, starring John Malkovich and Gary Sinise and was  so captivated by the touching story that I just couldn't get it out of my  mind till I can buy a copy of the book and read it for myself. But boy, was  I disappointed!! Although the movie followed the novel very closely, I was  expecting more from the novel. The story was great but I really feel that  the characterization of George and Lennie could be more developed in the  novel.
0151001820|4.0|I enjoyed the book very much, however, the ending was anti-climatic, a  real let-down.  This author could have done a better job.  I am now reading  the Flanders Panel, which also gets off to a good start, but the middle  seems to slow down a fair bit. Hopefully, it will have a better finish
B00000AFHM|5.0|Very impressive array of styles and sounds on this album.  A little  different in mood, but equally breathtaking in charm and ability as their  previous releases.  What a wonderful find, Belle &amp; Sebastian are.
0399143904|4.0|I really loved this book.  I stopped reading many of Clancy's works,  because he often beats around the bush for four hundred pages or so, then  finally gets the action rolling.  Rainbow Six is quite different.  As the  main plot (admittedly a slightly over-zealous characterization of  environmentalists) slowly unfolds, Clancy does a nice job of entertaining  you with the some of the preliminary outings of the elite anti-terrorism  outfit for whom the book is named.  The good guys are good, the bad guys  are bad, and the movie is doubtlessly already in the works.....not the  greatest novel ever writtem but certainly one of the more entertaining in  my recent memory.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This album has definitely set the path for all the  &quot;mis-educated&quot; rap/hip-hop artistes to follow.  This is so  refreshing compared to the &quot;all about the benjamin/gang-banging/women  dissing&quot; stuff that saturates the genre today. I waited for this album  with bated breath and I have not been disappointed. She has created  infectious rythmns and oh so beautiful harmonies that polish the hard beats  in just the right way.  I am sure that  the best is still yet to come from  Lauryn Hill, and I will be here when it does.
0792151712|3.0|I'll give credit where credit is due, the visuals are outstanding.  However, the dialogue, the plot, and the hackneyed Romeo &amp; Juliet  styled romance really dragged this film down, ( I'd like to know what  percentage of people who &quot;love&quot; this film are teen-age  girls).<br />This is only my opinion but I think this would have made a great  &quot;Day in the Life&quot;, or &quot;docu-drama&quot; film, with portions  of the film devoted to the various types of persons who were aboard the  ship.<br />I just think this is the perfect example of a movie  where the  distributor is more concerned with making a quick buck, than generating a  film that could really stand the test of time.     END
0375703241|2.0|Before I begin, I would like to state that I am (or was) a Tom Clancy fan.  I loved his early books (Red Storm Rising, Hunt for Red October) and I have  a copy of all of his published non-fiction works (Marine, Airborne,  Armoured Warfare, Airwing, and Submarine). I also happen to be an veteran  Ranger NCO and have a pretty good understanding of the technical details  Clancy writes about.<br />This book comes across like a poorly-scripted  made-for-TV movie (like the abysmal Ops Center). As a Ranger, its nice to  have folks glorifying us as good guys, but does everything have to  black-and-white? The good guys are incredibly good, and the bad guys  incredibly evil (and stupid, i might add). In addition, the unbelievable  plot stretches realism a little thin and does nothing for the book.<br />If  terrorists were really that dumb and make so many critical errors, we  wouldn't need spec ops units to deal with them. We would just spank them  and send them to bed without supper.<br />Counter terrorism is a high-risk  business and casualties are to be expected when engaging heavily armed and  fanatical people, regardless of how well a unit is trained. For a unit to  be so unbelievably lucky (as depicted in the book), all of the time sends  the plot into comic-book territory.
B000000HSU|2.0|Acknowledging Bad Brains as the fountainhead of hardcore is simple.  Deciding which albums of theirs made them who they are is quite another.  This is one to let pass by.  All the songs are there but the production is  horrible (Rick O'Caisek from the Cars???).  Go but The Youth Are Getting  Restless or their self titled debut, but save your money on this one.
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam finally returns to harder rock.  This album is much different  than NO CODE which was much more mellow.  Yield is a return to Pearl Jam  roots like Jeremy but is a grown up fuller sounding album.  It truly rocks  and rages and was definately long awaited.
0399143904|1.0|I really wanted to like the book.  At first it held some promise but  lacking the necessary research and understanding of even the basics like;  what a vegan is or what a vegan eats among hundreds of other improbable  components made it impossible to reach any rational ending.  The length was  partially a result of poor writing, poor continuity and redundancy.   Characters deteriorated in believable personality and events had obvious  plausable alternatives that made the course taken by the plot naive.   Terrible wasted effort.
B0000025L8|5.0|The music and production were years ahead of its time, and it still plays  today. Something for everybody on it.
0449002632|3.0|I realized how truly long London was when I came upon the advertisement at  the end of the book.  Sitting two pages after the end it offered this book  on tape and the abridged version clocked in at six hours!      Now long is  a relative word - to me a John Jakes or Herman Wouk book is a blink, an  Ernest Hemingway or Gore Vidal novel a lifetime.  I'd measure London as a  decade.      In what I consider good historical fiction, one that follows a  family or group of people through a given period of time, you make a  connection with the participants in the book.  I consider books like North  and South, Winds of War, Texas and the Immigrant series to set the  standard.  In these books you get a feel for the period and, most  importantly, the people.  You develop, in a small but definite way, a  relationship and care what happens to them.  In reading London I was in a  fog by the eighteenth century.  I didn't feel one way or the other about  any of the characters and their families.  Did they live happily ever  after, go bankrupt, get kidnapped, die an untimely death?  Who cared?       Referals to the geneology chart didn't help much as the main characters  changed their names, crossed family lines and skipped generations.       While London is published as one book I found myself reading a number of  books, each one the length of a chapter.  Because of the time span of the  novel, over 2000 years, there were lapses of hundreds of years between some  chapters.  When you finished one chapter and began the next you were really  setting out on a new book - different people in a different time period  with, other than their webbed feet and thatch of white hair, often little  in common.  I will give Mr. Rutherford his due however; the most  interesting chapters were those that had all the elements of an outstanding  book: good opening, character development, interesting plot and some  amazing endings.      When I took the 'new chapter, new approach' towards  London I foundthe reading a lot easier.  I really gave up on trying to tie  the families and generations together; it really proved fruitless and  didn't matter anyway.  While I retained a general notion of who begat whom,  as a rule, I just read each chapter as a singular event.      Some of the  chapters I found fascinating.  The medieval, Tudor and Puritan periods were  good stories in themselves, the late 19th and 20th century read like filler  to get to the conclusion and from 1900 to the present was barely addressed.       I would recommend London to someone who was looking, as I was, to  learn about the history of this interesting city.  After reading it I am a  lot more knowledgable about London and that is something you always hope to  take from a book.  As an interesting historical novel, the kind that gets  you involved, makes you care and leaves you wanting more, the book, like a  archer's weak arrow, falls well short of the target.
B0000028UK|5.0|This album doesn't miss a note or a beat.  It's as good as Ten, arguably  better; and hasn't had it's hits as ruthlessly burned out by radio airplay.   Each song exhibits Pearl Jam's signature style, yet each is distinct.  And  every song is solid.  \\"Glorified G\\" takes a fierce stance against gun  possession while \\"Blood\\" deals with the topic of drug abuse.  And \\"Rats\\"  (which makes a cool tribute to Michael Jackson's \\"Ben\\") is a sort of  forerunner to Yield's great tune \\"Do the Evolution\\". Both take jabs at the  human race, pulling no punches and making no apologies.  Besides that,  they're just great songs; hardly filler material. <br />  Vs is at times  rocking, reflective, exultant and despondent, sometimes all at once, yet  maintains a consistent tone throughout; a solid, awesome effort.
0446605409|2.0|The detective and narrator of this story is a 40-something NYPD cop  recuperating from gunshot wounds on the end of Long Island. He is asked to  assist when a couple he knows--scientists at a gov't disease lab--are  murdered.   His monologue, internal and external, addresses women and  authority figures with a smug contempt that is transparent cover for deep  uncertainty and longing. This vulnerability, Demille's evocation of the  landscape and society of Long Island, as well as the developing mystery,  seem ripe with promise of suspense and irony.    The reader plows on  through this quite long (almost 600 pgs in paperback) book expecting that  any moment some twist of plot will shake this overgrown adolescent's  self-confidence, that some encounter will teach him a little respect for  humanity, that finally he'll stop swilling beer and grow up!   Forlorn  hope. The story-line takes exactly one turn right at the midway  mark--really just a slight jog to re-center the motive for murder--then  charges on and on, undeviating, as the bodies pile up and the thriller  climax climaxes. No one changes. Every bad guy is bad from the moment we  meet him until the hero lays him low. The women are merely marking time  until they give way to their insuppressible lust for the detective. And he  emerges from the action with every prejudice intact, older but no wiser. A  reader, however, would be wiser to skip the process altogether.
0688101364|5.0|This collection of cookie recipes is one I return to again and again  throughout the year.  Not only has every execution of each recipe achieved  perfection, but each one is presented with absolute clarity.  In  particular, I appreciate that the ingredient measures are also given in  weights (ounces and grams), a system I prefer in baking where measurements  are critical. The only complaint I have is with Willaim Morrow, the  publisher.  The book is shoddily constructed and sections fall out  easily...my edition is in about twelve pieces.  A book as good as this one  deserves better binding.
B000002LAB|4.0|Miles Davis career spans a huge array of jazz music, and his creativity  continued to inspire new avenues  of exploration. This album is an example  of Miles'  never ending search for new ideas and sounds. It  brings  together jazz tonality with rock/pop rhythms  in an upbeat mixture. Great  background music for activity around the house!
B000008H1R|5.0|Ian Anderson at his best (again) the english influence sends this album  high up on the  polished rock scale. Your head will flip side to side as  you trip down the song list in this  high quality lyrical/instrumental  masterpiece.
0790729342|5.0|That's right.  Mythic.  Mad Max is a hero of mythic proportion,  the film  and the character are very symbolic.  It's exciting,  evocative and the  ending twist has never failed to make me sit back with a knowing smile.  I  also enjoyed its sequel,  Mad Max III: beyond Thunderdome quite a bit,  but  never cared for the original apart from seeing where Max originated.  Not  to be missed,  a real SF film classic.     END
6303168507|5.0|&quot;Schindler's List&quot; is a movie so epic and far reaching in its  impact that one stops watching it and says, &quot;...so that's why film was  invented.&quot;  Steven Spielberg takes us back to the haunting horror of  war-torn Poland and its condemned Jewry during WWII in a film so impeccably  well filmed and performed there need not be any kind of &quot;suspension of  disbelief&quot; on the part of the viewer.  Liam Neeson delivers the  performance of his life starring as Oskar Schindler, a true person who  takes pity on the imprisoned Jews and helps over 1,100 to safety.  He does  this against the will of supervillian Amon Goeth, masterfully played by  Ralph Fiennes in what in my opinion is the finest theatrical presentation  ever captured on film.  The film is primarily historical but beautifully  touches at the theme of the survival and triumph of the human spirit.   Truly, the only disappointment about &quot;Schindler's List&quot; is that  not enough films such as this grace our lives.     END
0465068359|4.0|A passionate book, well presented and well written, the text nonetheless  reverberates with what I interpret as the author's underlying outrage not  so much that the rape of Nanking occurred -- that goes without saying --  but that events subsequent to WWII resulted in effectively hiding the  atrocity from the public view.  The discussion of the information available  about the rape of Nanking and how political considerations militated  against full public acknowledgment of the horrific event was for me the  most involving portion of the book.
0790729601|1.0|Arnold Schwartzenegger, the actor who just can't figure out that the age  of super-action thrillesr characteristic of the era of his favorite  President Ronald Reagan are no longer in vogue, disastrously attempts again  to dazzle us with the mindless flop, &quot;Eraser.&quot;  In this film  Arnie plays a member of the ultra-secret Witness Protection Program, and  just can't figure out why his witnesses keep getting bumped off before they  can testify.  He later finds out that the evil  James&quot; Have You Seen  My Career?&quot; Caan is behind it all, and what's more, he's out to kill  both him and ornamentation co-star Vanessa Williams.  The movie soon  becomes &quot;Death by Cliches&quot; and an embarrising high-tech action  contest, ultimately culminating in the viewer falling asleep and waking up  towards the end, seeing the movie still on, and saying, &quot;...is this  film STILL going?&quot;     END
B000002518|5.0|Okay, so the movie wasn't an emmy-winner, but this  CD is definitely worth  listening to.  Besides the extremely popular &quot;Knockin' On Heaven's  Door,&quot; there are three different versions of Billy, which  has perhaps  some of the most clever rhymes ever to emanate from human vocal chords.   However, the real beauty on this recording is the instrumentation.  Dylan  goes well beyond his harmonica and acoustic guitar with which most  listeners are familiar.  There are flutes, recorders, fiddles, and several  different guitar configurations that make this recording a sound for sore  ears.  This is a sound Dylan never had at any other time in his prolific  career, and you must hear it to understand.
B000002HHB|5.0|I'm listening to this Album as I write.  Th best songs on this tape are  really hard to single out because I love them all but especially Wonder and   San Andraese Fault.  She has I voice I love and can never get tierd of.
B00000255X|5.0|There are many reasons why this is among my favorite Dylan album (which is  quite a feat, since I have over 50 Dylan CDs).  When you pop this CD in and  press play, you are greeted by a soft-strumming guitar.  This quickly turns  into a driving rock song with an ethereal violin part.  Welcome to  &quot;Hurricane,&quot; a favorite to frat-boys and retro hippies alike.   Dylan's story-telling is at its absolute peak from this point of the album  on.  After the popular &quot;Hurricane,&quot; you are greeted with another  story-song called &quot;Isis.&quot;  Scarlet Rivera's enchanting violin is  present again, and the story vocals are delivered by Dylan's distinctive  and edgy voice.  The next song, &quot;Mozambique,&quot; is the first  exposure of EmmyLou Harris, who does a wonderful job with the background  vocals.  &quot;Mozambique&quot; transports the listener to a tropical  paradise where the mood is romance.  The next two songs, which were  frequently sung in the late 70's at Dylan's concerts, are &quot;One More  Cup of Coffee&quot; and &quot;Oh, Sister.&quot;  The violin is very  prominent on &quot;Coffee,&quot; and Dylan and Harris harmonize well in  their duet on &quot;Oh Sister.&quot;  Next is the epic song  &quot;Joey.&quot;  This is another (long) story song, and has been regarded  as Dylan's worst song.  I tend to disagree.  The story is told very well,  and Dylan's excellent vocals are again complimented well with EmmyLou  Harris.  There is some controvesy about the song since it glorifies the  life and death of a former mobster, but it is enough to sit back and admire  the musical materpiece unfolding around you.  Dylan sang this song with the  Grateful Dead in the late '80's.  &quot;Romance in Durango&quot; keeps the  story-telling vein going.  Again, you are transported to a paradise and you  are searching for romance.  The song blends into &quot;Black Diamond  Bay&quot; which is almost a throwback to Dylan's trippy songs of late 1965  and 1966.  Phrases such as &quot;a horse-drawn taxi waited at the  curb&quot; and &quot;the Greek walked in in his bare feet with a rope  around his neck&quot; give this story song a creepy, cool feeling.   Finally, the album closes with &quot;Sara&quot; a tribute to Dylan's former  wife.  Instead of being cryptic, as with his early love songs, Dylan says  exactly what he feels in this song.  As a result, this is easily one of his  most poignant love songs.   The material from this album was used on  Dylan's mid 70's Rolling Thunder Revue, which is considered by many as the  greatest concert tour of all time.  It also forms the basis of the highly  underrated movie &quot;Renaldo and Clara&quot; which Dylan directed and  starred in.  Clearly, this album is some of the best work of a creative  genius, and it is one you should definitely own.
0140195076|5.0|This book is very good for beginners like me and is very much sufficent to  grasp the fundamentals of vedic astrology. I found it to be well researched  with references to the ancient texts like Saravali, Brihat Jataka etc where  appropriate. Good work by the author!!!
0399143904|2.0|I come away from Clancy's books expecting two things:(1) to be  entertained, and (2) to learn something. In this case, neither of the  expectations was fullfilled. The plot is too predicable and a bit campy.  And unlike most of his previous books, I did not learn a thing about how a  machine works, how a system operates, or the effect of one form of  political thought on another. His characters are at best, weak. And of the  very few &quot;snake eaters&quot; that I have met, his characters are  completely unlike the real thing. This book was almost as useless as  Patriot Games-hence it will probably be a smash hit in the mass media movie  arena.
0671799320|4.0|This is an accomplished work detailing the story of oil from the mid  nineteenth century to the end of the gulf war. I found the story riveting  up until the end of the second world war. The book loses it's grip on the  significance of oil in history here. The focus shifts to oil prices,  markets and many far too broad issues for a reader to easily ingest and  understand. I found the details of the Middle East conflicts muddled and  lacking a clear insight. The grasp on history slips into uncertainty.  Possibily not all information is available to the author due to national  security however he omits to say if this is so and the picture can be  confusing. By contrast the first half or so of the book has a clear grasp  of the story being told. Significant individuals are singled out and the  narrative proceeds with a natural development of human proportions. The  forces at work are clearly expressed and conveyed. Some flashes of this  story telling ability appear later in the book but as the story goes global  and more up-to-date the sureness of touch is lost. The reader really needs  to want to read about oil price fluctuation in order to enjoy this latter  part of the book.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Not easy to get to grips with, this record will take you on an emotional  trip and a musical journey. Give all their earlier stuff a good listen and  you'll find the birth place of O.K. Computer. For me Radiohead are the only  original band around to date.
1573226521|3.0|I enjoyed reading Alex Garland's tale of the discovery and subsequent loss  of a secluded Thai beach paradise. Like in Lord of the Flies, the  relationships between the beach dwellers soon deteriorate - cliques form  and an atmosphere of pervasive distrust corrodes the initial island idyll  until it unravels in death and expulsion from paradise. The writing is  clear, even simple in style, but the increasing sense of menace is well  captured. This is, however, very much a holiday read, and not for those  seeking a degree of depth from the text.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|A very good album with some &quot;progressive&quot; feeling. One of the  best of the Iron`s albums.
0816158134|5.0|I bought this book in the 5th grade and was absolutely mesmerized by it.   Over the past 15 years I have read it over and over again and have  appreciated it on a different level each time as I, too, have grown-up with  the lead character of &quot;Francie&quot;.   If you have ever wanted to  travel in time with your best childhood friend, this novel is one way to  experience bustling Brooklyn, New York from the turn of the century through  the first World War.  I cannot recommend it enough and the movie truly does  not do it any justice.  A must-read for all ages!
0440224764|4.0|I was turned onto Grisham with The Rainmaker, and have read most of his  work, being particularly disappointed with The Chamber.<br />This is  definitely his best work so far, with enough plot twists and dark humor to  keep me from putting the book down.
0399143904|1.0|I have read many of Clancy's book and enjoyed them but this one is just  stupid. There was no page turning. I didn't care what happened. I read  about half way through and still didn't care. I won't waste the money on  his next hardcover!
B000000OF6|3.0|This 2-CD set is good, but The 2 Hollywood Discs (&quot;Queen's Greatest  Hits&quot; and &quot;Classic Queen&quot;) are better.  Together, those 2  discs cover most of the same songs, and no songs are repeated.  The biggest  difference is that with &quot;Greatest Hits I &amp; II&quot; you get the  song &quot;Flash&quot;, but not the songs &quot;Keep Yourself Alive&quot;  and &quot;Tie Your Mother Down&quot;.  Personally, I think it's inexcusable  to leave the latter 2 songs of a 2-disc greatest hits compilation, so I  bought the 2 Hollywood discs.<br />The other differences are, in my opinion,  minor:  <br />GH I&amp;II has Innuendo, It's a Hard Life, Breakthru, The  Invisible Man, and Friends Will Be Friends.<br />The 2 Hollywood discs have:   Stone Cold Crazy, One year of Love, These Are the Days, and Body Language.
0399143904|1.0|What was once fresh and interesting about Clancy (red October/sum of all  fears) has become stale and hackneyed.  There were so many typos and  repetitive passages, I am left with the sense that he bypassed the editing  stage due to a tight deadline. The technological insights I enjoyed in the  past were exaggerated in this tome with out the benefit of a trully  riviting storyline to balance it. Lastly, his descriptive treatment of  women leads me to conclude that he's been frustrated in his attempts at  relationships with them. This book has convinced a longtime Clancy fan  (I've read'em all) to seek out greener pastures.
B0000025NU|5.0|Being a Long Islander who works in Washington and who goes home only once  in a while, Billy Joel's &quot;Songs in the Attic&quot; is required for the  drive home.  As soon as I hit the Verrazano Bridge, heading towards  Brooklyn and the Belt Parkway, Billy Joel goes into the CD player and  reminds me of what New York and Long Island are all about.  His liner notes  are dead on when he says &quot;there is no Miami 2027 without MSG.&quot;   Billy Joel's music IS Long Island - sweeping suburbs, tough guys, fisherman  and a mentality that only people born there can fully understand.  The  album that fully reveals these thoughts is &quot;Songs in the Attic.&quot;   Hooray for an album that while meant to be a breather turned out to be a  synthesized symbol of the place where Billy Joel grew up and has obviously  left his heart.
B000002UZ4|5.0|I have hundreds of CDs yet this one means more to me than any other one.   The CD of the century.
0060926317|5.0|This is one of the best books that I have read in a long time. Although at  first I did not like the style of writing, Morgan redeems herself with a  fantanstic story of the natives of Australia. I have always been interested  in Native cultures, but Morgan outdoes herself as she teaches Westerners  how the &quot;original people&quot; live from day to day. As the main  character makes her way from present-day Australia to the outskirts of what  we call civilization, she learns the customs of the Aboriginies. I learned  how far us humans have come from living with (not against) mother earth.  The Aboriginies live a different, and possibly a better existence on earth  than I have ever known. All people will gain a sense of what it means to  live when they finish this book. I ask all peoples of all cultures to learn  about this beautiful culture.
B000007VKZ|5.0|I spent one month waiting for this CD, and I can gladly say it is perfect.   Every song is beyond &quot;above average&quot; and each song makes you  want to sing along (even if you don't know the lyrics) or play air guitar.   The most notable songs are Sehnsucht (Hunger), Du Hast (You Hate), Buck  Dich (Bend Down) and Klavier (Piano).  You'll play them over and over and  over... until your ears bleed or your parents/friends/supervisor tells you  to turn it off (unless they appreciate the music- they should).
B000005J56|5.0|Slide guitar virtuoso, Ry Cooder, has always been a proponent of rhythm.   Whether turning a Johnny Cash song into zydeco, toting his instrument into  the sleezy girly clubs of Paris, Texas, or revisiting the famous  &quot;crossroads,&quot; where blues-legend Robert Johnson made his pact  with the devil, the man-from-all-regions always told the story with a  groove to show for it.<br />Cooder's mere presence in Cuba now brings validity  to the island's rich, musical culture.  Those way north of the border have  now caught the spicy flavor and charm of syncopation supremo, inviting the  Social Club to perform at New York's Carnegie Hall.<br />&quot;In Cuba, the  music flows like a river,&quot; says Cooder.  &quot;It takes care of you  and rebuilds you from the inside out.&quot;  In a country that attributes  your status by the amount of chrome still hanging on your Chevy, Cooder and  friends fill the side streets with an invigorating sampling of son, danzon,  guajira, and bolero.  This is music that is cool in spite of the climate in  which it was born.<br />There isn't any documentary video to accompany us on  the tour, but the zesty atmosphere of the recording will have you painting  portraits just the same.  You're likely to see yourself stepping into an  alley bar for camaraderie among the working class, a partaking of the  ardent spirits, viewing seductive senioritas lining the doorways, and  inhaling tobacco-thick humidity being swirled by the ceiling fans and the  distinctive Buena Vista Social Club that embraces it all.<br />Order me a  bloody mary and a celery stalk.  Celebrate!!  These passionate troubadours  have won the West with an invigorating stamp of approval.  So let the  spirits that guard the prestigious Carnegie Hall pay attention.  Here is  rhythm, and it has a groove.
B000002MNR|5.0|WE LISTEN TO THIS ANYTIME WE WANT TO BE RELAXED.  I TOOK IT TO A MASSAGE  AND IT WAS GREAT.  IT MAKES GREAT BACKGROUND MUSIC AND IT'S ROMANTIC.  WE  LOVE IT!!!!
1573226521|2.0|Well, I was given this book as a gift after hearing A LOT of talk about  it.  And it was okay, I guess, it went by quickly though not altogether  painlessly.  I just didn't care about ANY of the characters, the story was  somewhat interesting, but then only in patches.  I was hoping the ending  could be a payoff to salvage the rest of the novel, but no such luck.  I do  think this could be an interesting movie, though Di Caprio(sp?) is going to  have to work hard to make anyone care about what happens to this character  and after reading the book, I cannot imagine sitting for two more hours,  watching these people.  Really, don't bother--after all the comparisons are  over, The Beach makes you appreciate the brilliance of Lord of the Flies.   Save your time--re-read that one.
B00000AFWW|3.0|This album was a surprise.  While it is an excellent collection of songs,  I kept waiting for the real Hole record to stand up. Throughout the album,  Courtney sings as soft and sheer as an Academy Awards gown flowing in the  breeze. Her new softness is most apparent in the song &quot;Dying&quot;  where she whispers and purrs her way through devastatingly sad lyrics.  The  single &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; is about as hard as this album gets.   She's left Seattle grunge behind and moved on to L.A. stardom and her songs  reflect this change.  You can definitely hear the influence of former  Go-Go's member Charlotte Caffey and Smashing Pumpkins front-man Billy  Corgan. Track #2 &quot;Awful&quot; is pure 1982 L.A. pop, while track #12  &quot;Petals&quot; sounds like it was nicked from a Pumpkins' lost session.   Courtney is at her most effective when releasing her anger on the world,  as in the best song on the album, &quot;Reasons to be Beautiful.&quot;   Also in that song: the line &quot;It's better to rise than fade away&quot;  which inspires a chill as it contradicts the Neil Young lyric quoted in her  husband's suicide note. It's worth the cost of the album just to hear her  sing that one line.
B000002NJS|4.0|This is the first Madonna album that I have ever purchased and I'm glad I  did. Her use of William Orbit's sounds and beats make this record a  complete triumph. . The title track and &quot;Skin&quot; are the  best  songs. A really pleasant surprise.
B000002NJS|1.0|Madonna didn't used to be this bad.  I recall the song &quot;I'll Remember  You&quot; being somewhat good...<br />However, this CD (And the Ray of Light  video) just don't match up to the standards Madonna used to have.
B000002TQV|5.0|This album has it all.  Definitely for those who enjoy a powerful crunch  but still require an interesting melody line.  The hooks here will keep you  humming for days.  Additionally, the lyrics are second to none.  A bit sad,  but somehow optimistic.  This is a must have.
0399143904|2.0|What happened w/ R6???  What a bummer...I bought the book the day it was  released and frankly had a tough time finishing it.  I'm a Huge Clancy fan  but am really disappointed with this one...a couple of things irked me, one  was the repetition of descriptive words (can someone  say...&quot;niggardly&quot;).  And the plot had a Huge hole...without  spoiling it...Why, if you spend billions on your &quot;plan&quot;, would  you send ONE guy to carry it out (to the olympics)...where's the  backup...STUPID, STUPID.  I don't know...I'm just very disappointed with  this book
0399143904|1.0|You know its going to be a tough book to get through when two of the  female characters introduced in the book both hate men. I guess the divorce  isn't going so well, huh? <br />The supposedly complex plot was extremely  predictable... perhaps because of the one dimensional nature of the  characters. The good guys are extremely good perfect people. The bad guys  are evil and of course dumb because their point of view conflicts with  Clancy. <br />The technical merits of the book are suspect as well. A 100 line  program that disables a cell site and happens to work in any cell site?   The lifesigns finder has been debunked in every analysis I've seen. <br />The  most troubling thing about the book is that Clancy is still of the notion  that the only people who want privacy on the Internet and in other  telecommuncations are people who have something to hide like affairs or  child pornography. Very disturbing. <br />Starting with Cardinal of the  Kremlin and after coming to a head in Executive Orders, Clancy's books have  become a soapbox for his extremist, narrow opinions.<br />On an amusing note,  somebody must have bought him a Word a Day calendar or something while he  was writing the book. He used the word &quot;niggardly&quot; three times in  the span of few pages.
031218087X|5.0|This book is an excellent, mind captivating read.  The surprise behind the  scenes for me, expecting just another mystery/thriller type of story, was  the tremendous love story.  I absolutely love when an author tells more  than one tale. Dan Brown - thanks for the email turning me on to this book,  I can't wait for the next one.  Thanks again.
B000002HRE|1.0|Do all bands wither away in time?<br />This album sounds so empty compared to  &quot;The Black Album&quot; and earlier titles...<br />Listen to the songs...   It sounds like Metallica... It has the guitar work of Metallica... It has  the vocal strength of Metallica... But it doesn't have the feel of  Metallica.<br />What would I like to say to Metallica?  Try again, and this  time do it for Metallica fans, not to get on the radio more often, and quit  making stupid videos while you're at it.
B000002IZ4|5.0|All of the songs on this album are excellente. Stone Temple Pilots Kick  A$$!!
0451452739|5.0|2001 is the reason people should read sci-fi. Not based on the movie, but  written while the movie was developed, they differ on some interesting  points.<br />Clarke tells his favoritte story once again; the first meeting  between Man and the Alien. Allthough grander in scope than most of his  stories, the simple, allmost musical writing style of Clarke never falters  in this book. Short, presise and to the point. Science is the driving force  of this story. Not the characters. This might put experiences readers off,  but the book is in no way inferior for being so. It is just as much a  classic on it's own domain as the Stanley Cubrik movie is.<br />The book deals  in a very compelling way with the if's and why's of existence. As usual  when Clarke discuss these subjects, you get the notion religion doesn't  hold a warm place in his heart. To me, that just makes the book that much  more enjoyable...<br />All of Clarke's best books tell the same story;  Childhood's End, Rendezvous with Rama and Songs of Distant Earth -- maybe  his best book, where the alien allso is Man.
B000002C4J|5.0|Celine Has one beautiful singing voice
B000002NIW|5.0|OK, so it wasn't as good as Adrenaline (In my opinion) but it's still a  good CD all the way through.  They really have some spirit to their music  (Especially in the hidden track)<br />Great guitar work, and it's about as  thrashy as it is sad at some points.  GET THIS CD!<br />There is only one  disappointment: They wasted about 20 minutes of the CD because of the  hidden track and the last song.  I WANT MORE!<br />Buy this if you like Korn,  Coal Chamber, Tool, or Limp Bizkit (Assuming you've heard more songs from  then than just &quot;Sour&quot;)
0688158234|4.0|Too many Americans do not understand the culture and traditions in many  countries, and the ritual of female circumsicsion is one of those little  known things.  Waris' story taught me that you can overcome many obstacles,  including life as a nomad, and go on to great things.  I wish Waris all the  luck in her future endeavors.  And, I highly recommend this book to  everyone.
B0000024R8|5.0|Dylan's first album is a jewel. This  is Dylan singing Americana - from   the blusey &quot;Baby, Let me take you  down&quot; through his &quot;House  of the  Risin' Sun&quot; to the witty talkin'  blues &quot;Talkin' New  York&quot; and  finishing with &quot;See that my Grave is  kept clean&quot;  Dylan shows that he was  in line to inherit the world of  Woody Guthrie.   His touching &quot;Song  to Woody&quot; makes this album worth the  money  spent, alone.  This is Dylan  singing not songs but the poetry of  America,  some his and some borrowed,  branded with his unique style that  has been  copied but never matched.
0380778556|5.0|Readers will be caught in a tanglement of murder, mystery, romance,  hypocrisy, loyalty, submission, and suspense as they turn the pages of  'Rebecca'.  This book convinced me that Daphne DuMaurier is my favorite  author.  Rush to get her other mystery novels such as  &quot;My cousin  Rachel&quot; and &quot;Not before Midnight&quot; and treat yourself to an  evening of macaber.
B000002IAZ|5.0|I bought this album in the early 70's without knowing much about the band.  I can't say that I loved it at first, but it grew on my over time and is  now one of my favorites. Out of curiousity, I eventually bought &quot;Last  Time Around&quot; in a sale bin, but was disappointed. I usually dismiss  greatist hits albums because I consider them for the musical airheads, but  this is an exception. It truly captures the best stuff from this  underappreicated roots band.
0380725398|2.0|There were little mystery and romance that DuMaurier is famous for.   Failed to stir up reader's interest as the plot is weak and characters are  not well developed.
B000000W9Z|5.0|Outside is one of the greatest Bowie- albums.. &quot;Outside&quot; and  &quot;I'm Deranged&quot; are the best songs. David Bowie is a genious.
0060977493|3.0|The book is well written in its use of language and well turned prose,  except that it suffers from:<br />1. overuse of linguistic style  (alliterative, etc..)<br />2. heavy overuse of vulgar wording (vulgar words  can be helpful to set the environment, but if used on every page, lose  their power and originality)<br />3. sweepingly flawed characters (every  one)<br />4. lack of insight into the characters' present thoughts (no  identification with the protaginists)<br />Otherwise it is serious and worth  the read. Hopefully she will refine in further works.
0553108034|5.0|I am a fairly diehard fantasy fan, having been weaned on hardcore scifi as  a child. Up until now I was rating Robert Jordan at the top of my favorite  authors list. Well sorry RJ but George Martin just bumped you a notch. The  author does an excellent job a fleshing out the characters with a minimum  of words (unlike RJ). I am torn now knowing that characters I have come to  respect and know are destined to be enemies, and Mr. Martin has the nasty  little trick of developing really great characters and then killing them!  All I can say is that I am anxiously waiting the next book and my only  solace is that RJ's Path of Daggers is due out next month.
B00000420F|4.0|Cecelia's voice is so rich and lovely.  Her interpretation of these  standard art songs all but vibrates with enthusiasm and emotion.  As an  amateur singer, I'm thrilled that a Diva such as Ms. Bartoli has recorded  the same songs vocal students have sung for hundreds of years. <br />Every  beautiful note she sings seems to float out to the listener with natural  ease.  I highly recommend this recording to anyone, but especially to vocal  students and newcomers to operatic music.  These pieces are short with  simple and lovely melodies.
B0000025ED|5.0|52nd Street, while not as famous, has just as many great songs as The  Stranger.  Rosalinda's Eyes and Half a Mile Away are among my favorite  Billy songs no one knows (There should be a CD of such songs).  Billy at  his best.
0380725398|5.0|Very mysterious and scary, but over all great story.  A sure read.
B0000025NU|5.0|When people talk about Billy Joel, the last album mentioned would probably  be Songs in the Attic (beside Cold Spring Harbor) yet it is truly one of  his best.  Nearly every song is superior to its original studio version.   An great intro to old Billy.
B00000AFWW|3.0|The trash talking Hole as we new'em is gone. In is the radio lovin' lyrics  and riffs of Love and the gang. Not a bad play, but we miss the hard stuff,  Courtney.  Let's face it, the music should not be prettier than the people  that made it.<br />We can only imagine what would have been without Billy of  the Pumpkins......
0671510991|5.0|All interested in both international relations and history should read  this well wiritten book. Mr. Kissinger presents a deep analysis on world  diplomacy, particularly on those facts which changed and still changing the  world.
B000005KFN|5.0|(EN ESPAOL) Los Sonic Youth no fueron ni sern Nirvana o Pearl Jam o  Pavement, pero estas ltimas bandas le deben mucho a los padres del  noise-guitar o a la llamada corriente alternativa de los aos 90, los  precursores del experimento snico, feedbacks y melodias pop(?) todo en  uno. En este maravilloso album Sonic Youth demuestra que lo mas bajo del  ser humano se combate con guitarras sobrecargadas, speed drumming y voces  enceguecidas por la frustracin; ejemplos de estos los encontramos en  Swimsuit Issue (&quot;... no te la estoy mamando en un bungalow del  Sunset...&quot;) o en 100% la cual habla de Joe Cole, quien fue asesinado  el da antes de Navidad. El cinismo est presente en todo este album,  producto de la vida en la clase media de estos jovenes(sic), quienes nos  escupen sus esquizofrenias, su preocupacin por las estrellas y el llamado  sueo americano. Nos muestran el primer mundo en pleno caos utilizando  letras hipercargadas, con reminiscencias de escritores beat, como en Shoot!  en la cual Kim Gordon encarna a una ama de casa soando que mata a su  esposo, la cual nos hace rememorar a los dos primeros discos de Velvet  Underground que parecen haber cambiado las letras de Lou Reed por las de  William S. Burroughs. La vida en New York requiere de experimentaciones de  todo tipo, las cuales pueden llevar al pasajero a diferentes formas, en  esta los jvenes snicos nos demuestran la suciedad. Suciedad. 15  variedades. 15 canciones.
B000002MNL|5.0|probably the most solid of the Briton's solo albums.  While it may not  have a smash hit song like some of his earlier albums, it is still the one  to have.
B000002OMN|5.0|I must say that this is definately worthy of 5, and more, stars.  Although  I was only 13 when it was released, I had to buy this CD after listening to  it with my cousin.  A few weeks later I bought Meat Loaf's first CD.  Now I  sing along to them both during my 2 hour commute to school.  The songs are  so upbeat, I have no chance to fall asleep.
0451160916|4.0|Having read the book first, I was a bit disappointed with the movie,  because of the book's greater detail and superior storyline.  Perhaps not  the &quot;masterpiece in modern horror&quot; as advertised on the paperback  cover, but neverthless a good read which will make you check all the dark  places in your bedroom before turning out the lights.
B000002HPV|5.0|this album will swallow your emotions in one pulsating gulp.  An  absolutely beautiful work that is the antithesis of the apathetic  alternative '90s.
B0000028UK|5.0|It's a tough to judge any band's best recording, but after putting a lot o  thought into it, I would pick vs. as Pearl Jam's best.  That's right, i  think it is even better than (God forbid) Ten or Yield.  The reasons why  this album takes the trophy is because of its diverstiy, power, passion and  poetry.  Not only does the band feature one of the best songwriters of our  time in Eddie Vedder, but the band is a musical juggernaut.  For me, Pearl  Jam really started to blossom on this album.  Songs like &quot;go&quot; and  &quot;w.m.a.&quot; really have power, but there is also a meaning behind  the music which is what endears a band to me.  &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot;  is arguably my favorite PJ song.  The music is at once so catchy and  powerful, and one can almost taste the angst of Eddie Vedder when he says  &quot;I gather speed from you f***ing with me.&quot;  Everyone has felt  rage and regret about the past before.  That is what makes this album  great.  It's easy to marvel at the album's craftsmanship and power as a  work of art, but each time I play this album, I feel that somehow I'm  reading an autobiography of my own emotions, thoughts, and feelings.
B000002H2H|5.0|It is amazing to see how Metallica has changed since this album, but we  shouldn't forget about them.  It is thrash, and it is fast and heavy.   Tracks like &quot;For Whome The Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Creeping  Death&quot;, show Metallica's hard and heavy side, while &quot;Fade to  Black&quot; and my personal favorite, &quot;The Call of the Ktulu&quot;  purely show their composing capabilities.  Although Cliff Burton is no  longer with us, you can still get a presence of him through this recording.   The bass in &quot;...Ktulu&quot; is crazy with the Wah and distortion and  it really blends in nicly with the guitar.  Of all the Metallica albums,  this is my favorite, so pick it up!
0399143904|3.0|Tom Clancy has been one of my &quot;must reads&quot; since I began with  Jack Ryan's exploits however many years ago. In my opinion, Without Remorse  - the novel Clancy used to explore the character of Clark - is probably his  most exciting and darkest work. When I found out Rainbow Six was a  &quot;Clark novel&quot; I bought it and read it immediately. I was  disappointed by it. Perhaps that comes from the cautious nature of an  anti-terrorist team. Perhaps that comes from a novel concerning a team that  cannot lose no matter what the odds. There has always been a chance of  something going wrong in Clancy's work. Here, the only reason you read on  is to see how the bad guys will die in the next scene.
067101756X|1.0|I read this book.  I am not especially proud of the fact that I finished  it.  Col. Corso strikes me again and again throughout the book as being not  as much interested in revealing a government conspiracy and cover-up as he  is in revealing just how strikingly heroic and well-connected he is (was).   The book itself is highly disjointed and doesn't flow in a manner you  expect to find in a chronological novel or work of nonfiction.  I was also  throughly disgusted by the military's perspective of war, the former Soviet  Union, and the common joe-six-pack.<br />Somebody high-up in government  circles should publish something to refute this piece of trash, and to put  the almighty Philip Corso in his place...
B000002AV5|5.0|advanced, deep and smokey at the same time. rich and lucious listen to  this with good equipment and someone you desperately love.
0446343129|5.0|I came upon this book in the Library and I just thought I would take it  home and read it for fun.  I had no idea this would change my life.  This  is a thoroughly researched and detailed book but only for those people with  open minds. After reading the book I tried to locate a copy to keep but I  could not even find this book at a national chain. Good old Amazon had it.   I am now on an anti sugar crusade and when anyone asks me I tell them about  Dufty's book.  I have also begun purchasing several at a time and giving  them to people I feel are open to learning and changing themselves.
B000002MZ6|5.0|We are new-borns to Mike Oldfield's sounds...His style opens new thought,  ideas, perspectives,on our existence...indeed, takes us &quot;out of this  world&quot;, yet allows newfound appreciation of our world of  sounds...in-sight...Thank You.
B000005RFQ|5.0|This is certainly the lost and forgotten Black Sabbath album. I have  searched for almost ayear to find it and could only get the cassette. Thank  Amazon for completing my collection.
B000000WHX|5.0|This album still sounds great to me after 7 years, and I have no doubt  will still sound fresh in another 7. Some truly outstanding tracks, and a  laid back style that many have tried to imitate but none pull off so well  as Massive [Attack]. Their later albums are more brooding, musically  complex and thoughtful, yet some of my favourite tracks  are on this album  (and well represented in their current live set I am happy to say). A great  album from one of my favourite bands - their other albums are equally good,  so be sure to check them out also.
0688052304|4.0|Since I don't possess an MC, this looked like a terrible waste of time,  but even in the most trivial of doings, there's an entire philosophy  behind.  The book deals with crucial elements of the development of Western  philosophy. If Western mentality today lacks desirable elements, it's  extremely difficult to tell when or where or who chose a less favorable  path. Mr. Pirsig suggests that the error can be traced back to the Greeks.   This conclusion itself seems to relie on a misconception, because it's  unlikely that there's anything like an ideel philosophy. Anyway, the book  dares to adress such complex questions and gets away with it. That's an  effort in itself worth 4 stars, I think.  The story consists of a past and  a present situation. Personally, I find the past far more interesting than  the present. I admit that the story would suffer much if the present was  erased, still, focus could have been even more on the past situation.
0399143904|5.0|THIS BOOK CAPTURES TWO OF THE GREATEST FEARS OF PEOPLE, TERRORISM IN THE  U.S. AND MASS DESTRUCTION THROUGH A VIRUS. LOOK AT HOW MANY MOVIES AND  BOOKS HAVE BEEN PUBLISHED ON THESE TWO SUBJECTS. CLANCY CAPTURES THEM BOTH  IN AN ATTENTION GRABBING FORM, COMBINED WITH TWO OF HIS GREATEST  CARRACTERS, JOHN CLARK AND DOMINGO CHAVEZ. THIS BOOK WILL GRAB YOUR  ATTENTION FOR HOURS AT THE TIME!
B000005JA8|5.0|At first listen one may think &quot;do these people know how to  play?&quot;  But like Gin, It's an acquired taste. This double album set  was a very influential work in it's time. The Capt. once said that he  wanted to be a sculpturer but his dad said he was not gonna let him go to  school with &quot;all of them queers.&quot;  But alas, he chops at his  music as though it were a chunk of stone, and the result is  unique and a  bit disturbing.  &quot;Orange Claw Hammer&quot; is a good example of this  that features the Capt. singing into what sounds like a dictaphone,  clicking on and off, as he appears to make up the lyrics as he goes.  Do  you like the taste of Gin?
B000002HRE|1.0|Let me tell you what I know about Metallica's future: It looks like the  new album would be called B.B.R. (I really don't know what it means). The  following specials guests and musics are confirmed: 1) 'Barby Boy', with  Acqua doing backing vocals; 2) 'Carma Camaleon', with Boy George; 3) 'I  want to break free', with George Michael; 4) 'I love to hate you', with  Erasure; 5) 'The Memory Remains II', with Madonna; 6) This one is not  confirmed. Yes, man, Metallica and Hansom !!!! But the problem is that the  guys of Hanson think that Metallica isn't heavy enough to play with them.  Just to end, if you liked 'Load' buy 'Reload', you will love it. Like we  say here in Brazil 'Load' and 'Reload' are 'coisa de chabidasso'  (expression due to Joao Gordo - Ratos de Porao).
0679457313|4.0|Let's be clear about one thing. I liked the book, so much in fact, that I  am re-reading it. That however may not a great book make. What really  attracted me was how Roy is able to get under the skin of a child -  physically two, they do share a monozygotic soul - and explain what the  world looks like. In fact the whole book seems to view the world from a  child's eyes - not so much as the events in themselves, but rather the way  a human reacts to events. In many places I was really amazed by this,  because the book told me how I would've reacted as a child (but had lost  the senstivity as an adult). That said, I think the language needs some  polishing. Maybe she should've revised it. Deadwoods like the twins  feelings for their mother's beauty are aplenty. And who says all Indians  write like Rushdie? This book really proves otherwise because it's the  emotions and not the events that bind the tale together.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|It was a great idea for someone to finally release the famous  &quot;Nuggets&quot; garage-punk compilation in its original form (same  tracks/artists) on a single CD. Rhino, being the good-hearted folks they  normally are, took the concept a step further, compiling 3 addl. 70  minute-plus CDs full of garage-punk classics, adding the original  &quot;Nuggets&quot;, and putting them together in the &quot;Nuggets&quot;  box-set.  If I could give six or seven stars to this box-set, this would  certainly deserve it. While there may be some quibbles about assorted  &quot;essential&quot; garage-punk classics which didn't make the collection  (where's &quot;96 Tears&quot;?), the collection has enough gems to make  this box set extremely worthwhile. This is the REAL punk rock, served up  loud, nasty, and crude by white suburban teenagers trying their darndest to  sound like jaded bluesmen. If you have doubts, check out the track list.  Nobody who calls themself a rock fan can be without this!!!
6304117272|5.0|This movie was very well done.  The special effects work is virtually  flawless, and the acting and writing fit very well.   The storyline doesn't  vary far from the book.     END
0553573403|1.0|Though I appear to be in a distinct minority in my dis-satisfaction with  this work, I found this book to be in the end grossly unsatisfying.  My  displeasure was masked by Mr. Martins superb prose style-  he is a  wordsmith of breathtaking skill with a true gift for discriptive narative.  However, his scope of vision is too broad for the detail of his work.  This  is a very complicated universe Mr. Martin has created- enthralling,  superbly onceived, but exhaustive in scope, a therefore poorly fitted to  his writing style.  It is like trying to have a grand master painter do an  episode of the Simpsons- the detail of the prose, complexity of the plot,  the constant shifting of narative focus, has left us with a novel of almost  700 pages with no resolution (or even clarification) of any plot points.  The prologue starts with doings north of the wall, and we're foreshadowed  throughout the book that this is where the real action is, but by the end  of the book they haven't even investigated it.  The tomboy daughter hunted  in the capital is a great story, but we get only about 10 pages about her  because there is too much else going on.  I'm sure that Mr. Martin has some  idea of how to work the long dead king's daughter back into the game, but  with so many plot points, Dany is only a distractionb that ended up going  nowhere.  To see how this is done right, look to Robert Jordan- he started  with a single primary focus with all the mai  characters in that focus and  kept them together until we knew them, adding new characters into the mix  after we had aobsorbed those already introduced.  My final problem with  this novel is one I share with Robert Jordan's wheel of time, and iot is  this: The story is too complicated to remember- if and when I pick up the  sequel in April 1999 I will be confused about who all these people are and  why we care about them unless I reread the first book.  Of course this is  a big problem with Robert Jordan too, but I digress...
0812550757|5.0|When OSC is at his best, he's unsurpassable. Whether Ender's Game or  Speaker for the Dead is the better book is a matter of taste; Ender's Game  is more action/hard science and Speaker delves more into the interpersonal  relationships (which I think is OSC's strength) and is the more complex  book, without the somewhat boring sections that mar Xenocide and Children  of the Mind. My personal ratings: Ender's Game: 9.5; Speaker: 10; Xenocide:  6; Children: 6. The last 2 are not nearly as compelling but still  worthwhile reads, if you like OSC. If you do like OSC, I think he's also at  his best in Pastwatch (which is SF) and the first 3 books of the Alvin  Maker series (which is fantasy): Seventh Son, Red Prophet (tougher going  but still good) and Prentice Alvin (maybe the best in that series).
B000007ODM|5.0|This is music to lose yourself in. Not for all tastes maybe but one of my  favourites. As with most potential classics it will be regrettable if  excerpts are overused in the media. Only one criticism - a pity about the  incongruously wailing electric guitar interruptions which could have been,  one might imagine, easily substituted by another tonal instrument.  Otherwise a thoroughly uplifting  work.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is one of the best jazz albums ever created.  Miles Davis' ideas for  this album were totally revolutionary at the time.  Any true jazz-lover  must own this album.
B000002H33|5.0|DEFFINATELY one of MetallicA's best albums!! if you like metallica, and  you don't have this album, you're not a metallica fan!! deffinately get it!
B00000AFGM|5.0|I bought this CD, not really kowing what to expect.  I was not really a  huge Manson fan.  I AM NOW.  He actually sings and he sounds great.  Mucis  has a deifinately different feel that that of Anarchist Superstar.
B000002GGO|5.0|Released two years after 1982's beautiful and synth-slick New Gold Dream,  Sparkle in the Rain continues that earlier record's spiritual overtones  while capturing Scotland's Simple Minds at a turn in their evolution and  the height of their creativity.  The next few years would see the band reap  the rewards of their years of hard work through the release of such  enjoyable and more straightforward commercial hits as &quot;Don't You  Forget About Me,&quot; &quot;Alive and Kicking,&quot; and others, and who  could blame them.  But it was Sparkle in the Rain that caught the essence  of the band.  Like a newly fashioned diamond, it is utterly unique and  intense, and it could only have come from Messrs. Kerr, Burchill, Forbes,  McNeil, and Gaynor, -- Scottish sons all with a taste for the epic and the  North in their veins. Even 14 years after its release, the album is charged  with a pure and fresh urgency fueled by McNeil's soaring keyboard tapestry,  Burchill's ethereal and razor sharp guitar, Gaynor's crashing,  Godzilla-has-come drumming, and Forbe's pounding heartbeat bass.  Enmeshed  in all this is Kerr singing lyrics more powerful for their imagery than for  their meaning, but all delivered persuasively and, again, urgently,  emotionally, truthfully.  This is a record with its manifold ripped off,  with its pistons pounding at dizzying speeds and heights.  One can almost  feel the heat and light, the expansive blue warmth of Scottish skies and a  ride through Heaven.  And it is glorious!
B000003BEV|5.0|THIS ALBUM WAS WRITTEN OFF BY MOST PEOPLE AS A  SGR. PEPPER RIPOFF.   WRONG!  FIRST OFF ALL I  THOUGHT SGR PEPPER WAS BULL$#&amp;%.  THIS ALBUM  WAS  A GOOD ONE.  PEOPLE JUST SEEM TO LOOK AT THE COVER AND RULE IT OFF.
B00000253N|5.0|I first heard this album coming off of my parents turntable in San Diego  when I was 5.  Perhaps that is why it is so deeply ingrained in my psyche.   I obviously knew nothing of the meaning of the songs, but 24 years later, I  can safely say that this is the one album that I must have with me wherever  I go.
B000001Y79|5.0|This is possibly the greatest American band around today. Tragic Kingdom  is huge. Buy it!
0062502182|5.0|I am Brazilian as the Author of the book, Paulo Coelho, I read it in  portuguese.      This book is one of my favorites, it talks about a boy in  spain who in one night have a dream about a treasure in the pyramids of  Egipt, and than he goes to get his treasure, goes through the Saara desert  and live many things.      So, this book make strong the ideia that if you  really want to get something, first you have to believe that this dream is  possible, and than do evrything that you can to get it, never giving up,  and the most important thing, never think that you can`t do it, becasue you  CAN.      Please, if you read this, when you finish the book, write me  saiyng what you though about it. It is gonna be a pleasure to share our  thoughts about this wonderful book.
0061092037|4.0|Jeffrey Archer (almost) never fails.  This is one of his better works,  with good character development and an intriguing plot.  I especially liked  the way he flipped from one protagonist to the other as he traced their  separate but parllel tracks to success and power in the media (newspapers  and other outlets) business.  As usual, the plot is suspenseful and full of  unexpected twists.  You cannot put it down.  I also appreciate the fact  that Archer, unlike Ken Follett,or even (alas) Tom Clancy and John Lecarre  almost never resorts to lurid titillation to capture your interest.  He is  a great and dependable writer who shows one needn't be crude to captivate  the reader.
B0000009SY|5.0|This CD is my favorite Zappa album. It is full of great music with  talented muscians and it tells a story. This CD should be part of  everyone's Zappa collection.
B000002NFM|5.0|Unlike thousands of identical alternative songs out there, Prodigy's Fat  of the Land delivers 10 hard-hitting reliably good songs. Without a doubt  one of the best cd's of the decade for those of us not relying on Viagra to  have a good time.
B000002AT6|5.0|This cd is truly a masterpiece.  The music can move you to places and make  you feel emotions so deeply that you feel transported through time.   &quot;The Wedding&quot; is one of the most  beautiful songs and I am  planning on using it in my own wedding.  From &quot;Legends of the  Fall&quot; to &quot;Alfred, Tristan, The Colonel, The Legend...&quot;, you  feel such a deep connection to the music.  Horner scored big on this one.   I hope he keeps them coming.
B000026156|5.0|This one of the greatest recordings of jazz.<br />For many people, this is  the first avant garde jazz album that won them over.  All those people then  realized that avant garde jazz music, when played well, is simply great  music.  And you can go away humming the melodies...<br />Don't miss it.
1556154844|5.0|If you are serious about programming, you must read this book.  It is  simply the best pure programming book I have read yet.  Many of the points  are general knowledge and have been written about elsewhere, but this book  brings them all together.  Like Steve says, this is about coding, something  all projects require.  While reading the book, I found myself thinking that  I should immediately apply most of the techniques.  As with other McConnell  books, I couldn't put it down.
B00000DATR|2.0|No, sorry. I'm afraid this adds nothing to TB1 and  TB2. It's just a bad  case of deja vue, repackaged and re-marketed to relieve you of more of your  hard earned cash.<br />Save yourself some money and dig out your old copy of  TB2 instead ....
B000001DTM|5.0|U MUST LISTEN THIS ALBUM IT IS FASCINATING AND AMAZING AND THERE ARE GREAT  SONGS AND U MUST TO LISTEN ACROBAT CAREFULLY THIS ALBUM IS STRONGLY  RECOMENDED
0670880728|5.0|Bridget Jones' is one very funny character...and she is very true to life.   I am married now, but when I was single, I had a life very similar to  hers.  This book is just pure entertainment. If you are looking for a  meaningful literary experience go elsewhere - this is just a hilirious read  - it was quick and easy and i would recommend it to any woman who has an  annoying mother, or ever had any bad luck with men!!
6304681011|5.0|Carnival of Souls tells the tale of a sole survivor of a car accident.  What's really interesting is that her world slowly starts to unravel and  she's drawn to the &quot;abandoned&quot; carnival near where her accident  happened.  We do get to see zombies in this tale.  And this was the  inspiration for Romero's Night of the Living Dead.  Carnival feels like an  extended Twilight Zone episode and the ending delivers much as one would  expect from a TZ ep.  I think Wes Craven is the one who has recently filmed  a remake of this film.  I recommend watching this one first.  It's a true  classic.  END
B000003CKH|5.0|Take a cup of good clean rock and roll, mix in 2 teaspoons ska, a half of  cup of funk, a dash of hip hop and R&amp;B, and a sprinkling of country.   Then bake well for 58 minutes, and frost with some of the freshiest lyrics  of the decade and you have Cake's Fashion Nuggett. Although not there debut  CD, Cake still manages redefine and stretch the face of alternative rock.   I found myself listening to this one everyday and humming the tunes in my  head.  This CD is definately has sweet and satisfying as a lush piece of  your favorite cake in the morning.  It is a must for any music lover, its  unique and never boring even months after you own it!
B000002H97|5.0|This album is where Metallica really tells the world who it is. The  instrumental is great and the lyrics are extremely poetic.  This is the  best album that Metallica has produced and will always remind people of who  Metallica is.  This is the album to show yor kids when you tell them about  the greatest rock/heavy metal band that ever lived.
B000006OAM|5.0|Natalie obviously spent a great deal of time working on this album.  The  quality shows.  I found the arrangements complex, but flowing.  She  continues to flaunt that MAGICAL voice of hers.  She's more subtle in this  album with her vocals, but very energetic in tone.  Nice work Natalie!!!
B000007VKZ|5.0|I expected to get tired of this album after the novelty of  &quot;Engel&quot; and &quot;Du Hast&quot; wore off.  Instead, I find that I  just can't stop listening to it.  &quot;Engel&quot; is probably the best  song, but all but one, &quot;Kuss Mich,&quot; are solid, with  &quot;Bestrafe Mich,&quot; &quot;Spiel Mit Mir,&quot;  &quot;Eifersucht,&quot; and, of course, the increadibly catchy &quot;Du  Hast&quot; being the other shining pieces.  The best thing about this album  is that it is the NOT watered-down pop/alterna-trash that's making the  music industry so boring these days.  The lyrics being in German keeps them  fresh; plus, unlike music in English, you can't be turned off by stupid or  (in this case) somewhat sick lyrics.  This album seems to have a strong  Metallica influence but is better than anything they've put out in years.   Rammstein is the band I've been waiting five years to find.
B0000025BA|5.0|Indicative of a past generation with all the moods and feelings you would  expect from such a period in music history. It never fails to make you join  in either as background or quietly listening. Carole King, one of the best  female singer songwriters ever.
B000002NJS|5.0|Okay, she may have stumbled with &quot;Erotica,&quot; and fallen flat on  her face with &quot;Who's that Girl,&quot; but Madonna is never one to  quit- or to evolve.  Each of her albums progressively shows marked growth  both in musical production and lyrical integrity, and on Ray of Light, she  reaches yet another apex. Sonically, the production is crystal clear- you  gotta listen to this with headphones on!  Lyrically, the songs combine  personal  introspection with mass appeal;  you'll find yourself identifying  with the theme of finding one's true self in this chaotic world. I can't  say I like every one of the songs on this CD- and that is a good thing. As  usual, Madonna offers enough variety so that from track to track the CD  never fails to surprise- and satisfy the listener. And yet there is an  overall cohesion to the 13 songs and it serves the listener well to listen  from start to finish rather than &quot;click, click, click&quot; to the  favorite tracks.  Of course the singles, &quot;Frozen,&quot; Ray of  Light&quot; and &quot;Power of Goodbye&quot; are stellar, but each track  stands on its own merit.  My personal favorites: &quot;Sky Fits  Heaven&quot; and &quot;Power of Goodbye.&quot; And don't miss the powerful  remixes  - they are available on the CD-maxi singles.  Thank Madonna, once  again,  for making the music world a lot more livable!
B000001Y42|5.0|LIMP BIZKIT ATTEMPS TO MELD EQUAL ELEMENTS OF HIP-HOP AND METAL INTO ONE  CRUNCHING BLOW AND SUCCEED WITH FLYING COLORS. FRED'S VOCALS ARE UNMATCHED  IN THIS NEW &quot;AGGRO-ROCK&quot; GENERATION OF KORN,DEFTONES,SEVENDUST  ETC. THESE GUYS WILL LEAD US INTO THE NEXT GENERATION. A WORD OF ADVICE. GO  SEE THESE GUYS LIVE!!!! I ATTENDED A CONCERT WITH INCUBUS AND LIMP BIZKIT  HEADLINING AND I WAS BLOWN AWAY BY THEIR ENERGY. FRED CLIMBED TO THE TOP OF  THESE 8 FOOT SPEAKERS AND STAGE(OR SPEAKER-DOVE)INTO THE AUDIENCE,WHILE  STILL SINGING AND NEVER MISSED A BEAT.FRIENDS ROMANS KORNTRYMEN, WELCOME TO  THE NEXT GENERATION!!!!!!!!!1
B000003N7G|5.0|There is no album quite like this. Get it and listen with your heart open,  and you will be rewarded.
B000002JSN|5.0|This is one of their best.  If you love Zep, this one is a must.  It just  doesn't get any better than this!  Turn it up and enjoy.
1558216847|5.0|This is the incredible story of a man who escapes from a Soviet prison  camp with six companions and walks 4,000 miles to freedom in India. It's an  amazing, touching and awe inspiring account and a testament to human  kindness and decency as well as an indictment of a horrible totalitarian  regime. I think the odds against the author were incredible, but the book  has the ring of truth.
B000002GW5|5.0|'Running on Empty' is one of, if not, the best CDs I have ever listend to.  The energy you get for it just like you're at a concert. I have my mom to  thank. It was her old tapes that I was looking through when I found  'Running on Empty'. I listend to it and was hooked. It's that good, old  fashioned, American rock. Great for long drives. It is a must have album.
0451169514|4.0|I have read the book so many times my roommate is downright stunned.  That's because he didn't get down to read it himself (funny - it's his  book). I never let it down for a moment. Though I find some of it crude,  nevertheless Stephen King does it crude with style. I found myself in  Denbrough's (one of the heroes who has to go back and kill the monster  after it got away 27 years ago - OOPS, hope I didn't spoil the fun for  anyone!) shoes so many times,wanting to crush It after all the darkness It  made everyone go through. So enjoy the ride - it'll scare the living heck  out of you.
B000002C1X|3.0|So its not terribly original.  Its Tommy by the Who done as The Wall by  Pink Floyd.  It is better than the tripe put out after the break up of the  group after this album and it is second to The Dark Side of the Moon for  real Floyd productions.  Pink Floyd is a name used by a bunch of aliens  now.
B000002NE4|5.0|The Boatman's Call finds Nick Cave being a little quieter; spending more  time with his piano and organ.  The result is a beautiful record (his most  beautiful record, IMO).  The songs are moody, fragile, and introspective.   This is the record I always wanted Nick Cave to make.
B00000AFGM|4.0|I usually hate most popular music.  This album reminds me of why I liked  Radiohead's last album, except that its better.  This album has highlights  that are reminescent of old Floyd (not the post The Wall crap), Tori Amos,  and Radiohead, except the oh so charismatic Marilyn, has such a gravely  voice, its easy to remember who it is.  I now refuse to shop at any CD  outlet that refuses to carry an uncensored version of this CD.
0553278355|5.0|The Bell Jar shows brilliance and misery that is meant to be savoired and  loved by the millions of miserable fans wanting a good read. Besides  writing the most beautiful metaphors and similes, Syliva Plath has a  genuine misery that mists her words that makes you fill a vacant spot in   your soul for her. You become the character Esther Greenwood, you feel her  insecurities, her anger, and her despair. She drags you under the bell jar  she is trapped under, to where you can feel only the stale breath from your  lungs and nothing fresh or good. It is an absolute must read, along with  her poetry!
B00000AFWW|2.0|The first song &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; was catchy, the other woman in  the song was nice, but after the first song...  It goes downhill real fast.   I would have preferred an album full of cynical fluff like the first song,  instead of boring crap like the rest of the album.
0385493622|5.0|A fascinating account of the search for an answer to a mathematical riddle  posed some three hundred-odd years ago. The author gently eases the less  mathematically able reader into how to understand mathematic theory in a  way my maths teacher was never able to do 25 years ago when I failed maths  so abysmally! The book is full of fascinating characters and tidbits of  information. For example, the relation pi has to rivers! I nearly cried  when I finished the book, I didn't want it to end.
B000002BYD|5.0|Powerful emotions brought forth through great lyrics and fantastic vocals.
0805017305|5.0|I first read this book in 1972 again in 1983 and again this summer. What  else can one say. The struggles continue. They do not teach this in history  class. This material should be required reading.
B000002MY3|5.0|I waited for the initial Alanis-mania to die down before I sat down and  listened to the entire album eariler this spring.  To put it bluntly - I  was amazed.  The lyricism, the vocals, Ballard's great musicianship all  came together to form one of the best complete albums I have heard in many  years.
B000002NHN|5.0|I loved this CD,espessially &quot;Prologue&quot; and  &quot;The Mummmers'  Dance&quot;. I have all seven of Loreena's albums,and this one is a great  among greats. Some songs are hypnotic and soothing,while  others are  invigorating. If you like this album, buy her others;you won't be  dissapointed! My first Loreena McKennitt album was The Visit,after that, I  was hooked. No one does Celtic Music like Loreena!! If you see her, tell  Loreena that some Texans(probably more than I can imagine)are avid fans of  her music.                       Matthew Pursley
B000007UEY|5.0|I can't believe this is available - I'd given up all hope of ever finding  this on CD. This is one of my all-time sentimental favorites. Beautiful  songwriting, excellent guitar work and a Simon Phillips masterpiece of  drumming. I'm a happy boy!
B0000029LG|5.0|This cd is very good because it combines his old and new work and even  some never heard before.  It is  well worth the money.
B000006OBQ|5.0|The only regret that I have from buying this CD is that I was born after  the actual show happened and, therefore, missed the chance to see this  performance in person.  Sinarta is at his zenith in this show -- his voice  with just a touch of rasp for the saloon songs, but full of life and bounce  for those swinging tunes.  The sounds he creates are more intoxicating than  half-a-dozen of those &quot;watered-down&quot; drinks at the Sands.   Thankfully, there's no hangover, just a desire to listen again and again.   Even Sinatra's monologue, written by other comedians like Joe E. Lewis and  Joey Bishop, enthralls you, makes you feel like you're part of the Summit.   The Count is not a background player.  He and a young Quincy Jones keep the  music flowing like bourbon... but with more kick.  No other live recording  has the same energy, the same ecstacy, the same smoothness.  There are no  lemons in this basket... just the best bunch of songs The Man ever made you  feel as well as hear.  Pour yourself a glass and sit back.  You've got a  front table at the Sands, and this will eternally be the best show in town.
B0000027I6|5.0|As floydian albums go, I got caught in the oral phase where I wanted to  suck my thumb and go through re-birth.
B00000BKE0|2.0|With Janick Gers replacing the irreplaceable Adrian Smith, this album  marks the beginning of the end of the best metal band of all time.  There  are a couple of good songs, but the distinctive and timeless instrumental  sound of Iron Maiden is gone. The melodic chemistry between Adrian Smith  and Dave Murray has been replaced by a rather obnoxious sounding guitarist  (Gers) who seemingly plays just to make noise.  Gers style of playing will  leave hard-core Maiden fans disappointed.  The quality of songs does not  live up the standard Iron Maiden has set with previous albums.  Iron Maiden  and Gers do not mix well for my tastes.   The departure of Smith marks a  sad day for us all.
B0000024JA|5.0|I without a doubt recomend this album to any Wu fan.  The song  &quot;release yo' delf&quot; is the dopest song on the CD.  Method Man is  at his best in this album.  A five star performance!  Don't forget about  Tical 2, Judgment Day!  Coming Nov. 2  Peace!!!
0451160916|5.0|The Shining is quite possibly one of the best books that I've ever read  and probably the best horror book hands down.  <br />It is my third Stephen  King book and I can't wait to read another.  As with the other two King  books that I've read (The Stand and Salem's Lot) the characters in this  book are so well done that to simply say that you care about them would be  an understatement.  King does an especially good job of portraying a  5-year-old child and a former alcoholic who has been &quot;on the  wagon&quot; for what seems to him as an eternity.  <br />What I really liked  about this and his other books is the way that Stephen King is able to let  us into a character's mind and scare them and us from the inside out.  In  my opinion that is why he is so good.  <br />In the Shining, King manages to  keep us frightened from the foreshadowing in the very beginning until the  very horrific end.  <br />A truly excellent book.
6302038308|5.0|This Movie kicks ass. It's really violent and gory. It's funny, too. I  LOVE IT.     END
B000002UV9|3.0|This was their worst album up to 1990 and for some unknown reason it  became the most popular.  Unfortunately, they changed their style to much  more mainstream and trendy-like.  After Operation: Mindcrime, Queensryche's  quality of music and style have changed for the worse and this album is a  definite letdown.  While this album is still good, it is not in the same  league as the albums before it.
0345349571|5.0|The &quot;waning of the Middle Ages&quot; is the argot of the scholar.  Tuchman perfers to explore the &quot;collapsing assumptions&quot; of that  era, thus contemporizing the respective calamities of the 14th and 20th  centuries. The power of the book lies in the detail.
B000002UZ6|5.0|Tina Turner... The very best on one CD!
B000001DTM|5.0|This album was a mixture of there older stles of War and Joshua Tree, with  a new additude.  Buy it you wont be disappointed
B000006NPY|5.0|Touching. The entire CD is beatiful work by Billy and the band. It  explores a more quiet and somber side to the group and shows what they are  capable of. From the sarcastic dark side to Ava Adore to the beautiful  softness of Blank Page. They vary on the songs which really makes it a  great album. It really touched me on a lot of scales and made me think. I  love it everytime I hear it and I would definetly recomend it.
0671001256|4.0|THis work is absollutely brilliant.  Althoug it often gets lost when  compared to Fitzgeralds other works, it is still among the best works that  arose from the 'lost generation.'  Although it follows, in many ways,  fitzgerald's usual style, it is very different from his other works.  This  is a true classic and a must read for any fan of modernism.
0446364495|1.0|Inane and trite, made exponentially more so by the fact that author was so  clearly trying to be deep and spiritual.  This book is the opposite of a  love story, as we are supposed to sympathize with and feel for a woman  having no more and no less than an affair with a man she just met.  On top  of that, she does it amidst prose that made me alternately laugh and throw  the book across the room.
0802130208|5.0|I think the funniest aspect of this book is how the author portrays  someone who thinks he's a lot smarter than he really is. The opportunities  to spot and appreciate that disparity are legion. This book didn't just  make me laugh out loud, it made me howl. I laughed myself silly to the  point of tears. The images conjured up by Kennedy's masterful descriptions  are so ridiculous that if you ever saw it in real life, you'd piss  yourself. The only author that has ever come close to evoking the same  reaction from me is P.G. Wodehouse, and even he just gets hearty chuckles,  nothing like the put-the-book-down-tilt-your-head-back-and-squawk reactions  that this book delivers. This book capitalizes on the subtle quirks of  simple people and the skewed logic with which they view the world around  them. And while you laugh at these people, you occasionally have to check  yourself for doing and thinking some of the exact things the characters do.  That is what drives the humor home. Do yourself a favor and buy this book.
B000002HMH|2.0|O.K., boys, nice try, but for making your fans wait so long only to put  out this??  It's not metal, it's alternative!!  It may be very good,  especially compared to the rest of todays music, but it is just not what  everyone was expecting.
B000002H97|5.0|This is the culmination of years of hard work... yet the last good album  to be made by Metallica...
B000002H33|5.0|The last album to be recorded with original bassist Cliff Burton, it  displays the raw energy that had pervaded the band through the early years.
031218087X|4.0|Techies under attack by computer nerd... Great fun.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill has done an excellent job with her first solo effort.  I  bought the CD the day it was released and have listened to it practically  everyday since then.  I've heard other people say that the CD is too  &quot;preachy&quot;.  I couldn't disagree more.  It's refreshing to hear a  musician that takes her talent seriously and tries to express positivity.
B000002B2T|5.0|Some Unique Quality that has caused me to go beyond trying to find this CD  in any of the UK stores is contained within the lyrics and Music of this  very special album
B000005ITX|5.0|ONE OF MY TOP 5 FAVE ALBUMS EVER, AND I LIVE EAT BREATHE MUSIC. THE LYRICS  ARE INCREDIBLE, EVEN MORE BRILLIANT THAN DYLAN AT HIS BEST...THE MELODIES  ARE EERIE, GORGEOUS...IT'S EVERYTHING HANGING OUT ON SUNSET STRIP, L.A. IN  1967 MUST HAVE BEEN LIKE.  IT IS A FAULTLESS ALBUM.  EVEN THE SLIGHT  CHEESINESS HERE AND THERE ONLY ADDS TO ITS GREATNESS. IT'S LIKE BEING 9 AND  EATING SWEET CEREAL FOR BREAKFAST AT THE BEGINNING OF A SUNNY, LONG ACTION  PACKED SATURDAY IN TREE-HOUSES AND ON MINI-BIKES IN CALIFORNIA.  HEAR IT  AND BE &quot;forever changed...&quot;  COLEEN TOEWS
B00000ADG2|5.0|This album is fantastic.  It has everything.  She brings every emotion a  woman has ever had to the forefront.  &quot;TO Zion&quot; is quite possibly  the strongest song on the album.  She brought the pain, agony, and delight  every woman has when she is confronted with an unplanned pregnancy.  But  she handles it with style and grace.  Lauryn will, in time, take her place  amongst the REAL divas in the music biz  (Chaka, Aretha, Patti, Gladys, and  Dionne.  Can't wait to hear more from her in the future.
B000002KHF|5.0|There is simply no other way to describe this album.  It was my first Van  CD and opened my eyes to a soulfulness the likes of which I had never  witnessed.  Spiritually emancipating and chillingly romantic, this CD is a  classic.
B000002UKS|5.0|The Colour and the Shape is the best album I have ever heard.  Every  single song is great.  All the Foo Fighters stuff is new and smart.  I love  Monkey Wrench, My Hero, Enough Space, and Everlong.  This album is the  bomb!
B000006MS3|5.0|Difficult, scary, charming, bizarre and enchanting. There has never been  another album like it, and there probably never will be. With sounds so  complex and rich, this is an album that has to slowly grow on you. It's sat  in my collection for years between listens, and only after going back to it  time and again have I come to understand its genius. Kate truly outdid  herself here, creating an unusual, timeless classic that will continue to  confuse and delight fans of uncommon music for years to come.
1573226521|5.0|I read &quot;The Beach&quot; over a weekend, just couldn't put it down. It  had the right mix of suspense and travel-adventure to keep me going. I am  really looking forward to Alex Garland's next novel.<br />Yes, it isn't a  literary work of art, but who says it has to be? It is, simply put, a very  enjoyable read! Buy it or borrow it but give it a go! You won't regret it!
0812550706|5.0|I read alot of sci-fi - a book every week or two. I sometimes read many  several books over several months before I find a really good one. This  book is one of those really really good ones!  Buy this one!!
0804106304|5.0|This book was on my English class reading list, and I chose it without  really expecting much.  I was pleasently surprised.  Though it may not be  accurate to modern China (I'd like to point out, however, that the parts of  the story that take place in China weren't really modern, although I'm  afraid I know less than nothing about the culture-unless you count  Mulan...*g*) it was still a beautifully written story.  In my experience,  it is very rare that you find a book from which you wish that you could  memorize lines, paragraphs, and pages to quote back to yourself, and this  is just such a book.  It is a bit stereotypical (of Chinese and American  cultures in general) but is such a beautiful reading experience that it is  worth putting up with a few immoral, dense modern daughers and patient,  suffering mothers just to get to enjoy well crafted stories and thought  provoking imagry.
B000002HRE|5.0|I am as hardcore fanboy as you can be when it comes to Metallica.  I have  been listening to them for over ten years and have every release they've  ever put out, from Kill 'Em All to this album, Re-Load so I know what  they've sounded like in the past and realize the black and white contrast  between old and new BUT the guys are who they've always been.  Metallica  cannot put out a bad album, though I think this one isn't a colossal album.  Mind you this one and Load was to be a double disc album together-if it had  been orginally created as a stand alone album, I think some people would  have liked it more.  For those of you who think Metallica have lost the  heaviness, you haven't attended one of their concerts this summer--the guys  are just as loud, fast and heavy as they ever were--they've lost  nothing...I take that back, they have lost something---they've lost those  posers who keep wanting them to rehash Master of Puppets over and over  again.  Metallica reign supreme no matter what they do. I'm looking forward  to Nov. 17th---watch the record shelves....
B00000263T|5.0|&quot;The year is 1999, the human race has to face it&quot;  It is almost  1999 by now and it has been more than 15 years I first listened to this  album. The songs have classical tunes; they are melodic, they are harmonic,  yet they have the power of heavy metal in them. I recommend it to anyone  who ever enjoyed Heavy Metal.
B0000009OP|5.0|Morphine has to be one of the most unique bands around. A singer who plays  a two-string bass, a drummer, and a guy who plays two saxes at once! But  they're not just a gimmick....they make really fantastic music. Between the  raunch of Buena and the fire-and-brimstone wailing of Thursday lies the  heavenly In Spite of Me, which to this day is one of the most beautiful  songs I've heard.
1559723505|5.0|When I bought the book, I thought I was &quot;highly&quot; sensitive.  Thank to it, I learned I'm just &quot;sensitive&quot;, but the book helped  me a lot, anyway...
0399143904|1.0|I've read all of Clancy's major novels, and this one was boring. I  finished it (simply to see how the story turned out), but it took me three  weeks and wasn't very enjoyable.<br />The armed services men are great, men  are strong (but can't handle babies), corporations need to be watched very  closely (the're so prone to evil), and environmentalists are the enemy.  These themes are all laid on over and over again.<br />This book and Cardinal  of the Kremlin will go down as Clancy failures. My copy will be available  at my library used book sale for a dollar.
B0000057C5|4.0|Wow....I mean, I like industrial music, but this TOTALLY took me off  guard.  I do speak a little german, and from the first time I heard Du Hast  on the radio, I was hooked.  GREAT ALBUM.
0486281523|5.0|Martin Gardner made this book excellent by putting in rare mathematical  and logical puzzles.  I found that throughout the entire book, I only knew  one puzzle previously.  He includes descriptive answers and puts in  feedback from those who found different or better solutions.  He also talks  about any thoughts you might have that aren't in the solution, but closely  related.  I recommend this book, as it's one of the few that isn't filled  with word puzzles.  If you are looking for a book that makes you think,  this is it.
1573226521|4.0|I liked the descriptions of Thailand and these &quot;travelers&quot; who  occupied the beach.  The story definitely kept me interested and I would  recommend it.
0375403477|5.0|Clancy delivers again as only he, the great master of the techno-thriller,  can.
6304240562|5.0|This well-crafted, brilliantly directed and addictive movie. has changed  the face of horror, it is with out a doubt the best zombie movie ever made.  It is definetly worth buying, I'm proud to have it in my collection.     END
0399143904|5.0|It was easier for me to predict what was coming next than it has ever been  when reading a Clancy novel.  But it's not meant to be a mystery.  It's a  wake up call to those who want so desperately to believe that the fall of  the Berlin wall was the end of megalomaniacs willing to hurt and kill  humans for their own causes.  I'm currently reading The Rise and Fall of  the Third Reich.  I recommend it to all those who think the Rainbow Six  plot is paranoid and unrealistic.  Between the two wars to end all wars the  European leaders, led by British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, did  everything they could to APPEASE Hitler who didn't want to be appeased.  Hitler just wanted it all, his way!  The European leaders broke their  treaties with one another and GAVE Hitler both Austria and Chechoslovakia  when he demanded them. Did that stop him from killing, torturing, etc.  millions and millions of humans in his attempt to cleanse the world of  those humans he believed were POLLUTING the world?  Did that stop Mengele  from EXPERIMENTING ON HUMANS???  Remember - World War I was called  &quot;The War To End All Wars&quot; and the world really believed a Hitler  was not possible and/or that he could be negotiated with and appeased.  &quot;Positive Thinking&quot; did not work then and it won't work now.  Rainbow Six six is a realistic and hopeful book.  It's saying that if we  remember history and stay prepared we can prevent the terrorists of our  time from escalating the world into a THIRD WORLD WAR!
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam is one of if not the premier rock band of the '90's and I think  that their ability to look within themselves on their past few albums has  scared many fair weather fans away, but for those who haven't dismissed  them, Yield rewards them with their most complete and solidly musical album  since 'Ten.' Just listening to the lyrics of this CD is enough to realize  its greatness. Although Pearl Jam has always been a band which did not fear  questioning their own place, no clearer have the answers ever been then in  'Yield.' The title itself seems to say it all, they have fought against  what they felt was wrong in the Rock industry, and have realized their  limits in who and what they can reach. With this album, they have yielded,  but not stopped in this quest. Simply put, they have learned to choose  their battles. As 'No Way' states, 'I'm not trying to make a difference,no  way.' ,and how Ed explains on the 11th track that he is 'In hiding.'  Perhaps I am biased because Pearl Jam is my favorite band, but anyone who  gives their music an honest shot and does not look for the instant  gratification that 'Ten' provided will see the true beauty and purity of  their music. They mean so much to me that if I ever win the lottery, I want  to have a party and Pearl Jam to play there, though I know that the money  is not their primary concern.
0440224764|4.0|There's nothing as delicious as seeing theives steal from thieves and  Patrick Lanigan does it as tastily as can be. Grisham is as always the  masterly story teller. Aside from the compulsive way in which the tale  unfolds the local flavor of Biloxi comes out in both the characters and the  setting. Somtimes Patrick seems too clever to be real, but the twists and  turns of the story are so wicked that one could forgive Grisham for just a  bit of overkill. I did not find the ending as bad as some readers did.  Perhaps I did not develop an attachment to Patrick as some readers had and  was sort of expecting the outcome-come on Grisham you could be a little  less predictable-and laughed out loud at it. I was sort of expecting a  scene in which Patrick engages the services of the John Stephano character  though. How's that for irony? All in all another very good, if not great  (like Pelican Brief) Grisham. Read it if you can risk the twist ending.
B000005ITX|5.0|The song &quot;Maybe The People Would Be The Times Or                                                              Between Clark And Hilldale&quot; is,  in my humble opinion, one of the best 10 songs of the last 3 decades.   Fabulous beat, lovely combination of instruments.  There are lots of good  songs on this album, but this one outshines them all.
0440214041|4.0|I like this kind of thing! You've got murders, a big business conspiracy  and that southern texture and flavour that Grisham is known for. Result?  One of the author's best novels. Okay, Okay, maybe it strains crediblity at  times, but Grisham's story telling skill draws your attention away from  such mundane matters and takes you into the world of an intricate and  deadly conspiracy. I'll definitely be reading this again.!
0062502182|4.0|The happy man lives as many days as the sad man, and even an extra day.   Some people say that, and may be right.  Is it necessary for a good book to  be liked by many?  Coehlo's story will surely encounter brave criticisms,  and even some indolence.  Personally, I will find it difficult to forget.   Not to say that it is &quot;elegant&quot; literature: it isn't, and the  story is poorly told most of the time.  The good thing about Coehlo is that  he stands aside and should stand aside, while his fable remains at center  stage.  When a book, like a painting, carries a great maxim for the reader,  it should be remembered in good faith.
630451087X|5.0|It's easy for the hard-core Lynch fan to love this movie.  It's got all  the traditional Lynchian motifs, and then some:  severe head injuries,  blueish electricity, the supernatural, the dream-like. But Lynch newcomers  can appreciate the story as well!  The trick is to not ask any questions  while watching the movie.  Don't try to follow the logic of the story right  off.  Maybe there isn;t any logic, or maybe it's LYNCH's LOGIC.  Heheheh.  At any rate, the film is stellar no matter how you look at it.  Moody,  semi-psycho performance from Bill Pullman is probably his best role to  date, aside from perhaps The Zero Effect.  Patricia Arquette plays both a  blonde and a brunette to startling effect, and her full lips fill up the  screen beautifully. And who could forget Robert Blake as the Mystery Man!  No combination of spooky make-up, fantastic lighting and prime direction  could have evoked the sheer terror that Blake's face does. To sum up, this  movie is a must see!  (Don't listen to anything Roger Ebert says.  He's a  punk.)  END
B000002KH3|5.0|For fans of the current Van Halen, or of the Sammy era who haven't  listened to the earlier stuff, this album is a must have.  It is a rawer,  more earthy VH than we're used to, and it reminds us of where the Gods  started out.  It is one of the CDs that you simply must own.  From the  opening track straight through to the closer, you cannot find a more  powerful show of muscianship.  Don't miss it.
0792151712|3.0|This movie is worth seeing one time for the special effects. They are far  superior to the 1950 movie &quot;A night to remember&quot;, particularly at  the end of the story.  (The scene near the end with DiCaprio looking down  at the water from the stern of the Titanic is stunning, to say the  least.)<br />However, I feel that overall, the film &quot;A night to  Remember&quot; is superior to this movie in recreating the feeling of that  night.<br />The Captain was portayed as being incompetent and somewhat  cowardly, which by all accounts he was just the opposite; the orchestra was  actually playing happy music the night of the sinking, up till the end; 2ND  Officer Lightoller was not in the movie, even though he was one of the few  surviving officers; they didn't have a scene of some of the survivors  sturggling to stay afloat on the overturned collapsable lifeboat  (Lightoller was on there.); they didn't show Phillips in the radio room,  staying at his post way past the &quot;bitter end&quot;. In general, I  would have expected more scenes with the officers. They didn't include any  drama about the Californian - a ship just 10 miles away which was close  enough to rescue all of the passengers.<br />For 3 1/2 hours, the movie could  have spent more time with some of the more memorable events, especially  since &quot;A night to remember&quot; does so in two hours running time.     END
B000002J7U|5.0|The CD transitions smoothly from a very powerful and stirring title track,  to gentler and lush melodies. Title 5 (Ask the Mountains) has the purest  voice I have ever heard. The rhythm then picks up again on the last two  tracks. I find the style very similar to Oceanic. Whereas Oceanic feels  blue and watery, Voices feels like a dark night with bright, clear stars.
B000002C2E|5.0|Dylan gets you right in the heart with his simple, humble lyrics, and the  integrity-driven tapestry he weaves throughout this album. It puts you  directly in his shoes, and it's a comfort to know that there is someone  else out there who has most certainly stood in yours. Bravo!
B000002NFM|5.0|I love this CD.<br />This is almost everyday in my CD-ROM Unit in my computer  when I'm programming or chatting or surfing the net. I love it!!
0060926317|5.0|If you have read the book of Ramtha than you know what I amtalking about. Words can hardly describe the feeling you get fromreading these two books. The belief structures between the teachings of Ramtha and the system by which Marlo Morgan describes the Aborigines as living by is outstanding.  A truth to be remembered.
B000002HEM|5.0|I love every single on this album: not just the songs themselves, but the  unplugged  rendition.  &quot;Like the Weather,&quot; &quot;What's the  Matter Here?&quot; and &quot;Trouble Me&quot; are repeat-winners, songs  that could inhabit in my stereo forever.  Never has there been an album in  which the total product is superb, each song worth the buying the album  alone, with the exception to Sarah McLachlan's &quot;Surfacing.&quot;   Natalie Merchant knows how to give a live performance that is even better  than the studio.  No wonder I had an absolute blast at Lilith Fair this  year.
B000000WCV|5.0|I first heard of Daft Punk during a MTV year end review. Obscure as the  group was to me, I took a risk and purchased the album. I was more than  pleasantly surprised. The diverse beats are interwoven in an intelligent,  yet &quot;playful&quot; manner. A good audio system will allow a more  thorough appreciation of how intricate the music really is. This album has  been on heavy rotation in my CD player for quite a while. Fighting the urge  to dance with this one is impossible. SUPERB. A MUST FOR BEAT NUTS!!!
0345350499|5.0|When I picked up this book, I was 14. I've reread it many times. Before I  read it, I never looked much further than the surface of anything-slowly, I  began to change as the book made me realize that value is hidden beneath  the surface of everything.  The beauty of the prose took my breath away.  The action kept my fanny moored to more chairs than you can imagine. I  wept, talked to the characters and finally, gave a tearful smile. It was  the book that changed my life - and more than entertained, opened my mind  to new, fascinating ideas.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album mesmerizes.  You will get hooked on Paranoid Android and Karma  Police, then yeild to the soft beauty of No Alarms and Exit Music, and  finally understand the intense longing and sense of helplessness in Lucky  and Let Down.  The droning, gut-wrenching &quot;Fitter, Happier&quot; will  speak to you from beyond the death of humanity.  On their third major  album, Radiohead has redefined music as few other bands have.  In sheer  importance, this album ranks with The Beatles' &quot;White Album,&quot;  Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall,&quot; and U2's &quot;Joshua Tree.&quot;  This  is quite simply the most intelligent band in the music industry today.  Absolutely stunning.
B000000W74|4.0|Well, it is a formitabble artist and that's a solid music he plays.  The  title song &quot;Chill Out&quot; is stagerrengly cool. It is almost cold  and far away.  Others are in more or less warm bluesy spirit.<br />Generally -  ver nice album fro those who like blues. Enjoy.
B000002HRE|1.0|The only worse dissapointment was their previous album, &quot;Load,&quot;  but that was a better album than this piece of garbage. A person who likes  this CD is one who is very inexperienced in music, I've noticed this many  times. Take a look at what we have here: James' quickly worsening voice,  terrible song and sound production, solos that are NEVER unique, the same  bluesy type riffs in every song, and NO emotion in any of the songs. They  got all the money they need from &quot;the black album,&quot; so why the  hell don't they just stop writing music? They've already ruined their  legendary status and are wasting our time (us being the fans that were with  them from the beginning).
0441172717|5.0|No one, nobody can possibly overdo the immense task of creating such an  amazing, complex and profound frame for a story like Frank Herbert has  done. The unbelievable depth his thinking takes us, the incredible charm of  a feudal way of living in the depths of outer space, is something that  really is beyond anybodys expectations. The teachings about enviroment,  about the autocratic rule of emperors, the &quot;noblesse oblige&quot; that  you find in the Great Houses Covenant are things that everyone in this  world should be aware of. If you want to search in you deepest roots, if  you want a book that can shatter and remake your way of thinking and  living, then this series is for you. All the six titles have something to  teach in bravery, fight against destiny, family, tradition and needed  changes. Please go for it because it certainly deserves one star more than  any other book sold here.
B000002VC3|5.0|From the first few notes to the end, this album will grab you and you'll  be hooked.  Mesmerizing, complex, sophisticated, intriguing, and  breathtaking.  IMO, one of the most underrated albums on the market.  It's  a must-buy for APP fans and all music lovers.
B000002J1S|5.0|I started my Genesis collection with an 8 track version  (borrowed) of  Trick of the Tail back in 1976 - Freshman Year of College/1st finals week.   It kept me company during repeated all night cramming sessions fueled by  funny little white pills.  When it was over, I knew I needed to hear more  Genesis - a lot more (even though I hadn't made the Gabriel connection  yet)......Chance led me to a underground record store and a copy of  Trespass.  My life changed....I can go on and on and on about the impact  that the Gabriel era Genesis albums had on me, but I think Lamb stands on  top as the most complete effort.  I read years ago that Gabriel after SEBTP  had a foot out the door from the band (see Solsbury Hill) and that he wrote  the Lamb lyrics completely independant from the band (and conversely they  wrote all the music without Gabriel's input)which makes the end result even  that much more amazing.  Get this one for your collection.  It has no peer.   Unless you like Michael Bolton...just kidding
B000001ZS4|5.0|I have purchased all of Jarre's records over the years, but none has  rivaled EQUINOXE, which IMO is one of the greatest albums ever produced.   Do you think I'm exaggerating?  Purchase the CD, pop it in a superior  stereo system, close the door, turn out the lights, lie down and close your  eyes, start the music and be prepared to be blown away...
B00000AFWW|4.0|This album is very different from what we have seen from Hole in the past.  The lyrics and the songs are not as harsh and heavy. Celebrity Skin is by  no means a continuation of Asking For It. Hole has adopted a new sound, but  still keep their qualities than true fans are looking for.  &quot;Awful&quot; seems more inspired by the Go-Gos than Nirvana. One of  the highlights, Northern Star, is definately one to tune in on. The  instrumentals on that song seems to point to a PJ Harvey kind of sound. As  time progresses Hole is moving away towards their alternative roots, and  climbing towards a more pop sound. If you like Hole for the graphic lyrics,  screaming, and heavy guitar, you won't find it here. On my first listen, I  was disapointed, but as I kept replaying the album, I grew to like it more  and more.
B000002L9B|5.0|The Under a Cherry Moon Soundtrack is definitely Prince's masterpiece.   And the movie shows what a talent he is.  It is a must have for any Prince  fan.
B000002J23|3.0|Released at the tail-end of the classic progressive rock era of the '70s,  Drama saw a new Yes lineup in a return to form of sorts. Reminiscent of The  Yes Album in its tight arrangements and song setup (one short song  sandwiched by two epics per vinyl album side) Drama was the first Yes album  minus founder Jon Anderson on lead vocals (replaced by Buggle Trevor Horn,  in a vain but valliant attempt to reach those high notes), and thus lacks  credibility with many Yes fans. However, with resplendent Roger Dean art  work gracing the cover and strong tracks like Machine Messiah and Into The  Lens, Drama certainly displayed more creative and artistic energy than the  tepid, highly disappointing previous LP, Tormato, or the more commercial  material of the subsequent Trevor Rabin lineup. An enigmatic album in the  band's catalog, Drama is nonetheless recommended.
0964385619|5.0|I purchased the book last night and stayed up until 3:00 am to finish it.  Phenomenal!
0812550706|5.0|Aliens have attacked earth twice but failed.  The military needs to breed  geniuses incase the aliens decide to invade once more.  One of those  geniuses is Andrew &quot;Ender&quot; Wiggin.  Does he have the guts and the  brains to save the earth?
0679457313|5.0|After a long time -  a book based in India that is not one-dimensional or  cliched. The language and the story brings Kerala alive and also brings to  the fore a host of other emotions. Just some of the words and phrases used  are so fascinating. when she's talking about Ammu's death at the age of 31  - &quot;Not young, not old, but a viable dieable age&quot;. The sense of  tragedy with Sophie Mol and Velutha is so palpable but at other times keeps  drifting in the background. You hope that all will be well but somewhere  Arundhati Roy keeps giving you the feeling that - 'Hey - this is life,  fantasize if you want, but reality is reality and you can't escape  it.'<br />Fabulous Read. Buy the hard cover version. You would want to keep  this book for your grandchildren.
B000002KHF|5.0|Into The Mystic still brings me to tears everytime I hear it.<br />I can't  imagine a home without a copy of Moondance...  how do people live like  that?
B000002U9L|5.0|Most reviews of David Bowie's life erroneously leave out his wonderful  work in film--such as &quot;Labyrinth&quot; and &quot;The Hunger.&quot;  Bowie lends an air of true magic to &quot;Labyrinth&quot;, both with his  screen presence and with his music and haunting voice. He is a genius, in  the real sense of the word. Anyone captured by this movie/soundtrack once  will never be the same.
B000002H6C|5.0|Almost ten years after this album came out (I bought it the first day) I  still listen to it at least once or twice a week. As a lifelong metalhead,  I think this album sets a standard miles above what any other metal album  has ever attained. The absolute, sheer technical mastery displayed on  tracks like One and And Justice For All and the austere majesty of the  instrumental To Live Is To Die make it all the more tragic that Metallica  dumbed down their music after this magnum opus, which is not speed metal  but rather a very heavy, powerful, dark, certain, intense musical vision. I  think musically and technically it's easily superior to Master of Puppets  (but hey, buy 'em both!) - plus it cranks like a mother! This is the album  to anchor any metal or hard rock collection.
B000002U9E|5.0|This was the CD that introduced me to the work of Kate Bush. A great  variety of styles and musical ideas in a wonderful CD that lets the  listener dream of places and people. Wonderful with sensible lyrics. A must  have.
B000000WA2|5.0|I disagree totally with Thomas from Arkansas.  This recording is  brilliant.  I don't care if Blur never &quot;makes&quot; it in America  because they &quot;sound so British.&quot;  THAT is one of the things that  makes them wonderful.  Here's to hoping that Blur, unlike their rivals  Oasis, are never seduced into writing and recording for the American pop  charts...  STAY BRITISH, BLUR!!!!!  YOU'RE GREAT!
1573226521|4.0|Life here is peaceful, close your eyes and imagine for yourself, a little  island in Thailand surrounded by corrals and beautiful blue water, the sand  is warm and white and fish are plenty.  A look onto land you can see dense  tropical like forest with animals like monkeys and fruit like papaya.  The  only sound in your ears is birds singing and the waves crashing against the  shore.<BR> SNAP.. back to reality, car horns blaring, thick smog coating  the sky grey.  Now you have an idea why people left to go live on this  island.  Okay, enter Richard (Leo DiCaprio).. chain smoking backpacker  shacked up in a shabby motel with all sorts or interesting characters  around.  At night as he lies on the bed smoking he can hear the sounds of  the young french couple above him and the estranged marijuana smoker in the  next room.  After a series of exciting, yet traumatizing events Richard  finds himself on the way to the island of paradise with Ethan and  Francoise, the french couple, armed with only a map drawn by a crazy man.  The adventure to the island is exciting as is Richard's infatuation with  Francoise.  Upon arrival to the island otherwise known as Eden, they are  happily accepted into the culture of the inhabitants.  However, if that was  the end it wouldn't be worth reading.  No, there is turmoil caused by  unexpected problems and before long there is havoc in the village.  So what  is the out come you're wondering?  Well you'll just have to read the book  for yourself to find out what becomes of Richard.
B000002KIE|5.0|i have been listening to punk for years and have dozens of punk albums.  there is only one that i just can't stop listening to and That is Never  mind the... The pistols have and always be the greatest punk rawk band. The  whole album is good i love every song. so sod off all you wankers
0062502174|5.0|I have my gifted seniors read this book before they head off to cash in  their huge college scholarships all across the United States.  They ALL  love The Alchemist.  This book sends us on the path to our destiny both  away and home through the magic that directs all of our lives.
B000000OSW|5.0|From the opening sounds of haunting bagpipes, to the every so quiet  &quot;Shhh..listen&quot; of the last song, this album is 100 percent  emotion. &quot;Come talk to me&quot; is the anthem of every relationship  hindered by miscommunication.   Unless you have no heart, you WILL feel a  ping of sadness while listening to &quot;Washing of the water&quot;   PG  even accuratly portrays the emotions of watching a signifigant other's most  mundane actions in &quot;Secret world.&quot;   If you only have room to  take 10 CDs, pack this one first.
B000002VSN|5.0|I very much enjoy this CD of black gospel songs. Its message is one of joy  and faith.  After listening to it while I walk every day I am energized.   Furthermore, as a church librarian and personally, this CD has helped  introduce me to black gospel and I am now adding some black gospel CDs to  our collection at our predominantly white Lutheran church and to my own  collection at home.  Black gospel seems so sincere to me compared to  contemporary Christian music which often seems kind of slick.  Other church  members feel the same way and have asked me to add these to our collection  as well.  Even my daughter responded to the lyrics--when she heard the  song, &quot;I Go to the Rock,&quot; she asked, &quot;Mom, why are they  singing about rocks?&quot; So this album reaches everyone, you see, which  is so very cool, don't you agree? Keep singing, Whitney, and the Georgia  Mass Choir.  You made a terrific album! Thanks!
067101756X|5.0|This book is great!  Everybody should read this one.  Many people are  still sceptical about the events of Roswell, but when you read this one,  you will understand exactly what happened.
0553473328|5.0|I have read this book and series at least 10 times and I am in the process  of completeing number 11.  If you like books with lots of action but with  just a sprinkle of romance mixed in you will love this and all her books!!!
1560100842|5.0|I am a first year student for computer animation. This book has helped me  a lot in my projects and I have learned some great techniques that I can  now apply to other classes. If you are a student this is a must have book  for your library!!!
0380778556|4.0|This book is very good.  I had seen the moie and enjoyed it so I read a  copy of my grandmother's.  As said in other reviews it was terribly boring  from the beginning to middle.  The second half is however unparelled by  many others.  The writer has my vote whenit comes to suspense and surprise  books.
B000002KIE|5.0|Twenty-one years later, &quot;Nevermind The Bullocks&quot; remains the  most expressive, revolutionary record in the history of rock. Nothing has  come since that has so irrevocably changed the way we listen to music.  The  Pistols make us sneer at Carly Simon's self-congratulating poetry.  We are  encouraged to laugh at the mainstreaming of Billy Idol, Debbie Harry, and  yes, even Johnny Lydon.  After &quot;Nevermind&quot; we cannot be fooled by  simply melodrama.  To hear- really hear- the Pistols is to forever lose  access to the Michael Boltons of this world.  This record taught us how to  listen to music all over again.
B000001E7T|5.0|PJ Harvey continues to be one of those artisits who choose to evolve on To  Bring You My Love. Instead of dwelling on the structure of Rid Of Me (which  wouldn't be so bad) she decides to do some drum 'n bass on Working For The  Man or the polished strings of C'mon Billy and the racy evocative Down By  The Water. This album is a classic, each track kicks ass. Big fans who  except another Rid Of Me should think otherwise. Still a REALLY good album
0425163407|3.0|I am a first-time Cornwell reader, and enjoyed this novel very much.  I  liked how she developed the characters (even the minor ones) and although  the idea of a biological terrorist is nothing new, I felt she presented  this one in an original way.  The book kept me on the edge of my seat  throughout, until the terrorist's motivations were explained.  I felt like  I was missing something.  As a huge fan of Jonathan Kellerman, whose Alex  Delaware novels dig deep into the madman's reasoning for his crimes, I was  disappointed at the &quot;why&quot; factor for all the mayhem.  However, I  was thoroughly entertained and look forward to reading another of Ms.  Cornwell's books.
0399143904|5.0|As usual, Tom Clancy seems to have tweeked a few &quot;Left Wingers&quot;  with his drawing a definite line between right and wrong.  People that are  so offended by Clancy's portrayal of left wing fringe groups would be  better off going to their &quot;candlelight vigils&quot; and reading John  Grisham.    Once again,  Tom Clancy has written a thought provoking  thriller that me turning pages so fast that I didn't have time to look for  &quot;Spelling and/or Grammatical errors.  As Clancy carefully weaves his  plot and builds to a suspenseful climax, I'm taken to another place and  time where there are real heroes.  I highly recommend this to  all REAL  Clancy fans and I can't wait for the next one.
0399143904|2.0|I forgot it on the train in London after 300 pages. I was inititally  upset, but had absolutely no desire to purchase it again. Sorry Tom, but  you blew this one. Where is the twisted plot that uses the 150 pages for  plot foundation and another 800 to unwind? It read more like a  Grisham...not a thinker, just a time passer.
6304913176|1.0|&quot;Starship Troopers&quot; is a movie that features some of the most  beautiful young actors and actresses in its cast, only to have them all  upstaged by computer-generated bugs in a film so badly directed,  simplistically written, and worthlessly acted the movie would truly be a  B-Movie dive not even profitable enough for video release if not for  director Paul Verhoven's megabucks spent on special effects.  To compare  this farce to &quot;Star Wars.&quot; as some reviewers have, is nothing  more than cinematic blasphemy.  This thing isn't even worth sharing the  stage with &quot;Krull&quot; or &quot;Yor.&quot;  Set in the future where  the human race must take on a species of bugs that threaten to destroy the  earth, the film ornaments itself with beautiful people and great effects to  cover-up its subliminal and disgusting glorification of Nazism, not to  mention its mindless plot.  In all, the film is a sad reminder that the era  of great science fiction films has perhaps passed us by.  END
B000002UR7|5.0|It's the CD with two versions of Creep in it (the &quot;radio&quot;  version - &quot;you're so very special&quot; and the &quot;normal&quot;  version - &quot;you're so f**king special&quot;); 'nuff said.  Well,  almost.  If you consider yourself a fan of alternative, modern, or just 90s  rock, you need this CD.
B000002HJR|5.0|This is one of my favorite discs of the 90's.  I'm real glad Phil and the  boys are working on a new one as we speak.  Now if only he can get  Superjoint out there.  Hey, I wonder if Phil knows Poppy Z. Brite  considering they both live in New Orleans?  Maybe he can get her to do some  spoken word on the new Down disc.  Nola is rough and straight from the  heart--great work!
B00000BKDW|5.0|Aces High, Two Minutes to Midnight, Powerslave and The Rime of the Ancient  Mariner made this album an instant classic and the foundation of their 16  month 'World Slavery' tour.  Ranks with The Number of the Beast as their  two best albums and among the best heavy metal has ever produced.
0399143904|2.0|Just for the record, I am a big Tom Clancy fan.  Having read all of his  fiction works, I hope I can deliver a balanced few of Rainbow Six.<br />Hidden  within those 700 and some pages, it is possible to glimpse the outline of a  good techno-thriller as only Clancy could write.  Unfortunately, it seems  that Mr. Clancy has forgotten how to go beyond an outline.  He punches in  some action sequences, takes the requisite stance for good, and provides a  little commentary, but just can't seem to get beyond what should come just  before the commercial break.  At no time is the reader drawn to care about  the characters, even though Clancy makes a heavy handed attempt by  threatening the wives and children of Clark and Chavez.  There is more  character development in the first 20 pages of &quot;Cardinal of the  Kremlin&quot; than in all of Rainbow Six.<br />In regard to the politics  involved, I must admit that I am in no way surprised that Mr. Clancy is  very Conservative.  Nevertheless, I am disappointed that he has decided to  preach rather than use comparison and contrast to make his point.  I  understand what he is attempting to say, and even agree with him at times,  but would have preferred a less simplistic and demeaning approach.<br />One  question that I was left with at the end of the book was, &quot;Is there so  little real political and philosophical conflict left in the world that Mr.  Clancy must rely upon unbelievable fantasy?&quot;  Russia is teetering on  collapse, the Middle East is quickly coming apart, and revolution and  separatism are brewing to varying degrees on our northern and southern  borders.  Is there not a story in there somewhere?<br />For those of you  contemplating whether to purchase Rainbow Six, I would recommend waiting  for the paperback.  Better yet, try out the computer game by the same name.
B000004286|4.0|This CD is pretty good.  However, different versions of the main theme are  about all that this CD is.  James Horner's musical ideas are very  repetitive.  When I hear some of this CD, I can't tell whether  &quot;Titanic&quot; or &quot;Braveheart&quot; is playing. They are quite  similar.  Overall, a good CD.
B00000AFWW|3.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  The first thing you notice is the crystal-clear  jangly pop guitar, reminiscent of the Connells or Out of Time-era R.E.M.  Then you hear the voice-lesson-enhanced (a la Liz Phair) vocals,  reminiscent of Stevie Nicks of Sarah McLachlan.  Sell-out?  Oh, absolutely.  But it doesn't necessarily suck.  A few of the radio-friendly tunes (most  notably the Billy Corgan-composed title track and \\"Awful\\") are killer pop;  and a few others retain enough lyrical and vocal edginess to keep Hole at  least somewhat relevant.  But, let's be frank, the stunning Live Through  This was a one-time deal, helped immeasurably by the lyrical insights into  one of the central musical figures of recent times, Kurt Cobain, who killed  himself days before its release (not to mention some incredible but hard to  replicate songwriting).  That this one falls far short is no surprise; on  its own terms, there are enough reasonably good songs to make it marginally  worth owning.  But I probably would have preferred a harsh-sounding  ambitious failure to the highly polished but ultimately uninteresting disc  Courtney opted to release.  (Gotta admit, though, the video for the title  track almost makes MTV tolerable again.)
0395860210|5.0|The special power of this book is in showing how a man who went from high  school sports hero to US Marine to a successfull business man with a beauty  queen wife can have his life turned on its head when his daughter becomes a  terrorist and murderer in the late 60s.  It makes you question values about  family and country.  The reasearch that Roth has done on the fringe left  groups is also rather amazing, containing many small details that not many  would care to look for.
B00000AFDW|5.0|This albumn rocks!!!! The entire cd is classic Kiss, with a twist. From  &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; to &quot;I finally found my way&quot;, this album  is destined for greatness. The original four members have returned to show  the world what rock-n-roll is supposed to be.
B00000AFDW|4.0|The movie, the trading cards, the new comic books, the 3-D video and tour;  all of these are classic KISS but peripheral to what KISS &quot;is&quot;: a  band. That said, it's all for naught if the record doesn't rock, and this  CD freakin' rocks. Sure, it's full of cliches and self-reference to their  own legend; it's also full of killer riffs and memorable choruses. It's  crunchy, it's simple, it's badass. It's big and dumb. It's KISS in true  form, bigger and badder than they've been since 1982 (although I have to  admit loving 1992's &quot;Revenge.&quot;) I love this too. Welcome back  KISS!!!
B00000253N|5.0|Dylan had reached a crossroads in his life and music in the 70's. His  marraige was on the rocks and found himself adrift. Supposedly he took some  spirituality classes which tought him to do conscoiusly what he used to do  unconsciously, i.e. write great songs. They had stopped coming faster than  he could write them down, like they did in the 60's. The combination of  this therapy and tragedy is one of his top 2 albums and an absolute  masterpiece. If anyone tells you Dylan can't sing, throw on &quot;Simple  Twist of Fate&quot; and if they still say he can't sing, end that  relationship immediately.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Mechanical Albums is definitly one of the best albums I have ever heard.   Marilyn Manson has been going mainstream for quite sometime and he has  finally found a sound that will push him there.  It is a far cry from his  roots, however.  Portrait of an American Family, his first national  release, is still my favorite Manson album.  Its filled with chaotic guitar  riffs and more real lyrics.  It represents what the band was originally  about.  Mechanical Animals is a completly different album and the two can't  be compared.  I'm just looking forward to hearing his latest sound.
B00000255X|4.0|Bob created a gypsy sound for this album, and the songs are great.  supposedly he found the violinist when he was riding in a taxi in NYC, saw  her walking down the street with a violin case, liked the way she looked,  picked her up and brought her to rehearsal. that kind of roving spirit is  evident in the loose musicality of Isis, the great Hurricane, Mozambique  and the others. I'm not crazy about Joey, though. Definitely worth having,  DESIRE is one of Bob's hidden treasures.
0670880728|1.0|I read the Bridget Jones Diary in Dec 97 on a beach while on vacation (an  Irish friend sent it to me.)  It was definitely a page turner as I  swallowed it in one sitting.  I most certainly chuckled a bit and  empathized with bits and pieces.  I understand that the book evolved from a series of  newspaper columns penned in a tongue and cheek fashion so perhaps the  &quot;creation&quot; of a book was a bit forced.  I also found the book to  be very RETRO.  Not something a 90's liberated woman would relate too.  We  all whine about calories and guys and smug marrieds but we also are focused  on our jobs and our achievements and certainly aren't waiting for our  Prince to save us from daily drudgery.  Talk about Cinderella complex!  I  don't know about you, but my college grad female friend's purpose in going  to work isn't solely to moon over their boss. Even the &quot;Backlash&quot;  references belie a very outdated take on what it means to be a woman in the  90s even though the author mistakenly thought that by referring to a  popular feminist text (notice all popular feminist texts have been written  by American women since the Simone de Beauvoir days!), she had established  her character and the book's paradigm as a modern one.<br />Don't get me  wrong.  I am not an old school feminist.  I wear short skirts (but not as  short as Ally McBeal's....), enjoy flirting with men and  behave as I wish.   I enjoy being feminine and accomplished.   But I like to think I am in  control of my life and not in search of the salvation of a 50's wife in the  suburbs.<br />Everytime I have been to a business meeting in London, I have  either been denied a handshake or a a business card etc by some British  male in the meeting.  Definitely, feminism has about 15 years of  &quot;work&quot; before British women are self-emancipated.  (Where else  would a high school graduate with no skills and 20 years younger be  considered a most suitable spouse for the future king!!) (If Bridget were  to pooh pooh this I would point her to the &quot;married&quot; who was  driving hysterically through town once she discoverd her cash cow husband  was sleeping around with someone more interesting.  As a stay at home,  financially dependent wife, her picture was none too pretty.<br />I am not  surprised it was a best seller in London--I am surprised that so many of  you on this website have sung its praises.  New York Times Style section  ran a great critique of the book two months ago.  You should read it.
0964385619|5.0|If you don't like the way the &quot;system&quot; is treating you then you  have to get this book and start to follow the authors advice now! I was  amazed at how many examples he pointed to that pertained to my everyday  life. His insight into the life of the rich from his &quot;rich dad&quot;  is priceless. How I would have loved to have had that opportunity as a  child. This book is an easy read. In only 3 nights I was able to identify  many correctable bad habits I'd learned early in life. It's filled with  stories, examples, and insight that could change the way you view the  business/financial world. I'll strongly recommend it to my friends and  relatives, especially the children.
B000002VBY|5.0|One of the best album of my high school years. I spent many a night out  cruising listening to Krokus till my ears were ringing !  Like I said it's  Damn Fine Rock-n-Roll.<br />&quot;E&quot;
B000002C25|5.0|The sound that is not like the two tracks before is great.  This CD  rules!!!
B000002KB8|4.0|Their debut album made a name for themselves leading into Paranoid and  Master of Reality, which I think are the best two albums they ever had.
0060392584|5.0|regardless if you are a fan of his music or ideas you must read this book.   One of the few books that have dragged me into the pages wanting more.  I  have read few books cover to cover and this was one of the few.  Sceptics  of Manson and his ideas nead to gain new insight into his meaning and  motive.  The story is one that will turn the heads of anyone.  Tell your  friends and buy a copy for your minister.
B000001BX0|5.0|de esto si que debemos estar orgullosos de que tengamos tan buena musica  en nuestro pa
B000001FNL|4.0|Probably the best album that the bee gees recorded consists of love  ballads in rock in roll style
B000002KXV|5.0|La revista Rolling Stone afirm&oacute; que si el firmamento de la m&uacute;sica pop  fuera el anuario de la promoci&oacute;n de un high school, Donald Fagen podr&iacute;a  estar catalogado como el nerd m&aacute;s nerd, chanc&oacute;n cien por ciento y  antisocial, o el rebelde m&aacute;s incisivo y lleno de humor negro, sentado en el  fondo del sal&oacute;n, satirizando todo lo que ve. Definitivamente, Donald Fagen  es genial. M&aacute;s que como compositor o como m&uacute;sico, su genialidad radica en  su capacidad de arreglar los temas hasta supuestos niveles de perfecci&oacute;n  musical absoluta.Estos dos &aacute;lbumes pueden dar prueba de ello. Son los dos  trabajos solistas realizados despu&eacute;s de la ruptura en 1980 de Steely Dan;  el d&uacute;o (o mejor dicho, concepto musical) formado por Donald y Walter Becker  de 1972 a 1980. Donald, una especie de cient&iacute;fico loco en el mundo pop, el  cual necesita inversionistas que sepan arriesgar con sus temibles  proyectos, contrata al productor Gary Katz para su primera producci&oacute;n  solista: The Nightfly. El disco, estrenado en 1982, es un homenaje de Fagen  a su remota adolescencia en los suburbios de New York; a trav&eacute;s de varias  im&aacute;genes de la &eacute;poca de fines de los cincuenta e inicios de los sesenta que  lo influenciaron enormemente. La idea del concepto del &aacute;lbum es la de un  programa radial de madrugada, a cargo de un personaje llamado &quot;La  Mosca Nocturna&quot;. La Mosca nos asombra con sus profec&iacute;as sobre los  adelantos de la ciencia moderna y su repercusi&oacute;n en las vidas de los  ciudadanos comunes. En la madrugada hay alguien quien lo escucha y se  identifica fuertemente con &eacute;l a lo largo de la narraci&oacute;n. El caj&oacute;n  nost&aacute;lgico se abre con &quot;I.G.Y. (What A Beautiful World)&quot;, donde  el locutor predice que el mundo ver&aacute; la gigantesca rueda espacial  americana, donde se iniciar&aacute; la verdadera colonizaci&oacute;n espacial americana,  m&aacute;s veloz y eficiente que la de la Uni&oacute;n Sovi&eacute;tica -nostalgia de la Guerra  Fr&iacute;a-, la cual no tendr&aacute; chance alguna (a la larga no la tuvo ni con su  existencia misma. Este se&ntilde;or tuvo una visi&oacute;n prof&eacute;tica). Nos cuenta en  medio de nuestro asombro que tomar&aacute; 90 minutos viajar de New York a Par&iacute;s  en un avi&oacute;n supers&oacute;nico para pasajeros, mientras que la principal energ&iacute;a  del mundo ser&aacute; la del Sol, usada por todos los seres humanos. El futuro es  una imagen agradable y llena de sorpresas. Fagen invoca al esp&iacute;ritu de los  felices a&ntilde;os cincuenta, cuando el Rock and Roll estaba prohibido y la  Cacer&iacute;a de Brujas de McCarthy estaba en su m&aacute;ximo apogeo. A pesar de vivir  -o fingir- una infancia y/o adolescencia feliz, tambi&eacute;n salen a relucir  temores y frustraciones sobre la propia generaci&oacute;n. &quot;Green Flower  Street&quot; es la violenta avenida neoyorquina que muy pocos recuerdan,  llena de pandilleros como Marlon Brando y James Dean jugando a la muerte.  He aqu&iacute; la desmitificaci&oacute;n del sue&ntilde;o americano. Mientras los motociclistas  incendian los botes de basura y buscan putas, el t&iacute;mido protagonista se  encierra un d&iacute;a entero en un cuarto de un hotel con una dulce chica -al  igual de temerosa que &eacute;l- que lo saca de la realidad haci&eacute;ndole sentir  tranquilo. T&iacute;pico individualismo de la d&eacute;cada feliz. Para las decepciones  amorosas de la &eacute;poca, qu&eacute; mejor -habra pensado el autor- que utilizar un  tema propio de dicha &eacute;poca; sacarlo del polvoriento ba&uacute;l de recuerdos de su  mente. Fagen desempolva y limpia un bello tema de Leiber y Stoller,  &quot;Ruby Baby&quot; famosos compositores de rockabilly de los cincuenta,  que dieron grandes &eacute;xitos a Elvis Presley y a otros. Aqu&iacute; Fagen muestra su  admiraci&oacute;n por aquel par de compositores que quiz&aacute;s haya estado imitando  con su colega Becker en Steely Dan. &quot;Maxine&quot; es su novia del  colegio, atrevida y desenfadada como ella sola. Aqu&iacute; el narrador es un  verdadero rebelde sin causa del amor. Planean una hu&iacute;da a M&eacute;xico y de ah&iacute;  empezar su vida instal&aacute;ndose en Manhattan, lejos de las severas leyes  morales que los reprimen en los suburbios. Vaya, con este tema Fagen s&iacute; se  puso realmente nost&aacute;lgico; pero cambia de humor repentinamente con  &quot;New Frontier&quot;, una canci&oacute;n muy animada sobre el futuro, a pesar  de referirse a un s&oacute;tano en la casa donde estar&aacute;n seguros en caso de guerra  nuclear. Lo tiene todo preparado y calculado para su maravilloso porvenir  que nunca lleg&oacute;: Viajar a Europa, estudiar dise&ntilde;o, ser alguien. &iquest;Se estar&aacute;  quejando de la mala jugada del destino? Fagen suelta un gui&ntilde;o a Dave  Brubeck, famoso pianista de jazz, utilizando una rubia fan&aacute;tica de por  medio. Brubeck debi&oacute; haberle devuelto el favor. &quot;The Nightfly&quot; es  la voz del locutor en la madrugada recordando amores pasados y recibiendo  llamadas somnolientas. &quot;The Goodbye Look&quot; es la noche de la  revoluci&oacute;n en La Habana. La Mosca Nocturna y su chica (el h&eacute;roe y su  doncella, el poeta y su musa) no llegan a escapar de Cuba y se encuentran  con la tropa de fusilamiento. &quot;Lev&aacute;ntate, querida, tocan la puerta. El  coronel est&aacute; parado bajo el sol, con su cara est&uacute;pida, sus lentes y el  arma&quot;. Por supuesto que el final inconcluso nos hace saber que era un  sue&ntilde;o de verano. El disco se cierra con una canci&oacute;n que merece un 20 de  nota en un ex&aacute;men del colegio del jazz, &quot;Walk Between Raindrops&quot;:  la despedida con una sonrisa a Miami; una ciudad de la cual se ocupar&aacute;  bastante. Despu&eacute;s de esas ocho canciones, lo &uacute;nico que uno puede hacer es  pararse y aplaudir. Hay muy pocos &aacute;lbumes conceptuales que llegan a formar  una idea tan clara de hacia donde apuntan y a la vez tan difusa en ideas.  Un conjunto de canciones del pasado, que lo rememoran con nostalgia y a la  vez satirizan y critican por lo convencional. Amor y odio a la vez a los  recuerdos... Bueno, despu&eacute;s de todo, lo mejor que nos pudo haber pasado es  la juventud.pero cambia de humor repentinamente con  &quot;New Frontier&quot;, una cancin muy animada sobre el futuro, a pesar  de referirse a un stano en la casa donde estarn seguros en caso de guerra  nuclear. Lo tiene todo preparado y calculado para su maravilloso porvenir  que nunca lleg: Viajar a Europa, estudiar diseo, ser alguien. Se estar  quejando de la mala jugada del destino? Fagen suelta un guio a Dave  Brubeck, famoso pianista de jazz, utilizando una rubia fantica de por  medio. Brubeck debi haberle devuelto el favor. &quot;The Nightfly&quot; es  la voz del locutor en la madrugada recordando amores pasados y recibiendo  llamadas somnolientas. &quot;The Goodbye Look&quot; es la noche de la  revolucin en La Habana. La Mosca Nocturna y su chica (el hroe y su  doncella, el poeta y su musa) no llegan a escapar de Cuba y se encuentran  con la tropa de fusilamiento. &quot;Levntate, querida, tocan la puerta. El  coronel est parado bajo el sol, con su cara estpida, sus lentes y el  arma&quot;. Por supuesto que el final inconcluso nos hace saber que era un  sueo de verano. El disco se cierra con una cancin que merece un 20 de  nota en un exmen del colegio del jazz, &quot;Walk Between Raindrops&quot;:  la despedida con una sonrisa a Miami; una ciudad de la cual se ocupar  bastante. Despus de esas ocho canciones, lo nico que uno puede hacer es  pararse y aplaudir. Hay muy pocos lbumes conceptuales que llegan a formar  una idea tan clara de hacia donde apuntan y a la vez tan difusa en ideas.  Un conjunto de canciones del pasado, que lo rememoran con nostalgia y a la  vez satirizan y critican por lo convencional. Amor y odio a la vez a los  recuerdos... Bueno, despus de todo, lo mejor que nos pudo haber pasado es  la juventud.
0679441018|1.0|Though in the past I have enjoyed Ann Rice's rich and colorful writing  through the Vampire Chronicles I must say I was woefully dissappointed in  this tale that seemed more like a Sunday school teacher on acid than the  quality works of fiction I have in the past enjoyed.<br />After a nicely set  scene about good old Lestat the reader is taken, literally, into Ms. Rice's  chronicle of Christianity.  Unless you are devout in your interest of such  theology you will soon become desperate for a small bit of interesting  upstaging or bloodsucking by Lestat, or anyone, only to suffer through  hundreds of pages that look and read as boringly as the Bible itself.<br />I  felt, truly, that Ms. Rice was attempting to make amends to a Christian god  for her past writings, in the hope that he would now let her in through the  Pearly Gates.  As such, she should have dropped the middle 200 pages, and  written a little short story.<br />I also know friends that were so terribly  dissappointed it what she did with Armand that they swore never to read Ann  Rice again.<br />Singly, the most dissappointing book I have read in the last  several years.
0345350499|5.0|this has got to be one of the best stories i have ever read.  the amount  of research ms.bradly did on this novel is astounding.  and through more  than one thousand pages, i didnt put the book down but to sleep and eat.   it consumed me.  i dreampt of it.  and when i read the last word, i  immediatly flipped the book back to page one and read it all over again.   must be read by anyone who has even a mild interest in the arthur myths,  ancient history, godess worship, or femminist theory.
B00000ADG2|4.0|If Stevie Wonder were a 20-something female - this is what he would sound  like. Seriously, buy this album, play it while you are doing dishes or  something mindless...and you will have to remind yourself that it is NOT a  new Stevie album in the background.  This album is an awesome combination  of retro-Wonder and modern grooves that is incredibly addictive.  I love  it.  Dang, it's good!
0606050809|5.0|I first read this book when I was in high school as part of the assigned  reading, and quickly was immersed in the craftsmanship of the storytelling.   A number of years later, I reread it.  How fortunate for me!  By telling  the story through rabbits, Adams can remove human idiosynchracies that  plague many situations.  His ingenious development of rabbit mythology and  a much used map make it possible for the reader to wholly enter the world  of the Watership Down rabbits.  The occasional breaks for description of  scene are some of the most luxuriant stretches of writing I have  seen...very moving.
B000002UDG|5.0|Paul siempre fue el Beatle incomprendido; principalmente por los fans de  John Lennon. El fue el villano que adquiri&oacute; m&aacute;s acciones de las canciones  que John gracias al arreglo llevado a cabo por su suegro. Los discos de  John y Paul de inicios de los setenta manten&iacute;an la batalla con frasesitas  de ataque al rival y mucha creatividad. La ri&ntilde;a acab&oacute; a mediados de los  setenta. Parec&iacute;a que iban a mantener una rivalidad fraternal por bastante  tiempo pero un psic&oacute;pata (&iquest;seguro?) asesin&oacute; al beatle inteligente y dej&oacute; a  Paul como el miserable que debi&oacute; haber muerto.<br />En 1987 Paul lanz&oacute; este  compilatorio con muy buenos resultados. Aunque no lleg&oacute; a estar en el top  ten americano, la colecci&oacute;n es realmente imprescindible para cualquier  fan&aacute;tico del &quot;beatle m&aacute;s guapo&quot;. Se incluye un nuevo single muy  sentimental sobre los recuerdos y la nostalgia hacia el pasado llamado Once  Upon A Long Ago y tambi&eacute;n las grabaciones con Stevie Wonder (la reflexiva  Ebony and Ivory) y Michael Jackson (Say Say Say, canci&oacute;n que en vez de  estar en el &aacute;lbum Pipes Of Peace debi&oacute; haber ido al Thriller, a cambio de  The Girl Is Mine). McCartney se arrepinti&oacute; con toda su alma de haber hecho  Say Say Say con Michael, al descubrir que el mentado &quot;rey del  pop&quot; lo utilizaba como ardid publicitario por haber comprado los  derechos de las canciones de Lennon y McCartney y demostraba las enormes  influencias y el poder que Jackson ten&iacute;a al lograr hacer duetos con un  ex-beatle. Thriller es el &aacute;lbum m&aacute;s vendido en la historia del rock, y  Jackson le debe de ese &eacute;xito mucho a McCartney con The Girl Is Mine que,  aunque figure como compuesta &uacute;nicamente por Jackson, tengo la certeza de  que fue un ingenuo regalo de Paul cuando no sospechaba la jugarreta. Los  &eacute;xitos rondan a montones por el &aacute;lbum y el escucharlos se torna placentero  y ameno. oir Listen To What The Man Said nos da aliento para seguir  adelante, con coraje,  con nuestros sue&ntilde;os e ideales. Neil Diamond dijo que  &eacute;sta era la mejor canci&oacute;n pop que se ha escrito jam&aacute;s; en lo cual quiz&aacute;s  tenga toda la raz&oacute;n. Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey, extra&iacute;da de su segundo  acetato Ram, tiene mucho del estilo que marc&oacute; la &uacute;ltima etapa de The  Beatles y nos lleva a la confirmaci&oacute;n de qui&eacute;n fue el verdadero cerebro de  los fab four, al menos entre 1967 y 1970 -John estaba demasiado sumergido  en &aacute;cido, en Yoko y en ideas pseudo-izquierdistas como para proponer ideas  claras-. Paul compone con un talento sobresaliente, lleno de fino  sentimiento, que sabe tocar las almas de los m&aacute;s sensibles y melanc&oacute;licos  oyentes (Maybe I'm Amazed, Another Day) y de los rockeros buscadores de  buenos temas para mover el esqueleto (Coming Up, Junior's Farm). Completan  esta formidable compilaci&oacute;n Band On The Run, Jet, Silly Love Songs, Let 'Em  In, My Love, Live And Let Die... en fin, todo lo que un hincha de McCartney  espera en una colecci&oacute;n, se encuentra en esta oportuna muestra de  diecisiete a&ntilde;os de carrera solista de Paul McCartney; carrera que seguir&iacute;a  dando &eacute;xitos y reconocimiento, aunque a una menor escala de ventas, con  &aacute;lbumes como Flowers in the Dirt (1989) y Off The Ground (1993), ambos con  sus respectivas giras y discos en vivo de ellas. Nota: Las versiones  americana e inglesa del &aacute;lbum var&iacute;an en las siguientes canciones: la  americana incluye Goodnight Tonight, Junior's Farm y la versi&oacute;n en vivo de  Coming Up; mientras que la inglesa incluye la versi&oacute;n en estudio de esta  &uacute;ltima, adem&aacute;s de Mull Of Kintyre, Maybe I'm Amazed y Once Upon A Long Ago.  Suponemos que Paul McCartney quizo agregar en cada versi&oacute;n alg&uacute;n &eacute;xito  adicional de acuerdo a las posiciones de los rankings de cada pa&iacute;s; d&aacute;ndole  un toque localista a cada CD, tal como lo hizo Stevie Wonder con su Song  Review (Motown, 1996) Creemos que lo mejor hubiera sido producir un solo CD  doble para todo el mundo, y evitarse confusiones.<br />p.s: Paul, if you're  reading this, we're all very sorry about your lost. we're all very touched  and hurt.<br />Love,<br />Javier.were all very sorry about your lost. were all very touched  and hurt.<br />Love,<br />Javier.
0375402675|4.0|Great book.  Follows his good style.  Lots of little strings to follow.   Starts to come together late in the second half of the book.  A good read.  I was 2/3 done and then could not put it down.  Clancy is starting to  expand his charcter set.. providing different roles and growth for several.
B000002UAX|3.0|Por ejemplo, he aqu&iacute; un &aacute;lbum sobreestimado. En los c&iacute;rculos musicales no  todo lo que se dice de &eacute;l es cierto. Que es un &aacute;lbum heterog&eacute;neo y con  temas muy variados es cierto; pero de que es el mejor &aacute;lbum de los fab four  es totalmente falso. Los Beatles se encontraban en una &eacute;poca de crisis  creativa muy grande y tuvieron que hacer esfuerzos sobrehumanos para sacar  adelante un proyecto tan grande como este disco. Para evitar discusiones y  peleas decidieron hacerlo por separado y esto se nota claramente: Ringo  tira la toalla cansado de la arrogancia de Paul y simplemente se va. Paul  completa las partes de bater&iacute;a tocando el mismo y evitando que John se  escurra por ah&iacute; con Yoko y que George meta m&aacute;s de una canci&oacute;n por lado; lo  cual estuvo bien porque Harrison solo tuvo de destacable While my Guitar  Gently weeps con un solo simple pero contundente a cargo de Eric Clapton.  John meti&oacute; a Yoko a cantar en The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill y  cuando pensamos que ya no volver&aacute; a estorbar o&iacute;mos voces al reves,  chirridos y m&uacute;sica electr&oacute;nica sin sentido mientras una voz repite number  nine...number nine... y el disco blanco de Los Beatles pierde la chance de  ser un disco enteramente notable. Para otros analistas s&iacute; lo es; ah&iacute; est&aacute;n  Back In The U.S.S.R., la parodia a los Beach Boys y la respuesta de los  Beatles al Going to U.S.A. de Chuck Berry; Dear Prudence y Lennon  explorando sus man&iacute;as y temores de infancia junto con las falsas pistas  dejadas en Glass Onion; O-bladi, O-blada con Paul celebrando la inocencia  de la vida en familia; Blackbird, formidable trabajo de Paul con su  guitarra de palo tratando de repetir el &eacute;xito de Yesterday (no lanzarla en  single fue un error garrafal de George Martin). En fin, hay bastantes temas  buenos y alguno que otro baj&oacute;n fruto de la apat&iacute;a en los estudios. No es  por ser negativo a la labor Beatle pero cuando admiramos a un grupo tenemos  que reconocer sus defectos para ver la belleza natural de sus dem&aacute;s  trabajos. Paul cobrar&iacute;a la revancha en Abbey Road y su primer trabajo  solitario McCartney. Luego vendr&iacute;a Wild Life, pero mejor no hablemos de  discos malos. &iquest;O si?aul cobrara la revancha en Abbey Road y su primer trabajo  solitario McCartney. Luego vendra Wild Life, pero mejor no hablemos de  discos malos. O si?
B00000D9TK|5.0|This is a very beautiful album!  It's one of Celine's best.  If you like  Celine Dion, you should definately get this album.  Even though it's in  French, the emotions, the music, and of course, the voice completely  transcend the language barrier.  I already like it better than most of her  English albums, even though I don't speak French. It's great!   I  definately recommend this.
B000007SIN|5.0|Con permiso, se&ntilde;ores. He aqu&iacute; uno de los mejores discos grabados jam&aacute;s por  artista alguno. Steely Dan, la mejor banda de rock de los setenta,  comprendi&oacute; que hab&iacute;a llegado la hora de un decente retiro porque sus dos  principales miembros quer&iacute;an emprender proyectos solistas y la MCA estaba  contando las horas para finalizar el contrato. Es t&iacute;pico que los grupos a  los que les falta un disco para finalizar contrato con una casa  discogr&aacute;fica produzcan uno flojo y mediocre, pero Water Becker y Donald  Fagen no quer&iacute;an dejar un mal recuerdo a sus fans que se hab&iacute;an maravillado  con su disco anterior Aja e hizo el mayor acto de amor y respeto hacia sus  fans: grabar un excelente y elaborado &aacute;lbum conceptual sobre las peripecias  de uno que otro latino en California. Los m&uacute;sicos que participaron en  Gaucho ser&iacute;an, posteriormente, la crema de los m&uacute;sicos de estudio en los  Estados Unidos durante los 80 y muchos formar&iacute;an parte del clan de m&uacute;sicos  de la compa&ntilde;&iacute;a GRP; entre ellos: Anthony Jackson (bajo); Jeff Porcaro, de  Toto, y Steve Gadd (Bater&iacute;a); Joe Sample y Don Grolnick (Piano); Rick  Derringer, Larry Carlton, Hiram Bullock, Steve Kahn y Mark Knopfler de Dire  Straits (Guitarras); David Sanborn, Tom Scott y los hermanos Randy y  Michael Brecker (saxofon y arreglos de vientos) y la presencia de la  maravillosa voz de Patti Austin en los coros. Todos bajo la direcci&oacute;n  precisa y exigente de Becker, Fagen y el genial productor de todos los  &aacute;lbumes de Steely Dan, Gary Katz. Seremos francos al afirmar que ninguno de  ellos, ni siquiera Mark Knofler ni Jeff Porcaro, volver&iacute;an a participar en  un disco m&aacute;s notable e inteligente que &eacute;ste; verdaderamente una obra  maestra. Gaucho es el nombre con el que se designa al campesino que, en los  siglos XVIII y XIX habitaba en las llanuras rioplatenses de Argentina, en  Uruguay y en Rio Grande Do Sul en Brasil. El gaucho era diestro en los  trabajos ganaderos y buen jinete. Pues bien, el gaucho aventurero de este  disco es un experto en los trabajos &quot;ganaderos&quot; de los  aeropuertos y cabalga con mucha clase autos que ya ten&iacute;an tel&eacute;fono a fines  de los 70; conquista esposas aburridas de sus frios maridos y tiene tiempo  para contar como se sufr&iacute;a de hambre y pena en su pa&iacute;s natal, que podr&iacute;a  ser cualquiera al sur de M&eacute;xico. El Gaucho nos invita a conocer los vientos  de Santa Ana en Babylon Sisters y a conquistar mujeres de mundo; aunque una  diecinuevea&ntilde;era lo vuelva loco en Hey Nineteen y tenga que recurrir a su  tequila y a sus l&iacute;neas de coca para salir adelante. La canci&oacute;n m&aacute;s grande  del disco, en duraci&oacute;n y en calidad, es Glamour Profession, una descripci&oacute;n  ir&oacute;nica y sutil de las aventuras del latin-lover un viernes por la noche en  California. Coge su Chrysler y sale a conquistar la noche. Se menciona a  una novia euroasi&aacute;tica -podr&iacute;a ser una referencia a la hero&iacute;na-  especialista en artes amatorias, colombianos reci&eacute;n llegados llenos de  mercanc&iacute;a y Pel&iacute;culas de motociclistas son parte de lo que ocurre en dicha  noche. Con una l&iacute;rica narrativa digna de Arthur Miller o Tom Wolfe, Glamour  Profession es, con seguridad, la mejor canci&oacute;n jazz-rock que he escuchado  en mi corta vida. El lado B -o las cuatro &uacute;ltimas canciones, si se trata de  un CD- es un poco m&aacute;s tranquilo y reflexivo. La canci&oacute;n t&iacute;tulo del &aacute;lbum es  la respuesta del americano promedio a la amenaza del latino que viene a  robarle su mujer y sus oportunidades de triunfar. Es una canci&oacute;n seria que  nos lleva a pensar hacia donde conduce la inmigraci&oacute;n latina en Estados  Unidos; a c&oacute;mo se manifiesta su rechazo y qu&eacute; soluciones se podr&iacute;an  proponer. Time Out Of Mind es una canci&oacute;n bailable y ligera sobre las  esperanzas y c&oacute;mo enfrentar las adversidades que pone la vida. My Rival es  una continuaci&oacute;n del tema tratado en la canci&oacute;n Gaucho pero un poco m&aacute;s  intimista y esta vez con un ritmo algo m&aacute;s bailable; esta vez el narrador  se entera de que su mujer lo enga&ntilde;a y le pide compararlo a &eacute;l con el  dichoso amante, que sin duda es latino. Third World Man cierra el disco  tristemente recordando las miserias que tuvo que dejar el protagonista en  busca de un mejor modo de vida. Hablar de la tem&aacute;tica que trata Gaucho es  hablar un poco de nuestros temores ante el futuro, de nuestra nostalgia  ante el pasado, de nuestros prejuicios y odios; en fin, de nosotros mismos.  Es, despu&eacute;s de todo, una simple mirada a nuestro comportamiento cuando  tratamos de ser adultos pero nos comportamos peor que ni&ntilde;os, en medio de  los excesos y de las limitaciones a nuestro criterio que la sociedad nos  presenta. Becker y Fagen escribieron y grabaron, utilizando casi tres a&ntilde;os  de ardua labor, una obra injustamente olvidada por los cr&iacute;ticos; quiz&aacute;s  porque ya hab&iacute;an encontrado en Aja (1977) una obra maestra y no necesitaban  otra. No fue una grabaci&oacute;n revolucionaria porque las ideas de la m&uacute;sica de  los 80 tomaron otros rumbos; fue mas bien el brillante testamento de la m&aacute;s  creativa y notable asociaci&oacute;n de los setenta y probablemente de la  historia. M&uacute;sica sofisticada y una l&iacute;rica ir&oacute;nicamente cr&iacute;tica pero sobre  todo amigable y muy f&aacute;cil de entender gracias al brillante ingl&eacute;s en que  est&aacute; cantada. Gaucho es el &aacute;lbum que cualquier buen m&uacute;sico hubiera deseado  grabar. Sobresaliente.ue sin duda es latino. Third World Man cierra el disco  tristemente recordando las miserias que tuvo que dejar el protagonista en  busca de un mejor modo de vida. Hablar de la temtica que trata Gaucho es  hablar un poco de nuestros temores ante el futuro, de nuestra nostalgia  ante el pasado, de nuestros prejuicios y odios; en fin, de nosotros mismos.  Es, despus de todo, una simple mirada a nuestro comportamiento cuando  tratamos de ser adultos pero nos comportamos peor que nios, en medio de  los excesos y de las limitaciones a nuestro criterio que la sociedad nos  presenta. Becker y Fagen escribieron y grabaron, utilizando casi tres aos  de ardua labor, una obra injustamente olvidada por los crticos; quizs  porque ya haban encontrado en Aja (1977) una obra maestra y no necesitaban  otra. No fue una grabacin revolucionaria porque las ideas de la msica de  los 80 tomaron otros rumbos; fue mas bien el brillante testamento de la ms  creativa y notable asociacin de los setenta y probablemente de la  historia. Msica sofisticada y una lrica irnicamente crtica pero sobre  todo amigable y muy fcil de entender gracias al brillante ingls en que  est cantada. Gaucho es el lbum que cualquier buen msico hubiera deseado  grabar. Sobresaliente.
0670813028|5.0|I would begin by hailing IT as the greatest horror novel ever written,  except that to label a piece of literature with such a depth and range of  emotion a &quot;horror novel&quot; would be similar to refering to &quot;  The Godfather&quot; as a &quot;gangster movie.&quot;   What makes this, and  much of King's work so successful  are the characters he brings to life.   No other writers understand the fears, dreams, and mysteries of childhood  like Stephen King.  In IT, King skillfully weaves the past into the present  in telling the story of seven now successfull individuals who must confront  the ghosts of their childhood outcast selves in order to confront the  embodiment of evil.  The closet is cleared of skeletons as King makes it  painfully evident that we must all come to terms with our past and our  childhood before we can get on with the business of being adults.  If  Stephen King's style has been dismissed as shlock, one need only to read IT  in order to see that along with a knack for sensatsionalistic horror,  King's true genious lies in his storytelling and his understanding of human  nature.  Finally, as for those who criticize King' s wordiness, I offer you  a quote from William Blake: &quot;The road of excess leads to the palace of  wisdom.&quot;
0786889284|3.0|I have been a big fan of Pearson's work, so I grabbed this one out of  habit.  But I must say that I had a lukewarm reaction to the book.  The  subplot with the boy/psychic/Daphne was not very interesting to me.  I know  those sections were there to help move the plot along, but they were too  predictable and boring, and they interrupted what I thought were the most  compelling and heart-racing elements of the book: the pure investigation of  the arsons by Boldt.  Boltd's character, as always, comes across as one of  the most believable in police fiction, a mix of determined desperation and  fatalistic energy directed to help everyone else but himself. The book's  villain disappointed me as well: without giving away anything, Boldt's  nemesis did not seem as suitably sophisticated or malevolent as previous  foes.  Overall, if you're a Boldt fan, I'd say read the book and skip over  the parts that don't really involve him.
006109594X|2.0|The book is great mind candy reading, perfect for a winter day when you  don't have anything else to do.  The character interaction especially  amongst the U.S. Naval Officers is a little silly.  Lieutenant Commanders  do not call Admirals by their first name period!  Technically there were  quite a number of goofs.. too bad the author didn't have an American  technical advisor when writing about the U.S. Navy..
0385484518|5.0|Never has such a simple story had such a big impact on my life.  I read  this book while on vacation and intend to buy it for all my friends this  Christmas.  The story was told so simply and yet so beautifully.  I find  myself keeping things more in perspective these days, asking what would  Morrie think about the stituation, how would he handle it.  This book is a  true treasure.
B00000AFDW|4.0|Was I expecting too much? Very possible. The album is very good and should  get positive feedback from Kiss fans and rock fans in general. I was hoping  to hear a little more of a 70's feel in the music, but it's all 90's rock.  At first I thought the band was trying too hard to let Kiss fans know they  are back, but then after listening to it more I got used to the songs. I am  a huge Ace Frehley fan but I have to say he did a major dissapearing act on  this album. None of his solos or fill-ins got my attention. I wonder if he  played on the whole album, I'm sure someone will answer that for me. Peter  Criss did a great job as did Paul and Gene. This is Kiss' best album since  Creatures, in my opinion. The tour should be incredible.
0385493622|5.0|This book would have to be one of the best on any subject, and makes a  potentially boring subject extremely interesting, and unputdownable.
0446604844|3.0|That is really all this book is. It seems to borrow heavily from other  books I've read and there are some very obviuos parrallels between  it and  Grisham's latest &quot;The Partner&quot;. That said it is an extremely well  written books as one expects from Baldacci and will surely lead to a  Hollywood movie. Which says something that this book is very readable and  it is. It does not force the reader to think, to twist and turn in the  night trying to decipher subtle plot changes. If you want frenetic plot  twist read James Elroy if you want suspense try Graham Greene. The  characters are somewhat stereotypical and shallow, the plot a little  farfetched at times but if you want an undemanding holiday read then you  could do an awful lot worse.
0486278077|5.0|I wish I could give this book more stars but I can't.  I've read this book  4 times &amp; am ready to read it a fifth.  Despite its age, its a  fast-reading, easily understood, thought provoking book.  The only drawback  to it was that I wish it had been longer.
B000001Y5X|5.0|very creative music.. no one else can can come close araingments. No aone  would even try. the beat and temp beats anything on the maeket.He's he  alice cooper of the 0s and markets his image like no other. He's brilliant  and persitants makes him outstanding and a master of r&amp;r history. He  rocks my world and I'm, 50yrs old. He'll go down in i history forever or  sticking to hi beleif and not changing his for anyone. Great tempo changes  and originally. One rockin dude, an the  master of his empire. His concerts  are a work of theater
B000009QPQ|5.0|If you've heard this album, you know the wonders of the song writing:  &quot;Two Hearts&quot; was on every tape I made for a year - about a  wedding that never occured; &quot;Blue&quot; is just gorgeous; &quot;Real  Light&quot; is another incredibly catchy tune; &quot;Bad Time&quot; a great  cover from a mediocre band (Grand Funk Railroad!).  Without the last song,  this would be a perfect album.  Mmmm, harmonies.
B00000255F|5.0|&quot;Outside the street's on fire in a real death waltz, between what's  flesh and what's fantasy.  Man, the poets down here don't write nothin' at  all.  They just stand back and let it all be.&quot;<br />Nobody can  encapsulate so much with such brevity and eloquence.
B000002TQV|1.0|I think it would be a good idea if you added a link to your web page that  would allow people to hear the cd before they review it.  Just a thought.
B0000024ZT|5.0|Springsteen's track &quot;Lost in the Flood&quot; is a buried masterpiece,  eclipsed by the mainstream likes of &quot;Thunder Road&quot; and &quot;Born  in the USA.&quot;  &quot;Lost in the Flood&quot; offers a rare glimpse of a  musician at the pinnacle of his artform; it is a seamless lyrical banquet  of desolation, youth, and resistance played against the backdrop of an edgy   piano and a furious drum.  Although the album is magnificent in its  entirety, &quot;Lost in the Flood&quot; stands alone atop a mountain of  superior rock and roll.
0061092037|4.0|Again, I am also an avid Archer fan and yet did enjoy this book. I was  dissapointed however with the parallels found between this and Kane &amp;  Abel and As the Crow Flies. I enjoy that kind of storyline, but perhaps a  little more diversity than two men rising above all else....  Otherwise  still a good read. It kept me turning pages yet I feel there were to many  leaps without explanations. One thing though, Is that I would now like to  read biographies on the two real life characters and compare 'notes'.  Perhaps if anyone could recommend where I might find out more about who the  two characters EXACTLY were and their lives.
0812550706|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  It was so much fun to read that I quit doing  homework.  I like science fiction anyway, but this book goes way beyond  just science fiction.  The first time I read, a friend had the book in  class, and I was just going to read the synopsis, but I ended up reading  the first three chapters.  It is a wonderful book, and I plan to help my  friend accopmlish her goal of getting everyone to read it.
B000001Y5J|5.0|I have to concur with most of the other raving comments; though more  spastic and less calculated than other NIN works, Broken has the benefit of  two fantastic bonus tracks.  Also...if anyone has seen the X-rated version  of the Happiness in Slavery video...you understand the psyche behind this  music.
B000002568|5.0|The album which shot Jaco to the top not only has some of the coolest  players around playing on it, it also contains Jaco with his super fast  chops intact and some of the best bass playing ever on the track  &quot;Donna Lee&quot; and the  marvellous use of harmonics on  &quot;Portrait of  Tracy&quot;. With Jaco and Herbie Hancock together on an  album it just has to be great, every bass player and every jazz fan must  own this album.
0393316041|5.0|I have only given out three books in my lifetime, and this was one of  them.  Actually, I gave two copies of this book, and probably will give  more.  There are many books that I praise and/or recommend, but only the  best ones are given.<br />The reader must be somewhat open-minded, but what  student or practitioner in the &quot;hard&quot; sciences doesn't need to be  that way?<br />A definite recommendation.
B0000000LI|5.0|Having seen Yanni in concert I'm grateful there's a way to in some small  way to relive that trully amazing experience.  I'm not a new age freak and  have seen many of the best rock bands and individuals in concert.  I have  *never* before seen a concert that compared with the Yanni experience.  Fantastically talented musicians to back him up and an amazing string and  horn section as well.  If you like Yanni you'll love this live CD!  Buy  it!!
6304111258|5.0|&quot;The Adventures of Robin Hood&quot; was released in 1939, in glorious  Techniclor. This was the same year, of course, as &quot;Gone With The  Wind,&quot;  &quot;Good-bye, Mr. Chips,&quot; and others. However, while  those films have become somewhat dated, &quot;Robin Hood,&quot; remains  ageless in its swashbuckling, rollicking story line, it's unparalleled  cast, and it's appeal to all ages. A must see for anyone interested in  movies that told a story with characters that involved the audience, and a  tremendous climax that moves even the most jaded of viewers. Five times  five stars for &quot;The Adventures of Robin Hood.&quot;     END
B00000AFDW|2.0|I bought the new disk, which I was waiting for.  I expected a sound and  composition that would be much like the KISS of old.  What I found was a  bunch of 80's metal crap and a couple of stand out songs.  As a real Ace  fan I thin Into The Void is the single standout song on the disk.  I also  think that You Wanted The Best is also a real good song.  Everything else  was pure 80's limp metal crap.  I diod notice that there was no  collaboration on this disk.  Gene wrote songs for Gene and Paul wrote songs  for Paul.  They were certainly trying to write another anthem with You  Wanted the Best, but it won't be another Rock and Roll All Night.  I  Finally Found My Way is an obvious attempt by Paul to recapture the magic  and success of Beth, but it simply does not work in my opinion.  The rest  on the songs are pretty lame in my opinion.  It is hard for me to say all  of this, cuz I love KISS and have for the past 20 years.  This disk is  purely copmmercial with little musical content.
B000002UWF|5.0|If, after a spin, you don't love this CD, check your pulse. Louis swings,  Keely Smith captivates and Sam Butera simply blows you away. Ooooh, man,  what a beat!
B00000AFGM|4.0|I found this album not quite what you would expect from Marilyn.  I am not  saying that the album is bad, it just lacks the depth and spirit of  AntiChrist Superstar.  Some catchy and strong tunes catch the ear but none  with as much energy as previous songs.  After listening to AntiChrist  Superstar I don't see how anyone could compare this album to it.  When  compared, this album is a let down.  Manson wanted to make a classic album  and he has, it was AntiChrist Superstar.  This album also lacks the  production and help from ROCK GOD Trent Reznor, I think that may be a major  part of the problem.  Over all this album is still soooooooooo much better  than most music out there so I would recommend a listen. -DamnDan '98
B00000AFWW|4.0|Hole provides its listener with a hard hitting sounds starting with the  first track. The album is fresh feel and hyper techno music that has been  recently hailed. For listeners willing to hear something new and explosive  this is it. Even if you are not a fan this album will amaze you.
0140177396|5.0|On the top layer of this book lies a very compelling story filled with  vivid characters the masterfull writing style of Stienbeck.  Digging deeper  finds the book to be chillingly honest in it's questions and conclusions;  characters representing practicality and dreams working together in a world  that, in the end, requires the murder of one's dreams to exsist.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Having RElistened to this CD over and over I can only say that this is the  LEAST over-hyped CD to come along since the CD format started. SMART  THINKING PEOPLE rejoice, you now have your equivalent to PERFECTION,  possibly the BEST 'concept' album ever. Two or three years from now you  will listen to this and think &quot;Gad! OK COMPUTER IS STILL IN MY CD  PLAYER!!?&quot;
B0000057C5|4.0|This is a terrific album...it's so extremely gothic it's almost funny in  places, but the guitars ROCK. Next time you want to be whipped through your  exercise workout, put this in your Walkman.
B000002GEY|5.0|This is one of the best albums ever written! It contains some of the  catchiest melodies ever produced, interlaced with a nostalgic sound that  surrounds the timeless lyrical statements of every song. This album is a  celebration of realities' bittersweet, dual nature and a window to the soul  of the musicians and anyone who listens to the album. One of the few truly  great albums that enjoyed huge success without compromising artistic  integrity. A must for anyone who collects art/rock music.
B00000099Y|5.0|The Reverand speaks many powerful words, commenting on many hot topics  including sex and the direction of the world.  The haunting sound of both  his voice and the musicians behind him add to the greatness of this band.   I see them as the next generation of Pink Floyd.
B000002HPT|4.0|I was very impressed with this album.  For good songs, check out You Not  Me, Burning My Soul, and Peruvian Skies.
B000005RTG|4.0|My hopes were not too high when, in 1975, a Deep Purple album was released  without guitar hero Ritchie Blackmore's name attached.  Still, as a Purple  fan I dared to purchase it, knowing little of the now revered late  guitarist Tommy Bolin.  I quickly found Come Taste the Band as  heavy-hitting and well written as any of the classic Purple albums.   Bolin's ability to pen a catchy riff equal Blackmore's, and the combined  voices of Coverdale and bassist Glenn Hughes never sounded as clear and  enthusiastic.  Check out &quot;Gettin' Tighter&quot;, a funky, guitar  dominated Bolin tune, or Hughes' &quot;This Time Around&quot; for a  welcomed shift of mood.  I was pleased to see this CD re-released after  several years as an out-of-print memory, and I hope now some interest will  be generated by Purple fans to seek something other than &quot;Machine  Head&quot;
0201633612|5.0|Finally a book in OO that can compare with the legendary D. Knuth books  &quot;The Art of Programming Vol. 1-3&quot;. It is time that Software  Designer understand that more Engineering methods can be applied in their  field than they ever thought. This book is a good example for that.
B00000AFDW|5.0|Awesome to hear KISS again.  Same old format, One Ace song, one for Peter,  and the rest split between Gene and Paul.  &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; jumps  out at you but listen thru a few times and you'll find &quot;We Are  One&quot; and &quot;Into the Void&quot; grow on you fast.  Same old Ace  licks, messin w/ his pickup switch, and the old sound we got used to as  kids.     Some of the songs are cheesy and formula (&quot;Raise your  glasses&quot; sounds like it should go with highlight clips at the end of  the superbowl) but if you are an old KISS fan this CD is a cool drink of  water.  Get it.
B000002H6C|5.0|While I do not completely agree with critics who believe Metallica has  sold out with their last two (or three) albums, certainly something has  been lost in the ten years since &quot;...And Justice for All&quot; was  released.  If you are looking for the best mix of power and melody, then  the Black Album probably fits the bill.  But if you are searching for an  album with edge, this one is unsurpassed.  It doesn't matter what mood I am  in, I love to listen to it.  Hetfield's lyrics are surprisingly  intelligent, while Hammett's guitar is unrelenting in its power.  To me,  this album is the model for all metal.
0399128964|5.0|Definitely one of the wierdest (good) books SF has to offer.  Herbert  presents Paul as the classic tragic hero.  In this book society has gone  onto a new level, even though it is feudal.  People work to ultimately  perfect body and mind.  As a blend of mysticism and SF, it is one of the  few that work.... beautifully.  But don't read any of the sequils.
0884271536|5.0|Harris Semiconductor used many of the principles in &quot;Critical  Chain&quot; to bring a new semiconductor factory online in only 13 months  (less than half the industry norm)- 13 months from groundbreaking to first  production lots!<br />&quot;Leading the Way to Competitive Excellence: The  Harris Mountaintop Case Study,&quot; also available from Amazon.com,  applies Goldratt's Theory of Constraints to manufacturing management, and  it briefly mentions &quot;Critical Chain&quot; and project management.  Murphy, Lauffer, and Levinson, &quot;Project Raptor,&quot; in Future Fab  International, Issue 3 vol. 1 p. 117, show techniques from &quot;Critical  Chain&quot; at work in the real world. The principles from &quot;Critical  Chain&quot; (and &quot;The Goal&quot;) are not just academic theories: they  WORK.<br />Goldratt's &quot;The Goal&quot; is more gripping (and the book on  tape version, also available from Amazon.com is excellent), but anyone who  manages projects and is into techniques like the Critical Path Method (CPM)  needs to understand the material in &quot;Critical Chain.&quot;<br />William  A. Levinson, P.E.
