B0000026J6|5.0|I bought this CD when it came out in vynil. Later on I bought the tape because the vynil was scratched. Then I got the CD. No matter what support you listen to it to, you'll love. I've been listening to it for roughly  thirteen years and is one of the very few albums that have seen me through  thick and thin. So many musicians and poets could benefit by listening to  Mr Cohen...
B00000J2KT|5.0|I love the movie Full Metal Jacket, espically the boot camp part in the beggining, for those who havent seen it, the DI(Gunnery Sgt. Hartman) was a real DI in the Marine Corps. Although some of the war scenes didnt match up  to boot camp it was still a great movie all around.
B00003CWPR|5.0|This is the American, so called &quot;Austin Powers-version,&quot; right?
B00000064G|5.0|REM's great lost influence.  Makes Cat Stevens sound like John Tesh.  Remove sharp objects before playing.  Hear this CD once and you will forget all about the commercial.
1573225517|5.0|From the very beginning of this book I was completely hooked and couldn't put it down.  What I really liked about it was the originality of the story, and the lead character's unusual sense of humor.  I was not familiar  with this author before and immediately after bought &quot;About a  Boy&quot; (also a great read) with plans to purchase all his novels... boy  was I disappointed to realize I already had!
B00003IPFK|5.0|This is my favorite western of all time. The original Cabin Fever production of six hours is great and I am glad all 6 hours (and more) is in the DVD version.  Hallmark Entertainment should be ashamed of themselves  for cutting 2 hours out of the video version when they bought the rights.  Even so the 4 hour version is still quite good.
B000002GHH|5.0|There's a game called 'Desert Island Discs' where you get to nominate the 10 albums you would take if you were ever marooned on such an isle. This is one of mine. In ascending order of importance: the playing is absolutely  tops - Nick Lowe and Jim Keltner is pretty much unbeatable as a rhythm  section, and what band wouldn't want Ry Cooder on lead guitar? Even in this  company, Hiatt proves he no slouch on the fret. Hiatt's voice took me a  while to get used to, but it has a gritty soul about it that won me over.  which brings me to what this album is about  - soul. The heart that pulses  with every beat from this album is astonishing. The story behind it is  fairly well known - Hiatt had cleaned up after sinking into alcoholism,  wrote some songs and went into a studio with these three other musos and  knocked out 'Bring the Family' in a matter of days. And each song has a  guts and soul to it borne of Hiatt's encounter with darkness and his  return. Other reviewers have compared Hiatt to Elvis Costello, and Hiatt  has a similar biting wit. But (much as I like Costello's work) Hiatt beats  it hands down for warmth and humanity.  The album swings in mood - 'Memphis  in the Meantime' opens in jokey fashion; then we're straight in to 'Alone  in the Dark' which is real &quot;It's 2am and my only companions are a  bottle and my fear&quot; stuff. This swing goes through the album before  being reconciled in the last two songs - 'Stood Up', a tale of self  acceptance, and, finally, in 'Learning How to Love You' a simple, humble,  yet glorious declaration of love.  A masterpiece - and an album that proves  that rock music can grow up.
0440213525|4.0|I just finished reading The Client, I feel this is another great John Grisham legal thriller, this is the fifth novel I have read by Grisham and it is definitely a page turner, The story provides good action and great  character descriptions. To have an 11 year old as the hero of the story is  different but I feel it worked well. The character of Reggie Love was  excellent, although she had only been a lawyer for 5 years she was very  confident and cool in tough situations, I would highly recommend this book.
0385484518|3.0|I was disapointed with the book. I had great expectations when I bought it, but it did not keep me reading with enthusiasm. It is a good history, about a man that meet his old professor after several years, but the  lessons are not as deep and intense as I though it were. If you are a book  addicted, buy it. If not, choose another one.
0440214041|4.0|John Grisham, who has written many best-sellers, authored The Pelican Brief.  The book is about a legal brief written by the main character, Darby Shaw, who is a law student.  Darby's document is her theory about who  committed the double assassination of two Supreme Court justices.  The book  is fiction, set in present day Washington D.C. and New Orleans, Louisiana.   Another main character is Gray Grantham, a news reporter for the Washington  Post.<br /> During the course of the book, Darby Shaw witnesses a murder.   She is the intended victim.  Luckily, she survives by not being in the car  when it explodes.  At this point, she realizes that she is being followed.   While she tries to get away from the killers, she desperately searches for  someone she can trust.  The person she turns to is Gray Grantham, who helps  her find out who is trying to kill her and why.  John Grisham weaves an  intricate story as Shaw and Grantham attempt to solve the mystery.      If I were to give this novel a rating from one to ten, it would be a seven.   The book is very intriguing but lacks action.  For those who like law  stories, this would be a great book to read.  For ones like me who like  action books, I  would recommend it, but not highly.  There is a movie  based on this novel which I think is more exciting than the book.  I say  that because the movie is easier to understand and it doesn't have  statements meaningless to the story.  The novel is written in the third  person.  I prefer a book written in the third person because it gives a  broader perspective.
B000002J2F|5.0|If you look into this album as deeply as I have, you may find a relationship between all these songs.  I could explain how they all fit into a story, but that would take up too much space.  Instead, I can  basically tell you that this whole album is about a guy (if that person on  the front cover is a guy) who is either named Duke or is a Duke (a Duke of  York, for example).  He's, basically, a lonely guy.  This is shown in  &quot;Guide Vocal&quot;, &quot;Misunderstanding&quot;,  &quot;Heathaze&quot;, &quot;Turn It On Again&quot;, &quot;Alone  Tonight&quot;, &quot;Please Don't Ask&quot;, and (stretching the  imagination here) &quot;Man Of Our Times&quot;.  If you want me to fully  explain what i mean, e-mail me at Abacab_31@hotmail.com.  Otherwise, listen  to the lyrics closely, and you'll be enjoying a great album.
B00000K19E|1.0|Actually, the title of my review wasn't what I thought of the movie, I was just quoting some of Keau Reeves's &quot;witty dialogue&quot;. Everybody has raved about this movie and aside from some of the very good digital  effects, the plot is completely bad and Keanu Reeves is the worst actor  this side of William Shatner. Besides the point the story is a complete rip  off of Grant Morrison's comic book &quot;The Invisibles&quot;, which is  infinitly better than this movie could ever dream to be (this is for you  Grant, buddy). And the ending where he flies off after making the phone  call is so absolutely LAME!  Perhaps Keanu's moves in the movie seems  &quot;Faster than a speeding bullet&quot; thanks to the breakthough of  digital technology, but his acting sure isn't.
6305750750|5.0|Yes, it is a great special effects flick.  But do not buy this VHS tape!  Show your displeasure and maybe Lucas will cave in with a DVD format release.
6303477259|5.0|This video is absolutely amazing. I didn't think that at first when I bought it, though. The salesman said it was a pale imitation of their previous concerts. He is solid proof that most PF fans use drugs... (j/k :)  As soon as I saw &quot;Shine On, You Crazy Diamond&quot; for the first  time, I knew this would be the best concert I'd ever likely see. The rest  of the concert confirmed that. &quot;Shine On...&quot; is incredible, as is  &quot;Learning to Fly&quot;. &quot;High Hopes&quot; is stunning. The rest  just gets better, including &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; live-- all of  it. Not to mention the encores, which has more lighting effects than the  Eiffel Tower did on New Year's*.So hurry out to your local video store and  purchase this video. Overnight shipping is too long to wait for Pulse!  G'night to you!<br />*well, almost :)
B000002MU3|4.0|REM turns the amps to 11,chuck the mandolins,and sing about sex,fame,&amp; power.Ziggy Stipe-dust you say?Monster may be the REM CD that fills their used CD section,but it's a brave piece of work that continue to amaze,yet  puzzle some.Those who jumped on the Losing My Religion-bandwagon,will jump  right off(I must admit I'm one of those,but it made me check out their  earlier albums,and I've been a devoted fan ever since).What's The  Frequency,Kenneth kicks it into high gear,while Crush With Eyeliner take  the Aladdin Sane-esque route.Bang &amp; Blame,King of Comedy,Let Me In and  You makes this album a worthwhile collection.Although with all the  overdrive in the guitars,the rhythm section sounds kind of flabby in the  middle,especially compared to Pearl Jam &amp; Nirvana.But you know its REM  ,always doing it their way.
0553573403|5.0|I just finished reading this book. It was a total fluke the way I came across it. I was in the library on my way over to the poetry section to pick up a volume by W.H. Auden. I have part of one of his poems on my wall  and was desperate to get the rest. I just sort of bumped into this book on  my quest. Boy, am I glad I did! This is a totally engrossing tale. It was  tough to put down. The characters are interesting, multi-dimensional  beings, no one is completely evil or good and just like real people, some  of them drive you crazy! The plot is complex and detailed and often  surprising. The world Martin has created is so rich, he could write a ton  of stories. I often wonder why film makers don't consider volumes like this  one. PS: I found the Auden poem.
B000002UZ1|5.0|After The Beatles retired from touring,they could've easily became complacent especially after changing the face of pop music.But this is where the fun really begins.67-70 represents their studio years where they  took their music to unimaginable hieghts(Strawberry Fields Forever,SGT  PEPPER,Magical Mystery Tour) then they came  crashing down(the white  album,Let It Be)and went out in style(Abbey Road).Though a much better  collection than 62-66(and you don't get shortchanged this time),these two  sister albums represent the epitomy of pop music,and required listen for  any musician to show them how its suppose to be done,as well as a must have  for any music fan.Granted the whole picture can be found on their  individual albums(especially Rubber Soul,Revolver,Sgt Pepper,Abbey  Road),but once you experience these two,you will want more.A splendid time  will be guarunteed indeed.
B000002KDX|5.0|What a wonderful set of songs!  Donkey Jaw is by far the best, full of complex but simple guitar work.  Turn this one up loud to enjoy.  I Need You is one of all time best love songs.  Horse With No Name always makes me  think.  Great album!
B0000025F7|5.0|This was MJ's second wind at success.Even though he just came off the sucessful Destiny album with his brothers,he craved more autonomy.Off The Wall is  a winner because the then 21 year old MJ had the raw materials and  Quincy Jones helped give it a good polish and supplied him with great  songs,top LA session men,and a smooth production.MJ's two self-penned songs  Don't Stop Til You Get Enough &amp; Working Day &amp; Night expand &amp;  improve on Destiny's funky jams(Shake your Body..etc),while the Rod  Temperton(of Heatwave fame)brought in the classics Rock With You &amp; Off  The Wall. Other Classic songs include She's Out of My Life(by session  singer Tom Bahler)Girlfriend(Paul McCartney)and I Can't Help It(Co-witten  by Stevie Wonder).Granted Thriller and Bad may have sold more but second  guessed fan expectations(of the latter)and being played out to where it  seems stale(the former)makes Off The Wall a better album.Instead of the  King of Pop,we get a hungry kid who shows the world how great a talent he  is.
006092988X|4.0|I read this book three years ago, when I was in fifth grade.  It seemed to be the world's best book then.  Now a little wiser and wider in my knowledge of literature, I see this book as an earnest, honorable book.   One thing I loved about this book was how the perspective of the book grew  more mature as Francie grew up.  It makes this book a 'happening book', and  draws its readers well into the book while reading.  Another excellent  technique that Smith used in the book is the way she made littel events  seem so important and glorious, the way it would seem to a little girl.  It  is a touching, rich book, full of emotion and feelings.
B000002MG1|5.0|If Green is like pine,&amp; Out Of Time is like Maple,than AFTP is like  ageless hickory.Like Murmur it exists outside of time,where it struck a chord when I first heard it,and continue to amaze me,as well as sound  better with every listen.Even the lone throwaway(New Orleans Instr.  1)sounds as bittersweet as the rest.Drive remains at the same time one of  the greatest yet underrated REM all-time classic,while The Sidewinder  Sleeps Tonight &amp; Man On The Moon are bouncy &amp; jovial yet as sad  &amp; mournful(the former courtesy of John Paul Jones string  arrangement).Special mentions must go to Everybody Hurts,Find The River,Try  Not To Breathe &amp; the otherworldly Nightswimming which transcends this  album to unimaginable hieghts.Though REM's music lately has it's  ups(MONSTER)&amp; downs(New Adventures in Hi-Fi,Up),AFTP is the one album  that will undoubtedly set the standard for REM's music let alone pop music  itself.
0451450523|5.0|This book, with its poetic lyricism and outstanding depth, is a must read for anyone.  A beautiful story of doomed love, fantastical adventure, and courage, this book is a superb tale!  Beagle does a wonderful job on his  character development; you get the sense that you're a part of the book!
B0000089GM|5.0|I JUST BOUGHT THIS CD A FEW MONTHS AGO BECAUSE I HERD THEM ON A MK MOVIE NOW THERE MY FAVORITE BAND!. IF YOU DONT HAVE THIS CD THEN YOU NEED TO BUY IT! .
6303481302|5.0|After seeing the videos of  'Quidam' (unbelievable) and 'Saltimbanco' (good, but does not compare to 'Quidam'), I expected to be disappointed.  Leave it to Cirque du Soleil to not allow my expected disappointment.   'Nouvelle Experience' seems to be an ancestor to 'Mystere' which I have  seen twice and will see every time I visit Las Vegas.  The high bar and  trampoline and 'see-saw' acts can be found in 'Mystere' and are just as  thrilling in this video from 1991.  As always, the spellbinding music of  Rene Dupre enhances the performances.  The highlight, in my opinion, is the  hilarious clown 'director' scene with audience participation.  I had to  pause the tape several times until I quit laughing.  Cirque du Soleil, et  al. IS the most incredible entertainment force on Earth!
B00000ICD9|4.0|All I have to say that the special effects are great in this movie.  I thought Robin Williams actually acted rather than his usual comedy routine. I would buy this again if my dvd was to die.
B000002MY3|4.0|This CD is great. The lyrics are meaningful and Alanis's voice is beautiful. My favorite's are &quot;You oughta know&quot; &quot;ironic&quot; &quot;not the doctor&quot; and &quot;learn.&quot; I recommend this CD for  any Alanis Morissette fan!
0790737345|5.0|This movie is not about angels and it's not about an angel and a human getting hooked up.  These misconceptions cause people to miss the point and not enjoy the movie nearly as much as it can be enjoyed.  This movie is  about what it means to be human.
B000002C1X|5.0|Most of the critics consider \\"Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\\" as a fundamental album in the \\"modern\\" music's history and I totally agree. But if I had to choose the best album ever released it would  certainly be Pinkfloyd's \\"The Wall\\". I came across this album for the very first time somewhere around  1985-86, and at the time I didn't know much about existentialism. I liked  the songs of this album, but nothing more. It's some months later that I  began to read some existentialism works by J.P.Sartre, Heidegger, etc and  only then I got what Roger Waters was talking (singing) about. The music is  so sad, but the lyrics are even sadder. Bob Dylan, Jim Morrison and many  others sang about the wall (here representing the human society as a whole)  and how it effects or determines the life of everyone of us, but Walter's  work is surely the deepest!
B00000JZC4|2.0|With an excellent song like &quot;Take a Picture&quot; I expected alot but like most pop/rock goups (my main interest is avant garde jazz) they seem to rely on formulas. Like Nine Inch Nails, each song has a distinct  &quot;singing&quot; part and &quot;screaming&quot; part that lessens the  credibility of the emotions. I think of 80's groups like the Birthday Party  as a much more credible &quot;angst.&quot; <br />Its unfortunate, I was  looking for a good rock album. If your think of getting this disc and  likethe manic parts, try the band Naked City, it might open your ears to  something different.
6301963911|5.0|When listing the greatest directors of our time, one cannot overlook Woody Allen.  Quick witted and often times hilarious, I give Allen and Keaton both 5 stars for their performances in this film, which I consider to be  the greatest romantic comedy of all time.  A thoroughly entertaining film,  done in a style that will keep you amused from start to finish, will make  you laugh and maybe even cry, ANNIE HALL is by far Woody Allen's best film  and a modern day classic.  SEE IT AS SOON AS POSSIBlE!
6303430570|5.0|I definetly think that Clerks is by far the best movie I have ever seen in my life!  The script is extremely fresh, very, very funny, and witty.  Clerks was directed brilliantly by Kevin Smith (a true filmaking genius), and despite it's small budget (about $27,000) and absence of action, this  movie is sure to entertain anybody.  I found myself laughing uncontrollably  at many scenes, especially Randal's list of movies, their discussion  of Return of the Jedi, and Catlin's little experiance near the end.
6302293553|5.0|-Have you ever wondered about the airspeed volocity of an unladen swallow? -Have you ever burned a witch? If you answered yes (or no) to any of the above, Monty Python and the Holy Grail is the movie for you. I blow my nose  at those who don't get it.
0440224764|2.0|I read the first couple of chapters online, and was so hooked, I couldn't wait to get my hands on the book.  Unfortunately, the best reading in the book was what I'd gotten for free.  I stayed with it to the end, despite  less-than-interesting plot wanderings, and absolutely hated the ending.  After The Client, The Firm and The Pelican Brief, Grisham went on my  &quot;Buy Whatever He Writes&quot; list.  It takes a lot to get bumped from  that, but after The Partner, he was dropped to the &quot;Lending Library  Only&quot; list.
B000031WD9|5.0|Classic teenage film about what teenager's think about most...Sex and alcohol!  This movie is great with all the individual problem's that most of us encountered when we were that age. Great Movie that can be watched  again and again.
6302732875|5.0|It took a bit of guts to move this to my #1 spot (my personal spot, it is by no means the best movie ever made).  After all, there are no special effects, explosions, futuristic environments, in-your-face plot twists, hot  chicks, etc.  What it does have is the best dialogue ever written, hands  down, in any movie ever.  The performances have not one fault.  I can  honestly say, out of all the movies I have ever seen, this is the only one  I can watch endlessly without getting bored.  Sure, I like Aliens, 2001,  etc.  But I can't watch them over and over.  If I had only one movie to  watch for the rest of my life, this would be it... a movie for movielovers,  not for the casual moviegoer.  And it takes a dozen viewings before you  even catch on to 50% of what is going on.  I still haven't fully absorbed  this masterpiece.
B000009ED0|5.0|a great mix of fun, sex, and music. Little explicit but sex sells. Kid Rock writes with the good times and bad in mind and people can relate to most of his songs if they aren't scared of a few words. He knows what sells  and did a great job. His best cd ever!
052594527X|5.0|This is a gem of a novel, and 17th century Delft comes alive in the deceptively simple but beautiful prose. Unlike many other historical novels, Chevalier's characters are not merely 20th century people wearing  period clothing-- they are 17th-century people with 17th century values and  world-views.<br />I was cheering for Griet, an intelligent and lively misfit  in the restricted world of a maid-of-all-work, as she discovers that she  has an artist's eye and that there's a world out there more interesting and  more rewarding than what's in store for her. But this novel has very  bittersweet ending, and I did not have as much respect for Griet by the end  of the book as I did in the beginning. Life is full of compromises, and  Griet's compromises end up hobbling her, I think.<br />Anyhow, the book is  exquisitely written and the characters stay with you after the last page is  turned. I'm glad I read it, and if you like quality historical fiction,  you'll enjoy it, too.
B0000024SI|5.0|Everyone who is a Dylan fan has probably heard about how great this album is and how it changed music forever. Well I just wanted to say very quickly that it changed my life. Just take a listen to &quot;Desolation Row,&quot;  and I hope you understand. And I mean LISTEN to what he is saying. Listen  to it again, then once more. Let the words sink in. It's the greatest  single piece of poetry in the last 50 years. Thanks Mr. Z.
0780622650|2.0|Once more Hollywood messes with a classic show and overcomplicates it. Great effects but in this day and age these still need to support a good story rather than vice versa. The film is an adequate scifi yarn until the  Jupiter leaves the Proteus, but after that it seems as if someone mixed up  the scripts. If I wanted a touchy feely movie I'd have rented one. Two  other points. Firstly - what was that little alien all about - the only  reason I could see it being in the film was for the toy marketing that  accompanied it. Secondly does the actress who played Penny really speak  like that - she sounded as if she swallowed a vocoder and was inhaling  helium all the time
B00000DFRS|5.0|Whitney Houston is the preeminent singer of our day.  For her fans, this collection is a rewarding apology for her eight-year absence from the studio.  Her full vocal range is on display in this pop/R&amp;B/hip-hop  array of fresh musical features.  The less appealing &quot;If I Told You  That&quot; is overshadowed by the sheer weight of great performances:  the  funky &quot;I Bow Out&quot;, the hip-hop flavor of &quot;I Was Made To Love  Him&quot;, the catchy &quot;It's Not Right, But It's Okay&quot;, and the  album pillars &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot; &amp; &quot;My Love Is Your  Love&quot; soar.  <br />Whitney exhibits a new maturity in her vocals and her  musical selections.  This album is destined to please long-standing fans as  well as new converts.  Leave it to diva!
B00000K2SC|5.0|For both Action and Sci-fi movie fans. I was amazed at how original and well done (on all counts) this movie was. I thought Reeves and Moss did a fine job of acting. It had a great plot, humor enough to keep it from being  dark, good dialogue, a slight romance, great action scenes,  and special  look to it. Non-stop entertainment that I've seen 3 times and enjoyed each  time.  The only people I've heard give negative remarks are those who  blabbed during it and missed understanding what was going on and people who  just don't like action pictures in general. (As for the black leather  trenchcoats &amp; shooting; It was a &quot;good guys&quot; against the  inhuman &quot;bad guys&quot; thing and done as &quot;super hero&quot;  characters so I never related it to the Colombine tragedy as anyone so  obviously could with DeCapprio's movie Basketball Diaries). The message I  took from the  movie was &quot;believe in yourself or you just won't be  what you could have been&quot;
0790729989|3.0|Seven is a great movie.  The screenplay, direction, and cinematography are all first rate.  There are also some very compelling performances by Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey.  But the DVD version has a major flaw...you have  to flip it over to watch the rest of the movie.  This was not what I  expected when I bought this movie, or my DVD player for that matter.  Hold  out for that rumored re-release where they actually fit the whole movie on  one side.
B00004BZ16|5.0|London Calling is still the best Clash album, but this one ranks a close second. Its just amazing that the band had the guts to put out an album like this. 3LP's....that crazy. Good thing for the world they did though.  People say that somewhere in the 2 discs is one of the greatest albums of  all time, but i think warts and all the whole thing is mind blowing. Naming  favorite tracks is pointless. The album should be listened to as a whole.  Topper, Joe, Mick and Paul were a force to be reckoned with and I think its  time they reunited and let the world know they can still do it.  &quot;Remember&quot;
B000005ILF|2.0|It's hard to believe someone could write THE SOULD CAGES and MERCURY FALLING in the same lifetime, let alone 5 years apart.  This album is not entirely without charm.  &quot;I Was Brought...&quot; ranks up there with anything Sting has ever done, &quot;Valparaiso&quot; captures the spirit of  the best stuff on CAGES (it could have been an out-take, it's so close in  spirit and sound), and &quot;You Still Touch Me&quot; is excellent pop, or  attempted R &amp; B, if you like.  But except for &quot;Hounds of  Winter,&quot; the rest of this album is a DOG!  &quot;Let Your  Soul...&quot; is a rootless attempt at R&amp;B, which died a complete death  on the radio, as I remember it.  &quot;I'm So Happy...&quot; is nice  enough-- I at least prefer it to the Travis Tritt remake.  &quot;La Belle  Dame Sans Regret?&quot;  Ugh!  Sting, fella, sing it in English, unless  you're worried that the lyrics are as pointless as the use of the Latin  Beat.  It sounds like the soundtrack to a porno flick.  &quot;All Four  Seasons&quot; isn't just the dumbest song Sting has ever written, it's one  of the worst period.  &quot;Mercury Falling?&quot;  Yeah, so what?  I'll  say it's falling.  This album just shows Sting treading water, like a lot  of angry young men of the 80's who are now rich and content (John  Mellencamp is a good comparison, I think).
B00003CWOL|4.0|Kevin Smith's &quot;Dogma&quot; is an insane blend of comedy, action, religion, discussion, toilet humor, etc. . .  It's hard to peg this movie.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damon are both very good as the renegade angels.  The  supporting cast is very good also.  The only thing wrong with this movie is  simply the over-abundance of dialogue.  Most of the time, Kevin Smith is  right on target with hysterical dialogue that is both funny and insightful  but sometimes it feels like his fingers went crazy on the word processor  and he let a character blab on too long.  Some of the serious dialogue will  drive you batty at it's inane lengths.  Conversations sometimes last up to  ten minutes!  Still, though.  This movie is highly entertaining and  probably Smith's best film to date.  I'd rent it before purchasing it.
B000001FY9|5.0|Bob Marley is truly one of the greatest performers of all times, and Legend reflects his tremendous talent. Although it must have been almost impossible to choose from the prolific songwriters hits, Legend compiles  some of Bobs best-known and best-loved songs. Some are perfect for just  relaxing enjoying the mellow music, while others inspire rebellion and  pride. If this CD is not a part of your collection, what are you waiting  for?
630575067X|5.0|My title says it all.  It's good harmless PG-rated fun that anybody can watch.  Sure, it doesn't have much of a &quot;human element&quot; but come on!  It's a sci-fi adventure flick that's meant to pass a couple of hours  by with flashy eye candy.  It's not meant to change your lives with  incredible dilogue spoken by unbelievably real characters.  And to all of  you so-called fans who keep whining out cheesy lines like, &quot;I waited  16 years for this!  I can't believe I waited in line for 22 months and this  is all I get!&quot;:  Get a life!  If you go to a &quot;Star Wars&quot;  movie for insights on life and great character development, are you  completely dense!   Sure, I love the other movies but the characters are no  different from these characters.  &quot;Han Solo&quot;?  It wasn't the  character that was great!  It was Harrison Ford.  He was essentially  playing himself.  The character was as flimsy as wet tissue paper.  And to  those of you who think &quot;Jar Jar&quot; is lame?  Just how cool is  &quot;Chewbacca&quot;?  I think you get my point.  At least one of them can  talk and doesn't look like a basic gorilla.  I loved this movie.
0345403959|3.0|Well, it feels just like the Belgariad.  I initially liked the Belgariad a lot, but the problem is that it is the same thing over and over.  The characters are pretty much one-dimensional.  The humor is the same over and  over, not so humorous anymore.  Also, the enemies never pose a real threat  to the heroes, there's no tension or drama because the &quot;good  guys&quot; are all smug and the bad guys are incompetent.<br />But if you  slogged through the series which does have a pleasant homey feel to it then  you're obliged to read this which neatly ties up all of the history of  Eddings' world.
B000003BEV|5.0|I just finished listening to Their Satantic Majesties Request, one of my all-time favorite albums, and decided to check in to see what other music fans had to say about it.<br />I noticed that most fans deny the comparison  between TSMR and the Beatle's Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts' Club Band.   Why?  The Stones' album cover is obviously a parody of the Beatles.  And  &quot;On with the Show&quot; uses the same kind of vaudeville camp featured  in the Beatles' horrible opening and closing refrains in Sgt. Pepper.<br />I  think the real point is, who cares?  TSMR stands on its own!  It is a  fantastic piece of mainstream rock psychedelia.  Stop using the stupid  comparison as a point of reference.
0792833201|5.0|This movie was absolutely fantastic....incredibly acted, extremely suspenseful,and nail-bitingly scary...the perfect late-night movie...will send shivers down your spine and leave u begging for more....&quot;They're  heeeerrrrrrreeeeeeee! &quot; You'll love it!
B00001QEFU|5.0|This Is Twisted Sister first album. Released In 1982 and after all these years, It still headbangs. This Is a classic metal album(for a hairband). If you like songs that have that anthem attitude to It, this Is It. Best  tracks that rock off this album are &quot;Shoot Em Down&quot; and  &quot;Destroyer&quot;. This Is an 80's classic, get it now while they  remastered It, It sounds better then ever.
6305014140|5.0|This is one of my favorite anime.  This anime has everything just right, action, drama, gore, some adult content.  I cannot say enough good thing about this anime, it's just too goooood to be true.  I urge everyone out  there buy this video or die.  I already got my greedy little hand on this  gem along time ago.<br />FOREVER NINJA SCROLL!
B000023VR6|2.0|I've been a fan of Dr. Dre since NWA, the Chronic, Dogg Pound, California Love, etc... I NEVER NEVER forgot about Dre...<br />...this album leaves me wishing I did. The first day I bought this CD I was jamming the hell out of  it. I thought it was the best CD ever! how long ago was that? lets just say  I haven't listened to it since December, 2000. This cd has none of the  longevity dre's other cds had... that's because Dre recorded this one so  fast. <br />I've always enjoyed Dre... but this CD... PRODUCTION, GUESTS and  DRE HIMSELF are weak... I give it two stars for the two good songs  &quot;Still DRE&quot; and &quot;forgot about Dre&quot;.. other than that..  this CD stinks
B00002R0MC|5.0|Mais oui, qu'on en parle en franais ou en anglais, ici ou ailleurs, Bob est une lgende, un miracle... Et grce a ce box set de songs of freedom, nous sommes tous combl! Cet album est merveilleux, tonnant et stupfiant!  Fortement conseill...!
B0000029DD|5.0|This is the most amazing album.  The first time I heard it, I stopped and was like, &quot;WOW!  Who is this?&quot;  The answer, &quot;Jeff Buckley.&quot;  I love the tracks Last Goodbye and Hallelujah.  They really  showcase how good Jeff was.  He was the most brillaint musician of his  generation, along with the generation before him and after him.  If you  don't have this album, your music collection is not complete.  Literally.
B000001YOW|2.0|First, I will say I am not very familiar with this group. I heard the song &quot;Stranger By the Minute&quot; on the radio and liked it, but I couldn't find the album &quot;Stupid Dream&quot; in any local record store.  Some stores had the album &quot;Signify&quot; and, after reading several  positive reviews on the Internet, I decided to give it a whirl. My  impression is that this CD for the most part is complete B.S. except for 3  or 4 songs. The title track, &quot;Signify&quot;, sounds like an amatuerish  high school band trying to imitate Metallica. The keyboard player, Richard  Barbieri, never plays more than 2 notes on the entire album. The lyrics  read like a 5th grade class experiment in poetry; they are simplistic,  childish, silly, and nonsensical. The lone bright spot in this dismal  musical landscape (the dreary smokestacks on the album's back cover are  eerily appropriate) is the guitar playing of Steve Wilson. He is quite  good, playing spacey riffs reminiscent of early Pink Floyd. Indeed, the  group is at its best when it sticks to the dreamy, guitar-dominated tunes  (Waiting Phase I, the last half of Waiting Phase II, Sleep of No Dreaming,  and Dark Matter) and at its worst when it plays one or two droning  sustained notes on a synthesizer for much too long periods of time (the  rest of the album). These excruciatingly dull passages could be described  as filler material, sludge, or simply, noise. Take your pick.Unfortunately,  there is far too much of the latter and not enough of the former. The  prescription to cure Porcupine's ills: forget the avant-garde noise and  stick to music; tell the keyboard player to play more than 2 notes or get  someone who can; and get the assistance of someone with an above 5th grade  vocabulary to write the lyrics for you. Perhaps I've been a bit harsh, but  I really feel this group has potential, if only it could correct these  shortcomings.
B00000IPAX|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM I HAVE LISTENED TO FOR A LONG TIME, THE BEST SONG IS ADAMS SONG AND ALL THE SMALL THNGS. IF YOU WERE WISE YOU WOULD DEFINATELY GET THIS SONG THERE IS NOT ONE BAD SONG.
B000001YOW|2.0|First, I will say I am not very familiar with this group. I heard the song &quot;Stranger By the Minute&quot; on the radio and liked it, but I couldn't find the album &quot;Stupid Dream&quot; in any local record store.  Some stores had the album &quot;Signify&quot; and, after reading several  positive reviews on the Internet, I decided to give it a whirl. My  impression is that this CD for the most part is complete B.S. except for 3  or 4 songs. The title track, &quot;Signify&quot;, sounds like an amatuerish  high school band trying to imitate Metallica. The keyboard player, Richard  Barbieri, never plays more than 2 notes on the entire album. The lyrics  read like a 5th grade class experiment in poetry; they are simplistic,  childish, silly, and nonsensical. The lone bright spot in this dismal  musical landscape (the dreary smokestacks on the album's back cover are  eerily appropriate) is the guitar playing of Steve Wilson. He is quite  good, playing spacey riffs reminiscent of early Pink Floyd. Indeed, the  group is at its best when it sticks to the dreamy, guitar-dominated tunes  (Waiting Phase I, the last half of Waiting Phase II, Sleep of No Dreaming,  and Dark Matter) and at its worst when it plays one or two droning  sustained notes on a synthesizer for much too long periods of time (the  rest of the album). These excruciatingly dull passages could be described  as filler material, sludge, or simply, noise. Take your pick.Unfortunately,  there is far too much of the latter and not enough of the former. The  prescription to cure Porcupine's ills: forget the avant-garde noise and  stick to music; tell the keyboard player to play more than 2 notes or get  someone who can; and get the assistance of someone with an above 5th grade  vocabulary to write the lyrics for you. Perhaps I've been a bit harsh, but  I really feel this group has potential, if only it could correct these  shortcomings.
6304602979|5.0|IM NOT HERE SO MUCH TO REVIEW THIS MOVIE SO MUCH AS I AM HERE TO PERSUADE IT AS THE GREATEST FILM EVER MADE. CHRISTIAN SLATER, PATRICIA ARQUETT, GARY OLDMAN, DENIS HOPPER, MICHEAL RAPPAPORT, BRAD PITT, CHRISTOPHER WALKEN, VAL  KILMER, SAM JACKSON, CHRIS PENN, THAT FUNNY GUY FROM PERFECT STRANGERS,  CANT ASK FOR A BETTER CAST CAN YOU? THEY ALL GELL TOGETHER TO PROVIDE THE  MOST THRILLING COMBINATION OF PURE ACTION, ADVENTURE, AND LOVE EVER SEEN ON  THE SCREEN. THIS MOVIE IS MORE THAN A 5 STAR, IT IS A MOVIE FOR THE AGES.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the few movies that I have watched more than once...I'm watching it for the 8th time tonight. A great movie should be inspirational, but can't be too phony. As human beings we all have hope  that there is a better life even amongst the frailty of our weaknesses and  the squalor of our existence. This is a unique approach, a believable  fantasy that good conquers evil and that love conquers all.
1558803602|4.0|I have to give this movie 2 thumbs up! I was fighting tears while watching this. But when the guy that I'm dating ended up sobbing harder that I did, I knew that it was an INCREDIBLE movie.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This cd is one of the best EVER. Fred Durst's vocals mixed with Wes Borlands awesome guitar riffs and John Otto's smooth jazzy drumming and Sam River's slick basslines and DJ Lethal's hella cool scratches makes for a  great experience in music. A lot of people claim LB sold out just because  this cd isn't exactly like the last one. Boo hoo...they're growing  musically, if they chrurned out the same tunes all the time they'd die out.  They're just simply being experimental with their music.
B000002JS8|3.0|What is the big deal?  This album is highly overrated!  I'm not saying that it's bad, it's just that they have much better.  The first four tracks and &quot;If you want blood&quot; are very good songs, but that is about  it.  I personally need more than just a couple of good songs on a CD to get  it.  If you want to get some really good Bon Scott material I would suggest  &quot;High Voltage&quot; or, my personal favorite, &quot;Powerage&quot;.   Once again, this album is not in any way bad, they just have many albums  that are much better, I think.  Ya gotta go with &quot;Powerage&quot;, it's  the best!
B00000K19E|4.0|An exeptional Science Fiction movie needs to provide many key aspects, many of which the Matrix has forfilled.    One of the key qualities the movie owns is a storyline which is not only unique and original but  captures the imagination of the audience.The action scenes of course  provide the basis of the movie,and although this is a common fault of the  modern film industry, fantastic technology and correography back this up.  To sum up this  still does not compare to the all time greatest sci -fi  film of 2001 but is worth a watch
6302798450|5.0|OH MY GOD!   This movie is friggin' hysterical! It is true however that it is mainly a cult favorite.  You have to have the sense of humor that most people don't seem to understand.  Everyone I show this movie to says  &quot;that's stupid!&quot; and nothing pisses me off more than that. They  are the same kind of people that don't understand &quot;The Far Side&quot;  or &quot;The Simpsons&quot;.  I definitely recommend this movie but you  should be warned that it is not to be taking seriously.  You have to have a  good sense of humor.  Also you have to watch the normal version because the  Widescreen director's cut takes out a huge chunk at the end which is  probably the best part of the movie. &quot;Lady, I'm afraid I'm going to  have to ask you to leave the store&quot;.
6305750750|5.0|This was the movie of 1999. Im glad to see that we ended the millenium with one of the greatest prequels of all time(one of the only prequels of all time). I expected a movie which did not encapsulate the mood and  feeling of the previous Lucas masterpieces. Not only did it exceed these  expectations but it went one stage further, it had the force. Being the  author of many books and journals on Star Wars and Lucas's previous works i  feel that he has opened up the Star Wars epic to a new generation.
0790729628|3.0|The BLADE RUNNER Director's Cut on DVD has a strange feature. On one side is a widescreen version and on the other side is the pan-and-scan version. Why?  The two sides would have been better utilized with one side as a  widescreen version of the director's cut and the other side as a widescreen  version of the original cut with Decker's voiceover narrative. That would  have allowed us BLADE RUNNER enthusiasts to compare the two versions and  fan the argument on which is the better version.<br />I also agree with the  reviewer that would've liked more of the extras that a lot of the better  DVDs have nowadays. I have no idea what the Special Edition will be like. I  just wish I knew about it before I got this one.<br />As for whether the film  itself is worth owning, of course it is. BLADE RUNNER is now a classic.  There's a reason why it's still a bestseller 18 years after its initial  release in the theaters. I highly doubt THE MATRIX will be discussed at the  same length 18 years from now.
B00000IPAX|5.0|all i have to say is that blink is the best band!   this cd is definetly their best.  all of the songs are awesome and u'll never get tired of it.  chesire cat and dude ranch are other cds to get if you like punk rock and  this cd.  also, get nofx and mxpx if u liked this cd.
B000002IZM|4.0|I add my comments to help overwhelm anyone who's unsure whether to buy this soundtrack. It's very beautiful and haunting. It will linger in your head long after it's stopped playing. I'm thrilled Vangelis included pieces  that weren't used in the film. &quot;Wait For Me&quot; and &quot;Rachel's  Song&quot; make me feel as though I'm watching the film for the first time,  despite having seen it dozens of times. And it was brilliant for Vangelis  to blend each song into the next to create a seamless whole.<br />However, I  also feel I don't need the dialogue from the film. And I thought the  booklet had too many wasted pages with stills from the film. I can get all  that from my DVD or my copy of the book about the making of Blade  Runner.<br />Aside from those two minor carps, this is a must-have for any fan  of the film, as well as for any music lover with a taste for a haunting,  beautiful, and unusual soundtrack. They sure don't make them like this  anymore.
B0000060NA|5.0|This collection is off the hook!   I would recommend this to ALL people!   Stevie Wonder is a pure authentic genuis.  If you buy this one you might as well purchase &quot;Song Review&quot; also.  If you have not bought this  album [songs in the key of life], you have been musically deprived.  If you  do decide to get this album, pay special attention to &quot;Joy Inside My  Tears.&quot; This, in my opinion, is the most thoughout, heartfelt song on  the entire album.  Do not hesitate to purchase this product because I did,  and it was a mistake.  I am glad I bought it. This is an album that you  simply can not do without.  And for all of you who want to purchase this  album JUST because of the song &quot;AS,&quot; just to let you know,  &quot;AS&quot; is not even the jist of this album.  This is an album that  you could just sit and listen to for hours at a time.  Stevie Wonder's  talent gets ahold of you and have you so where you don't want to let it go.   Buy this album.  It is well worth the money.  In fact, this album should  be priced a little higher than what it is. This is pure authenticy.  I  don't know anyone who could write a song about a season and make it sound  wonderful.  This man did, and he is absolutely wonderful.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is one of the most fully-realized works that I have ever heard.  Musically, Tool seems to be acutely aware of the traditional &quot;rules&quot; of the genre, because they break every one of them on  this stellar event. As far above and beyond the rest of the pack as  anything released in the last 10 years.  I would say that this is the sound  of the future, but more likely this is just the sound of the band - there  is not a simple formula to extract and replicate their sound.  While the  darkness of the lyrics and the complexity of the music likely remove some  listeners from the equation, this is what music should be - digested as a  whole, this album is simply untouchable.
0553108034|5.0|It's brilliant.  Mr. Martin has blessed the genre with a wonderfully written series.  I am eagerly awaiting the next book.  Let's hope we don't have to wait as long for his installment as we do for Jordan's.
B000009RC2|2.0|McLaughlin went a little too far with this album.  Although McLaughlin's guitar playing sounds sensational, it also sounds like a big show in his honor.  He should try to give more credit to the other members of his band  by giving them a chance to be heard.  If you do like to here endless and at  times pointless guitar playing then this is definitley the album for you.
B000002H33|5.0|I have been a drummer for 14 years and in many bands. I can appriciate the level of talent on this CD. This is their best work, incredible drums, guitars, bass and passionate vocals take you on a rollercoster ride. The  songs have beauty, and can be savage at points. Each song has melody,  thought provoking lyrics and awesome music. I have worked in music retail  and own over 600 CD's and have heard tons of metal, this is one of my top 5  best CD's of ALL time!  If you like metal, you must own this classic. The  music today just can't match up. I challenge anyone to disagree about this  CD. There is no weak spots on this CD, 8 of the best metal masterpieces put  on CD. They hit the top with this one. If your a metal fan, get this one  and Kill em' all, Ride the Lightning, .... and Justice for all. These are a  great set of metal CD's with some of the best talent ever put  together!  Master Of Puppets is my Bible!
1573226521|5.0|The Beach is not really the type of book which l like to read, but this was brilliant l could not put it down. The only reason l read this book to start with was because l wanted to know how different the film was and l'm  so gald l did in the end. Anyone will love this book travelliers the  most!
0684867621|5.0|This was a different route of horror for King.  Imagine being lost in the woods for several days, the terror of hearing every little noise and  imagining the worst.  For any King fan, this is a great read.
B000000JO3|5.0|This album is the predecessor to hardcore and should not be compared to modern day punk. Every hardcore band today uses elements of this formula , from frank, honest lyrics,  to fast or staggered intros which slide easily  into a pounding breakdown (note: slower part). Ian mackay did not establish  straight edge with these songs. It was not his intent to start that  movement as we know it today. He was simply sharing his views to those who  wished to listen. Those who did hear may have gone to far, but they did  establish a positive movement, which, like all things, can be taken to far.  This is a landmark album. Once again it is hardcore and should not be mixed  up with bands like NOFX, who try not to take themselves too seriously, and  should be given credit for their own style.
0156528207|5.0|the story was great for it was not only for kids but also for all. it was true in that story we grown-up dont usually look to the deeper meaning of a thing. get my point.!
0385486804|5.0|This book grabbed a hold of me, shook my emotions around and then placed me back down to earth wondering what just took place....that was my adventure.  I simply loved this book..and read it in one night.  Chris'  story is both amazing and tragic...it makes you wonder what made this  bright kid tick and why he would trade a traditionally comfortable life to  chase the (more) fiction (than non-fiction) of Jack London and/or Therou.   What is even more interesting is how close he came to making it Either way,  its a great read. As an aside, I actually wrote the author, Krakauer b/c  the book moved me so, and he responded w/ a hand-written postcard answering  my questions.,,....seems like a class/regular guy...I was very impressed.   Anyway, I hope you like it....
B0000026UL|4.0|&quot;Oh Mercy&quot; is probably Dylan's best release of the '80s, following a decade of inconsistency.  Daniel Lanois does a great job with the production here; as all the instrumentation can be heard clearly with  Dylan still front and center.  Whether it was the production or Dylan  himself, his voice sounded better than it had in years.
6305750750|5.0|When I watched Episode 1, at 30 years old, I was transported back to 1977, when I saw &quot;Star Wars&quot; in Brazil, probably twice as mystified as the US kids because I had to read subtitles in Portuguese, and to me the  entire movie was in an alien language, English.<br />Unfortunately for those  around me I never grew out of the Star Wars phase of my life, still much  less overbearing than trekkies, I would imagine.  There is a beauty about  accepting the narrative without having to explain every detail about how  something is scientifically or physically possible.  That is a simple  beauty of Star Wars, it is the reality of the time portrayed in the movies,  and all the technology is merely an everyday fact to the story, sort of  like the Internet as an everyday reality today.<br />I really do not think  that the new episode lost any of its magic.  Sure it is a bit silly and  corny, but often when talking about grandeur, you cannot help it but make  it that way.  The people who are criticizing the new movies so much  probably were not the ones who were around 4 to 15 when they watched the  original...  that is the people the movie appealed to...  Just like the new  fans, who are around that age...  Most of the people who hate Jar Jar are  older, but not me, heck, it is a children's movie.<br />To all the people who  criticize Lucas so much, you must have no heart, and no imagination.  Lucas  managed to write a good story, and made it with no cursing, and virtually  no blood.  In an age where the idols of youth include pop artists who get  in trouble for weapons, gang involvement, and murder, this is pretty  good.<br />Of course there is a time and place for a good &quot;Type O  Negative&quot; or &quot;Rage Against the Machine&quot; CD, as well as  &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; and &quot;Platoon&quot;...  All I am saying is  that there is a time for everything, and those criticizing Lucas harshly  are just not seeing the movie with the &quot;right eyes&quot; for themoment.<br />Best Regards, Demon
0784011176|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie!  It was absolutely beautiful, sweet and romantic.  Definitely a chick flick, but hey, I'm a girl.  I actually think it deserves six out of five stars.
B000002PB2|5.0|This was an excellent debut album by a very talented band. Every song is great melodic hard driving rock with excellent vocals. Brad Gillis and Jeff Watson are great guitarists and Jack Blades is a great singer and bassist.  SING ME AWAY and DON'T TELL ME YOU LOVE ME  are two of the best rock songs  of the 80's in my opinion. There isn't a bad song on this CD. This album  sounds just as good today as it did when it came out.
6302720419|1.0|Riddle:  What do you get when you cross stupid adults, illogical action, ridiculous dialogue with some of the worst acting done by kids in all of history?  No it's not outtakes from &quot;The Brady Bunch&quot;.If a person  after reading this review actually wants to sit through this film, I won't  give away the ending.  Supposedly based on a short story by Stephen King  (even he should disown this) it is one of the funniest since PLAN 9 FROM  OUTER SPACE.A group of kids own a town through a &quot;religious  cult&quot;.  A couple &quot;wanders&quot; into the town called Gatlin and  the stupidity begins.  The adults keep mentioning that they should go to  Hemingsford and one keeps hoping they will.  Take my advice-if you want to  put up with this kind of trash, wath re-runs of &quot;The A-Team&quot;.   One of the funniest lines in this one is:  &quot;He was already dead when  he stumbled out on the road&quot;.  Don't bother!
B0000025OP|5.0|This one is full of brilliantly written, underrated classics.  Forget the stuff the critics like, go with the stuff the fans tell you comes from the heart.  This one is from the heart.
0800177177|4.0|This film, the upteenth telling of the classic novel is quite simply one of the most sumptiously filmed and brilliantly stylistic.  Unlike the other adaptations, it is the first to combine as completely the true history of  Vlad, the Impaler with the tale of the legendary vampire. Through the  excellent screenplay by James V. Hart and director Francis Ford Coppola's  understanding of it, it does so with nary a seem showing.  The explanation  of how the fictional legend and the historical person became one is handled  with such beauty, tenderness and intelligence that one might forget the  horror elements of the story.But the eerie quality and sometimes violent  nature of the film provides enough scares to satisfy even the strictest  horror aficiaonados.The music score, make-up, costumes, sets and visual  effects are fantastic.  The cinematography and sound are particularly good  and contribute greatly to Coppola's and Hart's overall vision.  That vision  is among the most imaginative and original ever committed to celluloid.The  aforementioned script when dealing with the legend follows Stoker's book  very closely.  The almost documentary use of the character's diaries,  letters and newspaper clippings in the book comes through effectively in  this film.Gary Oldman's portrayal of the Count is excellent and alternates  with great regularity between fury, tenderness, repulsiveness and tragedy.   Due to Coppola's and Hart's concept and Oldman's thinking man's approach to  acting, the title character comes through infinetly more dimensional than  ever before.Winona Ryder as Mina, Keanu Reeves as Harker and Tom Waits as  Renfield are all quite good.  Reeves particularly gives Harker more courage  and strength than in past versions and therefore is closer to the book's  depiction of the character.The only major flaw in the cast and in the  entire film is Anthony Hopkins as Van Helsing.  Surely the second most  important character in the novel, he was originally written asa person  with equal parts strength, sensitivity and presence.  In this film he comes  across much too colorful and bizarre and the quiet strength of the  character in the original book is very seldom felt.  This, as in the  qualities of the film, is due as much to Coppola and Hart as it is to  Hopkins.  The audience acquainted with Stoker's Van Helsing never quite  become comfortable with Hopkins broad and often inaccurate interpretation.   His performance keeps the film from winning a 5-star rating.In tying both  the legend and the history together, things are added and sometimes changed  from the Stoker novel.  But these changes and additions are necessary given  the extra attention paid to the life of Vlad, the Impaler.  Considering the  connection referred to between Vlad and the infamous Count through the  years, it is the sincere wish of this reviewer that more filmmakers follow  Coppola &amp; Hart in the future.  And if those future filmmakers are half  as successful in their attempts, the results will at least be interesting.
B0000024W3|5.0|Dylan continues to amaze with this diverse group of tunes.  Listen when you are in the mood for some good, acoustic-based, well-written songs of love, loss, betrayal, and hope.  Rock on, Bob!
B000002BQK|5.0|this is a wonderful cd! i got rainbow first and really liked rainbow but i think butterfly is better. the best song is the roof! other great songs are beautiful ones, butterfly, and breakdown! if you like mariah now then you  have to buy this cd! you will LOVE her!
078062999X|3.0|In a mad frenzy to see all the Shakespeare adaptations ever filmed BEFORE my upcoming trip to England, where I shall be viewing the Royal Shakespeare Company in all it's glory IN PERSON (hooray!),  I eagerly snatched up  Kenneth Branagh's version of Hamlet.  Branagh's acting has increased in  value in my eyes as a result of this viewing, though his directing has  perhaps been lowered just a bit.  My experiences in the past with Branagh  included Much Ado About Nothing, of which I consider him THE quintessential  Benedict, but I'm even more impressed with his portrayal of Hamlet.   Kenneth Branagh IS Hamlet.  Yes, his performance awed me.  I also enjoyed  excellent performances by Kate Winslet and Derek Jacobi and cameo  appearances by Charleton Heston and Robin Williams.  The costumes were  beautiful, the sets and scenery exquisite.  I was enthralled.  But I was  disappointed by a few things that Branagh did- I felt that Ophelia, though  played wonderfully by Winslet, was not quite as Shakespeare would have  wanted her portrayed.  The love scenes between Branagh and Winslet were not  only completely unnecessary, but also unrealistic.  I cannot imagine that  Hamlet and Ophelia would have been quite that intimate- and I fear that  Shakespeare never conveyed such in his original play.  The mad scene by  Ophelia near the end was TOO mad, more disgusting than heart wrenching.   And what was up with the prostitute in Peloponius' bed?  The strange camera  angles?  <br />All my criticisms aside, I DID enjoy the adaptation;  the  production was lavish and beautiful, Kenneth Branagh will always to me  epitomize Hamlet, and last but not least, the soundtrack is altogether  lovely (I'm listening to it as I write!).  For adults with a passion for  Shakespeare (too much sex for kids to see this, unfortunately), Branagh's  Hamlet is certainly a film to see.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden has done it again. Although there have been many changes, including lead singer Darren Hayes's move to New York and break-up with his marriage, their music appears to have flourished. Most of the songs on this  album carry a note of sadness and aching never seen before from them, which  makes the music even more haunting and memorable. 'I Knew I Loved You' is  another classic love song, up there with 'Truly,Madly,Deeply' and 'The Best  Thing' is another great dance song. 'Affirmation' would have to be one of  my favorites, because of all the wise and truthful lines Hayes wrote for  it. If you love dance-happy pop, techno, or just love endearing sentiments,  buy &quot;Affirmation&quot; : it's a magnificent album. These guys are  definitely NOT one-hit wonders.
6304025831|5.0|&quot;Casino,&quot; much like the book by Nicholas Pileggi, depicts the underground world of skimming money, stealing money, and making money.  It gives the viewer an incredilbe insight on just how much power the mafia had  over Las Vegas in the 1970's.  Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci play two very  well acted characters, based on two real-life mob bosses that knew and grew  up together.  If you've ever been to Las Vegas, wanted to go to Las Vegas,  or heard anything about Las Vegas, you should definately watch this movie.   A gem.
0385043805|4.0|I have had an intimate knowledge of Rebecca, by Daphne Du Maurier, for several years and not until today have I been able to share my thoughts on this terrific novel. What originally captured me was what most other people  might consider the novel's downfalls. The formal diction, vivid imagery,  and abstract character developments drew me to the heart of the novel's  secrets. The omnipresent tormentor, Rebecca, gave the novel a charnal house  atmosphere.  It was definitely the most intriguing piece of literature I  have ever read. I will continue to read this book and pour over it's worn  pages for many more years to come, I suggest you do the same.
0780626494|5.0|Sure, the idea of someone spending the first 35 years of their life underground is a bit freaky to say the least, but there is a message much deeper than comedy here: America wants its values back, though it can't  have them.  Brendan Fraser does as good a job as can be done with this  role, and there is a lot to like here.  Romantic, funny, and Silverstone  shines through her cynical character.  Maybe rent it first, but I say buy!
0440234743|1.0|This is a way overwritten Grisham with the oh-too-familiar fat lawyers and fat cats against the wiser and, seemingly more vunerable. In this case, God is on the side of the &quot;weak&quot; and the most interesting parts come  from the jungles of Brazil and what we learn about the Indian cultures.  That aside, Grisham has been here before and done better.
0792837614|5.0|The best modernized version of the classic &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; story yet created! Memorable tunes and sharp wit are only a few things I could say to praise this film. You will walk away humming and sniffling!
0767802551|5.0|I always catch alot of grief for this, but I gotta say this is one of the greatest mobster movies of all time.  This movie grips you right from the get go.  The story line is awesome.  And Depp and Pacino together are  priceless.  If you don't like this movie... &quot;Forget about it&quot;.
0451160916|3.0|The characters were deep in the story and the plot was thick but it could not hold my attention and took weeks to finish. It wasn't fast paced, I guess. It still beats the movie. (Don't see the movie first as I did, it  may reveal too much of the plot, even though it lacks much of the book to  make the book interesting)
B000001FS6|5.0|this record is probably my favorite out of any u2 has ever done.  it does not contain some of the bands best songs, but the combination that they do have is a perfectly pleasing cascade of songs. the combination and content  are what make this album great
B000000Y2F|5.0|Okay, let's get started.  This album is one of my very favorite jazz discs that I have laid ears upon.  The disc starts out with &quot;Ruby, My Dear,&quot; a very mellow ballad, done here wonderfully.  The coyness of  this track does not hint at what is to come.  <br />The Monk standard  &quot;Trinkle, Tinkle&quot; reminds a fellow of a lilting jaunt.  A lilting  jaunt through where, you ask?  You decide, but I get the feeling Monk had  some sort of chase scene in mind.  And Trane pulls off a killer solo as  well.  I dig it.  <br />&quot;Off Minor&quot; has an almost humorous bounce to  it, envigorating.  Makes me laugh, and no one says a word.  <br />The next  track, &quot;Nutty&quot; is just that.  The tune's expositionary sequence  is very carefree in sound, gliding one into a mellow groove.  And then  along came Trane.  Let's just say he adds a frenetic energy to the track  with his solo.  Hence the title, I suppose.<br />&quot;Epistrophy.&quot;  My  fav Monk tune.  And here, he just happens to be jammin' with Coltrane.   Wow.  I love this one because it is so richly mysterious.  Almost haunting.   On Trane's solo, the tension created by the space in between his bursts of  chords gives this song another dimension of sound, more extreme than Monk's  other versions. <br />Closing the disk is a 9 and a half minute piano solo by  Monk titled &quot;Functional.&quot;  Thinly bluesy in nature, this tune is  as beautiful and fun as any solo I have heard on piano. I am not sure how  many hands Monk really has.  But one thing for sure, we got two genius  minds on the same disc.
0345389409|5.0|I thought this book was phenomenal.  Anne takes you to places you may never experience in another book.  From the gates of heaven to the depths of hell, you begin to wonder exactly what your own personal beliefs are.   Very religious - Anne did a lot of research before writing this one.  This  book is very deep and you must be prepared to take this journey with Lestat  with an open mind, or you just wont enjoy it or get it.  This book stayed  with me for a long time, but I can't wait to read it again.
B000003489|5.0|This is high octane Coltrane.  This album runs the gamut from the explosive, to the mystical; from the melancholy, to the exuberant.  The title cut is immaculate, and &quot;Syeeda's Song Flute&quot; is on of the  most mysterious  songs I have heard.  Coltrane's &quot;sheets of  sound&quot; period is generally regarded as starting with this album.   Also, &quot;Spiral&quot; is not to be missed.  Excellent album.
B000001FA4|5.0|After listening to the powerful &quot;Joshua Tree&quot;, &quot;Unforgettable Fire&quot; was their next greatest.  It opens up with &quot;A Sort of Homecoming&quot; which is the best song on there.  Even  better than &quot;Bad.&quot;  I really love the sounds to &quot;Elvis  Presley&quot; and &quot;Wire.&quot;  The good thing I really like about  this album is that it came out the year I was born.  And of course, the  second best song from U2 is on here, &quot;Pride!&quot;  It doesn't beat  &quot;With or Without You&quot;, but it has a wonderful melody.  I own all  of U2's CD's!  This is my second favorite from them. The best overall is  &quot;The Joshua Tree!&quot;  I don't know why so many people disagree with  &quot;Rattle and Hum.&quot;  It contains an awesome live version of  &quot;Pride&quot;, &quot;Bullet the Blue Sky&quot;, and &quot;Silver and  Gold.&quot;  If you don't already have this album by the greatest band  ever, than buy it right now!
0515127485|4.0|This book is two thrillers, not one.  The first establishes the truth behind the notebook, the second, after an interlude en route to the freezing depths of Archangel, confronts the truth.<br />Half way through, I  found it difficult to predict how or why the awful truth hidden away in the  forests should be so terrifying, but all becomes clear as the book  unravels.  The potential horror of resurrected Stalinism is highly  plausible, while the ending translates what had apparently been a series of  chance encounters into premeditated history.  This is where truth and  fiction blur - Harris has woven his fiction so closely with reality that  the tale quite possibly contains a grain of truth or rumour.<br />There are  loose ends, particularly the motivations and hidden agendas some characters  have stored away.  However, to pick holes is somewhat churlish, for Harris  knows how to enter the reader's psyche and to create a page-turner.<br />I  look forward to the next Harris saga with keen interest.  At the current  rate, should be due about 2004!
B00000ILBK|4.0|Good Movie. I think the Best in the TNG Movies.
B000002TYX|4.0|A fascinating look into the early Beatles, before they could afford good gear.  Get this set, if only to hear Leave My Kitten Alone.  The live recordings offer an insight into how huge Beatlemania was.  Consider this  more for glimpses into the early years than for great music, and you will  not be disappointed.<br />As for Free As A Bird, it is the least reason to buy  the set.  Sounds more like ELO than the fab four.
B000002G60|3.0|With &quot;99.9 F&quot;, Suzanne once has taken a sharp turn from mostly acoustic folk-pop to stylish techno and rock sounds, creating her own genre called &quot;industrial-folk&quot;. &quot;Nine objects..&quot; pursues this  &quot;new&quot; direction, but it is less innovative and interesting than  its almost groundbreaking predecessor. The sound builds up on rumbling  tribal drums, funky bass line, and alienated guitar samples, often evoking  a strangely intimate atmosphere. The lyrics are more personal than on  previous albums, and Suzanne has never sounded more erotic. On the other  hand, many songs sound too similar to each other, and the last four tracks  are barely more than filler. Best songs are &quot;Birthday&quot;, probably  Vega's most rock-oriented and aggressive song ever, and &quot;World  before..&quot;, looking back to her '80s-hits like &quot;Marlene on the  wall&quot;. Overall, this is my least favorite Vega album. She has set her  own standard too high.
B000002UYZ|5.0|It's a compilation album of some of the group's better know songs from the early part of their releases.<br /><br />Beware of cheap knockoffs.  If the price is too good to be true there is a reason for it.  Only buy from Amazon or a big box store.
B000002KD5|5.0|There were Fleetwood Mac albums before this one, but not with Stevie Nicks.  This was their breakout album, and their best ever.  Mac had a lot of good material later, but this one had the power of a volcano.  It  includes my favorite Fleetwood Mac song of all time, in the running for my  favorite song by anyone ever, the original Landslide.  Stevie also did  Rhiannon, a classic.  Meanwhile Christine McVie recorded the haunting and  beautiful Over My Head and Warm Ways.
078401213X|5.0|This movie is a visual and audio orgasm.  If you liked the Nine Inch Nails video for &quot;Closer,&quot; You'd probably like this movie.  A must for all techno-geeks or &quot;heads&quot;.
B0000024SD|5.0|Musically, perhaps the worst songs on the album are Johnny's in the basement mixin' up the medicine (Subterranean Homesick Blues) and I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.  Boy can he whine!  But the lyrics are  so great you forgive him.  Other songs on this album are beautiful.  Two  sides of a Gemini.  She's got everything she needs, she's an artist, she  don't look back (She Belongs To Me) - gorgeous record.  Tell me Billy Joel  wasn't copying it when he did She's Always A Woman To Me.  Dylan's Mr  Tambourine Man is on this record, and if you ever heard his incredible  version of this song you know it is far more beautiful than the hit by the  Byrds, though the Byrds did a pretty damn good cover.  This album ends with  two more haunting beauties - It's Alright Ma and It's All Over Now Baby  Blue.  Love Minus Zero is another jewel on this glorious album.
1573226521|5.0|I am absolutely certain that Leonardo D'Caprio or however you spell his name is going to spoil an excellent read. A book that i couldn't put down for six or seven hours of my life untill i finished and even then i wanted  to pick it up and make sure  i'd read every last bit of the blurb and  aurthorial information i could find.     Richard is depicted beautifully  and he seems real, with all his faults and mistakes and surreal wanderings  into fantasy. I feel this character could not be portrayed through  Leonardo's face - and you know they will change it so that he ends up with  a girl. Still the whole concept of a hidden paradise is well explored by  Garland and the social implications of such a circumstance are   investigated to a conclusion that is breathtakingly scary.
B00003CXAA|5.0|I think my award for the best acting performance of all time would go to Marlon Brando as Don Corleone.  Al Pacino puts in an excellent performance in the great role of the don's youngest son.  I've heard people say that  Godfather 2 is better than the original, but I'll take the original any  time.  Godfather 2 doesn't give us as great a character as Brando's  Corleone, and the role for Pacino isn't as appealing or exciting.  It's a  decadent Pacino in Godfather 2.  The big finish in Godfather 1 is a  classic.  This is one of the few movies, though not the only one, where  gangsters are likeable.
6305750750|5.0|Everybody seems to want to comment on why this one didn't seem to live up to the original, so I'll add my .02 rather quickly. The Empire Strikes Back in many ways defined the original trilogy, and was a cinimatic masterpiece.  This trilogy isn't to that point yet. So no, The Phantom Menace is not on  the same footing as the first trilogy. But it's only one movie at this  point. It's a first-rate entertainment that simply hasn't entered the area  of legend yet :)<br />And it's certainly high-quality entertainment. The pod  race was dramatic, but even it didn't thrill me nearly to the extent that  the climactic lightsabre duel at the end did. That was incredible, almost  too much for one film. Palpatine and Maul have a menace, although one  entirely different to what Vader presents in the earlier (later?) films.  While most of the characters don't develop a lot within the course of this  film, each of the major characters do have defining moments which are  well-written and acted. The film has all the elements we know and love.  Plus, the average quality of the acting is much better than Star Wars at  least. Liam Neeson provides a strength of character and while nobody is in  even the same ballpark as Alec Guinness or Peter Cushing, none of the  dialog is as painful as some of that stuff from Star Wars.<br />Still, the  film is subtly different in character from Star Wars. The bad guys are more  subtle, the good guys less emphatic. The (Phantom) menace is much more  ephemeral, and as such the dark-vs.-light theme is less classical. And,  most crucially, this is obviously film one of three. It's a setup. And as  such, it's in some sense a tremendous cliffhanger. So many questions about  the growth of the Jedi's understanding of the Force, Anakin's fate, and the  nature of the Sith are raised and left unanswered that you can't help but  yearn for Episode II, which has the potential to be every bit as epic as  the Empire Strikes Back. That will be the acid test of whether the Phantom  Menace, like Star Wars itslef, is &quot;just&quot; first-rate entertainment  or whether it provide a mythology for a new generation.
B000002W5J|5.0|I can appreciate what the other reviewers wrote about sound quality, but what I'm going to write about is Comin' Back to Me.  It's one of the most beautiful songs ever recorded.  The summer had inhaled and held its breath  too long.  The winter looked the same as if it never had gone.  Through an  open window where no curtain hung.......I saw you......I saw  you.......comin' back to me.  How would you like to see the girl you used  to be kissing when you put this record on, looking just like she did then,  and just as passionate?  Other favorites were My Best Friend and Today.
B00001QGPR|5.0|This Cd flows from one song to the next like a river pulling you to its source.  Here, unlike his work over the last decade, that source is Bowie himself and no other.  <br />Simply put, his best set of songs in a very long  time.
0792839846|5.0|My favorite moment in Casablanca, and in a sense the moment that really gives meaning to the rest of the movie, is when the activist rouses the people in Rick's cafe to resist the Germans.  It's done very simply.  The  Germans in Rick's are singing.  The activist, the hero, inspires the rest  of the crowd to drown the Germans out with a rousing French national  anthem.  So we see how powerful he is, and why people must make sacrifices  on his behalf.  It's a pleasure to hear the German song drowned out by an  anthem of freedom.  Needless to say, Bogie is great in this movie, not just  another tough guy.  We've heard that alternate endings were shot, but there  can be no other ending.
B00000AFHM|5.0|Belle &amp; Sebastian is simply the best pop band since The Stone Roses. Both music and lyrics reminds me of The Smiths in their prime. B&amp;S has a softer touch than these band, while it's still edgier than let's say  Simon &amp; Garfunkel. This is the groups third album and is arguably their  best. Don't miss it!
6304119046|2.0|Yes I know, you're about to vote thumbs down on my review of Citizen Kane.  So be it.  This movie was called the greatest movie of all time.  Why?  Because Orson Welles is supposed to be a genius and this is supposed to be  his masterpiece?  It's a long, boring movie, poorly directed, choppy, and  annoying.  The reaction to this movie reminds me of the story of the  emperor with no clothes on.  There's nothing here to rave about.  How can  you put this in a class with African Queen, Casablanca, and the other truly  fine flicks?
6305169187|1.0|after having watched this movie 100 times at least at work i can say that it is one of the worst movies ever made, which is sad because up until they go into space i find it fairly amusing.  Unfortunately it turns into a big  loud mess with the last hour being so ridiculous you cant hear any dialgue,  etc etc.  It doesnt get much worse than Ben Affleck telling Bruce Willis he  loves him
B00000253N|5.0|This was my favorite of all the Dylan albums that came after his first wave.  I think it's one of his best 2 or 3 of all time.  Hootie and the Blowfish loved Tangled Up In Blue so much that they imitated it and lifted  some of the lyrics.  Joan Baez covered Simple Twist of Fate, even mimicking  Dylan's voice on one verse.  Lily Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts is a  great cowboy story, believe it or not, and a masterpiece.  One of my all  time favorite Dylan lyrics is Idiot Wind.  You're an eeeyidiot babe!  It's  a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  Reminds me of my old boss.   Nobody can put so much feeling into the word idiot as Dylan.
6300270726|5.0|This movie, though a little dry and slow-moving in some places, is incredible.  The passionate storyline of the struggle of the tin-pans against the evil villan who runs the local town is riveting.  Eastwood's  character is intense and he portrays him in a way only Clint can do.  The  retributions paid to the evil are awesome and the ending shootout scene  with the duster-clad Marshal Stockburn and his deputies was intense.  I  especially enjoyed John Russell's performance of the crooked lawman, who I  feel was one the best aspects of the movie.
B0000024YL|5.0|Sounds of Silence, Bridge Over Troubled Water.  What a team.  The album is really great, and it doesn't even have all my favorites.  Have you ever heard Seven o'clock News/Silent Night or The Only Living Boy in New York?   They're not here.  You have to buy another couple of S&amp;G records  besides this one.  But you get The Boxer, Homeward Bound, Bookends, For  Emily, Scarborough Fair.  Slow down, you move too fast.
055321277X|5.0|The book is an allegory of someone who  leads a dual lifestyle. by day Dr Jekyl is a respected physician, but he wants to see the evil side of his nature. So he creates a chemical that separates the two. And what does he  become-a shorts, monkey like man who is as wild and violent as any coke  fiend today. It reminded me of how many of our neighbors lead double lifes.  Closeted homosexuals, drug users, are people who have two sides to  themselves but don't show it. The sory mirrors Stevenson's own lifestyle.  He had an affair with a married woman and suffered from tubberculosis. He  had a reckless side to him but wouldn't show it. He wrote this book with  one thing in mind-everyone wants to be able to do as they please, even if  the things they want to do are evil, but do some people actualy do them?
B0000024RQ|5.0|There are so many great Dylan albums.  I think this one is my favorite.  It came very early in his career, his second album.  It introduced Blowin' in the Wind, Masters of War, A Hard Rain's a Gonna Fall, and Don't Think  Twice It's All Right.  In a tongue in cheek way, Oxford Town is another  masterpiece, and definitely one of my favorites.  He also includes some  excellent talking songs.  I used to work for some people I couldn't stand,  and I really identified with Dylan on Masters of War walking over to the  graves of dead villains and standing there until he was sure that they were  dead.  Dylan was a folk singer with the punch of a heavyweight.
B00000JGEI|5.0|When I saw the first &quot;Terminator,&quot; I was hooked. I thought that it was one of the most fantastic combinations of sci-fi, action and drama I had ever seen.  I was reluctant about the sequel at first; I'd already been  exposed to insipid sequels to many films that couldn't hold a candle to the  original.  But then, I saw it, and I have loved it ever since.  This sequel  to James Cameron's 1984 movie adds to the story without diluting or  drastically changing the storyline, which is a great thing. It picks up  where the last one left off, albeit 10 years later. Another Terminator is  sent back in time to destroy the hope for all mankind.  This time, instead  of Sarah Connor (whose son is the future salvation for mankind in a  post-apocolyptic universe) being the target, it is her son John (who is  still a child) who becomes the subject of termination.  Rather than have  Schwarzenegger play the dreaded evil Terminator of the first film, Cameron  instead has him play a Terminator who has been reprogrammed to protect  young John from the dreaded T-1000 (Robert Patrick), who is a Terminator  with very advanced characteristics.  Sarah Connor herself has been  separated from her son, declared legally insane, and spent the years since  her first Terminator experience building herself up physically and  emotionally, becoming very military-like, to prepare for what she knows  will come.  It is up to John and his Terminator protector to save both her  and try to change the course of history as it will come to be known. But  can they do it?  Can they really alter the past in order to preserve  humanity?  And will they be able to avoid the T-1000 long enough to do it?   I was on the edge of my seat while these questions were being answered.   This film is the perfect blend of special effects and storyline, a great  sci-fi/action film with a very human heart.  It is great, and I love to  watch it whenever I get a chance.
B0000025VU|5.0|Musically, the opening song Jokerman is my favorite.  It has a relentless, rolling, building quality and nice crisp instruments.  Lyrically my favorites are Neighborhood Bully and Union Sundown.  Neighborhood Bully is  a defense of Israel, and refers to the abuse Israel took at the hands of  the United Nations when Israel destroyed Iraq's nuclear capability.  Dylan  was a decade ahead of his time, as usual.  How different would the Gulf War  had been if Saddam Hussein was sitting on a few dozen atom bombs aimed at  Israel and Saudi Arabia.  Union Sundown is about the attack on American  working people waged by America's greedy rich pig capitalist traitors who  close profitable factories in America to make a few extra bucks using slave  labor overseas.  Again Dylan was a decade or more ahead of his time.  This  is the #1 issue facing America today, and unfortunately not one of our  useless presidential candidates is taking it on.  The damn Bobbsey Twins of  our one-party Republicandemocrat system have chosen their side, and it  isn't Dylan's, and it isn't Joan Baez's, and it isn't yours, and it isn't  America's.  What's the term for a country ruled by and for the rich?  To  paraphrase Reagan, my family is a lot worse off economically today than  when he was in office, not that he did anything for us either.  The pigs  got us now, and they're going to keep squeezing us dry because they need  another ten million.  Made In The USA sure was a good idea til greed got in  the way.  Isn't it time for another damn mega-merger?  We haven't had one  this week yet, and there is still a little competition in the marketplace.
B000002LGW|5.0|I wasn't sure that a live album would be worth the 20+ dollars but I can say that in this case it was more than worth it. You can tell that both the guys and the crowd are having an amazing time and their enthusiasm creates  a magic that is still potent over 10 years later. From the minute i pressed  play and i heard the roar of the crowd and the first strands of pimpf a  huge smile spread across my face. This album is pure magic and it  definitely makes my heart smile.
B000002HHB|5.0|My favorite song on this album is Beloved Wife.  It's about a couple married 50 years.  The wife just died.  The husband would just as soon follow her.  My parents were married in 1942.  They are just like the  couple in the song.  They still hold hands.  My mom has done battle with  cancer and heart disease, and at the moment she has an inoperable heart  valve problem.  Needless to say, this song makes me cry every time.  Thanks  Natalie.  Who else would have done this song?  I can't think of anyone.
6304411448|5.0|This is a great film. What more do I say!  Well....It is one of the best films I've ever seen, and has replaced &quot;Harold and Maude&quot; as my favorite beat-the-odds romance. Johnny Depp's performance was absolutely  AMAZING--and who knew he could do funny?  Whoa. The chair scene was one of  the best, no wait, the rolls dancing was. Don't ask--when you see it;  you'll know. He is stunning both to look at and in the acting department;  the world needs more of these people. Perhaps clonig was invented for a  reason. Anyhow. The score was also great, and totally fitting--especially  the 500 miles one. I hope you see this movie; its' wonderful. Enjoy.
B000002UAU|5.0|Not long ago I played a bunch of Beatle albums, expecting my favorite to be Abbey Road or The White Album.  To my surprise my favorite was most people's favorite - Sgt Pepper.  If you are going to own only 10 classic  rock albums this has to be one of them.  The Beatles were experimental and  creative before Sgt Pepper, reaching new heights with every album, each  album an Everest, but they never climbed higher than this one.
B000002WYT|5.0|I am a devoted Dave Matthews Band fan, and I must say, this CD is one of my favorites.  &quot;Crash Into Me,&quot; &quot;Two Step,&quot; and &quot;#41&quot; are all enjoyable. I'm one who kills for mellow tunes, and  this CD has it all. However, I wish they hadn't put &quot;Too Much&quot; in  the beginning, as it took away from the flow of songs. It was ostracized  from the more upbeat songs, standing out of the mellower songs  aforementioned. Overall, though, this CD is a must-have for a die-hard fan  as well as the curious one.
B00000J2KT|5.0|A Stanley Kubrik masterpiece by all aspects, It is a great movie, superbly shot, and presented in an extremely efficient plot.<br />The plot is one of the best among the myriad of Vietnam movies, because it emphasize on how  the soldiers were first greeted &amp; treated in the boot camp. From the  very first second (the head shaving) all the way to to the last one in the  first part of the movie, we seee the soldiers to be going from humiliation  to another. Soldiers are not &quot;born to kill&quot; as the poster of the  movie announce, they are &quot;made&quot; killers. In my opinion this is  the uniqueness of the movie.<br />The second part is not as strong as the  first but I loved the way the camera was shooting in a low angle to mimic a  war reporter (what Spielberg imitated in Saving Private Ryan).<br />In my  opinion Amazon should include two kinds of rating (stars) one for the movie  as a movie and one for the delivery (the vhs or dvd quality, the sound  etc...) it took me three minutes to decide if I should pu 4 stars or 5 for  this movie, the DVD deserves 4 but the movie is a sure fiver!
B00000JCY0|5.0|I first listen this album when I was a teenager, now I am 37. I think this a album is one of best Rock albums ever made! It is the real root of Sweet, what they made later is not in this level.
6305750750|4.0|The Phantom Menace is a good movie. That's all it is though, a movie. If you go i expecting the second coming of Christ you will be dissappointed.
0140277447|3.0|This one is worth reading, but not because it is a great book. A spotlight on the historic event gets five stars, the book only three. Ms. Chang indeed approaches the Rape of Nanking as a journalist, not as a  historian. Her book is messy, passionate, overboard at times, but vital  nonetheless. For too many years the Japanese did not want the story told  and the Chinese were &quot;enemies&quot; of the U.S., and both  circumstances combined to keep the truth hidden. Ms. Chang is to be  commended for her efforts to get the story out to a wider audience, however  imperfectly.<br />The book could be better documented, it could be both more  detailed and less passionate; with stories as horrifying as these, the  facts will speak for themselves. It is refreshing to hear about Nazi consul  John Rabe, the nun whose name escapes me, and the other quiet and forgotten  heroes of the international community who worked long and hard to save  lives in the middle of a firestorm.<br />The current Japanese government and  most of its historical and educational establishment has been despicable  about trying to deny the truth of this event, as was the case with Korean  &quot;comfort women&quot; and other historic blots. But this hardly  distinguishes it from other nations' coverups, or their misdeeds. Only in  1999 did public stories begin to surface of US Army atrocities against  civilians in the early days of the Korean War. The important thing is to  investigate, get the truth out, and speak out early and loud about  recurrences, from Rwanda to Groszny.<br />As for the reviewers who suggested  the Japanese &quot;deserved the atomic bomb,&quot; or the gentleman who  concluded the Japanese Army's behavior must have been the rationale for  locking up thousands of American citizens who happened to be of Japanese  descent (my mother among them) ... sorry, but a second terrible wrong does  not redress a first. I hate the person or government who resorts to  injustice and violence as some form of compensation just as much as I hate  the person or government who initiates injustice and violence.e form of compensation just as much as I hate  the person or government who initiates injustice and violence.
B000002JKA|5.0|The only thing bad about dream theater is that it can only be appreciated by a musician.  Awake was the first album of their's that I heard and I was hooked from the opening drum riff.  It discourages me when I hear or see  people badmouth this band.  I have played the drums since I was 5 years  old, and I have a love for all kinds of music.  My favorites include rush,  primus, dave matthews band, dave weckl,tool, floyd and zepplin.  Basically,  I only listen to music that challenges me as a musician.  If I can play it  with ease, it's not good enough.  I believe that Dream Theater is the  pinnacle of modern music.  The rythms and melodies are beautiful, the flow  of the songs is seamless, and the performance at each instrument is beyond  expert.  Anyone who doesn't like the singer, bite me.  It's called  classical style.  Just like rush, queen, and all other talented high  pitched voices.  I realize that all you 60 year olds don't want to admit  that a band from my generation can touch bands like rush, zepplin, or  emerson,lake,and palmer(give me a break!), but Dream Theater is in a league  of their own, and in my opinion, number 1 or 2 of all time.
B00000J6AG|3.0|Hey, overall this is a good album.  HOWEVER... because it was such a big pop hit, everyone thinks that they are really hip and into the electronica scene.  THIS ALBUM IS NOT ELECTRONICA, it's blues, rock, etc. with a beat  and a synthasizer.  In fact I find it rediculiously cheasy at certain parts  (beginning of track 3).  &quot;Body Rock&quot; is kind of annoying.   Despite all my criticisms, Play is still really fun to listen to when  you're high.
6305750750|5.0|When Star Wars was released I was in first grade, I didn't care about the plot or the acting or the many other things that people are complaining about with Episode 1.  All I cared about was the fact that I was magically  taken away to a world that let my imagination soar.  We mimicked the  characters and reenacted the movies story over and over for most of our  childhood. When Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi appeared they  refueled this wonderful universe for me and my brothers play in. Now that I  am &quot;grown up&quot; I get to see my nephews and daughters enjoy this  magical world that had once captured me as a child. Episode 1 is  incredible, beautiful and captivating.  This movie was everything that I  had expected and more. I am very thankful that George Lucas created this  magical world for the next generation to enjoy.  I fully recommend this  movie for everyone to watch and to enjoy.  For those that didn't like  Episode 1 perhaps they should try watching it through the eyes that they  had when Star Wars was first released.
630562285X|5.0|This movie had to be the best love story I have seen in a long time.  Its not so much a love story though, its kind of hard to explain.  I think sean connery and catherine zeta jones were at their best.  I mean it is so neat  how they have these well thought out plans.  Its a little sad at the end,  but its a good ending and unexpected also.
B00000373U|5.0|Elliott Smith wears his inspirations on his sleeve and sings like an angel.  I have fallen in love with this album.  Either/or is an album full of hauntingly beautiful songs that give me faith again that at least one  man is still making music worth listening to.  Somehow this is the punkest  album I've heard in a long time...in the gentlest, sparest way.  Brilliant!
0679735259|5.0|I'm not a vet; I have no real personal connection with Vietnam or the war.  Nor was any required to experience Dispatches.  It's as much a poem about the condition of men at war, any men, any war, as it is the story of Herr's  year as a war correspondent.  It's not a history of the war;  you won't  find a handy map and glossary in the back. (If you honestly don't know what  words like di di, zip, grunt, 16, and DMZ mean, I suggest you bone up on  your history before trying this.)  However, if you're even mildly  knowledgeable, there's nothing to prevent you from feeling the full impact  of the language here.  And what language! If I ever manage to write  anything half so eloquent, so beautiful, and so horrifying in my life, I'll  be content to shut the laptop and walk away without writing another word.   <br />Herr describes, in brief and sometimes disjointed vignettes, his  experience as a war correspondent:  the fear of death, the love of the  machinery, the media-driven fantasies, the ambivalence of the troops  towards the correspondents, and the correspondents' ambivalence about the  troops, the misery of Khe Sanh, the frustrated schemes of the bureacracy,  the myth and the reality of the drug-taking, foul-talking,  anti-establishment reporters who supposedly &quot;lost us the  war&quot;.<br />I've probably been overstating this, but I love this book.
B00003Q438|5.0|or a SciFi fan if you don't appreciate this film.  The combination of technical feats in underwater filming and the special effect is fabulous.  And if you can't pick up on the subtext in the Directors Cut, well, you  must not have been paying attention.  Strong philosophical elements, if you  are.  And yes, the Directors Cut REALLY REALLY makes a difference!
6304711905|5.0|An excellent movie to entertain... excellent acting and decent portrayals of the real people the movie is based off of... DVD version looks most excellent :)
6303477259|5.0|We all love this version, now kick it up a notch with a DVD edition containing extra footage! If any concert video is deserving of the superior picture and sound clarity DVD offers, it's Pulse.
B000002JS8|5.0|The greatest rock n' roll album of all time is this one.  Highway To Hell is a journey of sex, booze, and rock n' roll cranked out by the one and only AC/DC.  But the true star is Bon Scott.  While prior albums showcased  Angus Young wailing away on the guitar, Highway To Hell shows Bon's  incredible but limited vocals and his absolute best songwriting.  The album  rocks in it's entirety.  The title track opening up, following that is  Girls Got Rhythm, a true classic.  The pounding of Walk All Over You and  the orgasmic feel of Touch Too Much are next.  The album has so much sex  it's actually a bit too much.  The panty gravy of Get It Hot is awesome so  is Beating Around The Bush, that's pretty muchself explanatory.  Not to  mention energy, If You Want Blood is ripping and the tail between the legs  of Shot Down In Flames is another classic.  In short, the entire album is  classic, and it's most unfortunate that Bon Scott passed away shortly after  it's release.  AC/DC pretty much passed away too after this one,  no one  can give this band the same kind of magic Bonny did, no one.
6305750750|5.0|Watching Phantom Menace is pretty much like seeing the conceptual art sketches bought to vivid, fantastic life. Anyone who's ever seen the prototype sketches for the original trilogy will probably have breathed a  sigh of relief that many of the final designs turned out the way they did.  <br />Still, you can't help but wonder how it could have gone, so just relax,  and enjoy that rarest of things, the glimpse of what might have been.  Ignore the griping of fans who let their imagination inflame their  expectations, and take the film for what it should have been all along - an  extended trailer for the finest film ever made.
B000031WD9|5.0|I loved this movie the first time I saw it. I did'nt think I would like it, but I loved it. I did'nt see it until a couple of weeks after it came out on video. It's funny, watch it.
6305657947|4.0|I could never buy the idea of scruffy Steve McQueen as a suave millionaire/art thief in the original overrated film. Pierce Brosnan is perfect in the role and Rene Russo made me forget what's-her-name(Ally  McDunaway? ) The remake is far superior to the original.
B0000087QO|5.0|This is New Wave Music at its absolute finest.  This raw edgy rock n roll and smooth slippery dance music.  And the beat laid down by the drummer is just extrodinary. Deborah Harry's voice works well giving us shades of  light and dark.  And the band just presses all the right buttons on this 12  track masterpeice.  I grew up up on seventies music and therefore I tend to  prefer that era the best.  However, with the many great records that came  out during that time period, this one would rank in my top 25.
6304798482|5.0|This movie is alien and Joe's apartment combined. It is like alien because a creature attacks and is like Joe's apartment because it deals with roaches. I might get this for valentine's day. It sounds scary and the best  reason I want it is because it is by my favorite video company dimension  home video!  Buy it!
0785748679|5.0|A timeless Poirot mystery that delivers all of the elements which make Agatha Christie so enduringly popular.  As always, the characters, the setting, the plot, and the grey cells combine for top notch storytelling.   When it comes to this genre, very few authors are in the same league.  I  have read all of the Poirot books many times over, and this one ranks with  the best.
6305750750|3.0|this movie sucked.  Sure the special effects were fun, even though Jar-Jar looked like a glorified Wallace and Gromit, and it had a great battle scene at the end, but other than that, this movie was a complete waste of my  time.<br />Personally, I'll wait for the Lord of the Rings movies.
B000006ZZ3|5.0|This album was awesome to start with, and the new song they put on here is even better!  It may cost a lot, but believe me, it's worth the buy!
B000002GQE|5.0|A typical day in 7 &quot;movements&quot;.  It's hard to find anything to say that hasn't already, but... This is a GORGEOUS, STUNNING work from start to finish.  I was blown away the first time I heard &quot;Nights In  White Satin&quot;, but that hardly prepared me for the wonderment of  hearing the entire album!  After years with little commercial success, THIS  put The Moody Blues &quot;on the map&quot;.  I've heard it said they  &quot;got it right&quot; and have been repeating themselves ever since.   Not strictly true-- but I'm hard-pressed to think of ANY other  &quot;pop&quot; group whose output has been so consistently EXCELLENT over  a long stretch.  For years I &quot;put up with&quot; an LP that was  probably pressed from a 3rd or 4th-generation tape.  THEN I heard the  remastering--  WOW!   At least 3 tracks SHOCKED me by how much BETTER they  sounded:  &quot;Dawn Is A Feeling&quot;, &quot;Peak Hour&quot; and  &quot;Twilight Time&quot;.  My appreciation for this masterpiece  INCREASED-- something I didn't think possible!<br />I love to play this  back-to-back with THE MAGNIFICENT MOODIES and PRELUDE-- the latter,  especially, will appeal to those who love the MB's Hayward &amp; Lodge  material, but not the Denny Laine R&amp;B period.
B00000IP2L|4.0|I think this is zakks best album yet.  The guitar work is incredible and the his singing/songwriting skills are fast improving.  this cd is not for the weak. its pure, no holds barred metal.
0767812387|4.0|a lot of my friends have seen this movie,the girls love Chayanne, the guys, of course,Vanessa Williams!i admit the plot is weak! great acting debut for Chayanne especially in the towel! music is so good! i even have  the soundtrack!
6305750750|5.0|Alot of people don't realize that Phantom Menace was a great movie for 1999, Compared to some of the other movies of 99' Menace has great sequals,which we've all have watched and the story line was great. I think  alot of fans just missed the great Han Solo which added a little something  more than Jar Jar Binks to this movie. Sorry, Han wasn't born just yet and  we needed to all see what started these...before their time trilogys. I  give Phantomn Menace the top gun because of the story and the grat Lucas  effects.
0385484518|5.0|i don't know why anybody would want to slander one man's realization of what makes life important and meaningful to himself.  this book refreshes what love means to an individual.  if you have high expectations for love,  well my friend, prepare yourself for failure.
B0000062GK|5.0|I had no idea about who Satriani was until my buddy introduced me to Crystal Planet.  My God, this CD is amazing!   You can almost feel the raw energy transport you to some magical place, from the opening track all the  way to the end!  Simply the best guitar work I have heard in a damn good  while.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Many times, I have made the mistake of buying a CD based on the singles released to the radio and MTV, only to find that the singles are the only decent tracks.  Occasionally, however, I am rewarded with a gem such as  Play.  When I made the purchase, I had only heard the tracks Run On and  Bodyrock.  Was I surprised!  Those two are now my fourth and fifth  favorites after Everloving, Why does my Heart Feel so Bad, and Natural  Blues.
6305750750|5.0|This movie is my favorite of all time after Empire Strikes Back.  You'll notice how a many of the reviews are very postive, but a few people out there just can't stand to see success.  They'll concentrate on the maybe 10  minutes of weak parts in the movie and totally miss out on the incredible  rest.  Too bad for them.
6303481345|5.0|Well this is not a movie for little kids but for my age group it is a pretty cool movie.  I give it 5 stars because of the seinerio and the charesters it was a great movie i hope they make more of the ninja scroll  movies
0385484518|5.0|i don't know why anybody would want to slander one man's realization of what makes life important and meaningful to himself.  this book refreshes what love means to an individual.  if you have high expectations for love,  well my friend, prepare yourself for failure.
0060194995|5.0|I first read this book during my third year of high school while still living in the Caribbean. It taught me many values which are now a part of my personality, and helps me to identify with what my people went through  in the post war years.African Americans can enjoy this fine piece of  literature.
6301390725|5.0|When I was young,there were things about this film that PETRIFIED me.One was the opening credits with the eerie bagpipes and the Nazis. The second thing was the invisible soldiers at the end.If I watched this part I had to  turn the lights on and grab something to put over my ears. Bloody  silly,right? Well,to change the subject,as a child,despite the fears,it was  one of my fave Disney flicks. Angela Lansbury is the most spunkiest  witch,and the kids are so cute! Wimpy David Tomlinson obviously won't tame  the red-headed vixenish Angela,so I really don't pin too many hopes of him  getting back together with her  after the war. The best songs are 'Age of  Not Believing','Portobello Road'and the song that triggers the flying  clothes sequence. Needs a sequel!(Hint-Hint,Disney!)
B00001NFCY|5.0|Wow,just when I thought Creed would never be able to duplicate their amazing debut album,they surpassed all my high expectations with this outstanding sequel.<br />An album where I have favourites but like the  previous album, all the songs are excellent!<br />Not Since Collective Soul  has a band touched my soul like they do, and like Collective Soul seem to  mature with each phenomenal album.<br />Songs like &quot;higher&quot; and  &quot;with arms wide open&quot; are simply modern day classics and are just  what was needed to show up there critics.An angels breath of fresh  air.Bravo
6305750750|4.0|As I strolled through the Regency 20 theaters on May 22, 1999,(with a jumbo pack of Twizzlers and large Sprite, my standard movie going fare) my anticipation was high. My imagination was filled with child-like delight.  My eyes twinkled like the prom queen's...ok, maybe that's more than you  NEED to know, but nevertheless, I was positively enthralled with the chance  to view before my very eyes, Star Wars: Episode 1-The Phantom Menace. The  movie was, without a doubt, the most hyped and anticipated presentation in  cinematic history, prompting people to even wildly erupt in thunderous  applause when the 2 minute TRAILER was shown months earlier(I even heard  one person exclaim &quot;REWIND IT! &quot;)....But how would it stand to  the discriminating critique of Joe Lunchpail and Sally Housecoat? Judging  from the word on the street, you'd think this movie was more disappointing  than &quot;Showgirls&quot;. But the box office receipts say  otherwise...Personally, I LOVED the movie, but then again, I'm ALSO  inpressed by the savagery of vultures fighting over a raccoon carcass. The  movie was nothing more than an introduction to the storylines to follow.  No, you will not find any gripping and compelling dialogue, although I do  admit to being a little choked up when young Anakin(played so Culkin-like  by Jake Lloyd) has to leave his mother. Like many a movie, it is eye candy  du-jour, with it's lush vegetation, desert landscapes, and your standard  dogfights in space. And THAT is why this movie is fun to watch. You even  get to see the Jedi's preference of corpse disposal towards the end of the  movie. It has it ALL....While I'm sure that Episodes 2 &amp; 3 will be more  spellbinding and satisfying to those who prefer more Shakespere and less  shooting, this movie is more pleasing to the eye. We will see more bonding  between Obi-Wan(Ewan McGregor), and Anakin(which I pray to GOD will not be  played at any point and time by Leonardo DiCaprio), and hopefully we'll seemore of Mace Windu(Samuel L. Jackson, 'cause even in SPACE, there's gotta  be a brotha' throwin' it DOWN on the bad guys! )...But this movie is  DEFINITELY worth your while, even if to just hear the entrancing and  soothing sounds of a swinging lightsaber....
089966301X|5.0|The film is dessert.  The novel is a thoroughly satisfying meal.  The movie is beautifully photographed, faithfully captures the dialogue, and it even gets the comic moments right.  But it can't do more than hint at the  pleasures of &quot;the real thing.&quot;<br />Every page of the book offers,  not just lush landscapes, but ideas worth arguing about. It reminds us that  people's actions are bubbles on the surface, the outward and visible signs  of events that take place deep within their interior worlds.  What's  astonishing about this story is how thoroughly it plumbs those worlds.   Like Faulkner and Virginia Woolf, Forster has the power to take us way down  into the lives of his main characters. We witness what they are becoming,  moment by moment.  And brooding over the whole story is the wordless,  intuitive influence of Ruth Wilcox (the Vanessa Redgrave character) and the  power of her love for family and home.<br />A hugely enjoyable book that  demands to be read again and again.
6304999275|5.0|ok, i'm no good at reviews, but how good do you need to be to say that this movie rules! it may not be based on the exact truth, but who knows the exact truth? Beside, it's a Disney cartoon, made to be children-friendly!  This movie is a compelling animated story with charming and witty  characters, cathcy and loveable songs, jokes, action and romance, and of  course, the bad guy. great to watch over and over again, for everybody!
B00000K19E|3.0|The special effects in this movie are absolutely amazing. The fight choreography was a little weak, but to be expected when working with the likes of Reeves and Fishburne. The bad guys are cool and the setting is  great. This movie is definately worth a look. Still, there are some HUGE  holes in the plot, not great acting, and a very thin rationale for blowing  away innocents who happen to get in the way. Look past these minor flaws  and you'll have a good time.
1558216847|3.0|This book starts with crisp, vivid detail and the author gives a startling view of Soviet imprisonment and a fascinating account of his 3 week train ride to a gulag. But after a brief period of confinement, the escape takes  on something of a familiar pattern which stretches the limits of  credibility.  While still a good book, I ask you, even when pushed to your  absoulute limits, if you could walk across Siberia in the winter, the Gobi  desert in the Summer, and climb the Himalya's in the winter, all while  being ill-equipped and averaging 30 miles a day for 4000 miles.  No way.  Everyone truly wants to beleive what is simply an unbelievable tale.  And  then to throw in a sighting of the Yeti, I think 'ole Slavomir is laughing  all the way to the bank.
1573226521|5.0|from one author to another, from one author who can no longer stand to read badly written prose, I started reading &quot;the beach&quot; in Barnes and Noble and i am already addicted to it.  Very well written in a hipster  style--good for anyone intelligent enough to comprehend, good for someone  who may not like to read but hates to read mass-market paperbacks, better  for the young or young at heart ages 15-25.  Really good if you wanted  something to read on an overseas flight--preferably to Thailand, since that  is the setting of the book.  Also good if you want to have an exciting,  albeit vicarious, experience into Thailand's backpacker culture.  Best if  you want to have a good time.  If you're a snowboarder or other extreme  jugador like me, this book won't let you down.  Anyway, what i'm saying  between the lines is that garland is a natural writer, and this book  therefore is naturally flowin' with easy , engaging prose.  Worth buying.
B000005H4F|5.0|This CD is in no uncertain terms, perfect.  From the haunting, almost imperceptible bass entrance in &quot;Autumn Leaves,&quot; to Miles croaking, &quot;Was that what you wanted Alfred?&quot; at the end of  Alison's Uncle - the last track; the album is a serious &quot;press play,  repeat and leave the damn thing alone&quot; type of CD.  Miles at his  earliest and most fundamental with the formidable backing of the Sam Jones  and Art Blakey rhythm section and the Cannonball wailing away on the Sax.   A surefire seduction CD and a joy to own.
B00001MXWX|3.0|While this latest installment of the Star Trek franchise was certainly entertaining and fun it left me wanting more. A lot more. Supposedly there is a desperate war being waged between the Federation and the Dominion, yet  the Federation's flagship is out picking flowers and dancing through the  tulips with 300 year-old hippies. Forgive me if I don't shed too many tears  for these happy folk, who have already managed to leech off Utopia for  centuries while Starfleet is going 15 rounds for their freedom.<br />There's  nothing really wrong with the movie itself. It's lighthearted, fast-paced  and exciting. But for those who follow the Star Trek universe this movie  falls very short.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|It's a good thing that I'm getting a DVD player this weekend, otherwise I wouldn't be able to watch this great movie that I ran all over town looking for.  Every single time I try to play this thing on my DVD-ROM it won't  play.  My brother-in-law tried it on his laptop and it didn't work there,  either.  And it's gotta be the disc since all my other DVD's work just fine  on my computer.  Imagine my disappointment when I sat down to watch this  thing and...nothing.  Anyways, it's an excellent movie, just don't get it  if you've only got a DVD player on your computer, or the only thing you'll  be able to use it for is a coaster.
B00000IB4D|5.0|This is the first Santana album after Carlos got into his religious/mystic stage.  It is quite a departure from other material by the &quot;group&quot;, although Carlos does have a number of solo albums along  the same lines.  It is more of a jazz fusion than the traditional latin  beat.  There is a duet with John McLaughlin and a cover of a Herbie Hancock  number.  There are also three excellent jazz flavored songs.  Fans of the  more traditional Santana music might not appreciate this experimentation  into jazz, while the jazz fusion fans might not appreciate the latin  rhythms. I found it to be an excellent merger of the two styles.
B000002NJS|3.0|As big and devoted fan I am of Madonna's, I don't necessarily gush at everything she releases.  Is Ray of Light a good album?  Sure.  Is it a masterpiece? Well, let time be the judge of that.  It definitely has its  moments (the whirligig title track, Swim, Little Star), but most of Ray of  Light, I find, ironically, to be a dense affair bogged down by arty lyrics.  If you want a masterpiece, check out Like a Prayer and come back to me in  ten years if you want my final opinion on Ray of Light.
0679721037|1.0|we had to read this for La talk about torture!  It had to many point of views!  BBAADD
0553213105|5.0|I thought this book was great. Not only is Elizabeth a strong main character, but the supporting characters make the book very enjoyable. They are so funny; especially the mother. I couldn't put it down. I loved it.
B000002IAS|5.0|If you were a young woman of the late sixties, and you had this album, you will know what I mean.  I could NOT stop belting out every song along with Bonnie--&quot;Do Right Woman&quot;...&quot;That's What My Man Is  For&quot;...She eclipses the guys for a change ( and I am a huge Clapton  fan) with her incredibly sensual howlingly torrid voice.  Oh go buy it.  Who cares if the CD quality is bad? HA!
B000023VR6|5.0|what can i say about this CD? i have been DJ'ing Garage fo the past 3 years, i've always loved B.I.G (rest in peace, and this an album the big man himself would be proud of. its fresh and snoop and DRE make a wicked  combo. there is some wicked vocals from slim &amp; hittman. this is one of  the only albums i own that i can listen to every day and listen to every  track. DRE got it sorted with this one all those fake rappers better listen  and take notes.
B00003XACV|5.0|American Beauty touched me the way no other film ever has.  The acting, directing, and script are all perfect.  So is Thomas Newman's score.  The music ranged from sad to energetic, evoking memories and feelings from the  film.  My favorite track is &quot;Mental Boy&quot; a delicate piano solo.   Newman isn't just at home with the piano however.  He uses strings,  feedback, and various other instruments that most composers rarely use.   This is Newman's best work to date from the best film that I have ever  seen.
B000002H5I|5.0|Fast Car is a song about never giving up on your dreams, and that is why I never get tired of listening to it.  Tracy Chapman writes  powerful songs with timeless themes and that is what makes this CD so good  I really  loved her delivery on Talking Bout A Revolution.  It is very  inspiring  song about the problem of unemployment.  Baby Can I Hold You is about how  people have difficulty saying how they feel about each other.  Across The  Lines is about the hope for racial equality for all people.  Mountains O  things is about trying  to find happiness with the things you have.  This CD is a must in your collection.
B000002LIM|5.0|Hello my name is Brent, my last name is not important.  I love DannyElfman's music and admire his work!This particular score was actuallyDanny's first full blown action score,and still it's probably the best music I've heard from him,he even won an Emmy for it!So all I have to say is if you like Danny Elfman and you don't have the score to Batman, GET IT!
0385421982|5.0|This is the best book John Grisham has written yet and I am a BIG fan.  The Brief, written by a law student got her into a whole lot of trouble.  Yet the FBI didn't even take it seriosly when her lover was blown up. Like  I said in the beginning, this is one book you just have to read!
B00000J7J4|2.0|The songs by the Santana band just by themselves are great, the guest appearances however are awful (with exception of The Calling w/Eric Clapton). <br />If you really want this, make a tape or a Mini Disc of the  good stuff from someone else's CD and save your money. Go and buy Abraxas  instead. I'll give Supernatural two and a half stars based on the  Santana-only tracks.
B000003BF1|3.0|A couple of good songs here. Monkey Man, and Gimme Shelter. &quot;You cant always...&quot; is one of the most over-rated songs in the history of music. This album is the Stones second in their run of four decent albums.  I feel this is the weakest of all four(but not nearly the weakest Stones  album). Id recommend not buying this record, instead purchasing the  &quot;Hot Rocks&quot; collection of the best Stones songs. But if you can  find it in a &quot;Used&quot; section, then its probably worth the Six  bucks if only only for the guitar intro on &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot;. As  with most Stones records, Jaggers voice just doesnt carry a whole album.  Mick Taylor made this band, and gave it new life. Anything without him is  nothing special(Except some of the stuff on &quot;Some Girls). There early  stuff was decent, when they were playing the Beatles little brothers. Didnt  the Beatles write a song for them? Get Stick Fingers, and Hot Rocks, and  that will about cover it for the Stones.
B000002JS6|5.0|Bon Scott's excesses and untimely demise set the stage for one of the GREATEST rock n roll records ever pressed. Brian Johnson stepped in fron 'Geordie' and the rest is history.  Power and weight made ACDC great. No  speed metal here, just hard driving rock. I don't want to sound like a  broken record (CD kiddies say What?) but the fall of 1980 changed music  forever as we said goodnight to disco and opened up the age of the Hair  Bands!  Twenty years later, the record still sounds timeless.   Back then  my folks thought/hoped this &quot;Noise&quot; would fade away and wouldn't  last... Now you hear &quot;You Shook Me All Night Long&quot; at weddings.  :)
B000003BDJ|4.0|This is the only Stones album you'll ever need. Its has it all. Great album, with great songs, without having to sit through the original packages they were part of. Just because you like the Stones, no need to  hate the Beatles. Without the Beatles, the Stones would have been just a  poor English version of American blues artist.   The Beatles opened the  door for all the great music that came from England, first and foremost the  Stones.    One usually thinks of the Stones as a Party-Rock<br />band, and  they are, but this collection also showcases their versatility, and musical  progression. A must have for any collection, including us Beatles maniacs.
B000009ED0|4.0|...and Kid Rock was born. I usually hold off until I see 3 noteworthy hits, and it didn't take long.  This is a must have in the &quot;Feel Good&quot; catagory.  Since its release, I've played requests off 'Devil  without a Cause' every single night at the club.  Parents may frown at the  occasional profanity (edited avail) But Kid Rock succeeds in blurring the  boundaries between rap and rock, making you wonder if you file it before  Korn or after Jay-Z.  Thumbs Up.
0792843835|5.0|This is a beautiful film. It sets a mood, brings you inside, and by the end, you remember that life might be kind of weird and brutal at times, but it's in your control to make it magical and beautiful.
B0000025LS|5.0|THESE GUYS ROCK ON THIS ALBUM! I REMEBER THIS ONE ALL THE WAY BACK TO 1981.  AND THE HIT SINGLE OFF THIS ALBUM WAS &quot;WINNING&quot;.  AND IT WAS TOTALLY AWESOME DUDE!   AAAH! THE GOOD OLD DAYS!
0140177396|4.0|A classic, as always.  In the today world of teaching tolerance and differences, this remains a good one to use in the classroom.
B00000IAU3|5.0|In No Angel one finds almost every song worthy as a stand alone single. One should certainly be hearing Dido much more on popular radio. Here With Me also is a perfect theme song for the TV show Roswell.
0385484518|5.0|This was one of the most beautiful books that I have ever read! It teaches you what really matters in this life. Like Morrie says &quot;By learning how to die you learn how to live. By learning how to live you learn how to  die.&quot; Tuesdays with Morrie will make you want to get in touch with all  that people that once cross your life and were important. Will make you  live life fully with all the people that you love and you care!
6305313687|5.0|This is one of the movies that touched me more than any others have in quite a long time.  It puts a human face on skinheads, not glorifying them yet showing how a young person can be warped by a racist father and what  racism can do to a family.  Derek Vinyard had to learn the truth about  racism the hard way by being betrayed in prison and he began to question  his beliefs after a black man is the only person who befriends him. He  begins to understand how futile and destructive hatred is only to pay for  his mistakes in the end. At times this movies is difficult to watch but I  think it is important for everyone to see.  Ed Norton definitely deserved  the oscar for this film and was cheated. Anyone who watches this will see  how racism only destroys families, hurts others and destroys one's self in  the end.  It is brutal yet honest and it is what good filmmaking is all  about it.  I would give it ten stars if I could.  Simply brilliant.
B00003A9QL|5.0|This CD totally redefines anything Metallica has produced yet.S&amp;M is puts a new face to Metallicas terrific grunge, and opens a new crowd (the Classical genre) to Rock.Buy it, you won't be sorry.Tell me if you like it.
B00000DQWT|3.0|I am a huge Pat Metheny fan, but I can't heartily recommend this album (but I could enthusiastically recommend the 10 other Pat Metheny CDs I own and treasure!).  Why?  Because &quot;Falcon&quot; is too  repetitive--variations on a theme by &quot;This is not America&quot;, and  not much else.  I had hoped for another &quot;Passagio per il  Paradiso&quot;, which I find to be more interesting.
B0000047EC|4.0|This is a tough rating because the music is great, the instrumentals beautiful. However, the recording quality is really poor -- especially when you hear it on good speakers.  Wish they'd get a better recording company  -- this work is too good to waste.
B0000025BL|5.0|The reviewer from Texas is certainly entitled to their opinion...however wrong it is.  Meatloaf possesses one of the most uniquely powerful voices in the rock industry.  His range was (and still is)unbelieveable.  To have  produced &quot;Bat Out Of Hell&quot; when it was done, and to have it  possess the power and majesty it does is truly unbelieveable.  There are  hundreds of reasons why this recording is one of the 25 largest sellers of  all time...ahead of Sergeant Pepper, ahead of all the Stones albums.  It is  a masterpiece of vocals, power music, and engineering.
B000035Z2L|5.0|Hey, I'm 27 and I adored this brilliant comedy about &quot;it&quot;.<br />It is in no way a great artistic performance, and you don't get deeply into even one of the characters, as they are all described very superficially -  but it definitely IS entertaining.<br />The punchlines and the moral are, of  course, very American and therefore very clich. The people whom you least  expect to get laid are the ones who get the best lays, and vice versa. That  is a drawback.<br />Usually, I would grant 5 stars exclusively to absolutely  outstanding movies - but as I laughed my way through American Pie and  felt like a teenie again, this comedy deserves them all five.
B00003CX7K|5.0|My wife and kids (11 and13) actually kind of dragged me to see this one in the theater. Boy was I happy that they did! Toy Story 2 is really a great movie that had us all laughing a lot. It also provides for some very  emotional moments (Jessie's song remembering her time as a favorite toy,  among others). Many of the jokes refer to the first Toy Story, so it really  helps if you know that one.  What I personally liked best, though, has  become a great &quot;habit&quot; with Pixar: The end trailors where the  &quot;stars&quot; get to be their &quot;own self&quot;: Here especially  &quot;Tour Guide Barbie&quot; was a blast!<br />Enjoy... I can't wait for it  to come out on DVD to once again enjoy the great graphics AND sound effects  that so impressed me in the theater last week!
6305657939|5.0|This film was one of THE best films I have ever seen. No, It's not art. It's not Magnolia or Being John Malkovitch. But it's just beautiful. Romance. Comedy? Beauty? Action? Adventure...Everything! I really - REALLY  - recommend this HIGHLY. It does not bother me to say, &quot;ONE OF THE  BEST MOVIES I'VE EVER SEEN!&quot;
B000002UB3|5.0|This is my favourite Beatles album.  It's certainly the best sounding - George Martin's  production is unsurpassed and the musicianship, especially that of Paul (check out the bass in &quot;You Never Give Me Your  Money&quot; amongst others) and Ringo (yes, Ringo, the world's most  underrated drummer) is world class.  It also has that emotional gravitas of  being their swan song, the last hurrah!<br />Having said that, there's a  little deception going on here.  Most of the basic tracks and a fair amount  of the overdubbing was done by a group who were grabbing quite a lot of  headlines in the mid 1990s - yes, The Threetles!  John Lennon is  conspicuous by his absence on much of ABBEY ROAD.  He's on his own songs  (natch) and plays a little guitar or piano on about four others, but for  the former group leader to sink to the role of bit-part player is almost  heartbreaking.  The reasons?  A car crash mid-way through the sessions and  an on/off flirtation with heroin which sapped him of strength, commitment  and (most crucially) his ability to write: &quot;Come Together&quot;  (though undeniably wonderful) is based on a cop from Chuck Berry; &quot;I  Want You&quot; (though powerful) is barely a song at all;  &quot;Because&quot; (though achingly gorgeous) is Yoko-inspired backwards  Beethoven with chilly, heroin-calm imagery; &quot;Sun King&quot; dates from  late '68; and his vignettes on Mustard and Pam (sketches both) were  composed in India in Spring '68.  Though not a bad haul of tunes, it pales  compared to Paul's contibutions, and George (on a roll in '69) easily  emerges as silver medalist.<br />McCartney, often dismissed as a gifted  songwriter with next to no emotional content in his lyrics, was writing  songs of substance during '69 - many of them about the traumas brought on  by the group's disintegration (&quot;Long &amp; Winding Road&quot;,  &quot;Let It Be&quot;, &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot;, the  &quot;Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight/The End&quot; medley, &quot;Every  Night&quot; from his 1st solo LP) but this does not include &quot;Maxwell's  Silver Hammer&quot; which together with Ringo's &quot;Octopuss's  Garden&quot; threatens to derail the whole affair mid-way through the first  side of the original vinyl record.<br />All this aside, despite having that  aural cotton-candy coating that disguised the truely crippled state of the  group by this time, it's a WONDERFUL record, especially that medley!  This  is my favourite Beatles album.
B000000XB9|5.0|I sure as hell wish they were still makin' some albums.  There's not a single bad song on this album.  They are all great.  Buy it and enjoy their jams.  I must have listened to it hundreds of times.
B000035Z2L|5.0|My boyfriend and I loved this movie! I don't think I've ever laughed out loud that hard in a theater.  We found ourselves comparing the characters to people we knew is high school. I rate this movie right at the top with  Something About Mary. Beware... not for the prudish.
B00000DGUY|5.0|Sultans of Swing makes this CD as good as it is.  Not only that but the heartfelt lyrics of Romeo and Juliet greatly add to it.  Go buy the CD and experience the quality.
B00000K19E|5.0|I noticed that half of the movie, you can hardly see anything because it's too dark... the movie is great.. the special effects are great.. the actors are great.. still... too... dark... ANYWAY, great movie.
B00001OH7N|5.0|From the cover, which shows a longhaired Bowie in a full-length dress, reclining on a chaise longue, it is clear that this is no ordinary record. &quot;The Man Who Sold The World&quot; is often cited as being Bowie's  &quot;heavy metal&quot; album. It definitely marks a significant departure  from the folk influenced sound of his previous album, and without question  stands as his first great piece of work. Overall the sound is raw and  rather under-produced. Mick Ronson's dazzling guitar work, combined with  the eerie sound of a moog synthesiser, and Bowie's pronounced Cockney  accent creates an atmosphere that is distinctly, and suitably  macabre.<br />The album begins with &quot;Width Of A Circle&quot;, a grotesque  and disturbing psycho-neurotic fantasy. This eight-minute opener, with its  religious and sexual imagery is as phantasmagoric as the works of  Hieronymus Bosch or William Blake. Bowie's half brother Terry suffered  mental illness and spent most of his life in psychiatric institutions. In  &quot;All The Madmen&quot; Bowie provides a rather wry and sinister  commentary on mental illness, a theme he would often return to in his  career. &quot;After All&quot; with its quasi-music hall &quot;Oh by  jingo&quot; refrain was intended to address a generation jaded hippies.  'I've borrowed your time and I'm sorry I called' sings Bowie. &quot;Saviour  Machine&quot;, a dark, prophetic tale of society's over-dependence on  technology, tells of a machine that is bored with the utopia it has helped  to create. In a Dostoyevskian act of disassociation, the narrator of  &quot;The Man Who Sold The World&quot; meets his doppelganger on the  stairs, where he announces &quot;Oh no, not me/I never lost control&quot;.  &quot;The Supermen&quot; with its overt reference to Neitzsche is almost  Wagnerian in feel. On this track Bowie's strained vocals erupt over the  ominous beating of drums and monastic chants to chilling effect.<br />With its  surreal, stream of consciousnesslyrics and wailing guitars, &quot;The Man  Who Sold The World&quot; is an unnerving album that flows in places like a  grotesque, existential nightmare. But in the end its pain and anguish is  only human, all too human.
6304765789|2.0|This particular movie was the first that I could remember that its climax would be the downfall of the movie.  Director David Fincher delivers a suspense thrill ride of a movie which has enough twists to keep you  guessing until the movie ends.  Michael Douglas gives his usual believable  outstanding performance as a cold control freak who's reality is turned  upside down after an intriguing gift to play a &quot;game&quot; by his  brother(Sean Penn). All the elements of a true psychological thriller are  here but that is all that this movie ends in having: just elements. The  story builds such high power tension and suspense that that to have the  climatic resolve it offers as a finale is almost downright insulting.  If  this were a porn movie, the climax would disappoint all viewers.   Suggestion: Michael Douglas has plenty of movie hits to see....I'd skip  this one.
0792838785|5.0|I am an avid 007 fan and I really enjoyed &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies.&quot; I liked it better than &quot;GoldenEye.&quot;   Pierce Brosnan excels as Bond and he seems much more comfortable in the role. Michelle Yeoh makes  this 007 entry even more exciting and interesting.  As a Bondian heroine  for the 90's, she seems every bit the equal of James Bond.  Jonathan Pryce  makes a great megalomaniac villain and Gotz Otto's Stamper reminds us of  Red Grant from &quot;From Russian With Love.&quot;  The plot of the film is  similar to &quot;The Spy Who Loved Me.&quot;  The pacing of the film is  great and the actions sequences are well-done.   I highly recommend this  movie to 007 fans!
B000001GS4|5.0|I have absolutely never heard of anyone playing Tchaikovsky Piano Concerto No. 1 with such fiery and passion at the same time.  Yes, not ever Argerich herself.  This is definetly the best recording of the Piano 1.
B00000255X|5.0|One od Dylan's best.  In addition to Bob's visionary lyrics, there is backup vocals from Emilou Harris, violin, and bongos, which give it a very unique feel. I'm glad the recent release of the movie Hurricane chose to  use the song with the same title from this CD.  Isis is one of the best  songs ever. the CD quality is quite good--crisp and clear. You will not be  diappointed.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Intense was the first word that came to my mind!Alot of the songs are very peacful and relaxing!Anyone who loves dance music-this is a must buy!There are also some essays written by Moby that are unrelated to the music that I  found very interesting!He made some very good points.He is very intelligent  which makes me more respectful of his music!
0312243022|5.0|This fine book from this fine man has turned me into a mighty fine Woolf nut. I was a milder variety nut before this. Liked Woolf but yada-yada. I have now gone on a veritable Woolf bender. So this is another result of  Cunningham. His book is the powerful type that sets its readers on lovely,  unplanned discovery tours of great literature. Uh-huh! Go baby!
B000002KAT|3.0|The album should be admired for &quot;sweet thing&quot;, and &quot;cypress avenue&quot;. Van sounds like a young man looking for direction. Van was able to get the wheels in motion and develop a sense of style ,upon  completing &quot;ASTRAL WEEKS&quot;. This is his coal before the diamond.
0780628551|1.0|Lasst die finger von diesem film! Nicht, dass es an guten darstellern mangeln wrde, auch die story wre eigentlich nicht uninteressant (wenn auch nicht neu), nur leider ist die geschichte so langweilig in szene  gesetzt worden, dass whrend des ganzen films nie richtig spannung  auftritt. Zu langatmig und uninspiriert pltschert diese rosemarys  baby-adaption vor sich hin. Fr eine twilight zone folge htte es gerade  noch gereicht.
0425170349|5.0|Though a bit long winded, the book was still enjoyable throughout. I never found myself wishing that it would end, in fact I'm unhappy now that it has. Clancy proves with this book that he is one of the best story tellers  of our time. He used his usual form of many seemingly unconnected twists  that in the end all came together and made perfect sense. That is why all  900 pages were fun to read. As for the plot, it was the BEST I've read this  year.
0800177177|5.0|This is a film that words just fall short on.Words cannot help the blind to see, and that is pretty much the best way to describe this film. Visually stunning, and wonderfully erotic, this is probably the best  telling of the classic story.Tinged with esoteric ideas, like  reincarnation, hallucinogen use,and a dialogue nothing short of pure  poetry, this is a film that I have been in love with since I saw it  openning day in 1992 as a seventeen year old.Even after the hundreth time  of seeing this film, there are still more things to be noticed.Gary Oldman  is unbelievable in this role.Playing a man, a monster, a lover, a prince,  and a vampire.Old, young, evil, and yet somehow so angelic.This version  gives old Vlad such depth...a man who has turned to evil because of his  goodness...a fallen angel. All of these faces are potrayed with such skill  by Oldman, that we don't even notice the transitions...from his accent to  his breath, the pauses, and the movements.Oldman would have well deserved  an oscar for that performance.As for Anthony Hopkins, he too is absolutly  brilliant in this film.A crazy old wizard, almost Druidic. His is a  character(actually, the whole film for that matter)that really represets  the Victorian Era, when science and superstition stood as equal opposites  to the same coin.Van Helsing teaches us that although we have illuminated  the world through &quot;reason&quot;, there are still those &quot;things  which can not be explained, and which are true&quot;.Hopkins also lends a  slightly unnerving quality to the character, and we begin to question just  who the real monsters are.We begin to question ourselves, and that is when  we truly must appreciate a piece of art.When it shows us a piece of  ourselves.As far as a DVD goes, this is grade A.A picture virtually free of  the digital bugs and glitches, a wonderfully transfered soundtrack(This is  a film that must be viewed in 5.1 surround to truly be appreciated.Then  again, I don't see the point of having a DVD player unless you have a  reciever that is digital ready) Listen as the Count's shadow moves in  circles around the room...most riveting.There are, however two things I  would have different.First and foremost...Keanu Reeves's performance is  nauseating.I don't understand how he gets in there...Everyone else's  performance in the film is top notch, and his is awful.Also, it would have  been nice to have the theatrical trailer on this disc, but oh,well. We  can't have everything we want.With such a wonderful movie, I almost feel  bad complaining.Thank you, Mr. Coppola.
B00001ZULV|1.0|Avoid any &quot;greatest hits&quot; package. Especially this one. Greatest hits compilations are utterly disposable because if you find that you like most of the songs, you'll want to buy the full CD they came from thus  wasting you're money on the greatest hits set.<br />If you're a fan of Phil  Collins-era Genesis (whom &quot;Turn It On Again&quot; is centered around),  I suggest buying Duke, Abacab, and (far behind...) Invisible Touch  instead.<br />It's strange that there are no hits with the classic Peter  Gabriel-led lineup. I guess Watcher Of The Skies or In The Cage could not  be consider as &quot;hits&quot;.<br />The last song (Carpet Crawlers 1999) is  available on CD single and is an excellent remake.<br />In summary, don't  waste your hard earned money on any greatest hits CD let alone this one.  <br />[DW]
B00001U0GQ|4.0|I am not here to bore anyone to death with a review on the movie.Most people are aware that the film is a stunning, poetic, and romantic piece of cinema.The only thing I will say, is that I am dissappointed when reading  reviews of this film, that credit is never given to the socio-political  statements that are contained within, if one reads between the lines.  Anyway, this is a review of the format, and not the movie,and as far as DVD  goes, this one is well worth the investment.But, allow me first, to tell  you all why the DVD only gets four stars, when it could have had five.For  one thing, there aren't many features.I look forward to DVD's for there  features as well as their quality.I especially enjoy the theatrical  trailers.There isn't one.The other criticism I will give is in referance to  the replaced scenes that Michael Mann has placed into this version.This is  a bit double edged.On one hand, some of them are rather  insightful...lending more color to the story, and a little more continuity  to the plot.They give more dimension, and perspective.But other scenes are  just bland, and cause the film to drag at times.This film didn't drag  before the replacement of these scenes, so I can well see why they were  deleted.Also,I believe I have noticed that certain scenes have also been  deleted from the theatrical version, but they don't seem to be of much  consequence.In short, I was happy to have the deleted scenes put back in,  but some of them would have done well to have been left out altogether.The  original edit seems to move a little less laboriously.Anyway, as a DVD,  this movie has one of the nicest pictures I have ever seen.Noticeably free  of all those little nasties, and glitches that most DVD's have in their  pictures.The blinking and flashing.The &quot;pixel-pixies&quot; and those  rather strange,psychedelic effects that are most evident in the leaves of  trees, while the camera pans.For this reason, I was a bit weary of this  film as a DVD.Thismovie has a great deal of outdoor footage, and that is  the real test of a DVD.I was pleasantly surprised to see this film almost  completely free of the &quot;breathing&quot; trees that can make one feel  as if they are on LSD.(To see a strong example of this deficiency,check out  &quot;Rob Roy&quot; on DVD...it is particularly poor in quality) The sound  quality on this disc is impeccable.Cannons booming, muskets popping...it  really puts the viewer back in time, right onto a Colonial American  battlefield.THX at its best.Couple that with a wonderful story, a gorgeous  soundtrack, and powerful performances from a well matched cast, and the  result is one of the finest DVD investments available.
0140177396|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book from end to end. I give it a 4  star rating because of... oops this is still the introduction! I hope you enjoy this review and read the book!<br /> The book is mainly about two men  named Lennie and George and their travels to reach their dream of building  a great farm and \\"livin' off the fatta da lan.\\" I like this book because  just by reading it you know that John Steinbeck put his heart and soul into  this book. If \\"Of Mice and Men\\" were a food I would describe it as rich and  satisfying. The only thing I didn't like about the book is that especially  in the beginning it would go away from the story and describe the landscape  it in great detail. Don't get me wrong! I like detail but it took too long  to get back to the story. Speaking of detail. When the detail in then book  was focused on the story it gave it an amazing effect! The character  development in this book was also very good. From main characters like  George to main characters like Crooks, John always let the reader know lot  about the character. Finally, the dialogue in the book is excellent.  Everything is said right and right at the correct time. WOW! I would  recommend this book to anyone who enjoys an enriching story but can handle  a little tragedy.<br /> This concludes my review of the book \\"Of Mice and  Men\\" by John Steinbeck. For all of you who decide to read it... ENJOY!
6305066345|4.0|Spike and Denzel have done better things; however, this film like any Spike Lee film is worth watching..
B000002H33|4.0|One of Metallica's best CDs. You should get this one if you like Metallica's heavy stuff
6305066345|4.0|Spike and Denzel have done better things; however, this film like any Spike Lee film is worth watching..
0446525537|5.0|This book is an escape into that past with a roller coaster of emotions that doens't allow you to stop the ride.  In a world less complicated and pure, compared to today, this book makes you think about what is truly  important in life.  Not all  of the money in the world, not the popularity,  but love unselfish and unconditional.  If you want to escape from the  grind, then this is the book to read, but beware, you will cry.  And if you  have that special someone in your life that you haven't figured out how to  express you feelings, buy them this book and they will know exactly what  they mean to you.
B000003BF4|5.0|From the moment the house announcer asks: &quot;Does everything seem to be ready?  Is everybody ready?&quot;, you know you are about to embark on a special musical journey.  With the benefit of hindsight, you know you are  about to hear a band who are in the midst of hitting their creative apex.   And then the announcer continues, &quot;Ladies and Gentlemen, the greatest  rock and roll band in the world, THE ROLLING STONES&quot;, the Stones take  the stage and proceed to tear into a very aggressive version &quot;Jumpin'  Jack Flash&quot;.  Whether they knew it or not, the Stones were about to  create, dare I say it, one of the finest &quot;live&quot; albums of  all-time.  After &quot;Jumpin' Jack Flash&quot; Mick announces to the  audience that, &quot;Charlie's good tonight isn't he.&quot;  Well, they  were all good that night.  This CD never stalls or loses pace.  The Stones  give the audience everything and more.  They give a nod to their past by  performing rollicking versions of &quot;Carol&quot; and &quot;Little  Queenie&quot; as well as performing blistering renditions of their then  newer material, &quot;Sympathy For The Devil&quot; and &quot;Midnight  Rambler&quot;.  Just so you don't pass out, the Stones slide into  &quot;Love In Vain&quot; so that you can catch your breath.  Mick then  tells us that &quot;we're gonna do one more and we're gonna go&quot; after  which they proceed to blow the roof off the Garden with a molten version of  &quot;Street Fighting Man&quot;.  This is quintessential Stones.  This is  the Stones when they were worthy of bearing the monniker &quot;the greatest  rock and roll band in the world&quot;.  This CD is a classic and worthy of  being in anyone's collection.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I think this is one of the better records they have ever made, the only bad is Reload, all the rest were fabulous. Listenning to songs like &quot;The call of Ktulu&quot;, &quot;Master of puppets&quot;, &quot;Nothing  else matters&quot;, &quot;Until it sleeps&quot;, &quot;For whom the bells  tolls&quot;, &quot;Outlaw torn&quot; and &quot;Battery&quot;, and enjoying  the perfect combination of the orchestra and the METALLICA'S SONGS, it's a  experience hard to define and, sometimes, hard to forget.Michal Kamen,  excellent composer of soundtrack films, has made too a very good work,  inventing the &quot;score&quot; for METALLICA'S SONG. Forget about the  records of Rage, Deep Purple and others with orchestra, this is &quot;THE  ALBUM WITH AN ORCHESTRA&quot;. If you like METALLICA very much, if you are  a loyal fan, or if you only will listen a &quot;curiosity&quot; of the  band, I suggest you to listen it.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I'll never stop thanking a friend of mine who almost chained me to the chair and forced me to listen to this astonishing cd. imMOBYlized! I just couldn't believe to my ears: past &amp; future merged together, neither  techno nor dance, this is the sound of a &quot;pure&quot; heart guided by a  thoughtful mind! GREAT
B00000J6AG|5.0|This album made my spirit soar. In &quot;My Weakness&quot;, I felt as though Moby transported me to a different world; it was reminiscent of the tune in Close Encounters. &quot;Porcelain&quot;,&quot;Why does my heart  feel so bad?&quot;&amp;,&quot;Natural Blues&quot; among others moved me the  moment I first heard them. With &quot;Why does my heart..&quot; I felt as  though it cleansed me, like I was lifted to a higher place. I could just  feel the warmth of the sun as I played it. Play seems as though its main  purpose is to contribute to people's lives; to enrich them and somehow lift  them out of whatever repetitive days we go through, time after time.   Putting mini-essays in was unique, enjoyable, and informative, and I found  myself agreeing with each one of them.  Back to the songs;  &quot;Honey&quot; put a smile on my face and made my foot tap; it genuinely  made me feel happy.  Play contains such  diverse, varied, and unique songs,  which, in one way or another (happy &amp; optimistic, or sad and  pensive)help enrich your life. It is true, I kid you not.  I found a quote  regarding Ludwig van Beethoven, and I find it appropriate for Moby:  &quot;How can anyone disregard a man who could create such beautiful  music?&quot;  This is a break through from the horrible shallow fridgebuzz  humming on radios everywhere. Well done Moby, you gained a fan.
0440234743|4.0|The Testament is just behind The Runaway Jury. Though some would argue The Rainmaker is good as well, but I don't like its ending with an unexpected murder.  What I guess is for the past couple of years Grisham has been  trying hard to change his stories.  No longer it's dominated by a  courtroom, but the chain of events are leading the readers to a broader  concern instead, from social security as described in The Street Lawyer to  missonary work and a common chaplain so often neglected by his congregation  as found in the Testament.  It's a nice attempt.  After all who will be in  a better position than Grisham to try out something new in a courtroom  novel.   Another change in his books is that he now puts in obvious efforts  to begin the story with a bang, a move perhaps to prepare for a stunning  movie.
0395925037|3.0|This is the true essence of Adolf Hitler, since he represents one of the darkest hours in human history this is a book you should read, but be aware, do not mind the style or concepts, I think Hitler only tried to put  in his own words the feelings of many germans, not all of course, and not  that all germans agreed with that, but for that moment Mein Kampf was the  exarcebation of passions risen as a consequence of WWI
6305171769|5.0|Halloween h20 is excellent, full of supense and violence. It is far better than 3,4,5, and 6 and is just a bit better than 1 &amp; 2. It is spooky in parts with bits of humour but as a horror film it is great. I would  definitley recommend it to other horror fans and if you like  blood,guts,gore,to be scared and watch a maniac slaughter some school kids  then rent it ! 1 its great 9 out of 10 ! <br />reviewed by Tom Mercer  Colne, Lancashire, England. 01282 829828 bb8onb mark.mercer@calderglen.net
B00002EPJH|5.0|A collection of standards we have heard many times, Jarret  brings new life to them, a slow intensity, a passion for silence and the  subtle groans that let you know Jarrett is still behind the  piano.<br />Jarrett's, \\"The Melody At Night With You\\" is Remarkable.  I highly reccomend for any long time fan of Keith and any lover of the  Ivory and Wood!
B000002KHH|3.0|Well, after listen to this album for several times I have to admit that the sounds of this album is so simplistic.. I mean Tommy Iommi play simple 5th cord riffs.. And Ozzy Osborne sings note-for-note along Tommy's simple  hook. Gee, It sounds blanded to me.
B000002KH3|5.0|As far as I am concerned this is the greatest album of all time.Every song is perfect,from the crunching guitars and catchy chorus in 'Runnin With The Devil' ,the groundbreaking instrumental genius that is 'Eruption' ,the  breezy summer pop of 'Feel Your Love Tonight' and the closing power of 'On  Fire'.This is an album that everyone should own - perfect for every  scenario.
6305750750|5.0|Star Wars Episode I was fantastic. I saw it in the theaters and I loved it. My favorite part was the pod racing. 10 minutes of the greatest racing I ever saw. Unbelievable!
B000003TAW|5.0|I wouldn't go so far as to say this album is the best of all time, but I have had it since 1994, and I still listen to it regularly. You just can't stop going back to its nostalgic, catchy pop goodness.
B00000K19E|4.0|My wife and I saw it in the movie theater and wanted to see it again. A sci fi thriller to say the least. The effects are state of the art. The software is intense too. The production release I own, makes my early model  DVD fail (freeze or lock up) in three different scenes. This material is  notorious as an MPEG buster. If your DVD player can't play this movie end  to end without stoping, then it might be time for a software (or hardware)  upgade for that clunky old DVD player. The fight scenes aren't the only  thing that can deliver a death blow. My wife always wanted to see what  Keanu Reeves would look like clean shaven and dipped in goo. Way too many  bullets for young kids.
B00000K19E|3.0|OK.  The Matrix had a great concept.  Sure, it was a bit similar to some writing by Lem (The Futurological Congress, Further Reminiscences of Ijon Tichy, and so on), but that's ok.  All the groundwork concepts in the first  half of this movie were amazing.  People being farmed and fed  hallucinations, reality only being what you think it is--great!  The only  problem is that about halfway through, the movie simply ceased to make  sense.  Neo comes back to life because Trinity kisses him?  They have to  get phone calls to come back into reality?  Unplugging them from the matrix  kills them, but Neo survived his initial unplugging?  These all-powerful  robots who control everything in the Matrix have to resort to fallible  &quot;agents&quot; to do their dirty work?  What?   If you want some real  sci-fi, go watch Twelve Monkeys.  Or better yet, read some short stories by  Stanislaw Lem--that'll *really* play with your definition of reality.
6305205639|5.0|Ibought this movie and watched it the minute that I got home. I now watch it everyday. It is the best Metallica movie that I had ever seen. Myfavorite songs are the intro and Hero of the Day. Metallica did a good  job on performing One. I practice guitar everyday with this video. It is a  good movie for something like that
0800130936|5.0|What can I say about this movie, but the fact that Bad boys is one of my all time favourite films. It stars Will Smith (the Frensh Prince of Bell Air) and Martin Lawerance (Martain/Blue Streak) as two Miami cops, both are  two very funny actors who took to the action role very well (of course Will  Smith as continued on so in this role in films like ID4 and Men in black).   The film produces great action and boasting good soundtrack(songs such as  Shy guy) from the talents of a great director(This film really started  Michael Bay's carear and is still one of his best).I know its not everyones  cup of tea, but if you like your movies fast, sexy, loud and action packed  buy the DVD now!
630575067X|3.0|For sci-fi alone, TPM can stand out. But as far as Star Wars goes...? No way. You don't get enought time to get to know the characters, and just when you DO start to understand them, the movie picks up another trail and  leaves that character or scene behind!<br />Truly, this was not a good  addition to the Star Wars movies. Want to see a good one? Stick with the  original trilogy.
B000003TA4|5.0|It seems that everybody who listens to this cd either loves it to the very last drop or hates it with a passion. If you look at all the other reviews though you will see that the majority of them have a five star rating and  very few have less. I will admit that the vocals are not extremely clear  but once u learn the words everything sounds great. Go ahead and take a  chance. After all, its only 15 bucks. I did and i love it!
6304504012|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised by Madonna's acting ability in this film, which retells the wonderful story of one of the strongest women of our time, an ex-courtesan who slept her way to the top and became a powerful political  figure!
B00003000M|4.0|I loved this CD. I think that even though some of the rappers do normaly make violent music. Bob Marleys Spirit shined through so bright that it doesn't matter what the other performers do. This Rocks. We Love you  Bob!
B00000BKI4|1.0|Hello?  The most overrated record of the year.  A total disappointment in every way. Refresh your Queen collection and leave this for the clearance bins.
B000023VR6|4.0|Yep, this is one fly album, full respect to Dr. Dre. The first few songs in particular are f'in amazing! Unfortunately i couldn't give it 5 stars cos' i think itz 'one of those albums' where the songs start off tha lick  but a lot gradually turn not AS good as tha first nuff swingin' ones.  Forgot about Dre. iz a dark song though, respect 2 Dre n Eminem 4  that!<br />Definately buy this though. I can't wait till the NWA get back  together too, if they do. I reckon they will. PEACE!
B000000OS2|5.0|Well before MTV started to convince artist of any musical genre to to acustic shows for them, TESLA attempted to do that in 1990, in a spontaneous way, and the result was just superb !  THis CD is a classic for  hard-rock bands going acoustic. Enjoyable form beginning to end. I'm not a  big TESLA fan (I don't even know if they're still playing somewhere or if  they're finished) but this CD is amazing music.
0440234743|5.0|Grisham made another new litigation and that is ...Greediness,Renewal and Faithfulness.He will make you awake with his well plotted story. He is the Master of storyteller.
B000002C1X|5.0|For reasons unknown to me, I am just now becoming a huge fan of this band's music.  This CD, without a doubt, will go down as one of the greatest!
B000002BFL|5.0|This is the best cd of this great mans work since Nebraska, you cant hear it one time and pass judgement you have to listen a couple more times to feel what each song is saying. Straight time,Highway 29, and Dry lightning  are just an example of his beautiful writing get the cover out read along  with the music and I promise by the second or third time your a springsteen  fan for life.
0767802659|4.0|Actually, I thought Clancy Brown and Michael Ironside did a very good job as Sgt. Zim and Rasczak, respectively. When I went to see this movie, I was in the mindset to see special effects and action, not Oscar winning  performances. If you want Oscar winning performances, go see &quot;The  Green Mile&quot; or &quot;The Hurricane&quot;, but if you want heart  stopping special effects and mind-blowing action, see this movie. I heard  many references to &quot;Beverly Hills, 90210&quot;; I have never watched  the show but I can say that seeing the young actors, of whom I have never  seen before except for Doogie Howser (Neil Patrick Harris), was refreshing  for me. This movie was nominated for special effects and deservedly so  because they are amazing. If you are the sqeemish kind, stay home and watch  &quot;Little House on the Praire&quot; and leave this movie to bold at  heart.
0385484518|4.0|I read this book after hearing so many good things about it and the TV movie based on it. It's a very quick read - I finished it in two days, which is unheard of for me! The book is basically about Morrie Schwartz, a  history professor at Brandeis University, who has been diagnosed with ALS  (Lou Gehrig's Disease) and is dying. A former student, Mitch Albom, who had  become a fairly well known sports writer, heard about his teacher from an  interview with Ted Koppel on Nightline and decided to pay a visit. This  visit soon turned into regular meetings - on Tuesdays - since at the time  there was a strike at Albom's newspaper. Albom plots Morrie's declining  health, which is quite depressing, but at the same time imparts Morrie's  wisdom. One definitely can get a sense of what the important things in life  are from someone who has little left, but Morrie is particularly eloquent  and seems to carry an upbeat dignity to the end. Sometimes it takes the  wisdom of a dying man to jog us enough to realize that human relationships  and health are more important than all the gadgets, modern conveniences,  pressures to get ahead professionally and monetarily combined. This is just  the main point that Morrie starts &quot;teaching&quot; Albom and getting  through to someone who, like many of us from time to time, have gotten  obsessed with the real trivialities of life. The only complaint I have  about this book is that it wasn't longer. I wanted to take more time and  savor the wisdom and sweetness of this old man, but, like his illness's  swiftness, reading the book seemed to go by all too quickly.
6305750750|5.0|Episode 1 sets up perfectly not only the next 2 sequels, but the entire star wars saga.  If certain aspects had to be shortened such as the detailed character development of the key players, than so be it.  The next  movies will do that.  Episode 1 sets up the situation and shows us who is  who in the star wars universe.  It is true that this film is more about the  situation than the characters, but that's the way it's supposed to be.  The  first chapter always does that.  Lucas hasn't lost his ability, he knows  exactly what he's doing with the story.  The film has also been criticized  for being too kid friendly, even though it is on the same level as the  other 3.  The story is more in depth in this film, with the political  situation, the duality of palpatine.  This film has it all.  It is a great  mythological story that plants the seeds for the following chapters to  flourish.  The CG effects are unsurpassed and even the hated jar-jar binks  brings a kind of slapstick humor that was missing from the classic films.  The explanation of the midichlorians makes sense also.  They don't secrete  the force, the more of them you have in you, the stronger connection you  have with the force.  That makes perfect sense!   Overall, this film is a  masterpiece.
B000023VR6|4.0|this isnt the best album in the world, but its good. dre is good, eminem is good, the beats are tight and the lyrics down right....but the best thing about this album....its not CMR or No Limit...im so tired of the same  ole nonsence coming out of these brothas mouth...sounds like they dropped  out of elementary school to make an album.. dre can stand on his own, be  entertaining, and make sence all at the same time....
0783226063|4.0|The movie it self is fantastic. The DVD would match if they put a little more effort into it. They left out key scenes that without them leave me a bit confused to the plot.
0385493800|4.0|This book has a good first chapter hook, runs a little slow for the next couple of chapters, and picks up speed with the introduction of the main  character, Nate. I am willing to forgive a simple, almost predictable plot  for Grisham's foray into the area of Nate's psychological turmoil and his  spiritual journey. While other's have written in saying that Grisham has  disappointed in this novel, I find it admirable that he enters an area not  politically correct in this day and age, that of revealing his own  spiritual leanings and insight, in writing about Nate's own journey.  Clearly promoting Christian ideology, I think it takes more courage for a  writer to commit than to write to please the masses.
B0000025F7|5.0|Off the wall is a super album. I especially love &quot;Get on the floor&quot;, &quot;Working day and night&quot;, &quot;Off the wall&quot; and &quot;Burn this disco out&quot;. The rhytms are great. They make me get  on the floor and dance.Excellent is the word that can, no, must be used for  all of Michael's albums. Every time he is coming up with work which is  someway better than the one before. This is something that I haven't seen  any other example compared to all other musicians. Everybody reaches a peak  in their career (in terms of the quality of their product)then start  falling down. But I canT say it for Michael. Each of his albums is the best  of its time. And the songs that were written and composed by Michael only  are the best ones. So I believe that he will reach his peak when all the  songs in his albums belong to him only. But reaching his peak does not mean  a decline will begin, rather it means we will begin listening to miracle  albums.
6302968135|5.0|listen this is a movie that was realy good and it did it with out alot of  effects
B000002UAO|5.0|Well this is the LP Blur, Oasis etc. are trying unsuccessfully to make... All tracks are classics.
1556154844|5.0|It is refreshing to find so much good practical advice in one place. Although I knew most of this stuff already, I consider my money and time well-spent on this book. I do not agree with some other reviewers that only  beginners will benefit from this book; beginners will benefit the most, but  every programmer should read it. This is   just about the only microsoft  product that I respect.
6305265488|5.0|so my review is 1 in well... a lot, but I think that this movie is a definate buy!  I LOVED IT!  it is soooooo romantic!  SO I HAVE TWO WORDS FOR ALL OF YOU PEEPS OUT THERE- BUY IT!
0440219078|4.0|Hi my name is Howard and I just read this book in 6th grade and it was the best. It explained what a community might be like in the futur or it waas in thepast. I have read this book over and over because it was so good. I would give you wat it was about but you should read it yourself and most  probably enjoy it. You have a blast reading it. Go have a blast. If you had  to do a book report or something like that you should trake this book so  instead of sad because its homework don't be sad because it is the best  book you can ever  read.
B000007SIN|3.0|To say this was a surprise would be an understatement.  Absolutely beautiful sound quality with presence and sound stage like nothing else I have heard. I would compare the sound to the difference between a  commercial record and a direct disc or a great vinyl recording to a good  CD.  Definitely worth the money if you have invested in DTS encoding.  The  96hz 24 bit is an added bonus to the DTS 5.1 process.
014028009X|4.0|This book is not great literature, but it's not supposed to be.  Those who've complained about it's &quot;fluffiness&quot; are missing the point.  When you need a break from the &quot;Anna Karenina&quot;s of the world,  pick this up.  It's a quick, hilariously funny and entertaining read.  I  found myself laughing out loud throughout.  Bridget is hyperbolically  neurotic and shallow, of course, but she's funny and endearing as well.   Though it's taken to the point of great exaggeration for comedic purposes,  I think most women CAN relate to the feelings of low self-confidence and  neuroticism that Bridget confesses in her diary.  Got wacky to the point of  utter unbelievability at the end but it didn't reduce my enjoyment one bit.   Those who rant about Bridget being an antifeminist, unrealistic, etc. are  just taking the book too damn seriously.  This is the funniest book I've  ever read.
B000000H3W|5.0|Sepultura is the only respected foreign act to ever make it in the States. They are one of the most respected thrash metal acts.  This album gives me goosebumps everytime I listen to it. The sheer power of the songs is enough  to make you lose your concentration if you're listening to it while  driving. If you're a thrash metal fan, BUY THIS ALBUM!  Trust me, you  won't skip a track and listen to all the cuts!
B000002KXV|5.0|Truly a masterpiece.  Donald Fagen uplifts as he takes you to a trip into the future through his own thoughts.  Any Steely Dan fan's collection wouldn't be complete without this treasure.  &quot;New Frontier&quot;,  &quot;The Nightfly&quot;, &quot;Maxine&quot;, &quot;Green Flower  Street&quot; are all classics but you will not find one bad song on this  CD.  I as many others are, am anxiously waiting for the new Steely CD to  come out.  But until then, PICK THIS CLASSIC UP NOW!
B0000025T6|5.0|This is the first Springsteen album I ever bought. And, in 1994, it took a while to listen to. But, Bruce rewards your patience a hundred-fold. Once you become caught up in the specifics of his stories about ex-cons and  rural misfits, a larger picture of the failings of the American dream  becomes clear. Bruce tested the same waters in the earthier Tom Joad, which  is vastly different to those who wish to dedicate their time and ears to  better themselves. Grab a cold one on a rainy Sunday afternoon and pop this  disc in your stereo. You will not be disappointed.
1573226521|3.0|This book was delightfully hair-raising.The Ecologist Traveller nightmare.And,as we'we all seen in The Lord of The Flies of William Golding,any Eden has a serpent in it...Nature is beautiful,human nature is  flawed.The end is,however,hardly plausible.Why are the Beachers so scared  of dividing their secret whit the new arrivals? More to the point,why the  drug-growers  controlling the island had not killed any trespasser on the  spot in the first place? Those criminals aren't known to be willing to  share their territory whit intruders.Indonesia is full of  islands...why  couldn't they have chosen one goon-free ?Maybe it was the only  tourist-free,ok.But put me on a diet of rice and fish,fish and rice,and  I'll see Daffy Duck talking to me,too !
B000007OY0|5.0|I have never been a fan of prison stories, but this movie is much more than a gruesome prison tale.  The way the plot is worked and the characters are portrayed really impressed me.  Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman did an  award winning job.  Never give up until the end because you will NEVER  expect the ending!  A class movie.
B00000I9MK|4.0|Though I think &quot;The Boy with the Arab Strap&quot; remains my favorite, the more diverse and somewhat riskier &quot;Tigermilk&quot; is a great complement to &quot;Arab Strap.&quot; Great pop along the lines of  the Smiths (as everyone has now said), showing that even with the flood of  dance beats out there, great pop ain't dead yet.
080010367X|4.0|This movie is real fun. You don't have to think you only have to laugh. And you can laugh a lot. My favorite character is the one played by Linda Fiorentino, who is flashed many times and never knows what happened.  Vincent D'Onofrio is excellent as the bug. The detectives are cool, too. If  you want to have fun then watch this.
0679722610|5.0|This engrossing story will keep you hooked as the Continental Op slyly orchestrates a clean up of Poisonville by any means necessary.  The plot of Red Harvest takes you through more action and mysteries than 10 other crime  fiction novels, so if you solve one crime you've barely got the time to pat  yourself on the back before the next one.  Well paced, and very  entertaining.
6305657947|5.0|If you enjoy movies with clever and coherent plots, elegant characters, sensuality, humor, gorgeous photography, great music, and lots of classic Hollywood style, the new version of &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot; is  a movie you must see.  'Tis a rare movie that I'll watch several times - I  saw this one twice in the theater and have watched the DVD three times  already.  Interestingly enough, another of those rare movies that I'll  watch several times is another feature directed by John McTiernan:   &quot;Hunt for Red October.&quot;
0345423496|1.0|...to ruin a good book. I'll take two examples: &quot;2001&quot; and &quot;Rendezvous with Rama&quot; - two great books destroyed with mediocre sequels.I won't comment much about 3001, because everything is said by  those 200 reviewers. I just want to say that not seeing Independace Day is  not really an excuse for Clarke. Take a look at  &quot;Invasion&quot;,&quot;The Puppet Master&quot;,&quot;War of the  worlds&quot;, and many other alien invasion movies, and you'll see that  almost every time the aliens are destroyed by a virus(biological or  computer, it doesn't matter, it's still a virus). Everyone who has read the  previous books would expext the similar kind of enigmatic conclusion, where  not everything is revealed, and the reader could be left wondering about  some higher intellegence out there, and we could get some idea from the  book. Here everything is revealed in the most terrible way the author could  have thought of, so he ruined everything that he built in the previous  books, even in 2061...
B000000993|4.0|When I first put Undertow on, I said &quot;oh NO!&quot; and I really wanted to turn  the radio off. I am glad I didnt because from &quot;sober&quot; until the end, &quot;undertow&quot;, rocks. You can feel  the anger, and  emotion in &quot;Undertow&quot;. This Cd will move you,  unless of course, youre dead.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have all of the Red Hot Chili Peppers Cd's, and I can safely say that by far, Californication is their best work. They have taken their song-writing to a new level, and the guitar riffs are excellent. Yep, John is definately  back in the band! While this Cd is not as hard-core funk as as some of the  stuff the Chili Peppers are known for, Californication definately shows how  much their music has matured. 'This Velvet Glove' and 'Californication' in  particular, are both beautifully written and performed. If you like 'Scar  Tissue', it only gets better from there!   Definately worth the money!
B000002NJS|3.0|Again, Madonna the Chameleon, has dazzled us with yet another album.  &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, however is not her typical &quot;poppy&quot; collection of risky music.  No, this album shows a whole new side to her.   Full of her recent religious inspirations, the album takes on a character  from the East.  The music is smooth, interesting, modern and yet time-less.   The single &quot;Ray of Light&quot; is a little techno gem, while songs  such as &quot;Frozen&quot; and &quot;The Power of Goodbye&quot; have very  different tones.  They both hint at deeper meaning and understanding.   Other less famous songs such as &quot;To Have and to Hold&quot; along with  &quot;Sky Fits Heaven&quot; really help to support the album.  Madonna goes  for more artsy approaches with songs like &quot;Substitute for Love&quot;  and &quot;Mergirl&quot;.  Highlighting her voice and little  instrumentation, these songs take a minimalist view toward music.  This  album really is a rainbow of style and structure, all leading to a  relatively deserving pot of gold.
6304539258|3.0|I've been a fan of the Star Wars series since it first came out. I saw it at the local movie theater when it came out back in the '70s, and once again when the Special Edition came out a few years ago. I remember that on video, there existed the \\"original\\" Star Wars, the THX-enhanced version (which was a well-polished, albeit imperfect, product), and now there exists the Special Edition. While some of the newly added special effects are nice (throughout the series), the rest of the effects make the series \\"dated.\\" (as opposed to it being timeless)     (... oh and what's up with Han Solo shooting Greedo in self-defence, and where was Greedo shooting! That changes the character of Han from the beginning, and the effects make the scenario totally unbelievable. )
B000002TQV|5.0|This has to be the album of the 90s no question, it is absouletly brilliant.  If you only ever buy one album make this your first choice, you won't me dissappointed.  Every song is just awsome, never have I bought an  album and loved every song, on this one I did!   I especially loved  &quot;High and Dry&quot; and &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;, but the whole  album is just excellent...<br />Go and buy it, one of the best (if not best)  albums ever created...
078062789X|1.0|This movie is such a major letdown and the astronaut's wife being in one word S-T-U-P-I-D.  let me just say that Charliz Theron looks worse in this movie than in all her films to date, and i think she's a major babe!   not in this film with her Mia Farrow haircut she has only her acting and  story to rely on and that's not much! The other astronaut's wife played by  Donna Murphy in this movie is the only thing i liked about the film, in  fact i would rather seen it have been her character that is shown being  impregnated with the alien children, she blows away Charliz Theron which  normaly should not happen.  As for how Charliz character acts in this  ignorant film is just insulting to the viewer.  She spends most of the film  acting like a idiot and when she is told by a former NASA sceintist her  husband may be an alien she start's acting like a fool!  and spends most  of the movie getting everyone killed by her ignorance.  For instance when  her husband Johnny Depp abuses her, all she'd have to do is call the cops  and the alien husband would have been held by the police long enough for  her to escape. But no smart character here instead she puts everybody in  danger around her,like leaving the storage door which has evidence that her  husband is an alien unlocked and wide open!  stupid!  The DVD is a big  dissapointment NO EXTRA'S NO COMMENTARIES ZILCH. The only reason to watch  this film is to see the very few minutes of the very beautiful Donna  Murphy.
B000000H66|5.0|Perennial Quest is one of the greatest songs of all time.<br />The rest of the songs are unbelievably unreal aswell.<br />Congrats to Chuck and his family on beating his illness, the metal world has been saved!
B000003337|5.0|It took forever to actually be released, and Kevin DuBrow still teases us that he has Vol II ready to go, but it was well worth the wait. Yes, the song lyrics are juvenile (Randy didn't write them); yes, the &quot;Laughing  Gas&quot; solo is two solos spliced together, with an obvious change in  sound quality, (Again, not Randy's doing); and, yes, Kevin probably should  not have gone back and re-done his vocal tracks. He is not the aural point  of the album. But let's all remember: These songs are seeds of genius that  never got a chance to fully blossom. Randy's awesome ability was still  growing when he was wrongfully taken from us, and they are probably all we  are goimg to get. Treasure them for what they are.
044022165X|4.0|Being a John Grisham fan, I enjoyed this legal drama, but felt disappointed with the ending. Not only does Rudy give up being a lawyer after such a short time of dealing with the real world, he thinks his new  future might be as a history teacher. &quot;It shouldn't be hard to do.  After all I have seven years of college.&quot;  Being a history teacher  myself, I am offended by Rudy's comment, and hope that it doesn't reflect  John Grisham's own bias about teaching.  Going to college for seven years,  with a degree in law, does not make one a teacher. It takes years of  specific training to be qualified to teach, and being a good teacher is  much more than having a background as an attorney.  Aren't teachers  maligned enough in our country without a popular novelist contributing to  the fallacy that teaching is a simplistic task, one that is far less  stressful than being a lawyer in a major legal battle?    Does that mean  since I have seven years of college also,  I can be a best-seller  novelist?<br />   I would love to share these thoughts with Mr. Grisham, but  have been unable to find an email address for him. If anyone knows how I  may do this, please respond to kbjohnson@chicago.avenew.com
B000009RC2|4.0|I've never been a fan of fusion, and if the scuttlebutt is correct it's generally a waste of time. But this work, generally credited as the first fusion album, is neither confusing nor annoying, as its critics assert.  John McLaughlin is definitely prominent in the mix, but I had no problem  hearing Billy Cobham's drums or Jerry Goodman's violin. Credit McLaughlin  with selecting them for his project because without their virtuosity, the  album might indeed have been a sad mess. Cobham and Goodman play as  ferociously and deftly as McLaughlin, and are the main reason I found this  album so palatable. The guitar work is good too.
6302373921|5.0|Depeche Mode became my favorite band because of their originality. There is simply no other band like them. 101 is no exception. <br />It's a mix of live and backstage footage of the band and a great travel diary featuring a  group of DM's fans who were lucky enough to win a chance to follow them on  tour.<br />101 isn't your typical band video. Not only are you getting great  music, live performances, and interviews but a movie as well.
1573226521|4.0|I wanted to read The Beach before the movie came out, and I'm afraid I'll be very dissapointed in the film version.   This book was a quick read simply becasue I could not put it down until I had finished it.  I like the  fact thinking about family made Richard sad.  It made me wonder what  everyone else on the beach had left behind. My only problem with the book  is how quickly everything wrapped up in the end, when all sorts of things  had gone wrong.
B000002BUY|5.0|I've had this cd for a while and I think it is the best cd I own! I don't care what others say about it, it rocks!  With songs like &quot;New Skin&quot;, &quot;Glass&quot;, &quot;Calgone&quot;, and &quot;A Certain  Shade of Green.&quot; it is the best cd ever. The ECD is quite weird but  interesting, because you can access their secret website. I espesilly like  &quot;Calgone&quot; because of the ending and the long set of hidden  tracks, 11 to be exact!  It is also great to skateboard to! If you like  Static-X, Limp Bizkit, and KoRn, this cd is for you!
0783222734|1.0|This movie is an o.k. film, UNLESS YOU'VE READ THE BOOK, then it's just outright pittiful. The character development in this movie is extreamly bad, I'm surprised Spielburg directed such poor cast.  The Characters  themselves weren't even correctly portrayed.  In the movie the main  charachter, Dr. Grant, hates children. In the book he adores them!  Even  the two kids were reversed from their book counterparts.  Don't buy this  film, read the book instead.
6302636779|5.0|Audrey Hepburn is best known for her light romantic comedies.  Everybody loves them.  She dresses up in some Givenchy outfits and blows the audience away with her beauty and charm.  In &quot;The Nun's Story&quot; she  completly sheds that image and immerses herself in the role of the  conflicted Sister Luke, a Belgian nun torn by her obligations to her church  and order, her duty to her patients as a nurse, and her duty to her country  during the Nazi occupation.<br />This a long and very introspective film that  is not for everyone.  It contains a detailed look at life in a Belgian  convent and a Congo hospital in the years before WWII which may bore some  people.  Also some of Audrey's fans looking for her as Princess Anne or  Sabrina Fairchild or Holly Golightly may be disappointed to find only the  determined, reserved, and prideful Sister Luke.  (Although Audrey does make  radiant looking nun.)  The length, the slowly paced style, the subject  matter, and the unusual role for its star have combined to keep it off the  list of Audrey Hepburn's best known films.<br />Personally, I think this  Audrey's greatest dramatic performance and maybe her best performance ever.  She very ably conveys Sister Luke's inner conflict between her oath as a  nun and her duties as a nurse, daughter, and Belgian citizen.  That she is  able to do so in a film that has long stretches where there is no dialogue  is remarkable.  She was nominated for Best Actress for this role, and she  more than deserved to win, but came up short.  &quot;The Nun's Story&quot;  illustrates that Audrey Hepburn certainly had the ability to flesh out  dramatic characters and that she was more than just a charming and  beautiful woman in a Givenchy outfit. She was a great actor as well.
B00003CWL5|5.0|This was one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen.  It was not just that the actors were beautiful, but the entire thing.  The cinematography was exsquisite and the actors were at the top of the game on  this one.  The most stunning scene in the entire thing was a shaky  projection of a old plastic bag blowing around in the wind.  Get this  one...you won't be disappointed in it!
B000007OY0|5.0|This has to be one of the best films that I have ever seen in my entire life.  A prison movie is an excellent idea and even better than that it was written by Stephen King which means that you know it is going to be really  good.  I am not going to go on and on about why you should watch this movie  or how it is really good.  If you like movies and I mean REALLY like them I  suggest that you watch this.  There is not one boring part in this movie.   It just seems to go on and on and on but it keeps you interested as it goes  on.  So I give this movie a 5 because of the brilliant acting and storyline  behind it.  I just couldn't think of a better way to spend a friday night  then watching this film.
0679442790|4.0|I read this book mainly because for my english class, we had to pick a book about an author who was not from the United States. But once i started it, i was not sure how i has exactly supposed to write a report on it. For  those of you who have read the book, you know what I mean. I had no idea  that the book would turn into what it is. The person reading the book is  provided with minimal information at the start of the book, and that makes  you want to turn the pages. then, once it actually goes to the storyline,  the book is a very thought provoking read. What a fantastic book.
6305622825|4.0|This movie was a really good romance film.  Connery and Jones were at there best in this film.  I am a Catherin Zeta-Jones fan big time and I really liked this movie because of her.  It has a really good storyline to  back it up.  At first I didn't know who stole the art work at the beginning  of the movie and to tell you the truth I still haven't figured out who it  was.  That is why I wish that they would tell you.  The one good thing that  none of you will expect is what happens in the end.  I am not going to  spoil it for you but for those of you who have seen it you know what to  expect right?  HA HA HA leave the ppl who haven't seen it in  suspense.  <br />It's a good movie so I suggest that u rent it.<br />Mild  Swearing Mild Sex Scenes  Not much more
B000031XCR|5.0|I love this CD except for the fact that I don't like a couple songs. But that doesn't matter cuz I give her a full 5 Stars. 6 Stars if I could. So I encourage you to buy this CD. Agree or Dis? E-mail me at  USAchick81@hotmail.com Thanx, peace!
B00000J7J4|2.0|I was disappointed with this CD after all the hype. How can one go from being one of the premier guitar legends of this century in 1969 to recording music thirty years later with an &quot;artist&quot; who calls  himself &quot;Eagle-Eyed Cherry?&quot; It's time to grow up, Mr. Santana.
0060254920|5.0|I read this book many years ago when I was a child. It's one of the very few 'childhood' books I've kept with me till this day. Being quite a mischevious child who loved to dream and make-believe, I could really  relate to this book through my childhood years.<br />Now I've passed on my  copy to my daughter who loves Max and the Wild Things as much as I used to.  At times, she would become Max while dad and mom the Wild Things.
B00000273P|5.0|well, i'm kind of lying, this is my second favorite album ever. the first being marillion AFRAID OF SUNLIGHT, but prefab sprout and paddy will never be able to top this gem. not one discardable moment on the album. it is  sonically as well as lyrically perfect. call it whatever you may, pop  genius, masterpiece, or conceptual tour de force. JORDAN, is perhaps the  most incredible pop album ever.
6305750750|1.0|The acting in this movie was very bad.  My favorit charictor in the movie was Jar Jar Binks, but even his ears went through people because the acter's never even stoped to look at how to do this.  A discrase to Star  Wars.
B000002MIB|1.0|Too long on the Sammy and guitar noise although that is Eddie's trademark sound if you like a lot of it.  Save your money for the earlier stuff with Roth.
B000003CMB|5.0|This is the only album (vinyl) that I ever bought (and wore out) 2 copies of. I bought THE FILLMORE CONCERTS 2CD set nearly four years ago. This was more than 15 years after I last played my vinyl copies. I could still  recall the &quot;original&quot; well enough from the COUNTLESS times I  played it to detect the differences, e.g., Hot 'Lanta. Maybe I will buy  this one, too, so I can have both &quot;the old&quot; and &quot;the  new.&quot; Either way, the music is awesome and Elizabeth Reed still  &quot;takes me away.&quot; I saw the ABB in 1973 and 1974 (alas, post-Duane  and post-Barry), and later saw Dicky Betts solo, too. I'm getting old, but  this music/this set will never age!
6305750750|5.0|If you follow Star Wars, then this movie should make perfect sense to you.  It introduces (much like the original) the characters that will become important later on in the series.<br />Sure, the dialogue may seem a little  forced at times, but if you watch Star Wars for dialogue, you're missing  the point.<br />The story of Anakin Skywalker is on of a fall and redemption  that starts in Episode One, and ends in Return of the Jedi (Episode Six).   Along the way, we get to see the wonderful characters of the series have  some truly fantastic adventures.<br />Probably one of the greatest if not the  greatest Sci-Fi series of all times.
B00000DLVA|4.0|I didn't know The Cardigans had a new album out when I bought Gran Turismo 2 for Playstation. And I didn't know the album was named Gran Turismo when I heard a sampling of &quot;My Favourite Game&quot; in the opening sequence  to the game. I loved the sample, not knowing initially who sang it. I  looked it up in the game credits, and then bought the cd. Gran Turismo is  an overall great album. not as fun as some previous work but accomplished,  nontheless. Setting a lower, perhaps darker tone than what I had heard  before,the beats have a serious groove to them and Persson's vocals are  great, as always. Highlites include erase/rewind, explode, do you believe,  and of course my favourite game. ps. &quot;my favourite game&quot; is the  best of the soundtracks on the GT2 game as well.
B00003CX59|5.0|This picture is a great story about Ickabod Crain,  The story was first told a Long time ago with an animated version from Disney,  The Legend of Sleepy Hollow.  Even tho, Christopher Walken was not given any credits in  the movie, He played an important and very convencing role.   Its a must  see movie and Im gonna add this one to my collection of Classics.  This  movie gets 5 stars from me.
6305159432|3.0|I don't know why I like &quot;The Red Scorpion&quot; so much, but I do. It's not because of the film's production values, which aren't bad, but don't set any standards for excellence. It's not because of the acting,  which ranges from over-the-top to wooden. It's not because of the story  line which is serviceable, with one exception -- there's a terrific  sequence involving Dolph Lundgren and a bushman that is touching and funny  and moves me every time I see the film. I'm hard-pressed to actually cite  something specific about the film that makes it so much fun for me to  watch.  Lundgren is completely believable as a special forces soviet  trooper.  It may be the part he was born to play.  His character is a  trained killer but with a mind.  And he uses it. I've watched this film a  dozen or so times over the past decade.  I finally bought it on DVD because  my tape won't last forever. The DVD image is sharper than my VHS and the  sound is clean.  Special Features are sparse...I seem to recall some bios  and, maybe, some stills.  But maybe not.  There's no commentary or  &quot;making of&quot; feature.  I bought the DVD because I think I'll want  to see it many more times. It doesn't make sense to me when I think about  why, but there it is! I really like this movie!
6305750750|5.0|I didn't expect some mind blowing end all cinematic experience. I payed $6.50 for a movie. I watched a movie. Nearly non stop action and cool, cardboard characters. Such a shame Star Wars has become a cult and has to  be judged on that AND a movie at the same time :( I cheered the goodguys,  booed the bad, and was bedazzled by the pod race and duel. The only real  complain I have was Boss Nass. He got on my nerves. But not enough to  detract from the film. For the standard film goer this movie is a lot of  fun!
0380804557|5.0|The most impressive aspect of Stardust is that it is a refreshing break from the norm. As far as fairy tales go, there are many familiar aspects to it, but all with a fresh twist. Stardust is a very easy read, but not a  mindless one. It is well written and the story flows effortlessly, but  there is a subtle complexity throughout. The book is full of intriging  characters and interesting places. Even though you pretty much know how  things will end, the story is so interesting, unique, and charming that  once you start you want to keep reading until you are finished. And there  is enough adventure and suprise along the way to keep the book in your  hands until you have. Gaiman has again managed to write a very distinctive  book that stands out from the crowd with originality and flair.
0790705141|5.0|A movie like we are used to from the main man kubrick. Great story, superb cast (especially the diabolic nicholson). Still watching the movie after all these years (i have em on tape) and i'm still enjoying the scene's like  it's the first time i watch em.The bar scene is my favourite ( the  conversation with the previous housekeeper) and the photo on the end with  nicholson smiling really does the trick.
B000000I0I|5.0|Ommadawn, like all classics, is timeless. It is a unique work that well over a decade later the composer himself still hasn't quite managed to match. Lovers of 'New Age' music will praise it for the atmospheric nature.  Lovers of rock will admire the guitar work. And lovers of great music no  matter what marketing label is slapped on it will marvel at the wondrous  aural tapestry that 'Ommadawn' produces. One word of caution for 'New Age'  music fans... 'Ommadawn' is mostly in minor keys. The result is something  that seems very chilling and mysterious. Further, there are many passages  that almost demand your attention, so this isn't exactly 'relaxation  music.'<br />Similar in structure to classic symphonic works, 'Ommadawn' is  built around a handful of themes and motifs that keep resurfacing  throughout the recording. Both Parts One and Two build to remarkable  climaxes that send chills down my spine while listening to 'Ommadawn' in  the dark. The music remains taut and edgy in feel throughout the piece,  even when it gets somewhat upbeat during a section of Part Two that echoes  traditional Irish music.<br />'Ommadawn' is a near-perfect example of what a  talented composer can do with modern instruments. Even the odd little  untitled folksey song that rounds out the album is remarkable in its  instrumentation and use of a vocal harmonies.
6304510861|5.0|I can certainly understand why most people don't particularly like this film, but most people don't really know -- or want to know -- very much of anything outside of their own immediate experiences, so who can blame them?  That being said, this is an excellent film. Lynch draws upon the stylings  of Fellini, Tarkovsky, Kubrick, Bergman, and Hitchcock to create a movie  that decidedly rebels against audience expectation, and this quality is its  strength. <br />In order to &quot;get&quot; this film, you should have some  familiarity postmodern literature (Delillo, Borges, Ashbery, etc.),  speculative/science fiction/horror literature (for example, Poe, Shepard,  and Lovecraft), along with a little knowledge of  theorists like  Baudrillard and Merleau-Ponty. Sorry to name-drop folks, but unless you're  interested in the aforementioned subjects, you probably won't be able to  understand this movie at all.<br />Of course, being unable to understand  something doesn't necessarily indicate that you won't enjoy it. The images  in this picture can carry you through process, provided you view Lost  Highway after dark. If you find yourself disliking the film at a gut-level,  just consider it lucky that you haven't invited any vampires into your  home.
1558908455|4.0|This is not Tarintino's best work. However there are some pretty good action packed sequences that blow you away.  The vampires in the movie could use some work.  George Clooney makes the movie, he is one of the  coolest guys in Hollywood and he doesn't stop here.  And Selma Hayek...  WOW...
1558807381|5.0|This film is without doubt a shimmering jewel, a glistening bag of symbols. One would HOPE that Ridley Scott never intended the thing to have any coherent plot or character development to begin with. One would hope  that he simply deigned to unleash upon the world a shockingly sensual  vision into the realm of magical dreams. If so, he succeeded. The film ages  well, precisely because it is so one-dimensionally breathtaking. This is a  film meant to be watched perhaps four times in the span of a year---once  with every passing of season. It is a sumptuous visual feast, a treat for  the eye that slowly permeates the consciousness with every viewing. Utterly  spectacular on that count. Were we to judge it according to typical movie  standards it would not qualify. Completely apart...an entity unto itself.  It would not surprise me if, in three hundred years, this obscure film is  somehow lifted up as a defining masterpiece of its time. The film is that  unusual and beguiling. That quirky. It must be translated to DVD...and  swiftly!
6300274195|3.0|I saw this video many years ago as a college going student actually. Even at that age I loved the movie and I still find myself humming the song 'See an elephant fly'. A superb movie of which I don't remember much except that  it moved me so much.
B00000IPGT|5.0|Oh, yes it is, the very finest thing they ever did.  But you'd better come equipped with an understanding of the times and the place (and not just what you learned in Sunday School) or you'll miss half of the jokes.  Elegant satirical commentary, witty, very well written, and funny funny  FUNNY!  I've seen it dozens of times and still find something new in it  every time I watch it (like Holy Grail). Buy it, watch it over and over.   If you love Python you'll love this....
B00001ODHL|5.0|One of my favorite films.  Raimi and Bruce Campbell have once again combined bad horror (on purpose for those ignorant to the Evil Dead trilogy) and top notch sarcasm.  You gotta love it.  Ash is back and just  as funny and I love how this movie is much like Evil Dead part 2 but yet  was COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.  What a scenery change and yet there scripts  still work.  Bravo.  Bring us Ash again PLEASE.
B00000BKI4|4.0|First, and foremost, I am not a diehard Mercury Rev fan.  I say this because I assume that most people that buy Rev cd's are.  Mercury Rev is the type of band that not just anyone hears about, it is time they did.  I  have read comparison after comparison between Mercury Rev and the Flaming  Lips.  Although the Lips do fulfill a void in music, as far as talent goes,  there is no comparison.  Deserter's Songs is excellent. With a sound fully  refined above and beyond Lip's attempts, Rev brings soothing music to the  masses.  Opus 40 is terrific, and Endlessly is amazing.  If you do not mind  a change of pace, I truly suggest giving this CD a twirl.
B000006NPY|4.0|This album is great, although it was a disapointment. I was expecting it to be a bit heavier. There are some great songs on here, like Ava Adore, Tear, ect. The loast half of the album is extremely long to listen to and  seems repetitive. The lyrics however, are good. You should buy this CD,  even though its not the Pumpkins best.
B000001E8P|4.0|If you were to look at my other reviews, you would notice that I have written on a variety of different styles of music.  I say this because I truly only write about music that I completely enjoy, and Pulp's Different  Class is no exception.  Drawn to this band by the popish Common People, I  was excited to find out that the rest of the album was as impressive. I am  not the type to give into catchy lyrics and hooks, but well crafted ones,  evident throughout this album, are welcome every now and then.  I find  myself grabbing for this album on the commute to and from work, and it is a  great release from everyday hassles.  Disco 2000 and Something Changed are  great additions to this album. Put in Different Class, turn the volume up,  let your voice free, and sing along with great Brit pop.
B000000WA4|5.0|Of course, it isd second to the Fragile, but it's not far off. It has all the hits and a lot of other great songs. The first disk, Dawn to Dusk includes Tonight, tonight, Zero, Bullet With Butterfly Wings, and many  other great songs. Although sometimes the lyrics or song title don't seem  to make sense (Like Porcelina of the Vast Oceans?), still it is an  incredibly written and performed album, definitely my favorite of the  Smashing Pumpkins.
0783225970|5.0|Ok this movie was great! When I first heard about it I thought it wouldn't be that good because it involves the Cuban Mafia rather than my favorite Italian Mafia. But I was pleasantly suprised it was realistic, gory, and  had a lot of swears.  It seems to portray the time period's problem with  cocaine.  I would recommend this movie to all who are interested in the  organized crime topic.  The DVD picture quality was not that great but the  extra features and widescreen format over rules the poor picture quality.  But I was not that surprised because the movie is 20 years old.
0061003697|5.0|....READ THIS BOOK! I've read it about ten times so far, and I never get tired of it. I truely believe that it is Christie's best - some of her novels tend to swagger off a little, and lose interest.  Not this one. The main characters Jackie, Simon, and Linnet are extremely well developed, and the seemingly impossible situation of the murder kept me guessing until the end (god that sounds cliched...:)) My only minor qualm is that it seems like Christie tried to cram too many criminals on one boat - a jewelry thief, a mob hitman, a kleptomaniac, a murderer, etc.  But, that's too minor to dock off a star. Incidentally, it has also been made into a very good movie with with Peter Ustinov (?) as Poirot and Mia Farrow as Jackie.<br />READ THIS BOOK!  YOU WON'T BE SORRY!
6305372411|5.0|From the earth to the moon.  It should have been called from the books to the T.V.  Just some of the best screenplay that I have ever seen.  Tom Hanks should be called a national hero for coming up with this.  Now I know  that most young people (I myself am 15) Are shaking their head and saying  no way, i won't enjoy a dumb documentry.  TRUST ME! YOU WILL LOVE IT! Just  again unbeleveable, It pulls you in, and tells you the truth.  Great  effects! No errors! Just to good.
1568959672|5.0|This book is a wonderful tool for my students. I would like to hear from other people three different questions that I will be discussing with my class. They select the following questions: 1. Every Tuesday, Mitch brings  food when he visits Morrie.What is the significance of food for Mitch,  2.What Morrie means &quot;Learn to detach&quot; Is he contradicting his  earlier advice?, 3. Mitch brother's is not mentioned in the movie. Why not?  Is this oversight?.  Thank readers for your support.
B00000JGEO|1.0|I've always been ambivalent about the movies of James Cameron. (It doesn't help that for all of the success of his films, Cameron comes across in his interviews as a self-absorbed egomaniac.) Okay, &quot;Aliens&quot; was a  decent sequel, and the Terminator films were terrifically exciting action  flicks, but Cameron's films (&quot;Titanic&quot; being a notable exception)  always felt like they relied on their big bangs to make people stay in  their seats. Cameron's films were big and empty . . . that special  something was lacking. &quot;True Lies&quot; is a perfect example of  Cameron's emptiness.<br />The plot? Arnold is an agent working for a secret  intelligence organization combating terrorism, while his wife (Jamie Lee  Curtis) labors under the belief that her husband is a boring 9-to-5  white-collar office guy. Ultimately, in foiling a plot by an Islamic  terrorist group to blow up a U.S. city with a nuke, Arnold gets Jamie mixed  up in his work and must save the U.S. while he saves his marriage, blah  blah blah . . . . Let's not mince words. This is a pretty lousy  movie.<br />Where to begin? The worst part of this movie was in Arnold's  treatment of his wife, whom he kidnaps and forces to pretend to be a  prostitute. If Arnold really loved his wife why would he subject her to  such a humiliating and perilous ordeal? It's disappointing that Cameron,  whose previous films featured strong heroines (&quot;Terminator 2&quot;,  &quot;Aliens&quot;), makes Jamie Lee Curtis into such a victim here. And I  also laughed at the scene where, after they escape the terrorists, she  kisses him while a nuclear explosion engulfs a Caribbean island behind  them. The scene was:<br />A) stupid . . . honestly now, if any guy actually  forced their wife to pretend to be a prostitute as a trick and she found  out they'd be a dead man. And, <br />B) it was just plain corny <br />The movie's  curious mix of humor and over-the-top action comes off pretty poorly too.  The opening sequence featuring Arnold in a tux looked silly. I kept waiting  for the joke, thinking Cameron was doing a parody of Mission: Impossible at  first.<br />The action was pretty over-wrought as well. I enjoyed the action  Director John Woo put in &quot;Face/Off&quot; for its ballet-esque style  and skill. It was over-the-top sure, but it had style and grace and didn't  try to take itself seriously. In &quot;True Lies&quot; Cameron was trying  to say &quot;Can you top this?&quot; More killing! More explosions! More  mayhem! More loud noises! Cameron has no finesse, no style as a Director.  This movie is all brawn and no brain.<br />People have also criticized  &quot;True Lies&quot; for being anti-Arab, for its portrayal of Islamic  terrorism with his bad guys, the &quot;Crimson Jihad&quot;. There is merit  to that criticism, but my biggest beef with Cameron's choice of villains is  their blandness. The leader of these guys snarls and looks nasty and beats  on women, but is a pretty wooden bad guy.<br />Critics have also lambasted the  movie for its violence (in 1995 Presidential candidate Bob Dole blasted  Hollywood for making anti-social movies and suggested &quot;True Lies&quot;  was a &quot;family friendly&quot; film. Arnold's status as a GOP fundraiser  and the cameo by now-NRA President Charlton Heston may have affected his  analysis more than anything else). Again, there is merit here. The action  is bloody and jarring in &quot;Face/Off&quot;, but the action is more meant  to upset us than anything else. &quot;True Lies&quot; is a glorification of  killing and mayhem. Arnold kills someone, whips off a snippy line and keeps  going. Pretty disturbing.<br />So was there anything I liked about &quot;True  Lies&quot;? Sure, I kinda liked Tom Arnold's role as Arnold's sidekick. He  was pretty funny.<br />Watching &quot;True Lies&quot; I'm reminded of  Shakespeare. This is a movie with much sound and fury, and it signifies  nothing. Big, loud, and empty to the core.
B00000I8NC|5.0|slow riot is one of my favourite cds.  the dynamics, rising and falling, create a dream-like atmosphere that is like nothing else.  as the cd plays, tension and suspense is built, leading to amazing climaxes and  anti-climaxes.  the depth in this record is unreal.  buy it!    true  alternative music at its best.
0767835255|4.0|Is it possible for Harrison Ford to make a bad movie? Maybe, but &quot;Air Force One&quot; ain't it. This is a riveting movie about a terrorist group hijacking the world's most well-known airplane, while the President (played  by Ford) must single-handedly defeat them. From Ford's performance to the  special effects to the music, this is a wonderful film.<br />Wolfgang  Petersen, the maker of the terrifically gripping &quot;Das Boat&quot;,  directs here and lends the film a terrific sense of claustrophobia. The  cat-and-mouse game Ford plays with the terrorists will leave the audience  on the edge of their seat. Ford is the idealization of what every American  wants his Chief Executive to be- tough, a man of action, resourceful. The  same way Cary Grant and Humphrey Bogart were film icons of the 1940s and  50s, Ford will come to be remembered as one of the great actors of the 80s  and 90s. His casting could not have been better.<br />Jerry Goldsmith's music  here is good, but not great (his score for &quot;U.S. Marshals&quot; was  better). I wasn't overly thrilled with Gary Oldman's performance as the  leader of the Russian terrorists (a little over-the-top at times) and I  wonder if the Russian nationalist plot hasn't been overdone by Hollywood. I  also didn't buy the climactic final rescue of the President from the  crashing plane. The rest of the cast is quite good however, and the action  is exciting.<br />On the balance, a pretty darn good movie.
B000002KIE|5.0|When Guns 'n' Roses (an over-rated band) first were touted as the best thing going, their lead guitarist Slash was asked if he was surprised at the praise they were receiving, and he said, &quot;Nah. Let's face it,  there hasn't been anything really good in rock and roll since the Sex  Pistols broke up.&quot; This album is proof of the truth of that statement.
0790734850|5.0|I saw &quot;LA Confidential&quot; wondering what all of the hoopla was about. At the end of the movie I was really surprised at how much I liked this movie, a tale of three LA detectives unraveling a murder mystery in  1950s Los Angeles.<br />Based on the James Ellroy novel, &quot;LA  Confidential&quot; is written and directed by Curtis Hanson, a terrifically  talented writer and director. Hanson dives the audience right into the  story, engrossing us in the story from the outset. His vision of LA in the  50's feels real- no rose-colored looks at 1950s America here. The crooks  are violent, the cops either corrupt or (mostly) well-intentioned, and all  is not well in paradise. Los Angeles may be paradise, but there is sure  trouble in it. <br />Give Hanson credit for casting too. The cast is terrific-  James Cromwell (one of my favorite actors), Kim Basinger, Kevin Spacey  (another one of my favorites), Danny DeVito, David Strathairn, and  newcomers Guy Pierce and Russell Crowe are outstanding. Crowe in particular  does an outstanding job, taking a character that seems at first glance to  be a big thug and making him into a complex hero.<br />Everything else about  &quot;LA Confidential&quot; is right on the money. Film noir at its finest.
068484267X|4.0|Not many of us could survive the abject poverty and ignorance that Frank McCourt's autobiography reveals. This tale of his Irish, Catholic upbringing in the lanes of Limerick could be one of the most depressing  books you'll ever read. However, McCourt's strong character and innate  sense of survival come shining through with his ability to bring out the  humor in the most desperate of situations. The Irish, Catholics have often  had many misfortunes visited on them, but this book gives you a first  person account of the truth as seen through the eyes of a child. It is a  must read.
B00003BDXG|5.0|Don't listen to those people who dismiss this film as a horrible and irresponsible mess - it is one of the most brazen and funny films that has been produced in the 90s. People are missing the fact that the whole thing  is an OTT comedy, which condemns the media and the idiots who fall into the  trap of believing them. It's full of brilliant sequences and some great  performances (especially Robert Downey Jnr and Tom Sizemore). Some of the  scenes will stick in your head for a long time, but not for their  brutality. The moment when the killers and Downey escape from the prison  riot along a corridor with everyone following and their subsesquent run out  the door is a hilarious scene which mixes all Stone wants to say in a few  minutes. Brilliantly filmed, it is just one of many in a colourful, loud  and purposely extravagant film. The commentary is very good, with Stone  admitting what doesn't work or make sense, and the deleted scens are very  interesting (about half an hour of them). Also, the documentary is really  interesting for once, not just a hurried mess. The picture is a little soft  at times, but with so many forms of cinematography in the film you won't be  able to notice too often. This film will not make you into a murderer.  Guaranteed. But it will make you wonder about the media and why the hell we  listen to them. And I'm a journalist myself.
B00000DGRX|5.0|Deep purple is the giant hard rock band who refuses to die, lets forget the other commercial rock bands which were death for many years as Bob seger, Zeppelin, Stones, Blondie, Eagles what ever,...this band belongs to  the rare HARD ROCK category....This band still exist until nowadays...check  out Highway star, Smoke,.., Space truckin, Black night wow! immortal songs!  That is a big mistake, if someone  who never know this DEEP PURPLE. See ya  on the next tour guys! we love ya, cheers your immortal fan
0784010188|5.0|&quot;Terminator 2&quot; is in my opinion the best movie ever, I've seen this movie about 40 times and I think it gets better each time I watch it. This film is a rarity: A sequel that far surpasses the originial, though  the first &quot;Terminator&quot; is one of my favorite films I still think  that this movie is better. This is also the best film of the 1990's. The  reason this movie is so good has nothing to do with the jaw-dropping visual  effects. Effects don't make a movie better just more fun to watch, this  film has an emotional side that is very moving.
0553213105|5.0|Despite the fact that there are literally hundreds of reviews of this book, I somehow feel it important to share my thoughts.  This is one of my favorite books of all time, though I came to it very late in life.  During  my 5th reading of it, I started musing over why this book had such an  incredible impact on me.  I finally figured it out.  This book and almost  of all Austen's other brilliant novels speak to me about the life-altering  possibilities of love.  This reality was completely integral to the lives  of women in the 18th and 19th century.  If you were a woman, your fate --  whether you became a wife, a mother, a mistress of a fine home or stayed at  home the rest of your days taking care of your parents -- was completely  determined by a man choosing you.  But this idea, even in our times in  which women actually have options and power to change their lives, is  highly compelling.  These books -- these characters -- capture the feeling  that everyone who has every fallen in love has that in one instant their  lives, if joined with another, will be changed forever and exponentially  and in ways they cannot even imagine.  It is that feeling of possibility  that Jane Austen has put into words, and why, I believe, her books are  still as influencial as they were 2 hundred years ago.
0140177396|5.0|This is one of the best books i've read for school. The novella is classic and the ending is terribly sad.
B000002A3T|5.0|I don't understand this big battle over who is best Roger, David, or Syd.  To me they are all equally great and along with Richard and Nick they make Pink Floyd the best band.  The Division bell is almost a review of their  past only without the typical references to Syd. It is really about  themselves and not dwelling on everything else they have written about.  By  the way keep listening after High Hopes for another minute and you'll hear  a faint telephone conversation between a guy and someone named Charlie,  almost a highlight of the album.
0345423496|3.0|Their were enough revelations, technologies and other discovery's to save this ending. I especially liked the return of Poole, a character who hasn't been heard from since 2001, and in that he had a small part. But by the  fourth book, the story was getting a little dull.
B000000OAL|5.0|Queen is by far one of the greatest rock groups ever to grace the airwaves and our homes.  Freddie's voice, Brian's guitar, Roger's drum, and  John's bass collaborate to make one of the finest albums in rock.  The album  starts off strong with Keep Yourself Alive and keeps on going right to the  end.  With songs like &quot;Liar&quot; and &quot;Doin Alright&quot;, this  album rocks to the end while redefining hard rock music and is great to  listen to anytime of day.  This is Queen's finest and should definatley be  part of your collection.
B00000J7JO|2.0|I am not a big Chili Peppers fan, but I do enjoy some of their songs. Although this CD has a couple of good ones, it is not their best. It's too soft for them.
0316286869|5.0|I am only fifteen years old, but I have a great love for art and also makeup.  A friend of mine showed me this book, and I immediately fell in love.  I love this book for its artistry and boldness and straightforward  knowledge instead of practical, daily tips that can be found in any  magazine.  Kevyn shows the face as a canvas that can be molded with shading  and a varied palette rather than merely a piece of human flesh with flaws  and imperfections.  Kevyn Aucoin is a great artist, and I appreciate his  work very much.
B000000WA4|5.0|This Album is a unbelievable masterpiece. Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is the Best Pumpkins Album they ever made, and I cannot believe they will ever make a better one than this.  It starts with the most  beautiful opener I've heard for years and from then it becomes better and  better. Songs like &quot;bullet with butterfly wings', &quot;love&quot; and  'bodies' influenced my soul, and I don't believe I will hear such emotional  songs ever again. Every song on this album is amazing, except 'tales of a  scorched earth', a song which I personally don't like. If you are a fan of  psychadelic, alternative rock music, this album has to be part of your  CD-collection. You do have to like Billy Corgan's voice though, but if you  listen deeper, it doesn't make any more sense
6305750750|2.0|...would be the easiest way to characterize this film. Admittedly, my 10-year-old daughter was enthralled. I was merely interested. I must admit I am somewhat biased, as I am more into the common-man themed universe of  Star Trek than the darkly Imperial reality of Lucas' creation, wherein the  only important people are members of the royal houses and a few Jedis with  special powers. Everyone else are just rabble awaiting the pleasure of  their betters.<br />But enough philosophical differences. The thing is, I look  at Lucas and his creation as I do Speilberg and Disney, giving lip service  to wanting to bring fun and adventure into our lives, but at the same time  trying to squeeze every last nickle out of us for the privilege of  partaking of said fun and adventure. The fact is, I would have given the  flick three stars, but for the obvious decision to hold off on the DVD  release until such time as he feels as much money as possible has been made  with the VHS format sales. I want a clean picture and the best possible  sound. Lucas refuses to give it to me, at least not in a timely fashion,  instead tempting me - unsuccessfully - with an inferior format.<br />I'll  wait. And if he doesn't release it in DVD, then I simply won't spend the  money.
B000005DQR|5.0|Endtroducing..contains the most emotional triphop/laidback material I've ever heard.. Every track has a special function on this album, and they are very diverse; from the scratchin' intro to the magic soul of the last  track.  If you are a fan of triphop, laidback hiphop, or just good music;  you will have to buy this one
6305750750|5.0|If you want to see a child's dream of the future and an annoying creature, this is it. It was a good movie if you can relate to young Anakin. It didn't have that spark from the original three and it was an attempt to bring on the younger viewers. I just wish that Jar Jar Binks didn't exist, annoying creature.
B00000K3UR|5.0|This is an awesome movie.  Sonny(Adam)is left to care for a kid that doesn't belong to him, he ends up really loving the kid and wanting to adopt him.  The only problem is that nobody thinks he should be able to  care for him.   Adam fills this movie with his hilarious comedy and a great  all-star cast.  Anyone that dosn't like this movie is CRAZY!
B000002UB3|4.0|This album has earned many accolades, but here is why I think it is quite ordinary.<br /><br />Unlike most Beatles albums, this one boasted two hit records, Come Together and Something.  These happen to also be the two best tracks on a mediocre album by Beatles standards that boasts another excellent song by George Harrison, Here Comes the Sun, and a lot of filler.<br /><br />Let me explain. By the time this album was recorded it was pretty much a fait accompli that the group was breaking up.  Boosted by Paul is dead false rumors, that fueled a resurgence in sales of the Beatles albums, Abbey Road  made its way to the top of the charts.  If you peel back the slick George Martin veneer you will find these fairly weak tracks, even by Beatles standards.<br /><br />Maxwell's Silver Hammer.  A very dreary song about a serial murderer.  Nothing much redeemable about it other than the cool Moog synthesizer music that accompanies the below par lyrics.<br /><br />Octopus's Garden. Ringo wrote it.  Need more be said?  The music is nice, the lyrics are dreadful, and Ringo's singing is off key as usual.<br /><br />I Need You.  Lennon singing the same lyrics over and over and over and over, mercifully ending in a swirl of white noise.  Seems as if he had a thing for Yoko, no?<br /><br />The famed medley.  Most of it was McCartney snippets of incomplete songs, together with two Lennon ditties, Polythene Pam and Mean Mr. Mustard, pasted together to make something of nothing.  Sun King is nice but goes nowhere.  The best parts are Paul's, and the End has some nice solos, including the only Ringo drum solo of his career as a Beatle.  Her Majesty was tacked on to the end; it was originally to be part of the medley.  Little wonder it was tossed out.<br /><br />So in essence Martin took what he had, from a well long ago gone dry, and blended it up into a nice souffle.  Very slickly marketed, and since it was their last it was best remembered. Plus the record album picture was very nice.
6304602901|5.0|This was a great movie from a lost age of silly moviemaking.  While the sequals were too trying, the original is a classic from the 80s.  Porky's, Animal House, Stripes and Police Academy are all cut from the same mold.   Silly, mindless fun.  This was when movies were dumb and a whole lot more  fun!
B000002UDB|5.0|It's both a soundtrack of the TV program of the same name, and a compilation of some of their better know songs from the same period.<br /><br />Beware of cheap knockoffs.  If the price is too good to be true there is a reason for it.  Only buy from Amazon or a big box store.
0800136586|5.0|When one of my daughters was little she used to focus on one movie at a time and watch it with me every day for months.  The first of these was Annie.  I saw Annie every day after work 8,436 consecutive days.  We love  you Miss Hannigan.  A tumble with the Bundle.  Is my brain going a little  soft?  Sometimes I have flashbacks - of Vietnamese snipers, of napalm, of  Bolsheviks throwing bombs through windows and getting caught by little dogs  named Sandy.  Of little girls in red dresses holding their fists up  menacingly.  Anyway to my surprise I noticed something different every time  I saw the movie.  A lot of thought and professionalism went into it.
B00000490M|5.0|Oh my god! This movie is so inspirational. It is totally number 3 on my list of best movies right behind Winger &quot;The Videos&quot; and Yanni &quot;Live at the Acropolis&quot;. The part where Daniel-sans girlfriend  breaks up with him is so sad. I cried and cried but then by the end it all  works out! I was so  happy! That song when he is training for the  tournament is so good! &quot;You're the best. Around! No one's ever going  to keep you down! &quot; I love it. It sounds like a Winger song. I wish  that Cobra Kai gang would just leave Daniel-san alone. He just wants to do  Karate! Geez! Lighten up! So he plays soccer, big deal! That doesn't mean  he is dumb or anything. And this movie was really a great springboard for  Elizabeth Shue. I mean, she totally went on to awesome heights after this  in Adventures in Babysitting. I like how his mom drives that beat up old  station wagon. It's just like the one I drive and live in. I park it and  sleep outside the landfill because nobody bothers me there. But if they  did, I would let 'em have it like Mr. Miagi let the Cobra Kai have it. Go  get this movie and get wasted while watching it!
6300213668|5.0|This was one of those 5 or 6 movies that my little daughter made me watch with her over and over every day after work for months.  I really didn't mind.  The only part I found painful was when Danny Zuko blew off his  pretty Australian girlfriend in front of his friends.  Her name was Sandy,  right?  But wasn't that the name of the dog in Annie, another of my  daughter's favorites?  I'm getting confused.  After 8 million viewings of  Annie followed by another 8 million of Grease I think it's all starting to  blend together.  And every damn time, Danny Zuko would cave in to male peer  pressure and act like a phony to Olivia Newton-John.  One of the high  points of this movie was in the drive-in theatre when Danny elbowed Olivia  in the arm.  I forget how Miss Hannigan and her brother Rooster fit into  all this.
0517543052|5.0|It's near amazing to me how well Be Here Now has stood up over what's now quite a long time!<br />It both gives readers a great intro to hippy tripping in the 60s, and, more important for me, it gives one of the best,  straightforward, introducations to what the major religions have in common  with each other and with &quot;spirituality&quot;.  And it's great for  learning to meditate.<br />I suppose there will be a number of evangelical  souls who will disagree, but I really think that this book might well be  good for even the most fundemental of Christians, at least those who've got  any openness left to the many different sorts of messages one can get from  the Godhead, by whatever names.
068484267X|5.0|Alot of people gave McCourt flack for reinforcing the stereotype of the Irish. But I think they failed to realize that this was his childhood and the experiences that shaped his life was through his eyes. McCourt wrote  this book as if he was writing a journal. His retrospect was far from the  usual autobiography. He allows us into his lives by touching emotions that  we may not known were there. Absolutely brilliant, this will be required  reading in English Literature classes ten years from now.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I was fortunate enough to visit Japan this January and acquire a copy of &quot;Mononoke Hime&quot; (&quot;Princess Mononoke&quot;) on VHS-which by the way was a very high quality transfer presented in its original  widescreen format-obviously in Japanese.  I purchased the film for  collectable value, and my ownership of the original Japanese version only  propells my desire to own the American version.  &quot;Princess  Mononoke&quot; is a beautiful, phylosophical, and riveting film that ranks  highly among even the finest of western classics.  Utilizing  director/writer Hayao Miyazaki's patented eye for subtle detail (both in  character development and dramatic presentation) its vast arrayment of  imagery and harrowingly complex storytelling all conveniantly blend to form  a dazzling and unforgettable motion picture experience.  &quot;Princess  Mononoke&quot; is my favorite film of the year and a candidate for one of  the greatest films ever conceived.  It is essential that Miramax release  this film in the highest quality possible as they had intended (and  succeeded) in its American theatrical release.
6305508550|5.0|This movie is hilarious.   Mike Judge directed a great movie that has gone relatively unnoticed.  You will feel like you have met alot of the characters because they are all so diverse.  Everyone knows a Michael  Bolton, Milton, guy with the &quot;oh face&quot; quote, etc.  The cubicle  satire is great and brought back alot of memories for me.
B0000021RL|5.0|I can't share the view of fans who say the band lost it after the second album, or peaked with V.  This is clearly Chicago's loveliest, most musically adventurous (if you leave out &quot;Free Form Guitar&quot; and  Lamm's solo piano noodlings from the first album, which have a certain  dated charm but don't wear well), and most all-around rewarding  album.<br />Others have noted that vocal tracks don't start until way into the  album. There are some nights I just listen to &quot;Prelude to Aire&quot;  and &quot;Aire,&quot; a gentle jazz instrumental pair that puts the horns  -- jabbing flute and soothing brass -- up front. &quot;Devil's Sweet,&quot;  credited to drummer Danny Seraphine if I remember correctly, is more harsh  and discordant, but not rocking or savage. &quot;Italian From New  York&quot; lays down a hilarious honking rhythm track (Lamm fooling around  with an ARP synthesizer), over which the horns gambol.<br />&quot;Hanky  Panky,&quot; like &quot;Mongonucleosis&quot; later, puts brand new member  Laudir de Oliveira's congas at the forefront. Nice Latin stuff, if you like  that kind of thing. Straight pop rocker &quot;Life Saver,&quot; and the  bopping last two cuts, &quot;Women Don't Want To Love Me&quot; and  &quot;Skinny Boy,&quot; are fairly lightweight, too (although one should  note the presence of the Pointer Sisters on backup vocals on the last). My  apologies to pavlik in Alaska and Mr. Letheby in Adelaide, but I also find  &quot;Song of the Evergreens&quot; forgettable, with the boys singing  &quot;snow-snow-snow-snow&quot; ad nauseam behind Kath's meandering vocals  and metallic guitar.<br />I've saved the best for last, and there's plenty.  &quot;Happy Man&quot; is a truly gorgeous Cetera ballad. &quot;Byblos&quot;  is one of those non-rhyming wonders by Kath -- an account of longing for  companionship at war with one's better instincts toward a friend; the very  first acoustic guitar chords will get you. &quot;Call On Me&quot; and  &quot;(I've Been) Searchin' So Long&quot; are two of the excellent singles  from this album ... but the ultimate is &quot;Wishing You Were Here&quot;:  no profound lyric, but an incredible sound, vocal and instrumental, that  just captures loneliness and desire (with the help of the Beach  Boys).<br />This album is an absolute gem. Perhaps the only thing missing is  some truly heavy blues of the sort one finds on the first three albums.  (Okay, I admit VII is a bit on the mellow side.)<br />What a comedown that the  next tunes the band would cut would include the silly &quot;Harry  Truman&quot; and forgettable &quot;Old Days.&quot;  I stopped listening  shortly after that, never to return.'ve Been) Searchin' So Long&quot; are two of the excellent singles  from this album ... but the ultimate is &quot;Wishing You Were Here&quot;:  no profound lyric, but an incredible sound, vocal and instrumental, that  just captures loneliness and desire (with the help of the Beach  Boys).<br />This album is an absolute gem. Perhaps the only thing missing is  some truly heavy blues of the sort one finds on the first three albums.  (Okay, I admit VII is a bit on the mellow side.)<br />What a comedown that the  next tunes the band would cut would include the silly &quot;Harry  Truman&quot; and forgettable &quot;Old Days.&quot;  I stopped listening  shortly after that, never to return.
B000002UAR|5.0|This album is my favorite of all time.It blends &quot;psycedelica&quot; with plain ole' rock-n-roll.It is the beginning of the end though for magor creativity in purely popular music.Sgt. Pepper finished that thought.For  everyone else,from here on out it has been basically a canibalism of things  already done...including the Beatles.Technology might make some differences  or even make things sound better, but if you want to hear where it got as  good as it gets...this is the CD for you!
B000000WCX|5.0|After 3 months of listening to this album, I have come to the following conclusion: Earthling is one of the best albums this listener's ears have bled to in a long time. I previously wrote a review that the album was too  techno for my personal taste, but after hearing Bowie's latest album  &quot;Hours...&quot; and realizing a love for two things (#1. The daring  experimentation of Bowie's musical styles and Reeves Gabrels' guitar  playing, and #2. Good electronica), I would have to say that this is not  only one of Bowie's stronger efforts, but one of the best electronic albums  to emerge in the '90's. Bowie has taken the styles of Nine Inch Nails,  Aphex Twin, Moby, Meat Beat Manifesto, and Bomb the Bass, and mutated it  into a hybrid of techno (they seem to be calling it Jungle or drum n' bass,  though I fail to understand the real difference) fueled rock n' roll. There  are enough loud distorted guitars to make a heavy metal fan happy, and yet  the music would not be out of place at a good rave club (look at Chemical  Brothers).<br />On to the songs...<br />&quot;Little Wonder&quot;: I always liked  this song second to &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans,&quot; mainly because it  was the one that most instantly appealed to me. Immediately we have  Gabrels' edgy squeaking guitars, a driving beat, with lyrics that seem so  random that it could only be Bowie. I fail to see why people disapprove of  this as the lead-off single.<br />&quot;Looking for Satellites&quot;: Again, a  catchy chorus of random words, with a bit more subdued rhythm that still  makes you want to get up and dance. Gabrels' long solo at the end is far  more complex than many people realize (he only played on one string at a  time for every chord change, until he reached the top string). A strange  song at best, but appropriate for the oddness that surrounds Bowie's music,  most especially for this album.<br />&quot;Battle for Britain (The  Letter)&quot;: Mike Garson's piano on this is as hectic as ever, but it is  all the more welcome for it. One would not think that his style of playing  would fit a song that hits you with a fast syncopated techno beat and  Gabrels' crushing guitar riffs. A great song for dub remixes.<br />&quot;Seven  Years in Tibet&quot;: This song is the closest you can get on this album to  anything resembling classic Bowie. It begins slowly and quietly with an  almost jazzy backdrop and a slow dance beat (similar to the one used by NIN  on &quot;Closer,&quot; but don't be fooled...it isn't a sample from that  song). The song then picks up with a crashing guitars that eventually fade  out into a trippy keyboard line. Hypnotizing, though I will admit it is not  a song that caught my fancy as immediately as most of the rest of the  album. Stripped down, it would not have been out of place on any of Bowie's  past albums from the '70's.<br />&quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;: The most raving  song on the album in my opinion. The intro keyboard is something you'd  expect on an Autechre or Orbital album. It may at this point become evident  that Gabrels might have gone overboard with the volume control on his  Roland VG-8 soundboard (Check out Guitar Player Magazine's back catalog for  the interviews with him and Bowie about this album), but it hardly hurts  the appeal of the album (though it may hurt your ears).<br />&quot;Telling  Lies&quot;: Without having heard the infamous &quot;original version&quot;  that was released exclusively on the internet, and that everyone in the  world has heard except for myself, I can't say much about this song other  than it is almost a clone of &quot;Battle for Britain (The Letter).&quot;  If this song were on another Bowie album, maybe that would have been a bad  thing, but here...it somehow seems to fit and retain it's own  character.<br />&quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot;: &quot;Haunting&quot;  is all I have to say about this song.<br />&quot;I'm Afraid of  Americans&quot;: My favorite song on the album.When I first heard it, it  was from the video of the NIN remix version 1, and most people who liked  the song were telling me that the NIN remix was far superior. I let them  fool me for a long time, for I love NIN, but I love this album version a  lot better. Again, there is an earlier version from the  &quot;Showgirls&quot; soundtrack that I haven't heard, so...I can't say  much more about the song. The lyrics are by far my favorite, and to this  day remains my favorite song on the album.<br />&quot;Law (Earthlings on  Fire)&quot;: &quot;Trippy&quot; AND &quot;Haunting.&quot; This is a perfect  ending for an album that is as erratic as it is good. The opening voice  &quot;I don't want knowledge, I want certainty&quot; finally portrays the  1984-ish quality not only of the world we live in now, but also finally  gets the message Bowie had been trying to get across to us for 20 years.  Granted that message was stolen from Orwell and other pessimistic  futurists, but Bowie's message was transmutated into something more  positive by daring us to get up and dance. This closing song does just  that.<br />Overall, this album has finally grown on me to become one of my  favorite albums of all time. I rarely listen to it without going from  beginning to end. It has even helped to inspire the sound of the band that  I am in myself to the extent that Bowie's experimentation with a genre that  &quot;the youngsters seem to have a stranglehold on&quot; (my best  impression of a 50-year-old musician who knows he can outdo all of them) is  something to behold. And he does outdo them all. Forget NIN, forget Aphex  Twin, forget Orbital, this is among the best electronic albums ever made,  among the best alternative albums of all time, and one of Bowie's best  albums since &quot;Scary Monsters (And Super  Creeps).&quot;<br />Dance...dammit...dance!
0380973839|5.0|Ray Bradbury's book The Martian Chronicles is quite a collection. It spans several years and tells of the settling of Mars. Most any reader would admit that the book was fascinating. It seems to delve into the human  spirit, and, as we enter a new century, it seems more and more prophetic. I  was compelled to change my life when I found out what the silence on the  radio meant. I could see his ending happening to us today.<br />Also the novel  is the foundation for so many other wonderful Bradbury stories. There  exists in The Martian Chronicles a little Farenheight 451. I bit of  Something Wicked This Way Comes. This book is a great introduction to the  world of Bradbury.
B000003653|4.0|This alboum is one of the best thing ever if you are a gong fan. if not then take a chance to listen to some of the origional gong, like angle egg or Flying teapot.  the music is all very weird but calm, and varying. they  sing about the planet gang and how the pot headed pixies who inhabit this  strange planet, they fly into space using strange flying tea pots, there is  much more to the gong story, so if you are interested, then check out the  gong home page!  :-)
6302548195|5.0|Trust me.If you are at all interested in working out in any form,no other film or magazine will give you so much motivation.The man is unique! If you have a copy to sell i dont mind pirate please e-mail me.I am in  London,England.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Having enjoyed the TV show Roswell since it first aired I had to have the main theme song. Not knowing who Dido was besides that one song I ordered the CD and 3 months later I can't stop listening to it. It is truly a  beautiful piece of work. Like another reviewer said, &quot;each track is a   stand alone single&quot;. Can't wait for her next release.
0767819594|4.0|This movie was one of the best movies I have seen in awhile.  It left me in shock and able to think about nothing else for three days.  The stars shine, but are a bit tarnished.  Gellar is at her sexy best, Phillipe is  kind of believable as the womanizer, and Witherspoon is pretty good.  The  dialogue is wonderful, with the banter between Gellar and Phillipe very  funny.  The movie has gotten bad reviews, but I thought it was wonderful.
1568959672|5.0|I am a 14yr.old girl from Ohio who read this book, and just loved it!  i think anyone from the age of 14-?  could read this book, and understand it!  i enjoyed it soo much, and im only 14!
B0000009RT|5.0|Before Freak Out! there was nothing. It might have all been said before but a lot of things were invented here &amp; it is a great album. Some of the pop songs are just that [might as well have a little bit of commercial  potential], the ones in between are true anthems like HFD &amp; the  out-there pieces are unsurpassed. Who could imagine that they would freak  out on the internet? The same noise/chaos piece interrupts a few of the  tracks, Who Are The Brain Police?, Ain't Got No Heart etc. Everything from  this up to Waka/Jawaka in FZ/Mothers' career is well worth getting, after  there there's still a few worthwhiles. Read the liner notes to find out  what freaking out is.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I think she is just great to be a new comer in to the music world. It's like a previous reviewer said, she should really end that relatonship with Combs.
B000000WJ2|4.0|Keith Richards shows everybody what good rock'n'roll is all about;grooves,attitude,rhytm,his trademark licks are all there and more,all done in a very simple and understated way.As wicked as it seems,this is a  stunning album!
B0000296SI|5.0|I bought the CD after Christmas(Christmas money,:) and wasn't really expecting much.  Everyone was really into it and when I went to a concert all these little teeny boppers were there with Spice Girls tee shirts.  I  bought it anyway(I can return it if it's in good condition) and thank God!   This is one of my favourite CDs, 1st being silverchair Frogstomp, and I  really recommend it.
B000023VR6|5.0|I think this cd and song is the greatest because it has awesome lyrics and the song forgot about dre is the best and the music video is great. I recomend it! 1
B0000009SG|4.0|This half brilliant &amp; half signalling the demise into later ddogy FZ, but tracks like Dinah Moe Humm &amp; I'm the Slime are necessary [the version of the latter on You can't... vol 1 is better &amp; doesn't have  wanky guitar soloing], &amp; the rest are just fine except Ricky  Lancelotti's singing on 50-50 &amp; Zomby Woof &amp; also Kin Vassy's on  Montana are annoying [&amp; I don't get annoyed by Flo &amp; Eddie's by the  way]. It's generally quite listenable &amp; amusing &amp; goes well w/ '  from the next year. It just bugs me that some people think that this was  his 1st album &amp; don't dig up Freak Out! etc.
B000003TBP|5.0|&quot;Odelay&quot; made me an instant Beck fanatic.  This one has it all -- blues, funk, rap, rockabilly, straight-ahead Stones-style rock.  I'd recommend it to any music fan, not just those with a taste for the  avant-garde.  If you're not sure whether you'll like Beck and want a taste,  this album is the one to buy.
B00000761W|4.0|True to the spirit of the Deep Purple mk.3 and 4 albums,'Ready and Willing'offers solid,blues-based hard rock that, even at the time it was initially released ,was regarded as antiquated by many.In spite of  that,true to themselves,Coverdale and company recorded a timeless album.
B00000I924|5.0|it deserves 5 stars easily. it is some of the greatest guitar playing i have ever heard.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|another days in the paradise, true colors, two heart,easy lover , you can hurry love
B0000047CW|5.0|The initial love affair with that girl on the beach was over, and Americans got this opportunity to experience Brazilian Samba untouched by the later commercialization. Softer than its African antecedents, ineffably  exotic to the hip-locked northerners. Edgier than Ipanema. Getz gets into  &quot;Haiku&quot; mode big time and really delivers the goods.
B000002JSP|2.0|This one is the lowest rate of Zeppelin, I personally do not understand why this band was becoming huge in the States and Canada? To me, this band never made  me a real fascination, though  some their songs are nice too...  I think Deep Purple is more quite nice and powerfull,...ok it is part of  major taste! The early ZEP albums were much better, because their original  style was more oriented in blues rock music, in fact Led Zep was not a  typical pure Hard Rock  band... This album is really a bit tedious!
B000031WD8|5.0|What can I say? It's simply the best teenage Porky's style movie!  Seen it 4 times in the movies!  Buy it, you wont regreat!  Ps- be sure to correctly use your SHERMINATOR!
630575067X|1.0|Despite incredible CG and the definitive example of how audio post is DONE in the pod-race scene, this movie was the worst I'd seen since Godzilla.  I suppose we should have seen it coming after Lucas emasculated episode IV in  his &quot;special edition&quot; fiasco: Greeto shoots first?  Lucas is an  excellent movie producer, his company defines the state of the art in  effects and sound, but he should leave the writing to Kasdan, et al.   &quot;Yippee!&quot; - enough said.
0812550757|4.0|A few months ago I read Ender's Game and noted it as a well thought out, fast paced yet richly ploted storyline. I bought Speaker For the Dead expecting similar trends, but got something a little different. The time  gap between the two books was a shocker untill the topic of lightyear  travel came up. A new alein race was another unexpected addition. The  biggest surprise, though, came from the point of view story telling. The  cast of characters have as great an influnce on the book's turn of events  as Ender himself, more time is devoted to their development than the  supporting cast of Ender's Game. I had originally wished for more detail  out of Ender's Game,(while it was still a great book)I certainly got it  with this one.            Speaker moves along a bit slower than it's  predecessor, if you're looking for another quick read like Ender, you're  going to be upset. It is, however, in some ways superior and just as  memorable.
B000001FTA|5.0|Thin Lizzy was once again a threesome on Bad reputation thanks to Brian Robbo Robinson's out of control behavior that one way or another forced him outta the band.  While he did provide some guitar licks, the majority of  riffs, solos, and killer leads are done by Scott Gorham.  The quiet one in  this bunch, he steps out of the shadow of Robbo and lays down some of  Lizzy's best riffs ever with the title track, Opium Trail, and Killer  Without A Cause.  Phil Lynott is in fine lyrical and vocal form, penning  some great slow numbers like South Bound and Dancing In The Moonlight.   This is one of the band's finest albums and the tour and live album that  follwed are absolutely sensational.
B000001DTM|5.0|Personally I think there is nothing more to say than: this album is the best of THE best.  Any U2 or rock fan must have this CD.  It rocks!
0684803356|5.0|This is one of Hemmingway's best.  It is about war, love, and the endless fight for the opportunity to be human.  It has a heartwarming love story that is beautiful without degenerating into a sappy Danielle Steele novel.  Perhaps the main thrust of the book can be summed up in one of is most  famous lines:  &quot;The world is a fine place and worth fighting for and I  hate very much to leave it.&quot;  For those who grow weary of 20th century  novels that are driven by stream-of-consciousness and herky-jerky  narrative, they will find Hemmingway's straightforward, lucid yet eloquent  prose quite refreshing.  This is a very well done book for the ages.
0062502182|4.0|I am so glad that Harper-Collins had the foresight to pick this book up and reprint it with a nice new cover in a trade edition, because otherwise, I may have never discovered it. The Alchemist, by Paulo Coelho, will  uncannily relate to anyone's life. You will read it and wonder, \\"How is it  that I'm dealing with these very issues? Today, in fact!\\" The parable of  Santiago's journey to Egypt is primarily concerned with showing the rewards  of following your own dream, or your own \\"Personal Legend\\". In fact,  certain individual lines are so wonderful, that one could easily put  together a book of wisdom using only direct quotes: \\"When you want  something, all the universe conspires to help you achieve it.\\" But in  addition, the Alchemist is told well. The translation is clear and the  story is engaging. It is a story before a self-help book. But what a great  shroud for a self-help book to wear. This book will make you want to write  down your dreams, listen to the wind and your heart, and follow your own  Personal Legend fearlessly. And if you're weird and hate the book... big  deal, it only took one day to read.
B000002KIT|5.0|In 1978, Thin Lizzy released what is regarded to me and many alike, the greatest live rock n' roll album ever released.  Why you ask?  No band could do what Thin Lizzy did best.  Play dual lead guitars and put on the  greatest rock n' roll concert ever.  No big producitions, no flashing  lights, no pyro, nothing but amps( and lots of them), and a great crowd,  Thin Lizzt took care of the rest.  This album is what great rock n' roll is  all about.  Strong songs, blazing solos, dual leads, and Phil Lynott.   Perhaps the most underrated songwriting gift ever known.  He wrote  beautiful songs about love and romance, wizards and Gods, bar fights and  being on the road, his songwriting has touched and influenced many.  Live  and Dangerous has all of Thin Lizzy's best songs on it, as expected, Boys  and Jailbreak, to name a few.  This is great rock n' roll by one of the  greatest rock n' roll bands ever, Thin Lizzy.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|Upon coming home from work yesterday, I discovered my &quot;Last Of the Mohicans&quot; director's cut DVD had arrived.  Let me first tell you a little story...<br />I used to work in an Audio/Video store years ago, and we  used the &quot;Last of the Mohicans&quot; THX-certified laserdisc for home  theater demo material (we wouldn't show any of the real blood-and-guts  scenes mind you).  I also own the widescreen version of the film on VHS.   So since 1992, I've watched the film over 30 times and can recite just  about every line.  Even though the film had lost some of its luster, I  thought this director's cut would be a nice addition to my DVD collection.     I had planned to do some work around the house last night, but I just had  to take a look at how the DVD looked.  I was just going to take a quick  peak and then get on with my chores.  From the opening scene I was  engrossed.  I couldn't pull myself away from the TV, and of course, nothing  got done around the house.<br />I was awed at how much depth was in the  picture... far more than on laserdisc.  Even though I have seen this movie  countless times, I kept noticing new things in the original scenes.   <br />Using a THX 5.1 surround processor, I was similarily impressed with the  separation, steering and clarity of the sound and dialogue.  In the battle  scenes, bullets and cannon balls were &quot;going over head&quot; and  explosions were going off in all corners of the room.  Subtle sounds are  also accentuated.  When Hawkeye and Cora lip-lock for the first time, they  are both clearly heard panting heavily and softly moaning as they  passionately kiss and grope each other. (this subtlety forced me to take a  cold shower).  In the VHS and laserdisc version the music drowns out this  hot little soundbit.  In the previous versions of the film, dialogue was  frequently drown out by battle sounds and music, but on this DVD, dialogue  remains crystal clear throughout.    <br />Concerning the added scenes... Ibelieve in the original version, Hollywood wanted to place more emphasis on  the inter-relationships of the characters and less on the historical  significance and setting.   In the Director's cut, we see Michael Mann  restoring scenes that show the atmosphere of the mid 1700's, what the  culture was like, and a more realistic representation of warfare for the  period.  He does this without (in my opinion) sacraficing the  inter-relationships of the characters.  <br />People have reported a  &quot;jumping&quot; when new scenes were added.  They even enclosed a  notice inside the DVD case informing me of this issue.  It may be that this  problem has been corrected. I looked pretty closely at the point where new  scenes were added and I couldn't see any of the jumping that others had  reported with one exception.  Approximately 30 minutes into the film, the  picture momentarily pixelated.  Other than this, the new edits appeared to  be seamless.<br />Yes, the 30 seconds of that Clannad tune that was in the  original has been cut.  Boo hoo.  I think the overall integrity of the  movie was maintained by eliminating the song from the track.  Since Mann is  trying to restore the historical aspects of the film in his director's cut,  it is easier to suspend disbelief when you do not have a 90's new age group  singing in the background... even though it is a nice song. <br />In all, the  picture and sound on this DVD is superb.  The added scenes are at times  subtle but help to paint a better historical picture of the atmosphere of  the pre-revolutionary genre in American History.  I highly recommend this  DVD to videophiles, audiophiles, and all fans of the Last of the Mohicans.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I enjoyed the original soundtrack from the first Star Wars trilogy, but I think this one works better at drawing the viewer in to the emotion of the story and helps to emphasize the most climactic scenes. I especially  appreciated the way John Williams used voices to add to the mood. It made  all the difference in the light saber duel and was effective in conveying  the triumph at the end.  It is a Classical-styled collection, so it takes  some listening to catch all the subtleties, but it is more enjoyable each  time I listen to it.
B00003CWL6|5.0|First of all, Kevin Spacey is a genius!  This film will move you and make you look at life in an entirely different way.  Beautifully done with a tremendously talented ensemble cast, this film is wonderful.  DO NOT  HESITATE! BUY THIS FILM AND THANK THE GODS THAT YOU WERE FORTUNATE ENOUGH  TO BE ALLOWED TO VIEW IT!
0780020901|3.0|Mahler is the only Ken Russel film I have ever seen, and from what I read from the other reviews, it's a good movie to start with. The movie begins with a dream (which you don't find out until later). If you want my  opinion, it's not a very good way to start a movie- for those &quot;mild  stomached&quot; people it's most likely to provoke them to turn off the TV  as soon as the scene comes on. The movie gets a bit milder after that.  Gustav Mahler (if you don't know your history) is an Austrian composer, and  in the movie it's basically focusing on his life and his bumpy relationship  with this wife. The whole movie takes place on a train. Some his flashbacks  include his rejection of Judaism for Catholism (he did it for his career),  the death of his children, and some conflicts with his wife.  I had to  watch the film a few times to get the hang of it, but if you like  independent films and like to watch movies out of the box, then this is the  movie for you.
B000003N7K|5.0|I first heard this album as a teenager and never forgot it. I saw Hartman live and he was wonderful but never as good as with Coltrane.  The marriage of Coltrane and Hartman should have been expanded. Regardless, this is  perhaps the most perfect recording ever made.  It is pure and timeless.
0800141849|5.0|Well lots of the reviews have lsated my favourite lady's work!  The mirror has two faces is a splendid piece of cinema, Barbra's direction is fabulous is a film i feel is totally her best to date. Most of reviews have slated  here but i am am not the stereotypical Barbra fan i am not old, I am young  and gay hope she goes on for ever!  A triumph to you Barb!  keep up the  good work!
0671004107|4.0|I read this book shortly after I saw the movie, just after completing my sophomore year in high school.  The book went much more in depth than the movie; something that usually makes books better than the movies that are  based on them; which is true in this case.<br />If you can understand the  complex math and science that is interwoven into the chapters (I didn't,  but I read it anyway :) you'll probably enjoy it that much more. Otherwise  I would have rated it five stars.  A must for for the obsessive sci-fi  reader (such as myself :).
6303114946|5.0|When I saw this I thought it was just a fine, well made little movie and was happy as a clam, as they say, to have seen it. Then I see at the end that it's a true story....good thing I didn't know that BEFORE I saw it: I  probably wouldn't have seen it! But having found it out at the end was an  added surprise. Anyway, I know how to play chess, but the movie isn't  really about chess. It has more to do with good old-fashioned storytelling!  It would even be helpful NOT to know anything about the game! Nobody will  find fault with this flick. I'm glad I discovered it!
B000002UAX|5.0|I own most of the Beatles albums, and if I was stranded on a desert island and only allowed three albums, this would be one and Beatles Past Masters would be the second.<br /><br />There is so much high quality material to choose from, most of which is not on their Blue 1967-1970 album.<br /><br />Lennon's  wordplay has never been better, and more inspired than on tracks such as  'I'm so tired' 'Happiness is a warm gun', Sexy Sadie, Cry baby cry,  Revolution, Julia, Dear Prudence, Glass onion. McCartney has awesome songs  on this album ranging from the humorous western style song Rocky Raccoon,  my personal favorite 'I will',Obladi Oblada, Back in the USSR, the  ambiguous 'Martha my dear',the ultimate hippie anthem 'Why don't we do it  in the road', the surprising 'Honey Pie', the hard rocking Helter Skelter,  the wistful 'Mother nature's son, and the amazing guitar picking on  'Blackbird' all from just one person.<br /><br />Back in the USSR was inspired in part by the Beach Boys and California Girls.  Note the Beach Boys style harmonies, the airplane engine intro reminiscent of Good Vibrations, the lyrics<br />..Well Ukraine girls really knock me out... and Moscow girls make me sing and shout.  Note also the oblique Ray Charles ambiguous reference..Georgia's always on my mi--nd..<br /><br />Blackbird was inspired by the civil rights movement in the USA 'Black bird...All your life, you were only waiting for this moment to be free.' Because in England a woman is referred to as a bird, and he was thinking of a black woman somewhere in the Southern States as he wrote this song.<br /><br />Add to this songs such as I will, Honey Pie, Why don't we do it in the road, and you can see he had many different birds on the brain during the making of this album.  Even the tragically misinterpreted Helter Skelter was more about love/sex than anything,<br /><br />Martha My Dear was actually about his sheepdog, not a romantic interest, which makes sense ....'when you find yourself in the thick of it, take a look at what is all around you...silly girl.'<br /><br />Harrison finally comes of age on the  sublime 'While my guitar gently weeps.'<br /><br />There are a few songs that could  have been left off such as Savoy Truffle and Wild Honey Pie, but two out of  thirty ain't bad. There is so much strength in depth here!  I don't think  you find too many musicians who would risk their credibility by daring to  criticise the overall quality of this album.<br /><br />This is one of the best albums ever made.  As you listen to the word imagery, and enjoy the music then you can probably imagine many of the places and situations this music takes you to, with the many fantastic characters.<br /><br />As you fly to the USSR, with Georgia on your mind, then play with Dear Prudence, mother superior jumping the gun, watch Bungalow Bill go tiger hunting with an elephantin gun, watching the world turn slowly as a guitar weeps, Rocky Raccoon fighting for love, listening to a seance  in the dark with voices out of nowhere put on specially by the children for a lark, then you may find your imagination looking through a glass onion<br /><br />I hope you find this review helpful.round you...silly girl.'    Harrison finally comes of age on the  sublime 'While my guitar gently weeps.'     There are a few songs that could  have been left off such as Savoy Truffle and Wild Honey Pie, but two out of  thirty ain't bad. There is so much strength in depth here!  I don't think  you find too many musicians who would risk their credibility by daring to  criticise the overall quality of this album.    This is one of the best albums ever made.  As you listen to the word imagery, and enjoy the music then you can probably imagine many of the places and situations this music takes you to, with the many fantastic characters.     As you fly to the USSR, with Georgia on your mind, then play with Dear Prudence, mother superior jumping the gun, watch Bungalow Bill go tiger hunting with an elephantin gun, watching the world turn slowly as a guitar weeps, Rocky Raccoon fighting for love, listening to a seance  in the dark with voices out of nowhere put on specially by the children for a lark, then you may find your imagination looking through a glass onion     I hope you find this review helpful.
6305750750|5.0|I thought that this movie was very good and great use of special effects and the jedi duel was GREAT! Very well thought out.George Lucas has a very indepth mind.
0671004107|4.0|I read this book shortly after I saw the movie, just after completing my sophomore year in high school.  The book went much more in depth than the movie; something that usually makes books better than the movies that are  based on them; which is true in this case.<br />If you can understand the  complex math and science that is interwoven into the chapters (I didn't,  but I read it anyway :) you'll probably enjoy it that much more. Otherwise  I would have rated it five stars.  A must for for the obsessive sci-fi  reader (such as myself :).
B00000G3PA|5.0|The movie is amazing, the effects, the storyline and the ending. Surround sound makes it even better.
B00001QEE9|5.0|Wow.  It's great to be able to own a Disney movie, a masterpiece at that, on DVD.  It comes with the works, astounding picture quality, dolby digital, and THX.  The movie is in its original theatrical aspect (1.33:1  according to the packaging) which is in fact, regular TV aspect  ratio.<br />The DVD comes with the original 1940 trailer which is fun to  watch.  This is a plus since most Disney DVDs come with little or no  extras.  I hope Disney will start putting a little more effort and put in  cast &amp; production information with their DVDs.
B000002513|5.0|Like many others, I first heard Bruce Springsteen blasting out of my AM radio back in the summer of '75. \\"Born to Run\\" hit me like nothing else had before (and not much else has since!). I immediatly bought the album, and had to have more. I quickly bought his first 2 albums: \\"Greetings...\\", and \\"The Wild, the Innocent, and the E Street Shuffle\\". I was struck by Bruce's  narratives, use of real people, and real life situations, etc. Just listen to the lyrics of \\"Wild Billy's Circus Story\\": there's a whole 'nother universe in there! And side 2 of the album (in this case: the last three songs on the disc), are just such a lyric rock opera about NYC. Close your eyes and listen to \\"Incident on 57th Street\\", \\"Rosalita\\", and finally \\"NYC Serenade\\", and ask yourself why nobody writes them like this anymore. The scope and vision in these 3 songs, and the whole album, is bigger and grander than anything Hollywood could ever imagine. Bruce has done some great, great albums, this one stands shoulder to shoulder with any of them. If you don't already have a copy of this in your collection, get it. It's a great snapshot of a young, wild and innocent Springsteen, at his romantic best.
B00002E233|1.0|I can't understand why this movie has a 3 1/4 star rating. What movie did the people who reviewed it really watch? The script was awful and could have been written better by a highschool kid. The special effects were that  of a 32 bit video game. I am glad I rented two video's and received this  one free or else I'd want my money back!<br />Oh yeah, the ending was  increadibly stupid!
6305263248|5.0|Great action, great car chases, lots of emotions, all with an international flavor.  The acting was great, and who can complain about DeNiro?
630575067X|5.0|Everybody is saying that Jar Jar Binks was completeley unneseceray. Not true. Jar Jar, a clumsy alien who was banished from his community, saves a planet. See a moral? George is saying that no matter your age, race,  intellingence, or wealth, you can make a big difference. Also, the story  had to start everything off so naturally, they had to have eight plots  going at once. I found this movie exhillarating, the music powerful, the  spcial effects amazing and the plot deep.
052594527X|5.0|I have long been a fan of Vermeer, and his mystery is intriguing - now that I have read this book, I not only know him, but i know Delft, I know the life and times of the 1600s, and I know some of his models.  Anyone who  has ever seen a Vermeer will love this book, or anyone who read The Agony  and The Ecstasy will love it.  Chevalier's descriptions are like paintings  in themselves.  What a talent she has.  I am recommending this book to all  my artist friends.
6305609691|5.0|&quot;Apocalypse Now&quot;, &quot;Patton&quot;, and &quot;Gardens of Stone&quot; are the three must have movies in a War Buff's collection.  I don't know how many times I've seen this movie (I had a copy on VHS and  wore it out).  The acting is top notch and the cinematography is superb.   The transition from VHS to DVD was surprisingly excellent.  The clarity of  sound and picture, over any of the VHS copies I've seen, enrich the viewing  experience 10 fold.  The &quot;lost&quot; ending to the movie was also a  pleasant surprise (a lot of explosions and implied gore, but still the  perfect climax).  Ditching your VHS copy of &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; in  favor of DVD is money well spent.  If you've never seen the movie before  and want to see excellent acting, and direction, the DVD version is the  only way to go.
6304083777|5.0|Wow... Anime movies usually have complicated plots but this one is really involved.  Unbelievable directing in this movie... possibly the best directed animation I've ever seen (period).  Miss it at your peril.
0783225881|5.0|The movie is not so much about baseball, but about its transcendence into something that is more ... something than blankets your life from childhood to old age like an old trusted blanket.<br />The movie is about dreams, it is  about lost opportunities, it is about redemption.  For those who have had a  parent where baseball was a common thread in their relationship, this movie  will touch you doubly.<br />For those who know nothing of baseball, they can  find find relation in it, simply because it is a metaphor for those threads  that bind us to the people we love.
0964385619|5.0|Mr. Kiyosaki hit home for me while I read this book.  Growing up not being taught how to manage money and credit has hindered me as an adult.  I now realize areas in my financial plan that need to be addressed, because of  the information in this book.  A must read for high school seniors.
B00000DFRS|4.0|thise CD was not whitney music itis good spacialy navr stand alone..any one have home video plesa sand me on:may E-mail and igive him p.obox.
B000007NWG|5.0|although his mental collapse forced the other members of pink floyd to leave him in a hotel room. this albulm isnt for the timid, i reccomend this for the die hard floydian, i took me a couple times of listening to it to  really realize his mental collapse. this is an excellent albulm to add to  your collection, the extra tracks are a masterpice to say the least, but  dark globe has to be the most touching song on the albulm. 5 stars wouldnt  touch this. more along the lines of 20 stars
0399229191|4.0|This is my son's favorite!   The animal sounds and story keep him interested.  Although this book may be written for an older audience-- the very young are captivated by the animal pictures.
B00004C4HS|5.0|1969 was a fairly important year, it saw the release of Frank Zappa's \\"Hot Rats\\", Beefheart's \\"Trout Mask Replica\\" and Caravan's \\"If I could do it, I would do it all over you again\\". This was the year where jazz and rock came together with an unheard of intensity. The Court of the Crimson King was such an album. The opening track: \\"21st Century Schizoid Man\\", just blasts through the speakers with a relentless horn section and searing guitar played by Robert Fripp. The production on this record is remarkable, as the you can also hear the timbre of the drums clearly coming through horn riffs and the guitar leads. Gregg Lake's Voice has some distortion, this was a protest song, and it was loud and angry. Great Stuff if you want to rattle your neighbours, I wanted to play it at the start of the millenium, but I was not at home to do so. The sentiments of the lyrics of this song, somehow still ring true today. The energy and intensity of this track has been unsurpassed, it is molten! .<br />This track is followed by the delicate \\"I talk to the wind\\". A nice relaxing number with some nice flute by Mel Collins. A complete contrast to the power of the horns in the preceding track.<br />Then comes \\"Epitaph\\": This has be the first funeral march in rock music. This brings home how important Mel Collins was to this album, as his horn work seems to carry the melody, it is played with feeling.<br />\\"Moon Child\\" opens with a mystical song. Beautifully sung by Greg Lake with a pleasant melody. This gives way to some free-form music. The albums just pushes at the boundaries, it still does to the present day.<br />\\"In the Court of the Crimson King\\". This is the title track. Classical themes are explored in this as much as jazz themes were explored in the opening track. It is a track that develops and again, Greg Lake's velvet voice carries the song really well. It takes you to the realm of imagination of fantasy.<br />It's a great album that has not dated, buy it, but I do not recommend that you play \\"21st Schizoid Man\\" soon after any dental work!.
0399226907|5.0|This books appeals to a wide audience.  My son who is only 17 months old --laughs every time the caterpillar eats all that food.  Enjoyable and educational!
B00000IOSU|5.0|I cant believe, that most people here in Europe dont even know Sarah. She is great and this CD  is excellent. I was searching for more than 1 year for this CD. And at the end I went back to the States and got it there  - this was before I got my Internet.... All I can say: GET YOURSELF THIS CD
0425129586|5.0|I thought this book to be an interesting book, and the plot was superb.  Agatha Christie kept her readers on the edge.  I found this hard put down, and the constant elimantaion of the characters kept you thinking.  I think  this book is great!
B000021Y74|5.0|While I don't particularly care for sub-titled movies and didn't think I was a 'techno' fan, I LOVED this movie.  It's very fast paced, extremely clever premise, great soundtrack.  I am recommending it to everyone I know.   It's one of those movies that you want everyone to see so you can talk  about it!
0679424741|4.0|This book is a wonderful story of overcoming hardships of life no matter if they are large or small. It is a story of a man named John Singer who is a deaf mute and after living with his Greek companion for over 10 years his  friend goes insane leaving him alone in a lonely world. He rents a room  with the Kelly family in their boarding house and  begins to explore the  silent world around him as no one else sees it. He listens to others  problems without hearing and is still able to write down his thoughts and  ideas. This is a heartwarming story that goes into so many worlds that are  yet to be looked at by so many people. I recommend this book to anyone who  wants to be intrigued by the world around them. It is well worth the effort  to get this book and take a peek:)
B000021Y74|5.0|While I don't particularly care for sub-titled movies and didn't think I was a 'techno' fan, I LOVED this movie.  It's very fast paced, extremely clever premise, great soundtrack.  I am recommending it to everyone I know.   It's one of those movies that you want everyone to see so you can talk  about it!
B0000029J5|5.0|I have all three of Keb Mo's CD's and there is nothing like him.  I could keep just those 3 in my car and be happy.  Give Keb Mo a listen.  His voice and his songs really &quot;catch&quot; you.  I have never cared for blues,  but I just can't get enough of this guy.
0449002632|5.0|Those of you who have seen my other reviews probably believe that I never give less than five stars. This is true because I only review the novels I love. This novel I LOVE. You must be a patient reader, as it is 800 pages  long, but you will soon lose yourself in this fascinating retrospective of  one of the world's greatest cities. Seen through the eyes of two families,  London grows and you become more involved in the metamorphosis from  primitive to modern. though you know each charcter for little more than a  chapter you will love followingf the family history through the pages and  will cry for more at the end. Watch for the clever twist!
0920668372|4.0|My sister warned me not to get this book!  She said all kids love to hear it over and over, and I would quickly find it annoying.  She was right!  My son asks for this book all the time.  He loves so many parts of  it---especially the 2 year old putting a watch in the toilet and the same  boy older being loud and messy.  I find some parts of it quite odd,  however!  The mother in some ways seems a bit over the top---I don't like I  would like my mother climbing into my window with a ladder and picking me  up when I was asleep!  However, I do appreciate the message.  You do love  your children all through their life.  I think it's an important message  especially for mothers of sons---as society seems to find it less  acceptable to show your love for your older sons than for younger sons or  daughters.  It's also good to have a children's book that shows  aging---both of the mother and the son.  So many kid's books are stuck in  perpetual childhood.  So go ahead and get this---it's worth the possible  annoyance!
6305750750|5.0|This movie was the equal -- in theatre experience -- to Episodes 4-5-6. The ones saying it's not as good as the other three and pointing out things the others had that this didn't would be the first ones to carp if Episode  1 had been to similar. A potentially tragic development came to light today  (Feb. 9), however. Variety is reporting that Lucasfilms insiders say  Episode 2 will attempt to avoid the &quot;racial and ethnic  stereotypes&quot; that supposedly plagued Episode 1. If these politically  correct whiners don't like the movie, here's a novel suggestion: DON'T  WATCH IT!  As Article 3 in the Bill of No Rights states: &quot;You do not  have the right to never be offended.&quot;
B00000HYSN|5.0|i see a darkness is in my opinion the finest record he has released. perhaps it is because of the better production or the attempt at more radiofriendly songs, but this cd has been playing continuously since i  bought it. will's voice seems less crackly, which i like because in my  opinion he fakes the whole weak voice thing, and the vocals are much  stronger on this release.
B000002I25|5.0|This album changed me. You're never the same. The Doors made one heck of a strong, solid debut album. This is everything they're about.
6304711875|5.0|This movie is about a group of kids whom most of them like horror movies, then one day two of there class mates gets killed. Sidney Presscott and her friends become the main targets for the killer.or killers)But it they have  to figure out who the killer is before it is too late!  Matthew Lillard,  Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, and Rose McGowan give their best performances!  Courtney Cox makes one of her best performances yet portraying bitchy  &quot;tabloid twit&quot; Gale Weathers!  Great movie to watch over and  over, so go rent it already!
B00000IPAX|5.0|I didn't know much about this band until I heard their most recent singles 'What's My Age Again?' and 'All The Small Things'.  So I decided to go out and pick up the CD and boy was I surprised.  It turned out to be one of  those rare albums where every single song is a good one.  You never want to  skip a track, you just put the CD in and let it play.  The beats are  up-tempo, the riffs are catchy, the vocals are clean....basically this is  one of the best albums I have heard in a long long time.  If I had one  complaint about the album, it would be that it is too short, but I'd take  quality over quantity anyday.  I look forward to their next album, but for  now I'll enjoy this one and maybe try their last album, Dude Ranch, as  well.  All in all, as an unbiased consumer and music listener, I can't  recommend this album high enough.  It's just about perfect.
B000002LOE|5.0|I accumulated all the REM U.S. releases and this was by far my favorite.  It's an album you can listen to over and over without having to skip various tracks.
B000000WFU|2.0|I'm pretty close to not calling this &quot;music&quot; but more like sound effects or soul experimentation.<br />Seen from a musical point of view, it's kinda boring. No excitement, no surprises, no story, no punchline. But I  guess that's what new age is all about.<br />But it certainly is beautiful,  very harmonic. And it makes you relax, relax, relax.
B0000047EC|5.0|This is one of those CDs that I like more and more each time I listen.  The lines are twisting and lyrical.  As a transplanted midwesterner who misses the huge sky I grew up with, I &quot;get&quot; the title.  The  horizon is farther away, the vistas expand in all directions, perspective  is restored. Like a bike ride, after supper, across the prairie....
0440234743|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  As advertised, the first 50 pages were interesting and exciting.  I kind of browsed over much of the Brazilian wetland descriptions.  I did not need that.  But, I burst out in laughter  where I was not expecting to.  The missionary was one of the more beautiful  people I have met in print.  I would have hoped for a different  ending......like her walking into the final will courtroom battle and her  confronting her half brothers and sisters....or even marrying Nate.    Overall, thoroughly found the book to be entertaining.
B0000029DD|5.0|I purchased this recording out of sheer curiosity, having been a fan of Tim Buckley's music.  Only later did I read that Jeff only lived with his father for a brief time at a very young age.  From the opening minute of  the album, though, it is obvious that there's something to be said for  heredity.<br />&quot;Mojo Pin&quot; kicks the listener right in the teeth.  Buckley's unbelievable cover of Leonard Cohen's &quot;Hallelujah&quot; (did  he REALLY hold the last note that long?) is just beautiful.  &quot;Lover,  You Should Come Over&quot; is one of my favorite songs of the past decade -  beautifully layered, it showcases Buckley's incredible range.<br />Tragically,  as did his father, Buckley died while still a young man.  We are fortunate  to have GRACE as a lasting remembrance.
6305750750|5.0|This movie is excellent! Though I did not care for any of the characters as I did in the other Star Wars movies. I hated Anakin ( he was rude and boring ), Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn were rude, Queen Amidala was  stupid and Jar Jar Binks was an idiot, though pretty funny in some scenes.  Darth Maul was, I think pretty much the best guy. Actually the only two  people I like is Obi-Wan Kenobi ( don't ask me why ) and Darth Maul ( great  guy ). But the movie was still good and entertaining. I thought the  podracer part was way too long and the movie had its weaknesses ( such as  where Qui-Gon Jinn came from or why he does not turn into a ghost like the  other Jedi ). It was kind of sad when Qui-Gon Jinn.....you know, and when  Anakin left his mom ( but that wasn't so bad because I only felt bad for  Shmi not Anakin ). But there was still plenty of humor and suspense. My  mother ( who used to be a Star Wars fan ) thinks this movie is stupid and a  bore, way different from the other Star Wars and way worse, but I on the  other hand think it's great. Well, whatever you choose, May the Force be  with you.
B000001FFJ|5.0|Waits' work is impossible to categorize, his writing so perfectly imperfect, his sound (well, where DOES that sound come from anyway?)<br />While too many artists play it close to the vest, Waits never  holds back, clamoring, clanking, screaming and grumbling his way through  such gems as &quot;Jockey Full Of Bourbon,&quot; the title cut, and  &quot;Singapore.&quot;  Then, just when it's least expected, he hits you  with the song &quot;Time,&quot; and it just jerks your heart out.  And  let's not forget the gritty &quot;Downtown Train,&quot; which was later  covered artfully by The Boss and overdone by Rod Stewart.  Waits' original  is by far the best.<br />I'll leave it to the professionals to make the proper  references to Jack Keraouc, William Burroughs, Bob Dylan, whomever.  I  wouldn't even pretend to understand the enigmatic Waits' motivation.  It's  as if he's thrown every sound known to man into a giant blender and taken  off the lid.<br />All I do know is that it works.
0552124753|5.0|Reading a Discworld novel is worth twelve months of psychothreapy. So put away the prozac, cancel all the appointments with your shrink, and step into a world where reality is fantasy and fantasy reality. Where Gods and  dragons exist only if you beleive in them. Where death is personified and  rides a magical steed named Binky and where the world is flat and rests  upon the back of four giant elephants, who in turn ride upon the back of a  giant turtle travelling through space. A wonderful series, that gets  funnier and more intriguing with each new book. It is not strictly  necessaarily to read them in sequence, however it does help. The Colour of  Magic is the first book in the series, but not the best. Get started and  I'm sure you will be hooked.
B00000K2SC|3.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; is a reality-twisting story of a programmer (Keanu Reeves) who finds that the world he lives in isn't real at all. An interesting story is made all the better by some truly inventive action  sequences and the great special effects (most notably the chopper crash and  &quot;bullet-time&quot; effects). This is one for the library. Check it  out.
185828340X|4.0|I am constantly looking for good travel guides to Japan. I've used three of them. I choose to use the Rough Guide now. It is the most accurate and the most interesting, and also the most recent.<br />I am surprised that the  maps have been criticised. In some cases (Nikko, for example) they are much  better than those of other guides.<br />Finding things in Japan can be harder  than elsewhere, and books can only help you so much. I had trouble finding  a particular restaurant in Kumamoto because the book only gave its address  and map location, but another well-known guide gave no contact information  for any of the restaurants it mentioned.<br />The Rough Guide is my first  choice. The Lonely Planet guide would be my second choice. None of the  other guides come close to offering the right combination of practical data  and background information to help you enjoy what you see and do.<br />A  useful tip to people who get very upset over errors in guide books: first,  learn to expect some, second, take two guides if you can afford the extra  space and weight - if a phone number or address is wrong in one of them it  is usually right in the other.
0783233477|5.0|Meet Joe Black is an extremely well put together film.  The actors in this film are brilliant and this is displayed thoroughly through their characters.  The storyline was great and it was a truly amazing film.  The  best I've seen in a long, long time.
0312243022|5.0|This book reaffirms our faith in modern literature. Cunningham's eloquent integration of the lives of these three women is only topped by the last chapter.  As I read each page, I was upset that I was getting closer to the  end because I didn't want it to be over.
B000002W5J|5.0|Having grown up in the Bay Area during the sixties and seventies, I'd like to share my impressions with Amazon buyers and browsers of the aural artifacts of the scene, we'll call it &quot;Back In the Daze.&quot;  And  there's no better place to start than with this essential recording.  While  the majority of the first wave of Bay Area bands didn't translate well to  the studio, the Airplane was a glowing - and I do mean &quot;glowing&quot;  - exception.  This is a perfect rock album from start to finish.  However,  and it's a BIG however, don't buy it.  This release is one of RCA's  nefarious, generic, &quot;Digitally Remastered&quot; CD's.  In other words,  the term, &quot;digitally remastered,&quot; when discs first started  appearing in the eighties, was bandied about in a slipshod fashion.  One  could argue that all CD's are &quot;digitally remastered,&quot; but today,  we do know better...right?  Compare this with almost any other recent RCA  Jefferson Airplane release, and you'll know you've been had.  Especially at  full price!  And to address another contributor's comments,  &quot;Pillow&quot; was available on an RCA gold disc, with both stereo and  mono versions, and while the sound is infinitely better than the present  issue, the remastered versions of the other Airplane releases set the  standard. The mono portion still counts among one of my favorite discs.   For those who aren't quite so jaded, pick out your favorite songs on  &quot;Pillow,&quot; and search around Amazon's Airplane listings for a  recent compilation that'll suit you.  Perhaps you'll find yourself enjoying  the other material, as there's much more - with better sound - to enjoy by  this classic band.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I'm a huge fan of P.T Anderson so going in I was expecting a very good movie. What I got was a masterpiece a cinematic experience like no other i've seen. However for those of you who have never seen P.T Anderson's work  I suggest you watch  Hard Eight and/or Boogie Nights first and if you like  them i'm sure you will like this. If you hate these movies then stay as far  away from this movie as you can. Also with the previews and commericals you  now get in the theater it runs about 3 hrs 15 mins so have a lot of time on  your hands when you go and see it. Once again a masterpiece.
0792839846|5.0|Even though it's more than fifty years later, Casablanca is still able to thrill audiences to the same degree as they were at its release.  This wonderfully witty and romantic tale will charm and amaze you, tear your  heart strings, and leave you without a tear left.  So if you still haven't  seen this miraculous piece of film...WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
B00000J7J4|4.0|The fusion of cultures and styles can only be seen as  positive in the grand scheme of things and the fact that an artist such as Santana is coming in to his own again is really quite refreshing. To see the efforts  of the old stagers and the new breed coming together speaks volumes about  the mindset of those willing to venture into uncharted territory. A great  effort by those involved who recognise the talent of an icon of days gone  by. Santana proves with this effort  that the gap percieved by generations  is not as wide as we have been schooled to think.
6303855466|5.0|I just repaired a VCR at a friends house, and removed a broken cassette that had spilled this movie and wrapped it around the capstan. One of the couple is from a small village in Wales and was saddened that they might  loose this film. The tale captures not only the beauty and heart of a  portion of the country, but of the people as well. Though I found the film  on an undamaged section of tape and could retore most of it, I'm buying  them a new one instead.
B0000042H4|5.0|Every time I hear Solti's definitive \\"Ring,\\" I am absolutely blown away.  The singing, the conducting, the playing and the recording are all unbelievable.    This recording was made from 1958 to 1965, and the  sound quality is incredible for early stereo.  Producer John Culshaw and  engineer Gordon Parry were attempting to produce opera for recordings like  it had never been done before, and I think they succeeded perfectly.  Some  have said that the production is much too overdone and<br />overblown, but I  think that without the sound effects that Wagner asked for, the recording  would not have been as ideal as it is.    To add to the quality of the  sound, Decca assembled what was probably the best cast available at that  time.  Birgit Nilsson as Brnnhilde is incredible.  My vote for favorite  Wagnerian soprano goes to Kirsten Flagstad (who apppears in this cycle as  an unbeatable Rheingold Fricka) by a small margin, but Nilsson's  interpretation is unbeatable, and the voice itself is fantastic.  Wolfgang  Wingassen, similarly, is not my favorite Wagnerian tenor (my vote goes to  Lauritz Melchior), but his reading of Siegfried is superb and his singing  is of the highest quality.  Hans Hotter, on the other hand, IS my favorite  Wagnerian baritone.  His voice is unbelievable: huge, rich and majestic.   His Wotan was caught near the end of his career, and his voice has  developed a wobble, but his portrayal is both moving and monumental, and he  is by far the best Wotan that was around in the 1960's.  Gottlob Frick as  Hunding and Hagen is superb, too: he has a huge, black, evil voice that he  uses with great dramatic instincts.  James King and Rgine Crespin as  Siegmund and Sieglinde are ideal, and Christa Ludwig makes a fine Walkre  Fricka and Waltraute.  In a word, these singers are UNBEATABLE!   The  Vienna State Opera Chorus and the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra (it hardly  needs saying) are superb.  These Vienna forces are probably the best Wagner  chorus and orchestra in the world.  The string section is brilliant and  shiny, and the violins actually sound like they are one instrument instead  of thirty-two!  The huge brass section is magnificently sonorous but never  forces the tone, the woodwind is uniformly beautiful, and the percussion  has well-defined impact.  Finally, Solti's conducting is the crowning  glory of this set.  He judges tempi to perfection, and his direction is at  once exhilarating and profound.  Wotan's monologues are as penetratingly  intense as the thunderous Ride of the Valkyries is thrilling.  The major  orchestral climaxes in Gtterdmmerung are fantastic, and the five-minute  coda to the entire cycle is absolutely out of this world.  His support is  sympathetic both to singers and orchestra, and brings out the drama in the  Ring Cycle wonderfully.  This is a magnificent achievement and is still  unsurpassed.
B00000HZFH|5.0|Crtics (I use the term loosely) have shyed away from including pure power pop albums on their year end best ofs lately.  If this wasn't one of the top ten of 1999, then I have lost faith in the human race.  Cavity causing  pop songs highlight the entire album, but this isn't for your sister.  &quot;Center of the Universe,&quot;  &quot;Carry the Zero,&quot;  &quot;Else,&quot; and &quot;You were Right&quot; highlight the album with  strong, quirky riffing and poignant lyrics.  Don't pass this one up.  For  fans of Pavement, Tripping Daisy, Imperial Teen.
0783230710|4.0|With more DVD-titles coming to us, we'll have to see where a movie - or maybe a disc - can distinguish itself from the rest. Here we have a beautiful DTS-version and this movie (one of Ron Howard's best work) is  based on authentic events, which makes it also well-worth the time to view  it more than once. While making the film, actual Nasa-people were asked to  assist - and they were astonished by the accuracy with which the sets were  build. One of them, formerly working in the command center, while leaving  the set, tried to use the elevator - where fake elevator doors didn't let  him. Add up the fact that this is an all star cast with great performances,  what else is there to tell? Top quality, both in image and sound.
068484267X|5.0|I was totally absorbed in this book from the minute I picked it up.  The writing is eloquent; I savored the words; I loved the story.
B000001ZS3|5.0|When Jean-Michel Jarre released Oxygene back in 1976 there was hardly a market for electronic music. German pioneers such as Tangerine Dream, Kraftwerk, and Klaus Schulze had all achieved recognition but,  unfortunately, not much fame. With Oxygene, Jean-Michel Jarre brought  electronic music to the masses and he did so without compromising the  music. Oxygene, split into six parts, is a musical journey through surreal  ambient soundscapes, electro-minimalism, synth-pop, and proto-techno. Even  today the sound as well as the compositions stand out, so if you want to  know how techno, ambient music, and trance started out, you definitely need  to listen to this masterpiece!
B000002MZ6|5.0|Go and purchase this CD today<br />There are times when you can really see what you thought was just a  dream gradually becoming solid, almost like it had always been there,but you couldn't quite believe it was real.That is  the beauty of music,and some of that which surrounds it.The ability to  transport people,universally to somewhere else',even if only for a little  while.                        Peter James
B00000K0DT|4.0|It is a amazing film with a great build up and a really good ending it keeps you cluded to your seat all the way through the film. The film is a must have as it is watchable at any time and will keep you entertained for  a long time to come.
0553266306|5.0|The story takes one through the pinnacle of meticulus planning and grit,when the highly infilterated and cash strapped OAS decide to eliminate de Gaulle.The unknown mercinery,code named Jackal is hired whose inner  feeilngs never come to his eyes.What follows is typical Forsyth  material-high action,narrow escapes,and  hunting French Detectives.It  really is a marvel that only Frederick Forsyth could have produced! I have  never read a more spellbinding thriller!
0380789019|5.0|This book takes you through the highly imaginitive world that exist under the streets of London. A fantastic, wonderful tale of a man who finds within himself the strength to overcome the obstacles that are ahead of  him.  His journey of self-descovery is one that everyone can relate to and  leaves one with a sense of wonder. It is, without a doubt, one of Neil  Gaiman's best books.
0380796090|5.0|I just loved this book-more than any printed word can articulate. While I have read all of Marian Keyes other books and identified with various characters, Claire was almost too close to home.  I guess this raised the  enjoyment level for me to begin with.  Regardless, Keyes writes with a  warm, engaging style that encourages the reader to laugh out loud despite  themselves.  I loved her humour and her wry and witty slants on life.
0451169514|5.0|Mass murdering has been going on in Derry, Maine for some time now.  Is anyone capable of stopping the unknown serial killer? Read this book and find out!<br />This Stephen King novel takes place in Derry, a small town in  Maine where pretty much everyone knows everyone else.  There are several  main characters: Ben, Richie, Beverly, Stan, Mike, and Eddie, but the main  protagonist is Bill Denbrough.  The conflict in this story is between the  &quot;Loser Gang&quot; (Bill, Ben, Richie, Beverly, Stan, Mike, and Eddie)  and the antagonist, It.  This mystical force/being has been plaguing Derry  for as long as anyone can remember.  The ultimate motive for the Loser  Gang's want to kill It is because It killed Bill's brother, George, along  with several other toddlers and children.  Bill feels a need to put an end  to these atrocities.  I will not give away the ending to this spellbinding  story, because it will lower the suspense level.  <br />I feel that the fight  between the Turtle and It is symbolic to the battle that has been going on  since the beginning of time i.e., the battle of good and evil.  <br />This is  a fascinating book that is great for all adults and any middle-school-aged  students who are looking for a challenge.  There are very captivating  scenes that can keep you up all night reading this story.  This book  contains a high amount of sexual situations, cursing, and homosexual acts  that I feel could have been left out, but otherwise, the book is flawless.
6305750750|4.0|George Lucas has repeatedly said that he is waiting until he completes all six movies in the SW trilogy's before he release a DVD containing them all.  This was a fine addition to the Star Wars saga, the kids movie of the  prequel trilogy.  I look forward to the next release in a few years which  promises to continue the story in a tradition more akin to the originals.
068816689X|5.0|I picked this biography up at Perl Mack Library on Saturday and had read the entire book by Sunday evening. <br />This writing was the personal account of how one woman survived the Holocaust.  The book is well written and  compelling. The book being a complete and total success and valuable as a  Holocaust account,is a book to be read again and again, understood and  accepted for the truth of a woman's survival as well as the survival of  many others she knew during that time be they Jewish or not.  It is a read  that should be noted for it's honesty and it's information.<br />This book  should be in every library, public, school and personal home library of all  people who are concerned about the world today in that they will learn from  the past.<br />There is absolutely no way anyone could have any right  whatsoever to judge anyone by the choices they made during that horrible  time in the world's history.<br />This book is honest and a tribute to the  human spirit!
B000002GQL|5.0|Seventh Sojourn is one of those albums that never grows old.  I first purchased it as a vinyl way back in the early 70s, and fell in love with it.  The arrangements are lush and evocative; the music itself is poignant,  melodic and memorable; the lyrics danced across the turntable.  Songs such  as &quot;For My Lady,&quot; &quot;When I'm a Free Man,&quot; &quot;Lost in  a Lost World&quot; and &quot;Isn't Life Strange&quot; will be Moody  classics in years to come.  AS most reviewers agreed, despite it being a  fun tune, &quot;I'm Just a Singer&quot; is seriously out of place on this  album, but who can help but like that bass leadin?  It's truly one of their  best, and for a band that's been around for over 30 years, that's saying a  lot!
B000000WJZ|3.0|I love Billy's music but someone made the big mistake of telling him &quot;Billy, I think you have a wonderful voice and I think you should sing on every album.The world needs more whiney,ear piercing annoying vocalists  anyway and your voice is the most annoying of them all so you'll make  millions&quot;I'm glad they've had a lot of success but intern that makes  me have to hear Billy's voice on the radio. Anyway if you have a machine to  remove the vocals from this album buy it but be warned if you don't because  Billy's going to keep singing and whining all the time.Billy your one hell  of a musician but respectable musicians know what they can and can't do and  don't have an ego bigger than Africa. So basically I'll be the first person  in line to buy a Smashing Pumpkins instrumental album and what I'm trying  to say is BILLY STOP SINGING PLEASE!
6305750750|1.0|I must admit, the trailer had me in tears of joy and  I expected my childhood would resurface during the first viewing.  I got a sunburn and fell behind on work on whole day just to get tickets to the opening  show.<br />On May 19, 1999 - the culmination of a 16 year fantasy ended up in  tears of sorrow.  The opening sequence, pod race and final battle between  the jedi and sith were worth the 8 bucks - but nothing can save this movie  from the dark side of the hollywood force.<br />Marin County may be a long way  from Tinseltown, but Georgie Lucas somehow found a way to sell out.  Excess  of technology spoiled a flawless plot.  Character development was absent.   Six foot frogs with jamaican accents played part in fart jokes.  In fact,  every non-humanoid species has a Chinese, Arab or African accent.  Is Lucas  suffering from Xenophobia?<br />Sorry kiddies - I guess the older fans like  myself just can't handle it sometimes.<br />As a good consumer, I'll buy the  video, then the DVD when it's released (because of slipping video sales)  then the special edition.  I'll encourage my children to watch the all the  installments (regardless of their quality) because they're still good,  wholesome movies that encourage creativity and imaginiation.  However  things will never be the same now that this scar has been placed on the  face of the world's greatest myth.<br />Let's all hope Lucas has a revelation  while reading our feedback: Not for money, for art.  As I write this  review, it is rumored he is putting the final touches on the script for  Episode 2... may the force be with us all, indeed.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This album is classic.....it combines times, races, and sound.  No matter what your taste in music.  If you enjoy listening to instruments this is for you.  Guitars sing to the voice of Santana's well written music. For  those of you who knew Santana when....you'll realize he has transcended  through time to become yet,...AGAIN another classic album...for the fans of  rock, pop, jazzy and rhythmic sound.  Folks of all ages will enjoy this  music.
B00002E285|5.0|no, this isnt low-brow material that the average bruce willis fan would at all enjoy. but it is the most accurate portrayal of pink floyd's genius i have yet found. admittidly, if you dont like the music, you probably wont  appriciate the movie, but HOW could you not like the music?  its simply  inspired, and this is one of my favorite movies of all time. if u like pink  floyd, or want a subtle, beautiful movie that peers into the soul, i highly  recommend The Wall. (oh, but definitly listen to the cd first, so you can  interpret it on your own before watching the movie! )
B000002UJQ|5.0|I got a copy of this cd a couple of years ago, and the first time I heard it something drew me to it, i wasn't sure what I was hearing at first..In my opinion this will in time be what dark side of the moon has been for the  last 20+ years, the first listen is free, but after that you're absoulutely  hooked, I would compare it almost to a religious experience, a must have  for any music collector
6305750750|5.0|The Force is really strong with Phanton Menace... is the best movie I ever seen.  The revelations, the history, the characters, everething is exelent...  It don`t matter if you are already a star wars fan or no,  the movie is great.  YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS MOVIE NOW!
B00003CXBK|5.0|If your an anime fan, and who isn't, then you will love Princess Mononoke.  PM has a wonderful story, great score, and superb artwork(what else would you expect from a Hayao Miyazaki film). So if you want to see a great anime  go see Mononoke, and if you can't see it in theaters make sure your vote  for now!
B000002UAO|5.0|Oh Yes 1965 was a big year for the Beatles there lyrics and sound was maturing at lightning speed and they started to experiment with drugs and this album is living proof. Oh such great songs, you got you basic rock songs Drive My car and Run For Life. John's song's are just  perfect and with Nowhere Man, In My Life and Norwegian Wood he really shows  how truly gifted he is. Oh yeah he also constructs a truly inspiring tune  called Girl. Then theres George with If I Needed Someone and Think For  Yourself which were really his first classic songs. Paul Cranks out a  lovely ballad called Michelle and the underrated I'm Looking Through You.  Overall all The Songs are great and I highly reccomend this album.
6304698798|5.0|This movie is not just a western great, but an American classic. For a film nearly 40 years old, the DVD has good picture and average sound. The DVD does have some extras, but probably not enough to satisfy the GBU die  hards. Even though the DVD has some deleted scences, I was informed not all  of the deleted scences were included on the DVD. The DVD is still worth  buying because the movie is fantastic.
B000002UAF|5.0|This was the first album of Lennon/McCartney originals and quess what there all great. Can't buy me love,title track and I should of known better are classics. But wait it also features And I Love Her and Things we said  today two of Pauls Best Ballads from the early days. And what a way to  close an album with I'll be Back. This is defentily the best album before  rubber soul and I reccomend buying this first if you want to get into early  beatles.
0767802551|4.0|This is a very good movie with great performances by Pacino, Depp and Madsen. The DVD has solid sound and picture, but doesn't have any extras. A &quot;Making Of&quot; the film or commentary track would have been nice and  provided more info about the real life events in the movie. A must rental.
B000002UA9|5.0|Please Please launched 4 Beatles classics which includes I saw her standing there, Love Me Do, Title track and of course the energenic Twist and Shout, but also includes the often overlooked gems &quot;misery and  &quot;There's a place&quot;. The covers are pretty good(well most of them)  and the rest of the songs are pretty good exept A Taste of Honey which  isn't . Overall a very good debut just not as good as there glory days  65-69.
0790729644|4.0|I rented this movie and enjoyed it. The final half hour was the best part. It had strong performances surrounded by a good story. The DVD picture and sound were well done. The DVD didn't include any extras but was still worth  a rental. A great western and movie period.
B000002UAC|5.0|Though not as great as the previous one but the harmonies are still great.The first three tracks, It wont be long, All Iv'e Got To Do, All My Loving are classics. But it also features the overlooked gem Little Child.  The covers are again great especially Money and Roll Over Beethoven. But I  dont really care for Till There was you, which is one of the cover songs on  these album. Beside that one song all the songs are good.
0790729725|5.0|Hands down, this is one of the best movies ever made, as well as one of my favorites. The DVD needs to be re-released for an improved version. The movie is on two sides, which is no good. The extras are limited. The movies  sound and color are average. However, die hard GOODFELLAS fans would like a  better version to enjoy. Perhaps with commentary tracks, interviews ect.  This would give us more info about the real life events the movie is based  on.
B000002UAU|5.0|At the time of this release it was very new and andvanced at that time, It could quite be the most original album ever made! Though Sgt. Pepper may not hold as high as say Revolver, Abbey Road and The White Album (IMO),  there is no doubt that this is one of the best albums ever released. How  could this ablum be overrated is beyond me. Sgt. Pepper and its reprise are  great rockers so is Good Morning Good Morning. Getting Better, Lovely Rita  and  when I'm 64 are underrated gems. Being For The Benefit of Mr. Kite and  Lucy in The Sky With Diamonds are trippy, the latter being a all time  Beatles classic. George's tune Within You Without You is very underrated  (as is all his eastern influenced songs). But what I really love about this  album is the last song A Day in the Life, this song is so lyrically and  musicly perfect-Got to give Paul enourmous credit for his part (the bridge)  in the middle of the song helped make this song and all time classic.
B0000399WI|4.0|I bought the DVD and enjoyed the movie. The color and sound were well done. The dvd could have contained more special features, but its still worth your money for under $15.
B000002UAR|5.0|WOW, theres not much I could say about this album accept it is argubly the best Beatles album and a candidate for the best album period. You got Rock, LSD, Sitar, Lovely Ballads and even motown on this album. All of John's  song are pschydelic whether it be the dreary lyrics and backwards guiter  playing in I'm Only Sleeping, the surrealistic lyrics and massive tape  looping of Tommorrow Never Knows, or the story of a conversation while  tripping in She Said, She Said(which BTW is my personal Favorite on this  album. And Dr. Robert &amp; And Your Bird Can Sing just rock out. Pauls  song range in different styles, Eleanor Rigby is a very sad song but strong  song, For No One is also deppressing but equelly strong, BOTH CLASSICS and  of course the motown influenced Got To Get You Into My Life is Flawless,  gotta love those horns, man!. Here, There and Everywhere is a candidate for  one of The Beatles best ballads. George creates three great gems the anti  tax-theme Taxman, the sitar drenched Love You Too (George Sitar-eastern  influenced tunes are vastly underrated) and the great I want to tell tou.  And of Course Yellow Submarine some people dont like that song but you know  what I'm not one of those people, that song is just perfect for Ringo. And  theres also Good Day Sunshine, despite what people say is a good sond and  damn catchy.
0694519928|5.0|This book is such an eye opener! My fiancee and I now have a more loving relationship by trying to use some of the suggestions in this book.  To those of you who said John Gray didn't tell us anything new, I say in a  way, you're right. John didn't tell us anything astonishingly new and  exciting. He even states in this book that a lot of what he says is just  plain common sense.  All he is trying to do is get us to empathize with our  partners and understand the motives behind their actions. Sometimes it's  the most obvious things that people can't understand.  Read this book and I  guarantee you will get at least one good thing out of it!
B000002UC5|4.0|I actually rate in 4 1/2 stars. It really doesnt deserve the bad rep it gets. This album is so underrated I will even go far enough by saying this is one of Paul's best solo album.The harmonies are tight as ever especially  Every Night, That would be something and Teddy Boy. Maybe Im Amazed is a  classic and Junk is beutiful. The instrumentals aren't that bad either  there really enjoyable. Also Lovely Linda should been longer but even  though it's about 30 seconds I LIKE IT! I would of given this album 5 stars  but it could of needed a few more songs to substitute the instrumentals  like Kreen-Akrore which is a horrible song. And Paul could of fitted on I  keep on believing.
B000002UAI|4.0|No Reply, Im A Loser, Eight Days a Week, I Dont want to Spoil the Party, how can an album with these classics be considered bad or the Beatles worst. Sorry folks but Yellow Submarine is there worst. Every Little Thing,  Baby's in Black are great and somewhat underrated. The covers are great  exept for Mr.Moonlight. For Sale is a step down from there previous work  but still great and baldy underrated.
6301796535|4.0|Sometimes fairy tales do come true, and we are all human beings and should be treated as such.  I have made good friends with, have lived with, been engaged to, and have married my escort clients over the years, so things are not black and white as the popular misconceptions and preconceived notions in this society and culture. Maybe Gere's character went to the streets to get a lower rate, because her overnight rate was much too cheap!
B000000OF6|5.0|Queen is the best group of the millenium, if you don't know why this album can give you some answers.Maybe you like a lot of songs and you did't know they was from queen.And maybe you don't know a lot of song from here and  you buy the box and then you love they. I'm a queen fan if you don't beleve  me you can read mi e-mail direccion.patofandequeen@hotmail.com
0395929512|5.0|He is so clumsy, that anyone will laugh. I read all of the Paddington books I could find as a kid, and I read them again as I got older. And I would read them again, and again and again. This is a very good reason to  have kids, so you can buy this book. Too bad he has become some sort of  commercial bear, he is much greater as a little clumsy bear trying to  please all the people.
6303314015|5.0|I never thought that a simple Disney movie could make me cry, but actually, this one did. Don't ask me how, but it really happened, and the worst part is it happened again, and again and again. <br />This movie is  probably better than all the other Disney movies. It is wonderfully drawn,  better then any Disney animation. I never liked the fairy-tale Disneys, but  this one... There are no words for its absolute great class...
6305750750|2.0|I'm a huge fan of the Star Wars movies just like every other reviewer here I'm sure.  However, when I left the movie theatre after seeing The Phantom Menace, I realized that George might need some help after a 20 year absence  from writing and directing.<br />The movie would have been easier to do as a  total digital cartoon with the amount of F/X he overdid for it.  The only  cool part that reminised the early trilogy was the ending lightsaber duel.  The script was poorly written, and the character development was so  one-demintional that the already proven talented actors (McGregor, Neison,  &amp; Portman) could not shine through the haze.  Lets face it, he took  poor and mediocre actors (Hammil, Ford, &amp; Fischer) and made them shine.  What happened George?<br />I hope that George inlists a co-screenwriter  like Lawrence Kasden from the original trilogy, and maybe kick back as an  exectuive producer instead of director.  Maybe let his ILM prodigy David  Fincher take the director's chair.  I also hope that he tones down the  special effects, and actually tries the novel idea of building sets, and  models like in the original (by far, the look ten times better then the  poor excuse of the Gungan-Federation battle scene in TPM).<br />I didn't  expect the new triology to be better than the original, but I was hopping  for a litte better outing than this.  Please re-kindle the old magic the  next two goes around George...please!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|The album that changed my life.  In 1980 I was 17 years old living in Seattle--a total 70s rocker when I saw London Calling in Tower Records.  It had the coolest cover I had ever seen--a black and white photo of Paul  Simonon smashing his bass on stage.  Something just clicked in my brain and  instead of buying the latest Aerosmith album, I bought London Calling and  at first the Clash were a total shock to my Led Zeppelin soaked system.   Now in 1980, American rock radio consisted of songs that consisted of a  really cool guitar intro, 1rst verse, chorus, 2nd verse, chorus, a really  bitchin solo by Jimmy Page, Michael Schenker, or Ted Nugent, the 3rd verse,  and the chorus.  Usually the song was about partying, chicks (and sex), or  enchanted forests and castles and such and if the song didnt sound like  this we hated it.  And here in my innocent hands was a record about  revolutions, fascists, junkies, race riots, nuclear destruction, gangsters,  rude boys, suburban alienation, consumerism, and Montgomery Clift for Gods  sake!   And all of this was played in all different styles--ferocious punk  with snarling vocals, rockabilly, jazz, ska, and reggae.  It totally blew  away my perception of what rock music was supposed to be.  (I became more  aware of the world and what was happening politically thanks to the  Clash)<br />     This is one of those rare records that never lets up from  beginning to end and is truly packed with with some of the Clash's greatest  songs.  Their cover of \\"Brand New Cadillac\\" is just smokin  rockabilly, \\"Rudie Can't Fail\\" is irresistable reggae rock,  \\"Clampdown\\" is just pure Clash style punk with angry lyrics and a  thumping rhythm, \\"The Guns of Brixton\\" features Paul Simonon's  bass as the lead instrument (and his vocal) and the result is a very cool  reggae number about racial violence, \\"Wrong Em Boyo\\" reworks the  old song \\"Stagger Lee\\" into a catchy ska workout. <br /> There is  also the ultimate Clash song, \\"Death Or Glory\\", which is a  culmination of everything the Clash are.  It is a kind of merging of their  early punk thrash with the more sophisticated arrangements they were  growing into at this point.  About a gangster trying to settle down it  opens with Joe Strummer's raspy voice singing, \\"Now every cheap hood  strikes a bargain with the world and ends up making payments on a sofa or a  girl\\"  Rock and Roll doesn't get any cooler than this.<br />     London Calling  is a band brimming with confidence--they can do anything--a band at its  absolute peak.  This is essential for anyone who loves rock and roll and  has a sense of history, of where influential music was created.
630575067X|5.0|I saw the first three when i was only 2 and loved it. &quot;I have a bad feeling about this&quot; is what obi wan said and it was what i said when i found out about the prequale i was scared it was going to ruin it. When i  saw it i was happly surprised it was great. The best begining to a great  series. If you missed it in the theater heres the next best thing.
B000002UB6|5.0|Oh No, this is classic Beatles. Get Back, Let it Be, The Long and Winding Road, I've Got A Felling,Across The Universe, how could an album carrying those songs be bad those are classics. Two Of Us, Dig a Pony and I Me Mine  ar unjustly underrated. Yeah Dig it is mediocre but flows in nicely with  the classic Let it Be. Though you could find better versions of Get Back  and Across the Universe on Past Masters vol 2 though there still good  here.Maggie May is filler but One After 909 is great rocker. Though this  was released after Abbey Road, Abbey Road was there last. These songs were  recorded before Abbey Road and given to Phil Spector to produce. Phil  Spector went on to producing some of John's and George's solo albums and  you know what HE AIN&quot;T THAT BAD OF A PRODUCER! espessialy on John's  and George's solo albums.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|If you loved the old TV series with Robert Conrad and Ross Martin, you will HATE this movie. I have always loved the old theme song to the TV show and they didn't even use that.  I had looked forward to a remake.  This  wasn't it.
B000002UA0|5.0|This along with the Doors first two albums are very revoltuonary, they show the darkside of pscychedia. Tell me when you listed to Instellar Overdrive you dont think its INSANE!. You can fell like your floating in  space while listening to Instellar Overdrive or Astronomy Domine  (espessially under the influence). And Did you ever listen to the Bike  noises after &quot;Bike&quot; now thats hilarious. Syd Barrets song writing  is sort of childish or in better words &quot;fairytail lyrics&quot; and it  kind of adds to the dark fell of this album. Tell me when you listen to  Matilda Mother or Flaming you dont think they great songs or get the  chills. But there is some bad news to the album Waters song Take Thy  Stephoscope and walk is very shallow in lyrics and Pow R. Toc H does drag a  bit. It's still a very important album. After this album Syd Barret got  totally braindead from too much LSD and he was kicked out of the  band-Gilmour was brought in and Waters became the leader of Pink Floyd.
630575067X|4.0|I go to the movies for escape, I don't really care if the plot has flaws(unless they are terribly glaring), I like the violence (as long as it's not dwelled upon) I love romace (as long as it's not Sharon Stone who  can make a kiss seem like pornography).  George Lucas does everything well,  the plot is convoluted enough to make your brain work, the costumes and  sets are exotic and lush and the special effects are marvelous. What more  do I want- nothing. I thoroughly enjoyed the Phantom Menace and wish the  next one would come soon. My one regret, there was no Han and Chewbacca,  because Jar Jar frankly jars... If you didn't like it, so what, it doesen't  spoil my enjoyment of it and the millions like me who just want to be  entertained. I remember holding my son on my lap when we saw the first star  wars, now he is a young man and feels the same fascination he felt then.  That's good movie making.
B000002UB3|5.0|Yes along with revolver and the white album this is on the beatles finest moments. Abbey Road is the Beatles first time using symphesisors in there music (this is also one of the first albums using symphesisors) but the  beatles use it at a steady pace. The songs are incredible Come Together and  I Want You(She So Heavy) are instant Lennon classics. I love how I Want You  unexpecely shuts off and goes to the gentle &quot;Here Comes The Sun (well  on the cd at least) Pauls songs are great, Oh Darling is a great rocker  with somewhat raw vocals by Paul and Maxwells Silver Hammer is underrated.  Even Ringo has a pretty good tune with Octopuse's Garden. With George's  supreme work over the few years it is no suprise that his two songs  (Something&amp;Here Comes The Sun) are the best on this album.  &quot;Because&quot; finds John most perfect voice and tone for any of his  Beatles tunes his voice is just perfect on this one. And the medly on side  two starting with You Never Give Me Your Money to The End is one of the  greatest moments in rock history.
6305750750|4.0|I love all the Star Wars films and I wasn't expecting this movie to be the best film of my entire life becuause no movie could have lived up to the hype sorrounding the Phantom Menance.  After the film ended I was  surprisingly pleased. This movie ranks up with the likes of Return of the  Jedi in the sense that it was good but not outstanding as Empire or Episode  3.  I personally thought that the film lacked a charm that was evident in  the first three films.  In the beginning we had unknown actors in roles  that were so cool, now we have big name stars like Samuel L. Jackson and  Liam Nisson trying to capture the esssence of the originals and even though  they do a good job, it just doesn't do it for me.  Don't get me wrong, this  is a great flick loaded with some of the best special effects you could see  and probably the most exciting lightsaber battle in the history of the  series.  I buy the movie because come on it's Star Wars and I know after  all the hype dies down this will be a very nice relaxing evening sitting  back for two hours and visiting the Star Wars world once again.
B000002UDB|5.0|Strawberry Fields is possibly the best song the Beatles ever recorded the same goes for PennyLane (its also the best beatles single ever released for that matter) I Am The Walrus is also a classic and its pretty trippy too.  All You Need is Love is the Beatles answer to the flower power love  movement. Those are 4 classic Beatles songs and I am amazed that a lot of  people reviewing this album are slagging it. There is not one bad song on  this album even the instrumental Flying and George's Blue Jay Way work on  this album. The title cut is really cool as is the underrated Baby youre a  rich man. And you know what I absoluly love Hello Goodbye and Fool on the  hill the latter being a great ballad. This is probally there most  psychedelic album, with many songs it has that acid feel to it, more than  the previous two albums. So go buy it, you dont know what your messing!
B000002AS3|5.0|When I first saw Oasis spit out Supersonic on The Word, my heart missed several beats - I thought they were the Stone Roses come back to haunt me.  But while they may have borrowed their urchin chic from their Mancunian  predecessors, their sound was more Stones than Roses.  Liam's stage persona  may have borrowed heavily from Ian Brown, but emanated a different sort of  cool - a sneering delivery and barely a shuffle of the feet which many have  emulated but never to quite the same effect. Noel's lyrics may often be  poor imitations of nursery rhymes, but the feeling imparted to them by his  brother, fused to the massive sound blasted out by the rest of the band  (and really Bonehead is the driving force, surprising as it may seem, with  his rhythm guitar belting out a shudderingly aggressive wall of sound)  transcends the limitations of Noel's lyric writing ability.  That he can  write a tune, however, is not in doubt.  There are monsters on this album,  from the T-Rex on steroids of Cigarettes and Alcohol, through the  uplifting, anthemic Live Forever to the soaring, intense beauty of Slide  Away. Definitely Maybe is a pearl, better than Morning Glory for it's raw  aggression, uncomplicated yet brilliantly infectious tunes and it's sheer,  unbridled lust for life.  While hailing The Stone Roses as John the  Baptists to Oasis' messiahs is plain ridiculous (The Stone Roses were and  always will be the better band), Oasis took the blueprint left to them and  mangled the face of the British music industry, shifting twenty million  units in the process.  That they never quite lived up to the potential  shown on their debut is well known (how many band's greatest achievement is  their first these days?), but for giving us Definitely Maybe, one of the  defining records of the decade, we should be truly thankful.  Amen.
B00000258J|5.0|What can you say about Muddy that hasn't already been said?  He's the greatest bluesman and the greatest musician that ever drank a bottle of whiskey.  He proves it again with this album.  This album carries the same  level of greatness as his earlier Chess releases.  You can't go wrong with  this disc.
B000001EPB|5.0|If you only enjoyed the dancing from the show, you may not enjoy the sound track(obviously).  If you enjoy the sound of the mystical era represented by LOTD and found the story line heart-pounding, this CD is a must have!    This is definitely the greatest CD in my collection.  My 6 year old  daughter is constantly begging me to listen to it.  The extra tracks at the  end (with tapping) help to enliven the memory of the show.  I'd have paid  twice as much with no regrets.
0790729989|5.0|Many people called this Brad Pitt's movie which is completely bogus, though he was good, but as far as acting goes Morgan Freeman has total control.  Always trust David Fincher to make a dark, disturbing, beautiful  movie.  He has never made a bad one except for Aliens 3, but that was only  because of studio pressure and the producers making the final cut.  Don't  blame David for that one.
630460291X|2.0|I was hoping that this movie would a throwback to the great swashbuckler films of the 30's, but updated with modern acting and special effects.  The opening credits showed promise with the instrumental score and the Bayeux  Tapestry of the Norman invasion.  Yet the opening credits were the  highlight of the film.<br />This movie was just a bunch of Californians  running around merry olde England with some decent production values.   Costner is horrible.  Maid Marian is dressed up as a ninja.  Robin Hood's  sidekick is not Little John, but a Moor?  Alan Rickman is way over the top  in his performance as the Sheriff- he's more like a clown than a villain.   Witches? (When did fantasy become a part of the story of Robin Hood?)   Scots dressed and acting like it is the 5th century and not the 12th.   Christian Slater should have never been allowed within a thousand miles of  the set.  A dreadful Bryan Adam's song in the ending credits.<br />This is a  very silly and stupid film.  A real disappointment for anyone looking for  an old-fashioned adventure movie.  The 1992 remake of &quot;Last of the  Mohicans&quot; showed how a 1930's adventure could be updated for modern  audiences.  It was everything &quot;Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves&quot;  could have been.  Instead &quot;Robin Hood&quot; is to adventure films,  what the &quot;Young Guns&quot; movies are to westerns.  If your a Robin  Hood fan then stick with Errol Flynn or, for an alternative version of the  story, catch &quot;Robin and Marian&quot; with Sean Connery and Audrey  Hepburn; but leave &quot;Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves&quot; to the  teenagers it was made for.
6304795254|5.0|Everyone I know who saw The Game hated the ending (as I'm sure many of you did), but it does make sense, just don't let it get to you.  If you haven't seen it and you like David Fincher (Se7en, Fight Club) you'll love this.
B000002V0Q|5.0|Wow!   This truly is the best rock album ever released in my own opinion.  Ok so Metallica's Black album and Ride the Lightning are also great but this is just that tiny bit better.<br />Starts with the pounding Skin O My  Teeth and never lets up right through to Ashes in your Mouth.  In fact  every song on this album is a potential rock classic - I can't think of  another album like this.<br />Countdown greatly improves on Rust in Peace in  that it just isn't a rip off of a previous album i.e. Peace sells.  The  band also develops a unique style on this album which they would keep until  Risk, however none of the following albums can compare to Countdown, not  even the brilliant Cryptic Writings.<br />If you don't have this album I have  one simple message: GET IT NOW - it is that good, by the way don't believe  what people say about Peace sells... this is Megadeth at their very best.
B00000DCHE|5.0|This is an incredible collection of Joel's early hits produced in a way that will not only inspire you, but set your mind at ease. Joel has a way of speaking to his &quot;true&quot; fans and this is one cd that I have  listened to over and over again.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Please excuse my bad typeing...it is too early and i am too tired...sleep you heartless muse return to me.<br />Well at the time i saw this movie i was in college. Far away from the little city i call home up here in the SF Bay  area. I was down in Long Beach, near the bright lights of LA. But those  lights dimmed that night just long enough for the silver screen to change  my mind for all eternity.  My two close friends at college Molly and Matt  are dragging me to a movie that i havent heard anything about, not one  preview or review this is a pure trust issue. The film opens up with ed  norton in some sort of situation with brad pitt..both good actors. Norton  for American Histroy X and Pitt for 12 Monkeys..another great film. Anyhow  i decided to pay attention...somewhat. Little do i know that within a half  an hour i would be blinking. I wouldnt want to miss what happens in that  micro-second while my eyelids flash down and up to flcik the film off my  retina's. YOu can tell that i liked it. i will not tell you what  happens...i will tell you though to trust me like i trusted my college  buddies and go see this film. Never mind what you might have heard about it  just being a guy flick about men beating each other up...it goes so far  beyond that that the hubble telescope only brings back faded images of what  it used to be 1000 years ago. Then once you watch it (like the sixth sense)  you will need to see it again and again to pick up on it all.  Trust me you  will wided your mind with this one...it is the psychodelic drug that feeds  your breain and it is all perfectly legal.<br />Thanks for reading this far.
B00000DCHE|5.0|This is an incredible collection of Joel's early hits produced in a way that will not only inspire you, but set your mind at ease. Joel has a way of speaking to his &quot;true&quot; fans and this is one cd that I have  listened to over and over again.
B0000025HG|5.0|for the uninitiated willing to find what is the magic of streisand's voice, this album could be the best introduction; her interpretation of the songs here is simply immaculate, restrained and warm, especially on the six  ballads, which are the absolute high points of this album; the standouts  are 'come rain or come shine', 'niagara', and the single 'kiss me in the  rain' - the latter may not be that great a song, yet it is strangely  gripping; of the three fast numbers, 'no more tears' is a fine disco track,  with nice rhythm guitar work, and the only here on which streisand  occasionally wails like a cat; unlike some other readers, i really like  'splish splash', it's really nicely done and streisand sounds very lively;  'i ain't gonna cry tonight' on the other hand, is too long, an  uninteresting song, and has just too much strident guitar work which just  doesn't mesh with streisand
B000002ADT|1.0|Kind Of Blue is adequate at best.   It has no feel, no mood and no form.   I do not see what the hype is.   Its pretty basic.   When I want to hear real jazz, I will just play my Kenny G's Greatest Hits.  Know there is a  sax player.
B00000J7J4|5.0|As one who appreciates and listens to just about every kind of musical style there is, I have to give props to Santana for mixing it up AND making it work. I am a Santana fan from &quot;back in the day.&quot;  I am also a  fan of Wyclef Jean, Lauryn Hill, rap and hip-hop, Eric Clapton -- and just  about anybody else who makes good music.  It's nice to have so many of  those whose music I enjoy on one CD! I never get tired of listening to  &quot;Supernatural&quot; -- ALL of the cuts.
B0000024UX|5.0|I truly do not understand how anyone could find any one of these songs unenjoyable.  The best is Cecilia, but they're all amazing.
B000031WD9|5.0|A group of friends makes a pact to lose their virginity by prom. The will do anything. You can just imagine rest!
6305165912|5.0|Salute to the Coens for refusing to make just another good movie. This one is perfect. A hilarious dialogue driven comedy with every superb spice blends in it. My thanks to all the people who work &quot;hard&quot; or  maybe not too hard :) in bringing this movie for us to watch and be  entertained. A full enjoyment.
B000002VMH|5.0|I just got Diva, and have only listened to some of it, but already I have a favorite -- &quot;Primitive&quot;. No need to look further for words to describe it, the reviewer from BA said it perfectly, and I can't even read  Spanish -- &quot;atmosfera magica&quot;. Indeed!
6305291489|5.0|The parent trap is a great movie for several reasons : just like the original movie the main caracter is played excellently by Lindsay Lohan. The other actors are of equally high standard, specially Elaine Hendrix as  the bride to be and Lisa Ann Walters as the &quot;butler&quot; of the  father. Lisa Ann Walters outclasses her predecessor in the 1961 movie.  Director Nancy Meyers has a keen eye for detail which shows in scenes with  some great nonverbal communication, for instance the conversation in the  garden between Elaine Hendrix and Lindsay Lohan. Dennis Quaid is very  convincing as a father with his legendary broad smile. Another aspect is  the way some &quot;adult&quot; items like divorce and seperation are dealt  with and yet arevery acceptable for kids. Very moving moments, like the  moment Annie reveals her true identity to Chessie (Walters) are pared with  hilarious reactions where Chessie shows her affection by offering in the  midst of tears to cook something special, while at the same time not  degrading the emotional content of that moment. The same goes for Hallie in  London. The music is very functional and thanks to DVD a treat to listen  to. Visuals are wonderful too. Elaime Hendrix has had the opportunity to  play a much more sophisticated opponent making the movie more fun to watch.  All in all a must see family novie !
B00002DE0S|5.0|This is a wonderful performance and recording.  Why the reviewer below thinks it merits two less stars because Zimmerman chose the players in his orchestra is beyond me...
0201633612|5.0|Obviously, this book is *the* most recognized reference work on software-related Design Patterns, and as such cannot be ignored.  If you want to know about patterns, here is where to start.<br />The main asset of  this book is in its trustworthiness and credibility - not such an easy  thing to come by in computer books these days.  I went through many if not  most of the C++ examples in detail, and did not find a case where it didn't  hold up, at least to the extent where it clarified what the point of the  pattern was. The UML diagrams are also extremely helpful. <br />Be forewarned,  however; this is not light reading.  The examples are based on heavy-duty  design tasks your average programmer doesn't face, like language-parsing,  toolkit creation, compiler writing, and the like.  It makes one wonder how  applicable many of the patterns are to less complex programming tasks.  <br />Also, most of the examples are in C++, so you really have to understand  the syntax of C++ before you can get much value out of this book. Another  drawback is that many of the examples are abridged, so at times you have to  kind of extrapolate on what some of the code *would* look like in order to  understand the examples. The chapter on Interpreter in particular was a  tough nut to crack due to this. I actually would have liked to have seen  *more* explanatory text associated with the code itself. <br />For all that,  many of the patterns are pretty staightforward.  The trick is to nail down  that you &quot;get it&quot; for each pattern. One technique I found  enormously helpful in accomplishing this was to write a summary of the  pattern after reading a chapter - right in the book, so it can referenced  later (there's often an entire blank page opposite the beginning of each  chapter you can use for this). You may find yourself delving back into the  chapter to confirm your understanding. <br />Overall, a challenging but  ultimately rewarding read for anyone who wants to understand what design  patterns are all about.
B000002TQV|5.0|Heard and liked afew of the songs (plastic trees &amp; high and dry).  Then while doing some cleaning I heard that fade out song and it confirmed what I had suspected that these guys are excellent.  IMMERSE YOUR SOUL IN  LOVE.....
0684872153|5.0|Fell in love with the stor
B00003000M|3.0|I can partially understand why Steven would want to target the American youths. I think he should of put on more respectful artist rather than people who don't help his father's cause. There are rappers on here who rap  on violence and I feel that they don't even deserve to have anything to do  with a Bob Marley recording. The beats are pretty weak in terms of sounding  good to the hip-hop heads and reggae heads. I also can't understand why  Busta Rhymes, who is a Muslim, does Bob's deepest rasta song. Even though I  am the biggest BONE fan, I don't think that Krayzie Bone interperted Bob's  idea of Rebel Music right. Most of the songs, about half, are pleasing to  listen to but when it comes down to it the lyrics and artists don't mix  with the amazing sound of Bob. I'd recommend this to only open minded  reggae and hip-hop fans who like Bob Marley.
B000023VR6|5.0|THE BEATS, ALL THAT! DRE HAS DONE IT AGAIN!  YOU CAN PLAY THE COMPLETE CD AND NOT SKIP A TRACK BECAUSE IT IS ALL THAT. IT IS NOT THE CHRONIC, IT IS THE CHRONIC 2001. IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT YOU ARE NOT TRUE RAP LOVE, GO LISTEN  TO P M DAWN!
0790735431|2.0|I had 2 uncles who flew in the 8th Airforce (Feb. 1944-May 1945), one, Lt. Gordon Heiser, was a Navigator on a B-24, the other, Captain Ted Heiser, was a pilot and squadron leader of B-17Gs. Based on the accounts of their  experiences, I have two major criticisms of this movie: first, errors in  historical detail and, second, poor character development/lame dialogue.  Though the aerial combat scenes were well filmed, there are some  discrepancies to point out. The first was the fighter escort (&quot;little  friends&quot;). The movie portrayed P-51 Mustangs, which were not  operational in May 1943: the Mustang did not appear in Europe until Dec.  1943.  In the movie, it was funny to see them turning back because the  Mustang was design specifically to take the &quot;heavies&quot; all the way  to Germany and back! Man! Couldn't anyone dig up some P-47 Thunderbolts, or  P-38s! Also, the Bf 109 had wrong theater of operation markings, i.e.,  white fusalage band, which was used in the Mediteranean Theater, instead of  yellow rudder and cowling of the European theater. This is small beer, but  they are noticable details of the movies inacurracies. The biggest problem,  however, is the poor character development and lame dialogue. The  characters were 2-dimensional partly because of the unconvincing dialogue.  For instance, I agree with one reviewer: there is no way that 2  waste-gunners would be fighting over a pasted sign concerning sexual  prowess, or fighting about a good-luck medalion in the midst of a fighter  attack. It was laughable because the screen play was so unbelievably  stupid. In all, a poor tribute to the veterans of the 8th/9th Airforce.  Saving Private Ryan and 12 O'Clock High are much better movies.
6300246787|5.0|As a musical theatre fan, the film version of Hello Dolly! is one of my favorites.  This grand movie musical is incredible both because of the massive scope of the production and the performances of its stars.  So much  attention is given to the fact that Barbara S. was &quot;too young&quot; to  play the role of Dolly Levi.  Let me say this:  I've seen Carol Channing do  the part on stage...and the movie would have been ENTIRELY different with  her on the screen.  Barbara adds some incredible energy and fun that I  don't believe Channing would have carried on-screen.  I'm just waiting for  the DVD version to become available to purchase this CLASSIC must-have  film.  Did you know Hello Dolly! beat out WEST SIDE STORY for the Best  Musical Tony? I don't know why that happened.. but I do know that this is  one of the most entertaining films EVER.
068483605X|5.0|This was the absolute greatest book I have ever read!  I stayed up all night reading it.  It just keeps you on the edge of your seet from beggining to end!  Really I think anyone who can read should definately try  to read this book.  It is just simply the best!
6305750750|3.0|I'm giving this 3 stars because no VHS movie can warrent 5 for me now that I have a DVD player.  Though I thought this movie does not rank up there with the prequels, I will add it to the collection simply because it's Star  Wars.  If you haven't seen it yet, which I doubt unless your my mother,  compare it to the Star Trek series.  Some people will buy every episode,  even the bad ones, because they are all interlinked.  I compare this to  Star Trek 5, the worst, in my opinion, of the trekkie series, and hope the  next one has more flare, humor, and humanism in it rather than flood out  the story with eye candy.
0140282033|5.0|Honestly, this was a delicious book!  Puns aside, I thoroughly enjoyed this story.  The chocolate descriptions were so detailed and so true-to-life that I beg you not to read it if you're even remotely hungry  (I suffered from too many cabinet raids because of this book!).  I thought  the chocolate was a wonderful character in and of itself.  It was used to  twist the story and was as much of a player as any of the human  characters.<br />The interpersonal plots were well-written and I found all of  the characters human, as though I could easily pick them out of a crowd.   Ms. Harris does a wonderful job of creating sympathetic characters....there  wasn't one I didn't feel for at some stage during the story, even the  priest!<br />While I was hesitant of the idea of Vianne changing the  complexion of a small town with the help of her chocolate, I found myself  becoming just as transfixed with her shop as the townspeople were.  This  was a very enjoyable read!
B00000J7J4|3.0|Well, let there be no doubt in your mind it is Calos Santana.  It could arguably be his better work, but you better be a big Santana fan.  Myself, I like his work, but the endless guitar riffs get old.  The songs sound the  same, except the collaborative songs, which were nothing more than record  company 'put togethers,' trying to pair Carlos with modern day artists to  sell more cd's to the younger crowd, good music, but not what I would  expect or want from Carlos.  Good album overall, but he hasn't changed or  grown musically vrey much over the last 20 years.  I think he may need more  creative control over what he's doing, then we'll get a gem from Santana.
6302787556|5.0|I was totally surprised by this film.  I had never been a spike lee fan, though I always appreciated his talent, but this film definitely changed my mind.  I don't really know where to start, because in my mind, the film is  nearly flawless:  from Denzel Washington's amazing performance to an  ambitious script to Spike Lee's incredible direction (of course putting  Oliver Stone to shame in the realm of political biographies).  My only  complaint involves the ending of the film:  a clever but preachy montage of  images and voice-over narration that really softens what could have been a  tremendous impact at the end.  Of course, these are petty complaints.  Buy  the movie!
0783113943|5.0|I watched this movie for the first time a few days ago, and afterwards, I felt lost.  Angelina Jolie was incredible as Gia.  I wish could find more information about this woman and the struggles she went through.  Her  relationship with Linda was beautiful, and heartbreaking at the same time.   You knew they loved each other very much.  Even though I knew the ending  before viewing the movie, part of my wished that it would magically change.   It also showed me how AIDS was viewed 16 years ago.  You will not forget  this movie or the characters.
0800177177|3.0|Personnally I found 'Bram Stoker's Dracula' to be a bit of a diappointment. For one thing, Bram Stoker wouldn't have known his baby! Instead of the brooding, dark style of the book, Coppola has settled for a  lot of special effects and a lovestory, that has nothing to do with the  original. It isn't all bad, the cast really tries it's best, especially  Goldman and Ryder. The exception is Reeves, who is even more bring and  unconvincing then in his action movies. All in all not unenjoyable as long  as you don't have any high expactations, but certainly not a classic. Stay  with the Lee/Cushing version!
B00000IJPU|5.0|This CD complilation is indeed a fantastic menagerie of Iron Maiden's songs.  From Running Free (a live version with Bruce Dickinson) to the classics with Dickinson at the helm to Blaze Bayley on two REALLY fantastic  songs.  An extremely good starting point for beginners and a really good CD  for long time fans.
6303460151|2.0|What exactly is this supposed to be? I still can't figure it out. There is a dozen beginnings, that don't make much sense. There is a dozen endings that don't make much sense and there is a whole lot in between. With about  a hundred characters that do, or do not have anything in common it gets to  be just a little bit confusing. I had to watch this three times, before I  could keep track of who was who. Think of the Ten Commandments but then  with all the extra's playing parts compatible to Yul Brinner's and you get  the idea. Altman tried, but this goes nowhere, with perhaps one in every  ten plotlines holding any interest. 'Shortcuts' was a hundred times better.
6300214826|1.0|Sick! This is the kind of movie that is purely a dillusion on what happened in Vietnam. It's becuase of sick movies like this that gave America's vets a bad name. If you want to see a LSD version of the war that  is sick, tasteless, and offensive, this movie is for you. But if you want a  TRUTHFULL look on what happened in Vietnam, watch HAMBURGER HILL, 84  CHARLIE MOPIC, AND PLATOON.
0783222734|3.0|This is one of those movies, that always makes me feel sad. It is such a wasted opportunity. Sure, it isn't bad, Neill, Goldblum and Attenburough are quite believable in their respective roles and the supprting cast works  hard to back them up, but why did Spielberg have to sentimentalize about  the children? I know it is a hobby of his, but here it is really out of  place. Excellent work of Sam Neill here, who manages to keep the story from  becoming a tearjerker, but it shouldn't have been necessary. A shame.
6300216802|2.0|Captain Kirk gets back control of the Enterprise and goes to investigate a mysterious cloud making its way towards Earth.<br />Though this film stars all the crew from the original '60s series, it is more akin to an Arthur  C.Clarke film than Star Trek.  Okay, so it might please fans of 2001, but  as somebody who enjoyed the original Star Trek series I was bored rigid.   The special effects are faultless, true, and there is a superbly ominous  soundtrack, but nothing much actually happens for most of the film.  And  some of the dialogue is pretty silly - &quot;It disappeared down what they  used to call a black hole&quot;.  Who talks like that?<br />Fans of special  effects or 2001-type science-fiction might enjoy this, but fans of the Star  Trek series would be better off watching 'Wrath of Khan' onwards.
6301976622|4.0|After watchin Quo Vadis at least a dozen times it is still one of my favourites. It's fun and despite it's length it keeps up the pace to the very end. Okay, it is historically  ridiculous, squeezing years into a few  days, but what the heck, if I wanted history I wouldn't watch a movie. An  excellent cast, Ustinov in one of his best parts, plenty of uncomplicated  action and a story line that is simple enough that you can walk off  halveway if you have something to do and pick it up effortlesly  halve an  hour later. Just the ticket for an autumn day when it's raining and you're  bored.
B00003CWHS|5.0|Continuing from the end of 'Evil Dead 2', Ash is now is slave in a medieval-like world filled with all manner of unpleasantness.<br />This is a riot, with all manner of hilarious black comedy, including killer books, an  army of skeletons (sadly sub-Harryhausen but funny anyway), Ash's evil  twin, tiny versions of Ash, comic dialogue.  Added to that is scenery just  as imaginative and well-designed as that of the best dark fantasy film and  you have top entertainment.
079073463X|5.0|A trully enjoyable movie. The selection of stars is unique and it works. Aided by an excellent supporting cast Pfeiffer, Hauer and Broderick really put the magic on the screen. I don't understand people griping about  Brodericks monologues. If anything, they don't belong with Woody Allen so  much as with Shakespeare. It is a classical case of comic relieve. The  action is fast-paced and the fights, coordinated by the same man who worked  for Lester in the Three Musketeers are particularly thrilling.
0790737973|3.0|This movie was ok.I read the book because I am a very big Michael Crichton Fan, but I got to say the movie stinked,If they had more action it would be better. The only thing good about this movie was Samuel L. Jackson. So if u  want to see it I warn u it is not all good
6303961592|2.0|This movie is one Big mistake. It's at least twice as long as it should be (You just spend ten minutes listening two the opening music, before anything happens. I first thought it was some sort of mistake. When the  story finally gets started you just wish you were back with the music.) The  sentimentalism and the corny-ness of the plot defie all imagination. It  reminds me of the Christmas tales my teachers used two read for a bunch of  five-year olads and even then I was bored out of my skull. To enliven it  the hero-villain relationship borders n the homsexual, but even that goes  precisely nowhere.In the whole movie there are only two parts that bear  watching: The sea-battle and the chariot-race. For the rest, forget about  it. There are a lot of actors, who try, but there just is no way to make  this movie interesting. If they scale it down to 100 minutes that would be  an improvement. It shouldn't be too difficult. After all, the rest isn't  worth watching anyway.
6304539258|5.0|I have always loved Star Wars ever sence I was 8. If u have never seen this movie or Empire Strikes Back,Return of the Jedi I don't know u. Any ways it's been out scense 1977 if u have not scene it befor,u must live in  the dark or in a Black Hole. this movie is worth the money!
6305750750|5.0|The hype associated with such an eagerly awaited movie often leads to post-event let down.  Not so with Episode I. Lucas carefully kept the feel and quality of the original Star Wars while giving us something new to see  and enjoy. Those of us who follow Star Wars in the books and movies were  treated to the some answers of long-asked questions and some wonderful  &quot;inside jokes&quot;.  The special effects were outstanding (especially  the pod race!) and no matter what people say about Jar Jar Binks,  he is my  daughter's favorite character.  This movie is one of the few available that  both adults and children can really enjoy together.  I believe with all the  Star Wars entertainment (books and movies) that this is Lucas's intention.  This movie is a must have for your family and in wide-screen so you won't  miss a thing!
6303148352|5.0|This movie is the best,I mean the best movie ever. I probably like it because I want to be a palaeontogist when I grow up. Also it is the special effects that it is in the movie, which make the movie real. Second it is  the actors,SamNeil,Samuel L. Jackson,Bob Peck,and many more. So I suggest  that you get this movie, it is worth the money
B00003XB8K|5.0|That's some music you can listen to all day long where ever you are... GREAT GREAT GREAT
6304675348|5.0|true, this is not one of the most original horror movies ever made, and true, it is not at all scary or extremely gory, but how could anyone not like this movie?  It is so much fun! The whole movie was like a roller  coaster ride that left me breathless and begging for more. Even at close to  two hrs., the movie seemed short and I didnt want it to be over. No horror  movie has done that to me yet. And for film afficionados like myself, the  movie talk was extremely fun to listen to. Yes scream is not truly original  or truly frightening, but it is truly a fun fun fun movie to watch, and  extremely clever. Listen to the dialogue carefully and you'll know why...I  LOVE IT.
0312853238|5.0|As a general rule, I am not a consumer of SF books.  I came across this book and decided to &quot;expand my reading&quot; from the typical mystery/thriller category.  Boy, was I NOT disappointed!  <br />The beauty of  this book, for me, was in the simplicity of the storyline:  A young boy  taken from his family to develop military leadership skills via war  simulators.  Card fully develops the character, Ender Wiggins, so you can  relate to and care about him.  But boy does he throw a monkey wrench into  the story for an ending.<br />The remaining books in the original trilogy,  Speaker for the Dead and Xenocide, were good reads.  But to me they pale in  comparison to this book.  I have purchase but not read Children of the  Mind.  Ender will forever be one of my all-time favorites.<br />If you liked  this book, try Armor by John Steakley.
6302649943|4.0|Overall...this film was really enjoyable and u find the three hours passing quicky...the story is an enjoyable one...and it is interesting to watch the characters go from young teens into adulthood...some great  moments too...but the extremely low budget really takes away from what the  film could have been...overall...a good effort and fun to watch...but often  cheesy...especially the ending....
B00000K19E|1.0|Special effects don't make a good film.  Pretty pathetic.
630508999X|5.0|scream 2 was quite possibly the greatest sequel ever written...just as suspenseful and entertaining as the original...the only letdown was the climax...but the events leading up to it were great...a must-see...
B000002LGA|4.0|After his MISTRIAL album flopped, Lou Reed took some time off. This turned out to be a wise move, for Reed was in desperate need of some rest by this time. He was sober, but he seemed to try too hard throughout the '80s with  deliberate attempts at courting the mainstream. NEW YORK, however, was  Reed's long-awaited return to form. The TRANSFORMER guy of the late '70s is  long gone, and Reed, now pushing 50 at this time, is turning his attention  toward political and social matters. He proves to have quite an acid  tongue, showing that age had not mellowed Reed one bit. NEW YORK proved  that Reed wasn't exactly commercial as he used to be, but he also didn't  need to be commercial to prove his vitality.
0792156684|5.0|Esta espectacular pelicula romantica nos da una leccion de vida y de amor. Realmente el genio que escribio esta novela y el maestro que la puso en escena son dignos de admiracion. Felicitaciones y se las recomiendo a  todos.
7119005901|5.0|First off, you have to read the full translation of this book.  I read the 1976 abridged version of Three Kingdoms translated by Moss Roberts first and thought it was pretty good, but felt that the story wasn't developed  enough and lacked cohesion.  Then a few years ago I finally found and  purchased the full unabridged version published by the University of  California Press and also translated by Dr. Roberts.  This is the  full-blown epic from start to finish with all the details and many of the  translation errors of the previous editions eliminated.  The prose was also  improved and flows eloquently throughout the book's entire 3000+ pages.  Three Kingdoms is the tale (part historical, part legend and myth) of the  fall of the Later Han Dynasty of China.  It chronicles the lives of those  feudal lords and their retainers who tried to either replace the empire or  restore it.  While the novel actually follows literally hundreds of  characters, the focus is mainly on the 3 families who would eventually  carve out the 3 kingdoms from the remnants of the Han.  The Liu family in  the Shu kingdom led by Liu Bei, The Cao family in Wei led by Cao Cao, and  the Sun family in Wu eventually led by Sun Quan.  The book deals with the  plots, personal and army battles, intrigues, and struggles of these  families to achieve dominance for almost 100 yrs.  This book also gives you  a sense of the way the Chinese view their history:  cyclical rather than  linear (as in the West).  The first and last lines of the book sum this  view up best: &quot;The empire long united must divide...&quot; and  &quot;The empire long divided must unite...&quot; If you are at least a  little interested in Chinese history (ancient or modern) and culture this  book is a must read.
B00003CWL5|5.0|This was definitely one movie that just instantly hit a nerve for me. Beautifully acted, beautifully written, and beautifully portrayed in a twisted light. I felt like I could really relate to each of the characters  in my own way. Each time I thought I knew what the ending would be,  something else just threw me back off track. The symbolism of the rose  petals represents temptation, seduction, and desire. Little surprises just  pop up everywhere, and totally caught me off-guard. This movie is  definitely one of my personal favorites, and one that I will see again and  again.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony seem like they were made for each other.  The orchestra complements all of Metallica's songs perfectly.  Metallica is great live, and with Micheal Kamen supporting them, they get  even better.  I have to admit that I was a little disappointed that they  didn't play Unforgiven, but I think that I can overlook that.  There have  been many versions of One, but the version on disc 2 of S&amp;M is by far  the greatest.  That songs still gets me going, even after listening to it a  hundred times.
B000007T1M|5.0|these guys kick, they are by far my favorite band, they have so much to offer from kick a$$ hard(sugar, war, p.l.u.c.k.) to low and emmotional(suggestions and as someone else mentioned spiders) there's  somethin' here for everyone(except a backstreet boyz fan-ewww) so try it  out. and to the music fan from cali; i think someone slipped something in  your aspirin.
6305470464|5.0|This movie is really great! I would recommend it to anyone who digs love stories. I think it may be more of a &quot;chick flick&quot; or a movie for couples. I thought the acting was great and the cast was excellent. I was  really touched by this movie
B000005IU1|4.0|I bought this Cd last summer and not until reciently have I been listening to it. But now, all I can say is that I love it. Even though the songs are pretty stupid and the names are even worse (real cool time), it is still a  classic. My favorite would have to be Not Right which can never seem to get  out of my head. If you want to know where punk began, pick this mother up,  its crazy.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I think that this movie was put together ingeniously.  When I watched it for the first time (I now own it), I got a little confused when Neo woke up and the machine came and unplugged him.  I couldn't tell where he was or  which world was real or what was up and down.  There was just enough  confusion to keep me guessing and just enough to make the realization an  even bigger OOOOOH!<br />I recommend this to sci-fi fans, but not to people  who don't like somewhat complex plots, because you have to wait awhile  before everything becomes clear.  I won't tell you how many times I've  watched it, but let me tell you, it's worth it.
6304118392|5.0|I believe this movie to be a great piece of film which was not a case of MTV style film noir.  Those who said the graphics were baroque in some sort of way, are narrow minded and unable to see the beauty in Mr. Stones  vision.  One person said there wasn't enough commentary on the antimedia  messages Stone was trying to express.  Well, this wasn't watching a debate,  this was a movie.  In which cinematography and visual were used to  entertain as well as depict the media power in America.  Those who do not  like this are completely ignorant to good film making, Oliver was a genius  and a creative madman for making his art so seriocomically graphic and  entertaining.  Want to see real graphic, watch the news, this was fun to  watch with a political message behind it.
B000003BZ4|5.0|Warren (guitar &amp; vocals) and Woody (bass) used to be in a modern incarnation of the Allman Brothers Band, and you can certainly hear some of the A.B.B. style here.  Long jams, that gritty southern rock feel.<br />But  Gov't Mule take that sound and add some more dimensions to it.  They make  it heavier, louder, more kicking (with a big boost there from Matt Abbts on  the drums).  They also stretch out the jazzy improvisation side of the  music with some great instrumental numbers.<br />People rave about Warren's  guitar playing, and rightly so - he's hot soloing, fills out a big sound on  rhythm parts, and uses dynamics well.  What they often fail to mention is  his big blues voice.  It's no accident that they lead off with an a  cappella number.<br />I think my favorite on this album is Left Coast  Groovies, with some unusual rhythms in the riffs and some great lyrics  about California new-age wife swapping air-headed  spiritual-movement-of-the-week types.<br />If you like jammin music like the  Allman Bros, but have been craving something heavier and more focussed,  this is it.
B000002C4J|1.0|Celine Dion terrifies the hell out of me. She is so aggressive, so psychotically determined to succeed, but so revoltingly talentless that it is almost impossible to believe she exists. The television ad where she  flicks her head at the end towards the camera, as if to say, 'Even though  the sound of my voice would have made Dr Mengele jealous, YOU WILL BUY MY  ALBUM OR DIE!' is the ultimate marketing device. Advertising is one thing,  but torture is supposed to be a war-crime. 'I am Celine Dion, I am a  success, SO THERE, DO NOT DEFY ME!' I almost jumped out of my seat when I  saw it. Ever since the record companies got a stranglehold on the music  'industry' (why is it called an 'industry' anyway? It should be a lot more  than that) in the 80's, things have been bad, but never like this. Anyone  could be forgiven for mistaking this album cover for an episode of the  X-FILES. Despite her attempts to be attractive, which apparently include  injecting poison into her face every day to prevent her muscles moving so  that she will not develop wrinkles, poor Celine has managed to appear  looking more like an alien than a human. I suppose that marketing can make  this the new definition of beauty.<br />But the music! How could it happen?  Not even a 1 trillion dollar advertising campaign should have been able to  do anything for this. Listening to her voice is like being sliced open by a  piece of jagged glass. And she tries SO hard to screeeeech past the  pain-barrier, anyone with a heart condition or digestive problem had better  watch out. Combined with the hideous, nausteating tunes, your time on Earth  may be very limited. You may be about to die and join Celine forever in her  alien world of terror. Save yourselves while you can!
6305750750|2.0|I consider myself a pretty darn hardcore Star Wars buff.  And I still have to admit that this film was lacking. Pacing was rushed and choppy. I never felt emotionally &quot;there&quot;.  Sorry all.
B000002ADT|5.0|The first couple of times i listened to it, I couldn't catch what the fuss was about, but it just gets better eveytime you listen to it. Now I fully agree.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|This movie was truly spectacular and moving. With a very original plot and an uncany cast, Fight Club is a mind-quenching film on all of it's thought-provoking levels. I saw this film thrice and loved it every time  even more than the last! And for all for all you Brad Pitt or Edward Norton  fans , you shall also be impressed with Norton's usual greatness, and  Pitt's previously unseen side of acting in this film. This is NOT a film  for people who do not like to think beyond what they see on the screen. It  is a film in which can, and should, be seen on many different levels in  order to really understand it. Overall, it is a must-see masterpiece which  will invoke many thoughts and emotions within any open-minded viewer.
0399230033|5.0|Who can resist the charm of a little gorilla?  This book will generate a lot of conversation between grammy and the grans! A must-have for any Grammy's bookcase or a great gift for your young Valentine!
0553577123|1.0|The story of a teenage girl who spent some time in an annex and found out about love, sex and everything else related to that age group could have been quite interesting, but Anne Frank's personality and written style is a  bit weak. I think this book has been way overrated. Sure it's sad that one  had to be stuck under such circumstances at that age, but let's face it,  their situation was not the worst: people brought them food, they had a  radio, books, pens, magazines and even partial freedom to fall in love.  From all the positive criticism given on this book, I was very  disappointed. Anne Frank may have become a big writer, but only because she  was Jewish and &quot;suffered&quot; during the Nazi era, not because she  was a particularly good writer. So if you're in for feeling sorry once  again for the Jews, do read this book, but if you're looking for a literary  masterpiece, then don't even bother to pick this book up.
630439845X|5.0|Holly is absolutely wonderful in this story of love, sex and power. She is headstrong and knows what she wants...her piano, her music. She pays a price. I recommend this movie!
0767803434|4.0|I luved this movie because it was very suspensful. One time I thought Harrison Ford was going to be captured but I would have never expected him to make the jets fire at the plane. I think that was pretty realistic.
0783230893|5.0|Kathy Bates and Jessica Tandy are such a good team in this story. A heartwarming story it is. Bates and Tandy meet by coincidence and Tandy ends up telling Bates her lifestory. I was crying through most of it. They  form a special bond and in the end...well...you'll just have to watch it  :-) Definate buy! Great for the whole family!
B000002MVT|5.0|Slip in the disc, slip on the cheap sunglasses, (the darker the better) and 'GET DOWN' with ZZ's TOP (best of their best) BLUES! If I could, I'd make it easy on ZZ; &quot;Keep BOTH feet in the 'blues'!&quot; Forget the  'fodder', blot out the 'son'... BARE BONES BLUES!  YEAAHHH...that's the  way! A definate MUST HAVE! You'll wonder why they bother  do anything other
6302787564|4.0|I think we all have those days where everything just seems to go wrong and things get to you. Just pray you don't go over the edge like Douglas does in this one. One day everything just comes tumbeling down for him. The  Whammy Burger scene is, as pointed out by many other reviewers truly funny.  I also liked the scene where he tried to get change for the phone. Don't  watch it on a bad Monday...just kidding :-)
6304286961|5.0|I like Oliver Stone's movies. I thought 'Natural Born Killers' was just about the best thing ever to light up my lounge room. So, anyone who has seen both it and 'The Doors' will appreciate why I also greatly enjoyed  'The Doors'. The style of the MOVIE is fast and vibrant, from the  sun-drenched beginnings of the movie the huge churning concert scenes. I  also like the Doors, some of their stuff was trash, I'll give that, but  some was pure brilliance, like 'The End'. I haven't read any biographies  about any band members so I didn't really understand the context of a few  of their songs, 'The End' in particular. But this movie made things that  little bit clearer, so for that I thank Stone. However, it must always be  appreciated that this is a movie, and unlike documentaries (arguably, of  course) it's strenghts lie in its style and pace and visuals. This movie is  designed to entertain. Perhaps viewers like The Boogey Man would be best  advised to keep this concept in their minds whilst watching. I loved pretty  well every shot in this movie, the style, reminicient of 'Natural Born  Killers', was brilliantly executed, and of course the music was great. Quit  the whining and enjoy the movie for what it is, a movie.
0783233477|4.0|Ah...Hopkins is great again. He manages to put down his characters with such skill. I do like Brad Pitt but I must say, he never seems very different in his roles (except in Seven Years in Tibet). The same way of  speech I think is what it is. But nonetheless, he is good. The movie is  fairly long but I didn't really notice it. It didn't drag one bit. The  pictures are really nice (watching how rich people live always is  enlightning isn't it) the people are beautiful, the story is gripping. The  beginning is a bit of shocker but things turn out for the best in the end.  At least rent this one! Must see!
B000003TA4|1.0|I know a few people who think this is one of the greatest albums ever produced.  I bought it right after hearing &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; and was salivating as I put it into the CD player.  I heard  that song and then a whole lot of junk.  I gave it away to someone else the  next day and he in turn gave it away too.  What a disappointment! This  album also ended rock music and spawned bands who were more concerned about  some sort of image than the music they made.
6304795254|5.0|This really is a great movie and hasn't gotten the attention that it deserves IMHO. Buy it, it is money well spent. Unexpected twists will keep you on the edge of your seat. Enjoy!
B000009QPE|5.0|This is a pure classic in metal.  The drum work of Dave Lumbardo was a masterpiece and set a new standard.  They took a chance with this album and it paid off.  I have never heard a bad Slayer album but this is their only  5 star in my book.
B000003TA4|5.0|Great CD. Probably the best Grunge album ever. I bought it in 1993 and I still hear it. The song &quot;Smells like teen spirit&quot; has changed my live.
0374172897|5.0|I enjoyed this book very much ...clever and well-written.  I have read many of Virginia Woolf's novels, some of her diaries, and a few of her biographies.  I thought that Michael Cunningham cleverly converged the  characters of Virginia Woolf's 1925 Novel Mrs. Dalloway with Virginia Woolf  herself, as well as had an interesting interplay with &quot;time&quot;.  Cunnigham's novel also forces one to reflect on how one defines oneself  amidst the pressures and expectations of others. Virginia Woolf's writing  is still my favorite, but I thoroughly enjoyed Michael Cunningham's Novel.
B000003TAR|5.0|This is one of the greatest Grunge albums ever. I bought it in 1994 and a I still hear it.
0920236820|5.0|Unlike most fairy tales, you will be in for a surprise with this book's  ending.  I have read this book to three year olds, ten year olds, and now I  am going to have my High School Philosophy of Woman class read it in  conjunction with a study on women in fairy tales!  A fabulous reversal or  an ordinary story line. This should be on every library's shelves!
630471193X|4.0|This is a film that I enjoy very much, but I can't say exactly why.  John Travolta is very good in this role as a simple man with good friends who is touched by an unknown power that provides a extraordinary gift, along with  an unfortunate curse.  There are a few messages in the film, but that's not  what drives it.  It's good acting, good entertainment and a pleasure to  watch.  If I were to ever meet John Travolta, I'd hope he'd be like George  Malley (his character). It's hard to believe this is the same JT from  &quot;Welcome Back Kotter&quot;. Give this film a chance ... you'll like  it.
B000003S5H|5.0|True brain candy but what's wrong with that. These are some quality cuts that are a pleasure to listen to.  Beth Hirchs' vocals on a few tracks are real nice and except for a few tracks that are take it or leave it the rest  of it is very very sweet.  What?  They play all their own instruments.
B000001ED1|4.0|I BOUGHT THIS CD YEARS AGO, AND WAS CHECKING TO SEE IF SHE HAS ANY NEW RELEASES. HOW MUCH LONGER? WHATS GOING ON? I BOUGHT THIS CD B.C OF RIGHT HAND MAN, I THOUGHT ONE OF US WAS OK BUT WHEN I HEARD RIGHT HAND MAN I KNEW  THAT SHE COULD DO BLUESY ROCK.  SHE NEEDS TO PUT OUT ANOTHER ONE.  VH1 HERE  IS A GREAT &quot;WHERE ARE THEY NOW?&quot;. I HOPE THIS IS NOT THE END OF  IT FOR HER.  ANYONE KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT A NEW PROJECT FROM JOAN LET ME KNOW  JIMMYDAWG@AOL.COM   SUBJECT JOAN OSBOURNE.
B00000K19E|5.0|this movie was a well planned out movie... I admitt it did have some boring parts but what movie doesn't.  I rated this movie a 5 because it has a lot of great action parts.  and the affects were great.
3895084581|5.0|dont read this story it is a pain. But I recomend the movie so dont ever read.
B000044U4B|5.0|This album represents a time when Metallica were young and hungry. &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; is a speed metal classic, with the band in top playing form. While not as deep lyrically as &quot;Master of  Puppets&quot;, RTL provides satifying riffs, desparate singing from  Hetfield, and pounding rythmic drums from Lars. Hear how this once-great  band used to ROCK, before the sellout.
0671015206|5.0|If you intend to read this book to discover the &quot;get rich&quot; secrets for becoming a millionaires, you are reading the wrong book!<br />If you are searching for a book that helps you define your goals for saving  and investing for retirement, children's education, etc., this is the right  book.  Before you can sit down and develop a savings plan, you must have  goals including an idea of what you are willing to sacrifice to obtain  those goals.<br />Exactly how you will aquire wealth is between you and your  accountant, banker, financial planner, broker, or whoever you trust with  these matters. Everybody's formula will be a little different.<br />This is  not a &quot;how-to&quot; book.  It is a book that gives you the courage to  save through illustrations of what you can accomplish by saving and what  you loose by spending every dime you earn.
6305750750|1.0|A multi million dollar answer to The Blair Witch rip-off! God help us all if this is the way of the future for the cinema. I'd talk about its faults, but there are just too many. You'll not get one more cent out of me George!
0679731377|2.0|A History of the World in 10 1/2 Chapters is an odd piece of fiction.  Barnes makes some of it a very interesting read.  Unfortunately, too much of the novel comes across as boring or preachy, including the half-chapter  which is supposed to contain one of the main themes of the book.  The  first two chapters, The Stowaway and The Visitors, are both excellent.  The  third chapter breaks the momentum that Barnes had been building up, but The  Survivor, chapter 4, picks things up again.  It goes into a tailspin from  there.  Shipwreck and The Mountain are both incredibly tough to read  (Shipwreck seems especially out of place after reading the four previous  chapters).  Three Simple Stories and Upstream! are almost as entertaining  as the first two chapters, but the half-chapter, Parenthesis, sounds like  it belongs in a coffee bar.  It tries to understand love, something that  cannot be completely understood.  This chapter tries to tie the entire  novel together, but it doesn't quite work. Simply put, Barnes gets to the  point too late.  Project Ararat isn't very interesting, but The Dream ends  the novel with a decent story.  However, it's too little, too late. It's  worth picking up this book to read the stories that are entertaining.  They  all can stand on their own and are definitely worth reading.  However, the  stories are not tied together well, and it is in this respect that the  novel falls apart.
B00002E23E|5.0|This was one of the greatest concerts captured on video. They play a great selection of tunes and they rock the house. Awesome, awesome, awesome.
B0000021RL|5.0|It looks like Chicago just keeps getting better and better. Their 3rd #1 album in the last 3 years appears to be the most unique one, but I think it's the best album they ever did(with the exception of #5). With hits like  &quot;Wishing You Were Here&quot;, &quot;Searching so Long&quot; &quot;Call  on Me&quot;, and &quot;Happy Man&quot; it would seem impossible for this  album NOT to be #1. The entire band gives a great effort into putting this  album together, Robert Lamm, Peter Cetera, and the late Terry Kath provide  excellent vocals for this album. Walt Parazaider, Lee Loughnane, and James  Pankow as usual are the highlight of the album with their stellar horn  playing, and the addition of Laudir De Olveria makes the percussion section  look stronger than ever. This is one album that must be bought.
B00000JWV4|4.0|i thought this film was good.Kevin Costner did a good solid job.it was cool having James Earl Jones in this film.a baseball field and the spirits.good and just in time for the baseball season.
6303965415|5.0|This movie is one of the rare cases about a good adaption story from a book.  It is lovely, sweet, delightful.  A fantastic entertainment.
B00000J7J4|5.0|The way Carlos plays the guitar through the whole album is incredible and it really is the thing that grabed my attention. I would really suggest buying this album.
B0000004F9|5.0|Volumes 1 and 2 are the only Soft Machine records one will ever need. After these two the band sorta gets a bit wanky, eventually sliding into untold depths of tedium. Having said that, this is primo classic prog! Far  out, creative rhythms/melodies/lyrics and the beloved Robert Wyatt.  Purchase this excitement!
0783114222|5.0|Tom Hanks executive produced this mini-series after completing Apollo 13 as a way of detailing the entire Apollo program.  Each episode is a story about a different aspect of the endeavor and each features different  writers, directors and actors.  As a whole, the series is a wonderful  adventure and a great history lesson.  Cameo appearances by many, many well  known character actors enhances the fun.  A few of the episodes really  stand out as special, but the entire series is more than worth watching.   The entire video was shot on video for HBO but still looks great, special  effects are as good as in any movie and for the DVD, excellent 5.1 sound is  used.  The boxed set includes a fourth disc containing extras that I have  not seen, thought I anxiously await the opportunity.
B000007363|5.0|du genie, une coute et deux semaines aprs un air qui vous martel la tte qui est ce? je en me souviens plus. un passage un npa, hygh and dry, la voie de thom est magnifique ils sont magnifique. un plaisir comme je n'en  avais rarement pris, je fonce dans ma discotheque, dniche cet album,  l'album qui ne restera sur ma platine pendant des mois. en boucle des  heures et des heures, jusqu'a ce que ok computeur sorte. une merveille qui  remplace l'autre.  rien a jeter tout est bon, trop bon. merci pour tout.
1559408758|4.0|This is Spinal Tap! - Criterion Collection  04.05.99<br />Movie:  One of my favorite comedies.<br />DVD:  Picture is very clean, sound is good.  Not many effects but music plays well.  Extra footage is  interesting but not overwhelming.
0345409671|5.0|Rice has really pushed the envelope with her own concept of Heaven and Hell, God and the Devil. Lucifer actually WAS thrown out of Heaven, according to ancient sources, and this gives a reason why. I have never  experienced a book like this before, with its controversial views of the  truth behind Genesis, and the revelations that come to Lestat, who has  thought he was a messenger of evil for so long. This novel would be  excellent to use in theology classes in universitites around the world,  just for the enlightening debate that could come from reading it.
0385484518|4.0|I had to take a deep breath after reading this book in one sitting. It's light and honest view offer a refreshing account of the meaning &quot;to die is to live&quot;. This two man approach to viewing life is inspiring  and awakens the spiritual journey that is forgotten too quickly in a world  that is running so fast and furious. Although the topic may involve a  subject matter that people perceive as morbid and would rather not discuss,   the content is enlightning, amusing and insightful. A recommended read  all.
B000001FI7|5.0|There is no words that can trully describe Portishead's 1st CD.  I listen to it when I sleep, when I drive, when I Do anything. It's the perfect mood music, a perfect cross between jazz and techno, though their other 2 cd's  are good, their Dummy is THE BEST
0425166805|2.0|Actually, I thought the &quot;shocking theory of prehistoric UFO visitations&quot; was first advanced by  Captain Kirk in the Star Trek episode &quot;Who Mourns for Adonais?&quot;, but that's neither here nor  there.<br />I first read this book immediately after watching the TV film he  had produced, complete with awe-inspiring background music and  grandiloquent narration.  The vast majority of the &quot;evidence&quot; he  cites only vaguely--if at all--suggests rehistoric visitation by aliens.   Worse, Von Daniken seems to believe that early human civilizations were  incapable of putting one brick on top of another without alien assistance.   On the other hand there are a few compelling exceptions, like the  &quot;astronaut&quot; paintings in southern Algeria. <br />All in all it's a  fun read, but don't take it too seriously.
0823003035|5.0|I am totally inspired by this book.   The book is filled with wonderful drawings, well written content, great structure to follow and bunch of excellent instructions.  I can basically open a page and enjoy the  classical art work while reading a section or a caption and learning  something at the same time. It reflects Tony's teaching style:  comprehensive and inspiring.
B000005J56|5.0|it's funny, scrolling through these reviews.  one scholar from wisconsin says the words get annoying because they're in spanish, but that she likes the album anyway.  well, the artists are CUBAN.  they'll sing in their  language, thank you.  and yet another fan in d.c. hides behind his spanish,  cursing ry's slide playing as an intrusion.  shame on these people.  folks  -- unless you've been to cuba in the 40's and heard this firsthand, it just  don't get better.  ry's playing is almost negligible; he's the PRODUCER.   the real stars are the musicians - they make the buena vista social club  real again.  get this disc if you like really brilliant music.
0060930349|2.0|If there is any book that is going to make me question every history book I will read from now is A History of The American People by Paul Johnson. I have to admit that when I enthusiastically picked up this book from my  local bookstore, I had no idea who Paul Johnson was. If I did, I probably  would have put it right back on the shelf. A warning from the publisher  alerting us to the personal and reinterpretive nature of this book would  have been nice. Better still a less misleading title like 'Gratifying  reinterpretration of U.S. History for the staunchily conservative' would  have been welcome.<br />Totally unprejudiced against this author since I  didn't know who he was, I read on, stumbling on one innacuracy after the  other until I put down the book and asked myself what the hell I was  reading.( The first innacuracy I caught was Cotton Mather encouraging  vaccination against smallpox 100 years before it was discovered (!) in 1796  by Edward Jenner, a compatriot of no less than Mr. Johnson!)<br />Although  well written and entertaining, Mr. Johnson's brand of staunch conservatism  permeates and severely clouds every historical fact he presents. His  frequent references to 'contrary to what is popularly believed' and  'according to classified files' renders his book a monumental exercise in  wasteful and unsubstantied prose.<br />Even though I had my doubts about Mr.  Johnson political leanings all throughout his book, it wasn't until I hit  his blistering attacks on FDR and Kennedy as well as his interpretation of  the Vietnam war that I put the book down and looked up Mr. Johnson on the  Internet.<br />And then it all became clear. I had been duped into reading  this book thinking all along that it was a respectable 'partisan-free'  history book. Still, I blame myself. The caption underneath the Reagans  stating that they were one of the most formidable couples to hold court at  the White House should have tipped it off. No sane semi-intelligent person  would have had the nerve to make such a statement expect for the right-wing  impaired.<br />Excuse me for being old-fashioned but I have always believed  that history books are written by qualified scholars and not by  highly-politicized former military personnel who have an axe to grind with  the 'liberal' media.<br />Reader beware!
0060926317|2.0|This book was recommended by a new acquaintance who said it, &quot;changed her life&quot;. I bought the book because I could certainly use a little enlightenment. Alas! This seems a really silly place to find it. The  writing is awful -- I don't have the book in front of me, but I could pull  out about any sentence for ridicule. There were times where I thought,  okay, that's a decent thought, it's a sweet story, (hence the two stars),  but by the end I found myself ridiculing it, and thinking this book, and  its popularity, is further evidence of the dumbing down of America.
0780625129|5.0|This movie shows that no matter how strong ones beliefs are that they can change.  No person was better for this part than Edward Norton, he gave an outstanding performance.  I think anybody who is prejudiced should see this  movie because it shows how ignorant a person could be, it also shows that  it is always better to like someone as a person and not the color of their  skin.  And hatred is something so aweful that it can kill you emotionally  and physically.This movie had a good and bad ending but it just goes to  show you that can happen when racism is involved.  It is so sad what goes  on in this movie but it is reality to some people, and the people that are  like that should see this and wake up, because being racist will get you no  where!
0553213342|4.0|This review is my personal commentary on &quot;Sense and Sensibilty&quot; and, as such, explains and analyzes the novel. Eleanor Dashwood, the main character, is an example of a young woman's position in eighteenth century  England. Her dependent situation in a typical Pre-Victorian setting  introduces the reader to a common stereotype of the times. Miss Dashwood, a  prospective bride at the tender age of nineteen, possesses adequate beauty  and genteel manners making her attractive to select suitors. Chestnut hair,  rosy cheeks, and plump figure serve her well, in accordance with the latest  standard of femininity. However, she is a victim of circumstances. Her  father's recent death has left the meager dowry of one thousand pounds,  which presents the illusion of an unfavorable marriage As there exists  minimal monetary gain, any match would be for the companionship of Eleanor  alone. The equilibrium of both attractiveness and virtue offers an amiable  personality. Although she is reserved almost to the point of appearing  indifferent, the case is quite contrary. She sacrifices personal feeling to  uphold and protect the reputations of any worthy acquaintance amid  slanderous social gossip. These qualities of self-control, prudence, and  nobility are exemplified in daily life.  Perhaps they are best noted in her  treatment of Lucy Steele, an undermining ninny who neither desired nor  expected Eleanor's kindness. Eleanor's selflessness is her most outstanding  characteristic, as seen in constant care and consideration for those around  her. When her own heart is aching under the strain of Edward Ferrars'  impending marital rejection, she suppresses it to help her younger sister  Marianne heal from Willoughby's own recent announcement to wed another.  Even against the incogitant avarice of the former fianc&eacute;s she bears no  lasting grudge. The unprejudiced man who seeks Eleanor Dashwood would have  to be satisfied on these terms, as they are more precious thanfortune,  though rarely esteemed in a material world. The conflict of this book that  will intrigue most readers is recognized in the title. Sense, comprised of  the model attributes of Eleanor, opposes sensibility, a glamorous  self-indulgence.  It is sensibility that governs the outrageous conduct of  Eleanor's and Marianne's former fianc&eacute;s. Lucy Steele, ignorant of Eleanor's  affiance to Edward, confides in her of their own secret engagement four  years previously. Lucy is beneath the Ferrars family in class and fortune,  therefore making their future marriage a disgrace. Willoughby's guise is  still worse. He has fathered an illegitimate child with a scoury maid,  unconcernedly teasing the affections of many an earnest young woman.  Unbeknownst to Marianne, he is currently betrothed to Miss Gray, daughter  of a gentleman and recipient of a forty thousand pound dowry. These  hindrances, intended for personal amusement, have now blinded them both to  true love. The ceaseless appetite of sensibility has devoured their past  and is eyeing the present. Will it be allowed to overtake weakened wills?  The climax, predictably tragic, is inevitable for such foolish young men. A  third party reveals the secret arrangement between Edward and Lucy, thus  Mrs. Ferrars' anger resolves her to transfer the inheritance of eldest son  to the other brother, Robert. Eleanor is resigned to believe he will wed  the luxurious Miss Morton as arranged by his mother. Marianne receives a  formal letter from Willougby informing her that any such engagement must be  entirely a figment of her clever imagination, a sort of wishful thinking  for a girl of her social position. This throws her into a desperate  melancholy, which leads to potentially fatal illness. Everyone is at this  point unhappy or unfulfilled in his or her expectation of the future. A  complicated code of social formality coupled with personal confusion checks  the true desires of each.The resolution to all these issues, however,  swiftly materializes. Upon learning that Edward would no longer be the  endowed heir Lucy desired to marry, her affections quickly change to  Robert. Edward then realizes that he never really loved the fickle Lucy,  and relies on sense to direct him back to forgiving Eleanor. Willoughby is  not so lucky in his domestic outcome. He forgoes personal happiness to  marry Miss Gray, as his own fortune has diminished. Ironically, a breach  from sensibility occurs after he has taken a pint of liquor, and he  confesses his true feelings about Marianne. He acknowledges all that has  been lost for the gain of cold, inanimate money. Marianne recovers from her  lovesick illness, and marries a family friend who deserves her. All is well  in the marrying off of the Dashwood sisters; their fianc&eacute;s attain whatever  it is that they desired and deserved in the first place. Despite mishaps  and malignancies along the way, sense triumphs over sensibility. I would  higly recommend this book to anyone interested in the gentry of the times,  or is a fan of Jane Austen. It is truly one of her finest works, set in  flowing language and adequate print. The paperback edition is fine for  study, but I would select another for one's family library.
B0000025ZK|4.0|David Gilmour continues to show what a great musician he has always been on his second solo cd. As on his first solo album, [[ASIN:B000ELJBAK David Gilmour]], each song is somehow familiar and hummable right away. \\"Until We Sleep\\" features a typically lush vocal sound; \\"Out of the Blue\\" is a quiet number with heartwrenching piano; and \\"All Lovers Are Deranged\\" may be the best song on the record. Singing to Pete Townsend's angry, fed-up words, Gilmour sounds angry and fed up himself on this enough-is-enough track. Also check out the following song, likely a long-ago jab at ex-bandmate Roger Waters, called \\"You Know I'm  Right.\\"  Gilmour places his sincere, fairly obvious lyrics with an always-great melody as he reaches for some sort of reaction. Undoubtedly, he was the member of Pink Floyd who knew the value of a good hook and melodic song structure. Interestingly, neither of the two Pink Floyd albums he did without Waters matches his solo work.
078062999X|5.0|Kenneth Branagh's best work yet!  He has proved once again that he knows the mind of  Shakespeare.  This is an excellent recreation of the complete play.  Not a line has been cut.  This is the way Hamlet was originally  meant to be seen.  The Director's cut, if you will.   A great cast  including Charlton Heston, Kate Winslet, Billy Crystal, and Jack Lemmon.   Charlton Heston reminds us all of just how great of a presence he is, even  in a small part.  Derek Jacobi, whom Branagh has used in another  Shakespearean film of his, is also a great and passionate performer.   Amazing cinematography and great costumes also flood this film.  The main  thing that has changed is the setting, which, in my opinion, only enhances  the play and gives it a modern touch.  Branagh has done a magnificent job  in the role of Hamlet.  I believe he has caught the spirit of Shakespeare's  character like no one else. Take it from an ardent lover of Shakespeare.  I  know how to spell the character's names.  I hope you find this useful.   It's not always easy to find a Shakespeare play to go to.  I love anytime  I'm able to watch a film that does William justice.  Othello, Much Ado  About Nothing, and Henry V are all great examples of the skill and craft of  present day Shakespeare.  Branagh continues to amaze me.  I anxiously await  his next Shakespearean work.  He is truly a &quot;genius, absolute  genius,&quot; [as quoted by Lawrence Fishburne(Inside the Actors Studio)].
0895292211|5.0|For anyone interested in health and disease, THIS book will open your eyes to a vital, yet overlooked nutritional element that is the single largest deficiency in the world.  Startling examples of how traditional diets are  lacking in enzymes, and the relationship to degenerative disease  processes.<br />I utilize this book in my professional nutrition work and  patients are able to read and understand the plain language used to  describe the facts. This helps them become personaly involved in improving  their health!
6305350205|2.0|I'm not the fan of Star Trek. But, I watched several star trek film, and 'Star Trek 5' is worse and more stupid than other one. Though some people said Star Trek Series is becoming BLAND, I want to say one thing,  &quot;Hey, at least it's better than 'Star Trek 5'! &quot;   At Least,  Jerry Goldsmith's exellent score is brilliant... It is one of the example  for scoring sequel in wonderful way....
0446525537|3.0|I enjoyed Nicholas Sparks' first book - I found it romantic with an unpredictable outcome.  Unfortunately, he has discovered a new formula, which disallows genuine emotion from the reader since the plot is so  pedestrian.  This read like a plot from a radio series in the 40's.  It was  vaguely entertaining on an elemental level, but not at all  thought-provoking.  I'm surprised the plot stayed with me long enough to  write this review.
B00001OH7P|5.0|If you only buy one Bowie CD in your life, this is the one! In fact, if you only buy three CDs in your life, this should be one of them! No serious rock &amp; roll collection can be taken seriously without a copy of Ziggy  Stardust and the Spiders from Mars!
6305358567|5.0|When I watched &quot;Elizabeth&quot; my girlfriend brought up something I hadn't thought much of- imagine, she said, of how difficult things must have been for Queen Elizabeth when she came onto the throne in the middle  of the 16th century given how little society at the time educated women.  The pressures of ruling a country divided at home between Protestants and  Catholics, and menaced abroad by the ambitions of France and Spain, were  bad enough. As a woman, Queen Elizabeth had to endure another difficult  barrier to successfully governing England. That this woman was able not  only to survive, but to thrive and lead England into what many call the  realm's Golden Age, is nothing short of miraculous.<br />&quot;Elizabeth&quot;  is a film by Shekhar Kapur about the coming of age of what may have been  England's greatest monarch- Queen Elizabeth. It is an exceptional film  about an exceptional figure from history. Cate Blanchett is the title  character and she can only be described as brilliant in the role. Her  character goes from terrorized to uncertain to confidant, from a beautiful  and vibrant young woman to a cold and cruel Queen. Blanchett pulls off the  performance in spades. This is an actress with some serious talent.<br />I  also enjoyed Geoffrey Rush's performance as Elizabeth's loyal advisor. Rush  is a talented actor (&quot;Shine&quot;, &quot;Shakespeare In Love&quot;)  who pulls off the part with relish- cold, menacing, calculating.<br />I found  the dark conspiracy against Elizabeth that dominated the second half of the  film took away, somewhat, from the overall feel of the film. The second  half of the film is, to a certain extent, Rush's film. This is not a bad  thing, mind you, but the second half of the film leaves Elizabeth reacting  to events more than initiating them. Casting-wise Joseph Fiennes and  Richard Attenborough turn in good performances as Elizabeth's lover and  principle advisor.<br />&quot;Elizabeth&quot; is, on the balance, anamazing  film about a difficult historical figure to pin down. The strengths of this  film are in its two leads- Blanchett and Rush are both outstanding. See  this movie for their performances alone.
6304383827|4.0|I am 16 years old and a great fan of Jane Austen's works, Emma being my favorite of her novels.  This movie was an extremely beautiful production, with an attractive cast and beautiful setting.  Praise must especially go  to Jeremy Northam and Sophie Thompson for their portrayals of Mr Knightly  and Miss Bates.<br />Gwyneth Paltrow, in the title role, has the beauty of  Emma, and played her rather well, but I felt that she could have done more  with the role.<br />My biggest complaint about this movie is how much detail  they leave out.  Many of the best, and most subtle, scenes of the book were  left out, making it inferior to the BBC version.  I also found the comedy  to be contrived and out of place, quite unnecessary.<br />Still, this movie is  one of my favourites, light hearted and beautiful.  Far superior to the  mess named Clueless, and quite worth spending the time to watch it.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Simply a masterpiece - for its time and times to come. Kevin outdid himself.
0446525537|3.0|I enjoyed Nicholas Sparks' first book - I found it romantic with an unpredictable outcome.  Unfortunately, he has discovered a new formula, which disallows genuine emotion from the reader since the plot is so  pedestrian.  This read like a plot from a radio series in the 40's.  It was  vaguely entertaining on an elemental level, but not at all  thought-provoking.  I'm surprised the plot stayed with me long enough to  write this review.
0792833236|5.0|I rented this movie on DVD, and I agree that the DVD widescreen is false advertisement. I can't believe MGM would do something like this. Even though it's one the best films ever made, fans would still like to see it  on it's true widescreen format. I've been hearing that good movies such as  &quot;American Pie&quot; and &quot;The Good, Bad, and Ugly&quot; are also  widescreen phonies. I would make sure before purchasing these movies on  DVD. The &quot;Raging Bull&quot; DVD doesn't even have any special features  on it.
B000000OEI|5.0|Sometimes a score will make a picture. Hans Zimmer's score for &quot;Crimson Tide&quot; makes this, hands down, one of my favorite films. The music is perfect- moody, claustrophobic, tense. Listening to this  soundtrack you can almost feel the tension on screen. Zimmer has done a  rare thing- taken you into a movie with just music. Outstanding stuff.
B00000J7A2|5.0|And she's really nice. But listening to her sometimes gets on my nerves. Listening to Safe as Milk never does.<br />I usually get fed up with even my favourite albums. But I can listen to this as much as I like and it still  feels like my first time. I bought the re-master, but it's not that much  better than the original. Forget the bonus tracks and go back to Sure 'Nuff  'n Yes I Do and listen again.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Short and sweet:<br />Cretu's use of Orf's O' Fortuna shows the world how sampling SHOULD be done.  Each Enigma CD has a &quot;theme&quot; and &quot;O'Fortuna&quot; is the theme of this one.  This is one of Cretu's  best works yet.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|Enjoyed this album more then their previous one.  I am very happy with my buy and play the album often.  It has many catchy tunes.  I would describe the album as up tempo.
B000003TA4|4.0|Nirvana, revolutionaries of modern rock. You have to like this CD. It's got everything. But I disagree with the fact that you either love it or hate it. I dont love it or hate it. I like it. It WAS worth the money  though. So buy it. You will like it too! Huh? Ya.
B00000J2L7|4.0|I saw this with my dad as a kid and enjoyed it. I have probably seen it 20 times since then (I'm a big kid now) and it never gets old. Peter Sellers' acting is just great, along with the all star cast (when they were young).  The movie begins a little slowly but picks up. One of the best things I  like about it are all the small funny innuendos throughout the film. A must  see film (video).
6305531412|4.0|The King Kong of &quot;live&quot; animation.  Still the bes
B000002KD9|5.0|I'm forty and Neil has been my favourite 23 years ago. I like very much this album, like many others. Its best songs to me are Tell my why, I believe in you and Birds (really sentimental song).  I want to have got  American stars and bars but you haven't. Like a hurricane is to me the best  of Neil's
B000000OY9|4.0|Not great Neil Young, but one of his most experimental albums. Anyone would have a problem following a string of classic albums, but Neil gives it a good try with this album.It was hard to get used to the  synthesizer-heavy sounds, but it grew on me after a few rounds on the CD  player. The standouts are &quot;Weight of the World&quot;, &quot;Hippie  Dream&quot; and &quot;Pressure&quot;. If you're not a Neil Young fan, do  not start with &quot;Landing on Water&quot;. Start with &quot;Everybody  Knows This Is Nowhere&quot; or &quot;Harvest&quot;, or better yet  &quot;Decade&quot;. If you are a fan, try it. It is possibly the cheapest  Neil Young album available. It is not for all tastes, though.
0684872153|5.0|I found this story so riveting that I could not put it down! Mr. McCourt tells his sometimes painful story with such enthusiasm and childlike innocence that I felt at times like I was there with him in the slums of  New York and Limerick.  The idea that anyone could live through his  childhood and yet retain his sense of humor and humble and loving  perspective of life is amazing.  A truly wonderful book!
B000002LRX|5.0|I have activily listened to music for about two years now. Believe me, I've heard about every kind of stuff there is on market. I've been very enthusiastic about Sabbath albums, Tom Waits, Zappa, Rage Against The  Machine, Therapy?, Nirvana, Korn, even Oasis. BUT, this album has always  managed to top them all. It is very hard to discribe the feelings I get  from listening to this album. Mike Patton sings better than ever, Jim  Martin shows why he HAD to be on this album, Billy Gould, Roddy Bottum and  Puffy Bordin give their great share of talent. The result is a collapse of  styles, emotions... a true masterpiece. It should always be easy to  critisise albums, but after you've put this album into your cd(vinyl?) -  player, you just can't find anything noterable to complain about. I know  this isn't the first album to start your musichobby, because it is really  experimental... I'm sorry, this review dos not equal the quality of the  musivc it is about, because , well... HEAR IT !    top tracks here are: 1.  Midlife Crisis , 10 out of 10 2. Everything's Ruined, 10 3. Caffeine, 10 4.  Jizzlobber, 10 5. Easy, 9 6. Kindergarten, 9 7. Land Of Sunshine, 9 8.  Smaller And Smaller, 9 9. Crack Hitler ,9 10. RV , 9 11. A Small  Victory, 9 (could actually be higher) 12. Malpractice, 9 13. Be Aggressive  ,9 14. Midnight Cowboy, 9 12.
B0000025ZF|5.0|I'm sorry but Sal Nudo is simply incorrect about this record. In fact I could measure the worth of another human by their appreciation of this item.<br />THIS MUSIC IS AN AMAZING PIECE OF ART!  Yes, it's one long slow  song (save for the title track) that's a bit scant in the melody  department. But it's also a sublime, emotionally charged excursion into a  fantastic surreal dream world. Instrumental performances by Clapton,  Sandborn and Newmark are not to be missed.<br />Go buy this record!
078061755X|5.0|I loved this film very very much. I have had the most wonderful opportunity to meet the Helfgotts, and I've &quot;got to be grateful&quot; (to quote David) that this movie allowed me to do that. Although parts of  it were changed, and others were created for theatrical effect, it remains  true to David's wonderful spirit.
039472903X|5.0|If your in the advertising field, it is imperative to grab a copy. This book is the only book that tells you about the real advertising industry. It's fun, informative, creative, provocative and full of surprises. Ogilvy  isn't only a genius but a master of his craft.
B000002NG7|4.0|Faith No More was probably the most ambitious, and, without doubt, THE most innovative, group of it's time. Mike Patton is undeniably the most talented rock vocalist, and as musicians in general they were majestic  indeed. While The Real Thing featured poppy and fresh funk-based hard rock,  reminding me of Hawaiji or somesuch place, Angel Dust being THE one (  reminding me of North Pole etc.) and King For A Day... showing off the  multitalented and versatile group of professionals (London / Chicago), this  piece of music seems somehow a little serious. Sure, it is a very, very  good piece of music, offering better production compared to previous album.  There are some real classics here, such as Helpless, Collision, Last Cup Of  Sorrow and Ashes To Ashes. But somehow there are signs from the forthcoming  breakup, music being serious. Even Mike Patton, the nuttball sounds little  unenthusiastic here and there. Still, a very, very high quality music  release (most of the time, at least). Try it, YOU'll love it!
B0000028UK|4.0|&quot;Vs.&quot; is Pearl Jam's sophomore debut and their heaviest album, or at least their most consistently rocking one.  The album is much better  than the meandering &quot;Ten&quot; (although it is still a bit  two-dimensional), and it showed that Pearl Jam was worthy of becoming the  peak of 90's rock'n'roll.<br />The album opens with some killer power rockers,  &quot;Go&quot; and &quot;Animal&quot;.  They're both anti-commercial and  non-stop, with Stone Gossard and Mike McCready doing their normal guitar  heroics and Eddie Vedder bellowing about five-against-the world and the  flaws of humanity.  They get an eight on the head-banging scale.<br />The rest  of the album is made up of some good tunes.  Pearl Jam decided to become  more politically correct, raging against guns (the great &quot;Glorified  G&quot;) and police brutality (the too-long &quot;White Male  American&quot;).  There are some more rockers (&quot;Blood&quot;,  &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot;), some &quot;Ten&quot;-like songs  (&quot;Leash&quot;, &quot;Dissident&quot;), some more attacking humanity in  general (&quot;Rats&quot;), and finally the brilliant semi-acoustic ballads  (&quot;Daughter&quot; and &quot;Elderly Woman Behind a Counter in a Small  Town&quot;).<br />Now that I've said all the good things about the album, I  must find the flaws.  Vedder's lyrics are still OK at best (they would  improve on later albums).  The band's rythym section is still weak at  times.  And, of course, some songs (&quot;White Male American&quot; and the  closer &quot;Indifference&quot;) are much too long.<br />&quot;Vs.&quot; is  overall a solid album, and I would recommend it as a first buy to anyone  trying out Pearl Jam.  I just wish that it still had the sales record,  instead of giving it up to the wimpy Backstreet Boys and the egotistical  Garth Brooks.
B000021XS0|5.0|Absolutely mindblowing concept!  I am thoroughly satisfied by the secrecy, time delay, and waiting for this album for it is a masterpiece of modern progressive rock.  I do like good old fashioned rock and roll, speed metal,  thrash metal, some blues and I have an appreciation for classical music.   Being a musician, I can understand the extremes this album goes to.  But I  could never dream of replicating it!  This is impossible music.  And yet  they go on tour and play it flawlessly every night!  I hold a special  category for these guys, and wait nervously for them to come to town.
B000003C51|5.0|This cd is the greatest cd of all of his cd's.  My favorites are Midnight,Hill of the Skull because of it's victory sound.  Surfing with the Alein#1 is great after the second stream of spaceships has passed by.  I  like Ice 9 a lot, and I like Crushing Day.  This album has very good  special affects.  It's one of the greatest  albums I have ever.  I love it.
B0000027RL|5.0|Green River spawned Mother Love Bone spawned Pearl Jam through a side project called Temple of the Dog.  I followed the whole path and thought the groups gained musical chops wiht each step.  I love all of the  recordings of the afformentioned, but TEN was the first one that sent me  reeling....<br />People laughed at me when I suggested Pearl Jam(this is  before ALIVE or JEROMY hit) because the name is silly...it just doesn't  sound so silly now because they are a household name.  The laughers always  quit laughing and sat down and listened when I would let the song BLACK do  my talking.  A song that is still as stirring as ever and emotionally  packed as ever.<br />This isn't my favorite Pearl Jam (Vitalogy is), but this  one changed it for me.  Eddie Vedder has undeniable passion flowing through  out every single song here.  UNDENIABLE.  Think back, remember the first  time you heard THAT VOICE?  It blew me away then, and really, still does.   For all the hype, through all the hype, and because of all of the hype,  Eddie is still the man, in my eyes.
B000002AZ8|5.0|I'm a huge Pearl Jam fan, but I'm a fair reviewer.  I look for weak spots, and I've given some of their albums fairly negative reviews.  However, &quot;Vitalogy&quot; is almost a masterpiece.  I highly recommend this  album to any casual Pearl Jam fan.<br />The album follows Pearl Jam's normal  formula; Vedder bellowing, McCready and Gossard playing their hearts out on  the guitars, and Ament doing his usual base heroics.  The rythym section- a  bit weak on past albums- shines here.  There are some great power rockers  (&quot;Spin the Black Circle&quot;, &quot;Whipping&quot;), angry low tunes  (&quot;Last Exit&quot;, &quot;Not For You&quot;), poppy rockers  (&quot;Cordouroy&quot;, &quot;Better Man&quot;), religion-influenced tunes  (&quot;Tremor Christ&quot;, &quot;Satan's Bed&quot;), and finally the best  soft song they've ever done (&quot;Nothingman&quot;).  &quot;Bugs&quot; is  a brilliant accordian song, and &quot;Prye, To&quot; is a song I chant  every day about the struggles of fame.  &quot;Aye Davanita&quot; is just a  catchy little instrumental.<br />The album is almost a masterpiece.  They  misstep once (&quot;Hey Foxymophandelemama, That's Me&quot;), because the  song is way too long.  However, it  has some killer instrumental  heroics.<br />Buy this album.  Right now.  After two or three listens, you'll  love it!
B0000203YT|5.0|Okay, we all know that Will Shakespeare probably didn't have an affair with a noblewoman named Viola, but so what? This movie portrays the &quot;greatest love story almost never told&quot; in a wonderfully  enjoyable format. The costumes are magnificent, the acting is superb, and  not to mention the actual performance of &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; is  top-rate. My performing arts group actually used it as an example for how  to perform Shakespeare. A must-see, especially if you like the Bard and if  you can accept that the whole story isn't true.
B000003C51|5.0|This cd is the greatest cd of all of his cd's.  My favorites are Midnight,Hill of the Skull because of it's victory sound.  Surfing with the Alein#1 is great after the second stream of spaceships has passed by.  I  like Ice 9 a lot, and I like Crushing Day.  This album has very good  special affects.  It's one of the greatest  albums I have ever.  I love it.
B000002UAX|5.0|This isn't just a record, it's a statement, a work of art. It simply contains masterful music. From the chord complexities of &quot;Dear Prudence,&quot; to the baroque piano(played masterfully by McCartney) of  &quot;Martha My Dear,&quot; to the out and out blues of &quot;Yer  Blues,&quot; this record is truly a masterpiece. <br />I even like the so  called &quot;filler,&quot; like &quot;Bunngalo Bill,&quot; and &quot;Wild  Honey Pie.&quot; Harrison also scores big with &quot;Gently Weeps,&quot;  and &quot;Savoy Truffle,&quot; not to mention &quot;Long, Long, Long.&quot;  <br />This is a musical masterpiece. Buy it if for some reason you've not been  enlightened. Have a nice glass of Merlot with a beautiful woman and  groove....
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the best CD I've listened to in a long time. Every song on it is great! Each time I listen I find a new favorite song. There isn't a single one I'd skip past. It is my favorite CD of 1999 and there hasn't been one  out this year to replace it. I can't wait for their concert on April 5.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This is the best film I've seen since Cruel Intentions.  Watch out for the sub plot, it took me a while to work it out.  Extremely clever plot, I think Spacey was chosen by the casting director for a very good reason.   Curious?  Go buy the film.
0517122707|5.0|This book is perhaps the most consistently funny novel I have yet read. Toole had a fine sense of the absurd, wonderful characterization, and a keen ability with language. It is a true pity that this book was his last  effort. Arguably, it was his only effort; &quot;The Neon Bible&quot;, a  teenage effort 'discovered' some years later, reads as if it was from a  completely different writer. What a loss. (Should I sign this &quot;Tad,  your working boy&quot;? hmm... nah)
0440234743|4.0|I'm just a teacher, not a literary critic; however, I've read all of Grisham's books and I find this one enlightening. His characters were hilarious and I know some rich heirs that act just like he stated.  I also  have a tremendous amount of faith in God and when Rachel Lane teaches Nate  to pray - chills overcame me.  I do believe that people who have been  through rehab four times can change.  Once again the ending was very  unexpected like The Partner, which is one of my favorites.  I hope you  liked this one as much as I did.  I thought Josh Stafford was a great,  trusting friend.  I hope I am that lucky.
B000007T1M|4.0|Wow! What an interesting CD! I have to strongly disagree with a previous reviewer, what impressed me so much about this disc is how much BETTER these guys are than the current crop of pretenders: static x, powerman  5000, etc. Brutally powerful and unique. The most interesting heavy music  cd i've heard since the last Tool album. If you're disenchanted with the  current state of heavy music(Limp Bizkit, et al), try System of A Down. I  think you'll be very impressed!
6304983778|2.0|If you are a conneuisseur of bad movies, then this one's for you. Dudley Moore, a fine Brit actor, is totally wasted(must have been the money) as an elf who leaves Santa's workshop and gets sucked in by an evil, corrupt  toymaker BZ(played by John Lithgow of THIRD ROCK FROM THE SUN fame!) who  wants to commercialise Christmas for his own ends. Well, this bit sounds  familiar, note the media tycoons who hype parents into beating each other  up over the hottest toys(Ho-ho-ho)(Oh dear, groan, bad joke). One could say  that was one of the movie's merits, being ahead of its time! I give it two  stars also because it is a very colourful film for young children who don't  have half a brain to realise that Tim Allen's recent THE SANTA CLAUSE is  far more enjoyable and answers more questions about kid's interests in  Santa Claus at that time of the year . . . Never mind. And I thought  MYSTERY MEN sucked . . .
0688101364|3.0|I found this book disappointing compared to the Cake Bible. I have worked extensively with both books and the Cake Bible's recipies are far more sound.  I am a huge fan of Beranbaum's work but the cookies just don't  taste nearly as good as the cakes do.
0393312836|5.0|Once you get over the language barrier (and you do after a while), this book is a pretty quick read.  However, do not let that overshadow the significance of the book. I read it for the first time in high school and  it is still one of my favorites.  The last chapter is not &quot;new&quot;-  it was deleted at first from the American printing (on which Kubrik based  his film). The last chapter, in my eyes, ultimately forces the question  around which Burgess wrote the book. On my AP English exam some years ago,  I wrote that the final chapter was a happy ending, and I got a perfect  score on the exam. If all you can see is the violence or the language, this  book is way above your level.
0062513346|4.0|In this book coelho talks much more directly to his readres. If you are emerged in his world you will find this book as a friend relating his own experiences. if you are not into mistiques of this nature you will gather a  lot of info about it. You may even go so far as to develope a more keen  interest into this world. I can't call myself a believer yet I can say that  after reading this book I would like to know more about the world that was  presented here.
0694519928|5.0|This is the most direct, &amp; simply presented help-guide we have found to immediately improve your relationship.<br />Get the audio version for maximum intake &amp; sharing with your partner.    It is amusingly  presented, &amp; immediately helpful &amp; beneficial to both men &amp;  women.
6305350205|1.0|What's wrong with this phrase &quot;William Shatner, Film Amateur&quot;? Yeah, you just figured out what's wrong with this film.<br />STAR TREK V is the worst Trek ever. Control was transferred to Shatner because of a  contractual obligation. That's not a good reason to make someone producer,  director, writer.<br />At one time, STAR TREK was about the story of the  voyages of the Starship Enterprise and a wonderful mission to push out the  boundaries of human knowledge and wisdom. This flick is to show off Shatner  as a horseman and a climber of rocks. Jeez, James T. Kirk was NEVER that  kind.<br />Come on, retire this tired old cast. The stories in the current  STAR TREK TV series are a purer form of Trek than ANY of these sorry films  have ever been.
6304994540|5.0|If you enjoy the Coen brothers' movies, you will love The Big Lebowski.  This fun movie includes over the top acting by John Goodman, great dialogue, interesting scenes and an elliptical plot line.  Well worth  seeing several times.
6305169187|1.0|Terrible acting, directing, and script. Everybody in this &quot;movie&quot; overacts terribly.The &quot;emotional&quot; scenes are so terribly overdone (with terrible dialogue) that it's hard to watch - just  like the rest of the movie. This movie will give you a headache, not just  because of the terrible performances and script but the camerawork - it's  constantly moving! Almost all the cuts last only a few seconds at best!  This movie is more stupid and meaningless than most action movies, mostly  because it tries to fool the audience into thinking there is more there  than there actually is - absolutely nothing! &quot;Armageddon&quot; is a  movie to be hated with immense passion.
B0000029J5|5.0|Keb'Mo'is like a modern reincarnation of the great Robert Johnson.His way to play this steel guitar is really a rich,cultural manifestation to the blues scenery!  This acoustic album is highly recomended for those people  that want to be in tune with the blues,for the first time!  Great  album,great vocal,great in all the ways!
078061755X|5.0|I agree with most of the reviews which follow. This is a 5-star movie from beginning to end. I just rented it for the second time (two years after first seeing it) and believe it would bear watching over and over. David's  father is a particularly interesting character. His relentless control of  his son (some type of warped and twisted love? hate? ? ) to excel at the  piano, and to 'keep the family together' is fascinating and scary. My late  father played beautiful piano (I am told by my mother)until he suffered a  schizophrenic break when I was an infant. Unlike David he never regained  this ability. 'Shine' suggests what the piano may have meant in his life.  Wonderful movie.
B000023VR6|1.0|The only relevance 2001 could ever have in a Dr. Dre title is to the fact that he says the same thing 2001 times: NOTHING!
B00003IPFK|1.0|When I found out this version of Lonesome Dove is abridged that made me immediately cancel my order. Every moment of the show is great; I'm not sure why anybody would want to leave out specific segments of the show.
0440539811|5.0|I'm serious.  Hit the kids with this book when they're say, 13 or 14, and you will:<br />1. Give them a much healthier view of sex and drugs than the government's trying to give them.<br />2.  Plant the seeds that will open them  to a whole range of excellent material, from Eco to Lovecraft.<br />3.  Give  them a cracking good read!<br />4.  Get them through the pseudo-intellectual  'What is reality'? stage and out the other side with a sense of humor,  instead of making them wait til they're in college and boring their friends  in coffeehouses.<br />5.  Self-referential joke points.
6305750750|1.0|When are people going to start carring extra hyperdrives?  In how many of the Star Wars movies did someone get stranded on a planet becasue of bad hyperdrives? It happended in Phantom Menace-it was constently happening to  Han Solo. You would think that if these things are so poorly made that they  always break, people would start carring spares!  But then again, what  would Lucus use to keep the characters where he wanted them.
B00000J7J4|5.0|When I first hear &quot;smooth&quot; I thought it was a tremendous song, but I thought that it was going to be the only good song from the album.  Well I just heard &quot;Maria Maria&quot;, and, let me assure you, it blew  me away as well.  I didn't know it was Santana until it was announced after  the song.  Man,this fusion of latin music and rock is stunning, and I'm  buying the album for at least these two songs.
0671042858|5.0|I have read most of everything King has written. this was such a strange change. If I had been given it with out the authors name I would not have identified it with King. I was drawn into this childs life, she was not  only lost in the woods but also lost in the aftermath of a divorce. You  walk every step with her through the woods and her efforts to survive. You  follow the mystic love and belief she has in Tom Gordon. I felt the same  way about Norm Charlton, the Seattle Mariners closer, that faith that he  can save the day. I would hope my daughters would have the same mental  support system if ever placed in this situation. It is the first time I  have ever cried at the end of a Stephen King Book.
B0000067L3|4.0|With Cream's third album, the band presents its further evolution in the studio on one disc and a taste of its live prowess on the other.  Unfortunately, the album is uneven throughout, which is why it can't be  afforded truly &quot;classic&quot; status; astonishing moments sit  side-by-side with some mediocre ones.<br />On &quot;In the Studio&quot; you  get nine tracks that show Cream trying out new instrumentation and studio  tricks.  Unfortunately, this doesn't hide the fact that the material they  have to work with doesn't have a whole lot to offer.  If you strip away the  impeccable playing, you aren't really left with much in the way of SONGS.   Except for the blues numbers, the lyrics are pretty dated and meaningless  (check out &quot;Passing the Time&quot; and &quot;Pressed Rat and  Warthog&quot;).  The production sounds hollow and sterile, taking away from  the impact of the music (compare the production to that of the Jimi Hendrix  Experience).  Above all this, though, you get the remarkable &quot;White  Room&quot; along with the solid &quot;Politician.&quot;<br />&quot;Live at the  Fillmore&quot; captures Cream in their element: Clapton, Bruce, and Baker  onstage displaying their virtuosity on guitar, bass, and drums on blues  numbers stretched to the limit.  Simply put, &quot;Crossroads&quot;  features some of the greatest guitar soloing caught on record with amazing  interplay from Bruce and Baker topped off with exuberant vocals from  Clapton.  &quot;Spoonful&quot; is their magnum opus: nearly 17 fearsome  minutes of dense, turbulent jamming.  Although &quot;Toad&quot; proves why  Ginger Baker makes the short list for greatest drummers, both  &quot;Toad&quot; and &quot;Traintime&quot; (featuring Baker and Bruce,  respectively) are ultimately dispensable.<br />Despite the fact that the album  lacks cohesiveness, it's still an excellent one to get.
B000002P2W|4.0|The Who's first mid-life crisis album contains more good cuts than their later ones. &quot;Slip Kid&quot; is one their best (I always loved the count-off at the beginning); we hear a slightly older and more cynical  Pete/Roger trying to tap into the spirit of youthful rebellion in the face  of creeping middle age. John Entwistle's &quot;Success Story&quot; is a  bouyant autobiographical song of the band. &quot;Squeeze Box&quot; has some  nice banjo work on it and sounds like the obvious choice for a single  (which it was). Pete breaks out the ukulele on the very pretty &quot;Blue,  Red, and Grey&quot; and &quot;Dreaming From The Waist&quot; is a tough  rocker with some okay lyrics about sexual frustration. In truth, the rest  of the album is pretty depressing. &quot;However Much I Booze&quot; sounds  more upbeat than it should, while &quot;They Are All In Love&quot; and  &quot;Imagine A Man&quot; are as bleak as they come. Although it's clear  that the excesses of rock stardom were starting to wear them down, the  playing is still inspired. By the time &quot;Who Are You&quot; came out,  Keith Moon seemed to have lost a step and The Who would soon lose the  chaotic drumming frenzy that was the band's driving engine. WHO BY NUMBERS,  while over all too darkly self-confessional in tone to make for a  consistently enjoyable listen, has some some fine moments and is way better  than anything The Stones were putting out at the time (if you want to put  it in some sort of context).
6301016289|5.0|Gordon Gecko (Michael Douglas) commands the attention and respect of not only the characters in the movie, but the audience as well.  The viewer gets captivated into the seduction of a high rolling lifestyle and can  understand Buddy's (Charlie Sheen) desire to become one of the sharks.  A  true tale of a hungry starter in the biggest business in the world becoming  what he's always dreamed of becoming, although under false foundation.   Buddy soon realizes that his foundation and backing does not equal that of  Gecko's which lands him and his dreams alongside each other duing his quick  downfall.  A Power Broker's Pawn or the Hungry Young Broker not reassuring  his meteroic rise?  You decide!  A MUST SEE for ANY business person!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|This record is nothing but packaging over substance. Jennifer Lopez really cannot sing, and the music contained on these tracks is so formulaic, that it will all soon be forgotten, thank goodness.<br />While some artists have,  in the past, played off of a sexy image (such as Mick Jagger, Jim Morrison,  Blondie, Madonna, Prince, D'Angelo, Foxy Brown, etc.), or used erotic  images on record covers (The Ohio Players, Roxy Music, The Cars), the  image, in each case, was a means of getting the public's attention on these  performers' musical substance. But in the case of Jennifer Lopez, with her  attention grabbing sexy CD cover photo, there is little if any substance  beneath the surface; and even the surface is manufactured, with this photo  looking as airbrushed as any given month's Playboy Playmate of the  Month.<br />I only wish that everyone who considers buying this lightweight  product would instead buy something by Celia Cruz, a true Latin female  musical artist, whose records will live on.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This is the most overrated album of all time. But what can you expect, its Limp Bizkit.  They were bound to tap into the minds of all the MTV damaged viewers.
B000001GOZ|5.0|Boulez's tempi are faster than usual, which makes for a very spirited, fun performance. Mahler 6 is the only Mahler for which I have multiple recordings, and this recording is the best by a pretty wide margin. I strongly disagree that the von Dohnanyi recording is better, and it being a bargain is no reason for favoring it. I wrote my thesis on Mahler 6, and this is the best recording of it that I have come across.
0393039765|5.0|Ever wonder why people shackle themselves to society's pillars?  We wear watches because it tell's us where we have to be or what we have to do.  We have electronic diaries and mobilephones that drag our human spirit further  into the clutches of modern society. <br />This book opens your eyes to our  human self.  The people we are and not the people society wants us to be.   Mr Palahniuk (love that name)takes us on a mindblowing experience and a  refreshing one at that.<br />Best read in conjunction with &quot;The Dice  Man&quot; by Luke Rhinehart for maximum impact!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|The thing that I always enjoyed about this album was its positivity, something that doesn't seem to afflict alot of bands these days. Having spent a good part of 1999 living in the Westway area of London (where I  suspect alot of the Clash's first three albums were inspired by), I have a  even greater appreciation of this album. Walking the streets of Portobello  Market always use to remind me of that line in Rudie Can't Fail - &quot;  ...I went to the markets to realise my soul...&quot;. Oh incidently, I read  an article awhile back which recounts a conversation that Joe had with a  skinhead in Germany. Apparently the guy hated London Calling because he use  to find his grandmother bopping away to it in her kitchen. A sell out  maybe. Well personally I could'nt think of a greater compliment. Hey I  would also personally recommend the Montogomery Cliff biography which  inspired the album track   - The Right Profile.
B00000I07R|3.0|This is the last good Bon Jovi albun, the last with bass player Alec John Such. IT has good songs, always with the romantic lyrics, but it makes good rock and roll!  After that, came the disgusting &quot;These Days&quot; and  nothing was the same anymore.
B000007T1M|4.0|a fantastic example of the how inventive and original metal can be, stands out from the crowd. `Suite Pee' would be my pick of the bunch, complete with its great intro.
078062789X|1.0|Bad acting, bad story, and a bad idea
B00000JCOV|3.0|The musics fine, fierce aggressive metal with hints of other genres, but are these guys still going to be ponsing around in costumes when their 10th album comes out? It just all seems childish to me and drags the image of  metal back many years. Mind you, its a gimmick which works as i've just  bought a ticket to their concert...
B00000JYGX|5.0|I saw the Notre Dame CDs in the stores in France, and, as I had never heard of this musical, I didn't think much of it.  When I got back to the States, one of my friends was playing the music from it, and I borrowed her  CD (the 1-CD version).  I could not believe how incredible it was!  Then I  borrowed the 2-CD set from her, and it was just as awesome!  I now own the  2-CD set.  The singers are awesome (Garou is rather raspy, but I guess that  goes with Quasimodo's character), and the songs have great tunes.  It is a  very intense musical, though I'm told the book is even more intense.  I  like the duets and trios (&quot;Belle&quot; &amp; &quot;Beau comme le  soleil&quot;).  The singers blend incredibly.  Of the other songs,  Esmeralda's songs (&quot;Bohmienne&quot;, &quot;Phoebus&quot; &amp;  &quot;Vivre&quot;) are particularly beautiful.  Quasimodo's lament  &quot;Danse mon Esmeralda&quot; is heartbreaking!  Notre-Dame de Paris is  one powerful musical, both in the music and in the plot, and I hope it  comes to Seattle soon.  This is one awesome recording, especially if you  know French.  If not, just get it for the music.  Or wait for the English  version.
B00000K19E|1.0|This is the only DVD I have come across so far that will not play on a Mac equipped with DVD.  The fine print on the back of the box says so!  I also tried it and it's true; it simply doesn't work!  Pretty sad if you have one  of those nifty IMac DV machines.<br />For a film  about a computer hacker  exposing and breaking down the establishment, this is really  ironic!<br />Don't get me wrong; I love The Matrix.  In fact I think it was  definitely better than The Phantom Menace.  Nevertheless I forced to give  it one star because it is the only DVD I have come across so far that won't  play on a Macintosh.
0201633612|4.0|Anyone seriously interested in the subject matter of this book should also take a look at Pattern Oriented Software Architecture: A System of Patterns by Frank Buschmann et al.
B00000I41J|5.0|What could be better then Cannonball Adderley and Miles Davis? Not much. This CD is great. Besides the horns Art Blakey plays some good drum patterns and as the amazon reviewer pointed out Hank Jones voices well. I  think that all of Davis' solos are well played, what amazes me a lot of  times on the album (and all around) is how simple Davis' solos are  sometimes. There simple, but stylistically innovative (for the time) and  just plain nice to listen. I would buy this CD even if jazz isn't a major  part of your life.
0515127485|4.0|I loved this book, even the ending others have found ridiculous or straining credibility. It was a flight of historical fantasy, yes, but it is not impossible and a riveting story. But there's one flaw that's  bothered me in the months since I read it - Fluke passes the stadium where  Russia is playing somebody in soccer. The game is tied, goes into overtime,  and ends 3-2. But hey! International soccer goes into overtime very, very  rarely - only in certain playoff matches - and tied games end tied 99% of  the time. This could have been the 1997 Italy-Russia playoff, but that  didn't go into overtime. Was this just an edit made for Americans? Or did  Harris really not know how the game works? Either way, I found that to be a  bothersome, insulting part of an otherwise excellent novel.
B000002LE6|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums ever released period.  The music is uplifting, funky, sensual and most of all genius.  Prince is in peak performance on this album, tracks such as the funky Alphabet St., the  sensual When 2 R in Love, the funk jam Dance on, the uplifting Positivity,  the imaginative I wish u heaven and the Masterpiece Anna Stesia are the  Gems of the album.  This album proves what anyone who has listened to  Prince's music already knows..the man is a genius and his only competition  is with himself, Stevie Wonder, Sly Stone, James Brown, Hendrix, Curtis  Mayfield, Miles D. and Marvin Gaye.  Amazingly this album isn't his  best..Check out Sign O the times for that....Simply Amazing..If u love good  music u have to purchase this one.
1558908358|4.0|This film is excellent. If you own the DVD format, it's worth it (compared to VHS). Tron is a must for any true sci-fi fan. While the film may not have been a blockbuster in '82 it's strength comes from it's special  effects, which was at a time when computers were not prevalent in effects  technology. The DVD version offers everyone(weather you've seen Tron before  or not)the chance to see the film in a high definition, widescreen form. If  not for the hair style, clothing, and arcade influence of the period, you  almost forget that it was released in 1982. Check it out!
0380715430|5.0|So what if Bill Bryson makes a few errors? The book consists of entertaining and fun discussions on the history of English, including the waves of influences on the language. He shows, for example,  that Old  English included a number of features of current languages, such as a use  of gender (a male word for female genitalia?), and varieties of case-forms.  Over the centuries, however, these complications have died out, only to be  replaced by spelling and pronunciation difficulties. He makes a point that  language is a living thing and that organizations and governments should  not try to direct its development, because such directions are almost  always futile. Thought-provoking, particularly for all sometime-students of  language.
B000021Y77|5.0|'Run Lola Run' was one of the best movies of 1999, IMHO. The creativity behind everything from the plot twists, to the music (the soundtrack, by the way, is fantastic!), to the animated cut-ins, to the soccer analogy  absolutely blew me away! This movie is pure fun and excitement; don't miss  it!
0451169514|5.0|This ain't the clown your mama took you to see at the circus.  This one is downright scary!  What a great book!  The movie wasn't too bad either, until they totally blew the ending.  Tim Curry was awesome as Pennywise.   I've never liked clowns and Stephen King proves my point, they are really  creepy.<br />The only King book better then this one is The Stand (the best  book of all time).  Don't let the number of pages scare you away from this  one, it's worth every page.<br />The characters are very well written and  you'll be cheering for most of them, except for that creepy clown.  But  you'll love his total evilness too.<br />You should read this book when you  have some time off because you won't be able to put it down.  Just stock up  on munchies and lock the door.
B00000JGEF|5.0|This the best Preditor film!  It's even better than Preditor 2!  Arnold is excellent!  The Preditor Alien is BETTER than the Alien from the movie Alien!  Awsome graphics,for an 80's movie!,cool bloody gore!,and it's a  little scarey!  The ending is so cool!  It has cool weapons from a M-16  Machine Gun with an Grenade Launcher!,to a powerful Chain Gun!,and to a  deadly Laser Cannon! A MUST get film!
6305750750|2.0|The Star Wars series deserved better than this drivel.  Perhaps Lucas shouldn't be allowed to run with this ball by himself.<br />While most of the ILM computer graphics were impressive, the inane characters like Jar-Jar  and the young Darth made the 4th movie nauseating.  Not to mention that  Jar-Jar is an offensive, thinly veiled Rasta step-n-fetch stereotype.  And  where did Lucas get off turning the FORCE into some internal parasites.  He  apparently was trying to turn this part of the Star Wars myth into some  sort of Judeo-Christian chlorophyll.  I don't need Hollywood to instill  moral character through artifical religion based on viral infections.   Bleeechhh!
0446525537|5.0|A Walk to Remember has a message that is impossible to miss.  It has a sweet simplicity that is lacking in other books.  I am a high school teacher, and the way the main characters are written identifies completely  with teenagers then and now.  It was a novel that teenagers should read to  see that if they succumb to peer pressure, they can miss life's sweetest  moments.  Landon followed his heart and his conscience, and consequently,  found love, life's true meaning, and shaped the man he was to become.  He  learned his lesson in life young.  Kids today think they are invincible and  have all the time in the world.  This book showed that time is of the  essence and they should seize each day and savor every moment of it.  I  truly loved this book.  It moved me.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I had eagerly anticipated the release of this. Initially, I did not get to hear it, and was even more excited after the hype. By recruiting artists from a variety of sub-genres to work with a man w/ great name recognition,  Sr. Santana and the label tried to and succeeded in selling a zillion  albums. Great marketing ploy. Bad music ploy. Well, it goes to show that  hype doesn't mean a hill of beans. This CD was extremely disappointing.  After all, Eric Krapton's (no coincidence that this washed-up Anglo retread  guitarist helped Carlos with a track) &quot;If I See You In Heaven&quot;  also received hype and awards, and it was a terrible CD. Eric Krapton  should have hung up his guitar in the early 70s. At least Carlos has still  got the skills. He needs to get Greg Rollie and a tight band back, and  produce more consistent music.
B000002H1T|2.0|It appears that The Cars let commercial factors drive the substance of this album, user-friendly musical pablum -- instantly familiar, mostly forgettable.  As so often happens, this kind of sell-out was one step away  from the end of the group.  And what a shame, after their remarkable first  three albums.  I do like &quot;Stranger Eyes&quot;, which is more like the  material on the earlier CD's.
0964385619|5.0|Simple and to the point - IF You're satisfied with the way your life is, financially, that's O.K. IF You want to change, in a big way, it would help to know the rules that apply, especially in the Information Age. And here  is as good a place to get started as any. For those who opt to read this  book, Enjoy the trip.
0312853238|5.0|This book is the best book I have ever read!  I am only 14 years old and I loved it.  My whole family thought that this book was terrific!  I have read it twice.  Normally I am not a science fiction fan but I loved this  book!  Buy a copy!
B000031WD9|2.0|I really don't get it. High reviews and best-seller for weeks in a row. This is a movie for adults to relieve their frustration for not having experienced life at it's best when they had a chance to. Any teen-ager  should look at it with despise and a grin in the face, for they know  better. Not much of a comedy, the gags just barely make it. Or maybe it's  just the fact that I am not American and missed it all together...Certainly  not worth even the ticket for the theater, let alone the DVD price.
1884822312|5.0|At the end of the day, the only way to improve at Chess is no different than getting to Carnagie Hall...practice! practice! practice!  This book is purely a drill manual and therein lies Polgar's genius.  By working through  a large number of move scenerios, the chess mind is developed like any  other muscle.  This is the way to get better!
B000002BBY|4.0|My review is actually about a three and a half. It doesn't deserve a harsh three but does not deserve a four either.  Oasis's What's the story (Morning glory) is a great album but it has no creativity to it.  I can  here Beatle music slightly changed all over the C.D.  The same upbeat and  then mellow tunes can be found all over The White Album, Sgt. Pepper's, and  Abbey Road.  Never the less this is the best of the Oasis collection.   Don't buy this album if you want something fresh and new.  If you really  dont care where they get their music from buy it.  But I would personally  want the real thing.
0151001634|5.0|I loved this book. It has totally changed my perspective on mentally retarded people.
6302548195|5.0|This was a great movie, I was fortunate enough to find a copy of it at a local movie store.  It seems that the movie is not going to be re-released which is very stupid.  This is my favorite movie and wish they would put it  out on DVD.  If you are in to weight lifting you will love this movie.
630575067X|5.0|I am a huge Star Wars fan, and I can tell you this one was as good as Return of the Jedi! nuff said
B00000JMQC|5.0|This movie is so much better than The Wizard of Oz you wouldn't believe it.  Fairuza Balk is the best dorothy there ever was...not to mention the new characters introduced in this movie (esp. Belina).  The Gnome King is  much more cunning and subtle thant he wicked witch.  In conclusion this  movie is stupendous and everyone should see it...if you don't like it, well  I can't even think of such a thing.
B000002J20|5.0|This is it! The pinnacle of the progressive rock movement.  Its intent is the same as that of classical music -- to challenge and move the listener toward new feelings and thoughts. It is not for those who want to swig a  6-pack and boogie to rock and roll, and its not for rags like rolling stone  magazine, and its not for people who want to fully comprehend their music  on the first listening.  People who want to be spoon-fed drivel that  follows preconceived formulas called it pretentious because Yes had the  gall to make original, creative music that require multiple listenings to  fully comprehend and enjoy. To each his or her own.  This CD is for people  interested in intense, powerful, and spiritual music that takes you places  you have yet to imagine. The first piece is the ultimate musical trip, the  second is full of beauty, the third remains the most incredible and  adventurous piece of music ever produced by a &quot;rock band&quot;, and  the fourth brings together joy and conflict culminating in perhaps the  finest ending to a piece of music imaginable, rivaled only by the end of  the first movement of Mahler's 9th and the end of Sibelius' 5th and 6th  symphonies. If you give it your full attention, you will enjoy this music  for a lifetime.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I recently saw this film, and straight away had to see it again. Everything from the moving yet funny script, to the performances of everyone involved could not have been better.  Direction too was excellent,  managing to guide the film without ever becoming intrusive.  This film is  definatley one to own and to be watched again and again.  Why aren't all  films this good?
B000002P9J|3.0|First of all, this CD was initially pressed with a severe digital glitch on the track &quot;It's in You&quot; - this was subsequently corrected on the US MCA copies, but not the European Polydor version.  So all you Euro  Who fans, buy yourselves the MCA pressing here at Amazon!<br />This is an  underrated album, and the CD remastering/remixing has greatly added to its  charms.  It was always better than WHO ARE YOU anyway (title track's good,  err... that's it), Moon or no Moon.  Yes, there is some fluff (&quot;Didn't  You Steal My Money&quot; is awful), but &quot;Another Tricky Day&quot;,  &quot;You Better You Bet&quot;, &quot;Daily Records&quot;, &quot;You&quot;  and the bonus &quot;Somebody Saved Me&quot; are all fine songs.  Heck, make  that 3-and-a-half stars - but please don't buy before you've acquired about  90% of the Moon-era stuff first, OK?
0679731377|4.0|When thinking about this story by Julian Barnes, I have found the issue of whether or not these ten and a half chapters constitute a novel impossible to avoid.  My understanding of the narrative tool known as the novel is  that it provides a writer with space--space to show life as it is, as it  was, as it is hoped to be, and as it is imagined.  The novel also presents  the writer with a unique opportunity to show a situation from a number of  perspectives.  In The History of the World in 10 1/2 Chapters, Barnes  has decided to present the human condition in relation to history as  revolving around the repitition of certain ideas and images: woodworm, the  raft of the Medusa and its representation by Gericault, Noah and his Ark,  bitumen, love, and the cyclical nature of history are just some of these  recurrences.<br />  If this novel were about a topic other than history--or  rather dominated by a topic other than history--I would paste upon it the  label of ten and a half short stories (sometimes essays) loosely connected  at times by a similar phrase (such as &quot;the clean and the  unclean&quot;), or creatures (such as woodworm).  But this is a story about  the history of the world and its relationship to humanity.  The topic  dictates the form.<br />  The half chapter, Parenthesis--thought I don't  know why it is placed where it is between Chapters 8 and 9--explains the  rhyme and reason of Barnes's endeavor.  Parenthesis provides some of the  most powerful insights and moments in the entire work, while giving (after  eight chapters of doubt) an explanation for the choice of form:  &quot;History isn't what happened.  History is just what historians tell  us.  There was a pattern, a plan, a movement, expansion, the march of  democracy; it is a tapestry, a flow of events, a complex narrative,  connected, explicable....images that burn for a few centuries and then  fade; stories, old stories that sometimes overlap; strange links,  impertinent connections.&quot;(240).  This is exactly what Barnes does in  his work.  He takes seemingly disparate tales and weaves and constructs  them around a few central facts, fabulations, conjectures, and images.  Parenthesis ends with an eloquent statment of how humanity can be more than  mere slaves to history: &quot;And so it is with love.  We must believe in  it, or we're lost.  We may not obtain it, or we may obtain it and find it  renders us unhappy; we must still believe in it.  If we don't, then we  merely surrender to the history of the world and to someone else's  truth&quot; (244).  Love is the answer--the one thing that can empower  humanity over history.<br />  The half chapter, for all of its excellent  insights into love, suffers from serious drag at a number of points;  however, this drag is somewhat alleviated by the accomplishment of the  section's language and thought.  The story is an enlightening experience  due to the high skill Barnes possesses in creating characters and their  worlds, and then going about that difficult task of writing a unique story  from different perspectives revolving around the same facts, fabulations,  and truths.<br />  Barnes's work is also a feast of technical proficiency.  The young writer, who may very well be put off by Barnes's style of  writing, will no doubt find a great benefit in reviewing the devices  employed throughout the work.  The chapters abound with the use of fist and  third person, sometimes even occuring in the same chapter (The Survivor).  And yes, even that rare beast known as point of view in the second person  makes an appearance, thought it is brief (no Bright Lights, Big City here,  just high competence in moving from one perspective to another).<br />  Of  course, a reader must deal with Barnes's caustic attitude towards religion,  where he often downplays or ignores its importance to community and  sprituality; however, there is validity in his arguments, especially when  it comes to the crippling effects of fundamentalism and how charity often  overshadows spirtuality.<br />  This is a novel well worth the effort.ects of fundamentalism and how charity often  overshadows spirtuality.<br />  This is a novel well worth the effort.
0312853238|5.0|I have to be honest I have not exactly finished it yet. I just found enough time when I was not reading it to write this report!   If you have not read this book,take my advice and READ THIS BOOK.
B000002UA2|4.0|I just finished listening to Obscured for the firt time and wish I'd bought it sooner. Though not all of it has that Floyd sound most newer fans know, it showcases why Floyd fans are Floyd fans. Listen to the  instrumental mudmen and the equally adept wot's...uh the deal and you'll be  instantly drawn in. Like the earlier Meddle and Saucerful of Secrets they  prove their musicianship in lyric and music witing. A friend of mine gave  me Pulse a few years ago but I wasn't really into Floyd. In the last 13  months I've bought eleven Floyd albums including Saucerful, Ummagumma,  Meddle and their more well known WYWH, Animals &amp; the Wall. I won't get  into the Waters/Gilmour controversey except to say that if you don't listen  to each album on its own then you'll never get what Floyd is. Try them all  and become a true Pink Floyd fan.
0812548094|5.0|Goodkind's second novel is a compelling piece of storytelling, full of all one could desire in an epic.  Be warned, however- this tale is not for the weak of mind.  A reader without the capacity to recognize the oh-so-subtle  allegories woven into the tale might find the novel lengthy and dull; its  charm is in its subtle ingenuity and casual wit.  The characters are deep  and real, and the unanticipated twists are truly heart wrenching  for those  of us who love them all so. I would warn against attempting this book  without reading its predecessor, Wizard's First Rule
B00001OH7T|3.0|Recorded in Philadelphia during the difficult \\"Diamond Dogs\\" tour, \\"Young Americans\\" is a record borne out of Bowie's fascination with American soul music at the time. Having shed himself of the Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin  Sane personas, a new clean-cut, more normalised Bowie was preparing to say  bye-bye to the Glam Rock he had helped so much to fashion. <br />Many of the  fans he had amassed from the Ziggy Stardust days were dismayed by their  hero's new direction and fled. Nevertheless, \\"Young Americans\\" proved to be  an influential album. Later coined \\"plastic soul\\", this type of white,  blue-eyed soul opened the door for many other acts.<br />The title track is  one of Bowie's best songs. Accompanied by a seductive sax, Bowie sings in  an urgent, almost breathless manner. This is essentially American life as  seen through an Englishman's eyes, and so the lyrics with their almost  cliched Americana never seem totally comfortable. On \\"Win\\", one of the  album's stronger tracks, Bowie sings: \\"If there's nothing to hide me/Then  you've never seen me hanging naked and wired\\" suggesting that we may  finally be getting a glimpse at the man beneath the make up, the real  Bowie. \\"Fascination\\", another of the albums better tracks was co-written by  a young Luther Vandross who was drafted in to assist on backing vocals. The  Beatles' &quot;Across The Universe&quot; is also given the disco treatment  but remains a rather lacklustre affair. \\"Fame\\", a song added onto the album  as an afterthought, was a result of a jam session in New York with friend  John Lennon. This wry commentary on the rock `n' roll lifestyle went  straight to number one in the US charts when it was released.<br />The  production is suitably slick throughout, but it all remains rather  extravagant and self-indulgent. There may be soul here, but unfortunately  there is not much body. But this record does at least demonstrate Bowie's  chameleon like ability to adopt and quickly learn different styles of music  and make them his own. Fortunately Bowie got this soul \\"fascination\\" out of  his system and moved on from here to perhaps his best period (see \\"Station  To Station\\" and the Eno trilogy).
B00000HZHS|5.0|I rate this album as one of the best albums of all time. Its absolutely amazing what kurdt does with his guitar in songs like &quot;radio friendly unit shifter.&quot; Its hard to tell if he's trying to get a message across  or if he's just looking for words to fill up the song. Whatever he's doing  its pretty damn funny. Behind the cool noises is VERY sophisticated and  creative music that tops anything he's ever done before.
B000021Y77|4.0|&quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is the first german film in years, that became a huge hit outside the teutonic territory, and rightly so. &quot;Lola rennt&quot; (original title) is an enormously entertaining fun ride that  starts at full speed and never lets up.<br />Unlike most films, this one tells  a story of 20 minutes in 80 minutes. The normal approach in movies is just  vice versa. The film can do this by telling the same story three times.  Each time, small details vary and that leads to an entirely different  conclusion of the story. This gives the film some weight in the intelectual  arena as well and makes it more than a technical triumph. The cast is  another plus. Franka Potente is now something of a star in Germany, as is  director Tom Tykwer. The media is already hailing him as a possible saviour  of the german film, which puts a lot of pressure on him.<br />&quot;Lola&quot;  is a picture that succeeds in being entertaining and thought-provoking.  There is little more one can expect from a movie. Gut gemacht, Herr Tykwer!
B00003CX95|5.0|Mel Gibson has done a truly incredible job with this film in both acting and directing roles.  I believe that Braveheart deserved to win the Academy Award for Best Motion Picture of 1995.  Since the release of Braveheart,  the interest in the life of Sir William Wallace as the Scottish National  Hero has increased at an exponential rate all over the world.  If you enjoy  watching great epics, then this film is for you.  Braveheart is outstanding  entertainment!
B00003W8NM|5.0|When I'm looking at the Top Ten list's of America's critics and the nominations of the DGA,WGA and all the other guilds and press associations, I terribly miss David Fincher's outstanding film &quot;Fight Club&quot;,  which is possibly the best film of 1999.<br />Not only is the film visualy  stunning, it is also very thought-provoking, wickedly funny and, above all,  extremely entertaining. Only few films managed to be so many things at  once. David Fincher, in my opinion one of the most exciting directors of  the decade, fills his movie with so many ideas that it would be sufficient  for three more movies, and they are not just gimmicks for their own sake,  they all mean something. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt are brilliant in the  leads and the soundtrack by the Dust Brothers fits perfectly to the  images.<br />Many reviewers thought the film was fascist. I think you can only  call this ridiculous, since that assumes Fincher sympathizes with Tyler  Durden's project mayhem. In fact, he invites us to form our own opinion,  like Stanley Kubrick did in &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;. &quot;Fight  Club&quot; hands over the resposibility  to the viewer. This may be  uncomfortable to some, others (like myself) will embrace this.
0440178002|5.0|This is the best novel of fiction I have ever read. I read a LOT. The people of Japan come to life, and the characters are totally unique. Blackthorne learns his role well, and the women... ah it makes you want to  go to 16th century Japan to live. If you're a man, that is. I just bought  this book on a whim, and now have bought all of Clavell's books. Buy this  book. You will find the 1210 pages are much too short.
6305750750|4.0|Okay, we all know what this wasn't the best movie ever, JarJar was trite (and perhaps offensive), but come on . . . has anyone seen the original (Ep.IV) recently? That was hokey. Also, the jedi fight scenes in this were  unbeleiveable. Made Luke's and Vader's fight in ROTJ look like a pillow  fight. Also, rumor has it that Lucas has promised us a &quot;darker&quot;  Episode II which should be fun so buy the video and Lucas will have more  money to spend on the next one. :)
B000002P72|5.0|I've often been asked &quot;If you were doomed to live out your life on a desserted island, which five albums would you want with you?&quot; My immediate response is B.B. Live at the Regal followed by four albums  depending on my mood. My beat up copy of Live at the Regal is in terrible  shape from traveling with me to more places than B.B. has taken Lucille;  from Paris to Bombay, London to Sydney, and beyond. One of the best(if not  the best) live recordings of the blues, Live at the Regal showcases not  only Kings' incredibly unique guitar playing and powerful vocal delivery  but also his amicable rapport with the audience. Young artists would do  well to learn the dead art of involving the listeners in the show as B.B.  does.
B000020617|5.0|I am ashamed of myself!  The first few listens of this CD I was disappointed. I loved the colour and the shape and I was expecting more of the same I guess. I didn't think much of the first single learn to fly  either as it was a bit too cute and cuddly for the FF. But after regular  listens the whole CD grew on me. Stacked Actors is the best FF song to  date, it has such a rough and raw feel to it. Breakout it is a lot like the  older stuff, so this one hit me instantly. The slower songs such as aurora,  aint it the life, next year and MIA fit in perfectly with the tougher  stuff. Generator and Gimme Stitches are like nothing the FF have ever done  before and now I realise this is why it is such an awesome album.
1573226521|5.0|This was an absolutely BRILLIANT book, I really enjoyed it and it showed emotion. The film looks like it will be great as well, (although Leo Di Caprio will spoil it) but I advise anybody looking for an adventurous book  to pick this one up and start reading!
B000002LOE|5.0|Out Of Time is the double edge sword for REM.It brought them to superstar status yet it brought the wrath of longtime fans who thought they'd sold out.In retrospect it seems a little extreme since at the time,there was  nothing like it.In the time that hairbands were soon to become an  endangered species,and Nevermind was just around the corner,REM released an  album that took chances when most acts at the time(heck even today)ran a  formula into the ground. Losing My Religion led the way with its delicatly  picked mandolin and understated string arrangement.But for those who played  only the aformentioned track 2(and sometimes track 7&lt;Shiny Happy  People&gt;)were missing out on a great album.Near Wild Heaven,Shiny Happy  People,and Radio Song are bouncy pop songs that improve on the peppy tracks  on Green.But songs like Low,Half a World Away &amp; Texarkana have an air  of melencholy about them.Country Feedback build in intensity as Michael  Stipe sing the most personal pre-AFTP song,and Honey In Me brings both sad  &amp; happy together on the final track.Old fans could yell sell out all  the want,but OOT came out at the right time which also helped pave the way  for more daring music to be embraced by the mainstream and make the 90's a  memorable decade in music
6303481272|5.0|Why?  &quot;Akira&quot; and &quot;Ghost in Shell&quot; have great animation and action sequences, but leave you kind of cold.  &quot;Wing of Honneamise&quot; has mature philosophy and great art, but may leave you  snoring.  &quot;Dragon Ball Z - Tree of Might&quot; has almost as good  action sequences as &quot;Ninja&quot; and you can watch it with the whole  family, but it lacks a world-class sophistication.  &quot;La Blue  Girl&quot; has the spirit of a serial child molester, and after the  shock-value wears off, gets rather depressing.   &quot;Ninja&quot; does  everything terrifically well - unforgettable characters, fearsome villains,  timeless storyline, amazing animation, and a very satisfying (yet haunting)  conclusion.  Blockbuster video rents it in the &quot;animation&quot;  section, so rent it first if you're still skeptical.
B0000026WD|4.0|I can honestly say that Dangerous is MJ's most daring work since Thriller.The reason it's not a 5-star masterpiece is that like Bad it tries too hard to top Thriller.The first problem is that this is his first CD  album where he fills up the entire 77+ minute playing time.Second,Quincy  Jones is replaced by Teddy Riley.Where the work with Q was groundbreaking,  this collaboration with &quot;Ted&quot;  seems like  chasing trends than  setting them(that includes the appearence of rapper Heavy D).Where Q  would've made  a well balanced collection of songs,the album feels schitzo  due to the fact that Teddy's production's dominates the first half,while  MJ's sole production dominates the other.Though there are some great songs  in this collaboration(Jam,In The Closet,and the classic Remember The  Time)the new jack production sounds redundent after a while.The best songs  (along with the aforementioned Remember The Time)is MJ's own  productions.The atmospheric drama of Who is It and Give In To Me displays  the true brilliance of Michael.Black or White is short &amp; snappy(but the  intro and that whack rap should be edited out on future pressings),while  Heal the World &amp; Keep The Faith may mean well,they're obvious copies of  past songs(We Are The World and Man In The Mirror respectivly).The two  tracks that really lift this album is the trancending Will You Be There  &amp; the sweet but sad Gone Too Soon.Like most CDs these days, Dangerous  is a belabored album to listen to.It takes way too long to get to the best  songs.You can always program your player, but always remember,great albums  are listen to as a whole,not pieces.
B000000OQF|5.0|This is the first album of Guns n'Roses. Only a little bands have a first album so impressive like that. It reminds the wild and golden age of the band, with the classical formation of the band. Nothing is bad in that  album, all were great, more than great, essential to understand the  evolution of the hard-rock music from the finals 80 from now. If you like  the &quot;Use your illusion&quot; albums and you don't listen it, don't  wait any more, and make it. It's a experience that you never forget. With  classic songs for all the times like &quot;Paradise city&quot;,  &quot;Welcome to the jungle&quot;, &quot;Sweet child o'mine&quot;.
B0000029LG|3.0|Whenever an album is promoted with TV commercials,round the clock updates and even a theatrical trailer,it usually spells trouble.HIStory continued, as an album is a piece of shameless self indulgence that pretty much turned  even his most devoted fans off.Given the troubles he'd experience within  the past few years,MJ sounds more like a crybaby who wants pity than an  artist making a dignified statement.Michael also sounds desperate in his  choice of name producers to make this album sound contemperary(Jam &amp;  Lewis,Dave Hall,R.Kelly etc).Scream sound like Rhythm Nation recorded by  Nine Inch Nails,while songs like This Time Around,DS,2 Bad sounds like MJ  is a guest vocalist on the producers album(instead of the other way  around).Childhood is sweet but self pitying ,Smile is just out of place,and  Little Susie is the worst track ever to grace his post-Motown solo  albums.Like Dangerous the best tracks are usually his own  productions.Stranger in Moscow maybe his best post Quincy Jones production  ever,while Earth Song reminds us of his midas touch.They Don't Care About  Us is a very underrated track(probably due to the alleged racist lyrics),  Money and Tabloid Junkie(a Jam &amp; Lewis production)takes a smart look at  the price of fame.The title track is a long drawn out cut &amp; paste job  that could've worked on a smaller level.The best song is R.Kelly's You Are  Not Alone which,unlike the other producers, he tailor-made around Michael's  abilities,as well as the most unpretentious track on the album.HIStory  begins,the greatest hits portion,is also hit &amp; miss.Of course the  greats are represented(Billie Jean,Beat It,Don't Stop..,Rock With  You,etc)but what was unnessesarily included(The Girl Is Mine,Heal The  World) outweighs what should've been included(Human Nature,Off The  Wall,Dirty Diana,Say,Say,Say,Will You Be There).Maybe the best of  &quot;continues&quot; should've been interspread with the old hits.It may  not be HIStory but it would've justified his place in history
0449000729|4.0|I have read about 15 James A. Michener books, so I thought it was time to try this one.  I wasn't disappointed, for I enjoyed all the detail.  By comparison I find Michener to be a better writer, however Rutherfurd  probably outdoes even Michener, for all the historical details.  Bottom  line:  If you like historical novels, have enough endurance, I recommend  this book.  I have obtained another of Rutherfurd's books,  &quot;London.&quot;  It is another really long one, which I expect will be  very educational.  That's why I read this type of book; to get history in a  fun, enjoyable format.
B00000269M|3.0|Even as I waited for August 31,1987 I wanted this album bad(no pun intended).When I finally got it I felt a tinge of disappointment.While every one and their mama went GA-GA over Bad,I couldn't put my finger on  it.I guess it's because it tried too hard to top Thriller.This was the MJ  album where he wrote a majority of the songs and although he writes great  songs his musical vision was clouded by topping his past success.The title  track tried too hard to sound funky and sounds years later like a bad(no  pun intended) Prince throwaway.The Way You Make Me Feel and Another Part of  Me sounds generic compared to his past masterpieces(Don't Stop..,Billie  Jean)and Speed Demon sounds cute but corny.The best tracks include the  inspirational Man in the Mirror(written by Siedah Garret and future Alanis  collaborator Glen Ballard),I Just Can't Stop Loving You(a beautiful duet  with Garret)while Smooth Criminal &amp; Dirty Diana recalled Thriller's  best moments.Though it sold millions it still didn't come close to its  predesessors success,and it started a decline in MJ's music where the  harder he try to top Thriller,the more the quality of his music slips.
0784010188|5.0|T2 is a classic Arnold action flick, kudos all around.  But why o' why is there a VHS version of T2 with the extra scenes, but the DVD lacks them?<br />as the title says, great movie, but the DVD disappoints.  Yet  another disc hurriedly thrown together to maximize on profits, but annoying  to moviephiles like me.  Why get a DVD that cannot deliver what the VHS can
B000000WA4|5.0|Granted double albums ,let alone double CD's makes listeners fickle.Thy're either self indulgent,or marred with filler that would've made it a better single album.Billy Corgan has a big egothat would've made this a  disaster,but he also has the gift to makes this a rare 2-fer.Every song  works individually,and collectivly.They range from the epic(Tales of  Scortched Earth,Porcelina)to the simple(Lily,Cupid de  Locke,33)Tonight,Tonight is a masterwork fusion of rock &amp;  classical(even without that brilliant video).The range of songs go from  rock(Bullet..,Zero)to pop(1979),and even goofy (We Only Come Out At  Night).The album even ends on a sweet open ended note(Good Night)that makes  you want to push repeat.MCATIS is a one of a kind CD where it may be long,  but you'd wanna experience it again and again.
B00000DC7L|5.0|Brian May,  influential guitarist of the well known rock act Queen,  returns to the music world with a real treaure.  While not exactly what Queen purists would expect,  &quot;Another World&quot; is a trip into one  of the most fertile minds of rock. From a blues sound to driving metal and  soft ballads,  there is a song fitting almost any mood. &quot;Another  World&quot;  includes such songs as &quot;The Guv'ner&quot; (with Jeff  Beck),  &quot;Business,&quot;  and &quot;Cyborg,&quot;  perhaps an answer  to Queen's &quot;Machines (Back to humans).&quot;  Paying tribute to  influencial artists of the past,  he does amazing versions of &quot;Slow  Down,&quot;  &quot;One Rainy Wish,&quot;  and &quot;All the Way From  Memphis.&quot; Whether a die hard fan of Brian and Queen,  or just a fan of  good guitar,  this is a must for serious collection
B0000025RI|5.0|Unlike the masses who bought Thriller after Motown 25,the Thriller video,and the infamous Pepsi commercial incident,I got my copy before the mass hysteria.Thriller justified what i've been telling people about MJ,the  man is amazing.The album was nothing short of amazing as well.Billie Jean  was both funky and grandoise and Beat It melded hard rock and funk kicking  in the door that separates both genres(which also keeps closing  again).Wanna Be Startin' Something was the ultimate opening track,PYT once  a slight track sounds even better today,Human Nature and Lady In My Life  show his gift with ballads.On the other hand The Girl Is Mine stands as the  weakest track(an obvious ploy for crossover airplay that actually  worked)and the title track is more of a novelty.Unfortunatly over the years  along with multiple airplays Thriller lost a certain freshness.Where Off  The Wall was his breakout album,Thriller is where he wanted to go all the  way to the top and he played it somewhat safe,sacrificing the soul that  makes the previous album so alive.Even after almost two decades,Thriller is  a tough act to follow even for MJ who seems more concerned with topping  Thriller than embracing the raw talent that makes him so great.
B0000399WI|5.0|With one word... Perfect. Definitely one of the most great films I have ever seen. Direction is excellent, Robbins and Freeman are more than great. The story, although not very unique, excites the viewer with its ending  which gives the play an integration rarely found in films.<br />You'll lose if  you choose not to see it. Definitely.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I first saw this movie with English subtitles.  I thought for sure I would not enjoy it due to the subtitles.  I was wrong, the movie blew me away!  When I watched it again dubbed in English, I didn't enjoy it as much.  What  gets lost in the translation is Benigni's expressive voice.  So expressive  in fact that you don't need to understand Italian to comprehend exactly   what he's saying.  This movie is on my list of Top 10 Best of all time.
0440234743|4.0|If you like John Grisham's books, you will like The Testament.  Nate O'Riley makes the story accessible and light. (You can connect with this character easily.) You also learn a little about probate law.  John  Grisham's writing style is consistenly pleasant in The Testament.
6304711905|5.0|This was an awesome movie. It totally went along with what happened in real life. Kurt Russell(Wyatt Earp) did an excellent job, as did Bill Paxton(Morgan Earp) and Sam Elliot(Virgil Earp). But I believe the best  actor in this movie was Val Kilmer as Doc Holliday. He plays the character  so well and gets in the swing of things so quickly. Whomever casted this  movie did an excellent job and the movie shows it!
0800141865|2.0|The Peope vs. Larry Flynt is a well directed, (mostly) well acted, but poorly written movie about a sick man who, by pure dumb luck, may have become a defender of the 1st ammendment.  Milos Forman, as always, employs  an engaging visual style and offbeat humor that adds much to the movie.   Woody Harrelson is one of my least favorite actors, but his performance was  terrific.  He didn't make Flynt out to be a hero, just a man out to make a  buck.  Courtney Love was decent, but she seemed to be in over her head in  the more dramatic scenes.  Edward Norton delivered a pitch-perfect  performance as the lawyer who puts up with a lot more than he should from  his client.  The problem with this movie is the writing.  It was written by  the same people who wrote Ed Wood (a movie a greatly admire), but features  none of the emotional resonance that it should.  The characters are not  very well developed, they seemed pretty flat.  What is worse is that the  events don't flow very well, there are too many narrative gaps and events  aren't explained very well.  No matter what your opinion is of Larry Flynt,  it is an interesting movie that is worth watching, but not worth buying.
B00000JMG7|5.0|All in all, an excellent release of work from the late great blues rocker. I am not that fond of the first CD, which consists of live work from the late seventies. Rory had much more distortion on his guitar during this  period, having departed from his previous clean sound. I guess this was an  effort to be more contemporary, but I really prefer his sound from the  early seventies, which was much cleaner. Having said that, the one track  from 1973, &quot;What in the World&quot; makes the first CD worth it all on  it's own. This is a very moving blues piece, with some outstanding guitar  work. The second CD consists of studio work from the early seventies, and  is classic Rory. The pure, raw energy, originality, and great guitar work  set Rory apart. It's nice to see his work becoming available again. Too bad  he's gone, and way too soon. He is missed.
B000002GEV|5.0|From the blazing opening harmonica note to the final, beautiful symphonic instrumental, Supertramp has created a majestic, maddeningly dark look at human emotions. The band overshadows their sometimes nonsensical wit by  supporting it with lush melodies, harmonies, and lyrics. Both Hodgson and  Davies get a turn displaying their remarkable talents, alternating  positions each time. The final number is the best and most beautiful  Supertramp composition ever written, period. Buy this.<br />NOTE: Listening to  this album on headphones, unlike any other Supertramp record, will rob it  of its listening quality. Not technically, but emotionally.<br />-NC
B000002GEY|4.0|Finally their wacky selves, Supertramp have given us a fine album of great songs, supposedly highlighted by the pleasant &quot;Goodbye Stranger&quot;, the grandiose &quot;Take the Long Way Home&quot;, the beutiful &quot;Lord,  Is It Mine?&quot; (&quot;Babaji&quot; is behind them), and of course, the  wild and wacky &quot;Logical Song&quot;. Those are actually some of the  weaker songs, compare to the remarkable &quot;Oh, Darling&quot;, the  excellent &quot;Breakfast in America&quot;, the hilarious &quot;Just  Another Nervous Wreck&quot;, and the climatic &quot;Child of Vision&quot;.  However...well, the rest isn't all that good. Oh well. Another solid effort  by the 'Tramp.<br />-NCB
B000002GD9|3.0|Surprisingly, Supertramp are still not their ultrasilly selves yet (except on the jokingly buddhist song &quot;Babaji&quot;). Each song is rather nice, all very, long, and all of them leave the listener with something to  think about. &quot;Give a Little Bit&quot; and &quot;From Now On&quot;, the  known highlights, are both excellent. &quot;Fool's Overture&quot;, the  sprawling ten-minute centerpiece, isn't the best Supertramp composition,  but will probably be a lot of fun for all of the progressive rock fans out  there. Overall, a weak but formidable effort by the 'Tramps.<br />-NC
B000002GD8|5.0|There is nothing stunning here, unlike Crime of the Century, but this album shows Supertramp in top form with touches of wit, genius, and solemnity. This is the most atmospheric of their records, and is excellent  listening on headphones. Highlights are the wonderful, Strawb-influenced  &quot;Sister Moonshine&quot;, the beautiful &quot;A Soapbox Opera&quot;,  and the magnun opus of the album &quot;Another Man's Woman&quot; (of  course, many believe the magnum opus is the nice little ditty known as  &quot;Two of Us&quot; at the end of the album)&gt; Absolute essential  listening for sophisticated 'Tramp fans.<br />NOTE: This album does contain  the beutiful but sickeningly repetitive &quot;The Meaning&quot; which might  be the reason many listeners don't like this album.<br />-NCB
B00000J7J4|2.0|I was listening to some of the tracks and I couldn't bear the predictability of the upcoming lyrics. I had to stop the cd, I can only  listen to it in 5 minute intervals. It's over-done, but you know with all  things,you have to overdo it if you want to become commercial, and that's  too bad because all the integrity and artistry is gone...zippo...<br />But if  you like commercial shmaltz, go ahead...eat it up...have a ball... go crazy  with Backstreet Boys, Britney and  and the rest of the gang...(of course  I'm exaggerating, but the scarey thing is...I'm not exaggerating all that  much)<br />Bottom line.....Don't buy. You'll be sorry you did. Trust me.
0553213105|4.0|PRIDE AND PREJUDICE was the first Jane Austen novel I read. I'm currently working on SENSE AND SENSIBILITY. P+P is a very emotional, romantic book. I love Austen's sense of romance. However, it is a long book, and the  language can be hard to understand, so beware. I definitely recommend it,  though.
6305127697|5.0|This was a very good movie.It keeps you on the edge of your seat. Edward Norton was excellent as the innocent murder suspect and Richard Gere (with his fine self)was excellent as the lawyer trying to keep this young  innocent man out of prison.A very,very good movie.A definite must see.
0380789019|5.0|I had the pleasant encounter with Neil Gaiman himself at the DreamHaven bookstore in Minneapolis, MN. As well a large number of people turning out to see him in person. Before seeing him in person, I've read his first  major novel, &quot;Neverwhere&quot;. Wow, it's truly the best modern fairy  tale novel for adults since &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot;! London came  really alive to me, the above world never knew about life hidden in the  under world. Literally I mean way under the above world. The characters are  so fascinated and I love those two crazy killers acting like some english  nobles with perverse sense of humors. Neil Gaiman is very inventive and  creative with the story and based on his past stories he'd written for the  comic book industry, this man is destined for greatness. I've sweared that  Neil Gaiman is the modern William Shakespeare! No one have ever write the  stories as well and marvelous as Gaiman...not even since James Joyce and  William Shakespeare. I told Neil this and he was rather flabbergasted but  it's the truth! Read the novel, then read &quot;Stardust&quot;, then read  every story Neil has ever written and you'll know that we may have a  William Shakespeare for the 21st century! Oh, by the way...&quot;mind the  gap!&quot;
0312853238|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read.  All of the Ender Series Boooks are, but this oone is the best.  This is the best.  If you want to know what happens, rent it or buy it.  All I have to say is. . . <br />. . . THIS  BOOK IS REALLY SWELL!
0780628551|1.0|I was expecting much more than this pitiful excuse for a movie.  The only thing I kept looking foward to was the end of this film.  The acting was poor, the story line was pathetic, and the director attempt to wow us with  wierd camera angles and annoying sound effects just made me hate this movie  more.  This movie is one of the most boring films I have seen recently and  would not recomend anyone wasting their time watching it.
0792839676|5.0|As much as I would like to say about the best values of Stephen King, I will only concentrate on Carrie.  Numerous times I have watched the film, and nevertheless have yet been tired of it.  This movie displays elements  of empathy, sympathy, horror, torture, and love, and altogether are  combined to create an emotional impact brought out to surpass other  people's thoughts. Sissy Spacek and Piper Laurie not only enlightened the  screen with emotional, magnificent performances, but also they received two  1976 Best Actress Oscar nominations to prove it.  Overall, if you are  looking for a combining of genres to satisfy your evening, Carrie is the #1  Choice to make!
6305750750|5.0|If I was to give this movie six stars, I would definitely rate this movie a six, maybe even higher! This movie has THE BEST visual effects I have ever seen in a movie! This movie will definitely win the 1999 Academy Award  for best visual effects. I'm going to buy the widescreen version, so I can  see everything on the screen and enjoy every minute of it. If you are a  sci-fi fan, you will LOVE, AND I REPEAT, LOVE, this movie!
0792839676|5.0|As much as I would like to say about the best values of Stephen King, I will only concentrate on Carrie.  Numerous times I have watched the film, and nevertheless have yet been tired of it.  This movie displays elements  of empathy, sympathy, horror, torture, and love, and altogether are  combined to create an emotional impact brought out to surpass other  people's thoughts. Sissy Spacek and Piper Laurie not only enlightened the  screen with emotional, magnificent performances, but also they received two  1976 Best Actress Oscar nominations to prove it.  Overall, if you are  looking for a combining of genres to satisfy your evening, Carrie is the #1  Choice to make!
630575067X|5.0|THIS MOVIE HAS BEEN SO LONGLY ANTICIPATED, WHEN IT FINALLY ARRIVED, IT WAS EVEN BETTER THAN WE HAD EVER IMAGINED. ANYBODY WHO CONSIDERS THEMSELVES A DIEHARD, HAS TO AGREE THIS MOVIE WAS FANTASTIC. THE EVENT OF REVEALING  ANOTHER SITHIAN WAS ALL THAT IT TOOK FOR ME. DARTH MAUL WAS EVERYTHING THAT  VADER CULD HOPE FOR IN COUNTERPART. HE WAS LIKE A JACKIE CHAN AND SCARFACE  WRAPPED IN ONE. DON'T GET ME WRONG, I'M NOT A BIG DARK SIDE SUPPORTER, BUT  I FOUND MYSELF ROOTING FOR THE MENACE MORE THAN ONCE.
0767802551|5.0|I'm still not quite sure why I chose this above Goodfellas but the more I watch it the clearer it becomes. Al Pacino is as always brillant but what shocked me is just how convincing a display Jonny Depp puts on. It is  simply the best gangster film around. Jonny Depp plays an undercover cop  who once entering the mob finds its life style too much to leave. This is a  must for all gangster lovers out there!
B00003XB8K|4.0|The music of Enigma is an all consuming sound experience for me.  I appreciate it best when I have it in my car CD player.  And even though the CD is a new one, I find it a little too reminiscent of the past Enigma CD's  and somewhat weak.  It also felt to be a little short in play time, which  left me wanting more. I am, however, a bit of a softie for the music of  Enigma, and therefore I am appreciative of all &quot;New&quot; music they  put out.  I would recommend adding this to my Enigma collection.
B00000DGUG|1.0|This Cd is simply terrible music....  How disappointing after Jagged Little Pill which I consider a brilliant classic work for the ages.    This so often happens after a big hit; the &quot;artist&quot; feels she is  justified to offer up pretentious drivel as if  initial  CD success was a  sign of selling out.    Please bring back the passion and fire that made  your warblings so memorable Alanis and forget you ever visited India and  smoked up too much of the decidedly non-medicinal herbage.....    A career  ending work quite possibly.....
B00002R0MC|5.0|The set is magical, many people don't feel the reggae vibe out there, but it is a tribute to his genius.  Every song has powerful lyrics that you can reflect upon, they reach deep into your soul and ask &quot;What can I do to  make the world a better place&quot;.  Bob speaks through his music and is a  important figure a hero the Jamaica and I can see why.  The first Cd is not  too good, but it shows his early days and the cd charts his progress from a  young trenchtown boy to an international pop superstar.  I enjoyed hearing  alternate versions of the old classics like &quot;Exodus&quot; and &quot;I  shot the Sheriff&quot;.  The book that came with was very interesting and I  was amazed that he wrote nearly 500 songs in the short time he did.  Few  artists display the passion for music that he did.  One of the best  collections I own, I was amazed.
B00000JCB2|5.0|While everybody has a different mustic taste, scores of people seem to be oblivious of the fact that this is THE MOST ORIGINALE ALBUM in years.  Allow me to tell you why. First, Fred has the highest male vocal variety.  Just compare his voice difference in Break Stuff, Rearranged and, although  rap is not my cup of tea, in N 2 gether now. Because of Limp Bizkit, I am  starting to toletate rap music!   Plus, lyrics just scream with the 1999  reality. Not to mention again ORIGINALE design. Guys, get real, this is the  best, most original, no-nonsense album in years. I can wait to hear new  stuff. A definite buy. I really feel for those who regretted buying it.
B000002UKS|5.0|When I first listened to the Cd, I wasn't all that impressed with what I heard.  I listened closer and discoved some of the lyrics, full of meaning and energy.  This Cd has a passion to it that the Foo Fighters debut self  titled album lacked.  I especially like the songs; Monkey Wrench, Hey  Johnny Park, My Hero,Everlong and Way Home.  This cd shows that Dave Grohl  has moved out of Nirvana and has created a sytle all his own and it works.   5 stars.
B000002U84|5.0|I must disagree with Beth Bessmer's criticism of John Taylor's bass playing on &quot;Rio&quot;. His funky post-disco style is the key to this disc. She says she's waiting for a solo? How about the extended jam on the  title track--the one that got cut out of the single version? How about the  bass jams in &quot;My Own Way&quot;, &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot;, and  &quot;My Own Way&quot;? His style is still making waves with bassists  today.
B000002UKS|5.0|When I first listened to the Cd, I wasn't all that impressed with what I heard.  I listened closer and discoved some of the lyrics, full of meaning and energy.  This Cd has a passion to it that the Foo Fighters debut self  titled album lacked.  I especially like the songs; Monkey Wrench, Hey  Johnny Park, My Hero,Everlong and Way Home.  This cd shows that Dave Grohl  has moved out of Nirvana and has created a sytle all his own and it works.   5 stars.
B00001QGPS|4.0|&quot;Blackout&quot; by Redman and Method Man is off 'da chain!   Erick Sermon, who produced most of the tracks on this album, proves once again that he's one of the best producers in the game.  The beats (with the  exception of a few weaker tracks)are smoothe, catchy, and have that  patented thunderous baseline used so often by Sermon.  You'll have a stiff  neck after listening to it from nodding your head for so long.  No joke!   The lyrics are also tight, especially Redman's.  In fact, Redman's flow is  so tight on this album that he pretty much overshadows his partner in  crime, Method Man.  &quot;Blackout&quot; is a must buy for any fan of the  Wu Tang or the Def Squad.  Just be sure to have a good sub woofer if you're  gonna buy it.
B000005J56|5.0|Cuando un amigo dijome sobre ese disco compacto, yo comprolo y fui a escucharlo.  Yo estuve muy contento, es mejor que todo lo que oyo en Cuba.  Yo quiero las canciones de el estilo Son.  Yo canto con este CD.  Cinco  Estrellas, muy bien!
B00003CWN2|5.0|This movie will NOT leave you alone for weeks after watching it! It is one of the most powerful movies I have EVER seen!  Hilary Swank won the Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Drama, and after seeing this movie, you will  agree that she deserved it HANDS DOWN!   Not for the faint of heart!
B000000JO3|5.0|If you're a fan of old school punk music this album is a classic and a must-buy album for your collection.  These guys are hard and heavy, with great biting socio-polical lyrics.  The lead singer Ian McKaye shouts out  the vocals with much passion; you can tell how serious this guy really is.   Old school punk fans order this one now!
B000002U82|5.0|This album bassically brought Pink Floyd too fame after this album everybody new The Psychedelic Space Band Known as PINK FLOYD. This aint my favorite because it's the most popular its the flow of the songs man!.  While listening to this album I fell it being calm and smooth but in lots  of parts insane. The first half of the first song Speak to me is gentle  heart beat but then you start hearing different clips from this album and  it's starts getting wild untill it gets to gentle and trippy second half  Breath in the air. After listening to that one song you know your going to  hear a masterpiece. It's a really hard to rate this on to song  basis-Darkside is really like one big song. Darkside is gentle-  trippy-beutiful-Scary. Its a masterpiece of an album
B00000J7S8|5.0|Whatever Diana Krall does,she does with style. I first heard her on, of all places, the &quot;Prarie Home Companion&quot; program on P.B.S. radio. The songs she sang were &quot;Peel me a grape&quot;, plus others. When I  heard her for the first time, I literally jumped out of my chair and  cranked up the volume. FINALLY! a voice remeniscent of all the greats  before her, such as Anita O'Day, Sarah Vaughn, and others. Needless to say,  I bought every album that she has and if neccessay, will add a room to my  house to store any others that she records. But THIS album is her best yet.  Eclectic? so what. Whatever she does, no matter what the genre, is  fantastic. If you are a guy, I suggest having a cold shower handy after  listening to her sing &quot;Do it again&quot;. Can't wait for the next one.  Top marks for Diana K.-
6305718954|5.0|that movie was tremendous film to every one thats want more to knowed in the past, and secrets
0140186395|5.0|I first read East of Eden when I was 20, and in the Army in Europe. I found myself in the story, finding similarities in the life of the character James Dean played in the movie to what happened in my life.<br />It  seemed the story took all those pages to unfold until the moment that the  brother in the Cain and Abel tale was told that in life, it was not about  what you should do or not do but that &quot;thou mayest.&quot;<br />Brought up  by parents who had picked fruit in the Depression and lived tough times, I  pondered on elements of East of Eden for a long time.<br />It simply is a  story that reads and needs to be read. It is so insightful. It's brilliance  is hard to measure. And it is a classic that stands the tests of time. You  could read it at any time.
0312857063|5.0|This book is one of five of the best books I have ever read.The others being Wizards First Rule, Blood of the Fold,Temple of the Winds,and Soul of the Fire.The books are so good that you feel like you know Richard and  Kahlan after reading only a few pages.Terry Goodkind did such a good job a  the series that if I didn't know that he had to write another one, I would  try to keep the series going by writing it myself (lol).Well, all in all,  get the book because it is the best one you will ever read.
B00000J7JO|1.0|Ok, let me talk about the CHILI PEPPERS. When they are good they are OUTSTANDING, however, when they are bad -- which, in my opinion, is most of the time -- they STINK.<br />On average, only three songs on every album are  decent enough to listen to. Blood Sugar Sex Magik (is that in correct  order? ) had the megahit and all around good song &quot;Under the  Bridge,&quot; and at least One Hot Minute, while hardly a satisfactory  effort, had &quot;My Friends&quot; -- one of the best songs to come out of  the horrid musical age we call The 90s. <br />Californication is one of the  worst efforts I have heard in a LONG time -- from ANY band. The two  &quot;popular&quot; songs (&quot;All Around the World&quot; I believe is  the name of one of them) are putrid and bland -- they are so incredibly  boring and uninspired I have to shut off the radio completely whenever I  hear them.<br />Anthony Keidis sounds like a whiney, washed-up, and used-up  lead singer. The songs themselves possess no feasible melodies or tunes,  just repetitive drivel that seems to last forever. This is almost rehashed  material of older RHCP songs -- except lame, whiney, whimpey and watered  down. <br />An awful CD. I can only hope the Chili Peppers return to what made  them such a hit in earlier years...but hey, sometimes a band just runs its  course. Whatchya gonna do?
630575067X|5.0|This movie ties with ESB!  It is so hard to compare which one is better.  I was told earlier today that people will only like this movie if you have an eight year old's mentality, yet this is so not true.  Jar Jar Binks is  not a racial character at all.  He is put in there strictly for comedy!   Look at Jabba The Hutt!  Did anybody say he was not a good character b/c he  was fat?  Did people become offended by him for obesity?  NO!  And then  comes the aliens in the blockade.  They may have an accent, but is that  making racist remarks?  Certainly not!  This movie is by far one of the  best movies ever made, and should not be missed!
B00000AFGM|5.0|Dont dis this cd because of the cover! It is a very good cd. If youve ever heard Rock Is Dead dont think the entire cd is that. Only a fourth is I think anyway. Trent really could pick talent couldnt he? I think so. I like  Posthuman, RID, Coma White (that song along is worth 5 stars), Dope Show, I  dont like The Drugs, but overall they are all cool. Get this cd if you like  NIN!
6305076626|5.0|Let's do the time warp again people with this hilarious movie!   This is the greatest movie ever made!   Frank-N-Furter (played by Tim Curry)  is hilarious!  This movie should not be missed by anybody for any reason!
B000005K6A|4.0|As evident in this record, Led Zeppelin is without a doubt one of the greatest groups of all time. However, the best way to determine the strength of a band is by evaluating the band's deep tracks of any  particular album. Now, die hard fans of Zeppelin or any other band will, or  should, like the sound of just about any song, no matter how it was  reviewed.  I am a large Led Zeppelin fan, but there are a few nagging  problems with their music. One is the deep tracks. Everybody knows the  power of Zeppelin by songs such as &quot;Stairway To Heavan&quot; and  &quot;Whole Lotta Love,&quot; but they have a few songs that are just  simply not very good. I will not offend anybody by listing the songs, but  all of you Zeppelin fans know what I'm talking about. One other problem  that I have with Zeppelin is Robert Plant. Plant is a genuine singer, but  his high pitched voice is not one that is comforting to listen to. I find  that after listening to an album, I start to get tired of his voice towards  the end, and I am usually forced to turn it off. Zeppelin would be much  better if somebody else had stepped up for at least a few songs.  Overall,  I find myself comparing Led Zeppelin to only one other band, for bragging  rights for being the greatest rock and roll band of all time. That one  other band is The Who. After comparing data and extensive listening, I have  come to the conclusion that The Who are slightly better than Zeppelin. Now,  I know many will disagree, but I want everybody to know that this opinion  is completely open. In other words, I was by no means favoring one band or  the other at the onset of my analysis; The Beatles would be the only such  band that would create a bias in my mind.  The Who present a series of  beautifully constructed albums, which include two very sophisticated  &quot;rock operas&quot; in &quot;Tommy&quot; and &quot;Quadrophenia.&quot;  Pete Townshend is a musical mastermind, which even the likes of Page and  Plant cannot surpass.Also, the deep tracks of the Who are considerably  better than those of Led Zeppelin. I found that I enjoyed the Who's deep  tracks as much, if not more than their title tracks; which surprised me  greatly. With every member of the band singing in almost every song, the  Who never sound the same. Roger Daltrey's vocals are unsurpassed by anybody  who has ever sang on planet Earth. John Entwistle also presents maybe the  best bass guitar playing ever to be known to man, and Pete Townshend is a  writer that can only be matched by Paul McCartney. Although Zeppelin is  great, the Who are slighlty better. The fact that The Who are the greatest  band to ever perform live, and, the Who are in the Guiness Book of World  Records as being the loudest band of all time after breaking the decible  record at a concert in England, also have some pull in my decision.
B000002C1X|5.0|I recieved _The Wall_ as a Christmas gift from a friend, being assured that it was one of the greatest rock albums ever produced. He was right- The Wall's music is some of the best I have ever heard (along with The  Fragile by Nine Inch Nails). What is really striking about the music,  though, is the incredible complexity of styles presented on _The Wall_-  from the acoustic guitar-driven &quot;Mother,&quot; to the orchestral  pieces &quot;Nobody Home&quot; and &quot;The Trial,&quot; as well as the  amazing electric guitar solos in such songs as &quot;Comfortably  Numb.&quot;<br />But what really makes _The Wall_ stand out from other albums  is the story and the ideas behind the music. _The Wall_ is about man's  struggle against himself and against society. If this sounds pretentious,  it's because Pink Floyd took a gamble as to whether they could make a great  rock album with depth to it, and they succeeded. Pink Floyd is able to  capture the rage, hate, and alienation from society that afflicts modern  man. Aside from Pink Floyd, the only modern artist to explore these issues  and not fail to express them properly is Trent Reznor, of Nine Inch Nails.  <br />Where Floyd beats Reznor soundly, though, is the lyrics department.  Don't get me wrong, _The Downward Spiral_ and _The Fragile_ have some great  lyrics on them. Yet the overall quality of songs like &quot;Mother,&quot;  &quot;Hey You,&quot; &quot;Another Brick in the Wall pts. 1-3,&quot; and  &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky&quot; is better than anything Reznor has done.  Still, for those interested in the sort of ideas that make up _The Wall,_ I  strongly recommend _The Downward Spiral_ and _The Fragile_ by Nine Inch  Nails.
0684135051|5.0|I had been doing knit and purl stitches for most of my life with very unsatisfactory results until I found this treasure. Unlike most patterns which are for flat knitting with very rigid instructions, EZ gives  guidelines for a personal approach based on knitting &quot;in the  round.&quot; No stiff seams to pop open! A stitch more or less doesn't  worry her. Want a sweater for a Barbie Doll or Michael Jordan? With her  formula, you can do it. <br />And, at last, someone said that knitting scarves  is *boring.* <br />This book decreased my &quot;knitting&quot; tension/anxiety  enormously. Knitting is now a stress reducer for me.
B000002UCQ|5.0|i actually like his Carl perkins versions but once again , like he always does George Harrison proves once again that he has what it takes to be a musician a rather fine singer as good as Carl Perkins himself and better  then Sophie Tucker deffinatlely-mark Williams
B000002UA9|4.0|PLEASE PLEASE ME represents the &quot;best&quot; of The Beatles' then-current live show.  Which explains why they were able to do such a GREAT JOB in under a day-- they'd been PLAYING these tunes practically  forever by then!  Growing up with the U.S. LPs (with different songs in  different orders) the British albums took a bit of getting used to.  Need I  say they've GROWN on me?   What a TREMENDOUS album!   &quot;I Saw Her  Standing There&quot;, &quot;Misery&quot;,  &quot;Please Please Me&quot;,  &quot;Baby It's You&quot;, &quot;Do You Want To Know A Secret&quot;,  &quot;A Taste Of Honey&quot;, and &quot;Twist And Shout&quot;--one  stand-out after another.  I only wish &quot;Besame Mucho&quot; had made the  cut, but that's only in retrospect.  These guys KNEW what rock &amp; roll  was really all about-- energy, enthusiasm, and simplicity.  There ARE bands  today that know this (The Friggs and Dash Rip Rock are good examples) but  you probably won't hear THEM on MTV...  And to think-- these guys were only  getting WARMED UP!
B0000025JT|5.0|there are several reasons why this is streisand's most successful album - it was released at a time when she was at her commercial peak, having released four consecutive platinum albums, and this one continued the  streak; another is that barry gibb was at his creative zenith, he really  couldn't fail in the late 70's; much of the credit for this excellent and  enjoyable album goes to gibb's superlative arrangements and production, and  of course exceptional songwriting; whereas one could find fault with the  oblique lyrics, his sense of melody is uncanny; streisand's interpretations  are fine throughout, although not as faultless as on the previous album,  'wet'; this one is nevertheless an absolute must-have, a cornerstone of  adult contemporary music
B000002P72|5.0|This is the standard for all blues bands to follow. The musical interplay and use of dynamics throughout this set is absolutely stunning. Your life is not complete without this album.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Yes, that's right. Creed's follow up to thier debut album My Own Prison couldn't have been better. What makes this CD so great is basically they put all the elements a succesful rock band should have. Sometimes crunchy,  sometimes smooth guitar playing,thick bass,hard drums, and most important  pure heart felt emotional vocals. There are definately highlights on the  album like &quot;Higher&quot;, &quot;Faceless Man&quot;, and &quot;Never  Die&quot;. However the entire album is very listenable. Another question  that often comes about from Christians like myself is....&quot;Can or  should Christians listen to it?&quot; My answer is they SHOULD listen to  it. The lyrics are excellent, Scott Stapp's song writing is artistic to say  the least. In a day in age where many talentless bands get so much  hype...Creed is a band that has been hyped...yet they deserve it. Go buy  this CD.
B00000IGGA|5.0|True Waits fans will not be disappointed with this outing. I could go on for hours talking about it but that would waste your time better spent listening to this emotional, hard hitting masterpiece. So get it and enjoy!  Thanks again Tom for another great recording.
6305232660|5.0|This movie beats out the growing pack of disaster movies, for a number of reasons:<br />The inevitable concentration on the problems of individuals caught up in the growing disaster here focuses on people centrally related  to the discovery of the comet. They are IN the story for good  reasons.<br />The threat is real, and to a degree cannot be dodged. A comet is  coming, we cannot stop it, it arrives, and it does a lot of harm, and some  of the central characters perish, while others survive.<br />There is a  minimum of gooey treacle. The characters generally behave with a certain  nobility--just as we might hope to behave in similar extreme circumstances.  Sentimentality is generally avoided.<br />The plot is complete, the behavior  rational, and nothing of importance is dropped from the exposition. The  film is balanced, and we are not left with rip-roaring inconsistencies and  problems at the end.<br />But finally, it is a GOOD movie: entertaining,  fascinating, satisfying, disturbing, horrifying, fulfilling, and interwoven  with a satisfying amount of humor.<br />If disaster strikes us in real time, I  only hope we are in hands as good as these.
0440234743|3.0|The Testament was somewhat entertaining, but definitely not great.  It was light reading, mildly entertaining, and predictable.  I don't think the book deserves its popularity... it's standing on the author's name alone.
B00000J2PH|5.0|&quot;It's Too Late&quot; was recorded and played on my cassette player/recorder hundreds, if not, thousands of times during the summer of '71. It was to be the greatest summer I can remember. And the thing I most  remember about that good time, was Carole King. At the time, I was 16, an  African-American male, growing up in the tumultuous South Bronx streets, in  an equally tumultuous United States. And what times those truly were. But  the music of Carole King...transended all the issues, all the problems. And  there was something extraordinarily special about her music. I can remember  vividly, the fact that the song &quot;It's Too Late&quot; caused the same  incessant, beat following swaying, gyrating, and dancing behavior in all my  friends, regardless of gender, race, or economic status...we were  spiritually hooked! It would be some years later, when I would obtain the  &quot;Music&quot; album. Interestingly, I never purchased the  &quot;Tapestry&quot; album, but have listened to it in its entirety many,  many times. Needless to say, I will obtain the CD in the near future. On  the &quot;Music&quot; album I would come to further appreciate Ms. Kings  talents. On the &quot;Music&quot; production, pieces like &quot;Brother,  Brother&quot;, &quot;Sweet Seasons&quot;, &quot;Surely&quot;,  &quot;Music&quot;, and &quot;Growing Away From Me&quot;, Ms. King showed  true genius. It's hard to say in any number of words, how truly talented  she is...you must just listen, and allow your soul to be absorbed.  Additionally amazing is the fact that she produced both the  &quot;Tapestry&quot; and &quot;Music&quot; albums in the same year!  Although I am not in any way a denominationally religous person, I must  say, that we are blessed to have been graced by the Creator our God with  the inspirational life of the musician Carole King.
0684872153|5.0|An amazing story detailing the life of this child. Truly based on Frank McCourt's life. Highly recommended.
0780627016|3.0|I thought Pleasantville would of been 10x better than this - it was really, really boring near the end, at the start is was funny and cool though, so it only JUST earns 3 stars.<br />It stars Tobey Maguire and Reese  Witherspoon as 2 teens are are transfeered back to the 50's when fighting  over a remote control.
B00003BDXG|5.0|I first saw this movie at the cinema with my wife we both left at the end speechless. Now we have seen the DVD and the cut scenes! An incredible film that everyone should see. Watch, Take in, think! Outstanding!
6305537798|5.0|I went to see this at the movies and I was really glad I did. Its fun-loving fun not to missed by all the people who enjoyed Jawbreaker and never Been Kissed.<br />There is alot of excellent movies like this today - a  bunch of teens hiding a secret about passion and then falling in love with  each other and the other person finds out they were cheating on  them.<br />You'll enjoy 'TWO HANDS' if your a Heath fan, he's a really good  actor. Julia, Joseph and Andrew did great jobs too, I think Larisa Oleynik  sounds like a pigs name and the girl is very talented either - but that  doesn't mean this movie is not enjoyable!
B000020617|4.0|THIS IS A VERY GOOD CD ALTHOUGH IT IS NOT AS GOOD AS THEIR LAST ALBUM THE CLOUR AND THE SHAPE.  THE BEST SONG WOULD HAVE TO BE AURORA AND GENERATOR SO I WOULD ADVISE YOU TO BUY IT.
0767819594|5.0|I really wonder sometimes whats wrong with (some) reviewers - they always get mixed up - Tarzan and Pleasantville are boring, face it and Cruel Intentions and Scream totally rock. You won't want to move from your seat  in this unreal comedy-drama!<br />Sarah Michelle Gellar, Ryan Phillipe and  Reese Witherspoon play their best roles and most impresive, I can't think  of a thing wrong this flick, except the fact that people over age 40 with  children - BEWARE! This may and will offend you - but under 25's you'll  love this!
0425156842|5.0|Finally finished the 500+ page book. Well, it's an eye-opening book and a great one for the study of philosophy. It introduced me to many names and ideas which I never came across before. Jostein Gaarder had done a good job  - he introduced the different schools of thought without intervening with  too much of his opinion. This is an excellent book to give you a brief idea  of philosophy, but you will have to do your own research should you want  more details of the different philosophies. I like the book for it had  enriched my knowledge in many ways and also because I had also been  interested in philosophy. I recommend very critical reading of this book.  It is simply not a book you can finish in two days and forget about it.  It's something you have to take time to think about and digest, otherwise  you would have gained very little from this great work. It's a pity I do  not quite understand the plot - I sense that there are something hidden  behind the story. Perhaps I shall it again before we disappear...
B00000IHHM|5.0|After a whole year of borrowing the 2 CD set from a friend, I finally own the CDs and I can't stop listening to them. I love the music in Notre Dame for it's simplicity, incredible melodies, and the many unusual sounds that  are sometimes noticeable. I am very glad to see so many positive reviews,  since most people don't know about this show yet (in the US). As a previous  reviewer wrote: &quot;It's all been said before&quot;, so I am just gonna  say one thing. Those &quot;raspy&quot; comments drive me crazy, and I'd  like to take this opportunity to say that one other reason I love this  musical so much is that it for once doesn't feature a beautifully voiced,  ridiculously high-pitched Quasimodo!
0792837622|5.0|bravo,i cried in buckets,best fictional Love storyof our time. Maria &amp; Tonymere pictures of the aspectsof what life is truly about,reguarless year decade or&lt;century.
0767802551|5.0|This is not just yet another mobster movie; it certainly is one of the best of the genre. I haven't read the book but I found this movie so real and intense. I'm not going to write anything about Pacino since we're all used to his magnificient performances every time he's onscreen or on stage; it's certainly Johny Depp who gives the best performance in this movie, but I'd not like  to forget Madsen who is simply fascinating (can a mobster be?). I've seen this movie so many times and after all these years I still enjoy it.
B0000013GT|5.0|This is the best cd ever made.  This is a different kind of rap than anything else on the market.  This cd is always in my rotation.  I think that this is better than Southerplayacadillacmuzic and Aquemini.  The best  tracks are ATLiens, Wheelz of Steel, elevators, babylon, and two dope boyz.   Big Boi and Dre are two of the most innovative rappers out there.  I'm  sick of all rappers bragging about themselves throughout their entire cd,  or just rapping about meaningless s$#t.  Outkast has the best lyrics that I  have ever heard.  BUY THE CD IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT ALREADY!
0440234743|2.0|I have read most of Grisham's books, and most of them were very good.  Not this one.
B00001SIES|5.0|Firstly put it this way this album is one of the best i've seen in a long time it mixes the voice of Thom Yorke with a sound familiar to nivana if i had my way i would make everybody on the earth buy this album.  My best  song on this album would have to be given to Sunburn with Fillip coming in  at close second.  If like bands like bands like Radiohead and Nirvana buy  this album
0800132009|5.0|David Lean masterfully recreates Pierre Boulle's classic novelset in the Burmese jungle of World War II.  The movie provides one ofthe great character studies ever captured on film.  Two men, Colonel Saito played by Sessue Hayakawa, and Colonel Nicholson played by Alec Guinness, clash in an epic struggle of duty, honor, and will.  Saito, a brutal, driven and reclusive prison camp commander stands in stark contrast to the equally driven but erudite and charismatic Nicholson. Upon arriving at the camp, Nicholson demands humane treatment for his troops in accordance with the conventions of war. Saito strikes the British Colonel and confines him in a small, sweltering tin box in an effort to break his will. As the days pass, the tension in the camp builds as the British soldiers, in forced labor, sabotage their Japanese captor's efforts to construct a railway bridge over the River Kwai.  Saito, humbled and desperate, finally summons the emaciated Nicholson to meet in a gripping scene over dinner.  The men ultimately reach a compromise to build the bridge, a compromise that sows the seeds for their eventual destruction. Hayakawa and Guinness, through sheer force of talent, depict the sense of honor and agony that consumes each of their characters.<br />The musical score, cinematography, and direction only accentuate the dramatic force of this movie. If you have never seen the film, I envy your first experience. If you have, then you know the satisfaction you derive from watching it again and again...
6302206294|5.0|I have this movie, and I loved every minute of it! It shows how Robin Hood got his name, and how he and the merry men met in Sherwood Forest.  Kevin Costner makes a better Robin Hood than Eyroll Finn in my opinon.
B00000IGGA|1.0|this disc sounded really bland.lacking any depth.his voice is funny.who told him that he could sing? he had his day a long time ago.
0792839676|4.0|Carrie White was under my bed and in my head in 76, and she's been a somewhay semi-permanent fixture ever since, though much less in the last few years.. For those who are fans of Carrie you'd know why. In my case  Carrie's essential innocence and the loss of it at the hands of peer  pressure/failure to conform, are key elements of the fragmentation of the  most sensitive members of our society, the ones that are most vulnerable to  persecution are they who are most likely to be targeted. We all know the  end result for the effect of this Carrie and those around her, but in the  real world this soulmurder commited on the 'ALTAR OF CONFORMITY' and it is  shattering to the development of an integrated person.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie's soooo good - it makes you want to slap your mama
B00001OH7P|5.0|Ziggy Stardust is a great album with classics like &quot;Starman&quot; or &quot;Rock and Roll Suicide&quot;. Perform by Bowie in one of his picks, and by a very good band, it's at the same time deep, rocker, or for lovers.  It's a one on a life record. You'll love it. Every song is play in the  place it has to be put. You won't be disappointed.
0441003257|4.0|This was an excellent book, it made me laugh out-loud time and time again.  You might want to read the book of Revelations in the bible first, or some of the references may be lost on those who aren't that familiar with the  biblical end of the world.  If you like Terry Pratchett, this book will  certainly not disappoint you, it's much like his Discworld series, only set  in Britain, with American translations provided where appropriate.
B00003W8NM|5.0|If you like Matrix, you have to watch this film! This movie turn your world upside down. The edition of this movie is art, the picture is perfect, and the story knocks you down.
B000021XR5|4.0|i don't know who the people are buying the cd based on down, that's probably one of the least spectacular songs i've ever heard by them.  pruno is a much groovier vibe.  anyone who thinks tiny music was their worst  album (i think it's their most artistic endeavor to date) probably  shouldn't buy this aching for grunge.  it might be my least favorite of the  four, but it's still worth it for all you rock fans out there.
0833563726|5.0|My daughter loves this book, and so does every kid who visits our house!  I read it over and over, with it's rhyming text and wonderful illustrations, I still enjoy it even after all the readings.
B000001E8S|5.0|Brian Eno and U2 probably unwittingly (at least on U2's part) created a brilliant ambient record here; the kind of music that has you staring off into space in a contemplative trance. Bono is probably the least ambient  person in the world, and the one potential threat to such a record, but as  someone else said here his ego is reigned in and his vocals (and lyrics)  only enhance it; in some songs he sings only one line (&quot;time... floats  on by&quot;/&quot;always forever now&quot;) but it works to maximum effect.  It wanes a bit towards the end, but don't mind that. This is the sound of  people being genuinely creative and letting it flow, unlike the  self-concious &quot;Pop&quot; or &quot;Zooropa&quot;
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby has outdone himself on &quot;Play.&quot; If ever God was channeling himself through a musician, Moby is his main disciple. This CD is so deep, so rich, so clearly coming from some higher place, yet, as always, so  danceable, so totally in front of everybody else. <br />As a former New Yorker  now living in Alabama, I used to play Moby's &quot;Everything is  Wrong&quot; on the Walkman when I went running in the park around the  reservoir. Early morning, mist rising off the water, ducks ambling along,  there is no better soul experience. Between the heart-soaring orchestral  God-music on one side of the CD, and the thrash beat on the other, my  endorphins would practically burst out of my body. I didn't think Moby  could get any better, but &quot;Play&quot; is the best thing he's ever  done. <br />Alabama's a mixed experience with all its negative racial history,  but gospel music here is just unbelievable. In &quot;Play&quot; Moby has  totally captured the heart and pain and longing of where gospel is coming  from. He's the best.
B000002UDB|5.0|Relax and take a magical trip into the Beatles England,through Strawberry Fields beneath the blue suburban sky where nothing is real.To a land where all you need is love and a man with his head in a  cloud sees the world  spinning round.Sit in an  English garden and wait for the sun and watch as  the fireman rushes in from the pouring rain and the pretty nurse sell  poppies from a tray.   A psycadelic dreamland for those who can imagine and  wonder like a child.Not quite up there with Sgt Pepper(what is?)but a  bonafide masterpiece none the less. I wont say much about poor Lkeener  except that he/she is ironically an eggman.In the old days insane people  would have placed on there heads a small white cap,thus the eggman.    Seriously this a great,diverse CD &amp; I assume all Beatles fans would  already own it so for any novices/new fans if you like 60's music or just  music alternative or otherwise get this CD you  wont be disappointed. And  dont listen to poor Lkeener as the green eyed monster seems to have struck  this person although he did seem to love all you need is love.
B00000K0T8|5.0|yo check every joint on here is john blaze. the best by the ghost yet yo. yo check the soul  ballads my man lay down . if u dig mad deep music this joint will leave you enlightened
6303443192|5.0|As an avid fan of anything Anne Rice has written I'd say; watch the movie but don't compare it to the book. The movie in itself is, I think a masterpiece but misses a few points from the book. Nevertheless, I watch  this movie over and over again and know the dialogs almost by heart. It is  masterfully done and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys vampire movies.  Absolutely wonderful movie. Ladies, you'll fall in love with Louis and  Armand :-). I for one wish I could join them in their internal quest for  forgiveness and justice.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is very good! The lyrics, vocals, and everything else on this CD all go together very well. I listen to it non-stop over and over. I loved it!
6304500556|1.0|I love vampire movies, I have no problems with blood and gore and can even do without a distinct story line if the movie is at least nice to watch. This one however I could have done without. If you are like me and  romanticise vampires, don't watch this one. If you feel you must see it,  rent it, don't waste your money.
6305603847|5.0|Well listening to the The Wall CD itself is an experince. Watching it on DVD tops it out. The songs are execellent and well depicted. Considering the time when the movie came out , the idea is revolutionary.The animation by Gerald Scarfe is excellent and is beautifuly in sync with the Music. The  animation of the two flowers morphing into two lovers is fantastic. Nothing  beats it. The making of the The Wall Documentary with inetrviews with Alan  Parker, Roger Waters and  Gerald Scarfe help in better understanding of the  movie. Mind you some of the scenes are really unnerving and disturbing ,  but considering the theme of the Album and the movie this is to be  expected. If you are a great fan of Pink Foyd , then is the must have. For  newbies, i suggest listening to the CD first, the movie might confuse you.  Regarding the DVD, the quality of the picture is good. Considering that the  video transfer is widescreen and anamorphic, it is very well done.The  colors are vivid. even in the menus are well done. Infact the menus help to  calibrate your system to enjoy the movie in it's full glory of 5.1 Dolby  Digital. Infact the movie has some easter eggs.
B00000JPH5|5.0|What a great movie! David Bowie looks fabulously sexy and evil at the same time. The movie is ful of adorable creatures who are either helping the heroin or trying to set her on the wrong path. I can highly recommend this  one for children and adults alike. Your whole family will enjoy it!
B000005YZM|2.0|After reading some of the glowing, gushing 5-star reviews praising O & O, I was really ready for an undiscovered gem. I was pretty disappointed in this disc. First of all, it has the 12 tracks of the album presented in  both mono and stereo formats, plus previously unissued, alternate versions  of 3 of the songs. To my ears, the stereo tracks sound far superior and I  would just as soon have those only, but then the record company would have  the problem of charging you full price for a 35 minute disc.  But for  purists and obsessives, and for those who haven't yet figured out how to  use the \\"repeat\\" button, the two versions will be welcome.   Secondly, and most importantly, the album is just completely WIMPY! Yes,  \\"Care of Cell 44\\" has a nice chorus; \\"Butcher's Tale\\"  is strange and haunting to be sure; and \\"Time of the Season\\", of  course, is among the greatest of pop songs. But the rest of this record was  just boring, precious, and adolescent in the worst sense.  I gave it 3 or 4  listens and just didn't get it, I guess. I must admit that the unissued mix  of \\"Time of the Season\\" was interesting due to the alternate  instrumentation in the chorus. One congratulates the Zombies on rejecting  this mix in favor of the one we know and love, though: the droput of bass,  drums and guitar underneath the hook allows the eerie, chilling vocals  (& keyboard) to provide the power. A nice study in artistic choice.  In  closing--for truly great Britpop songcraft stick to the masters--Beatles,  Kinks, Who, Stones, and their glorious progeny--Elvis Costello, Squeeze,  the La's, Stone Roses, and Oasis. The Zombies remain a 3 song band, in my  book.  P.S. from 4/8/04. Wow! Write a negative review and people just hate ya! Everyone finds the gushy, vague, and un-critical reviews to be so \\"helpful\\" to them in deciding what to buy. That is how I wasted my money on this disc. Or maybe people just register their disagreement this way. Or maybe people want to be convinced to spend their money impulsively on-line, and this review messes with their One-Click mania. Or, maybe the review is a poorly-written piece of garbage. All I know is, I have written other negative or lukewarm reviews, and I have never gotten so many \\"unhelpful\\" votes on a review as this one--except when I wrote a negative review of \\"Let It Be Naked\\". Wow!  Knock the Beatles and you are really in for it! Well, go ahead and try this tepid Zombies fare but don't say I didn't warn you! And please vote \\"unhelpful\\" as you exit....  ADDENDUM 7/11/08   CONSPRIACY THEORY???  I gotta tell ya--something fishy is going on with the reviews of this record. I reviewed it about 6 years ago and gave it two stars--because that was all it was worth, brother. I periodically look at my old reviews and see how they fare, and this one just gets so many 'unhelpful' votes. But today I noticed that anyone giving this record 3 stars or less gets an unusually, ridiculously high percentage of negative votes, and anything with 4 and above has an unusually, ridiculously high percentage of positive votes. I hate to sound paranoid, but something seems a bit weird about this. It's really a little too partisan, like someone is stuffing the ballot box. No matter--I still stand by my original review, that this is \\"an under-rated classic\\" for a very, very good reason--it is a very weak album overall, with only a few strong cuts, and the rest filler. If you are looking to discover a 60s masterpiece you may never have heard, try Forever Changes by Love, or Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus by Spirit. I say--Don't buy the hype on Odyssey and Oracle--but you probably will!
6305079900|5.0|This is a fast paced, chilling and violent adventure in which the acting, characters, plot and directing just work very well together.  I was at the edge of my set the whole movie, yet I was also amused by some of the subtle  humor, symbolism, and little hidden messages that the director through in.   Great movie.
B00003OSSL|1.0|I have always been a fan of Harrison Ford. So, when my girlfriend said she wanted to go see this &quot;chick flic&quot; I didn't mind. This movie was awful, both of us hated it. We almost left the theatre half way through the  movie (many people did), but we decided to give it a chance....bad  decision.
B0000026UL|5.0|This album is too often overlooked -- I think it's his only masterpiece after Blood on the Tracks. Much attention these days is given to Time Out of Mind, but to me, this is where Lanois does the most with Dylan's unreal  talent. There's an eerie sense of prophecy...of carrying the weight of the  world on his shoulders, especially in &quot;Ring Them Bells&quot; and  &quot;Political World.&quot; Awe-inspiring.
6305508550|5.0|This was seriously one of the best movies I have ever seen.  I rented it and watched it 4 times, then skipped to some of the really funny parts and watched them a few more times.  It almost gets funnier every time you watch  it.  A lot of the subtle humor goes unnoticed by some people, but I thought  it was all great.  Even the parts that aren't hysterically funny are still  entertaining.  Great movie, must buy!
0871137380|5.0|This book should be required reading.  The story it tells is not just of some very brave American soldiers but it also tells of the status of the 3rd World and the Clinton military.  It is important to be the world's  police force, however it does not come easy.  There is a price to pay.   This book was exciting and at the same time very moving.  I had no idea  what these soldiers went through.  If you want to read a good book, an  exciting story that is true...READ THIS book.  What's most interesting is  that this really happened.
6305603847|5.0|A great movie with an even greater sound track
B000031XCR|1.0|Celine Dion is one of the most popular artists around these days, so I thought I'd check this out ... It's appalling. Seems the Schlock Factory has been working overtime. &quot;Because You Loved Me&quot; is a particular  low point. The songs are maudlin and treacly, the singing is way overblown,  and it's all in all a sludge-fest of gooey sentimentality, bad songwriting  and over-singing. Avoid.
B000002KHY|5.0|I am a metalhead.  I love metal bands like Ironmaiden, judas priest, those kinds.  But it's impossilbe not to love a great musician, no matter his style.  Taylor has a great voice, and his music is wonderful.  he has a few  that are forgettable, but so what?  He has a sound that people have tried  to copy, but nothing can compare.  I love good music, and great melodies,  he is a great artist. buy this and see what he has to offer..
0805062971|5.0|this book is a commentary on the way the world has evolved into a giant commercial. we are dictated what to wear, how to look, and what job to have. social acceptance is necessary. in this book, mr. palahniuk tells us  that this is not the way to live. and he wakes the reader up o the world  around them. through fight clubs, the world's men begin to regain a sense  of self. something that tyler durden, inventor of fight club, believes is  slowly being removed from all of us. this book will excite you about  regaining your identity from corporations and media that are determined to  steal from us all. buy this book!
B000002IO1|5.0|Alannah Myles is one of the better artists I know of. I highly appreciate her music and would recomend it to anyone who is open for good music. This specific album is one that I've grown up with. Although I've never been one  to listen to it excessively, it's always a good one to count on.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|she can sing? nah...i've heard better. she really does try and i give her credit but she doesn't carry the vocals well at all...the only two songs that are really ok to listen to is &quot;Waiting for Tonight&quot; and  &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; which ironically is the only 2 that plays  over and over and over on the radio to the point you can actually say her  songs are not the best. I don't think she did well as an actress (except  selena, she did a great job there)either now not the singing department.  It's like she's trying too hard guys.
0684872153|5.0|I have been an avid reader all my life.  From all my childhood reading and all the marvelous literature I read as an English major in college, I can honestly say that &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; was the most moving book I  have read.  It is amazing to see that any individual could overcome such  dire hardships and sadness in his young life.  The one thing that kept me  smiling throughout the book was knowing that Mr. McCourt became a teacher  and author and had a family and brought happiness to himself and so many  others.  I can't wait to read &quot;'Tis&quot;.  I also have my copy of  Malachy's book &quot;A Monk Swimming&quot; ready to read as well.
6301966015|5.0|At first when I watched this movie I wasn't sure how I felt about it, but now after researching and discussing it I love it.  It really makes you think about your own perceptions and your own truth.  It's packed with so  many symbols and thoughts.  It's a a movie about yearning for the natural  and reality.  It proves your prejudices wrong and it's color and technique  can only be praised.
B000001G89|5.0|Teresa Berganza is the greatest Carmen ever, period. No other Carmen has ever understood this role better. Berganza lacks nothing in fire. It's just that Carmen is NOT a pre-Pagliacci verismo opera. Regina Resnik recording  is SUCH a vulgar affair, that it fully deserves Mario del Monaco as Don  Jose. The only Carmen worse than that is Horne's in DG.
630529142X|1.0|one of the worst movies and DVD's made. Skip it
0684872153|5.0|Angela' Ashes was the most interisting book  I've ever read. I see commercials about poor people, but I've never read a book about an actual family or person. This book got me hooked from the very first page. I  couldn't put the book down. It's hard to believe the way things were in the  1930's and the 1940's. I wasn't born yet so I can compair my life with the  McCourts or any other family living in those times let alone in Limerk,  Ireland. This book keeps you glued to the pages to see what will happen to  the family next. I wonder will they get a better life? Do they survive?  What happens next? The story shows what hard work and determination can do  for ones self. I can't wait to read &quot;'Tis&quot;.
B000002J2F|4.0|I was 10 when this album came out and it is still my favorite of all time. But i was very dissapointed in the &quot;Remastering&quot; of the CD. All the songs sound totaly different than the original that i had on cassette  whay back when. I would love to find the original recording version.
0380796090|5.0|This books is so much fun!  It reads like a conversation, as if a stranger in a queue started talking to you, and talking and talking and then suddenly you know all these parts of their life!  Kind of life the image of  Forrest Gump, sitting waiting for a bus.<br />Claire has just given birth to  their daughter, when husband James decides to tell her that he's having an  affair with the woman in the flat below them.  Claire goes home to her  family to fall apart, which she accomplishes successfully and then, with  help, to put herself back together.  When her husband shows up to play  husband and daddy, Claire has to decide whether no father for her child is  better than a cold no-blame father.<br />Totally memorable and life-like  characters, really looking forward to reading Rachel's Holiday now!
6305268177|3.0|I love bee gee's songs and  I own this DVD(DTS version). I am not sure whether it is just my copy. The audio is not up to any dolby digital standard not to mention DTS. Most of the time, the center and the sourround  channels do not have much music effect/instrument or vocal, except  occasional background noise and audience's applause.<br />I am not sure  whether this is malfunctioning that happened to a certain number of DVD  produced at a certain time. If it is, then i would ask for a  return/refund.<br />If all DVDs produced are like this.Then this is really bad  production. A bad DVD at the expense of very good, memorable songs by BEE  GEEs. (e-mail:dlee_at@yahoo.com)<br />A good dts music dvd to model after is  'Hell freezes over' by Eagles - best use of all 6 channels in a well  planned/beautifully mixed architecture. (i am not as great fan of Eagles,  but this dvd is by far the best engineered, audio-ly and video-ly)
B00000JGHM|3.0|Heat has two of the greatest actors ever in it, but the movie isn't one of the best ever. I still thought it was O.K. The DVD provides average picture and sound, but no extras. If you like action films, it's worth it.
0684872153|5.0|Angela' Ashes was the most interisting I've ever read. I see commercials about poor people, but I've never read a book about an actual family or person. This book got me hooked from the very first page. I couldn't put  the book down. It's hard to believe the way things were in the 1930's and  the 1940's. I wasn't born yet so I can compair my life with the McCourts or  any other family living in those times let alone in Limerk, Ireland. This  book keeps you glued to the pages to see what will happen to the family  next. I wonder will they get a better life? Do they survive? What happens  next? The story shows what hard work and determination can do for ones  self. I can't wait to read &quot;'Tis&quot;.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game, by Orson Scott Card, is about a young boy in the future who is going to be trained for battle. The action of the book are his adventures at battle school.    I loved the book. It was very  suspenseful, and it made you feel that you were there. I would suggest this  book for ages 8 and up. When I was finished, I liked it so much that I went  up to my sister and told her to read it. It is a wonderful science fiction.
0812548094|5.0|I have just finished reading Stone Of Tears and I have to say this it is as good,if not better,than Wizards First Rule. Both books move at a lightening pace and there are surprises at every turn. The characters are  flesh and blood and not some cardboard cutouts that seem to plague most  books. You really feel for Richard and the rest of the gang as they go on  their separate journeys. I will warn you though,these books are dark,with a  surprising amount of graphic violence and sexuality,they are not for  children. Surprisingly the darkness of the books actually works,it does not  repulse as one might imagine but adds to the story and the ultimate  &quot;light&quot; it lends to the characters at the end. If you are  considering starting this series by all means do so. It is well worth your  time. Looking forward to reading Blood Of The Fold,which I have just  purchased. Keep them coming Mr Goodkind!
6305268177|3.0|I love bee gee's songs and  I own this DVD(DTS version). I am not sure whether it is just my copy. The audio is not up to any dolby digital standard not to mention DTS. Most of the time, the center and the sourround  channels do not have much music effect/instrument or vocal, except  occasional background noise and audience's applause.<br />I am not sure  whether this is malfunctioning that happened to a certain number of DVD  produced at a certain time. If it is, then i would ask for a  return/refund.<br />If all DVDs produced are like this.Then this is really bad  production. A bad DVD at the expense of very good, memorable songs by BEE  GEEs. (e-mail:dlee_at@yahoo.com)
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix is a good movie with great special effects. The DVD is probably one of the top ten on the market today. It has plenty of extras and the movie itself looks amazing. It is a hell of a buy for under $20 and I  highly recommend. You won't be disappionted.
B000021XS0|5.0|I FIND IT FUNNY HOW THE FEW PEOPLE WHO KNOCK THE ALBUM REFUSE TO PUT THEIR NAMES ON THEIR REVIEWS.  FIRST OFF, AFTER THE OBVIOUS DISAPPOINTMENT OF FALLING INTO INFINITY THIS ALBUM REALLY IS A MASTERPIECE.  BEING A NON  MUSICIAN WHO HAPPENS TO LOVE DT, I REALLY GET TIRED OF ALL THE WANNA BE  JOHN PETRUCCI'S WHO CONSTANTLY FIND FAULT WITH BAND.  SFAM IS SIMPLY A  GREAT ALBUM.  NICE STORYLINE, GREAT MUSIC, AND GOOD LYRICS.  PLEASE LET  OPERATION MINDCRIME BE OPERATION MINDCRIME, AND LET THIS ALBUM STAND ON  IT'S OWN.  THERE ARE OBVIOUS SIMILARITIES TO PINK FLOYD, BUT IS THAT SO  BAD?  IF YOU ARE A NEW DT FAN STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE AND GO WITH IMAGES  AND WORDS.  HARDCORE DT FANS CAN CONTINUE TO GET CHILLS EVERY TIME THEY  HEAR THE HYPNOTHERAPIST SAY,  &quot;WAKE UP NICHOLAS&quot;
B00002E233|2.0|This movie was not action packed like it says.  It is about some sharks that all of a sudden get &quot;smart&quot;.  I dont know if it seemed to short or to long but they atmosphere never changes.  The reason I gave it 2  stars is because of the actors and it showed alot of graphic material.  I  would not reccommend buying this movie.
B000031WD9|1.0|I honestly don't understand the big attraction to this movie. High School never had a chance of ever happening that way and the story is unbelievable at best. Save your money - if you really need a film about sex go to an  Adult Video Store, it'll cost you less in the long run.
0684874350|5.0|Okay, you know from the numerous reviews and comments that this is an autobiographical tale about a boy, born of Irish parents in America, yet reared (if it can be called that) in Ireland.  There is much in this book  that will sadden and anger you.  In fact, you mightn't think that a story  about a boy and his family living in a state of squalor in the generally  cheerless environment of wet and gloomy Limerick would be much fun to read  about, or to laugh about for that matter.  But the author makes it not only  readable but engaging and entertaining, with healthy portions of humor,  sardonic, irreverent or otherwise, laced throughout.  That Frank McCourt  can actually make the reader chuckle, considering the bleak subject matter  is remarkable, but also remarkable is the story itself, one that almost  screams to be made into a movie.  Of course it has but I haven't seen it  and, to be truthful, I'm kind of scared to;  judging from some of the  reviews I've read, I'm afraid it may spoil the book.
0517118297|5.0|Jane Austen is fabulous, and I love her works.  This book lives up to its title by truly being the complete works; it is very difficult to find &quot;Lady Susan&quot; separately, and most collections do not include it  at all.  The only problem that I have with this book is obscure but  irritating to an Austen fan -- the inside flap introduces the book by  saying that Austen wrote in the eighteenth century, when she wrote in the  nineteenth.  It is irritating and trivial, but it has made me question  where else an editor might slip up in including all of the text if he/she  cannot get the century correct.  I will continue my search for a separate  copy of &quot;Lady Susan.&quot;
B000002JST|4.0|The album is definitely a testament to what AC/DC are all about-a band that has always strayed true to their roots and never succumbing to the latest trend-of-the-month. When it comes to songwriting, this band always  tries to keep the lyrical content simple, which is evident on &quot;Big  Balls&quot;. My only complaint here would be that the inclusion of  &quot;Problem Child&quot; is unnecessary if you already own  1977's  &quot;Let There Be Rock&quot;, but that song can still whip any fan into a  fighting frenzy after a  few listens. And Angus Young's solo at the end of  the song demonstrates that you don't have to be Yngwie Malmsteen to produce  such an array of mind-blowing arpeggios and sweeps. Highly recommended.
6304675348|2.0|I didn't exactly hate &quot;Scream.&quot; It's actually a great comedy. But I would never classify this light hearted, sardonic film, filled to the brim with our favorite tv actors, as horror. Horror transends time - it is  supernatural, dark, lovely and completely outlandish. This film spoonfeeds  horror to those who know nothing about the genres itself. It's sad to see  that the great horror meistro Wes Craven took on this silly project. I  don't blame him though, the genres has hit an all time low, even though  critics say it's coming back with this dumb movie and the pathetic Blair  Witch Project. The problem with Scream is that it relies on cheap, jump in  your face, thrills and some fancy ruminations on old tricks of the horror  movie's trade. Please. People think that's intelligent and witty? Try  making a real horror movie, without the big actors and funny quips - now  that's a challenge. See The Texas Chainsaw Massacre - not for a moment does  that movie sway from its truly ominous atmosphere. And some horror movies  are just straight funny - mostly because they are campy and take themselves  100% seriously. Scream never takes itself seriously. I was just waiting for  the next cast member from &quot;Friends&quot; to pop up on the screen and  make some stupid, so called &quot;witty&quot; remark about an old classic  horror film. How pathetic.
B000005JA8|5.0|This record is INEFFIBLE. It is truly a masterpiece of 20th century music, period. I am only 19, so I didn't experience the hippie generation's 'enlightened' times with gregarious amounts of drugs and meaningless sex;  however, I still love this album. Besides, the THC laced ideology of the  hippies has basically left its legacy with an apathetic and disillusioned  generation. Back to TMR...The production isn't great, but the immediacy of  this work will startle even the most seasoned listener. I am also a huge  Zappa fan, so this was right on my level. If you like Zappa, especially the  Mothers of Invention stuff (like 'Lumpy Gravy'), then you will appreciate  this. If you are just discovering Beefheart, then check out 'Safe As  Milk','Clear Spot', or 'Spotlight Kid.' CB's Howlin' Wolf exaggerated vocal  style is unmatched by anyone. I have no idea about 'Pet Sounds'....I never  knew it was considered to be in the same category as TMR. Frankly I don't  give a damn about the Beach Boys....they were good at harmonizing, and then  ingesting LSD for inspiration. I am bummed to hear that 'Lick My Decals Off  Baby' is out of print. Helped me understand Tom Waits, Sonic Youth, the  Boredoms, and MUSIC PERIOD all a little better. This music is an intense  aesthetic...if you are a true music fan who has patience and an  understanding of art, then you will dig this. Salvador Dali is to 20th  century visual art as Beefheart is to music. His contribution cannot be  underestimated. Totally shatters convention. Redefines musical boundaries.  A nightmare to record execs everywhere. Rhythmically challenging,  poetically beautiful, TMR is a 20th century music masterpiece.
B00004BZ16|5.0|One of my all time favorites. Sandinista! will be criticized for being sprawling, unfocused and lacking the tightly crafted punch of London Calling; all true, but it's like criticizing the all-over-the-map  brilliance of the White Album for not being like Revolver. All sorts of  musical styles are given a go here as they expand out to reggae, dub, soul,  even waltz and more, with the results being almost always exciting and  listenable, all with the intelligent, personal/political lyrics The Clash  were known for. The reissue sounds a lot better than the original, with  much improved bass sound, and lyrics included too. Put it on, take the ride  and be glad they had the audacity to put out a 3 record set.
B0000028RR|5.0|RATM is one of my favorite bands!   I already have Evil Empire and Battle Of Los Angeles, but I just got this one a couple of days ago and i wouldnt sell it to anyone for $100,000,000!   It has great guitar, and has great  songs like&quot;Killing In The Name&quot;, and &quot;Wake Up&quot;!   If  you buy this c-d you wont regret it!   And if you like this one be sure to  get Evil Empire!
B00001OH7P|5.0|This is just an amazing album!  You have to listen to it all the way through without any distractions to just completly take it all in... from &quot;Five Years&quot; telling of the world's ending though rocking songs  like &quot;Moonage Daydream&quot;, &quot;Star&quot;, &quot;Hold On To  Yourself&quot; and &quot;Suffragte City&quot; to the self-explantory  &quot;Rock 'N Roll Sucide&quot; (all time fave), this CD just rocks!
0451160916|5.0|If you need blood and guts every few pages to stay interested in a book, you will be dissapointed. If your definition of drama is the murderous villains lengthy monologue before his final, grisly defeat, you will be  dissapointed. If you're looking for a clone of the movie in book form, you  will be /very/ dissapointed.<br />If, however, you appreciate one of those  rare novels that leads you into the story step by step, immersing you with  effortless grace into the world in which it occurs, a world that is, on the  surface, plain and even non-descript yet brimming just beneath with murky,  brooding awareness, then this one might be for you. If you appreciate full  and starkly realistic characters painted in bold and brilliant strokes of  emotion and personality, you may want to have a look. Finally, if you can  accept Steven King as something more than &quot;The Horrormeister&quot;,  and instead as a natural story-teller who is as capable of capturing the  subtles and nuances of terror as the hack and slash aspects, who can blend  it perfectly into a familiar yet hauntingly awry world of ghosts darkness  and ordinary people struggling against not only such mundane horrors as  abuse and acoholism but horrors of a decidedly more supernatural nature,  then you might be ready for this book.<br />I was captivated by the plight of  Danny, a very unique young boy, struggling against unimaginable forces out  of pure, unconditional love for his father. Likewise, Jack Torrence is not  merely the bloodlusting maniac of the movie, but a man who is hounded by  his alcoholism, all the way into the heart of the Colorado Rockies where he  attempts to come to terms with his personal ghosts and heal the rift that  is threatening to pull his family apart. Despite his best efforts, however,  the sinister awareness that has infested the Overlook, an awareness birthed  by years of murder and tragedy, slowly twists him to it's evil ends in a  heart-breaking struggle of wills.<br />This book is full of disturbingly  memorable imagery, moments of slow and creeping terror that will keep you  turning pages deep into the night. The ending is a satisfying as it is  tragic, bringing the grisly drama to a gut-wrenching climax and exorcising  the tortured prisoners of the Overlook in a curtain of purifying  flame.<br />As King books go, this is one of his finest. As far as any book  goes, this is one of the scariest I've ever read.
0380977281|5.0|Gaiman, known to most for her 'Sandman' series of comic books, continues to enchant fans in novels as well. This, a tale of Faerie, enthralls by being a combination of an old-fashioned fairy tale, but with motivations  and characterisations that are completely contemporary. Truly special.
0553062182|5.0|This book touches on a topic few people discuss...why some people are so sensitive.  I love how the author tries to reassure the highly sensitive that no, they not crazy or \\"flawed.\\"  I tend to be drawn to  highly sensitive people; many of my favorite celebrities, including singer  Steve Perry & the late Princess Diana are highly sensitive.  Also my  favorite fictional book character, Mary Anne Spier is very sensitive. So are my favorite sci-fi character Beverly Crusher and my favorite sitcom character, Jackie Harris.<br /><br />Sensitive people fascinate me; they seem to have a surreal, pleasing  quality about them that sets them apart from normal people.  Maybe that's  why many of them feel \\"odd\\" or \\"different.\\"  I like how  the book encourages the highly sensitive to learn to deal with their strong  emotions, not try to hide from them or let their emotions overwhelm them.  We need more research and books about sensitivity.
0399226907|5.0|My son loves this book, I am very glad we got it for our son
6305657939|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater and have rented it 6 times since to show to friends.  The more I watch it, the more I come to apperciate the complex and well developed characters.  It wasn't one of your predictable-teenage  films.  I was very impressed!
0446310786|5.0|This book was absolutely wonderful. I hear those who say the book was boring or didn't have enough &quot;of the real plot,&quot; when in fact the plot is all about growing up and growing older, where the world gets  frightening and all the people we used to run to for protection are  helpless. This book was meaningful to me in this way. There are also people  who say that Harper Lee spends too much time with exposition. The  exposition was totally necessary. It set up a safe, known environment for  the children we hear from- only to have it crashed down and turn into  chaos. Its message of equality and condemning of racial attitudes was a  lesson powerful in that time and is now. Those people dissapointed with the  book don't look beyond Tom Robinson's trial to see it's real meaning. If  this book is &quot;boring,&quot; I hope never to read an exciting book as  long as I live.
B00000J6AG|5.0|&quot;The artist that makes others sound bad&quot; is how I have heard it put by friends after they have listened to this great piece of art created by the vegan that calls himself &quot;moby&quot;.This new album is  by far  the best of moby's many works.It is certain that it must and will be  rememberd in the years to come!
0694003611|5.0|My 5 month old loves this book more than any other one...it's a great story =
B0000028VT|5.0|I have been listening to Mariah Carey almost since her debut in 1990 but it was after listening to Music Box that I became a dedicated Mariah Fan. That conviction was further strengthened after she came out with Daydream  and Butterfly even though all 3 albums show a gradual progression from  Pop/Soft Rock to R&amp;B/Hip Hop. My favorite tracks from this album as  follows: 1. Hero (just listen to the lyrics and you will         start  crying) 2. All I've Ever Wanted (if you have ever really                           loved someone you may                          realize how much                           significance this song                          has) 3.  Music Box (Beautiful Melody !) 4. Just To Hold You Once Again 5. Anytime  You Need A Friend 6. Dreamlover (Rocked Fall 1993 with this radio                 superhit!) 7. Now That I Know (Get ready to dance!) 8. Never Forget  You 9. Thinking Of You 10. Without You <br />Ever single song, you can just  listen over and over and over again. Some of them actually grew on me. This  is simply an absolute must-have for any fan of pop music.
B00000JZC4|5.0|The talent of Richard Patrick and his song writing ability is awesome. Title of record totally rocks.
0345404475|4.0|I have yet to see Blade Runner so I can't figure how the story would work without the animal theme. This was a good story, though. It seemed like the androids were humans as we know them(generally indifferent to the plight of  animals) and the humans were actually super-humans(had telepathic powers)  and that was neat. The JR Isidore sub-plot was not as interesting as the  main plot. The Buster Friendly - Wilbur Mercer sub-plot was cool, though,  especially when Buster makes his announcement.
0451169514|5.0|This is a great book... and one of my very favorite ones Stephen King wrote. I think IT was a great book because of the characters, friendship, and horror in it. The begining was sort of bad since it talked about those  men like that, but the rest was perfect! It was worth reading it, and for  those of you who quit reading it because it was &quot;too long&quot; then  you missed a lot or are just lazy and hate reading. The movie was very good  too, and long, but had tons of details in it also. Read it if you like  horror... and if you are terrified of clowns! The ending was very  surprising, and it did make me understand why that monster kept saying  &quot;They all float down here..&quot; You'll know what I mean if your read  it.
B00000DFRS|5.0|When I bought this CD in New York sometime November 1998, I did so because I have always bought her albums, but didn't like the way the music changed so much. I had the same deja vu feeling about her greater cousin Dionne  Warwick when Dionne did the Heartbreaker album. I'm sure by now we all know  how these 2 mega selling albums fared as far as milestone is concerned.  This new album of Whitney is nothing like her past, except for the  &quot;When U Believe&quot; track with Missy Mariah, and that track itself  is in a class of it's own-sweet,really sweet. What will grab you in this  album is the incredibly intelligent lyrics each tracks offers on the story  of its motivation. You dun say &quot;I will survive&quot; no more these  days, no siree...U move on with Whitney in style and say, &quot;It's Not  Right, But It's Ok&quot;. Makes you wonder if she took politically correct  classes or joined a Deepak Chopra movement. Tracks like &quot;I Learnt From  The Best&quot; really packs punches on doing a double take on your partner  if getting even is your cup of tea, but again, she does it with real  empowering style-read the lyrics. I can go on, but these days, listening to  the album is like putting funk back into my moves and I own 2 of this same  album (it's that good!), one for each of the 2 places I transmute between.  Looking at the billboard of recent, you will inadvertently spot hit creeper  tracks from this great project. The songs will grow on you and then really  make you an addict. &quot;My Love Is Your Love&quot; will ressurect any  dead romance-again, listen to the lyrics! Whitney has set a new standard,  one that is clearly ahead of our times and I know, unbeatable. Keep singing  Whitney, you know the game like no one else and we salute you girl!
0679731377|4.0|Warning: Fundamentalist Christians who treasure their Bible, taking every word literally, pronouncing its absolute truth, and key to salvation should stay away from A History of the World in 10  Chapters!  The Bible is  Julian Barnes' playground.  Did you ever wonder about the creation myths of  Genesis, the story of Jonah and the whale, and the nature of truth in  religion and in history?  Well, it appears that author Julian Barnes has  wondered about these things to a large extent, prompting and inspiring him  to write A History of the World in 10  Chapters.  The reader knows that  Mr. Barnes is a naughty boy (but side-splittingly hysterical) when he  paints Noah, savior and Patriarch of humanity, as an incompetent  discriminating drunkard in the very first chapter (not to mention, he has  some very creative uses for a unicorn).  Nothing is sacred here.  Barnes is  indirectly addressing several deep and pressing issues of human existence  through these uniquely different but beautifully interwoven ten chapters  (the exquisitely crafted and philosophic underpinnings of the half chapter  serve as an explanation and key to the connection of themes).  The genius  of the half chapter lies in its placement (after the eighth chapter).  Barnes' writing style is entralling as well as hilarious, captivating us,  driving us mad to find the connections.  He drives home the point that  history is not always clear cut when told from various subjective voices.  An expert at reading between the lines, Barnes deconstructs the myths of  the Old Testament, namely that of Jonah and Noah, transforming them into  engrossing and hilarious alternate accounts of what \\"traditionally\\"  transpired.  This novel is unique in its structure, connecting each  successive story (all different and dealing with a separate time in  history) by some small fascinating detail.  Barnes adopts several different  points of view throughout the novel and connects various people's lives  throughout history using motifs (often religious ones).  In addition to its  structure, Barnes' creativity and originality flourishes in this piece of  work.  Using a stowaway on Noah's Ark to \\"set the record straight\\" is  ingenious. With a keen eye for detail (showcased in the chapter entitled  \\"Shipwreck\\"), Barnes illustrates throughout the novel, humans obsession  with the purity of race.  He begins with Noah separating the clean from the  unclean animals on the Ark and shows this trend throughout history.  In one  instance he details the plight of the Jews just before World War II,  fleeing Nazi Germany in desperation only to be turned away by all  countries.  The humanity and dignity of the individuals is completely  ignored by the Committees who negotiate the prices of their freedom as if  the refugees were cattle.  The novel takes an intelligent, satirical, and  humorous approach to a completely subjective, materialistically cold, and  remorseless account of history.  He questions the \\"fabulated God-eyed  version\\" of historical truth.  Barnes challenges the molds of binary  oppositions (clean/unclean, American/British, Indian/White, etc.) and  challenges the reader to view history with a more scrutinizing eye.  Whose  version of the truth are we hearing?  This is central to Barnes' philosophy  of an objective truth.  And in the end, as John and Paul said, \\"All You  Need Is Love.\\"  Love is intricately connected with truth in that it allows  for a clearer vision of reality, therefore allowing for a more objective  view of history.  As Barnes says, even though love may fail us, it teaches  us to \\"stand up to history, to ignore its chin-out strut At times, Barnes  becomes tangled in his own beautifully crafted web of language, making it  cumbersome for the reader to continue (arm yourself with a dictionary).  Otherwise, this is a witty, thought provoking, and insightful novel which  demands a reading.  .\\"  This novel deserves 4 1/2 stars.ry using motifs (often religious ones).  In addition to its  structure, Barnes' creativity and originality flourishes in this piece of  work.  Using a stowaway on Noah's Ark to \\"set the record straight\\" is  ingenious. With a keen eye for detail (showcased in the chapter entitled  \\"Shipwreck\\"), Barnes illustrates throughout the novel, humans obsession  with the purity of race.  He begins with Noah separating the clean from the  unclean animals on the Ark and shows this trend throughout history.  In one  instance he details the plight of the Jews just before World War II,  fleeing Nazi Germany in desperation only to be turned away by all  countries.  The humanity and dignity of the individuals is completely  ignored by the Committees who negotiate the prices of their freedom as if  the refugees were cattle.  The novel takes an intelligent, satirical, and  humorous approach to a completely subjective, materialistically cold, and  remorseless account of history.  He questions the \\"fabulated God-eyed  version\\" of historical truth.  Barnes challenges the molds of binary  oppositions (clean/unclean, American/British, Indian/White, etc.) and  challenges the reader to view history with a more scrutinizing eye.  Whose  version of the truth are we hearing?  This is central to Barnes' philosophy  of an objective truth.  And in the end, as John and Paul said, \\"All You  Need Is Love.\\"   Love is intricately connected with truth in that it allows  for a clearer vision of reality, therefore allowing for a more objective  view of history.  As Barnes says, even though love may fail us, it teaches  us to \\"stand up to history, to ignore its chin-out strut At times, Barnes  becomes tangled in his own beautifully crafted web of language, making it  cumbersome for the reader to continue (arm yourself with a dictionary).   Otherwise, this is a witty, thought provoking, and insightful novel which  demands a reading.  .\\"  This novel deserves 4 1/2 stars.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Probably one of the best movies of all time!  You lose the whole effect of the movie when you watch it in English. Very inspiring, and touching film. i loved it!  It ranks 1 out of all the movies I have seen
B0000214F0|5.0|First of all, the quality is really not that bad.  If you like at the VHS edition, you'll notice considerable differences.  The scene where Caligula dances in the rain looks far better on DVD, as well as many others.  I  thought the nudity was a little gratiutous, and the violence is really  tough to watch, but the film is erotic and well-made, with intriguig  characters and a great soundtrack.  Some of the best scenes:<br />1. Caligula  develops a fever and Caesonia overhears a plot developing against him 2.  The opening scene 3. Nerva's suicide 4. The decapitation machine 4. The  ending<br />Still, there are some disgusting and unpleasant scenes, and the  infamous &quot;dog food&quot; scene is repulsive.  If you can handle it,  Caligula will truly be a film lingering in one's memory
B00003CXAA|5.0|Every positive thing said about this movie is true - it is one of the greatest movies ever made, and it always will be. Interesting fact: the scene with Pacino and Brando in the garden near the end wasn't even in the  book, even though it's one of the most important scenes in the movie.
6305750750|4.0|George Lucas had a tough row to hoe:  He had already created the most successful movie series of all time, but after a nearly 20 year gap was expected to take up where he left off and meet everyone's anticipations and  expectations.  Well, he met mine!  I was very pleased with this movie!  I  especially liked the way the design of the movie implied that the republic  was at one time the pinnacle of galactic achievement; the architecture,  spacecraft, fashion, etc.  The later years (witnessed in A New Hope, The  Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi) show decay and the breakdown  of the organized consumer base.  This was reminiscient of the  &quot;Foundation&quot; trilogy by Isaac Asimov to me.  I give it a thumbs  up!  WAY up!
B000022TSY|4.0|Great for people who are nostalgic for the 60's; even if you wern't alive back then (I wasn't). Great music adds just the right touch to this excellent film.
B00003CX9E|5.0|If you're reading this review then you're almost convinced to watch CITIZEN KANE. I'll try my best to convince you some more to watch this fantastic movie with epic proportions.  To begin, you must watch the movie through antiquated eyes. Relative to today's movies there is no real  originality of CK. Relative to the movies made in the 40's and even the  50's, CK sticks out like a sore thumb. The choreography, the music, the  story, and even the dialogue all hold original qualities. This original  approach consequently became a path for other movies to follow.  Although  Kain was a successful man, the movie is in fact a tragedy.  Some of my  own-adapted themes: -capitalism vs life; is it all worth it? ie: Money and  identity does not equal love. The richness of life is purer than any sum of  money. Kane had everything, but he didn't have happiness. Happiness comes  not from boardroom meetings or fancy Dinner Balls, but from inside of  oneself. He knew this, but he never found a way to grasp it.
6305127689|3.0|It is rather ridiculous but it works well enough as entertainment. The movie doesn't add up to much, but it works okay as no-brainer entertainment (unlike Armageddon, which was just plain terrible.)
B000005RY7|3.0|To fill in time between THE ELDER and CREATURES OF THE NIGHT,Kiss sent out this greatest hits package to test the waters.The four new tracks (first worked on after the UNMASKED tour) are the weak songs on this  release.there's a reason that Gene and Paul never played them live;they're  below par.It seems the boys can't decide to toughen their sound or remain  &quot;pop&quot;.The choice of hits is slap-dash at best.Why the live  version of &quot;Rock 'N' Roll All Nite&quot;?If you want to collect the  Kiss greatest hits albums,this is the order in which to get them:GREATEST  HITS,DOUBLE PLATINUM,SMASHES THRASHES AND HITS,KILLERS.In my opinion this  is a &quot;filler&quot; hits package.Buy as a collector's item only.
0553577123|5.0|Inside the pages of this book you will find the spirit of a bright and beautiful young girl yearning to be free from confinement and hoping to someday contribute something to the world. She was eventually brought down  by evil, but her contribution will live on forever. For anyone who  believes in the triumph of good over evil and the undying human spirit  ...Do read this book.  Anne, you are not forgotten.
B000002552|4.0|This set is essential to any comprehensive Dylan collection, (&quot;Tears of Rage&quot; &amp; &quot;This Wheel&quot; are worth the price alone,) but it is of course much more than that.  Once you've clued into this fact,  read Greil Marcus's book and hunt down the rest of the basement recordings.   They'll get their hooks in ya.
044022165X|5.0|I just finished The Rainmaker in a week! It normally takes me a couple months to read a novel. I have been a big fan of Grisham for awhile, and I thought this was the best book I've read by him yet. The humor, plus the  David and Goliath theme made it very enjoyable to read. The small twist at  the end was great. I can't say anything better about this book other than  the old cliche' &quot;I couldn't put it down&quot;
0062502182|3.0|...yet it had left me feeling rather strange. While I could relate to many messages underlying the narrative, many of them went so crucially against my beliefs about the world. So, perhaps, me not fully enjoying The  Alchemist is a personal thing. Yes, it is filled with great philosophies,  metaphors and allegories, and I enjoyed stopping now and then to think over  this or that line. Yes, it speaks the universal language which all of us  can relate to, yet without the preachy feeling of so many similar books.  Yet there are some great lapses in logic that would make many people feel  this book is nothing but pointless babble. For example, the fact of one of  the characters saying there is no such thing as fate later contradicts  itself in the idea that the universe will always conspire to help someone  who is realizing their Personal Legend. Isn't the entire book, technically,  about just that - fate? Destiny? Something pre-determined about someone's  life? The way the journey goes is not determined, yet the outcome is -  that's called fate.<br />Another problem I had with this book is the obvious  importance it puts on money and material wealth. The entire journey of the  boy is about finding &quot;treasure&quot;. He leaves behind the woman he  loves to go look for his &quot;treasure&quot;. And the woman is left there  to wait patiently, much like the sheep he'd left behind in his homeland,  much like a possession - a parallel likely not meant by the author. Yet  this is what it sounded like to me, and it did disturb me (and I'm not even  a feminist!). I can understand many other women being disturbed by this  imagery as well.<br />I was also wondering why the author gives us the name  of the protagonist in the very first sentence, yet never calls him by his  name ever again throughout the entire book. But that's a nitpick.<br />So, in  general, if you can get over the childish language and the allegories, and  remember that it's just a fable, you'll enjoy this book.book.
0553345834|5.0|The most valuable tool in my arsenal. I will turn to this masterpiece over and over again. This man represents business at its best. If I was to recommend one book for a young business person to read before diving into  this highly competitive ever changing marketplace, this would be the book.  I thank Mr. McCormack for this gift.
B000002KHH|4.0|Of the 8 Sabbath albums with Ozzy, the only one which is not better than &quot;Paranoid&quot; are &quot;Vol 4&quot; and &quot;Technical ecstacy.&quot;  Paranoid is still excellent though, as are the other two  albums mentioned, but it simply isn't as good as it should be.  There  aren't any tracks as masterfully blended as Children of the Grave, or  Symptom of the Universe, and as a whole, the album is not as cohesive as  &quot;Never Say Die&quot; or &quot;Black Sabbath.&quot;  However this is a  must for any true Sabbath fans, simply for the fact that it has there most  famous tracks on it.  Paranoid, War Pigs, Iron Man, Electric Funeral, Hand  of Doom and Fairies Wear Boots (6 out of 8 tracks) all make appearances on  the compelations and at concerts.  So for any casual Sabbath Fan, just get  &quot;Sabotage&quot; &quot;Master of Reality&quot; and/or &quot;Sabbath  Bloody Sabbath.&quot;    But any completionist like my self will need this  album.
0679746048|1.0|i've never read a book that wasn't ruined by the movie version until girl interrupted. this book was awful. though i feel sympathy for the author considering the book is her life story, i was bewildered by the poor  writing and lack of emotion. i was truly bored. for the first time, i'm  suggesting others to see the movie and avoid the book. i never thought any  movie version could be better than the book. but in this case it is.
B000002V0Q|5.0|Megadeth's 5th album to date is definitely one of the best albums ever; with great songs like the speedy High Speed Dirt to a SLIGHTLY lower paced song like the title track Countdown To Extinction.  Ever since I've heard  this album, I've been a mega hardcore fan of their music.  Their genre is  unique, combining heavy metal with rock and hard rock.  If your a fan of  monsterous jammies, be SURE to pick this hit up; the Megadeth CD &quot;Rust  In Peace&quot; is also suggested for those who liked Countdown To  Exctinction.
0679746048|1.0|i've never read a book that wasn't ruined by the movie version until girl interrupted. this book was awful. though i feel sympathy for the author considering the book is her life story, i was bewildered by the poor  writing and lack of emotion. i was truly bored. for the first time, i'm  suggesting others to see the movie and avoid the book. i never thought any  movie version could be better than the book. but in this case it is.
0812589041|5.0|This is an amazing story that touches one's soul.  It CENTERS around Ender Wiggins, a child genuis.  The main characterization is of Ender and others are described only in context of how their relationsip affects Ender.  Card  is not trying for deep characterization of EVERY character mentioned.   Instead he fully develops his main character to the point that you have an  emotional response to the conflicts he encounters.  I don't think that the  techies (those who read science fiction primarily for the  &quot;science&quot;) can fully appreciate this book as they no doubt will  be looking for pages and pages describing  starship drives, weapons,  etc.<br />What this book does have is wonderful character development along  with a very well developed plot.  Card explores the duality of a child  genuis.  This book melds the brilliance of a genuis with the innocence and  turmoil of a growing child.<br />I would HIGHLY recommend this book to anyone  who enjoys well developed characters and plots, but who isn't necessarily  too concerned with all the high tech mumbo jumbo.<br />I've read this book  many times; as a teenager and as an adult.  This book affected me greatly  and really made me stop and THINK.  I have read thousands of books  throughout my lifetime and am no newbie to the science fiction genre.   Without great characterization and plot, a science fiction novel reads like  a travel brochure -- pretty pictures of places without any STORY.  Thank  goodness Card delivers in plenty with this book.  Definitely worth five  stars and it's own place on the bookshelf.
0679746048|1.0|i've never read a book that wasn't ruined by the movie version until girl interrupted. this book was awful. though i feel sympathy for the author considering the book is her life story, i was bewildered by the poor  writing and lack of emotion. i was truly bored. for the first time, i'm  suggesting others to see the movie and avoid the book. i never thought any  movie version could be better than the book. but in this case it is.
B00003BDXG|5.0|Oliver Stone's Natural Born Killers is one of the most unique artistic visions in the last ten years. Some call it short-sighted, narrow, sensory overload, a bomabstic explosion of useless gas, or a pathetic exuse of a  movie. Those who describe Natural Born Killers as such are missing the  point or are perfect examples of it. The film is the most accurate film  account of the 90's American culture. Mickey ( Woody Harrelson ) and  Malory's ( Julliete Lewis ) dis-allusionment with the media, conservatism,  morality, and life and death are all a primal revolution from the material  enslavement of society. Watch the opening sequence with the dramatic and  purposesly hallow transitions between color and black -and-white and  violence and romance to see Stone's observations on 90's culture and the  80's influence upon it. The Rodney Dangerfield Sitcom section ( Roseanne  anyone! ), sexually graphic animation, sexual abuse of children, Rodney  King style beatings, Mickey and Mallory's sexual revolution, and the  media's romanticism of crime (Heraldo, Montel, Jerry Springer)are all  magnificentally satrized on this film. The 90's as a decade was in a  nutshell short-sighted, narrow, sensory overloaded , a bomabstic explosion  of useless gas, and a pathetic decade. The great films reflect the decades  from which they were made and Natural Born Killers is no exception. In the  fantastically edited last 30 minutes of NBK, this film will either totally  repulse you or change your opinion of modern society. That is the power of  this hyper-kinetic minagerie of the 90's. Oliver Stone's director's cut  adds only about three minutes of extra footage which includes Tommy Lee  Jone's decapitated head and some other disturbing material. This addition  just adds more ferocity to Stone's vision. Also available on the DVD  version are about 45 minutes of deleted scenes that Stone beleived would  have hampered or slowed down NBK's narrative. The footage is also very  provocative in its own right. A must-see.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Gee, I remember getting this CD before it was even released..my friend works in a record store and got the promo copy for a friend of mine...we loved it, and they were one of my favorite bands. I first heard of Slipknot  way back in April of '99 when I got their demo tape at a concert..no one  had heard of them, and I liked it like that. But the point of all this  is--Slipknot sold out...big time. Now I am not like the other people that  think a band has sold out because they are on the radio or MTV, which is  fine, but if they change their music so they are played on MTV or the  radio, then I consider that selling out. My case in point...&quot;Wait and  Bleed&quot;. I heard it on the radio with the second verse completly  changed..no longer does Corey scream, but he sings normally...Slipknot, I  am very letdown..
6305750750|3.0|Though the special effects and final 30 minutes of the film were fantastic. The storytelling, screenplay, characterizations, and editing seemed to comercial, un-interesting, and inept to telling the tale of the  first Star Wars sequel. I do plan to buy the tape in order to have the  entire set. The magic from the orginal three films is noticably absent from  the extravagent proceedings. I for one waited in line 9 hours for Day 1  tickets and was momentously disappointed. The film did have the Star Wars  heart just not nearly enough of it. Lucus, go find Irvin Kisinger NOW.
1573226521|3.0|I read 'The Beach' because when I heard the blurb I thought, &quot;This sounds like the one of the slimmest premises I've ever heard for a book/film, I doubt it's any cop, maybe it will surprise me.&quot; I was  right. Books don't have to have a point to be good but this novel is not  one in which the quality of the writing or the ideas excused this fact. It  has elements of a flashback so you are being sold the idea of some kind of  big cataclysmic climax somewhere down the line. I think you'll probably be  dissappointed to find out what it is. The actual story is just not that  good. There is the glimmer of something substantial that never quite  materialises.  But it's easy to read, relatively speaking. And it probably  pushes all kind of Gen-X buttons. Blair Witch project in book form!
B000002C25|4.0|Interestingly enough I didn't listen to Be Here Now for quite some time after the initial six or so months of playing it non-stop (OK - I'm a huge fan) - but after giving it a break and going back to it again it's brash  'over-produced' nature is actually quite stunning.  The title track  Be  Here Now is probably the best concert starting song ever (and also the best  song to get in the car and go to work to), All Around the World is just  large and the rest just powerful tunes.  I'm still mad fer it . . .
0140067477|5.0|If you can read this book and keep in mind it is not trying to rape you of your deep &quot;spirituality&quot; and it is simply simple. If you don't like the idea of the Tao being discussed vaguely, then why did you buy a  book titled &quot;The Tao of Pooh&quot;?  I enjoyed the way he explained  the Tao with Pooh who we can all relate to at times.  If you are looking  for a deeper book, try not reading books, because no, you will not find  true enjoyment of like in a book. I suggest drilling a hole in your scull  so you can find your Nirvana. I personally would rather to reach that state  of mind through meditation, and, here is the secret key, life. You can  reach me at jason@shimainc.net
B000002KM6|5.0|This is angry artfunkmetalpunkboogie with chicken grease on the stage.  Dave sounds like he wants to hit someone(probobly eddie),but that anger drives his improved lyricism, that goes beyond making his wild member ache.   His voice is as soulfull as it ever got, and that is important in driving  the insanity that is EVH,s guitar bombast.  Eddie flys like an insane  eagle, laying bombing runs on the competition, who said he was only a speed  player at best.  Eddies riffs are diamond solid, as are the backbeat, that  is as funky as any rap beatbox.  The band pins down fire and puts the  elements under their command.  The songs are wonderfull, some are rock  classics(Meanstreets,Unchained,push comes to shove).  This is a soul album  for rivetheads.  Underrated and undervalued.  This album will be overlooked  forever Im afraid, but thats allright, because the believers know the  truth.  Eddie might as well quit because he will never come close to this  again.  Van Halens Zoso.  The bands zenith.  Brown sound where have You  goneeeeeeee? lol. Buy this album, or get laughed at by serious rock  fiends..lol
0449227545|1.0|Knowing what a huge fan I am of Ken Follett, my husband made this book one of my Christmas gifts. I tried several times to bear with this and give him the benefit of doubt. Unfortunately, my doubts were well founded. I just  couldn't believe this was the same author. Never saying anything to my  husband, we were talking about books just last night, and he said, &quot;do  you know the strangest book I've read recently?&quot;, you've got it! He is  also a fan of Mr. Follett's. I enjoyed all of his others, especially  &quot;Eye&quot; and &quot;Pillars&quot;. In &quot;Hammer&quot;, the plot,  the characters and writing were very sophmoric. I truly don't think they  wrere written by the same author or he bet someone that his name could sell  anything. Sorry, but I hope the next one fully redeems Mr. Follett to his  fans.
B000002KJL|5.0|This is Dire Straits first and still their best album. Their musical skills had been finetuned playing the British club scene and they were never sharper. The first song &quot;Down to the Waterline&quot; seems to  define the band stylistically. Lead guitarist Mark Knopfler is able to  shift gears effortlessly between soft, delicate playing and harder licks,  which really compliments his fine lyrics. The backing band is really tight  and includes Marks brother David, who left the band after this album, on  guitar and the great jazzy drumming of Pick Withers. Dire straits was in  sharp contrast to the New Wave that was prevalent at the time. From the  Honkytonk masterpiece &quot;Setting Me Up&quot; to the rich Dobro on  &quot;Water of Love&quot; to the top ten hit &quot;Sultans of Swing,&quot;  their sound remains completely unique in popular music. Combining country  and blues in a very literate form and yet evoking a kind of &quot;urban  melancholy.&quot; If you want to really learn how to play guitar, the two  albums you NEED are this and Eric Clapton and Duane Allman's &quot;Layla  and other assorted love songs&quot;
0783114222|5.0|Until the movie Apollo 13 came to the screen, many were unaware, or had forgotten of that event, or of the many facets, the visions, the energies that made up the American Space program in the 1960s. A program with a  dictate set forth by President Kennedy: to get men to the moon, and return,  safely,  before the end of the decade.<br />This 12-hour (12 x one-hour  segments) tribute is the personal mission of two-time Academy Award winner  Tom Hanks, a man with a childhood love for the astronauts and the space  program, and a man with enough clout to get this big-budget extravaganza  made.<br />Each segment is in and of itself a story, each with a different  point-of-view on the major aspects of the program. Certainly the main  events-the first manned flight, the Apollo 1 fire, the lunar landing, the  Apollo 13 emergency, are all there. But quite differently than what we've  seen previously, here we have an opportunity to relive much of the  day-to-day, aspects-the politics, the personalities, the emotions, of many,  many of the key individuals. The astronauts, the engineers, the  administrators, the news people, the wives-they all get wonderfully  recognized.<br />Since I'm about the same age as Mr. Hanks, I admit to being a  space freak myself as a youngster-at the time these events actually  happened. At that time I waited every week, for Time, Newsweek and Life  magazine to give me the pictures, and accounts of the activity at  NASA.<br />It's oh so appropriate to have this wonderful tribute to this  important piece of American history.
B000002JOF|5.0|Ok, I'm a Texan and first heard &quot;Texas&quot; when I was in Austin in January, 2000.  Loved the voice the first time I heard it but the artist name wasn't even mentioned.  Later in a bar in Dallas, the disc jockey  played &quot;Texas&quot; again and I finally found out who the singer was.   Have listened to the CD over and over.  The lyrics, the soulful sound of  his voice.  A moving, bluesy, sexy, I could go on and on. Wonderful  recording.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a book about a boy named Jonas who, at the age of 12, is selected as a receiver of memories. In the community where he lives there are no feelings, no colors, no love, and no pain. Lois Lowry asks the  question, &quot;Can people be happy without feelings?&quot; I liked the  book because it was very exciting and it had an amazing plot.
B000009QPE|5.0|I bought an imported copy of this record the week it came out: I still don't know why, though, 'cause at that point, I was more into Metallica and Anthrax. I had all the Slayer albums, but I didn't like them as much as  those of the 2 previous bands. Well, I remember giving RIB its first spin  at my girlfriend's house (she was into Prince, Depeche Mode, etc). Not a  good idea. I only had a glimpse but knew I had just bought something  dangerous. So I ran back home and gave it a full blast try on my stereo.  Got blown away. Still am, more than 12 years later.
6304711875|5.0|All the actors and actresess did a great job in this film and it deserves an applause for a psycho-killer-thriller kind of movie. When I found out that one of the killers was Matthew Lillard, I was suprised! Is always  expected Skeet Ulrich... I love how Wes Craven does that thing to make you  think the killer is somebody else! I thought it was David Arquette. Well,  anyway, it was a great movie!
630575067X|4.0|I'm as big a Star Wars buff as anyone. I loved TPM and I actually saw it 6 times in the theatre(1 in IMAX). Everytime I saw it, it seemed to get better and better, but there are still a few things a huge fan like myself would love to ask George. Things such as why didn't Maul have a bigger  role. I read so much hype about how he was the new evil,(Maul's character  was as dark and cool as I thought he'd be), but he really wasn't givin a  chance show us what he could really do until the end.  The scenes he was  in, were fantastic, but he seemed to appear then disappear, literaly!  I  just think that if he had more scenes, it would have made the movie  a-little more satisfying for us action-adrenaline freaks!   Hopefully, the  sith lord in the second movie won't suffer the same  fate.(George..hint,hint,hint! )<br />Second is Jar Jar....the more times I  watched TPM the more he grew on me. BUT!  I think he has definately run  his course...Anything more than a bit part in Episode II would be a big  mistake.<br />Another quam is the dogfight between the Naboo starfighters and  the Droid fighters around the  control ship.  There was so much potential  which couldn't be brought to fruition in the five ten-second scenes we saw  of the battle.  The space battle scene in Jedi is what helped make that  movie great.<br />Don't get me wrong, I loved TPM, but I just wanted a little  bit more darkness and little bit more action. Hopefully, the second and  third episodes will grant this dedicated fan's wish.
6304806442|5.0|'Trainspotting' definitely lived up to the hype that surrounded the film when it was released a few years ago. Its portrayal of a motley crew of heroin addicts and sociopaths is done with an impeccable eye for direction  and is effectively chilling. The film does not glamorize the use of drugs  in any fashion, though criminals might mistake the film as a paean to their  lifestyle. No judgments are made here: the demented world of these  characters is placed before the viewer with all of its consequences. The  squalor and decay of addiction is evident throughout the film.     What  stands out are the performances. Ewan McGregor is spectacular in his  character's willful helplessness against heroin addiction. He is  spine-tingling in his complacency, his moral indifference. Robert Carlyle  is frightening as the psychotic Begbe; his versatility as an actor is on  fine display, especially compared with his roles in Priest and The Full  Monty. The rest of the cast does an exquisite job of portraying the utter  meaninglessness that becomes part and parcel of the heroin-addicted life.  The film has its intense and revolting moments--the toilet scene is not for  a weak stomach and the 'cold turkey' scene, complete with dead baby  crawling along the ceiling, is also disturbing. However, if the viewer is  open to a hard-hitting dose of reality with an ensemble of unlikeable but  well-portrayed characterizations, Trainspotting will please. The soundtrack  is actually a compliment to this film, rather than a detriment, featuring  the music of Iggy Pop and Lou Reed, among others.
0446525537|5.0|WONDERFUL. After you read this book, you will never be the same.  I highly recommend it.
1551110385|4.0|It was very compelling, yet sad book.  It kept you on the edge of your seat and you never wanted to put the book down.  I got the book one day and read it that whole day and finished! It's not one of those books that drone  on and on and on...It has excellent characters and great imagery that  almost puts you into the book.  I also saw the movie and I would definetly  watch that if I were you, but the book is more descriptive in various ways.
0064400557|5.0|Charlotte's Web was a very interesting story. I felt that this book was a very thoughtful, and caring novel. I suggest that readers who have not read this book, do so. This novel is about a pig named Wilbur and a spider named Charlotte. Charlotte does something very memorable at the end of the story.  Read this book and you will soon find out the exciting story of Charlotte's  Web.
031286504X|4.0|I AM LEGEND is a powerful tale of one man's life in an alienated world.  While seemingly an 'end of the world' novel, Matheson manages not to fall into clisch&eacute;, and his story is allways powerful and centered. The book is  somewhat dated, and at times maybe unclear, but those are minor points.  the ending, when Matheson's tale switches, is powerful, unexpected, and  touching.
0684874350|5.0|Im only a sophomore in high school and i just finished this book.  I absolutely love it.  i recommend this book to everyone that can read, all ages will love it!
6305594252|4.0|This special edition of Stargate is a very good dvd.  It's picture quality may be a little bad at times but the added footage, not having to flip the disc, and the edition of the directors commentary which is pretty good  makes this a dvd woth buying if you are a fan of the movie!
0684857820|5.0|I wouldn't have cared less if there were spelling errors or jarring tense shifts throughout this book. But there are none.  Lucky is life as art in its truest form; well written and nonfiction. Anyone who has been through a  rape and has truley worked through the horrible ordeal could not sit back  and judge one rape book over another as if it were a literary spectacle to  savour.
B00002E233|4.0|Great movie, especially if you are a shark lover or like shark topic movies, shows, etc.  i thought the effects were great, although i think they could have done a better job with the samuel jackson scene.  that  looked a little fake.  but i thought it was great.  i wonder how much jaws  would have been with all of the technology nowadays.  wonder if spielberg  would consider remaking jaws now with computers and new tech.  how about a  mega shark, some huge 50 ft prehistoric monster shark that returns from the  abyss due to an underwater earthqake in search of food!   anyway, deep  blue sea is the first quality good monster movie since jaws.
B0000057C5|1.0|They are bad. Really, really bad. Not bad boys or something like this. Bad musicians, if you want to call 'em that. I think the drummer and the keyboarder are the only guys in the band doing an, well, acceptable job. If  you love good music you'll love Rammstein (It's obvious, I'm kidding).  My  suggestion: buy the album. You can use it as a vomitive, and it will be  worth the while, if ya know what I mean.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I'm really surprised by this debut album, this is really a great album. She has everything it takes to become one of the best artist in the world. Her debut album is really refreshing, it's great to have some new music,  artist as good as Dido. When you put the CD on, you can easily listen to it  from the start to the end. Dido is the best new artist of 1999. : ) If you  love &quot;Here With Me&quot;, the theme song of &quot;Roswell&quot;,  you'll love the rest of the album. Dido is definitely an artist you must  discover.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This compulation from Morrisette shows a much lighter approach to the powerful thrusting bounds that usually exist in her voice. While Fans aren't displeased with the power this artist usually exerts this album  tends to show a tender interpretation of Alanis' music and the power of her  lyrics sneak up on you without warning. For the &quot;true&quot; Morrisette  Fan this is a Must!
0064471837|5.0|Although this book is geared towards 12-14 year-olds, I think it would be enjoyed by people of all ages. I would recommend this book to anyone interested in reading a book many times better than the usual fare (i.e., Redwall or The Wheel of Time). A masterpiece.
B00004BZ0N|1.0|I bought this after reading all the raves below - &quot;Greatest rock album ever,&quot; Rolling Stone's Album of the Decade, etc. etc.... now I remember why I never bought it when it first came out.  Half of it is  cruise ship in hell reggae.  There's no real tension in the songs (like on  the best ones from their first album), and Joe Strummer is one of the worst  singers in the history of recorded music.  Kids- this is what smoking will  do to you!  Throw in the Clash's usual muddled politics and you've got an  undigestible messy sprawl of a double album set that really should have  been whittled down to a single album.  There were so many great English  bands during the period- Sex Pistols, Wire, Buzzcocks, X-Ray Spex, XTC,  Elvis Costello, Pretenders... and yet the Clash made it bigger than any of  them in America.  I'll never understand it.
B000002L9J|5.0|The Smiths are The best band in 80s and this is their best album at their peak of career. From start to end, this masterpiece is endlessly listenable. Lyrically, the Smiths are maybe The best band in rock history  due to Morrissey's homour (sometimes poignant) and insight to 80's British  society. From a little dark title track to melancholy I Know It's Over to  lyrically perfect Cemetry Gates to beautiful twin towers The Boy With The  Thorn In His Side and There Is A Light That Never Goes Out, this album is  an essential listening.
6305363668|2.0|This &quot;director's cut&quot; illustrates why we have film  editors. I very much like Harrison's voice over on the original and feel it helps the story experience for the viewer. The rest is only clips that was wisely  left on the original cutting room floor. The only thing better about this  video is the color quality. My copy has faded over the years and I now am  searching for a DVD of the ORIGINAL cut.
6305268843|5.0|I bought my own copy after renting it three times, and I'd buy it on DVD in addition so I could see it letterboxed. I'm hooked--it's a marvel of film. I love everything about it. Why else would I be writing this review?  The writing, photography and acting are perfection. The range and delicacy  of feelings that flicker across Stephen Dillane's and Sophie Marceau's  faces fascinate me, and their relationship with each other and with their  daughter have a kind of deep, satisfying truthfulness. I appreciate  Firelight's underlying moral that breeding is a serious matter, that sex  transforms us and makes us 'one flesh'. The one false note, for me, was  Elisabeth's assertion that her desire destroyed Charles' world. Not so. Not  at all. Charles' world is ruined by his father, Lord Clare, who lives only  for pleasure and who has no sense of duty to his family. Dutiful, faithful  Charles and Elisabeth, united by their child, are freed and made whole by  their desire for one another. It's a very Anglican sensibility. I probably  wouldn't recommend Firelight to someone whose modern mind feeds on  violence, casual sex and celebrity, but it's perfect for the rest of us. I  want this film to be hugely successful on video so Hollywood will take  notice, and everyone in it will have the satisfaction of knowing their work  is recognized and appreciated. So buy it, recommend it to your friends.  Enjoy.
0440234743|4.0|The first part of the book was very exciting and made you want to read more but then things got a little confusing.  Like the fact that there was nothing wrong with the man and no-one ever found that out wouldn't that  have had something to do with the will? I could be wrong but also the fact  that it was a stated point in the book to make sure the autopsy report was  made and was then never even brought up?   The ending was a little  disappointing also.
0446607274|4.0|AFTER READING THE POET I HAD TO GRAB ANOTHER CONNELLY NOVEL AND THE REVIEWS I READ CONCERNING ANGEL'S FLIGHT INTERESTED ME.  THE REVIEWERS DID NOT DISAPPOINT.  I WAS VERY IMPRESSED WITH THE TWISTS AND TURNS OF THE PLOT  AND I NOW CAN OFFICIALLY CALL MYSELF A CONNELLY FAN.  MANY REVIEWERS HAVE  COMPLAINED ABOUT THE CONCLUSION, BUT DON'T ALLOW THEIR CRITICISIM TO GET IN  THE WAY OF YOU PURCHASING THIS BOOK.  YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED.
B000002H6C|4.0|Another good addition to the Metallica Library. Powerful guitar, and great lead guitar work. (Not as good as Kill 'em All), but definately great guitar work. Their darkest, angriest album, it spews out lyrics of Justice,  corruption, and suicide (Dyer's Eve). My personal favourite lyrics for all  Metallica albums so far, and Hetfields crunching vocals mixed with guitar  makes for great Hard Rock/Metal music. Another must buy!  SO close to  perfect, but worth every penny! Chech out the monster hit ONE, BLACKENED,  and the title track!
B000031XCR|5.0|This album is the ultimate album for Celine Fans. It includes her most well known singles including Because You Loved Me, The Power of Love, and of course My Heart Will Go On.( My question is why didn't All By Myself  Make the cut.)The brand new singles are crowd pleasers. Heart wrenching  ballads that made Celine a star. She sounds better than ever and each song  she belts her heart out. She will definetly be leaving everybody wanting  more Celine. Also includes the new hit That's the Way it is.
B000005S37|1.0|... at all these geeks, posers, nincompoops, idiots, morons and artsy-fartsy in-crowd jerks saying this album is the work of a genius. In one way it is: getting it released is a touch of sheer genius. Re-releasing  it on CD is an act of sheer stupidity. What an incredible hoot!
B00001OH1S|1.0|One third of the cd is listenable music - nothing bad but nothing remarkable either ( except for the  Sting track). The rest is simply terrible - unless you happen to be a fan of cutesy,  one-finger-playing-the-piano kind of music. If you enjoy the music  airplanes play when you board the plane, then this is absolutely the  soundtrack for you. Otherwise, get the DVD and enjoy it for what it is -  background music
0671042858|5.0|I have long been a fan of Stephen King. What makes this title particularly good to read is King's ability to meld the actually fears of being lost in the woods with the fear of the imagined. Throughout the story the reader is  led to wonder if what the girl is experiencing is really happening or if it  is just her imagination running away with her. Over time her fear and  desperation become yours and in the end both you and she are glad to get  out alive.
0553213105|5.0|It is a truth not universally acknowledged, that \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is probably not Jane Austen's best book.  That honor is reserved for \\"Mansfield Park\\", a much deeper work.  But it's almost everybody's favorite Austen, including mine, as much for the unforgettable characters as for the story.<br /><br />Elizabeth Bennet is the perfect  heroine: she's bright, sharp, likeable, perceptive, nobody's fool, infinitely fallible, like all of us; but, unlike most of us, able to see and admit when she is in the wrong. Unlike her wacky mother and her shallow younger sisters, she does not see snaring a husband as her sole object in life, and thus she is supremely capable of putting Mr. Darcy in his place.  Darcy's progression from an insufferable snob to an empathetic human being  results from the realization that money and an old name are insufficient  recommendations to a woman with real class, intelligence and character.<br /><br />Elizabeth's family is also well portrayed.  We can understand why Elizabeth  is her father's favorite child; he is as sharp and perceptive as she is, totally sensible and down to earth, a perfect foil for the ditzy Mrs. Bennet, who is so ridiculous you wish a chandelier would fall on her head, obsessed with marrying off her five eligible daughters.  We know how the book is going to end almost as soon as it begins; Jane will hook Mr. Bingley in spite of the machinations of his nasty sisters, and Elizabeth, of course, will become Mrs. Darcy.<br /><br />\\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is very much of it's time, set at the end of the 18th century, but it's been loved by generations of readers for the past two hundred years and looks good for at least another two hundred.  It's quintessential Jane Austen.<br /><br />Judy Lind
6305095442|4.0|This movie has more scares in it than all the Freddy's and Jason's put toguether,and more laughs than all the Ace Ventura movies. Laugh-out-loud funny but also scares you from time to time. Great horror movie to watch  with friends and have fun. Bruce Campbell is superb as Ash, and the whole  idea of the hand-chainsaw and the sawoed-off shotgun is great. Also watch  the first one. Deserving of it's cult following. Fun.
0440234743|4.0|Well he has definitly done it again. Haven't found a book of his I didn't like. Good ole Nate, love ya bro, and stay away from those little planes!
6304806442|5.0|This is a great movie and one of the hippest movies out there directing itself to a younger audience. While it is not for everyone and it could come as a great shock for the squeamish. Stay away from it if you're not  open-minded. Great film, realistic, with some nice surrealistic scenes,  great drug-induced soundtrack, and most important extremely entertaining.  See it but beware.
B000003NA4|5.0|Diana Krall's performance drips with class and style, both her splendid vocals and smooth piano. Perhaps most mesmerizing is the way the album grows on you with each listen. Great late night music.
6305095442|4.0|This movie has more scares in it than all the Freddy's and Jason's put toguether,and more laughs than all the Ace Ventura movies. Laugh-out-loud funny but also scares you from time to time. Great horror movie to watch  with friends and have fun. Bruce Campbell is superb as Ash, and the whole  idea of the hand-chainsaw and the sawed-off shotgun is great. Also watch  the first one. Deserving of it's cult following. Fun.
0394179692|5.0|Ignatious lives!  At least, he will once you've read this book.  Toole has created characters that deliver some of the most hilarious dialogue I've ever read or heard.  What would one-step-up from character developement be  - character birth?  These people are alive.  One of a kind.
0553212443|1.0|I agree with what Micheal Levin writes at a website called The Daily Objectivist, Scrooge was better at the beginning!  He says: &quot;You know the ritual: boo the curmudgeon initially encountered in Charles Dickens's A  Christmas Carol, then cheer the sweetie pie he becomes in the end. It's too  bad no one notices that the curmudgeon had a point-quite a few points, in  fact. There can be no arguing with Dickens's wish to show the spiritual  advantages of love. But there was no need to make the object of his lesson  an entrepreneur whose ideas and practices benefit his employees, society at  large, and himself. Must such a man expect no fairer a fate than to die  scorned and alone? Bah, I say. Humbug.&quot; How could it be that an  obscure website like The Daily Objectivist would have the most intelligent  review of this book that I've ever seen?
B00000JGOH|5.0|Because it happened to be released in the same year as Steven Spielberg's World War II behemoth SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE--which, against all odds, bested the war film for the 1998 Best Picture Oscar--has  been discarded by critics and audiences as unworthy of its award.  1980's  ORDINARY PEOPLE experienced a similar fate when it beat RAGING BULL, but  does this make ORDINARY PEOPLE any less of a fine film?  No.<br />And if  anything, SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE's virtues are even more immediately apparent.   This is, from beginning to end, a masterpiece of romantic comedy that  takes an ingenious concept and transforms it into a hilarious parody, a  passionate love story, and ultimately a testament to the power of the  written word.<br />The screenplay by Marc Norman and Tom Stoppard, brimming  with wit and intricate Shakespearean allusions and in-jokes, is a marvel;  because the crackling dialogue flies so fast, the film rewards multiple  viewings by revealing more and more of itself each time.<br />The acting is  superb.  Joseph Fiennes, as young Will Shakespeare gives easily the most  underrated performance of the year.  Gwyneth Paltrow, juggling multiple  roles with subtle aplomb, more than deserved her Oscar (though Cate  Blanchett was equally brilliant in the title role of ELIZABETH).  The  standout among a strong supporting cast is Dame Judi Dench, whose short but  delicious turn as the mesmerizing Queen Elizabeth provides the film with  some of its juiciest moments.<br />I've been reading some of the reviews on  this board, and to be honest it's quite sad.  It's sad when reviewers can't  recognize a genuine work of cinematic art.  It's sad when reviewers can't  appreciate one of the smartest and most beautifully crafted entertainments  of the year.  It's sad when a bunch of bitter SAVING PRIVATE RYAN fans who  haven't even seen SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE decide to come and bash this mere  &quot;comedy,&quot; thinking that just because it doesn't have guns and  explosions and dead bodies it's not an &quot;Oscar film.&quot;  Take a good  look at SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE, in all its smashingly majestic glory, and  observe the disarming grace and elegance with which it shatters that  idiotic presumption.
B00003CXAR|5.0|As everyone knows this June 2000 will be the 25th anniversary of the original release date of one the best thrillers ever made. Universal or Speilberg if you're reading please won't you make available Jaws on DVD  with a remastered digital 5.1 soundtrack and also add the deleted scenes  that were on the laserdisc. These scenes should have never been deleted in  the first place in my opinion as they add character. Also the deleted scene  of the dying estuary victim pushing Mike Brody out of harms' way as a  sputter of blood gushes from his mouth is one of the most terrifying attack  scenes of the movie that I remember from childhood. It also illustrates a  noble dimension to the estuary victims' earlier question to the boys of  &quot;...are you guys alright over there...?&quot; He saves Mike Brodys'  life in his dying moments. This movie richly deserves the DVD transfer and  a remastered version of John Williams' score. Having this movie available  on DVD would also be just in light of the fact that already existing on DVD  is its' pathetic and ridiculous sequel &quot;Jaws: The Revenge.&quot; Why  anyone would waste their time and budget giving that movie DVD treatment is  beyond me. Anyway, Jaws has been scaring us for 25 years and it's high time  it was on DVD!
630575067X|5.0|Star Wars Episode I: THE PHANTOM MENACE-Only a few things their can be told about this movie.  1) Never anything better 2) The greatest movie ever made 3) The one to own.  When I saw Star Wars Episode I: Tha Phantom Menace  in the theters on May 19, 1999, I sat for 2 hours and 20 minutes.  Durring  that time I was never bored.  I saw the movie five times in the theater. I  only wish the movie could have come out sonner.  I already reserved mine.   I ghive the movie a good five.  100% wonderful.  Here is how I can discribe  The Phantom Menace: Wonderful, the best, nother ever can beat it.  When  Episode II comes to the theaters, I'm sure I will be sitting on non-stop  fun. Star Wars: THE PHANTOM MENACE was non-stop fun, great action, funny,  and finally I think that the movie was the greatest movie I have ever seen.   I only hope that everyone else feels the same. I hope this has helped you  with your purchasen toward this remarkable masterpeice.  Great Characters:  Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Queen Amidala, Aniken Skywalker, Yoda, Mace  Windu, Shmi Skywalker and more to come as you sit down and experience the  greatest movie ever made.
B0000399WI|5.0|I'd heard that this was a great movie, but I put every opinion aside and I made my own, based on what I felt during watching it. After have seen the movie I was thinking that I've just seen one of the best movies ever. The  movie is emotional and human, and perfect in the way of storytelling. Each  character was fully developed and realistic. Brilliant acting, very great  performances by Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman and also the music is  wonderful. The movie will stay in your head long after you watch it.  Definetely Shawshank Redemption must be add to any collection
B000002JA8|5.0|I was blown away when I first heard Bilingual.  Don't get me wrong, I love the PSB, but their CDs all seemed very similar until Bilingual came along.  The songs were still written about the same topics as usual, but the sound  of the music was quite different.  <br />There is a strong, militaristic beat  to the songs.  The sound is regimental, almost as if an army was marching  to the music.  <br />I won't bore you with details about every song.  I  personally feel that this CD is flawless.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I own the Cantonese version of this movie. Even though I do not understand a single word of it, this is easily one of those most amazing and beautiful animations I have ever seen. Hayao Miyazaki is definately one of the greats  if not greatest. PLEASE VOTE for the production of this incredible work of  genius and art.
B00000JGOH|4.0|I love Shakespearean plays. I enjoy the films made by Kenneth Brannaugh (sp?). I despise the hacked up renditions you usually find, so going by the title, I was very skeptical.<br />However, this movie - taken for the light  hearted gem it is - was very enjoyable. I laughed, I felt for the  characters, I cheered.<br />Recommended for watching after a tough day's work.
0140177396|5.0|This is a tragic story about two friends that travel together. There friendship is unique. These two frineds, Lennie and George  make a very good team together. Lennie is a very big and strong person and is very slow  but George is much smaller guy with the brains. It talks about their life  in farming and how they travel together to make there dream come true until  it takes a twisting turn.
B0000203YT|4.0|Well, Joseph Fiennes and Colin Firth may be sexy as but that doesn't hide the fact that this movie is simply Romeo and Juliet all over again.  Oh and that Gwyneth Paltrow did not deserve that oscar, cate blanchett was a  million times better in Elizabeth.  Anyhoo, who likes Clark Gable here?
0140177396|4.0|This book was very good, at the beginning I thought it was going to be boring but after I started reading and reading I noticed that this was a great book. It is kind of sad but it also had fun things. George is a great  guy, he is the type of man that is always thinking about the others, and he  treat Lennie as his brother. I recommend this book to every one. It's a  great book, and in this book you learn how lonely people feel inside. READ  IT! <br />Henar.
0930289234|5.0|If we cannot rule ourselves, others will do it for us.  Flense away the intricate plot and the marvelous characters, and this, I think, is the most important idea to take away from this book.<br />Oh, and one more thing:  nothing ends...nothing ever ends.
B000002UC5|1.0|This album is nothing but cute little songs about puppy dogs and ice cream. If you like songs with no depth and meaning this album is for you
B000003CKH|4.0|The first Cake CD was low-budget fun, but the sameness of the tracks hinted that they may be a stylistic dead-end.  This album proves that they aren't.  The band tinkers with the formula only slightly (more organ, less  prominence to the chang-y guitars and trumpet) but expands out into new  musical and lyrical territory.  To be honest, I somewhat miss the homemade  feel of the first album, but the songs make up for it.  Some follow the  mold of the first album (&quot;Daria&quot; for example), while elsewhere  they attempt swing (&quot;Perhaps&quot;), country (&quot;Stickshifts and  Safetybelts&quot;) and mood pieces (&quot;Frank Sinatra&quot;...hey, did  Frank ever do a song called &quot;Cake&quot;?  Just wondering) - even doing  a rather straight-laced (and excellent) version of Willie Nelson's  &quot;Sad Songs and Waltzes&quot;.  Some slight problems -  &quot;Nugget&quot; sounded better as the demo (on &quot;3 Song  Sampler&quot;, under a more blatant title), and &quot;I Will Survive&quot;  sounds more like a decent B-side than a good second single.  That said,  check out the samples, and if you like, buy.
0140185232|5.0|Despite the focus on Larry Durrel, this novel is about many different characters, including Maugham himself.  I found his characters very realistic and very human, each with good and bad traits.  Although Maugham claims to have not understood Larry's very important tale in chapter 6, he  presents these views very well.  This chapter is where Larry tells of his  journey to India.  Maugham tells us it is not important to the actual story  line of the novel, but it is the most important part of the whole book.  Do  not skip it.  Actually, I think Maugham was using a bit of reverse  psychology there.  This is a magnificent novel about people enveloped in  society and one who flies above it.  As many have said before, an  ispiration.
0780628551|3.0|I'm a bit surprised by some of the very negative views of this movie. While it is derivative from Rosemary's Baby, it is still thoroughly it's own plot, complete with a very surprising ending. The underlying premise is  also very interesting, and is an unusual spin on alien invasion. Sparing us  some of the bloody details of movies of this type, it still builds suspense  and terror, feeling both real and surreal at the same time. Depp's  character evolves slowly into the sinister being he has become and I felt  was done convincingly, even though I'm not particulalry a Depp fan. Look  for a very interesting supporting character in the NASA scientist who tries  to help expose the nature of the offspring, complete with some surprising  and believable plot twists. All in all, this movie should appeal to anyone  who has an interest in science fiction/horror. The military weapon that is  the purpose of the alien being's incarnation is an intersting idea, but the  use of that weapon is not entirely clear. Are they developing it to  dominate the world? That's left for the viewer to decide.
B000002GGO|5.0|if you're really interested reliving the glory of early 80s new wave, try this lesser known classic of the era.  the majestic intensity of these ten tracks still shine through.  there's no filler, no pointless digressions,  no wasted ideas; even the cover of lou reed's morbid classic 'street  hassle' manages to sparkle in the rain.  thinking of getting one of those  80s comps they peddle on late night tv?  your money would be much better  spent on this disc.
B000023VR6|5.0|Rap generally has quite a few flavors depending on the purpose of the track, such as political, emotional, introspective, angry, chilling, party music, etc.  One of the things I think most people who criticize rap do  incorrectly is to only listen to rap that falls in one or two of those  categories.  Thanks to the way our society operates, most people don't  really understand what's going on in the disadvantaged parts of the  country, and from the popularity of rap I see an opportunity for a message  to be heard.  Artists like Dre are among the most important of their art,  aside from being founders of the genre, because people can hear the message  of someone that our society wouldn't otherwise let be heard to the  mainstream.  That being said, his comments on life are pretty damn potent.   Dre's one of the few artists that is played nationally that will admit that  the game can get out of control.  Once you realize that even Tyson could be  dropped by a tool, it throws a whole new light on the impression of how  invincible anyone is, which is core to the banging lifestyle.  Listening to  Dre's various works is similar to watching rap, and to some extent  gangbanging, evolve before your ears.  Anyone that lives in America has to  give some thought to the whole issue, and Dre certainly gives you plenty to  think about.  I'm probably getting way off of the review, but I just  thought that everyone should realize the power behind the work of Dr. Dre,  if for no other reason than it's truly unique.  If you want to discuss  anything I've said, or left out, feel free to e-mail  me.<br />bilgebreath@leagueofpirates.com
1573226521|5.0|I read this book last year and I still can not get it out of my mind. It is by far the best novel I have ever read. After reading this book, I finally understood what it was like to truly love to read. I have read many good books, but nothing compares. I felt like I was on the adventure with  Richard. I am afraid to go see the movie, because it can not do the book  any justice. &quot;The Tesseract&quot; was also a very exciting read. I  wish I could find another author who thrills me like Garland. I wish he  would write more..
6305013578|1.0|Madacy continues to underwhelm when it comes to video transfers to the DVD medium. Copies always look as though they were made from an inferior VHS tape. If you ever wondered why Madacy's DVD titles were so inexpensive, now  you know. The movie itself is a classic, however.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Though Moby has been releasing albums over the years, it wasnt until this record that he got himself the attention that was long overdue. Possibly bcos he was double nominated at the Grammys this year and the inclusion of  Porcelain and Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad on The Beach &amp; The Next  Best Thing soundtracks. These tracks aside, the album is an excellent  collection of pop, trip-hop, rock, dance &amp; electronic tunes. All these  fused very nicely on the 18 tracks which no one has done so well and  without a loss in direction. In the Cd sleeve, you find essays by Moby on  his personal life, beliefs, the decisions he made and the paths he has  chosen.  As intellectual, mind-boggling and refreshing as his impeccable  music. One of the best albums in a while.
6302642256|5.0|This movie is great for everyone. It's a Disney classic in my eyes, and I would love to see it re-released on video. I would love a DVD of it. As a child, I watched this movie over and over. It ranked up in the top, and  after seeing again after many years, it still brings back that same  wonderment and love. I recommend anyone who is willing to use their  imagination to watch this movie!
6302902010|5.0|It's only to sad that this page has become a forum for the Otto Preminger Movie, &quot;Porgy And Bess.&quot; So, for people who have actually seen this version, you will be absolutly astonished.  This is the best Opera  ever made, and this interpretation of it is well deserving.  For theatre  lovers, the sets in this musical are unlike any other sets you've ever  seen!  I mean, How many theatrical sets have you seen with an actual river  in it?  The singing is beautiful, however I will agree that at sometimes it  is hard to understand some of the lyrics. None-the-less this is a superb  representation of this masterpiece, and its the only &quot;Porgy and  Bess&quot; currently available on VHS.  This was made for television but  shown as it was on the stage, such as &quot;Into The Woods,&quot;  &quot;Passion&quot; and other musical, operas, made to view for people who  aren't readily available to go to the theatre. This is a pretty hard tape  to find, and for Amazon to carry it is really nice.  Buy this VHS if you  love this beautifully historical opera, you won't be dissapointed!
0140067477|5.0|I recommend this book for anybody searching for some sort of answer to &quot;life.&quot;  An incredibly uplifting read - from teenager to retiree.
B00000DGUM|4.0|i agree with everyones reviews- sebastianbach was the whole band and this couldve been better. yep, it couldve used more hits maybe even putting out a 2-disc rerospective(rematered even) but i like the inclusion of the  unreleased song &quot;forever&quot; which is sooooooooo good. it reminds me  of the good old days. rachel bolan did this for the money for sure. this  album is good but yet entertaining id get the orginal albums for a better  way to hear them.
6304675348|5.0|I saw this movie before it got hyped.  Opening weekend with about 50 other people in the theater.  When I left the theater I knew it was going to be big.  Highly entertaining, bloody, funny and an all around good time.  The  twists were perfect (thanks to Kevin Williamson's brilliant script) and the  cast was perfect.  No one was unbelievable.  The movie has unlimited replay  value and its cult following is well deserved.  The fact that this was  directed by Wes Craven is even more shocking in its universal appeal.  Basically, Scream was Craven's redemption song.  This movie deserves a spot  on any child of the 90's video shelf.  If you haven't seen it do so.  If  you own it, you got good taste.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's final film is a haunting classic that puts a cap on a provocative and thought-provoking career that spanned fifty years. Kubrick fans (this critic is one) generally loved &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; and  Cruise/Kidman fans (likewise) generally hated the film or could not  understand what it was about. <br />In &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;, Dr. Bill  Harford (Tom Cruise) journeys unchartered psychological territory.  Tom  Cruise fans will be doing the same.  If you are not familiar with Kubrick's  work be prepared to experience something very different from what you are  used to.  The possibilities of the mind and the temptations of the body  duel in &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;.  This is an amazing piece of  filmmaking.  It is food for the mind, not entertainment for the soul.  <br />Like Alfred Hitchcock, Kubrick did not deliver easy-to-understand films  on a platter  to his audiences.  Independent thought and interpretation was  a must.  Let your mind absorb what you see. &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is  intensely layered. There is no way on earth that you can see everything  that is happening in it in one viewing.  Yet that is the mark of a great  film -- to see different things in subsequent viewings.  If you value  mind-stimulating material, you will love this film.<br />You will enjoy the  look of this film.  Red, blue and purple figure prominently in the film's  color scheme.  There are also bright golden yellows and cloudy whites.  Thanks to Larry Smith's cinematography, these colors are more than simple  decoration.  They symbolize much more.  The DVD for this film will astound  in its display of saturated color and light.   Alas, it will be a  full-screen (not widescreen) DVD presentation, but that is just how Kubrick  filmed it.<br />Any sex in the film, you ask?  I thought I could read your  mind!  The best thing to say is not how much sex, but how it is expressed  in &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;...<br />  Kubrick's film is distinctly Europeanin its feel and sense of time and space.  And that's not just because it  was shot in England.  (Yes, believe this: even those &quot;New York&quot;  streets Cruise paces in the dead of night are actually Pinewood Studios  sets located in the UK!)   The disjointed structure of events through  editing and camera movement capture a disorienting view of Kubrick's New  York. An unsettling journey.  An incredible experience. No matter your  reaction to it, &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; will stay in your mind for a  while after you have seen it.  It is worth saying that this is an adult  film with mature themes. <br />The music has its own power.  Jocelyn Pook's  score is wonderful.  And selected European classical music paints  alternating smooth and abrasive textures.  Especially great is the music  which plays during the film's opening and closing credits. It is grand and  feels like a carousel ride.  A ride that lasts for two hours and forty  minutes, which is the length of the enchanting, mysterious adventure that  is &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;.<br />Similar themes of mystery are explored in  &quot;The Game&quot; (1997), but with less thought-provoking implications.  And the bizarre film &quot;The Comfort Of Strangers&quot; (1990) is a pale,  shallow comparison to Kubrick's classic work here.<br />What's best about  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is that it is a complex film. A film to think  and talk about. A mature, adult film. The best film of 1999.<br />So take a  chance.  Sit back and experience &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;.
6305095566|5.0|I can't believe how scary this movie is.  The effects are reflective of the small budget.  The acting is over the top.  It is utterly unbelievable.  And I love every minute of it.  Bruce Campbell as the reluctant hero, Ash,  is a staple of any horror fan's diet.  Every movie in this trilogy is  revered by any true horror fan.  A cabin in the woods, a book bound in  human flesh capable of bringing back the dead, and the words for the  incantations recorded for posterity only to be played back by unwitting  college kids.  Sam Raimi did a good thing with this and the subsequent 2  movies in this trilogy.  He reminded horror fans that big budgets don't  always translate into good movies.  He reminded us that we can be scared by  atmosphere alone.  And he showed us that when it comes to demons, the  messier the death, the better.  The Evil Dead is a horror fan's horror  movie, a not-so-subtle classic that deserves a place in every true horror  fan's heart.
055321263X|5.0|I \\"read\\" this book in my car as a book-on-tape.  This book listens superbly because it is composed as a series of narratives, and the different readers bring the different narratives to life.  Whatever you do, DO NOT READ OR LISTEN TO THE ABRIDGED VERSION as suggested by one misguided  editorial review.  As you will see by glancing at the other reviews, when  you finish the complete version, your piercing regret will be that there is  no more.  This book is a stunning, perhaps unique, combination of depth and  suspense.  You'll laugh, you'll cry and you'll be enthralled as it moves  from climax to climax.  Do yourself a favor and read as little as possible  about the plot before starting the book, so that you can fully appreciate its uncanny spell.
B000001Y2U|3.0|i liked this cd a lot even though i am embarrassed of listening to it. It has some very strong melodies that get stuck in your head forever. My favorite is Tourniquet. However, I don't understand why most reviewers give  5 stars to everything they like. A 5-star album must be flawless. I must be  a masterpiece of an album that stand among the top of its genre. This album  has some filler like cryptorcid with incredibly stupid lyrics and  irresponsible hate anthem which is a song with  I-heard-this-line-somewhere-else-before lyrics. Anways I always prefered  Marilyn to KorN because korn is simply not rock music. I would rather  classify it as BSB/nsync music since those are the fans they attract.
B00000JL86|4.0|Louise, it is NOT a Disney cartoon, precisely !  Hope you were better at school than that... Could you memorize one theorem in maths ?<br />By the way, liked the movie a lot too
0425170349|4.0|with Clancy is that he is writing about things second-hand.  There's on doubt that on Hunt For Red October he had a lot of help from instructors at the Naval Academy.  Now he thinks he's too good for those who wear the uniform. You want some good thrillers? check out Andy McNabb, Bob Mayer,  Greg Donegan.
B000002J2D|3.0|I remember this album as a favourite of mine when I first bought it 20 years ago but haven't heard it for a long time and was intrigued to see if it had weathered well. Surprisingly it has and it comes across as a  reasonably enjoyable and consistent album. <br />The best song is opener 'Down  and Out', an energetic track with an insistent rhythm and great rolling  drums that are a little too low in the mix as a previous reviewer rightly  noted; for all his faults Collins is a great drummer and deserves to be  heard.  The album quickly loses its momentum, however, and things become  more low-key from here-on, though there is still plenty here to enjoy.    The hit 'Follow You Follow Me' suffers from over familiarity but is a still  a very good song that is strangely tucked away at the end almost as an  afterthought. Elsewhere 'Undertow', 'Deep in the Motherlode', 'Many to  Many' and 'The Lady Lies' are all good, if not great, and shouldn't be  overlooked. <br />The following album 'Duke' gets the nod over 'And Then There  Were Three' but this is still well worth adding to your Genesis collection.  A previous reviewer descibed it as good 'Sunday afternoon' album. I  couldn't have put it better myself.
B000003N89|5.0|This lady can sing.  I only wish I could use more expressive language to express my delight in this CD.  She is a breath of fresh air in a world of divas gone mad and radio without soul.  All of the tracks on this album,  especially &quot;Frim Fram Sauce&quot; and &quot;If I Had You&quot;, brim  over with jazz like I haven't heard in a good long time.  If you haven't  yet sampled Ms. Krall voice, I highly recommend you do so without haste.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I think the best song on this CD is Break Stuff.  Whenever I feel sad I just listen to that song, and it makes me feel so much better
1558216847|5.0|This is an amazing book which is among the most compelling accounts of the human spirit that I have ever read or heard.  At the same time it is a beacon on the inhumanity that man can impart upon his fellow human beings.   There is beautiful juxtaposition of these two qualities throughout the  book.  I was almost moved to tears several times throughout the book (and I  think the last time I cried was during E.T.!)  My sister gave this book to  me after she read it in one sitting because she could not put it down.  It  is the kind of book that will forever stay with you, and that is really the  gift of Mr. Rawicz, and the gift to him as well.  He imparts us never to  forget what has happened and to learn from our past, to realize that to all  injustices there are human faces attached, and very real consequences.  However, at the same time it is an adventure story which is so incredible  it grips you and does not release its hold.  If this were fiction it would  be amazing, the fact that it is true stretches the mind to new dimensions.   Definitely one of the most powerful books you can read.  A must for anyone  who seeks to learn and to grow as a human, and in this way we can pay  tribute to men like Slavomir Rawicz.
630575067X|3.0|hi i enjoyed the movie, but i give the story line a poor rating, it suppose to be about ivasion but basically they take off to a planet end up picking a boy to be the main point of the whole triology of the instalment.  special effects were good. but a little more excitement in some parts,  instead of dull. heard that they are coming with the movie for vhs only,  but someplaces you can have it on cd dvd formatt but only part i enjoy is  the fight scenes, instead of you have to rewinde to a certain section that  is really not worth seeing at all, like i got bored in the middle. and  certain part of the movie.  hope the next 2 movies are good, some of the  characters are good. but at least have some action more.
0440219078|3.0|This was a pretty good book but it is very simular to brave new world and i think that book was a lot better.  But i think this book is good for kids who would not be able to hadle that kind of stuff.  i noticed a lot of people didn't like the ending but i thought it was good because you can decide for your self what happened.
B00000I8UD|4.0|Matching the magnificent work of Japan was always going to be difficult, despite the years Sylvian spent on this album, it's still not that great.<br />&quot;The other side of life&quot; is without question one of the  finest songs ever made. Nothing on this album comes anywhere close to it.  As for other Japan tracks, well, &quot;I surrender&quot; is good and  &quot;Thalhiem&quot; is also impressive, but apart from that there's not an  awful lot to write about.  It's a shame that Sylvian feels obliged to sing  in every song, the music sometimes has enough to say itself.<br />A good album  but the shadow of Japan is always going to be too big to conquer.
0441172717|4.0|Dune is a very complex novel, possibly even TOO complex. On the surface, it's an epic tale of good vs. evil, emperors, dukes, royalty, and romance all set on an alien world known as Arrakis.  The cultures and concepts in this book are so palpable, that it is mindblowing. My only complaint when  it comes to the novel, is that this book is very difficult to follow, and  can be downright boring in certain parts. But all in all, Dune is a  must-read.
0684872153|5.0|I DID NOT WANT TO READ THIS BOOK AT ALL. I TOLD THE PERSON WHO WANTED ME TO READ IT, IT'S NOT MY STYLE. WELL ALL I CAN SAY IS THANKS BUDDY THIS BOOK WAS A CLASSIC. THIS IS ONE BOOK WHERE THOSE STUFFY BOOK PEOPLE ARE RIGHT. THE BOOK IS FANTASTIC. GIVE IT A TRY YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Kubrick made this a film with gut clencher scenes; he made a film that pulls you to the edge of your seat; he made a film that laughed at itself; he made a film about the dark moods that bedevil the best of us.  Was his  choice of a 20s book not quite updated for the 90s deliberate?  Was he  joking with us by picking Tom Cruise to emote his way through his trauma  without sharing his thoughts?  I was enthralled and embarrassed and teased  and teased and teased by this movie, so many scenes set up in typical box  office fashion and spoilt in mockery, my stupid expectation foiled by an  ordinary - that is real - resolution (Kidman's dream for example).  Stay  away if you're looking for porno; stay away if you're looking for mindless  entertainment; stay away if you seek answers...  There are moments in this  movie of excruciating reality pinioned amidst unbelievable and unworthy  characters.
B00000J7J4|3.0|If you're expecting Pop, keep looking.  This is a genuine original.  The talents of this artist are complimented by other well-established musicians. Like a classic novel, you cannot appreciate the style by  skimming through it.  Listen.  Enjoy! My compliments to Santana for  supporting a charity with the proceeds.
6305718903|1.0|The general topic seemed interesting, and parts of the movie hit on that, but then the movie takes a nose dive into a completely unbelievable and incoherent plot, involving unbelievable and unsympathetic characters.<br />I  like supernatural movies, but not ones like this which insult your  intelligence and put you to sleep.  I guess that explains why the  soundtrack is cranked up (technical note: really terrible sound mixing) --  probably the only thing that can keep you awake.<br />If you want to see the  real quality of this genre, go see movies like Exorcist and Omen.  The  X-Files even had an episode on a stigmatic which was far more interesting,  well-written, and better acted than this flop.
B000001DTM|5.0|Attention Baby this is perfection!<br />To be quite honest the first time that I ever listened to Achtung Baby I was not that impressed, and was somewhat disappointed with it. I thought the new musical direction of U2  was really extreme and was just a little bit too weird for my taste or  liking. After the Joshua Tree,and Rattle and Hum, I was expecting and  hoping for something a little more reserved and of a similar sound to one  of those two previous albums. Was I ever in for a musical shock! As I  listened to the music I kept thinking to myself, these guys have really  gone overboard and have definitely blown it this time.  Having just plopped  down some cash for the music, I decided that I had better at least give it  a chance, and listen to it a few more times before I discarded it. Well I  can honestly say that I'm certainly glad that I took the time to listen to  this recording those few extra times. Each time thereafter that I listened  to Achtung, the sounds, the depth, and the feel of the album just continued  to grow and expand and really blossom into something incredibly brilliant  and amazing. Unfortunately for me, the first time I listened to this album,  I wasn't able to recognize this work for what it truly was, and that in my  honest opinion, is that of a true classic musical masterpiece! The whole  album from start to finish has a unique special sound and a depth and mood  that I had never experienced before in a recording, and really haven't  experienced since.  What's truly amazing to me is how this great sounding  album filled with the music of love and betrayal, of hope and despair has  remained a relatively obscure secret. A treasure that most of the music  world has seemed to ignore no matter how loudly the rest of us privileged  Achtung album owners have screamed and proclaimed its excellence.  Love is  drowning in a deep well, all the secrets and no one to tell, take the  money, honey, buy this!
6305627347|1.0|Not so long ago, it was considered hilarious and great humor to belittle and degrade minorities.  &quot;South Park&quot; appeals to the identical ugliness in human nature; it has just switched topics and targets so as to  be allowed in public.
B000001DTM|5.0|Attention Baby this is perfection!<br />To be quite honest the first time that I ever listened to Achtung Baby I was not that impressed, and was somewhat disappointed with it. I thought the new musical direction of U2  was really extreme and was just a little bit too weird for my taste or  liking. After the Joshua Tree,and Rattle and Hum, I was expecting and  hoping for something a little more reserved and of a similar sound to one  of those two previous albums. Was I ever in for a musical shock! As I  listened to the music I kept thinking to myself, these guys have really  gone overboard and have definitely blown it this time.  Having just plopped  down some cash for the music, I decided that I had better at least give it  a chance, and listen to it a few more times before I discarded it. Well I  can honestly say that I'm certainly glad that I took the time to listen to  this recording those few extra times. Each time thereafter that I listened  to Achtung, the sounds, the depth, and the feel of the album just continued  to grow and expand and really blossom into something incredibly brilliant  and amazing. Unfortunately for me, the first time I listened to this album,  I wasn't able to recognize this work for what it truly was, and that in my  honest opinion, is that of a true classic musical masterpiece! The whole  album from start to finish has a unique special sound and a depth and mood  that I had never experienced before in a recording, and really haven't  experienced since.  What's truly amazing to me is how this great sounding  album filled with the music of love and betrayal, of hope and despair has  remained a relatively obscure secret. A treasure that most of the music  world has seemed to ignore no matter how loudly the rest of us privileged  Achtung album owners have screamed and proclaimed its excellence.  Love is  drowning in a deep well, all the secrets and no one to tell, take the  money, honey, buy this!
0393312836|5.0|People have argued that A Clockwork Orange is too violent, too &quot;out-there&quot;, too difficult to understnad, but if you pay any attention at all to any sort of possible meaning that can be gained from Burgess' masterpiece it is simply incredible.  A CLockwork Orange and its  respective film pushed William S. Burroughs and Hunter S. Thompson to 2nd  and 3rd on my list of absolutely the best books ever written.  The entire  concept, characters, language,...everything about A Clockwork Orange is  incredible and everyone must read it!
6305750750|1.0|THIS MOVIE WAS TERRIBLE.  i am not even going to touch on jarjar.  george lucas went out of his way to introduce ever stupidcharacter, however he forgot to introduce the best character...Lando Calrissian.
B00003CWPR|3.0|Sometimes Kubrick's work is all at once wonderfully disturbing and entertaining - 2001, Strangelove, Clockwork Orange, The Shining.<br />Eyes Wide Shut is haunting and entertaining also - but the mystery of this movie  has very little supporting story compared to the rest, which were rich all  around.<br />Regardless, Kubricks unnerving eye is in full effect here and  Kubrickians will get their fix - albeit more methodonal.
B000003EUL|5.0|It is hard to imagine not being deeply moved by the concerto, especially the slow movement.  There is something beyond sound itself that maintains the architecture of this movement.  The consonance between conductor and  soloist is obvious.  This recording was a rare appearance at the time of a  Soviet artist in the west, perhaps this adds some emotional edge to it.   Whatever the reason, this recording (which I listened to for years on  vinyl) is beyond comparison.
0553296981|5.0|I'm halfway done with this book and I like it a lot. The only teeny problem is sometimes I can't understand stuff Anne says, like I have to read the lines again to understand. When I first picked up the book, which  I borrowed from my best friend, I read for an hour straight. When you start  reading this book you can barely stop, so I suggest you get a copy of this  book and start reading. I can relate a lot to the way Anne feels---imagine  being locked up for two years in a place like the &quot;Secret  Annexe&quot;, not being able to go out just because of your religion, and  hardly being able to enjoy things you should rightfully be able to. Not too  good for young readers, 'cause they might have a hard time understanding  stuff about the war, and the book contains some material that's not best  for young kids.
6305426694|2.0|I can't believe people gave this movie a good review.  I saw it, sure its a good movie but not a five star movie! John Travolta and Robert Duvall are at the turning point in their careers.  The only person I thought who did  an &quot;exceptional&quot; job was William H. Macy (Mystery Men, Psycho: a  remake, Boogie Nights).  I'll admit John Travolta did a good job same with  Robert Duvall but the movie is too low grade for them.                                                      The plot is about a town where people are  dying of a possible contamination in the water.  Thats where clever lawyer  John Travolta comes in.  At first it seems like the case is too good to be  true so e immediatly signs on... Well it turns out it isn't that easy and  the company Jonny-o is filing against isn't backing down...                                                   On a rating of A+ to a f I'd give it a C+.   The movies characters are written exceptionally and well acted.  But the  plot ceases to entertain you.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Dogma is an excellent blend of comedy, and religious satire.  From director/writer/star Kevin Smith, Dogma is a religious comedy for the non-religious.  It stars Linda Fiorentino as Bethany, the last descendant  of Christ, who is called upon to save the world from Bartleby and Loki, two  fallen angels trying to return to heaven, played by pals Matt Damon and Ben  Affleck. It is the supporting cast that makes this film so hilarious.  The  cast includes Selma Hayek, Kevin Smith, Jason Lee, Chris Rock, Alan Rickman  and Alanis.  It is the most original and provocative film done by Kevin  Smith, since his low-budget pic Clerks.  It is a film which embraces  religion while poking fun at it in the classic Kevin Smith style.  I highly  recommend this film to everyone.
0788811355|5.0|Two Sentences: This is unduobtedly best movie of all time! And Winner of 9 academy awards including:                                         Best Picture,   Best Supporting Actress:  (Juliette Binoche)and,  Best director:  (Anthoney Minghella).     And I guarentee you that this movie will keep you  awake, excited and make you want to read the wonderful novel by Michael  Odaantje
B000005IRG|5.0|simply put it's a shame that verlaine and company aren't household names. the playing here is so lovely and fluid- you'll hear echoes of coltrane, the allman brothers in their more trancendant moments and maybe even  richard thompson.<br />i can't reccomend this cd enough. if you don't think  that television belong in rocks 'canon' maybe you need your ears checked.  possibly the only thing to compare with this would have been seening them  live circa '78 or owning a bunch or their bootlegs, as what you experience  here is just a foundation for what they did in concert. YOU MUST BUY THIS!
B000000WJZ|4.0|I can see why this album is included in Rolling Stone's Essential recordings of the 90s. But I also agree with Matt Rust of Cape Cod--Billy Corgan should stop singing. I've just listened to their new single  Everlasting Gaze and his voice is still whiny as ever. Ok, that said, the  rest of the album is simply brilliant. The only thing which keeps me from  giving it five stars is that annoying voice. Soma is one of my favourite  songs *of all time*. This song should shut up the snobs who think that only  classical musicians write good music. Billy is one of the most talented  songwriters around but why can't he shut up and let other people sing?
6304490119|5.0|This movie is the one of the best ever made. The series is much better, but don't miss this one, you'll regret it.
078322608X|4.0|A lot of people are ecstatic over The Matrix, claiming it breaks new grounds in cinematic history.  While it has some great camera work, Gilliam has long taken us into &quot;question reality&quot; worlds... and I feel  with 12 Monkeys he has accomplished a feat worthy of  acclaim.<br />Orchestrating a film such as this must have been hectic! I think  12 Monkeys does a great job of transporting the viewer to an alternate  reality of gadgetry and armageddon, desire and big brotherness, fear and  delusion. Though you see the future of the film from its first scene,  you're constantly whipped about across time in a frenzy only Gilliam could  sculpt into a &quot;believable&quot; tale of what could be described as a  tormented quest for love and freedom.<br />Kudos for Gilliam! Imagine what he  could do with a nearly limitless budget! The DVD includes a great  &quot;behind the scenes&quot; documentary which convincingly relates the  world that is Gilliam in action. A most telling scene depicts the director  in a frustrated moment, crushed that he cannot always display on a screen  the depths of his imagination.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|I didn't notice any extra scenes.  I did however, notice the lack of two scenes. 1) Hawkeye says to Duncan &quot;one of these days we are going to have a serious disagreement. 2) When they made their escape on the lake  Hawkeye said &quot;fine day on the lake major&quot; as Duncan pointed his  sidearm at Hawkeye from the other boat.  Both scenes missing.
B000035P7X|5.0|That this film is a classic pretty much goes without saying. What might be worth mentioning, even to the converted, is that the DVD appears to be multi-region, not region 1.
0964385619|1.0|Surely not a &quot;how to&quot; book.  Author bombards you with stories on how he struck it rich, but never gives you more than philoshophy on how to do it yourself.  Unlike other titles similar to this one (ex. The millionaire next door, The Motley Fool Series etc.), this book offered  nothing concrete by which you could go by or start off with.  If you are  looking for a lecture, buy this book.  If you want a title that gets you on  your way to a secure financial future, look elsewhere.
B0000029DD|2.0|I hate to be a naysayer -- Buckley's voice is gorgeous and he obviously has talent, but his rendition of Leonard Cohen's Halleluja struck me the wrong way; while sung clearly and with talent, Buckley's arrangement  utterly fails to capture the essence of a truly beautiful song.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Dogma was one of my favorite movies of all time!   The cast was great, the lines were great, and it trashed religion in a funny way.  Chris Rock, and Jay and Silent Bob were the best.  Great movie I recommend it for all!
B000021Y77|5.0|From the opening credits, this movie had me hooked.  Then, as the last ending credits rolled off the screen, I pressed rewind and watched again. From an audio/visual standpoint, this is eaisly one of the best movies  ever.  The way the images and sounds tell the story is captivating, really  making you experience the pressure of the situation that Lola is faced with  (and the pressure all of us feel sometimes when faced with the choices of  life).  The plot, when judged traditionally, is weak.  But, two factors  make that completely irrelevant.  First, this movie details a 20 minute  period of the characters' lives. Second, this is a concept film, with the  &quot;concept&quot; being &quot;the domino effect.&quot;  Run, Lola, Run  does a beautiful job of illustating the potential importance of every  choice we are presented with.  This, I believe, was the director's goal,  and he certainly succeeded.
B000002H2H|5.0|'Ride the Lightning' is perhaps the most under-rated Metallica album ever.  While fans today call the 'Black' album along with 'Master of Puppets' best Metallica records, this recording is the unsung hero.  A follow-up to  Metallica's debut album 'Kill Em All', this album shows much improved song  writing, and still keeps its heaviness and blasting speed.  Starting off  with such aggressive songs as Fight Fire With Fire and the title track, the  album descends into suicidal mood with Fade to Black (the best  &quot;slow&quot; song Metallica has ever written, in my opinion), and then  breaks open again into the thrashing with Trapped Under Ice and continues  to do so until the end of the album.  This is hands down THE Metallica  album to own.
0440219078|5.0|This book is very well done! The author does an excellent job of not revealing what exactly is going on. In this way she holds your interest until the very end of the story. The characters have depth and emotion and  Jonas really draws you into the story. This book will make you question  everything you beleive about life. An excellent work!
B000009EAD|5.0|Note: Greg McLaughlin from Poughkeepsie, learn how to spell.  And before you make a statement, you should consider more than one fact.  SWTWC is a great album, by far Iced Earth's best effort to date, but Iron Maiden have  released 12 great studio recordings.  Iced Earth's only fine records are  'Dark Saga' and the album which I am reviewing, 'Something Wicked This Way  Comes'.  When Iced Earth will have released eleven more great classic  albums such as Something Wicked, then maybe we should considering placing  Iced Earth above Iron Maiden.  But for now, you shouldn't even DARE to  compare the two bands, because that may anger many, many Maiden fans.  (It  has angered me a lot) Now, as for the album 'Something Wicked This Way  Comes', it's a masterpiece.  Iced Earth have struggled until now.  Their  earlier efforts have been weak and not as melodical as this album is.   'Dark Saga' showed signs of melody, but SWTWC utilized it to perfection.   This record is a must have for a metal fan.
6304493681|4.0|&quot;Ghost in the shell&quot; is a very thought provoking anime.  The story line seems rather complex at first, but after watching the movie twice it has proved to be very intriguing.  I really love this movie on a  visual level.  The blend of computer animation and 2d animation techniques  has created many incredible moments.  Even though I enjoy the deeply  cerebral themes running through &quot;Ghost in the shell&quot;, its visual  splendor is what provides me with the most sustenance and inspiration.  If  you are looking for pure entertainment, look elsewhere, but if your are  looking for an anime that proves to be extremely satisfying on many levels,  &quot;Ghost in the shell&quot; is sure to please.
B00000K31V|2.0|Have you read Ian Watson's Deathhunter? It took me a while to make the link, but now I know why I didn't like eXistenZ that much. It's just been done better before. Watson similarly deals with virtual reality and the  blurring of it and reality. He also has a similar cop-out ending. Only he's  more imaginative than Cronenberg.<br />eXistenZ is an &quot;interesting&quot;  movie. Blurring the lines between reality and fiction, not knowing what is  real and what is not, can be an effective way to introduce suspense.  eXistenZ doesn't manage that fully. It remains an interesting ride, but  never really takes off. It slowly introduces us to an interesting world,  but just as we get to understand it better, it suddenly ends. There is no  real closure, and the movie left me with a feeling that David Cronenberg  just wanted to confuse me. The ending seems like a cop-out - although a  predictable one. It is a little thought provocative, but mainly in that you  have to think real hard to make sense of it. Jennifer Jason Leigh's  character is not easy to like or identify with, which didn't help. All in  all, it's a movie that you can afford to miss. Star Trek: The Next  Generation had a better episode that dealt with uncertainty about the real  reality (and I'm not that great a fan of ST:TNG), and, as I said before,  Ian Watson also did it better (not that his book was perfect). But eXistenZ  could probably be adapted to a nice TV series.<br />The DVD is also nothing  special. You get the usual scene selection and theatrical trailer, and the  really pathetic &quot;film recommendations&quot;. The latter shows you  pictures of the covers of six other films that you might like to see.  Pictures! Static pictures! You'd think that someone with half the brain  would have put the trailers for these movies on the disc (it's not like  it's crammed too tight with material). But no, they had to put just  pictures! Sorry, got carried away a little. It's just that this really is  the mostpathetic DVD feature I've ever seen.<br />Final comment: After  reading some of the customer reviews, I removed the obvious comparison to  The Matrix. They really are too different, execpt for the subject of  virtual reality. However, The Matrix was a well done action film, and a  really well done DVD. eXistenZ is just okay. I have nothing against the  acting or the gore or the effects, but if you want a really imaginative and  funny movie that blurs reality, see Being John Malkovich.
6304288433|4.0|What a great movie!   Suspense and murder galore, and a great plot.  One thing I always loved about this movie is that there isn't one mean person in it.  You feel sorry for everyone who gets killed.  The organ music is  incredible, and every time I watch it, it gives me the good ol' chills and  winces!   All of the hospital instruments were brilliant, particularly the  hypodermic syringes and the intravenous tube.  The scene where Bennett  Tramer is hit by a cop car and roasts is also top notch.  Just about every  minute of the film is pure, classic suspense.  It is the most suspenseful  horror film I've ever seen.  The only part of the movie I hate is when we  see a boy with a razor in a marshmallow that he's eating!   Gratuitous and  in very poor sadistic taste.  Really stupid, too.  Thank goodness it didn't  last too long.
0684872153|5.0|This book was a very inlighting experience.  It made me look at all the things I myself take for  granted.  I was lucky growing up. I lived in the same home, had food on the table, and clothes to wear.  I was  very lucky!    Thanks Frank McCourt for opening my eyes to those less fortunate than  I.
0788816454|4.0|Adam Sandler is excellent at acting - so people who criticize him, don't! He does what he has to do to act and deserves praise.<br />This is a stupid, wacky but cool movie about Bobby Bocuher (Sandler) and his over-protective  moma (Kathy Bates) who doesn't know about his tackling skills and he joined  a football team, which is not allowed. Will his moma fake her death? Will  she embarass her son? Will she play football herself? This is an  unpredictable funny flick co-starring The Craft's Fairuza Balk and Screams  Henry Winkler.
6302649943|4.0|Everyone else here wrote about Tim Curry.. so here's my take on the MOVIE: This nightmarish creation of Stephen King pulls at the deeply rooted fears of childhood and creates a more tangible horror creeping in every shadow.   The surrealistic shift of a clown from the bringer of laughter to a bringer  of pain and terror is pure genius. I enjoy the long development of each  character from childhood to adult.  Each person becomes engrained in the  mind of the viewer.  Their dreams and, more importantly, their nightmares  become the only thing you care about as you sit engrossed at this macabre  vision.  This type of intense characterization is seemingly unique to King  as he lovingly crafts every detail of his particular brand of art.  It is a  non-stop suspenseful nightmare that made my skin crawl and my spine chill  every time I heard a boisterous clown laugh or even had to step out into  the pitch black.   I have always been a Stephen King fan, but not even the  bloody vampire movie \\"Night Flyer\\" can top \\"It\\" in the horror department.   There is no particular scene or portion of the movie to pick out and claim  to be the high point of the movie, but there are several points that make  even the most calm moviegoer jump and scream.  The one thing I enjoy most  is that no matter who I watch this movie with and no matter how many times  I see it I know that somehow, somewhere I will be surprised and startled!
B0000025T6|5.0|An incredibly moving recording - dark, brooding, brilliant. Evocative of very elemental feelings.<br />Bruce's least &quot;polished&quot;, but probably his best to date.
0002318350|5.0|This is an unbelieveble book of Agatha Cristie  I had red many of Agatha Cristie but  havent red  so wicked book before because the book containes everything which you wanted to read in a formal book.The begining of the  book is a little bit hard to understand but you feel very nervous when you  read middle of the book because you dont know who is the murder and count  of people always count down and you suspect a man or a woman is a  murder  after that that man killed.This is a book that you must read and must be in  your library.
0679809015|5.0|I read this book to my 6 month old daughter at least twice a day and she never gets tired of it! She loves the colorful pictures and the interesting sounds that I make for each animal.
6303593666|5.0|It's easy to see how this now famous (or infamous) 1934 film could have helped reinforce Hitler's already dizzying domination of the German psyche. For our own time, it helps reveal the human complexity of the Nazi  phenomenon - so much more than just a march of crazed fanatics, as it's  often stereotyped today.  Triumph of the Will is particularly relevant to  current politics - the Austrian controversy, as well as the continued  importance of various dictators who still garner so much of the media  spotlight. <br />Sadly, the near-sightedness of the Nazi mentality and its  contradictory nature were already glaringly apparent at the time the movie  was shot.  Hitler's frenzied admonitions to value &quot;peace&quot; but at  the same time to cultivate &quot;courage&quot;, bristle with contradiction  and hypocrisy. Brief allusions to racial purity and clear-cut moral  rectitude are darkly ominous, as are the reiterated pledges of allegiance  to Hitler , the man.  It's instructive to compare Nazi rhetoric with much  of today's political hype, though, as many others have pointed out, nobody  else has done it with quite the same elan.  I venture to think that had  they watched their own film with a more discerning eye, the Nazis might  have seen what we see - a perfect example of how mankind is most blind to  the realities of his own time.  <br />From an artistic standpoint, I can  appreciate why it's cited as one of the most accomplished of all  propagandist vehicles.  Nazi shortcomings notwithstanding, the film is  stunning.  Riefenstahl's contribution is self-evident - even if she didn't  direct the action herself, she captured and organized it admirably.  But  for all that, it is still the action which is most spellbinding.  The  gripping facial expressions,  the charismatic speeches, the thundering  shouts of allegiance, the enormous scale and choreography - all of this  actually took place!  Combine that with historical perspective - knowing  what all of it would lead to - and the movie takes on a haunting and  psychologically penetrating quality.   <br />I not only recommend this film to  others, I strongly advise it.   The mental impression it makes is the very  essence of social fanaticism.  Many will instinctively feel its primitive  appeal, and then, after putting it into perspective, recognize its  destructive potential.   Watching this movie, appreciating the feelings it  evokes and reflecting on what it all means, truly must be viewed as a  worthwhile edification.
6304913176|1.0|C'mon guys!  This opinion of &quot;intellectually silly&quot; is really....silly.  The idea that if you intentionally make a move so ludicrous that somehow it MUST have an intellectual undertone is insulting  to those of us who really do know &quot;Intellectual comedy&quot;(i.e.  Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead).  The idea that a solar system  located about 10,000 light years away can shoot &quot;bug bombs&quot;  acroos the galaxy in a couple of months time is ascenine.  Couple that with  &quot;Melrose Place in Space&quot; mentality and you have  this...ahem...picture. The only thing missing was Jim Varney (aka Ernest  Worl) as &quot;Der Fuherer&quot;...to make so satrical as to make it  intellectually intriguing...yeah, right...
