0380788624|5.0|I'm still trying to figure out whether a page-turner so clever, so crafted, can be considered great literature. Dang, that's a hard one. Or whether it really matters if the ending to the Odyssey was done &quot;hit the brakes&quot; style, and whether any of the handful of rough spots in this mountain of gems should be given the attention some of the other reviewers have given them. I read this book relatively slowly, because a third of the way through I realized it was too enjoyable to waste. Now I'm sorry it's over, and going back to reread some of the trophies I flagged. <br />Maybe some of the naysayers were looking for &quot;get on with it&quot; fast-pulp. Based of his very bright but uneven Snow Crash, I had expected a good sci-fi book. What I got blew me away. Cryptonomicon is a grand book, original, but if you want an idea, perhaps a cross between Laurence Sterne, Vonnegut, Douglas Adams, Pynchon and Tom Clancy. Absolutely stunning at times. At its worst, it's still a great paperback. You can't go wrong. Where did he GET all of this texture? Touches on so many important issues, so rich in vivid detail and observation, that it's fair to call it one of the first of a new generation of books born of the Web. Not in any trendy sense, but in that it bears the mark of the Infinitely Informed. That &quot;click-through to keep going further&quot; feeling. <br />p.s. World War II was arguably in the same general era as ours, as Stephenson more or less credibly points out. It's a stretch, but it works. I do truly shudder at the thought of a follow-up set in the 17th century. Mainly because Stephenson's strength is *precisely* in that which makes us &quot;modern&quot;. Please, Neal, if you're reading this, don't do an Anne Rice.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|I just bought this CD yesterday and listened to the entire album this morning.  Although it is late October, I couldn't help but feel that Christmasy feeling all over.  This is a wonderful compilation of traditional holiday classics such as &quot;Angles We Have Heard On High&quot; and &quot;Oh Holy Night,&quot; as well as new Christina gems like &quot;This Year&quot; and &quot;These Are The Special Times.&quot;  In my opinion, this CD is second only to Mariah Carey's &quot;Merry Christmas&quot; from 1994.  But, thank you, Christina, for putting out an EXCELLENT addition to my collection!  I recommend this album for all Christina Aguilera fans as well as holiday music collectors.
068484267X|5.0|Like the title for this review, &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; was an incredible book.  Bought on a recommendation from a friend, I found this book to be quite insightful and painfully honest.  McCourt's testimony of his early childhood was not only a pleasure to read, but it really makes you thankful for what you have.  Don't pass this book up, it certainly is worth reading.
B00004XONN|5.0|First off, this is nothing like OK Computer. Second, I feel that it's better then OK Computer (if that's possible.) Kid A is definatly an album for the open minded. I'm not saying people who arn't open minded are bad, they just wouldn't like this CD. All my friends say this music is just plain &quot;wierd&quot;. On the contrary, I think Kid A is totaly normal and every other CD in my collection has suddenly become &quot;wierd&quot;. If you, like me, feel everything has been done in music and bands are just putting new twists on old themes, get Kid A. It's like an entire new genre of music. I don't know if that was Radioheads goal, but they've certainly accomplished something amazing.
B00004YRQA|5.0|the old ps1 cards will ONLY work with ps1 games, the ps2 games will NOT save onto the old cards, no matter how big they are.  The ps2 games will only save on a ps2 memory card. The us version does NOT come with a bundeled memory card either, so keep checking back for one.
B00000J7J7|5.0|In Elegiac Cycle the elements that form the extraordinary and unique voice of Mehldau are completely developed. First comes the melody, that is the core and the guideline of every passage, in every track. The melody is structured within classic forms. This gives romanticism, solemnity, deepness, and infinite possibilities of variations on theme. But the inspiration is pop, the author is clearly embedded in the last 30 years of pop culture. In this sense, he is really contemporary. If the melting of classic and pop creates the melody, jazz is the improvisation   But the real distinctive sign of Mehldau is that, no matter how much adventurous or avant-gard some of his phrases can be, he never leaves the melodic line that is deconstructed and reconstructed continuously until, at the end of the piece the music gets back to the starting theme. In fact, if you start listening a track not from the beginning, you are always able to recognize which piece is it. Is this a limitation? No, on the contrary. Leaving the melody and improvising with no theme, you end up to repeat the same things that you always do and make you confortable. But if you are anchored to the melody, you are forced to be different in any song. That's way Mehldau's music is never tedious or repetitive, but always brilliant and surprising. Because what he plays is always distinctive of THAT moment, and noth just a cliche', repeated all the way through the end of the CD.   About his fantastic technique, I think music is not technique, but it gives you the possibility to eventually expand what you can create in music. For example, to compose (or just to play) the fantastic third track Memory's Tricks, you need to be a great piano player. Certainly he is the best piano player that jazz music has ever had.   My vote: 10 stars.
B00004Z459|5.0|Don't you hate it when you buy a CD and every song sounds the same?  I know I do.  This is not the case with Linkin Park-Hybrid Theory.  I have never known of a band that could successfully pull off so many different sounds within the same CD.  From start to finish, this CD is AWESOME! This CD and Hed PE's  Broke are in my cd player non-stop. One thing that I have to point out...I was quite surprised when i picked up the CD and it didn't have a parental advisory.  That just shows that a CD can be great and not be offensive to anyone.  Hybrid Theory was definately worth my 15 bucks.  Way to go guys!
B00004XONN|4.0|What do you say about a CD that confuses and compels you at the same time?  With &quot;Kid A,&quot; Radiohead steps forth as a band that refuses to rest on its laurels, for which I am most thankful (as are the majority of reviewers on this page).  The songs reflect the band's need to expand their own ideas of what music is and can be.  The title track is a collage of sounds and aural etchings over a hypnotic syntheziser track.  The fact that Thom Yorke is unintelligible is irrelevant--it's the TEXTURE of the song that I'm hooked on.  &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; is beautiful in its simplicity (a tribute to being one with your paranoia?  Maybe that's why we listen to Radiohead in the first place).  The best songs, in my view, are, &quot;Optimistic,&quot; &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack,&quot; and the opulent (and dance-friendly!) &quot;Idioteque.&quot;<br />It's really not fair to compare this release to &quot;OK Computer (if you're pining for an &quot;OK Computer&quot; throwback, &quot;Optimistic&quot; is as close as you're going to get).&quot;  I actually think of &quot;Kid A&quot; as recorded performance art more so an album.  There are bits of madness that work wonderfully (the aforementioned songs as well as &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;--the clashing strings accent Yorke's pained vocals).  But the acid jazz horns on &quot;The National Anthem&quot; seem over-the-top to the point of being annoying.  And the instrumental &quot;Treefingers&quot;--in a word, yawn.<br />I'll be honest.  I don't LOVE this album as much as I love &quot;OK Computer,&quot; which to me is a PERFECT album.  But &quot;Kid A&quot; offers dense, kaleidoscopic sound that's captivating and unique.  The more I listen to it, the more I respect Yorke &amp; Co. for taking the risks that resulted in this CD, and for demanding that their fans and new listeners accept the learning curve with them.
B00004W510|5.0|THE BAND is a classic, but why couldn't the producers have included a lyric booklet instead of an essay? My friends and I have always wanted to know the words to &quot;The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down.&quot; Also &quot;Up on Cripple Creek.&quot; This album is rather indecipherable for folks whose first language isn't English. --Rosa La Luna.
B00003CXHJ|3.0|The director walks a tightrope on the historical accuracy of this film that could only be called confusing and ultimately a black mark on this movie. Otherwise U-571 was an enjoyable submarine movie with merits of its own that would have been better served by a different plotline that didnt confuse the history of the enigma.
0800103661|5.0|Ok, everybody writes about how good the plot and the acting are, so you can read those reviews to find out how intelligent Gattaca is.  And it really is good and thought-provoking.  But it's also just plain cool.  Jude Law is a hunk, his character is named Eugene (one of my favorite names) and... he has a British accent!  Is that cool or what?  Much cooler than Vincent.  Oh, and some of my friends like Uma Thurman so if you like Uma Thurman, watch Gattaca.  I remember on Christmas vacation a few years ago my family went to the beach and my folks rented Gattaca and were watching it over and over, but I ignored them because I was reading Edward Gorey books.  Then I watched Gattaca in genetics class and found out what I was missing. <br />Funny how the decor in Gattaca equates &quot;retro&quot; with &quot;futuristic.&quot;  In the future, buildings will be full of chrome and twinkly lights?  And everybody will wear MiB black suits?  Neat.
B000001FKY|5.0|I first got this album when I was in sixth grade. I listened to it so much and I love all the songs (although I still don't know all the words). The music is so addicting. Great guitar and drums and awesome vocals by Joe Elliot. Hysteria one of those albums that you will never tire of! Ten years later and I am still rocking to Def Leppard! Every song is great. &quot;Animal&quot;, &quot;Love Bites&quot;, &quot;Love and Affection&quot;, and &quot;Hysteria&quot; are great relationship songs. Very sweet. &quot;Pour Some Sugar on Me&quot;, &quot;Armageddon It&quot;, &quot;Rocket&quot;, &quot;Gods of War&quot;, &quot;Excitable&quot; just make you want to dance and play air guitar and air drums. Very cool. Def Leppard is my favorite rock band! I also have the Euphoria album (&quot;Promises&quot; is so good!). I encourage you to get this album- it will not disappoint! You will love EVERY song and will want to replay them over and over again!
B00004XMVL|4.0|My dad took me to see this at a movie theater, and I was expecting a pretty ordinary monster movie with which to while away my summer vacation, but I was surpised.  Pitch Black was better than I expected, with the beautiful desert visuals and the &quot;Saturn rising&quot; eclipse scene...  And the killer-turned-hero was pretty charming with his glowing eyes (oooh) under those cool sunglasses, and his neat silver dagger.  He could've been an anime hero.  I liked the crossdressing girl too--she was cute, and she didn't get killed, yay!  This is a movie for teens who hang out in comics shops.  More fun than Godzilla!  More worthwhile than Titanic!  School's out.  Enjoy yourself.  Get some candy and Pitch Black.
B00000G6FN|4.0|This album highlights the fact that the paice gillan lord blackmore glover line up produced the most vibrant essential deep purple sound of all. This is a great album to get a sense of the evolvement of deep purple, with speed king sounding as powerful as ever, and an impressive remix of highway star. I just wanted to jump in the car and drive! If I was still looking for some deep purple music (and you want to hear Space Truckin' which is omitted from this cd) I'd go for digitally remastered versions of In Rock and Machinehead, but if you're looking for the history of the band this this cd should satisfy.
B0000000LI|5.0|I SAW THIS MAN AT THE FORUM IN L A. HE HAD US ON THE EDGE OF THE SEAT THE WHOLE TIME. THERE IS NO ONE LIKE HIM, NOR WILL THERE EVER BE.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|I got the cd as a birthday gift a few weeks ago, and I love it. Its all I listen to. Her voice is so bold and strong, yet she can sound as soft as an angel. Come on over, and turn to you are good examles of her talent.  Come on over shows how strong her and bold her voice is. And I turn to you shows that she is plenty capable of doing a ballad, she pulls it off incredibly! This girl has tons of talent and should be proud of the gift god gave her. I enjoyed this cd and hearing her sing. Thanks Christina!
0887306101|5.0|Mr. Schwager interviewed 17 stock and futures market professionals. Many of them have proven highly successful trading records and have been well known to the industry. Intelligent questions and answers are throughout the  interviews (although a couple of the traders in the book did not show the same depth in their speech as the others'). <br />One of the most valuable things in the book is that you can learn what's in common (including trading strategies and philosophy)among the very successful traders. This book  is highly educational for the new and the experienced traders.  It's entertaining in many chapters as well. In my opinion,  it's the best book on trading today and will remain the best  or one of the best in the coming decades.
0553573403|4.0|Martin's novel A Game of Thrones may be lengthy enough to quailify as a doorstop but its writing quality sets it apart and makes a strong case for the genre.<br />Martin is able to tell the stories of multiple characters (each having their own brief chapter of ~10-20 pages) by skipping between them along the timeline of the plot.  That is, the characters that don't die off.  One thing you'll find here is that Martin is not afraid to have some of his main characters interact within the world in a somewhat realistic way.<br />By doing this, he keeps the fantasy aspect of the book in check by keeping it from becoming an epic prophecy story where everything goes right and there is never really any anxiety on the reader's part (Goodkind).  I think the greatest success of this novel (and the successor, &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot;) is the realism.<br />Of course, the standard fantasy elements are there:  castles, dragons, knights, kings, magic (albeit, quite toned down compared to most authors), etc...  His treatment of these aspects is quite nice.  The brunt of the story takes place in a magicless land so most of the magic in the book is treated with great respect (even simple things by the standards of other novels).  The characters react to magic with suspicion and fear, which is a nice change of pace.<br />Another refreshing change is that Martin has escaped the 800+ page syndrome that causes the writer's writing to become almost childish with simple descriptions and dialogue that could easily be placed into a novel for 10 year olds.  His writing stays at a consistently high level throughout the novel up until the very last chapter.<br />All in all, highly recommended.
B000002GJH|5.0|I swear to you, if I could give this record 10 stars, I would. Yes, it is -that- good. This album is a beautiful musical clash which happens just about once in a lifetime. Members of Soundgarden and Mother Love Bone {together with a new found guitar hero, Mike McCready} got together in order to pay respect to the late and great Andrew Wood. The result is an extremely good hard rock album mixed with a touch of blues. It's an album that evokes fellings of true sadness, love and hope.
B00003CWL6|5.0|First of all, GREAT movie!  Kudos to everyone involved in the film.  My only disappointment is the DVD will not play in my only DVD player which is installed in my computer.  My PC is brand new and I've played 10 other DVD's that work fine.  I wish Dreamworks Entertainment would have made a disclaimer stating that it may not be compatible with PC DVD players or provided a list of non-compatible DVD players....
B000002B2T|5.0|For me, the album is hand, along with &quot;Temple Of The Dog&quot; and Mother Love Bone, is one of the most important and moving records to ever come out of Seattle. Members of Pearl Jam, Alice In Chains and Screaming Trees mix hard rock, blues a bit of jazz and a few trippy notes to create an extremely solid and sad album. Put the lights out, light a candle and listen to the blues of &quot;Artifical Red&quot;, the hard rock of &quot;I don't know anyting&quot; and the trippy &quot;All alone&quot;. Come on, don't be afraid to cry.... Also, this is the album where Mike McCready really got to show his song writing talents and obtain his &quot;guitar god&quot; status.
B000001ESN|5.0|Enter the 80's, a new decade and a new era in the history of Rush. Although Rush had showed a clear progress for each new album I don't think many people expected the growth in production and overall sound evident on this masterpiece. By placing the keyboards more up front than on the last two albums they added a new dimension to the music. Neil Peart contributed with some of his best lyrics ever, this time more reality based in contrast to the more fantasy based lyrics on earlier albums. <br />Although adding more keyboards Rush were still a guitar oriented band, and this became clear from the very beginning with the opening cut Spirit of Radio. One of the most succesful Rush songs ever, and deservingly so, it is one of those songs that always brings a smile to your face. And they keep up the pace with Free Will, also a Rush classic with top notch drumming courtesy of Mr.Peart. Jacob's Ladder is more of a moody track with very inspired guitar work by Alex. The song is over seven minutes long and mostly instrumental, a fantastic tune that should not be overlooked. <br />The second side of the album begins with Entre Nous, the only track on here that doesn't rock my world. But Different Strings does, one of my all time favourite ballads. The album ends with Natural Science, and I can't praise this song enough. The whole band plays like there's no tomorrow, this song is the shortest nine minutes you will ever experience! I would recommend this album to anyone, it really is a masterpiece that will always be one of my favourite albums in the fantastic world of Rush.
B00004XONN|5.0|I don't know how to begin describing this work. As a friend said, &quot;There are no songs.&quot; It is a moving, lovely, sweet, strong 45 minutes of atmospheric beauty. Jump in.
B000001ESP|5.0|How do you follow up a fantastic album like Permanent Waves. Well either you realise the impossibility of the task or you do the impossible and make an album that's just as good, if not even better. Rush chose the second option and delivered Moving Pictures. <br />The album opens with Tom Sawyer, probably the most well known Rush song. All I can say is that it deserves to be a rock classic. Red Barchetta is just as good with great lyrics by Neil. This is the song to listen to in your car while driving down the highway. XYZ are not just three letters of the alphabet, it's a great instrumental track by Rush and in my opinion the best they ever made (closely followed by La Villa Strangiato). My favourite song on the album comes next and is called Limelight. The chorus is so damn cathcy you find yourself humming it all the time. And the main riff of the song rules supreme! <br />The Camera Eye is eleven minutes of Rush magic, and the last song Rush made that passed the ten minute mark (but I still got my fingers crossed that it will happen again). Witch Hunt is a very heavy song, the riff sends shivers down your spine. And Neil is the only drummer who could think of using a cowbell on such a song, and of course he pulls it off. The last song Vital Signs has kind of a reagge feel to it, and I really like it. It's a great song to close the album. In conclusion I have to say that I love every song on this album, it is in my opinion one of the few &quot;perfect&quot; albums made by any band.
B000006O7C|1.0|I may never know why people worshipped this man. Repeated listenings to this album have brought me no closer. Self-indlugent music, shallow lyrics, what's to like? Maybe I will learn . . .
B000001ESF|5.0|When I think of the year 1976 two things immediatly comes to my mind, first of all it's the year of my birth and second it was a great year for hard rock. Although bands like Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin and Deep Purple were past their glory days or had disbanded(Purple), many bands peaked this year by releasing classic rock albums. For example Rising(Rainbow), Jailbreak(Thin Lizzy), Destroyer(Kiss), Rocks(Aerosmith) and Sad Wings Of Destiny(Judas Priest). But if I had to pick my favourite album of 1976 it would definitively be 2112!  Taking up the whole of the first side is an epic track over 20 minutes long and that's the title track, later to become one of their most famous compositions. A daring move commercially, but Rush has always walked their own musical path and they continued the formula used on the Caress Of Steel album in spite its lack of success.   Based on the writings of Ayn Rand the title track tells a story of a man living in &quot;The Solar Federation&quot;, a futuristic society. The Federation is controlled by the priest's of &quot;The Temple Of Syrinx&quot;, and there's no room for individuality, everyone watches the same television programs and reads the same papers. One day he finds an ancient musical instrument (a guitar) and discovers the beauty of music. He presents this &quot;device&quot; to the rulers of the Federation, but they don't share his excitement at all and destroys the instrument in front of him. Realising that there's no room for individuality he gets depressed and decides to end it all...  Side two shows another side of the band with shorter compositions and less complex arrangements. A Passage To Bangkok and Something For Nothing are pure Rush classics. Twilight Zone lives up to its name and has a great atmosphere. Tears is a nice ballad and Lessons is ok but nothing more. But all in all I have to say the second side cooks just as much as the first making this the first &quot;complete&quot; Rush classic, and the album of thatyear...maybe even the decade!
6305364613|1.0|this is the most boring film ever made,during the film i got very sleepy,i could'nt understand any word in it,oh god it makes me sick.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This tale was craftfully woven, riveting, and powerful.  Although the whole plot seemed quite far-fetched at first, Miyazaki, once again, pulled off making a crazy storyline believable.  This movie was purely excellent.  Totally reccomended for otaku and non-otaku alike.
B000002GXX|4.0|the eagles were one of the best rock &amp; roll bands from the seventies and one of these nights was one in many good albums they released.the tunes are soft and relaxing and don henley's voice is perfect.most memorable songs are&quot;one of these nights&quot;,&quot;hollywood waltz&quot;,&quot;lyin eyes&quot; and &quot;after the thrill is gone&quot;. the eagles make beautiful music and you should explore their work if you havent already.
630518299X|5.0|Jim Carrey deserved every award in the book for this one. His performance bowled me over. And whenever I recommend it to people, they say &quot;I don't think I like his stuff&quot; and I always have to say &quot;No, you don't understand. This is totally different. It's not just different from his other stuff; it's different from anything you've ever seen!&quot; As many times as I've seen it, I always see something new in it. The premise is fascinating, but the way it was all put together is uncanny. I absolutely love the detail that went into the production. See this -- please. It will make you think.
B000002GVO|5.0|the album &quot;hotel california&quot;, has to be one of the best albums to come out of the seventies.without a doubt this is the best eagles album.this album is the one with the famous song,&quot;hotel california&quot;.along with that,&quot;life in the fast lane&quot;,and &quot;new kid in town&quot; were number #1 singles.one of the best songs is &quot;wasted time&quot; which is a sad song.all nine songs in this album are great.i have this album on my best albums ever list.one of the best put together albums ever. highly recommended.
B000003BF1|5.0|This is another of my personal top ten favorite album/CDs. Coming on the heels of &quot;Beggars Banquet&quot;, this set has been called one of the two most assured albums in rock history (the other was &quot;Who's Next&quot; by The Who). This recording also marked the end of Brian Jones' association with the Stones. Though his replacement, Mick Taylor, was certainly an excellent guitarist, some would argue that the band was never quite the same without Jones. He provided a versatility to the Stones arrangements that has since been unmatched.<br />This album is studded with gems. It opens with &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot;, a great Stones rocker, and ends with &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot;, another of their best-known songs. In between are the bluesy &quot;Love In Vain&quot;, a countrified version of &quot;Honky Tonk Women&quot; called &quot;Country Honk&quot;, and the fluid rock of &quot;Live With Me&quot; and &quot;Let It Bleed&quot;. There is also the studio version of &quot;Midnight Rambler&quot;, a dark piece that showcases Jagger's dramatic posturing at its most effective, and a couple of tunes that, in my opinion, are underrated. &quot;You Got The Silver&quot; is Keith at his best both playing and singing, while &quot;Monkey Man&quot; builds to a frenzy of wailing and gibbering by Mick at the end.<br />The Stones are one of the essential bands of rock and roll, and this recording, along with &quot;Beggars Banquet&quot;, find them at the peak of their game. There are, of course, several other outstanding Stones recordings, but it just doesn't get any better than this. If you own any rock music, you've got to own these.
B00000064F|5.0|A critic wrote once that Nick Drake can change your life. In this sentence I would underline the word &quot;can&quot;. It changed mine, I learned a lot from him about life and how to perceive and face the world we live in, though it's strange to say that about a person that probably, almost surely, committed suicide. Yet, it's not music for everybody. Nick teaches you how to slow down the rythm of the world, pay attention to little things, colours, sounds, trees, tiny animals... but some people find it very depressive. I find it relaxing and spiritually enriching. Personally, I do believe this is still the best music you can buy, especially if you belong to the introspective kind that sometimes stops to wonder why. He goes deep into feelings but without sticky sentimentalism, asks some questions to life but without being aridly philosophical... he was - and for us who love him, still is - a human being who went deep into life, until it became too much, and the yearning for a better further place to be too strong. I consider &quot;Bryter Layter&quot; his best album (though the choice, in his case, is really difficult): not so naked as &quot;Pink Moon&quot;, not so suffocated by crazy Bach-like arrangements as &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot; (though songs like &quot;River Man&quot; are unforgettable). He was also very innovative in his way, and you really can't tell that it's music from the beginning of the Seventies. If you have at least a crumb of sensitivity, and you are not ashamed about it, well... you simply can't miss this album!
B00003CXHJ|4.0|Overall it was a great movie.  The only problems were that submarines never fired at each other underwater (torpedoes then were designed to float), and that submarines break in half when they do get hit by torpedoes (little to no armor).  Also, the German Navy was the most civil and courteous of all the waring nations and would have never fired on a rowboat of stranded men.  Another thing was that the story was based on a British maneuver, but they did give credit to them at the end of the movie.  It was still a great movie though, and I do recomend it.
B00004XOWM|4.0|If you want something that is head banging and hardcore, go buy Significant Other. I do like Chocolate Starfish, and there are some pretty intense songs, but there are also very mellow songs, such as &quot;Hold On&quot;. I do like both Rollins, Hot Dog, Full Nelson, and My generation, and some of the slower songs. I think Limp Bizkit has really expanded on the range of styles that this album covers, going from the ballad of &quot;Hold On&quot; to the Hip-Hop version of Rollin' (Urban Assault Vechicle). I was also more impressed with the lyrics in the previous album, allthough some of the lyrics on Starfish have meaning, a lot are just catch phrases and cliche sayings. I do not have &quot;Three Doller Bill Y'all&quot;, so I can't tell you how it compares to that cd.
B000000HTO|5.0|Van Der Graaf broke up several times, but in my opinion, their best three albums came in a sequence interrupted by their first break:  'Pawn Hearts', split, get back together, 'Godbluff', 'Still Life'.<br />'Godbluff' is regrettably out of print at the moment -- a tragedy, as it is even better than this five-star album.  But this comes a close second, and indeed many feel it is their best.<br />You need to get used to Peter Hammill's vocal style, but VDGG albums always improve, the better you know them.  The line-up is slightly perverse: Hammill on vocals/piano, Banton on organ and keyboard bass, Evans excellent on drums and Jackson also excellent on saxophone.<br />The overall atmosphere of the album is at least as weird as recent Radiohead or late Talk Talk -- progressive, serious, not catchy.  The whole album is brilliant.  DJ Alan Freeman picked out 'La Rossa' as his favourite when it was released, but I like it all.<br />Peter Hammill did a solo concert at my school around the time of 'Still Life''s release, and I remember about a third of the pupils shuffled out halfway through the performance, due to sheer boredom.  Very embarrassing.  Boredom is not an emotion you will suffer listening to this album.
078322933X|5.0|I watched the movie and enjoyed it very much! With that said, I too could not find the soundtrack to this movie but do recall one song from the movie...&quot;Wild Horses&quot; by The Sundays. Hope that helps for people searching for the soundtrack.
B000009DUY|5.0|I thought that this was the most inpressive movie and soundtrack i have ever heard over a great war such as WWII. I had five grandparents that went into the war not because they needed to but because they wanted to. And this movie totally reminds me of my grandparents bravery. They didnt over due the movie with out- ragious music like some people might think a war might show but yet is showed all the emotions in settle way. Ive read letters comeing home from Omaha Beach from my grand father, and from what he described matched this movie. I love this movie and soundtrack i will treasure it forever.
B00004XONN|5.0|I've delayed sharing my comments on Kid A for a month, not knowing what I could possibly add that hasn't already been said, and said better, by another listener.  But I'm going to give it a shot. Kid A is an experience.  The first listen is an event, and every subsequent listen is an attempt to find that strangeness and newness of unheard, unique soundscapes.  The first time you hear the title track, the lyrics are not discernible.  The same can be said for much of National Anthem, HTDC, and Morning Bell... But after dozens of listens, you know exactly what Thom is saying, though it may be nothing at all.  More than any other Radiohead album, Kid A uses vocals as an instrument, keeping it out of the spotlight.   It's hard to justify saying so, but Radiohead may be the most relevant band making music today.  And frankly, after listening to Kid A, most every other record sounds boring and guitar-laden.  Maybe this is a reason not to give into the hype... Kid A will only sour everything else out there.  Sure there are other great bands, somewhere, but no one's listening.  Look into Sigur Ros's latest release.  It's the only thing I've heard this year that even stands up to Kid A... but of course nobody stateside is listening.  Do yourself a favor, buy them both.  You won't need to change the discs in your changer for months...
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is a fabulous album.  The quality of the recording is excellent and the music is minimalist but totally immersive.  It is quiet, comtemplative and yet extremely powerful.  I was blown away by the originality and freshness of the sounds.  Those who don't like this album were most likely expecting something conventional and this album is definitely not.
0684853523|5.0|On Writingis half memoir and half instruction. While I don't rush out and buy every Stephen King book, I do admire his ability to tell a story. I've loved some of his books and have been so disturbed by others I've put them down, never to pick them up again. That aside, anyone who has sold as many books as Stephen King has to have something of value to say to writers.<br />I enjoyed this book immensely and was also helped by it as I start to write fiction. Besides being a fun read, King addresses things like story versus plot, characterizations, rewrites, getting an agent and other things. There was nothing earth shattering in the book, but it did reaffirm some things I thought I knew about writing fiction. It also made me excited to continue this project of mine.<br />I admire King's willingness to share details of his past they have shaped his writing and his openess about his alcoholism. Sometimes we tend to think best selling writers are somehow different than the rest of us. King's book shows us he is as flawed as the rest of us but is also focused on his passion: writing. <br />I find most books on writing either boring, verbose or just plain lacking. This was none of the above and I recommend reading it, highlighting sections and reading them again as needed.<br />Carmen Leal, author of WriterSpeaker.com
B00004TH7Z|5.0|return triumphantly to slaughter dance music forever, along with pop and crap rap-metal, and all bad music, ever.  The mighty warriors of iron maiden and their legions of fans (incidentally, this was the first maiden album i heard and it inspired me to buy all the albums from 'iron maiden' to 'no prayer...') have returned to slaughter and triumph over the hordes of dance-power-pop-punk-rap mtv-junkies everywhere. now for the music. this album begins with their comeback single the wicker man, the first maiden song i actually heard, which rocks mightily and makes up for the x factor, virtual xi and all bad music ever made. it follows with ghost of the navigator, a mighty tune with prog inclinations which is reminiscent of rime of the ancient mariner, the mighty title track, which i heard my neighbour singing to, and blood brothers, which begins too well but is a bit long. it returns with the mercenary, sounding like the trooper and other classics, which could be seen as the inevitable victor of the mighty, holy warriors of iron maiden over the hordes of dance music which will be destroyed. It is followed by the fallen angel, which is equally mighty and could be seen as the inevitable rise of proper music after being kicked down by dance and rap-metal and punk-pop crap. this is followed by the epic of the album, the nomad, which features some keyboards and has a kind of eastern rhythm, and the mighty out of the silent planet, their second single off this album, the hardest and fastest on the album and the second single, which will hopefully storm the charts and bring down dance and pop music forever. it is brought to a mighty end with the thin line.... which combines some great thoughtful lyrics with mighty, thundering rock backing. if there is any justice in the world, this will be thew album to rid the world of dance music forever and sweep mightily with paving a trail for all heavy metal bands to come. this has to be one of only three worthwhile releases of 2000, with the qosta album and pantera's reinventing the steel. the mighty warrior and warlord, a.mack, has decreed that you will buy these albums or be deemed mentally unstable. this ius the conclusion of the review of a.mack .
B0000507UD|5.0|When I first bought this album I thought it would be more rap orientied but I was wrong. All the songs on the album are awesome. The best LB yet with great lyrics and music. It is a must have for any hardcore metal fan who doesn't mind a few mellow songs in between.
B00004T9UF|5.0|First off, I want to say that I'm a 34-year-old hip-hop head who was there to see RUN-DMC on the &quot;Fresh Fest&quot; tour (with double dutch jumpers and &quot;Poppers and Breakers&quot;) back in '85 (?). Since then, there have been countless MESSIAHS to come down the pike (2pac, PE, BDP, Eric B and Rakim, NWA) and I believe MM to be one of the best.  This is a starkly personal disc, full of what put him where he is in the first place.  Granted, its not as fun and funny as the first LP, but I think that MM has become much more than what he was when DRE discovered him.  His grasp of the language is absolutely incredible and his flow is beyond definition.  His voice, though annoying to some, provides the perfect complement to his compadres (X, DRE) and his diction is phat, considering the amount of syllables spat per-minute.  Finally, although his point of view may, at times, be controversial, at least he provides the listener with the opportunity to re-consider their morals/values. P.S. If DMX had something to say, I might like him better....
B00004XONN|5.0|I have to admit at first I wasn't to pleased with Kid A.  But everytime I listen to it , it grows on me.  I'm not sure if this is as good as Ok Computer,especialy since tracks 2 and 5 are pritty questionable.  But all and all it's a pritty spectacular cd.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is a fantastic movie if you have a big screen TV and a DTS set up. I am lucky to have a 22 year old son to set these things up for me and they sound really great with very clear shot gun shells hitting the ground and bullets bouncing off police cars, and my favorite was the helicopter chasing a truck under a freeway. The sound there was extremely real! Being able to look at how the movie was made, and the tricks used to make it all happen, will keep me busy for a long time. If you like &quot;blow 'em up&quot; movies (I do) this is perfect! The metal case is very cool too!
067144901X|5.0|We have been reading this book to my daughter since she was 4 months old.  Now at 14 months, this is her favorite book, which she asks for by name (La La).  She can make all of the animal sounds at the right times, and we get a real kick out of reading it to her.  It is much more fun than other animal sounds books from a parent's perspective since it has a nice rhyme and rhythm to it, and it has a little more interest than a simple &quot;The animal says...&quot;.  We read all the Boynton books, but at 14 months, this is by far our favorite!
B000050AM7|5.0|wow!! this cd is so awesome!! it is just as good as all the others but now they arent singing about the teenage  years anymore, they are now singin about more grown up materials.    but its just as good, its a bit calmer then the others but nevertheless its great!!!
B000002MY3|5.0|The first word that came from my mouth when I heard this album was &quot;Wow&quot;. Alanis really put all of her emotions and her feelings into this album. The best song on the album is the song that is not listed in the album sleeve (it is at the very end of the CD)!!
0399146253|2.0|What a disappointment. Over the course of the Scarpetta novels we seem to have gone past exciting novelty, through comfortable  predictability and become locked on a single case book after book. The raison d'etre for this book seems only to be to lay some kind of foundation for the next.<br />... she looked into her top quality Italian stainless steel saucepan and saw the remains of last year's chicken soup. Some of the ingredients, which looked so tasty when she had bought them, appeared to be going bad in the pan. Maybe they had been bad on the inside all the time. She looked ... she stirred ... she added a couple of new vegetables but no matter how much she stirred ... it remained ... last year's chicken soup.<br />I think KS is spending too much tme in the kitchen - she even seems to overlook obvious forensic evidence that could help the case which underpinned the novel.
B00004XONN|5.0|can there remain any doubt? radiohead is simply the most important band/group/artist in the world today. i say this for a variety of reasons, all of which are readily apparent on kid a. first, they're willing to challenge themselves and (perhaps more importantly) their listeners. this despite the both critical and commerical success enjoyed by their previous albums. second, they know how to challenge themselves without producing music that sacrifices quality. the point is: its not change simply for the sake of change; instead, its change because its necessary and because it allows the band to grow and produce better work. having said that, kid a is quite simply an album unlike any other. to debate whether it is better than ok computer or not is to miss the point entirely. it might sound trite, but its just different. it is not a response to ok computer, in either direction (more or less complicated, etc). i also would disagree with people who claim that it is difficult to listen to. the difficulty is that listeners, especially radiohead fans, bring preconceptions with them when they listen to the album for the first time. it has to be heard several times before one can even begin to understand it at all. if you're a radiohead fan, listen to it the first two times just to get it through your head that you are not listening to the follow-up to ok computer. then listen to it again to simply enjoy innovative, honest music. if you're not, listen to it and don't try to compare them to bands you've heard before, just listen. the beauty of the album is that you don't have to like it, it presents itself and doesn't try to force you to like it or to give it acclaim. it is a piece of music that stands as an unpretentious advance--a rarity, to be sure. are radiohead the saviors of music? who knows. i for one, don't care. they are making amazing, breathtaking music regardless of what the rest of the world is playing or thinks about them. there is plenty of good music out there,you just have to look for it. radiohead is just that band that every generation has that forces every other band to respond to every album it puts out in some way.
B00004Z459|5.0|The first time I had heard One Step Closer, I was amazed.  My brother had received a demo tape from them and I fell in love with the music instantly.  I had downloaded various songs off of the album and had loved every one of them.  So the day the album came out, I went out and bought it.  I listened to the whole CD and absolutely loved it!  There is not a bad song on it and the best part is no one song sounds the same!  The two lead singers both have awesome voices and sound great together!  This is definitely the best CD that I own and they are now my new favorite band!
B00003CX59|5.0|Absolutely brilliant! I know I wanted to see this movie as soon as I heard of it and I was not dissapointed. Along with the Blair With Project, this is definitely my favorite Nineties-Horror movie ( I don't care what Jennifer Hewitt did on any Summer since 1564! ). This one has it all : So much Gothic that it screams for a Cradle of Filth Soundtrack, a great Romance that makes Titanic look really pale ( it's awful anyway ), it has Johnny Depp ( a great actor indeed ), tons of gloomy and atmospheric Photography, it's more fun than watching Ricky Martin break both legs, and last but not least, it has a headless Horseman who isn't too happy about his headlessness. It looks like a revival of some Hammerfilm and if there was a better time and place for a Hammerfilm revival than this, I don't know! After all, Scream was just another Teen-movie, I mean I would date somebody I just met for Scream. For Sleepy Hollow I would date someone who I truely like. Because it has more style... Think what you will, I would recommend this movie to everyone and I'm gonna call on some headless Horsemen if it isn't under my Christmas Tree next time!
B000006TRV|5.0|When I was first introduced to Pink Floyd, I was only thirteen years old, and I thought it was horrible.  As I have grown and matured, I started to appreciate Pink Floyd.  For those of you being introduced to Floyd, this album is perfect.  Although the two discs may seem like alot to be introduced to, I think it is a perfect choice.  It has the required amount of Floyd experimentation for you to begin understanding where they are coming from, while at the same time it has great lyrics and vocals.  I think that this album should be in everyone's collection, because it is a masterpiece.  The perfect album for the Floyd beginner.
0553106635|5.0|A Storm of Swords is simply amazing.  There are so many plot twists, devious schemes, and mind games that it boggles the mind.  GRRM keeps the reader in suspense the whole book.  It may be 1000+ pages, but after reading ASOS, you'll wish it was 2000. If you don't like A Song of Ice and Fire, something is wrong with you.
B000003Z12|5.0|I reviewed this CD over a year ago. I purchased it 4 years ago. 'Beyond The Thunder' remains my favorite all-time CD. Neil Schon's music is timeless. It actually gets better the more you listen to it. And it's GREAT the first time through ! Vocals would actually detract from his mastery here. And, THAT is the &quot;litmus test&quot; of a pure musician. Neil Schon was truly born to play the guitar.No one communicates via the guitar better. It's almost impossible to listen to this music and not be effected deep inside. It's music to reflect on as well as bringing light to tomorrow.If I could have but one CD, THIS would be it!
B00004Z459|5.0|I saw these guys live, and they are way kool.  They are down to earth, and seem to know what is going down.  The band Linkin Park was actually Hybrid Theory but there was some copyright infringement or something so they had to change it, thus the CD title.  With songs like &quot;One Step Closer&quot; this cd is a no brainer for a perfect CD to buy.  If you like Linkin Park then check out (Hed)PE, (maybe)Limp Bizkit and Downset.  Also, if you can see these guys in concert with the Kottonmouth Kings (YA!)then do it! No questions asked alright? Enjoy guys
B00004T37H|5.0|Princess Mononoke is one of those movies that you don't forget. The wonderful and deep story is something to think about for years to come. The soundtrack is great and the whole movie is brillinat.
6302969352|5.0|This is possibly, if not THE best movie done by the master of Samurai Movies, Akira Kurosawa. Combined with the amazing talent of Toshiro Mifune, Akira Kurosawa pulls this movie off and did it so well that it can be enjoyed by just about anyone. In my opinion, this is the best Samurai Movie in existence to this day!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|I didn't think Christina could top Mi Reflejo, her Spanish CD, but this CD definitely does. Her voice is so unbelieveably beautiful, that her renditions of holiday classics are chilling. She even brings some youth and funk to the table with her new dancy additions to the mix. &quot;Christmas Time,&quot; the first track, is catchy as hell, and even features a holiday rap (get it? holiday wrap :)<br />My only complain, if any, is that she is starting to overdo the vocal acrobatics. Although I thoroughly enjoy this disc, by the end, I'm almost tired. <br />All in all, it's a welcome addition to my Christmas collection.
B00004XOWM|4.0|All hope for Limp Bizkit was lost once Significant Other was released or so I thought.  They had turned to the dark side and had become &quot;sold out&quot;.  Well with Chocolate Starfish they return to their rap core/hard rock roots.  My favorite tracks on the CD as of now are &quot;My Generation&quot; and &quot;Rollin&quot; which are radio friendly and I am sure we will hear them in the near future.  In my opinion 3 Dollar Bill Yall was their best CD and everyone should check out that CD if they like this one.  Significant Other is not as good as the other two so get that one last if possible. Enjoy
0060926317|5.0|I'd enjoyed reading Bill Bryson's book on travelling downunderand thought this would be further information for me so I borrowed thetapes from the library. From the start I thought oh no its an Americantelling us how to treat our native people and a dyed blonde at that!Must be on a guilt trip after seeing how the USA had decimated itsIndians. How could she turn up in heels and a suit - hadn't shewatched Crocodile Dundee - what did she think Darwin would be like?But gradually as I listened to her story unfold my cynicism abated and Iwas seduced by her wonderful odessey. I had suspected the Aborigineswere an innocent people but Marlo portrayed them as something akin toBuddists or Hindus in their 'live and let live' phillosophy. They'reso different to those we observe in the cities who appear so confusedand despondent. Perhaps if more of these people were made aware ofthis novel they would realise they do have a purpose in this life.Its true as Marlo said - the Aborigines have existed on this continentfor thousands of years without destroying it, yet we have only beenhere barely 200 years and already caused nimagined damage. This is agreat book for the year of reconciliation - its a pity it took someonefrom another country to bring it to our attention in this way. I wantto recommend this to everyone I know I want to read Marlo's next novelnow!
B00004YKUX|5.0|Ol' J.R. ridin' high after two years since he published a great live album with Willie Nelson. This one is simply a must-hear and probably his best album to date. Renditions of Petty's I Won't Back Down, U2's own One, old Satchmo's and Ray's weeper Lucky Old Sun and a handful of his own songs including a new version of previous-recorded Country Trash (from Any Old Wind That Blows album). J.R.'s just found out that he don't have a Shy-Drager (it was a mis-diagnosys) and he's here singin' to us as healthy as he can be. Run and buy it!
B000002W9Q|3.0|Personally, I thought that Jennifer Grey did a better job in Ferris Bueller, but what the hell, my girlfriend likes it, so I tolerate it. I just wish that Cris Farley would have made a cameo and done his Chippendales dance with Patrick (He's Soooo dreamy!)
B00004YKUX|5.0|Once again, Johnny Cash shows why there is only one &quot;Cash.&quot;  Accompanied by simple acoutic instrumentation, Cash takes us on a journey through terror, sadness, redemption, and even laughter.  This CD is dark and ominous, yet spiritual and uplifting at the same time.  Some songs, like The Mercy Seat and I See A Darkness pull at our deepest fears, while others, like Wayfaring Stranger and That Lucky Old Sun give inspiration, while Nobody makes us laugh.  The opening song, I Won't Back Down, written by Tom Petty (and he sings harmony with Cash on it) is literally a testament to Cash's determination and outlook on life:  &quot;You can stand me up at the Gates of Hell, but I won't back down.&quot;  All the songs are superb, and they make you think.  You don't just sing along with Cash, you think about what he is saying.  Why the &quot;new country&quot; genre abandoned Cash is beyond understanding.  He's original, he's real, he has integrity and respect, he's an icon, a national treasure, known all over the world, and sometimes he's controversial-------maybe he's a little bit more than &quot;new country&quot; can deal with as it promotes images of people who really don't exist.  You will love this CD.  This is Cash at his best.
B00004YRQA|5.0|The other reviews here are confusing so let me set it straight.  You can use your PS1 memory cards in the PS2.  You can only use the PS1 memory cards to save PS1 games that you are playing in your PS2.  You can't save any PS2 game data to a PS1 memory card.  <br />Now, on to the card itself.  It's quick loading/saving and Sony isn't going to [take advantage of] you like Sega does with their VMU's.  Saying that it holds 200 blocks of memory then you get NFL2k1 and to save a game takes up 190 blocks.  Well, looks like you won't be saving anything else on that card.  Not the case with the PS2 Cards.  Madden 2001 only takes up around 300k of save space.  Of course future games could take up more, but I don't think we'll ever see a season save in Madden taking up 7 megabytes.  :)
B000002H97|3.0|I am one of many who believe that Metallica simply lost it after Burton died.  Their songs lost that epic feel (not so much in terms of length) and this album was the second step.  The first step which showed Metallica's limitations without Burton was justice and how every song sounded so much alike.  In addition their was NO and I mean NO bass on that album leading to the songs sounding similar.  Load and RE-load proved Metallica was through.  People have to understand that 3 good albums is an accomplishment in itself.  Metallica has been living off of the rep of it's first three albums for 14 years now, wake up people.  It's a thought of mine as to how Metallica would have progressed and what material they would of produced if Mustaine and Burton were still in the lineup; without a doubt far superior to this alubm and the loads....
B000003TAL|3.0|I've never understood how this came to be deified as the best Sonic Youth album. It's a classic case of double-album sprawl, with too much filler and too much empty repetitive riffing. Several of the tracks are quite good, but even these don't manage to equal the high points of, say, &quot;Schizophrenia&quot; or &quot;Kotton Krown&quot; from &quot;Sister&quot;; much less the exalted level of what I consider SY's true masterpieces, the earlier &quot;EVOL&quot; and &quot;Bad Moon Rising&quot;. It may be that the earlier stuff was too abrasive and unconventional to win the votes, but to me those are still the real Sonic Youth albums.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Being a Limp Bizkit fan, I am surprised to say that this album isn't as interesting to listen to as their previous album.  &quot;Rollin'&quot; is full of energy, but the lyrics just doesn't hit me in the heart as well as many of their previous songs.  &quot;getcha groove on&quot; is has that tune to keep you repeating it over and over in your mind.  I enjoyed &quot;my generation&quot; the most.  Over all it is a fantastic CD to listen to, especially for Limp Bizkit fans.  I play this CD every night before I go to sleep, soothing to the soul.  =)
B00003ETJQ|3.0|Baraka is a wonderful, entrancing movie, full of rich images which hold your attention. A friend (who had not seen the movie) said: &quot;You just can't take your eyes away, can you?&quot; That being said, I thought the DVD image transfer was not much better than the VHS version and the promised &quot;letterbox version&quot; was a lie - you only get the 4:3 version. The sound is Dolby Digital - excellent!  The movie gets an A+; the DVD gets a C.
0399146253|4.0|I am an ardent follower of Patricia Cornwell's Kay Scarpetta series.  I admit that, in addition to the plot and characterizations, one of my favorite items has always been Cornwell's distinctive writing style - that is, her overuse of such adjectives as &quot;big&quot;, &quot;bad,&quot; and &quot;good&quot; to promote the simplistic morality so common in her earlier works.  &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; was a definite change.<br />I read only a few paragraphs before I wondered, &quot;Did Patricia Cornwell hire someone to write this for her?&quot;  Or else perhaps she simply got an editor with some measure of literary ability.  Complex sentence structure makes its first appearance in a Cornwell novel, and &quot;big words&quot; - rather than being peppered sporadically for the purpose of show - are integrated throughout the text for a much more holistic effect.  <br />This is not inappropriate to the novel, as it deals with much more &quot;complex&quot; issues than the good-vs.-evil standard that characterized &quot;Postmortem&quot; through &quot;Point of Origin.&quot;  Cornwell is telling a different type of story here, one rife with introspection and linguistic merit.  Characterizations are practically rewritten through psychotherapeutic revelation - and no character escapes this shadowing effect.  Lucy, Marino, Kay, and Benton - yes, the dead, ever-perfect Benton - are all revealed to be flawed.  <br />Such characterization parallels a murky plot, one which, like Kay's conversations with Dr. Zenner (a character who has been too long absent), rewrites past events.  Though the plot takes a bit to get going, once it does so, the book is difficult to put down.  <br />Similarly, this book ties up some nice loose ends.  In discussing &quot;Black Notice&quot; with another Scarpetta fan (the woman who recommended me to the series, in fact), we both expressed our disgust at the alphabetical coupling that occurred in that novel - that is, Jay and Kay's tryst.  Fortunately, this bit of unpleasantness is turned into an excellent literary device.<br />On the whole, &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; rectifies the mistakes of &quot;Black Notice&quot; and promises changes in the following works.  It stands as a definite departure from Cornwell's previous works - but this departure is coincident with a literary growth which must be applauded.  The few times &quot;bad&quot; was employed as an adjective, it stood out in stark contrast to the otherwise exceptional (for Cornwell) writing.  <br />Although, if Cornwell wouldn't spend so much time leafing through the damn thesaurus, she might be able to get the next installment out faster ;)
B00004VXF2|5.0|How can you not love MMM?<br />Some things you can do with it: 1. Clear out a party that's overstayed its welcome. 2. Conduct psychological operations against entrenched Third World dictators. 3. Impress all your friends by showing off a stratospheric pain threshold. 4. Rock HARD!<br />MMM is like the ur-record, the under-record, the pre-record of rock. It's the final crystallization  of anything you like about Einsturzende Neubauten, the Beach Boys, early Sonic Youth, the Jesus and  Marychain, Christina Aguilera, Skinny Puppy and NSync. It's all there, kind of. You just have to have ears for it.<br />I myself am listening to it *right now*, as I code my Web site. MMM, for MM and forever!
0552137030|5.0|This book is really clever.  It balances the different plots and characters very effectively, has some brilliantly funny parts, and yet makes you think.  It does make fun of religion but not in a totally out of order way, the outcome of Armageddon makes sense without being disappointed.  The humour also arises without being forced and I can't stop rereading the book.
B00004XOWM|1.0|I saw Limp Bizkit on MTV one time and my friend said that Limp Bizkit was cool, so I went out and bought this cd and a Limp Bizkit T-shirt, now I can hang with all the cool kids in school because now Im cool too.  Now I get to sit in the back of the bus and smoke in the bathroom with my homies because I listen to Limp Bizkit.
B000021XS0|3.0|Dream Theater is without question the most brilliant, talented prog-metal band today, but their lyrics have always been their Achilles' Heel.  Rush and Queensryche always managed to make an intelligent point with their &quot;concepts,&quot; which is to say that they were always interesting -- and &quot;2112&quot; is great first-thing-in-the-morning workout music -- but Dream Theater doesn't seem to be up to the task.  The concept behind &quot;Scenes from a Memory&quot; is self-tortured drivel, and the music often descends into the syrupy-sweet.  Whatever that is, it is most definitely NOT rock.<br />The story begins with a man in his &quot;therapist's&quot; office, being hypnotized so that he will remember a past life, circa 1928.  In this past life, he was a beautiful young lady who was murdered by &quot;The Miracle&quot; (apparently a Senator) in a fit of jealous if-I-can't-have-her-noone-will rage over her relationship with his brother, &quot;The Sleeper.&quot;  Are you tracking this?  Me either.  So the story goes, as he recalls the whole story of the murder, and so learns about himself.(?!)  If, like me, you have always liked Portnoy's (and Myung's) lyrics much better than Petrucci's, there is no relief here.  Portnoy does try to &quot;save&quot; the concept a bit, but fails; he's to busy recalling lyrics AND MUSICAL PROGRESSIONS from Metropolis Part 1 to ever really come up with a lyrical antidote.  That's right: Much of &quot;Metropolis Part I&quot; gets replayed on this album, as echoes and piano music behind the main melody.  You payed for many of those notes already, when you bought &quot;Images and Words,&quot; but &quot;Scenes from a Memory&quot; is still full price.  Oh, well.<br />All that being said, I still rate this album a &quot;three.&quot;  Dream Theater -- silly concept, pointless wanking, and all (Note to Band: There is a difference between &quot;self-indulgence&quot; and &quot;wankfest&quot;) -- is still Dream Theater, which is to say that they are musically brilliant and clearly intelligent, and there are moments on this album where I just have to pull the car over in order to take in what these guys are doing (double-kicking on the accelerator and the brake are not a good idea during rush hour).  Petrucci's wah-wah pedal trick on &quot;Home&quot; made my jaw drop the first time I heard it, and parts of &quot;Fatal Tragedy&quot; and &quot;Dance of Eternity&quot; are classic DT -- and by the way, all three songs were even better live!  Minor changes in the mix, I think.<br />I only recommend that, in the future, Petrucci and Rudess not be left alone to conspire on music that is most definitely NOT rock, and that the next time Petrucci gets one of his &quot;ideas,&quot; Portnoy should buy him a Jagermeister and tell him to get over it.
B00004XONN|5.0|I'm a big Radiohead fan, and greatly anticipated the release of KID A. And I thought OK COMPUTER was something else (it still is!) but, KID A once again proves that RADIOHEAD can mop up the music industry's preconcieved hit-makers of teeny-bopper pop and mainstream music. <br />RADIOHEAD is far from that group. They will be in another class all together! I would emblazen in golden lettering on every music store aisle that RADIOHEAD is the Pink Floyd/THE BAND of the Computer Age. One of the most talented and original bands out there!<br />KID A atests to their originality, talent, artistic merit, style, and music. <br />And when they say that KID A cannot be described, I to fall short of words to describe it. KID A is music that becomes you. It must be experienced.
0385472951|1.0|This was a disappointing book with far too many elements in commonwith his previous lightweight entertainments:<br />1.  Young new partnerin a law firm in the south 2.  Corruption within the firm involvingbig money 3.  Young lawyer just incredibly clever, thinks of (almost)everything in advance 4.  Young lawyer makes off with a ton ofmoney... 5.  Escape to Latin America 6.  Sailboat 7.  Transfer offunds via wire to various off-shore banks<br /> The last feature inparticular is interesting.  Grisham has used the wire-transfer idea sooften that it is beginning to look like some sort of obsession.  Thesame is somewhat true of escapes to the Caribbean or Latin Americawith gobs of money.<br /> Anyway, this is a simplistic pot-boiler withnot much suspense or risk to the hero (other than being almosttortured to death early in the book).  The ending is strange,unexplained, and unsatisfying.  END
B00003CXCK|5.0|The horror of what the Nazi's did during World War II leaves us wondering how any group of citizens could ally themselves with such attrocity.  It makes us wonder what we would have done if we had been there.  It shows up the darkest parts of human capability.  That said, Schindler's List is NOT about the Holocaust.  It's about a greedy, instinct-driven Nazi, who becomes a true human being, only after having the truth forced down his throat again and again to the point that he can no longer deny it.  It's a simple, yet effective film, in which Speilberg mixes all his veteran cinematic skills, without being afraid to take independant risks (black &amp; white, girl with the red coat, etc...).  If you watched this film once, and were depressed by it, please watch it again.  It's a triumph of humanity for anyone who is willing to wade through darkness to see the light.  Granted, the Holocaust is an important part of the film, however in my opinion it's not the main theme, as evidenced by the fact that the hero is a Nazi and not a Jew (in film directed by Speilberg who is Jewish).  The film is more of a lesson, then an attempt at depicting the absolute truth of what happend, and for this Speilberg has taken some undue criticism.  Schindler's List is a wonderfully brave, and hopeful piece of cinema that should be appreciated by all.
0684853523|5.0|I'm not a fan of Stephen King's books, but I respect the experience of any seasoned writer. King offers sound advice for how to get started and offers guidelines to protect you in the publishing world. I took particular pleasure in several personal details of his life for the way it mirrored my own frustration. Moreover, we shared the same philosophy that all literature, good and bad, can impart valuable lessons. Readers are warned that while he can help make a competent writer better - there is no hope for those that can't write well, and don't read. I don't know why this isn't required reading at the high school level.
B00004ZB9D|1.0|Let Love Rule is one of the BEST albums of all time.  Mama Said is another wonderful album.  I do not consider this to be an accurate representation of Kravitz's finest work.  It's a money grubbing act of poorly chosen top 40 radio hits.  I have lost all respect for this artist.  If you want to hear Lenny's grestest hits, buy his first album.  It is truly a work of art.
B00004Y635|2.0|The first Scream was very good, the second was not bad, but this third one is really stupid. Sequels really suck, and no rules are broken here. Here Neve Campbell is NOT the main character, but Arquette and Cox Arquette. It's another round of brutal and bloody terror with slashing and killing. It's somewhat predictable and a little boring. I really hope there's not going to be a fourth Scream; one was enough. All in all, if you like horror, I guess you would like this one, but there's no solid plot behind.
B00004Y6NU|4.0|&quot;Love Over Gold&quot; is my no.1 dire straits album. Why?<br />1. &quot;making movies&quot; and &quot;brothers in arms&quot; are good albums, but patchy at best. &quot;love over gold&quot; makes the most over merely 5 epic tracks.<br />2.&quot;telegraph road&quot; is highly poignant with a striking narrative. it's intriguing as it's ambitious, and is still the most interesting 10+ minute song in my books.<br />3. the other tracks are good esp. &quot;private investigations&quot; and the title track, but they still stand out from the mostly pedestrian dire straits catalogue.<br />4. &quot;love over gold&quot; still sounds great when you're sober. i find much of &quot;brothers in arms&quot; is enjoyable after three stolis, and it takes a few VBs to enjoy &quot;making movies&quot; from 'skateaway' on.<br />if you want to know where it's at for DS, buy this. NOW.
B00003CXGP|4.0|No doubt about it, Mary Harrion's \\"American Psycho\\" is definitely not for every taste and audience demographic.  The good news is, perhaps, that the film is nowhere near as gruesome and gory as both its subject matter and its controversial nature would lead one to believe.  In fact, its tone of ironic comic detachment helps to de-emphasize the more sordid aspects of the material and to instead highlight the film's bitingly satiric message.<br />Set in the mid-1980's, \\"American Psycho\\" casts a scathing eye on the then-brand new, up-and-coming group of 20-something executives known as \\"yuppies.\\"  Patrick Bateman, the psycho of the title, is a man who literally seems to have everything - stunning good looks, a fantastic physique, a beautiful fianc&eacute;, a diploma from Harvard and a successful career as a Wall Street executive.  Yet, alone of the young men with whom he consorts, Patrick flatly admits to us in voice-over narration that he is literally an empty-suit - that his perfectly maintained outer appearance, seemingly well-ordered social routine and empty, superficial personal relationships merely mask the moral emptiness that lurks at the core of his soul.  Much of the complexity of Patrick's character comes from the fact that he seems, paradoxically, to be both obsessed with the idea of conforming to the values of the world he lives in, and, at the same time, being strangely conscious of their unreality and meaninglessness.  Thus, we see him becoming almost emotionally unglued because he fears he will not be able to reserve the proper table at a posh upscale restaurant or because he feels that one of his corporate buddies has a more impressive looking business card than he does.  Much of Patrick's madness has its roots in the kind of obsessive-compulsive paranoia that arises from the modern insistence that life should and, indeed, can be converted into a perfect, problem-free existence if one just has enough money and a sufficient amount of the right \\"stuff\\" to make it that way.  Frankly admitting that he feels no emotional attachment to any other human beings, Patrick is thereby free to channel his madness into its ultimate anti-social, taboo-shattering shape and form: serial killing.  Thus, as days turn to nights, Patrick begins to rack up his victims and potential victims - a homeless man, assorted prostitutes, an ex-girlfriend, an unctuous business associate, even some policemen who get wise to his activities later in the film.<br />Luckily for the squeamish among us, far more of the film's running time is devoted to a comic rather than thriller mode.  The brittle, dryly humorous Mary Harrion/Guinevere Turner screenplay mines the corporate world milieu and the twisted rantings of a values-free mind for all their black comedy potential.  Christian Bale brings a remarkable subtlety to a touchy role, managing to seem coolly alluring, chillingly detached, touchingly pathetic and wryly amusing all at the same time.  Special credit should go to the stark, almost antiseptic look the filmmakers achieve through the art direction and set design, a look that matches in visual terms the moral and emotional emptiness of the characters and their world.<br />Much was made of the anti-woman tone of the novel at the time of its initial release. Perhaps because the writers and the director are themselves women, the movie seems to have toned down that aspect quite a bit.  Indeed, as in a movie like \\"In the Company of Men,\\" we find ourselves not so much appalled as sadly bemused by the vehemently anti-women comments uttered by Patrick and his cronies because we see what shallow losers these men really are.  Harrion and Turner obviously know whereof they speak.<br />To reiterate, \\"American Psycho\\" may not be everyone's cup of cinematic tea, but those looking for a sharp little satire of modern American life will find some definite rewards.ke it that way.  Frankly admitting that he feels no emotional attachment to any other human beings, Patrick is thereby free to channel his madness into its ultimate anti-social, taboo-shattering shape and form: serial killing.  Thus, as days turn to nights, Patrick begins to rack up his victims and potential victims - a homeless man, assorted prostitutes, an ex-girlfriend, an unctuous business associate, even some policemen who get wise to his activities later in the film.  <br />Luckily for the squeamish among us, far more of the film's running time is devoted to a comic rather than thriller mode.  The brittle, dryly humorous Mary Harrion/Guinevere Turner screenplay mines the corporate world milieu and the twisted rantings of a values-free mind for all their black comedy potential.  Christian Bale brings a remarkable subtlety to a touchy role, managing to seem coolly alluring, chillingly detached, touchingly pathetic and wryly amusing all at the same time.   Special credit should go to the stark, almost antiseptic look the filmmakers achieve through the art direction and set design, a look that matches in visual terms the moral and emotional emptiness of the characters and their world.  <br />Much was made of the anti-woman tone of the novel at the time of its initial release. Perhaps because the writers and the director are themselves women, the movie seems to have toned down that aspect quite a bit.  Indeed, as in a movie like \\"In the Company of Men,\\" we find ourselves not so much appalled as sadly bemused by the vehemently anti-women comments uttered by Patrick and his cronies because we see what shallow losers these men really are.  Harrion and Turner obviously know whereof they speak.<br />To reiterate, \\"American Psycho\\" may not be everyone's cup of cinematic tea, but those looking for a sharp little satire of modern American life will find some definite rewards.
014100018X|5.0|If you're caught in a bit of twix, with nothing to read, then may I suggest this excellent bounty? It is produced, not by Mars of Slough, but Joanne Harris of Barnsley, a chef who excels in the art of couverture chocolate. Step into her boutique, 'La Celeste Praline', and you'll be caught unawares by her classy wares. Chocolat is a novel of great sweetness, perfect for those who like their confictionary to be well milked. For readers with richer palates, however, Harris has also produced an intoxicating blend of dark chocolate, which is - dare we say it - extremely 'topic'al. If you're looking for a few delightful snickers, and not a lengthy marathon, then this is the novel for you. It's certainly richer and more exquisite than the most popular currency of chocolate bars.<br />Vianne Rocher arrives in the French village of Lansquenet during its carnival, a feast before the fast of Lent. With her is daughter Anouk (who seems to be named after a chocolate treat), and Anouk's companion, the mysterious Pantoufle. Joanne Harris tends to write a lot about alchemy in connection with cooking (see her excellent new novel, 'Blackberry Wine'), but Vianne Rocher would seem to have more than culinary skills at her disposal... This is especially apparent, though, in her delicious meeting with Armande Voizin, to which there is more than meets the eye. 'Pantoufle' refers to Charles Perrault's fairy tale of Cinderella, and as such, could be a subtle hint as to Vianne's true identity... It would seem appropriate here to compare Harris' work with that of Kate Atkinson, especially with regards to her new book, Emotionally Weird. Atkinson says that she has been trying to write a fiction with all the richness of Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland. But it seems to me that Joanne Harris is more adept at writing fairy tales - her characterisation is stronger, certainly. Whilst Atkinson plays with words, Harris plays with thoughts and emotions. Chocolat is full of magic and fairy tales, from the realisation of a true Gingerbread house, to Vianne's use of Pagan cards and charms.<br />It is holy appropriate then, that the conflict and drama within this novel stems from the masculine Church's opposition to Vianne Rocher and her culinary work. It even seems that that Joanne Harris could be engaging on a narrative in which God the Father and Mother Earth are the main combatants, featuring their eternal struggle as man and wife. Father Reynaud is the country priest who sees danger in Vianne's shop, and the novel is narrated in the first person by both of these antagonists. Reynaud relates his tale to the mysterious pere, whilst Vianne muses greatly on her long lost mother, with both 'parent' appearing to be flawed in some way. However, this struggle between the masculine and the feminine does not become too abstract, since Josephine Muscat has to bear the bruises in her role as battered wife. Chocolat has its fair share of romance, but also contains a swift punch of brutal reality.<br />Like Blackberry Wine, Joanne Harris has decided to serve some home truths, along with the after dinner mints. The novel deals with thorny issue of immigration, currently a hot potato in Britain, and the problems of a population which is growing ever older. The Pope's recent apologies for the crimes of Roman Catholicism also resound within. These issues may be set in the exotic French countryside, but they still have relevance to us. Okay, so the richness of the carnivalesque and the mystique of magic realism have been added to the mixture, but their presence only serves to add depth, and never confusion. Vianne has a reluctance to see her fate in the stars, but this novel has won near universal admiration and is soon to be made into a film. It's a fiction which works on so many different layers, but like a particularly rich cake, there is something within it for everyone. The author uses simple words in her prose, but the combination of these coarse ingredients is explosive.Harris certainly knows how to play on our heartstrings, to make us feel for her characters.<br />Current medical advice would certainly indicate that Chocolat could play a powerful part in reducing stress and lowering cholesterol. It's potent mixture: a benign, yet provoking stimulant which melts on the tongue. As for its aphrodisiac qualities, well, I can hardly say... But the only disappointment to be had from Chocolat is that it has to end.Harris certainly knows how to play on our heartstrings, to make us feel for her characters.<br />Current medical advice would certainly indicate that Chocolat could play a powerful part in reducing stress and lowering cholesterol. It's potent mixture: a benign, yet provoking stimulant which melts on the tongue. As for its aphrodisiac qualities, well, I can hardly say... But the only disappointment to be had from Chocolat is that it has to end.
6304044836|5.0|As much as I enjoy the 1954 original, the 1995 remake was a surprisingly good romantic comedy sleeper.  Both films are great in their own right, for different reasons.  Harrison Ford who at first seems like a fish out of water because of all the macho rolls we're accustomed to seeing him portrait, actually pulls off playing the billionaire geek, Linus Larrabee.  Which is a true credit to his acting skills.  Julia Ormond is wonderful as Sabrina, and so was Audrey.  Both were very convincing in the role of Sabrina as being vulnerable and having good character strength.  And it's close, but Greg Kinnear may have been even more of a rogue/devil may care, David Larrabee.  Where this film gets better is the addition of all the great romantic music, and the beautiful scenes of Paris.  Using the two French stars Fanny Ardant &amp; Patrick Bruel was also a nice touch.  I could go on and on, but suffice it to say that, everyone who had a role in this movie played their character to a tee.  If you enjoy romantic comedies, and/or love Paris, as I do both, then this film is not to be missed.  The only complaint I have, is that when my wife bought the music CD, the French song that is being played in the movie right after the disco scene &quot;dancing with Louis&quot; where she pins a pamphlet on her bulletin board, is not on the CD.  How could they make such an egregious mistake.  My other problem is, when in the heck is the DVD going to come out.<br />For those of you who will be traveling to Paris and want to visit one of the most beautiful scenes in the movie.  Where she writes her last letter home to her Father.  That's in Montmartre, just East of Sacre Coeur, down the escalliers (stairs).  Don't get your hopes too high, the cafe isn't there, just the yellow awning is all that remained when we were there.  It was probably just a prop set up for the one scene in the movie.  The romantic tete e tete with Julia and Harrison, 13 Rue de Beaux Arts, didn't look quite the same as in the movie, I think.  The one location we didn't find is the little square with the fountain, where Julia and Fanny met and talked. I suspect it's in the Latin Quarter, does anybody out there know?  If you do, write a review and comment.
B000002552|5.0|If you don't have it, buy it.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Never in my life have I seen a movie so spectacular than this one.  No other movie comes even close to Princess Mononoke.  If you watch the movie you will get enchanted by it. The great viual effect will astound you.  I would recomend anybody to see this movie.
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty along with Magnolia(which one I haven't decided yet) are the best movies of 1999 and nothing has bettered either one in 2000(Gladiator came close). I don't understand why anyone could not like this movie unless they didn't understand or it was just too good for their tastes. Every single award it recieved was deserved. I can see why it was on over 275 top 10 list and was named Best Picture of the year by over 65 critics. The movie is mainly a drama though there are many possibly unintentional laughs in store. Kevin Spacey stars as a sexually frustrated man named Lester Burnham who has fallen in love with his daughters &quot;best friend&quot; Angela and decides to pursue losing weight and &quot;looking good naked&quot; to be with her. From that point he decides to flip his life around and do whatever he wants-smoke pot, quit his job, work at a fast food restaurant, and get his favorite car. Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Mena Suvari and Wes Bentley make the screen shine too , but Kevin Spacey's performance will blow anyone away. Great commentary on the and behind-the-scenes look. See this, rent this, BUY THIS! You'll watch it over and over...and over again. Guaranteed!<br />NOTE:If you didn't understand this movie, please watch it again or ask someone -OR- LOOK CLOSER. Thank you!
B00004YRQA|5.0|- A memory card is a 'MUST HAVE' for the PS2. I mean what's the point of playing a game without able to save where you left off. Without the memory card, you'll have to restart the game every time you restart the system, which will be really frustrating after a while. So my advice is to buy a memory card once you have the PS2.
B00000J2KT|4.0|Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket is a very good movie,but I like others on the subject of Vietnam better.It follows a group of Marine Corps recruits from boot camp to the war in Vietnam.I thought the boot camp sequence was outstanding.Gunnery Sageant Hartman is an unforgettable character,(every time I see R.Lee Ermey in a movie I'm reminded of him)probably the best drill instructor ever in a movie.The rest of the cast was very good,as well,especially Vincent D'Onofrio as Gomer Pyle,and Matthew Modine as Joker.After boot camp the movie shifts to Vietnam,where the action is seen mostly through Joker's eyes.The movie show's some of the horrors of war,but not as well as other Vietnam films such as Platoon and Hamburger Hill.(of course that's just my opinion,you may disagree)I've read that the movie was shot entirely on soundstages in England,rather than on location,and it looks incredible.Overall,while not my favorite movie about Vietnam,it is a very good film.
B000002NZO|5.0|Hi,<br />I recently started trimming down my CD collection. Getting rid of the ones I rarely listen to. I always listen to all the albums /CD's I'm about to get rid of just in case. Tresspass is a Genesis album I had for a long time but didn't really know. I'm glad I did listen because this is a must for early Genesis fan. All of the songs are excellent. It's more consistenly good than Nursery Cryme.<br />moonman
0345428064|5.0|This book was great.  I could not put it down.  He had me in suspense the whole way through, making it seem like he was never going to get out of his situation.  He works your emotions, from describing those terrible murders, to finding out his best friend had deceived him.  This is a must read.
6305903182|1.0|Hopefully the last film in one of the worst horror trilogys ever made. This series pretty much ruined the horror film for years to come, for one its too self aware, thats incredibley annoying, second everyone acts like they are on Friends or some sitcom. The acting is just plain bad and unconvincing. Now the gore, if you're going with material this weak you should load it up with disgusting violence, is there any in the Scream series? No.<br />Everyone went to see this movie just to see who THE KILLER is. This movie sets low standards to be met, you expect alot of people to die, one shock, then we find out who the killer is, then you go home. Every horror film being made today is like that, there's nothing new or exciting or risk taking, its the same stuff over and over and people are laping it up like dog food.<br />This film is what you've come to expect, bad acting, some people die and we eventually find out who the killer is and all is merry and well. Pathetic.
0679745203|5.0|The English Patient is Michael Ondaatje's masterpiece and one of the most hauntingly beautiful books of the twentieth century, evoking an eroticism and emotional connection with readers that many would not have believed possible.  It is a novel that asks questions for which no answers exist; a poetic and multi-layered mystery that unravels slowly, only very gradually revealing its fatally wounded inner core of a love that could never be.<br />The English Patient takes place in World War II Italy.  A man, the &quot;English patient,&quot; his skin burnt to a crisp, lies dying in a makeshift hospital amid the ruins of an ancient monastery.  The Canadian nurse who has stayed behind to care for him, Hana, is fighting demons of her own.  As the novel opens, Hana and the English patient are alone but they are not alone for long.  Soon, two bomb disposal experts and a mysterious man named Caravaggio arrive at the monastery.  Caravaggio is a murky character with even murkier motives in life, but it is clear from the outset that he harbors a tremenous amount of rage at the capriciousness of life and that he carries with him a hidden agenda all his own.<br />Although, from the beginning, there is apparently no hope for the English patient's survival, Hana cares for him tenderly, bathing his rotting skin, even bestowing gentle and sincere kisses upon his burnt lips.  Perhaps if she can heal him, she might have one more chance at healing herself.  The English patient cannot drink, he cannot speak, he can remember nothing.  He reminds Hana of other men, countless men, she has seen die during this terrible war.  Afraid that her own presence might contribute to the specter of death, Hana wonders, &quot;I must be a curse.  Anybody who loves me--who gets close to me--is killed.&quot;<br />The bomb disposal squad includes a handsome Sikh named Kip.  When Hana finds herself attracted to him, she resists the attraction, feeling that the curse she unwittingly places on the lives of others could affect Kip as well.  When the English patient is given access to a book found near his body, a very old, leather-bound volume of Herodotus, his memories begin to return.  As Hana reads to him he remembers fragments, flashes, nuances.  He dreams.  Enough to tantalize but not enough to tell us everything...at first.<br />The deatils of what the English patient remembers are the threads of love and betrayal that weave the poetic and lyrical tapestry of this gorgeous and heartbreaking story, so I will not give them away here.  The skeletal outline, however, becomes clear very early in the book.  The English patient is not really English at all, but Hungarian.  He is a Hungarian count, named Laszlo de Almasy who was sent to Egypt, attached to the Royal Geographic Society as a pilot.  A pilot who flew over the desert making maps for research purposes as well as maps that could also be used by the English during the war.<br />In Cairo, before fate strikes one of its cruelest blows, Almasy meets an energic British woman named Katherine Clifton.  Although newly-married, Katherine is not happy with her husband, Geoffrey.  Her attraction to Almasy is immediate, as is his to her.  Later, when the two find themselves alone in the desert, they will be called upon to confront their love.  Their decision will have lasting repercussions for both of them.<br />Almasy is a man who, in life, as well as in death, conceals rather than reveals.  It was Katharine and Katharine, only, who, with her energy and her zest for life, could release all the pent-up passions of Almasy.  Without her, he becomes withdrawn once again.  His personality is perfectly suited to the slow unraveling of the mystery of The English Patient.  For it is a mystery, and one that can only be exposed by the charred man who lies in the bed in the ruined monastery.  Little by little, Almasy remembers and the pieces become clear.  As they do, the lives of these four people, Hana, Kip, Caravaggio and Almasy become more and more entwined.<br />The English Patient is a labyrinth of a novel, yet it has a skeletal quality as well.  Perhaps that is because Ondaatje's prose is a perfect reflection of the love shared by Almasy and Katherine:  so lyrical, so poetic, so gossamer in its beauty that it feels as though one breath would be enough to cause the entire thing to simply dissipate before our very eyes.  The plot is not a linear one; Ondaatje fades back in time, then loops forward to the present, then fades back again.  But the story is so perfectly-crafted, so beautifully and hearbreakingly told, that nothing could flow more easily.  Ondaatje works his magic slowly, quietly, but surely unraveling the web that comes to bind these four tragically wounded and disparate lives.<br />The English Patient is a book that will, without a doubt, withstand the rigors of the test of time.  It is a lavishly poetic love story and one that touches the depths of love and romance inherent in the human heart like no other.
9684160178|5.0|...por intentar ser un adulto a la hora de escribir esta cuartilla, pero es que sino los adultos no me van a entender...acu&eacute;rdense los adultos piensan de una manera muy distinta, es por ello que debemos de ser muy pacientes...  Sin lugar a dudas uno de las grandes obras literaria jam&aacute;s escrita; egresado de la universidad central de venezuela y fanatico de miguel angel bueza, as&iacute; como de gabo y benedetti, amante de las locuras de martin romana y eterno enamorado de octavia de cadiz, inspirado por pablo neruda y tocado por octavio paz, te aseguro mi querido amigo adulto que el principito te va a cautivar ... te lo tienes que leer varias veces y en distintas epocas; en la medida en que vayas madurando encontrar&aacute;s este librito mucho m&aacute;s interesante...especialmente el asteroide 325 escucha bien lo que el rey te va a decir...si tan solo nuestros pol&iacute;ticos se leyeran este libro les aseguro que la corrupci&oacute;n as&iacute; como las injusticias sociales se vieran disminuidas porque como dice el rey &quot;la autoridad resta en la raz&oacute;n&quot;
B00000IIXH|4.0|For the true Springsteen fan who already owns the 4-disc &quot;Tracks&quot; set there are only 3 new songs to lure them into buying this disc--but 2 of the 3 are well worth it.  Hearing Bruce and the band quietly rip into the Southside Johnny staple &quot;Fever&quot; is a near-religious experience, and the stripped down, re-recorded outtake &quot;The Promise&quot; sounds so much better than on the muddy bootlegs that it first came to light on.  The only other &quot;new&quot; track here is &quot;Trouble River,&quot; recorded for the &quot;Human Touch&quot; disc, which really wasn't Bruce's best work.  As a sampler of the box set, there's some of the best (&quot;My Love Will Not Let You Down,&quot; &quot;Rendezvous&quot;) and some of the worst (&quot;Lions Den&quot;), but if you're not seeking the extras I'd dish out the cash to get the box.
B00000K19E|5.0|I first saw The Matrix the day it premiered in theaters, after I saw a preview that peaked my interest in the movie. I have since seen the movie well over a hundred times (no kidding, really)and I never get tired of seeing it. The Wachowski Brothers have succeeded in making one of the most fresh and innovative Sci-fi/action movies ever made, with a gripping storyline, nonstop action, and stellar acting performances across the board.         I've often heard people talk about Keanu Reeves' lack of acting ability, but he plays the part of Thomas Anderson/Neo to perfection in what I consider by far the finest performance of his career. Reeves portrays an early sense of doubt and disbelief very convincingly, and makes a smooth transition throughout the film as he comes to terms with the &quot;real world&quot; and his struggle to save it. Laurence Fishburne,(Morpheus, the leader of the human resistence) who has long been one of my favorite actors, delivers another riveting performance as his charisma and strong presence shine through in this movie. His interplay with Reeves is especially good, as he helps propel the film's suspenseful moments. Carrie-Anne Moss delivers a breakthrough role as Trinity, a member of Morpheus' crew as well as Neo's eventual love interest. The rest of the cast also deliver excellent performances,  as they play their supporting roles to perfection.          The strong acting alone would make this a solid movie, but the script really propels this movie into the stratosphere, making The Matrix one of the most innovative stories ever created. The backdrop of Man against Machine is not brand new concept, but the idea of the enslavment of the human race in a computer-generated prison for the mind is quite new indeed. The Wachowski brothers grab the audience's attention at the very beginning of the movie by dropping the viewer directly into the action, without knowing who the &quot;bad guys&quot; and &quot;good guys&quot; really are. The movie continues forward at backbreaking pace, offering riveting plot twists, suspense-filled action sequences, and some of the best special effects ever to grace the big screen(The combination still and motion picture technology, which is used throughout the film and detalied in an included behind the scenes documentary, is absolutely amazing).       I believe that the entire DVD format was created to showcase this type of movie.(The Matrix is the top selling DVD title to date, so many people obviously agree with me) The visuals are crisp and clear, with extremely vivid images, This movie also features some of the best sound possible, as bone-jarring explosions and ferocious fight scenes are heard like never before in full Dolby 5.1 surround. The behind the scenes documentaries are fascinating, and the disc is also packed with loads of other extras that will satisfy any Matrix fan.         The bottom line is this: The Matrix is one of the most innovative movies ever made, backed by excellent acting performances, an incredible script, as well as special effects that set a new standard in the motion picture industry. This movie will be remembered for years to come. I am one of the multitudes of fans who eagerly await the sequel(and for once I have greater expectations for the sequel than I did for the original). The Matrix is an instant classic, a movie truly fashioned for the computer age.
0385486804|3.0|I read Into The Wild after finishing Krakauer's Into Thin Air, which is easily a five-star book. This one was a letdown. Jon is a marvelous writer. He has wonderful control of the English language. He's a deep thinker and is able to convey complex thoughts and emotions through his writing. He does this again in Into The Wild, however, the whole book seemed like a stretch to me, as if he wanted to write a book, but didn't have any other good ideas at the time. So he took on the compelling story of Chris McCandless.<br />McCandless was a smart kid from a good family who for whatever reason left home and a promising future to try survival on his own in the Alaskan wilderness for a summer. He doesn't make it. <br />This is something many people contemplate doing at some time in their life. I myself spent a month in the woods as a teenager, but came back out before I starved to death. It is an interesting quirk of human nature. It is something worth writing about in article length with regard to one case, or book length as a treatise on this aspect of the human condition, showing numerous examples. But Krakauer tries to expand McCandless' story alone to a full book, and though he tries mightily, he fails to flesh it out that far.<br />Judging from the sales and other reviews of the book, many readers do not share this opinion. I wouldn't argue with them. I view my complaint as highly subjective, and the book is fine in all other regards. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes, author of Wake Up Dead.
B00000JGEI|5.0|In the rare pantheon of sequels that are just as good as -- if not, better than -- the original, \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day\\" is in limited but good company. Nearly a decade after leaving his stamp with the first film, James Cameron returned to the property that put him on the map (perhaps with tail between legs following the disappointing release of \\"The Abyss\\" a few years prior). With original players Linda Hamilton and, of course, Arnold Schwarzenegger back in action, Cameron co-wrote a script that expanded upon the simple premise of the original film while adding more social commentary and even more action than before.<br /><br />While our heroin from the first film, Sarah Connor (Hamilton) rots away in a maximum security mental institution, her young son and future savior of mankind, John (a fresh-faced Edward Furlong), is roaming the streets of Los Angeles, blasting some GNR whilst robbing ATMs. Meanwhile, the war against the machines rages on in the future, and as such, a newer and deadlier Terminator with shape-shifting abilities -- the T-1000, as played by a stone-cold serious Robert Patrick -- is sent back in time to crush that little squirt John Connor before he leads all of humankind to victory. It's hard not to imagine the resistance chanting \\"Yes, we can!\\" while the machines retort with \\"We built it!\\" Anyway, as before, a protector for Connor is sent, only this time it's a re-programmed version of the same would-be Terminator that originally tried to kill his mother. And thus, Arnold is back.<br /><br />\\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day\\" is notable for a lot of things, but what really makes it stand out is its stunning visuals effects. As one of the first films to utilize CGI in a big way, it simultaneously closed the door on the dominance of practical effects in the '80s while opening the door for the likes of \\"Jurassic Park,\\" \\"The Matrix\\" and, of course, \\"Avatar.\\" Using the T-1000 as the film's guinea pig, Cameron makes us believe liquid metal can come to life and stalk us. Even as technology has advanced, the CGI in the film is remarkable and somehow manages to look better than the CGI-heavy fodder of today.<br /><br />But special effects aside, the film is truly a roller-coaster ride of epic proportions. While admittedly not as tightly paced as its predecessor, the follow-up is chock full of dizzying action, dazzling set-pieces and big and bold ideas about the future. Amidst all of this lies a disarming sense of fun and humor, vis &agrave; vis the interplay between Schwarzenegger and young Furlong. To counter this, Hamilton steps it up as Rambo with sweater-meat. Her turn as the hardened and focused soldier is a natural progression from where we last saw her, and thankfully, Hamilton is up for the task.<br /><br />As far as big-budget blockbusters go, \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day\\" sits at the top of the heap. Very few films have come along in its time that are as truly epic and entertaining as this. With Schwarzenegger in his prime and Cameron at the top of his game, this is a no-brainer. One of the few \\"must-see\\" sequels in history. This one truly gives its predecessor a run for its money. While the franchise laid dormant for a good decade, Hollywood couldn't resist, and two sequels as well as a TV series followed. To be sure, though, \\"Terminator 2\\" is the end all, be all follow-up and a perfect companion piece to the original. Like chocolate and peanut butter, or plastique and burly beef, if you prefer.<br /><br />**Review edited on 11/04/2012life and stalk us. Even as technology has advanced, the CGI in the film is remarkable and somehow manages to look better than the CGI-heavy fodder of today.<br /><br />But special effects aside, the film is truly a roller-coaster ride of epic proportions. While admittedly not as tightly paced as its predecessor, the follow-up is chock full of dizzying action, dazzling set-pieces and big and bold ideas about the future. Amidst all of this lies a disarming sense of fun and humor, vis  vis the interplay between Schwarzenegger and young Furlong. To counter this, Hamilton steps it up as Rambo with sweater-meat. Her turn as the hardened and focused soldier is a natural progression from where we last saw her, and thankfully, Hamilton is up for the task.<br /><br />As far as big-budget blockbusters go, \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day\\" sits at the top of the heap. Very few films have come along in its time that are as truly epic and entertaining as this. With Schwarzenegger in his prime and Cameron at the top of his game, this is a no-brainer. One of the few \\"must-see\\" sequels in history. This one truly gives its predecessor a run for its money. While the franchise laid dormant for a good decade, Hollywood couldn't resist, and two sequels as well as a TV series followed. To be sure, though, \\"Terminator 2\\" is the end all, be all follow-up and a perfect companion piece to the original. Like chocolate and peanut butter, or plastique and burly beef, if you prefer.<br /><br />**Review edited on 11/04/2012
0893860220|5.0|To her credit, one of my favorite Zen Buddhist Teachers, Joko Beck, has confessed scepticism that enlightenment is a genuine human possibility. To my own credit, I contemplated for some time the possibility that she might well be correct. Then I read Sri Nisargatta Maharaj's book of oral talks entitled &quot;I am That.&quot;        This is without a doubt the greatest work of human wisdom that I've so far encountered, and I can only hope it reaches the widest possible audience. As a veteran spiritual seeker I can say with conviction that the majority of people I've encountered on the path are seeking to enhance their lives in some way. This is not at all the message of Sri Nisargatta, however. What he is proposing is that we have the courage to loose our lives altogether -- which obviously is no easy thing. If, however, you understand this imperative, then by all means read his book. You will surely be carried farther than you have so far imagined possible.
B00000IL1K|1.0|ANY ATTEMPT TO CONTACT THE RECORDING COMPANY HAS BEEN MET WITH NO SUCCESS<br />aS SARAH IS GREAT---DO YOU HAVE SUGGESTIONS WHAT TO DO?<br />BESURE THAT IF YOU PURCHASE THIS CD---CHECK IT OUT FIURST
B00000IB4D|5.0|Santana at the peak of his musical power!!  I wore out my first copy of this LP with severe needle damage and bought a second album to replace it.  I have finally found it on CD, and had to go &quot;out of country&quot; to get it.  This is a near perfect musical offering-with jazz, blues, funk, Afro-Cuban and Latin mixed in equally-pleasing measure.  This one is for mature listeners who want to remember how good Santana's music could get in the early 70's.  Favorites include: &quot;When I Look into Your Eyes&quot;, &quot;Welcome&quot;, &quot;Mother Africa&quot; (GREAT soprano sax work) and &quot;Love, Devotion and Surrender&quot;.  There is a lot going on in this timeless, complex and beautiful musical experience.  Buy it, try it!!
B000003TAR|5.0|In Utero is a very moving album. It isn't as crisp as Nevermind, but, still packs a punch. It feels like you're in the studio listening to the band. This album isn't as crisp on purpose. Kurt Cobain was trying to get out of the spotlight. It didn't work. The best songs on this cd are: Serve The Servents, Heart Shaped Box, Rape Me, Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle, Dumb, Very Ape, Pennyroyal Tea, and All Apologies. I listed almost every single song. That's how good this is. It's a very emotional album. It's too bad Nirvana is no more.
B00003CXE7|3.0|First of all I wanna say, that the set-up of this movie, the cinematography, the special effects and of course the acting of Russell Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix are just fabulous. I think I never saw a historic epic like this before.  BUT: Whats the matter with Hollywood, when it comes to find movie endings? Why does the so-called hero have to die in such a pseudo-ideolistic, melodramatic way, that a whole movie of about two and a half hours has to suffer and become actually nothing more than  a 08/15, 3 star movie just because of the final 15 minutes? These final 15 minutes - without them and another ending, The Gladiator would be a great 5 star movie - of The Gladiator are so full of senseless, completly overdrawn emotions, that you actually can only laugh or leave the theatre. It was exactly the same thing with The Matrix: Love is so great, love is so strong, it can wake the dead(Neo).  In The Gladiator, love, loyality and believe in honour is so strong that, although the hero dies, everything is good, great and beautiful in the end and after we shared a tear or too, because of the unfair way, his life has ended, we know, thta now the hero can be happy with his family in heaven... Oh please! Dear Hollywood, do all of us a favour and stop destroying great movies with &quot;beautiful&quot;, &quot;wonderful&quot; endings, that let us leave the cinema crying or make us want to scream, because we hve spent 10 bucks for a ticket or 25 bucks for the dvd. Although I know, that wont help, I thank you for your attention!!!
B000003JBM|5.0|I love it, this is just super fantastic.<br />I don't think anybody has done a better 'fusion' (i HATE that word sometimes) of jazz and rap, than the people on this album have.  Everysong is good and you need it and it is what you should be imagining when you think of jazz/rap or whatever.  if you like your little cool rap, you should get this. if you like jazz, I dunno you should get this.  boring Guru fits perfectly with this and he isn't boring on this, the music makes him the GD MAN
B000002L99|4.0|Okay, I was skeptical of this.  David Lee Roth had just left Van Halen, and the initial single, &quot;Why Can't This Be Love?&quot; was pretty bad.  Then a friend bought this and I heard the entire LP.  Well, I was pleasantly surprised.  Besides the single, the rest of the album is very enjoyable.  Songs such as Good Enough, Get Up, and 5150 are great rockers.  Dreams and Summer Nights are the type of songs that make great singles, without selling out.  Over all, not a bad buy.
B00004WEJZ|4.0|I may be the only person alive who thinks that &quot;Never Say Never Again&quot; is better than the film it is based on; &quot;Thunderball&quot;.  The fourth 007 picture; &quot;Thunderball&quot; was definitely one of the better Bond adventures but &quot;NSNA&quot; has a special magic to it.<br />For starters it is definitely pleasing to have Connery back one more time as Bond, but what makes &quot;NSNA&quot; a better film than &quot;Thunderball&quot; are the supporting players.  The danger that Largo presents to Bond here is much more affecting and dramatic than in &quot;Thunderball&quot;.  The action sequences are more ingenious, the art direction is more elegant, and the performaces are more well tuned.<br />Whether you prefer &quot;Thunderball&quot; to &quot;NSNA&quot; or not, &quot;NSNA&quot; is still a great Bond entertainment.<br />The story involves an older 007 (Sean Connery) who must have retired from espionage after &quot;Diamonds Are Forever&quot;, because now is is slightly out of shape and much older.  007 is called back into action after the terrorist group S.P.E.C.T.R.E. has stolen two nuclear warheads and is holding the world hostage.<br />He travels to the Bahamas (just as in &quot;Thunderball&quot;) and seduces a young Kim Basinger and gets seduced by Catherine Zeta Jones... uh, I mean a S.P.E.C.T.R.E. assasin played by Barbara Carrera.  You all know the rest.  <br />While not the best 007 film, I think that &quot;Never Say Never Again&quot; is a more entertaining alternative to the classic 007 adventure &quot;Thunderball&quot;.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|This has always been a great album, however, the CD never sounded all that great.  Now Warner Bros. has been gracious enough to remaster them.  The result is a CD that sounds like a brand new release.  The songs are as fresh today as they were in 1978.  If you already own this disc, is it worth buying the remastered version?  You betcha!
B000002UTH|5.0|This album is really something special. I had a couple of later released RHCP albums, and i wanted to expand my library with a few more. I saw Freaky Styley and i bought it on the spot, with no previous knowledge of any songs on the cd. It turned out great. I put it in the car and listened to it all the way through. I was sceptical at first, i really needed to keep and open mind. I have listened to the cd a couple of times all the way through and each time i listen to it, i like it more and more. Songs such as &quot;Jungle Man&quot; and &quot;Yertle the Turtle&quot; really round out the whole experience. I do warn you though...more contemporary RHCP fans may be turned off by the young, fresh and ametuerish sound of this album, but i feel in love. I highly recommend it.
B00000J2PH|4.0|King has such an expressive, raw sound which is easy to listen to, yet which is actually somewhat cerebral.  She is an especially thoughtful songwriter -- &quot;Tapestry&quot; is an incredibly thoughtful and insightful track.  The only thing I don't like about this CD is that it is not identical to the original LP -- there are some changes, and remixes.  But I can certainly live with that.  :)
6302194296|5.0|F.W. Murnau's &quot;Nosferatu&quot; remains the greatest of all vampire movies. It is a haunting, visually stunning experience and one of first true visual masterpieces in the history of film. Max Schreck is the best vampire I have ever seen in a movie because unlike the usual Draculas (well, here for copyright reasons it's Count Orlock), his is scary as hell. He makes Hannibal Lecter look like a sissy! Murnau presents some of the most haunting and hypnotic gothic images ever filmed and his story rarely needs the typical title card where the dialogue appears because just by looking, we know what's going on, we are drawn in and captured. It remains a creepy little gem. The only movie to even come near its effect is Werner Herzog's 1979 color remake. Murnau's film is an example of true art in the cinema, of real storytelling and building of atmosphere through sheer images. When film historians and critics look back at the beginnings of filmmaking, &quot;Nosferatu&quot; will forever be mentioned. It ranks among &quot;M,&quot; &quot;The Cabinet Of Dr. Caligari&quot; and &quot;Metropolis&quot; as one of the great German works, and among all movies is a giant. It deserves more than one viewing, it will draw you back for a second viewing.
6304712499|1.0|Damn, and I thought Blade was a terrible film! Well, Spawn is about as bad as it gets. The story is prodding to the point of being BORING. The acting is weak, and even the digital FX are un-inspired. Sorry Mr. McFarlane, but nothing can save this hopless excuse for a film.
0141301104|1.0|&quot;A REAL WITCH hates children with a red-hot sizzling hatred that is more sizzling and red-hot than any hatred you could possibly imagine....Her passion is to do away with them, one by one.  It is all she thinks about the whole day long.  Even if she is working as a cashier in a supermarket or typing letters for a businessman or driving around in a fancy car (and she could be doing any of these things), her mind will always be plotting and scheming and churning and burning and whizzing and phizzing with murderous bloddthirsty thoughts.&quot;<br />As a representative of the Neo-Pagan community I do not find this funny. Should I? Would any Witch wish for their children to read this? I don't think so. To get some idea of how offensive this is to a modern Wiccan/Pagan substitute the word Jew or Jews for Witch and Witches and then imagine that you are Jewish.<br />Shame on you Mr. Dahl for writing it. Shame on you Puffin for publishing it.
6305089957|2.0|Scream 2 is the SAME THING than the first one. Same plot, same stupid actors, same boring directing and same conclusion. Frankly, this is one huge mistake of cinema industry. When I say the same thing, it's the SAME THING! Some parts are so unrealistic that I was laughing...the characters are dumb and the worst mistake they made in this sequel is that they killed the only interesting character: Randy. You can still see some not-so graphic bloody images, and the killer wearing the same suit. Watching these cute little teenagers getting stabbed in the back isn't very entertaining, but, maybe it's just me, but they made a lot of money with this film...and that's a mistake. The whole thing is a mistake...and it seems that they don't understand that, because they made a third episode...4/10
B000003N7K|5.0|I have enjoyed this amazing work for over 13 years.  I have even purchased for a couple people as a gift.  It NEVER disappoints.  Believe it or not, this and R. Kelly are my favorite CDs.  Truly wonderful!
B00003CX7L|3.0|The visuals are just as amazing this time around as they were in the first movie.  Unfortunately, that's this movie's only good point.  Since the characters are...toys...it's somewhat difficult to feel any sympathy or other emotions for them during the movie.  The character development is, to say the most, weak.  The characters feelings, traits, personalities, etc. aren't developed at all through the story.  Likewise, there isn't even a clear story line throughout the entire movie.  This movie truly deserves only 1 star, but remembering it is a movie for younger children, I am giving it 3.
0517543052|5.0|Long ago it seemed that the possibility of enlightenment was there for the taking. But life intervenes and the possibilities seem to get swept away in t-bills, t-bones, and t-tops. Material things weigh in and the possibility slips away. If God is everywhere he is in your fingertips and your eyes as you read this. That makes you god. The difference is that we need to stop trying so hard to make every thing perfect and accept the realization that everything is already perfect. Acceptance is the key that Ram Dass teaches. If you first read it in a drug induced haze, man, try it again from the otherside of 40. What time is it? (Now) Where are you?  (Here) Be well...
6304145438|5.0|I love this film and it ranks third on my all time favorite movie list. The first time I watched this was when I was 9, but never really appriciated it until I got older. The movie has a simple message: No man is a failure if he has friends. My sister keeps asking me through the years, &quot;Why do you like this movie?&quot;. It's simple. It's about looking out for the little guy, which is what George Bailey does. He did everything he could to keep that building and loan open. He is smart, well-liked, and never thinks about himself. With that, there is no way you can hate George Bailey. He wants his friends and others to have an alternative to Harry Potter (the Lex Luthor of his time). We can also relate to George because every once in a while, our lives fall into a rutt. We feel that nothing has been accomplished in our lives, but that is not the case. Sometimes people need to stop and see what's around them. Like others, there are certain parts I get choked up on. Especially the ending. And remember...every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings&quot;.
0792156684|3.0|I want to keep this short and simple. Titanic is a good movie, but not amazing, but also not terrible. The cast was great, especially Kate Winslet, Billy Zane, and Kathy Bates. And those who said Kate Winslet wasn't good in here or think she's a terrible or bad actress? She wasn't that great in here, but please watch Heavenly Creatures, Jude, and her most recent Holy Smoke. Winslet today is one of our best and bravest actresses these days. Leonardo DiCaprio did a pretty good job as Jack and the speciall effects were stunning. And yeah, the movie might cost too much to make, but besides that it was worth it. But I must to agree that the storyline and the some of characters (won't say which ones) might of being better.
0804106304|5.0|This book is absolutely wonderful!  I read The Joy Luck Club in my English Honors class my junior year in high school.  All throughout my school life, whenever I have had to read a book for school, I have never liked it.  However, with The Joy Luck Club, I enjoyed the book from the very first page.  I learned a lot from Amy Tan's book, including things like how Chinese mother/daughter relationships work and how much Chinese families place on honor and tradition.  I suggest this book to anyone wishing to expand their cultural knowledge.  All around, this book is absolutey great!
B00004XOWM|4.0|To start, I will admit that the first week i owned the CD, I didn't go more than a few hours without listening to it everyday. Now that the music has sunk in, I'd like to give my opinion on the CD from a more unbiased perspective. I think that Fred Durst is an amazing song writer, but he is patronizing himself too much on songs like &quot;Hot Dog,&quot; &quot;Getcha Groove On,&quot;  &quot;Life in the fast lane,&quot; ( though i do like the song.) He is too conscious of his band's popularity. But &quot;My Generation&quot; seems like a genuine tribute to the fans. I especially loved the two versions of &quot;Rollin'&quot; - the radio version is a lot of fun to rock out to, but the rap version is unbelievable and proves their devotion to bringing something new to the table everytime. I liked how they completley transformed the MI:2 theme into a pounding melody. Also, on their first two albums, Durst ranted about the real emotions of his teenage target audience: frustration, heartbreak, misunderstanding, and angst. However, about half of the album is how he doesn't (care)... about his critics or know why they would even talk bad about him in the first place. Yet again, they come up with songs that contradict that. &quot;It'll Be ok&quot; is haunting, &quot; Boiler&quot; and &quot;Hold On&quot; are great examples of their combination of complex feelings and  hard beats that serve as the anxoius undertone. (Listening to Scott Weiland's beautiful yet gritty voice on &quot;Hold on&quot; relays the message perfectly. )&quot;The One&quot; is awkwardly tossed in, only because this album is otherwise seamlessly arranged alternating rock/rap fusions and straining ballads. The subject matter, Durst realizing that a current relationship could have soul-mate potential, is suprisingly light and careless. But it is a good indication that Durst is still human, something he's uninetionally trying to say. He should stop listening to the critics all together, because the band has one ofthe most devoted fan bases in rock today. Limp Bizkit should continue to explore their musical horizons, which has already proved to be extremely meaningful to millions of people who have supported them. Lastly, I give credit to the actually band ( Wes, Sam, John,DJ Lethal) for supplementing Durst's anger with genius artistry that gives the true meaning to all of the songs.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|Attention fans! If you haven't gotten yourself a copy of Christina's Christmas album yet, you are missing out! From the frist track, I was totally blown away. The talented songstress showcases her vocal maturity since '97 and incredible vocal range in this collection of holiday hits. Christina performs the traditionals beautifully, adding a few little twists of her own along the way (my favorite of her classic renditions is &quot;Angels We Have Heard on High&quot;) and shows that she's got soul. Yet Ms. Aguilera proves she can mellow down too, in songs such as &quot;This Year.&quot; &quot;Xtina's Xmas&quot; is also interesting, with funky rhythms backing her up. My only complaint? Christina's albums are always so good that they seem not to be long enough! All in all, &quot;My Kind of Christmas&quot; is definitely a must-have that you'll be playing over &amp; over for Christmases to come! Don't hesitate to get yours today!
B00004XMVH|4.0|This movie is based loosely on some historical events which occurred during World War II.  It spotlights a submarine crew whose mission was to capture a decoder from a German submarine.  It is filled with action and imminent danger to the crew as one situation then another seems impossible to overcome.  It is a vehicle for Matthew McConaughy to star as a navy man who has been passed over for a promotion because he is too emotionally close to his crew.  As head of this mission, he gets a chance to prove that he can be tough and resourceful as well as caring towards his men.  It is full of action and moves very quickly.  Recommended viewing for those who like constant excitment in their movies.
6305949980|5.0|Tim Burton has always been my favorite director, and this film only makes me like him more.  Burton blends an eloquent tale of treachery and blends it with drop dead gorgeous special effects.  This DVD edition is my 2nd favorite DVD of all time ranking just behind The Rocky Horror Picture Show 25th Anniversary Collector's Edition.  In short, this film is an excellent movie that has much to offer.  I do not recommend this film for those who still believe in Sandy Claws.
B00004Z459|5.0|Great CD in my opinion.  It is what alot of other bands are doing nowadays.  With the hardcore guitar and rapping vocals, but better than the rest.  The lyrics are amazing, better than others.  The lyrics remind me of Taproot, only better.  This is a good band that can rock or slow it down.  My fav songs on the album are 'By Myself' and 'Pushing Me Away'.  If you are a fan of  Taproot, Deftones, (hed)pe, incubus, etc., then you should checkthese guys out.
B00004XONN|5.0|The evolution of Radiohead has been an incredible one, so much that if you were to listen to their four albums, you might surmise that you were hearing four different bounds.  Kid A, the groups fourth release, stretches reality even moreso than the surreal but beautiful OK Computer.  Kid A rejects modern song form and in some cases even the pentatonic scale.<br />The opener, &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; is a creepy electric organ piece with some of Radiohead's classic symbolic lyrics.  (There are two colours in my head...)  Computers and mixers have toyed with this song immensely.<br />Next up is the title track, &quot;Kid A.&quot;  Thom's voice comes in heavily distorted through the synth. accompaniment, and the song has a beautiful climax.  Again, lots of electronic mixing.<br />&quot;The National Anthem,&quot; is a very unique song, even for Radiohead.  A vivid bass line is overlaid with members of a brass/jazz band.  The instruments become increasingly disorganized and eventually &quot;take over&quot; the song.  Very interesting.<br />&quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot; is probably my favorite track, and one of the most beautiful Radiohead songs ever.  Thom's vocal line is suspended above some very mournful sounding guitar accompaniment, and a harsh electonic slide cuts in every so often, perhaps to jerk the singer back to the reality that he seems to be denying (I'm not here, this isn't happening).<br />&quot;Treefingers&quot; is a completely ambient, instrumental piece.  It seems very sonically connected, and almost has a hypnotic quality.  An refreshing middle of the CD track.<br />&quot;Optimistic,&quot; perhaps the most radio-friendly of all the songs, features Selway's skilled drumming with a classic Radiohead sound.  The electric rhythm guitar is brought out as well, and keeps the song flowing nicely.<br />&quot;In Limbo&quot; is fairly slow paced, but not without its message (You're living in a fantasy).  Very skilled guitar accompaniment with some floating vocals.<br />&quot;Idioteque&quot; is a morbidly upbeat techno sounding piece.  The drum beat seems to have been sonically compressed (the sound is crammed together) electronically.  Yorke lets out some emotion lyrically in this song, which has a decidedly fearful-sounding style (Ice age coming, ice age coming... this is really happening).<br />&quot;Morning Bell,&quot; which is written in a very odd meter, features some electronic organ accompaniment heard in many other places on the album.  Thom sings very quietly but with meaning (Release me).  The monotony of the song is broken by occasional guitar and drum features which seem to switch to &quot;happy&quot; for a few seconds.  The end of the song is creepy, with the vocals degrading and mumbling into the background as the song fades.<br />&quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; is a very fitting closer.  Brass and harp accompany Thorke for this farewell, which starts in a &quot;sad fanfare.&quot;  The song reaches an incredible climax as Yorke sings (Maybe I will see you...  in the next life).  After the song has been over for a little bit, the silence is interrupted by one final instrumental moment.<br />Overall, Kid A is differnt, innovative, haunting, and beautiful.  Many have been trying to figure out the meaning of this &quot;concept album.&quot;  Some have suggested it is the story of the first human clone, with the songs representing Kid A's growth through the stages of life.  However you want to interpret what is contained herein is up to you, but I strongly urge you to pick this up immediately if you are interested in something new and wonderful.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Hmm. I just watched this movie for the first time a few days ago, but it seems it's the sort of thing you get hooked on as a kid (I'm 19). I still love it though. Sort of a bizzare amalgam of The Wizard of Oz, Alice in Wonderland, and a bunch of other stuff. <br />What happened was, I was driving with a friend, and she quoted (what I now realize was) the &quot;You remind me of the babe&quot; speech. I asked her what it was from, she told me, and I innocently asked &quot;What's Labyrinth?&quot; She gave me a horrified look, and immediately insisted we go the the nearest Blockbuster to rent this classic bit of fantasy. I had no objections, so we sat down on her sofa for the approximate 90 minutes, glued to the set. I just love, love, LOVED it. It ranged from thought-provoking, to sexy (Bowie's not too bad, if you ignore the teeth), to plain ridiculous. We played MST3K with it the whole time, making fun of Sarah (she IS annoying) and Bowie's makeup and pants (&quot;Is that a crystal ball in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?&quot;). Outstanding special effects combined with gloriously tepid acting makes for a delightfully campy classic.
B000007XUQ|5.0|This Christmas compilation is one of the best I've ever heard. Both Richard and Karen have captured the Christmas spirit. If I had to chose one favorite Christmas recording of all time this is it. The orchestration is beautiful and all the Holiday favorites and more are covered and more. There's not enough stars to rate this recording. This is definitely a heartwarming classic and if you dont have this you dont have a Christmas recording at all.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I'm strictly a hip-hop and r&amp;b fan but when i heared Dido singing on Eminem's &quot;stan&quot; I was drawn to her voice. I must say this is a very good cd, this is coming from a guy who's music collection is 99.9% rap. She has a voice that is very relaxing it's the kind of music you want to chill to.
B000000WJZ|4.0|A surging followup to 'Gish', which you should already have to appreciate 'Siamese Dream' all the more.  All the tracks are worthy.  Hell, SOMA alone is worth the price of the disc.   He/She who hesitates, misses out on some great music.
0671578855|5.0|This is another one of those books which will keep you up way past your bedtime because you can't stop until you find out what happened.  I agree with Anne McCaffrey &quot;Boy, can she write!&quot;.
B00004Z459|5.0|After hearing &quot;One Step Closer&quot; on the radio, I knew this would be a great CD. If you like that song, you should love this CD, most songs are a lot better than One Step Closer.<br />The 1st song starts out strong, with a good beat, its a great song with good lyrics. The 2nd song is One Step Closer, you have probably heard this song, its a heavy, angry song. Track 3, this is slower than the first 2, it gets really heavy in the chorus, another great song.  Song 4, starts out heavy, sounds kind of rap influence with the beat, kind of mellow singing most of the time. Track 5 is great, starts with a bass beat, and goes straight to the chorus, probably one of the best songs on the album. The 6th song is also really good, kinda soft singing most of the time, I can see this song being the 2nd single. Track 7, another heavier song, loud screaming chorus, most of the song sounds like talking over a beat, its a pretty good song though. 8, starts with a piano, another rap/talking song, this song is also pretty good, not the best. Number 9, this song is tough, this is probably another one of my favorites.  Track 10 starts out rocking hard, and gets back to their usual rapping sound, pretty good song.  Number 11, this is their DJ's track, just mixing the whole time.  Song 12, has soft singing, pretty good song, once again, not the best on the cd, its a good last song though.<br />This is a great CD, they have used their 2 singers together very well. The cd has good beats and guitars, this is a must have cd for anyone into metal, or rap-metal.
B00004Z459|2.0|THESE GUY ARENT THAT GREAT.... BUY TAPROOT THEY BLOW LINKIN PARK WAY OUT THE WATER... JUST CHECK THE MAGAZINE REVIEWS...THEY LABEL TAPROOT GREAT...AND LINKIN PARK JUST ANOTHER RAP ROCK BAND... TAPROOT FOREVER
B0000025JT|3.0|Britney Spear's song &quot;Oops I did it again&quot; Is the same song as &quot;woman in love&quot; with different lyrics?
B000003BF1|5.0|this has got to be one of the top 15 or so albums i've ever heard. every single track is outstanding. i would'nt know where to begin discussing this marvelous album. you'll play this album repeatedly.it may very well be their best one, and even if it isn't it is a bona fide classic.it is a diverse album with hard rock, blues, country, soul etc.and jagger's lyrics are outstanding as usual. the playing is superb and brian jones' replacement, mick taylor,strongly contributed to this album as well as subsequent efforts. this should definitely  be a part of any stones fan's collection, and indeed any one trying to build a collection of 60's music.
B00004XOWM|4.0|limp bizkit new cd is more metal and to me this is the best guitar work wes has done. my favorites songs are &quot;my generation&quot; and &quot;rollin&quot; that i cant get enough of. i am not a fan of hearing the f word a hundred times but on my two favorite songs its very limited. i really enjoy the music on this cd more then the vocals.
B00004XMS0|4.0|The first film was an eye-opener as far as the transition from comics to big screen was concerned. Being a true take on the then new Dark Knight series of comics that treated its readers to a more mature and brooding Batman, giving them strong, well thought out stories with a more adult theme.  This was (in my opinion) due to the influence of the up and coming Manga trend surfacing in the west with the hugely popular Akira film.  Burton and Keaton created, on the screen, a Dark hero for the 90's that the fans of the comics could relate to and it worked BIG time marrying stark visuals with a music score as rich as you could fit on any film. For a home cinema owner there is little better out there to show off your systems capability than with than this film.   As with most sequels the second, Batman Returns, was less than the original, in this case suffering from too many characters/stars all demanding a piece of the screen time, why on earth the studios think that more is better is beyond me. Quality is ALWAYS better than quantity in a film as born out in many sequels vs. originals. That is not to say that this was a poor film, far from it, just not as good as the first. There were too many character origins to make the main plot anything other than passable.  Now, onto the third in the series. A new director will always bring with them a new vision of a character and story and Schumacher is no different, I believe another reviewer had the same thoughts as me on this one 'The Dark Knight in Technicolor'. For fans of the first two films this had to be a bit of a shock, new Batman and a real glossy comic book feel to the film. This was good escapism but lacked the mature approach of the first two films.  Oh dear, with the final outing, Batman Forever, we see where Schumacher got his inspiration, not from the comics, not from the first films, oh no, anyone remember the campy, hammy Batman TV series with Burt Ward I believe?? Yup the only thing missing from this film were tights and the visual sound affects. POW BASH KA-BLAMMY.  I strongly feel that the stars were wasted on this film, which is a great pity as there is far more potential to this series than has been shown thus far.  In summery, the first two films are ideal teen upward viewing, the second two are in my opinion squarely aimed at kids. A good all round family package I guess.
B00000JJQK|5.0|this is probably the best of the &quot;experimental&quot; rock albums. you know the ones. pepper. the pink floyd stuff. the velvet underground and nico (whick actually surpasses the emotional intensity of this album). bowie's brian eno phase.but the main difference between this album and the others mentioned is that while the rest use good ol' 4/4 beats and rhythm guitar chops for much of their duration, the beach boys (or are they the brian wilson experience at this point?) never seem to be performing rock songs here. actually, the music is perfomed by such a non-rocking ensemble it's easy to see why no one was buying it upon its initial release. the fan-base for this group were fans of rock 'n roll or some variation of the stuff that elvis, little richard, buddy holly, jerry lee lewis and chuck berry created. no matter how &quot;transendant,&quot; this stuff never   sounds like it was made by a rock band. besides, it wasn't.but this is incredible music which actually feels as subversive as even the aforementioned velvets simply because of its refusal to rock. so is this the best album you'll ever hear? if you like rock music, probably not. is it the best thing the beach boys ever did? well, some may argue that the good vibrations single eclipses everything here. should you own this? most definitely.
B00003CX8J|5.0|As a long time fan of comics, I always look forward to the films with some trepidation. Like any written story that has acquired a huge fan base, a worthy transfer to the screen is difficult to say the least, more so when the players of the story are given visual characterization as in the comic's medium.  If the face doesn't match the comic version the actor has to try doubly hard to win over the fan. In the case of the X-Men, casting has hit the target bull's eye, leaving the actors the luxury of being able to slip into the roles like an old coat. Transition from the page is smooth as silk so the comic fan can take in the film as they would any issue of the mag.  But what of the non-fan? Is the film worth seeing? YOU BET, if you like fast-paced action, special effects, and a 'good vs. bad guys' storyline, with a deeper underlying character play that is almost submerged by the action, X-Men will not disappoint.  Be warned though, at the end you will be wanting more!
B00000JJQK|5.0|this is probably the best of the &quot;experimental&quot; rock albums. you know the ones. pepper. the pink floyd stuff. the velvet underground and nico (whick actually surpasses the emotional intensity of this album). bowie's brian eno phase.but the main difference between this album and the others mentioned is that while the rest use good ol' 4/4 beats and rhythm guitar chops for much of their duration, the beach boys (or are they the brian wilson experience at this point?) never seem to be performing rock songs here. actually, the music is perfomed by such a non-rocking ensemble it's easy to see why no one was buying it upon its initial release. the fan-base for this group were fans of rock 'n roll or some variation of the stuff that elvis, little richard, buddy holly, jerry lee lewis and chuck berry created. no matter how &quot;transendant,&quot; this stuff never   sounds like it was made by a rock band. besides, it wasn't.but this is incredible music which actually feels as subversive as even the aforementioned velvets simply because of its refusal to rock. so is this the best album you'll ever hear? if you like rock music, probably not. is it the best thing the beach boys ever did? well, some may argue that the good vibrations single eclipses everything here. should you own this? most definitely.
B00004YRQA|5.0|This is not an optional piece of hardware. If you want to get anything done with a PS2 game, you have to have a PS2 memory card to save that game's data. Contrary to popular belief, PS2 games are not compatible with PSX memory cards. Bummer, eh? Of course, your old PSX cards work with your old PSX games, but it kind of screws up the whole idea of backwards compatibility, no? Anywho, this is a very good memory card nonetheless, with blasting load speeds and a whole lot of space. Its definitely a must buy for a PS2 gamer.
6305907102|5.0|Before seeing Scream 3, I heard it was supposed to be the final movie, a true trilogy, and I was truely skeptical on how that would be possible concidering how Scream 2 brought to life the idea of copycat killing.  I was truely amazed how Scream 3 brought me a real sense of closure and a real feel of the Scream movies being a true trilogy.  To sum this one up, you never know the whole truth, the characters as well as the audience, until it comes up and bites you right where it counts.  Scream 3 takes place in Hollywood, where the production of Stab took place in Scream 2.  Now there is a Stab 2 and is not even talked about at all.  Stab and Stab 2 are the true life movies, and Stab 3 is in production and is the non-true sequel, or is it?  Ghostface is giving the crew of Stab 3 a real stab of a time.  Now the real life characters and the actors from Stab 3 must team up to fight the menace that haunts them and uncover the truth that lies hidden underneath it all.  Tori Spelling and David Schwimmer sure made a good choice to leave the Stab series after Stab 2.  This movie will blow your mind if you are a true Scream fan.  No guarantees in this one as to who will live and who will die, everyone's fair game.  So sit back and relax and have a scream of a time!
0385334206|3.0|I picked up Breakfast of Champions at a local used bookstore and I read the book not knowing quite what to expect. This isn't Vonnegut's best...but it most certainly isn't his worst. <br />Breakfast  of Champions isn't a philosophical book--it's just a book to read, to make you think a bit, but for the sake of precious time don't  sit around and analyze it. <br />Breakfast of Champions offers a somewhat accurate account of society, and I'll always admire Vonneguts satire and bitter realism but I think ol Kurt went a little too far with the whole &quot;bad chemicals&quot; situation--which became bothersome after several pages of this bleak denial of responsibility.<br />Breakfast of Champions--a quick, humourous read (love those doodles), but nothing to take very seriously.<br />~Leann~
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album stands out as one of the greatest albums ever. OK COMPUTER, lyrically destroys the western way of life, questioning our existence. To label Radiohead as 'depressing' misses the point, the album is like a journey and is masterfully put together, the tracks are too intellegent for the pop charts and make radiohead stand out as genuinely original along with the likes of the Beatles, Eminem, Nirvana and Pink Floyd.  The tracks that stand out for me are, 'Karma Police', 'airbag', 'Subterranean..', 'Lucky' and 'No suprises'.
B000001DTM|5.0|I'd never been a particular fan of U2, but &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; is absolutely outstanding. I consider it one of the great British art-rock albums, up there with &quot;Who's Next&quot; and &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; as the expression of a mature rock and roll band at the top of their game.  The songs, performances and sonics of this record are simply amazing.<br />U2's live performances of this material were literally spectacular...some of the most powerful stadium and arena concerts I've ever seen.
0553274503|4.0|Flowers for Algernon was a really good book i enjoyed it alot.  I rated it a four because some people might not understand it because of some of the writing and wording used it in.   It started out with progress reports that Charley wrote everyday about what happens and what he thinks, these progress reports go through the whole book.  Charley has problems and he acts very young and can not read, spell and has a very hard time understanding people and what they ask him to do.  He goes to college and there are professors that help him.  Charley has to take many different test for the professors.  The professors are making a experiment and it is to help people like Charley and over time it is sopose to make them remeber and be able to do things that others can.  Charley was choosen to be the student to do the experiment.  They put him through many different things such as listening to music while sleeping and playing tapes.  For awhile many things were getting better but at the end of the book Charley forgets everything and goes back to the way he use to be. Charley also leaves teh college because he found his family and he left to go live with them.  The rest of you the book you will have to find out on your own so get the book its great.
B00002616T|5.0|This is the first record Jarrett made with his European quartet.  The compositions are beautiful and the arrangements and playing are typically pristine.  A side note: this album contains the composition &quot;'Long As You Know You're Living Yours&quot;, whose opening riff Steely Dan appropriated for their song &quot;Gaucho,&quot; just as they copped the beginning of Horace Silver's &quot;Song For My Father&quot; for &quot;Rikki Don't Lose That Number&quot;<br />While Belonging is a wonderful record, a later album with the same combo, &quot;My Song&quot;, is even better.
0684853523|5.0|I have never read Stephen King's work, but being an aspiring writer, I bought this one simply because the reviews were too good to ignore.  <br />I'll add to this pile now.<br />The biographical first part is written in a smooth and flowing style that keeps you turning the pages late into the hours.  It details King's journey to becoming a published author, as well as his battle with substance abuse.  All the humour, heartbreak, and hardship shine through to inspire anyone who is unlucky enough to want to write.<br />The second part contains the truth about the craft.  The work, sacrifice, and the suggestion that writing is something you just might *not* be able to do.  In addition, it contains helpful sections pertaining to building good writing habits, things to avoid, exercises, etc.  There are some things I don't agree with, such as avoiding adverbs if possible, but it takes nothing away.  The information in this part of the book is something you'll be hard pressed to find anywhere else.  To some, it'll be ugly, to those who really do want to write, it'll be comforting to know that everyone doing it is fighting the same battle.<br />The third part is King's view on his close brush with death and how it's affected his life.<br />The two &quot;And Furthermore&quot; sections at the end contain a fully corrected piece of fiction that is an invaluable lesson, and a recommended reading list.<br />If you want to be a writer, buy this book.  Whether you read King's work or not.
B000002BSG|3.0|When the video for &quot;Virtual Insanity&quot; burst out of my television with its unique special effects and Jay Kay's signature vocal &quot;sound,&quot; I knew that I had found a band deserving of financial investment.<br />Sadly, I rarely am able to &quot;sit&quot; through the disc in its entirety.  It seems to be a work that is three fourths complete with eight of the thirteen cuts exceptional and five being substandard.  I will refrain from listing them in their respective categories, leaving that to the individual listener.<br />A disappointment after such an auspicious debut single makes this one a logical purchase from the &quot;discount&quot; shelves.
6303921248|5.0|This is an absolutely wonderful movie.  As a movie alone it is beautiful, but it is also a faithful adaptation of one of the greatest novels in literature.  The acting is superb, the locations breathtaking, and the trueness to Austen's work is refreshing.  After seeing the horrible adaption from the 40's this adaptaion was like a breath of fresh air.  Colin Firth is the ideal Mr. Darcy and Jennifer Ehle a great Elizabeth.  I can't express how great this movie is.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This is the best limp Bizkit cd yet and I encourage you to buy it. The song &quot;rollin&quot; is the best rock song since I heard &quot;Nookie&quot;. Also &quot;Get Your Groove On&quot; Is one of the best Mixes of Rap and Rock ever. So if there is a cd in the world right now that you should buy. It is this one.
B00004STPT|5.0|I saw the movie when it came out but I didn't pay much attention to the music. However, I knew it was good. A month later, I saw the CD, took a look at the case... it was written Hans Zimmer on it... I bought it immediatly without asking any question.<br />I put it in my reader, hit play and... WOW! right at the beggining, you feal the movie as if you were in the cinema. This opening is so incredible and guess what, the whole CD is good. I usually like one or two tracks, but this one... no. Every track is subtle and nuanced... thanks to Lisa.<br />If you did love the movie, well this is the next thing to put in your shoping cart. However, if you hate listening to a track that sligtly borrows its rythm from some other classical piece (with no s) that we won't name, then forget about it.
0060196122|4.0|I've read 3 books of Coelho including &quot;Veronica Decides To Die&quot;. I do think that Coelho is a great author, who can write about totally different people, about totally different time eras. What I love most about Coelho is his describing the most intimate and complicated thoughts so easily by so simple examples. And I strongly believe that &quot;Veronica Decides To Die&quot; is his best book ever. You can't help thinking if being &quot;crazy&quot; is the best? The people in the story and the story itself are so real.. I strongly recommend it to others.
1559408898|4.0|I bought the criterion edition of Robocop because I've always enjoyed that movie, and wanted to have access to some of the extra features that weren't available in the standard version. <br />One of the things I noticed first on the package was that it was a director's cut, and had a few additional scenes that were subsequently cut to avoid an X-rating due to its excessive violence. <br />When I watched this movie, the deleted scenes, or rather the extended scenes, were very apparent. The bad thing was these additional scenes offered nothing to the movie but sickening violence and cruelty. <br />The first extended scene appeared about fiteen minutes into the movie. It was the scene when the ED-209 malfunctions, and slaughters a man, who was randomly picked to demonstrate the unit's arrest procedure. The criterion version wasn't much different than the theatrical one. The only real difference was that the ED-209 fired about 25-30 extra holes in the executive's body AFTER he'd already been killed. <br />Murphy's death was greatly extended, and was painful to watch. There was no need for us to see hi!s hand, arm, chest, and half his brain get blown to bits. <br />More additional scenes appeared near the end, when one of the villains was exposed to toxic waste. In the theatrical release, the guy accidentally steered his van right into a vat of toxic waste. After getting washed out the back door of his van, he staggers around for about two or three minutes, with his skin melting off his bones, before being hit by a car. In the theatrical release, we never actually SAW the car HIT him, we only saw it bearing down on him, before the camera cut to the part where his entrails were splattered all over Clarence's windshield. However, in the criterion edition, you will now see this horrible collision from a side-view, and watch as his head, and every disfigured limb, get torn from his body on impact. I also noticed that the blood on the windshield seemed to be a lot more noticable than the t.v. and vhs editions, which made it even grosser, which I didn't really think was possible.<br />All in all, I'd say Robocop was a very good movie, especially for its genere. However, I found that the added violence only distracted me from enjoying the story. Some people will get this edition because they've got to have the version the director intended, and its presented in its actual 1.66:1 widescreen format. Those aren't bad reasons, especially if you're a film buff. I just found myself enjoying the theatrical version more. And unlike most DVD's, that separate deleted scenes from the movie, by putting them a bonus section or something, these additional scenes have been seemlessly re-entered into the movie. This print is a 'Director's Cut', and the only way to avoid them is to use the fast-foward. <br />For those who want this version of Robocop to have the extra features that the original widescreen version lacks, I'd wait just a little while. MGM now owns the company that made Robocop. And MGM will be releasing a newly re-mastered 'Special Edition' of Robocop on DVD sometime 2002 that will surpass the quality of the Criterion Edition for a more affordable price. MGM has also stated it will be re-releasing Robocop 2, 3, back into the market, along with a new boxed-set not far behind.
B000002J1Y|5.0|This is a true masterpiece from beginning to end. It's YES at it's peak. No matter how many times you hear the heart pounding &quot;Roundabout&quot; or the enchanting &quot;And You &amp; I&quot;, you'll always be transported far away. This music was called progressive almost 30 years ago and it still is with all it's melodic and instrumental complexity and harmonic excellence. But also we are reminded of real music and good musicians as we have to remember that this is a live album in which the YES members played with no aide what so ever (Lip sync or tracks as it's commonly done today). In an era where &quot;plastic&quot; music is on the rise and the likes of The Spice Girls or Brittney Spears are enjoying enormous popularity, I always enjoy the soul cleansing experience of this album from YES who's music has proven to be timeless. If you don't believe me, just sit down and listen to &quot;Close to the Edge&quot;.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|How can you not give a Beatles album five stars? It's automatic. But this album is valuable for only two reasons: as an introduction to the more popular songs of the group, and because some of the single mono mixes (superior, in &quot;Hey Jude&quot; and &quot;Revolution&quot;) are included. The first reason is negligible, since there can't be too many humans left who have not heard these tunes. The second reason is legit, but it means spending fifteen bucks for two or three songs. Not fair! Capitol/Apple and the remaining Beatles would do much better to release the &quot;white album&quot; demos, or the Christmas album, or re-cut the &quot;Get Back&quot; sessions into a two-disc set (one of rehearsals, jams, chatter, and one un-Phil Spectorized, newly made and mixed finished album)than to re-release the same old stuff. Although this is essentially designed as a companion piece to the excellent &quot;Beatles Anthology&quot; book, it borders on exploitation. I'm not buying it.
B00003CXE7|2.0|&quot;Gladiator&quot; tries so hard to become an epic of sorts.  After all, Ridley Scott's drama revives a genre long thought to be dead: the ancient Roman gladiatorial epic.  Now, I don't even like &quot;Spartacus&quot; all that much, and &quot;Gladiator&quot; thinks it can be &quot;Spartacus&quot;.  It's no &quot;Spartacus&quot;.  Lacking sufficient character development, &quot;Gladiator&quot; relies on gruesome action sequences to divert attention.  The fact is, &quot;Gladiator&quot; is all flair and no substance.  The main reason for this is there is a lack of motivation for its protagonist, Maximus (Russell Crowe).  We don't see a real clear reason for his actions.  Joaquin Phoenix is just plain annoying on the screen, and all in all this film was simply disappointing.  I'm sure most people won't find this review helpful, because I'm criticizing a movie that was very well-liked.  But, this film just didn't do it for me.  The WWF-style fight scenes were ridiculous and unnecessarily gory. Sure, it's worth a viewing, but I doubt you'll think it's worth repeat viewings and therefore, I suggest renting the DVD before buying.
052594527X|4.0|F Period  9th grade English Girls Preparatory School Chattanooga, TN<br /> In Girl With a Pearl Earring by Tracy Chevalier, a variety of readers is captured into the life of a young, Protestant girl in Delft, Holland.  For the young female audience, this enchanting novel demonstrates how a teenage girl deals with love, religion, and marriage circumstances.  For the artistic audience, Chevalier provides detailed descriptions of the famous painter Johannes Vermeer and his techniques.  For the historical audience, the exquisite depiction of the city of Delft and the everyday life of the 17th century in Holland should grab their attention.  The story captivates anyone's interest with its intriguing romance and mystery.   Contrasting religious customs cause Griet, the main character, to feel out of place in Vermeer's household, and his family members' attitudes toward her reclusive lifestyle is a conflict.  However, a strong admiration develops between Griet and Vermeer. He slowly begins to dray her into his world of art. Her wonder stems to a secret love that will never become, and she is torn between this and her acceptable love of a butcher from a nearby market.   This easy to follow historical novel gives insight not only to art but also perspective into other fields of study.
6304118392|1.0|Without a doubt, the worst movie I ever saw.  I remember sitting in the theatre, looking downwards when coming to another boring inevitable murder, and then turning to a friend, and saying:  someone's going to take this movie seriously and go on a real life murder rampage.  I was right.  Unfortunately.  Sometimes you have to be responsible for your work.  Stone recklessly made this garbage only to make money.  He should have known that some whackos would take this seriously and go out and kill to be popular.<br />I remember the scene where some demonstrators were holding up signs saying 'Kill me' or 'Murder me', and thinking how utterly stupid this movie was, and how stupid Stone thinks his audience is.  I feel so sorry for those real life poor innocent people who were killed by the teenagers who watched this movie repeatedly and then were killed.  They didn't have to die.  What price does freedom of expression come with?  For the innocents, their lives.<br />Have we gone completely mad?
0805062971|5.0|Chuck Palahniuk's debut novel, 'Fight Club', is modern fiction of the darkest calibur.  It pokes into the ribs of our society, making us take notice of 'our generations' downfall.<br />Told from the first person perspective of an unnamed narrator, 'Fight Club' follows his impending demise as he leads his life towards disaster with the help of an anarchic prophet known as Tyler Durden.  Together, they set up fight clubs in secluded basements and carparks where young, white-collar men can take turns to fight each other barehanded, as much as their bodies can take and afterwords, actually feel a sense of accomplishment that they never find in their day jobs.  Yet Tyler Durdens' fight club is only the beginning of his vision and where he intends to take it, only he knows.<br />'Fight Club' is definitely dark in it's vision's of societies apocalypse.  Chuck Palahniuk sends us head first into this this world and is relentless in allowing you to see only bits of it.  This isn't a book for everyone, but for those who can endure the violence and dark imagery, it becomes a fantastic read that is really hard to deny.  I found it great in it's black humor and bleak outlooks on our live's impotence and highly recommend it to any young reader, without words to describe their life's pains.
B000002VMH|5.0|I remember having this cd when I was very young and I wore the  cassette tape out, listening to my favorites like &quot;Walking On Broken Glass&quot; and &quot;Little Bird&quot;. It has become a part of my life, kind of a soundtrack, if you will. It is probably THE album I have had the longest and have listened to over the years without remotely tiring of it. It's such a brilliant piece of work that you CAN'T grow tired of it, instead you only want to listen to it more. Her hypnotic voice and her cool, dark lyrics combine to make her first solo album extremely tasteful and impressive. To me, it's better than Eurythmics, though they were a great band, too. (Anything with Annie is destined to be great.) &quot;Diva&quot; and Annie herself are part of me and will remain so. This is an album that is more than just another cd, it's a journey that will grow with you through time.
B00000HYXB|5.0|A previous reviewer wrote that Tolkien would only live a nightmare by hearing this CD.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  As an avid reader of epic fantasy, Tolkien in particular, and a huge fan of heavy metal, I have to say that &quot;Nightfall&quot; is an incredible blend of songwriting, musicianship, and storytelling.  The inclusion of narratives throughout the album only adds to the task of bringing the listener into BG's Middle Earth.  Hansi's vocal talent is certainly not like 70's glam music, and I would put him up against any singer, yes singer, out there today.  On &quot;Nightfall&quot; the song, you actually feel as though you are sitting in Barliman Butterbur's inn listening to a tale of the Sundering.  And on &quot;Curse of Feanor&quot; Hansi paints a picture of the pain and suffering behind Feanor's betrayal.  I would suggest reading the Silmarillion to gain a fuller understanding of the storyline, but either way, BG provides yet another unbelievable musical masterpiece.
6305718954|2.0|Make no mistake, Stigmata will not challenge your gray matter on any level. Another in a long series of movies apparently put together by music-video directors, Stigmata attempts to cover up its hole-ridden plot with a lot of jump-cuts, cross-fades, and tiresome montages. There are a few interesting visual ideas, but you get the feeling that's the only thing the director brought to the movie, since the screenplay has no real meat. The characters are typically one-dimensional and live only to serve the plot. Many times during the movie, you can see them jump up and walk angrily out of the shot, or deliver a dramatic one-liner and exit (usually to another jump-cut), precisely when the dialogue would force them to say something substantive, or force the screenplay to tip its hand and reveal that there's no real meat to the story. The actors do fine with the roles they're given, but frankly, those roles don't amount to much. Every time this movie comes close to doing something genuine, it hides behind another blaring music-video montage, and ultimately, that's all it has going for it. It gets 2 stars for the mere virtue of being better than the utterly worthless End of Days.
B00000DLVA|4.0|The Cardigans are a very hip band, very wide range of style.  In case you wanted to know what the title track to Playstations Gran Turismo 2 was: It was 'My Favorite Game' by The Cardigans.  Plus, the lead singer is hot!
B00004XOWM|5.0|I am not very big on many of the latest talents (if that is the word to use) in the music business.  But some bands like Stone Temple Pilots and Limp Bizkit really keep it going.  The latest album from Limp Bizkit is a true winner.  &quot;Chocolate Starfrish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water&quot; not only contains some of the band's best music, it is a consistant album that I can listen from start to finish.  The big single of the album is &quot;My Generation&quot; and it is one of the strongest songs on the album but there are some really good songs like &quot;The One&quot; and &quot;Getcha Groove On&quot; that really stick out as well.  The theme from &quot;Mission: Impossible 2&quot;, &quot;Take a Look Around&quot; is on the disc in which the band takes the old TV show theme to a new level.  &quot;Rollin (The Urban Assault Vehicle)&quot; features DMX, Method Man, and Redman in a song that mixes hip hop and metal really well.  &quot;Hold On&quot; is a slower song which features Scott Weiland on vocals and is more melodic than most of their songs.  The album is 100% energy and should be purchased by those that want something that rocks.
B00000I2VF|5.0|Alanis has come up with another SPECTACULAR album!! Some people say that &quot;SFIJ&quot; isn't as good as Alanis' last album, &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;, but I reckon it's HEAPS better! At first I didn't like the album, but then I just kept listening to it and now I love it!! My advice to people who don't like this album at first is keep listening to it, and you will eventually love it as much as I do!!<br />PS. Don't expect too much of the &quot;Uninvited&quot; Demo: it's only Alanis singing with a piano. You're better off buying the &quot;City Of Angels&quot; soundtrack so you can have the real version complete with all of the instruments!!
0684853523|4.0|I wish Stephen King would stop apologizing for his fiction. By specifying actual people as resembling characters in his books (Eric Harris, Dylan Klebold, Bryan Smith) he de-mythologizes his own fiction and it's universal applicability, reducing it to mere grubby current events.
0385484518|5.0|i first heard about the book in Oprah, and vow to purchase it as soon as i able to...that happens after 6 months. I had a friend bought it for me from the united states. And there be NO OTHER book more inspirational for me. It teaches you how to enjoy life's small pleasures and be thankful for what really matters most, to love and be loved. Read the book and i hope that it'll touch you the way it did many people. I learned so much in 5 hours about whats really life's greatest gift.
0375501851|5.0|First time author, Zadie Smith's &quot;White Teeth: A Novel&quot; is such a wonderful and refreshing tale.  I found her to be very funny and extremely intelligent.  Her characters are well rounded and amazingly thought-out.  I really enjoyed her intimate scene development.  For a first time writer, this is a full and powerful book.  I think she's got a real talent and, we should expect wonderful things in the future.  &quot;White Teeth&quot; is worth your time and money.  Make sure you check it out!
0790734850|5.0|You've read the book, see the movie! An you can turn it the other way round as well. These two are just perfect works. Incredibly intense book and gorgeous film noir. Matching cast Spacey/Crowe/Pearce/Cromwell/DeVito, why ask for less! The DVD is a treasure in itself, endless bonus tracks, magnificient image, excellent musical track. If you don't have it yet, ask Santa, or your brother-in-law  or anyone to get it for you. Now!
B000002JSR|5.0|I'll admit up front I prefer the &quot;harder&quot; side of LZ. Why most of the songs on 'Coda' never made it onto other albums is a mystery to me. Some would have saved 'In Through the Out Door'. I can't help but to think that some pan this album purely because it's not considered a &quot;real&quot; album, but a compilation... Then again, I well remember people raving about 'In Through the Out Door' when it first came out, which I suspected was mostly due to the long anticipation for it, as I was profoundly disappointed by it--not a single, solitary solid rocker on it.  Go figure. -- I digress --  Anyway, On the whole, Coda comes across to me as an extension of 'Prescence'.  All the &quot;rocking&quot; ( electric ) stuff is great, with 'Wearing and Tearing' one of the top best LZ songs of all time to my ears.  The best version of 'I can't quit you babe' I've heard is another plus.  It's a shame that the 1978 era tunes weren't on 'ITHOD', as they would've made it a great album...sorta like a cross between LZ III and Prescence.  Don't listen to those hung up on anything other than the music -- This is a good CD.
B00003CWRX|5.0|Real story. Real people. Mann's intense movie will catch your breath for nearly 2,5 hours. Veteran Al Pacino as an overnervous mogul producer of 60 minutes challenging the tobacco industry. Young Russell Crowe, overweight and aged for the part, in one of his finest role. After seeing it, it won't let go. A must have.
6305282927|5.0|As JUD ROD STEIGER overacts,some songs are missing from the original 1943 stage production ,but to tell you the truth nobody cares, because when GORDON MacRAE starts singing the magic stills operates after all these years. GLORIA GRAHAME was fantastic as ADO ANNIE and she really steals the show to all the others.SHIRLEY JONES in her first part was charming.Buy this film,you'll want to see it until you get to know all the songs by heart.Some AMERICAN institution are worth preserving and this is one of them.
B00004YA66|3.0|A sci-fi story for the heart. Most impressive plot where everything falls right in place, no script mistakes, no unnecessary drama. Dennis Every Given Sunday Quaid so human and fun. A perfect film for the whole family.
079073804X|5.0|I brought this movie on DVD because I really wanted to see it and hoping that I would like it and I did. But this movie gave me the chills when I first saw it. I was watching it alone on a rainy day and I enjoyed the whole movie. But what creeps me out about it is that the little girl is possessed by the devil and that is so scary! The DVD restored version is great though. It has some good extras including the theatrical trailer to Exorcist 1 and 2. But the second one doeesn't look very good. I think that this movie is the best out of all three. I would give it more than 5 stars I would give it 10. Let me give you a little warning if you see this movie for your first time you'll have many sleepless nights wandering what's in your room and you'll have a hard time sleeping from seeing this movie. This is one of those movies that might give you nightmares so watch out! When I saw the Blair Witch Project it didn't scare me that much but when I saw this movie it scared me a bunch of times. So if your scared about this movie I wouldn't see it but if you really want to see this movie go get it. I mean I think your suppose to be scared of this movie right that's what it's all about!
0767817710|4.0|You got to be thankful for director Sam Evil Dead Raimi for giving us his vision of modern western. Though more than freshly welcome on its release, this baroque western stands as an example of Raimi comfort with the old western myths.Gene Hackmann is perfect as the bad guy as always, Sharon Stone astonishing in the Eastwood part of woman with no name, and Russell Crowe stands as the repentant former gunslinger, turned into a priest, in chain for almost the entire movie and crawling in mud searching for water. Even without the scene cut in the US between Crowe/Stone, a great piece of work.
1878424114|5.0|This was the first Deepak Chopra book that I read. It definitely changed my life. Although all the &quot;laws&quot; are common sense and things we already know- Deepak helps remind us how important it is to incorporate these principles into our daily lives. I have read and reread this book, loaned it to countless people and given the book as a gift. I highly recommend this book and all of Deepak Chopra's wonderful books to everyone! The changes we can make in our lives using his insights will definitely do us good!
B00004YRQA|5.0|This is a must have, especially the Sony brand memory card. In the past for PS1, I had an Interact &quot;Mega&quot; Memory Card but in the middle of my seasons for sports games and saves for other games it screwed up, multiple times. Sony's memory card doesn't and is a definite have.
B00003CWPR|2.0|This version was corrupted in Zone 1 by US Censors actaing against the vision of the Director.  Unfortunately, having died he wasn't around to rectify the problem in a &quot;Director's Cut&quot;.  The closest to that would be a European version that is uncut -- unfortunately even the European version isn't full screen.  Note that you must have a modern, zone-selectable DVD player to play alternately Zone'd movies.  Make sure the zone is manually &quot;lockable&quot; as some movies won't play in multi-auto-zone players.  Don't be held hostage by the US censors in the  &quot;land of the free&quot;.<br />-l
0399146253|5.0|I wasn't sure what to expect after reading some of the reviews listed here.  To my surprise and delight &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; is probably one of the best written by Ms. Cornwell.<br />I found the book enthralling - yes it did cover some old ground, however, it is so well written that it only further draws you into the world of chief character, Kay Scarpetta. I believe the deep background presented in this book would only serve to make someone reading Patricia Cornwell's books for the first time, curious enough to backtrack and read the preceding novels.<br />Anyone who has a fondness for this character is sure to love this book.  I truely enjoy the way Patricia Cornwell writes and have read everybook with the exception of the Scarpetta Christmas book.  I look forward to her next book and what Kay, Pete and Lucy will get themselves into this time!  Go Patricia!
B0000042H4|5.0|This is still the standard Ring, and that's enough to make it anyone's first choice, whether others agree with that or not. Everyone compares their favorite recording to this set, so it makes sense to own it first.
B000000OY9|4.0|Neil Young put this album out during the mid-80's, when he was switching genre's with every album.  This is not so much of a synth-rocker as Trans (which was an excellent and under-appreciated album also), but more of Young's interpretation of the mostly-black urban music that was in it's early growth at that time, and which is still a huge presence in the the form of rap and hip-hop.  <br />This is essentially a Neil Young rap album.  Unlike some of his albums, it is clear to the listener who has any understanding of the artist, that this is not autobiographical material.  I think some of the other genre experiments were closer to reflecting Young's take on the world, processed through the various musical genres he chose to use.<br />I have been a Neil Young fan for over 30 years, and have had different reactions to his musical changes over those years.  This is an album you need to listen to a few times before you begin to fully appreciate it.  Like Trans, it's an album you might initially be put off by, but it is really good music.
B00003CWL6|1.0|I can't belive this film won any awards it ripped off so many films before it.To summerize.A used up idea done once again but this time since it was released by a big studio were all suppose to respect it.The film is trying to be artsy but it tries too hard and in obvious ways.In my opinion its the most overrated film to have won the oscar for best picture and to top it off its really bad writting,done in a predictable manner.If you want to see a good movie that it ripped off watch Interiors,Ordinary People,Sunset Blvd,Blue Velvet,and there are many others you can look up.
B000002VMD|3.0|Technically, this soundtrack should solely be known as a \\"Whitney Houston\\" recording for a few reasons.  She dominates the first half of this soundtrack with stirring and powerful songs, while the other half of this soundtrack contains a random mix of artists.  Even when people talk about this soundtrack to this day, they only mention Whitney Houston's name, but they never mention the other artists on this soundtrack.  They make it seem as if she is the only artist on this soundtrack.  Well, that's because Whitney's songs were the ones that made this soundtrack the multi-million selling phenomenon it became when it was released in the fall of 1992.  The other artists are virtually non-existent with their bland and forgettable songs that should not have been included in the first place.  All of Whitney's songs, with the exception of \\"Jesus Loves Me\\", are good songs that reflect the movie's plot about a love that develops between a superstar singer and the bodyguard who is hired to protect her.  The exception that I mentioned, \\"Jesus Loves Me\\", is a random song that does not fit into this soundtrack.  I wonder what relevance or connection this song had with the movie.  The first track, \\"I Will Always Love You\\", is the central driving force and catalyst of this soundtrack.  It's the song that people remember when they think of \\"The Bodyguard\\".  I like Whitney's version of this Dolly Parton classic, but I also think people should check out Dolly Parton's version because it is just as stirring and beautiful (if not more so).  Whitney also does an updated version of the Chaka Kahn classic, \\"I'm Every Woman\\".  This song is a fast-paced and fun affirmation of the power and beauty of womanhood.  It's nice that Whitney gives credit to Chaka Kahn in the song when she says \\"Chaka Kahn\\" a few times in the end.<br />Whitney's vocals are very powerful and the notes she hits are amazing (even if some notes become too much at times and a little too uncomfortable on the ears...\\"I Have Nothing\\").  With this song, and in general, Whitney should reach for more emotion as opposed to seeing how many high notes she can hit and how long she can hold them.  I feel at times the songs are more about the execution of the notes, and not about the potential emotions that are embedded in them.  At times, her singing comes off as too calculated or careful.  I like the emotion and spontaneity I hear instead from Whitney's R&amp;B contemporaries like Mary J. Blige and Faith Evans.  Mary J. Blige and Faith Evans sound more organic in their songs.
B00004XONN|3.0|Kid A... the most eagerly awaited follow-up album since In Utero. I'm not gonna tell ya if it was worth the wait or not, that is for you to decide. I will tell you that Kid A is a mixed bag, an extremely experimental album that yields decidedly mixed results, that are, for the most part, good; if not on OK Computer's level. The best cuts are How To Disappear Completely, Treefingers, and Optimistic (the latter of which sounds the closest to OK Computer of anything on the album). However, some tracks are merely listenable or I am indifferent to (Everything In It's Right Place, Motion Picture Soundtrack), and two are flops in my opinion, and annoying, Idioteque and Morning Bell. What's more, Thom Yorke's are not only still notoriously off-key, but sometimes buried so far in the mix (or sung so strangely) that they are almost impossible to hear at points. This may take some getting used to. It's hard to judge songs that are totally experimental, lacking either melody or typical song structures. Not that that's a bad thing; it's good to hear something other than another boy-band or &quot;rap-metal&quot; single. It's just that it doesn't always work. Due to all these idiosyncraticies, Kid A can be a very difficult first listen. However, subsequent tests will show that Kid A isn't as complex an album as it seems at first. It's simply weird. And there's really no word to describe this album with other than &quot;weird&quot;. It's not as radical a departure from OK as some have said it is, nor is it as keyboard-oriented as some have noted. True, there aren't any guitars on some of the tracks (indeed, on the first three), but it's not like Radiohead used to be a guitar-oriented band anyway (I have never understood the people who labelled them &quot;guitar rock&quot;). That said, if you are looking for the particular guitar style that was featured on OK then get Optimistic, you'll hate the rest of the album. Because this is not OK Computer Part II, nor should we have expectedit to be; Radiohead has always been a band that has evolved. If you're looking for typical rock radio fare (and this isn't anything even close to rock, in the strict classic sense) or are hoping for OK Computer Part II then you can skip this album. But if you are looking for the next step in the evolution of Radiohead then buy this album as many others have already done.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|This is an amazing CD! Christina has almost outdone herself this time! <br />Christmas Time: Great song, definitely one my favorite tracks on the album, this song shows a bit of Christina's R&amp;B vocal skills and I guarantee it will have you dancing!<br />This Year: Christina has gone R&amp;B on this track, this song has a great beat, and it adds a little sex appeal to the 'goody goody' Christmas songs you're used to hearing<br />Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas: Very sweet and beautiful song, her vocals are amazing on this track! This is a song you can open your gifts to.<br />Angels We Have Heard On High: Christina adds a Gospel touch to this song with inspiring vocals, this is one of my favorites because this is a song you can not only dance to but it will have you singing along even if you don't want to!<br />Merry Christmas, Baby: At first, I loved this song, it's BB King meets Christina! After awhile you tend to venture away from this song... its a little too long for it's own good. Overall this song is great, but doesn't capture the Christmas spirit.<br />Oh Holy Night: MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE! This song is unexplainable, you've got to hear it to believe it! She shows off her range very well in this song! This is the best rendition of 'Oh Holy Night' I have heard since Mariah did it on her Christmas album (which I highly recommend)<br />These are special times: A very traditional Christmas track with an R&amp;B touch! Very sweet song, Christina pulls it off well!<br />This Christmas: I love this song! This is a song I could never skip, Christina doesn't sing on this track, she SANGS!! <br />The Christmas Song: although I thought it was a little tacky and lazy to add the same song she recorded last year on the album, it actually blends in well with the album and her vocals are superior! Nice rendition of this Christmas classic.<br />Xtina's Xmas: Xtina? LOL! This is like almost a 2 minute dub of &quot;Christmas time&quot; with more of Hip Hop/R&amp;B flare! I love to dance to this!<br />The Christmas Song (Holiday Remix): What an amazing remix!! This is by far better than the ballad version because this gets you in the mood to dance, and the song really takes all your worries away, it just makes you want to get up and dance!<br />The best thing about this album is that instead of hearing those BORING, slow, miserable, sad, Christmas songs on other albums, you can hear some upbeat and beautifully done classics and original Christmas songs on Christina's album. Christmas is not only the season for giving, but it's also a time to be happy, and if you don't want to hear someone singing 'O holy Night' like the have no hope left, pick this up! This is an above average good Christmas album!<br />....God Bless!
0375703764|1.0|The comparison of this book to the Blair Witch Project is not inaccurate, in that it tries to be innovative and creative but fails horribly, and only ends up being rather empty and unsatisfying.<br />To begin with, the idea of a fictional study based on make-believe tapes of the Navidson record, is new and interesting.  Execution of it, however, falls far far short of good story telling.  The meat of the story takes up only a small portion of the book.  The rest of the space in the book is filled with journal type entries of a character called Johnny Truant (nothing to do with the house), and intermissions of junk that have again, nothing to do with the story.  Danielewski wants you to know that he's capable of quoting Jung, Freud, Homer, and in different languages, too.<br />Most people who tell me they've read the book and liked it, have enjoyed it because it's an innovative and &quot;hip&quot;, bauhaus attempt at presenting a story.  They also like it because of the superfluous material.  Sort of like, &quot;if it's hard to understand, it must be good&quot;.<br />However, this book isn't so hard to understand.  It's simply tedious to read.  It never picks up, never gets scary or creepy, and never fills the hunger a discerning reader feels when s/he picks up a book.  If anything, the subplots distract like hell, and Danielewski's &quot;gimmick&quot; attempts at creating certain effects, like clever text placement, upside words, mirror-imaged paragraphs, annoy more than anything else.<br />Now if I can just find that receipt so I can return it...
B000002AH7|5.0|I found this little gem in the library a few weeks ago... it's just wonderful. It has everything. I don't know what the heck the reviewer was talking about with that &quot;elevator music&quot; thing... if music this great is played in elevators anywhere, please tell me where, because I'll go ride up and down all day!......-koby (I like it better than Kind of Blue)
B000001ELR|5.0|This rocks! Tracks like &quot;I Love It Loud&quot;, &quot;Rock N Roll Hell&quot;, &quot;Danger&quot;, and &quot;War Machine&quot; are so cool. I cannot say a bad thing about this classic album. This album opens with the thunderous title track which is a good concert opener. &quot;Rock N Roll Hell&quot; is a real catchy number with building pressure and cool guitar. The most well-known song off the album, &quot;I Love It Loud&quot; has a solid bass drumbeat which makes it a great footstomper. The best song on the album is &quot;War Machine&quot;. This track is absolutely amazing! Gene is really growling on &quot;War Machine&quot;. This is a classic album that should cannot be ignored.
B00004YA66|5.0|I first saw Frequency not really knowing what to expect. then I saw it, and I knew that it was a real gem of a movie. It is a mix of all films, sci-fi, action, adventure, mystery, suspense, and thriller. It is very easy to understand and the acting is great. When I saw, this, I wished that it was on DVD right away. So when I saw this, I knew that I had to get it. A real treasure that you and your family will treasure for a long, long time.
0679879269|4.0|I loved this book, as I did the first two. The only thing that bothered me was the very sketchy description of the whole Lyra-Will thing and then the conclusion. It was good and all, but agonizing. He didn't even leave any loopholes for you to at least hope that they would see each other again sometime. I was a tad disappointed, but it was a good book nonetheless.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|If you liked his singles and his more guitar based rock numbers, but were too lasy or skint (or young) to buy any albums then this is for you. If your an existing fan however then you should already have them, but that's greatest hits for you. Generally a good cross section of Lenny's efforts and plenty of stuff for ad men to use in car adverts. Personally I think he's at his best with lower key, keyboard based tunes rather than trashing out a guitar solo with Slash, but maybe I'm just getting old. If you never bought any of his albums then this one will do you proud. If you like more diversity then splash out on the albums - It'll be worth it.
B000002H33|5.0|What is possible to say about Metallica's best album?. I agree with all metal's fans this group has done history in music. This is a masterpiece production. When i heard it I can feel the energy that only Metallica can transmit. Songs like &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, &quot;Sanitarium&quot;, &quot;Disposable heroes&quot; and &quot;Orion&quot; are amazing. Nunca antes habia escuchado una banda que sonara con tanta energia y que al mismo tiempo hiciera una musica excelente. James Hetfield es un vocalista unico en su genero, no tiene igual y no solo demuestra su habilidad vocal, sino que al mismo tiempo sus manos hacen vibrar las cuerdas de su &quot;Kramer&quot; con una intensidad espectacular. Kirk ex-Exodus, es tan rapido en sus solos como la pentium mas potente que existe, Lars Ulrich da la impresion de que tocaba desde el vientre de su madre, que fuerza imprime al drums, por ultimo Clif burton el desaparecido bajista deja bien claro en su ultimo trabajo que es uno de los grandes. Ojala y pronto nos sorprendan con un disco como este, aunque incluso a ellos les sera dificil superarlo.
B000002UD1|2.0|After the resounding flop of \\"Some Time in New York City,\\" one of the most hated and reviled albums of the rock era, John Lennon beat a hasty retreat with \\"Mind Games.\\" On this record, gone are \\"Some Time's\\" naive agitprop lyrics and radical left cliches; gone is any trace of Yoko Ono as co-writer or duet partner (?!!); and also gone, sadly, are the great musicianship and exhilirating production. This is the worst set of songs Lennon ever recorded -- one limp, whining apology to Yoko after another. And the production, as my friend Sean MacFalls used to say, sounds like glue. If you're getting into solo Lennon, then stick with \\"Plastic Ono Band,\\" \\"Imagine,\\" and yes, even the notorious \\"Some Time in NYC.\\"
B00004XQP4|5.0|Well first off I have to say i am a hardcore green day fan and love everything the do.  And im not a person to compare what there doing now to what they did in the past and I think dookie is Green Day's worst album.  Heres a rundown of my opinions on each song. Warning- okay song, its a little to repetetive but really catchy 7/10 Blood,Sex and, Booze- Awesome song, great lyrics 3rd best on album sounds a little too much like Hitching a ride though 9.5/10 Church On Sunday - this is by far green day's best track ever, really meaningful lyrics.  10/10 Fashion Victim- this songs good if you dont compare it to the rest of the album 8/10 Castaway- sounds like a song off of insomniac with a feeling of not fitting in 9/10 Misery- i like the intro to it and the lyrcis are amaing but the song is over 5 minutes 8/10 Deadbeat Holiday - this song is amazing, i love the apathy in the song &quot;Celebrate your own decay&quot; 10/10 Hold On - the lyrcis are truly amazing but i just dont seem to enjoy this song a whole lot 6.5/10 Jackass- great chorus but thats about it 7/10 Waiting- an incredible song about waiting for the right moment to come and it sounds awesome acoustic 10/10 Minority - you've all heard it 10/10 Macy's Day parade - this has the best lyrics on the album but the its the same beat throughout the whole song but i think its better than good riddance
0780631684|4.0|Final Destination is another one of the typical teen slasher garbage flicks that we've seen popping up all over the place lately, but for this movie, somehow, it's an exception, mostly due to it's originality and not so cardboard characters. The psycho in the costume who can't run without tripping over something is replaced in this film by something more sinister, something that doesn't make mistakes, and that's Death himself, well, unseen that is. The plot is this: When Alex Browning (Devon Sawa) and his classmates are preparing to take a trip to Paris, he starts seeing weird things, and just before take off, he has a horrible vision of the plane exploding. And after he comes to, he exeriences major deja vu and freaks out, getting him and 5 others thrown off the plane. And before he can even explain to the others why he got them kicked off, they watch as their plane explodes during take off. And while they're all mourning the loss of their friends and are glad to be alive, Death has other plans for the survivors. You see, death has a plan for everybody, and if you alter that plan, another one will come up, making it so you can't get away with it. With that, the survivors start dying by disturbing coincidence, never showing someone killing them, it's all 'accidental'. And because of Alex's incident on the plane, the FBI has their eyes on him, while he tries to survive and protect the others, particularly Clear (Ali Larter) who seems to feel what he feels. However this isn't a movie that just lets you wait until someone else drops dead, there's a lot of paranoia between them as to who will be next. As for the death scenes, they are above average for a teen horror, being pretty graphic at times. And the ending (which i can't undestand why people don't like it) is sort of a shock, a very cool one too. As for the DVD itself, it's great. It has 1 extension of a scene (which is pointless), an alternate ending which is much more happy, unlike the suspenseful one they keptin, and a third scene that is pointless, but would have been very important if they had used the alternate ending. Also on the disc there's commentary by devon sawa and the director, and 2 fun 'games'. The first one tests your psychic ability, and the other one asks questions, and based on your answers, will tell you how long you have left before you die. So overall, great movie, cool dvd.
0399146253|1.0|My days of breaking down bookstore doors to get the next Cornwell book are probably over. I have people standing in line to borrow my book and have told them &quot;forget about it&quot;.  This book was BORING from front to back.  If I want whining and self-indulgence, I can turn on a talk show.  The only consolation is Cornwell's next book has to be better than this one!
B000000OU6|5.0|If you are thinking Guns and Roses, think again. This album is overall more aggresive than anything Guns and Roses has ever done. While being mostly a balls to the wall 1970s hard rock record {think Led Zeppelin and Aerosmith}, it does have some other worthy moments as well. these moments being: the bluesy &quot;baggers and hangers on&quot;, the somewhat trippy &quot;Lower&quot; and the beautifully melodic &quot;Back and forth again&quot;. If you are looking for a solid rock record to save you from this age of boybands and other forgetable teen idols, then this is the album for you.
B00004XOWM|2.0|what a disappointment... this so-called &quot;long-awaited&quot; joint from limp was supposed catapult them further but unfortunately it didn't (at least with me!!). if anything, it just goes to sound off that fred durst is an egomaniac. just because he's the frontman doesn't mean he should be all over the album. he doesn't even give his band members a chance to showcase their talents. without them, fred durst is nothing. his vox suck and his so-called lyrics suck even more. it's the music of wes, lethal, john, and sam that holds limp together as a group. fred durst's so-called lyrical talents and capabilities don't even count. he's just the poster boy for the group as he's always by himself on magazine covers and interviews. <br />it's obvious that this album was rushed production-wise. although i like the hip-hop feel to it, i think limp should stay true to their metal roots and not sell out to the mainstream pop culture...
6304346107|3.0|I expect the best from A&amp;E and I am hardly ever disappointed, but I was with this adaptation of Jane Austen's Emma.  I don't think the characterization was accurate at all!  Every actor/actress was completely different than I had imagined them while reading the novel countless times.  I hate to say it, but I think the Hollywood version was immensely better.  Gwyneth Paltrow was the perfect Emma.  I felt like this version lost so much of the irony and humor that the novel and Jane Austen are famous for.  I do not recommend this version.
B000005RFQ|5.0|While this particular lineup of Black Sabbath didn't last, they left behind one of the best-ever Sab albums. &quot;Born Again&quot; is definitely the heaviest of their career; the whole album is just full-on. When this came out back in 1983, everyone loved it, and it  remains a powerful classic of heavy  metal.
B00003CXFG|5.0|Saw this and was stunned that I missed it in the movies.  More importantly I was impressed with the cast of relatively unknowns and was blown away by Vin Diesels role.  That's a character I would love to see in more movies, i.e., what happens to him after he gets off the planet?  Just don't knnow how the general public and the critics miss this one.  But then agains the Critics usually and rarely get it right anyway.
B000002JS8|5.0|I'm not sure if this is their best one (they have like 17 albums, of which I've only heard two), but that is quite possible.  This is a very solid, heavy album.  It is much more varied than &quot;Back in Black&quot;, and Bon Scott was a much more versatile vocalist.  With this, you don't get a dozen songs that all sound the same.  Not that I don't like &quot;Back in Black&quot;, but it's a bit repetitive.  The title track gets everything started, and it doesn't let up a bit after that.  The slow, creepy &quot;Night Prowler&quot; is a cool way to end the album, also.  Every song is excellent, and the songwriting isn't quite as immature as Brian Johnson's.  Angus Young is a pretty good guitarist, he's no Randy Rhoads, but he gets the job done.  I wouldn't refer to this album as brilliant, but if you like classic metal, this is definitely one you shouldn't pass up.
B00003CXE7|5.0|A dazzingly preformance would be an understatment when talking about a movie such as Gladiator.Russell Crowe is framed for murder of the king which starts a chain reaction of his world falling apart. Starting with his reputation of being a great General. Forced into the ring to battle other slaves Crowe slowly works his way up the ranks of the arena until deafeating the ultimate challenge, the man who framed him. Gladiator is an amazing movie which is retold from a perfect historical standpoint.
B00004WKII|4.0|'South Saturn Delta' was the first disk of Hendrix rarities released by his sister and Eddie Kramer in their effort to restore the Hendrix catalog.  Here are four more disks in a similar vein.  While critics often scorned posthumous Hendrix releases after 'Cry of Love', most Hendrix fans could name tracks on those releases that were big favorites.  I would consider &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot;, &quot;Star-Spangled Banner&quot;, and &quot;Message of Love&quot; essential Hendrix recordings.  Tracks I hadn't heard that really knocked me out include an early version of &quot;Little Wing&quot;, an instrumental early version of &quot;Bold as Love&quot; and a long blues improvisation &quot;Country Blues&quot;.  Nearly all the live tracks included in the set are of high quality, from the late 1966 show in Paris to 1970 Isle of Wight and Maui.  <br />Hendrix dabblers should stick to the &quot;Experience Hendrix&quot; set and serious listeners should have the three studio disks released while Jimi was alive plus the &quot;First Rays&quot; set.  But for those like me who think he may have dropped in from outer space this set is a must.  I'm docking it one star for including too many inferior soundalike alternate takes.  I don't mean to include several alternate early versions on the final disk, such as &quot;Astro Man&quot; and &quot;Freedom&quot;, which are very different from the eventual releases.  <br />Of course the guitar playing is astonishing.  The man thought with his fingers and he's the most harmonically interesting guitar player I've ever heard in any genre.
B000002N2P|5.0|This is green day's best album.  Unlike most other cd's, there is not a song on the album worth skipping.  All 14 songs are a shot of adreniline.  The best songs are Armatage Shanks, Geek Stink Breathe, No Pride, Panic Song, Stuart and the Ave., Brian Stew/Jaded, and the best song on the cd is Walking Contradiction.  And the rest of the songs would be the best on any other green day album, just not this one.
B000002JAX|5.0|Every song is great.  What more can I say?  I have shared this with my friends, my kids, I am online now to order copies for Christmas presents.  We were just sitting on the back porch in Texas, cool fall night, the music coming from inside the house, a drink on the table, cigars ... the perfect evening.  I have seldom heard a singer wrap herself around the lyrics like this woman.  Buy it, put on a log, mix a drink, and listen.  It's heaven!
B00004RHZU|5.0|Read the title. Because that is what sum up her first Cd, &quot;Can't take me Home.&quot; She puts soul and power into her voice and sounds good, especially on the slower songs. Sometimes her image may turn off people because everyone knows she is white doing this kind of music, but her music talent and catchy songs make it worth. Of all new female singers this year I think Pink could be the best. Young, talented and sassy. Just what we need.
B00003652R|5.0|Excellent!<br />Any rock station that does not have Kayleigh as part of it's play list should lose it's license!!
B00003CX5A|5.0|man i love this movie. the plot is great, the atmosphere is superb, and tim burton is a genius. you all know the basic premise: ichabod crane is sent to sleepy hollow to investigate mysterious decapitations and stumbles upon a headless black figure with a powerful steed and a sword with the taste for blood. but what many people dont know is that ray park (darth maul for episode 1, toad from x men) is the man inside the headless horseman. the sword scenes are beautifully choreographed and my favorite part is when casper van dien is dismembered. wow.
B000002H33|5.0|Granted I caught Metallica fever sometime when &quot;Load&quot; was released, I was raised on their slightly more mellow touch to rock thinking they can play.  After purchasing &quot;S&amp;M&quot; I decided to go back in time a bit and buy some of their older stuff, &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; being the first.  At first I thought this has to be another band!  Nope, it is truly Metallica, back in the &quot;just out of the garage&quot; days, playing the same awesome brutal rock they did before.  Just sounding a bit more like a homegrown band, and less like the big metal superstars that they deserve to be today.
0783229526|3.0|it was a good movie but it didn't have enough scenes where you actually see through the eyes of the tripper. rent it.
0385495323|5.0|Fantastic introduction to science of cryptography and it's history.  Goes into a lot of information about how various codes work, how they're broken, and so on.<br />I only have a couple of criticisms of the book, namely that it leaves out some very important encryption systems.  Very little is talked about the coding systems used by the US and the Allies, and by the Japanese, in WWII.  The use of the Navaho language is extensively covered, but the more traditional systems are hardly mentioned.  Also, there is virtually no mention at all about how modern symmetric cyphers, such as DES or the new AES (Rjindael).<br />All in all though, a great read an a good introduction to the field and it's history.
B000000OA6|5.0|When Freddy died, I played the last track, The Show Must go On, over and over again. Knowing what we know know makes this album even more stunning than when it first came out. Innuendo has it all. Like all great Queen albums, it isn't stuck in one style. It has hard driving rock like in Headlong, mystical hypnotic music like in the title track and I'm Going Slightly Mad, and gentle thought provoking songs like These are The Days of Our Lives. It is amazing to think that Freddy was so sick while recording this album. For me this album is a fitting tribute to the late great Mr. Mercury- it shows the strenth, intelligence, showmanship and musical brilliance of one of Rock and Rolls' truly origional bands.
B000002HPT|1.0|I haven't heard any other Dream Theater CDs, and if it wasn't for the fact that I've downloaded some excellent DT mp3s, I would have written them off after hearing this. Song titles like &quot;Take Away My Pain&quot;, &quot;Burning My Soul&quot; and &quot;Just Let Me Breathe&quot; should warn you of what what to expect. So let's see... &quot;New Millenium&quot; - a good rocker, &quot;You Not Me&quot; - weak filler with a lame chorus, &quot;Peruvian Skies&quot; - ok, &quot;Hollow Years&quot; - the ballads on this album are awful, but this is probably the best of the bunch, &quot;Burning My Soul - tedious rock song, &quot;Hell's Kitchen&quot; - good but unmemorable instrumental, &quot;Lines in the Sand&quot; - best song here, reminiscent of Soundgarden circa Badmotorfinger, &quot;Take Away My Pain&quot; - flaccid ballad, &quot;Just Let Me Breathe&quot; - nothing special, &quot;Anna Lee&quot; - feeble ballad, &quot;Trial of Tears&quot; - forgettable epic; part two is a cool instrumental. The lyrics are universally bad, though on &quot;...Breathe&quot; they are faintly humorous. They use stock-melodies and predictable riffs, except during the instrumentals. Some nice guitar solos. I like long songs, but not long BAD songs, and there are too many on this album. The ballads sound distinctly Brian Adamsish. The photos in the sleeve make the band members look like complete drips, and I can't help but wonder if they are. For some reason this disc reminds me of the Tea Party's Transmission album (also bad, but better than this). If you like the Tea Party you could give this album a try. I was lucky enough find this in a library, and so wasted none of my hard-earned money on it.
0375703764|5.0|This has to be one of the most intricate and intriguing novels I have ever read.<br />The plot is a bit confusing at first, it dully drags back and forth between Zampano's story and the story in the foot notes. Untill all the sudden around page 100 the stories start to collide, and both sets of people encounter the darkness and the GROWLING ECHO from beyond the blackness. It leaves you breathless with your heart pounding at an alarming rate. An excellent chill to the bone.<br />The Plot: A house thats bigger on the inside than it is on the outside, and The Author (MARK D.) Almost makes it entirley believable.<br />This is an amazing piece of art and literature, and I say art as well as literature because you should see the actual book itself. It is a beautifully designed cover with an intruguing inside that makes it look difficult to read or follow, but as you get the hang of the twists and turns and upsidedowns and inside outs, it just makes the novel THAT MORE AWESOME, and it makes the book an excellent collectors piece.<br />The reason I would give this an R rating: (ALL OF THE FOLLOWING ARE WRITTEN ABOUT): Nudity, STRONG SEXUALITY, STRONG TERROR, Blood and gore, VIOLENCE, medium amount of language (Mostly from the footnotes story. (THE FOLLOWING ARE PICTURES CONTAINED IN THE BOOK ITSELF): depictions of the wierd houses inside, blood spattered and caked on collages, a semi-graphic cartoon. AND OTHER VARIOUS THINGS.<br />I really hope they plan on making this a movie, im enjoying it more than a movie, and i hope that if they do make it a movie, that they dont ruin it.<br />This book is definitely an excellent art of literature, but beware, this book is not for anyone who cannot handle long stretches of terror and intense subject matter.<br />THis is ACEDOG from THE LUCKYDOG NEWSLETTER: Dont get lost in the dark.
0743200799|3.0|This book, while interesting, is unfortunately a bit of a disappointment.  Mr. Kranz is not a particularly engaging writer.  His prose is rather dry, and the book can be hard to get into.  He also passes my many of the interesting cases in his book fairly quickly.  There are many cases where missions failed, and Mr. Kranz really doesn't do much more than tell you that they failed.  He entirely skips any of the reasons for the failure, or the discovery processes that happened afterwards.<br />Wait for the paperback.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|This cd is absolutly great.  Christina really shows off her voice.  It has lots of r&amp;b, holiday spirit, and pop sounds.  Don't buy this expecting just one type of music.       It is enhanced so that you can put it into your computer and view the Christmas Song video.        My Kind of Christmas is unlike any of Christina's other albums.  She has matured a lot and really put a lot of work into it.  I'd say it's for ages 13 and up.  I enjoy the pop songs and my grandparents enjoy the slow holiday songs.  It's a great cd for the whole family.  If you like Christina Aguilera's music, you should buy this cd.  Also buy it if your looking for a nice Christmas album.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I do not know what all these people are talking about that it sucks. I think three dolla bill ya'll and significant other were good albums, but are not even close to the quality of Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water. Starfish shows a new side of Limp BIzkit. They have evolved while staying with there heavy metal ways, they were not afraid to try something softer. A lot of people say that is stupid, but I think it is an awesome cd by one of today's best.
B00003CWTH|1.0|This is the first time in  years I've taken the time to write a review, that's how much this film stinks. I'd give this film a 'zero' but Amazon limits the choices from 1-5. This movie is a waste of time. The beginning starts out with a review of odd circumstance, as if this work should be watched with that it mind. It doesn't help. The frogs at the end does absolutely nothing for this film, either. Artsy!? Not hardly. Tom Cruise can still play the young hot shot he's been trying to perfect in Top Gun, Jerry Maguire, et. al. I heard he got an Oscar nomination for this?? What, was this another bad year for films, like the year Fargo came out? Do yourself a favor--miss this film--use the time to dig a ditch, spread fertilizer, or clean the toilets at the airport. You'd be better off. <br />Unfortunately, I'm at the end of the reviews and almost no one will see this.
0399146253|4.0|Kay Scarpetta has always been on a journey and Cornwell made sure she had all the twists and turns needed to help you remember all the high points, along the way....No, this isn't the best book Cornwell has written in the series, in my opinion...but it moves Scarpetta,Lucy, and Marino in a new direction...I do believe in the right direction.     The Virginia medical examiner theme has started to get a little old, so having Kay headed to New York with a new job and maybe a new life, &quot;ref. questioning her own sexual orientation&quot;, in this book could bring about a new beginning for Kay and the gang. It is due, I did enjoy insights, glimpses of what Kay was thinking, making her character easier to know and understand. Yes, the ending left me a little unnerved, too short and incomplete, but knowing Cornwell, I guess we will revisit this again on the next journey.    I will always be an avid reader of whatever Cornwell gives us, so she never disappoints, just takes me on a new journey each time.  Hey, go out buy this book, its a new century and a new &quot;Scarpetta&quot;.
0684853523|5.0|This is an exceptional book on writing. One of the best!<br />When I first first bought the book, I thought it would probably espouse all the common diatribes on writing (i.e. write what you know, outline your plot, blah, blah, blah) but I was completely wrong, and pleasantly so. Instead I found a refreshing personal dialogue with the author that unchains you from pedantic conventions and provides sound advice for transforming one's passion into craft, and ultimately into the essence of good writing.  <br />This book is about the core creation of ideas, the key tools to good writing, and the need to focus oneself on the truth as every author sees it. <br />There are many good books on writing (Lord knows I've read enough of them, as I'm sure you have as well) that are formula based. The difference between King's book and these others is that it intertwines the author's life experiences, his passion for the art form, and the development of his story telling abilities with his growth as a living, breathing human being. He literally combines personal experience with hard lessons learned about the craft, book by book, story by story.<br />For example, King often times relates how he connects two disparate ideas and discovers to his amazement that he has discovered an artifact, a fossil in the ground that is the genesis for a creative idea, more compelling than a plot, a situation that begs to be defined. From such events have come his best stories. I dare you to find any other book on writing that so unabashedly describes the events that shaped the author's ideas and learnings about good writing into succesful novels as succinctly as King does.<br />By interweaving the personal experiences of his past, the tough realities of a single parent home, the allure of addiction, and the love of his family, he demonstrates how he has managed to overcome his demons and routinely tap the muse that sits somewhere between his conscious mind and the far off subconscious in the basement of his mind.<br />On a more technical level he gets to the heart of what is important to bringing one's writing to a new level, what he calls the tool box of writing, that is, the key elements or tools every successful writer must keep omnipresent and sharp to do good work.<br />If you are an apsiring writer you could do far worse than read King's work. (It's a bit reassuring that one of the world's most successful writers had to use a literal spike in his bedroom, not a pin mind you, to hold up all his rejection letters early on in his career).<br />If you are looking for the catalyst that will energize you, push you forward (I know it had that effect on me), and help you overcome the hurdles of what writing is supposed to be about, than I recommend this work to you.<br />If you are a fan ( but hopefully not too much of a fan, ala Misery) than you will still enjoy this close dialogue with a favorite author, an everyday guy who just happens to be very good at what he does, sometimes to his own surprise.<br />Expect the melding of King's own special take on those special moments and observations in his own life that developed the skills and craft that have shaped his work. <br />Expect to be surprised!
B00003CXDG|1.0|This movie was ssssssooooooo bad.  I don't own the DVD or plan to at any time.  I have the first one on DVD because I loved it, but he second one was probably the worst movie I have ever seen.  I usually like John Woo movies, but this movie was presented so slowly.  <br />Except for the opening airplane scene, there was NO action in the first hour.  The second hour has action, but John Woo decided to make 90% of the action in SLOW MOTION!  I was shocked.  I go to see an action movie and it is all in slow motion.  Some of the scenes with explosions in the background could have been in slow motion and it would have been fine.  John Woo decided to make every punch, kick, and gunshot in slow motion, like the audience wouldn't be able to follow the action.  Since the first hour was slow, the slow motion in the second hour made the film feel even longer.  <br />The Sixth Sense was really slow in the first hour but it ended up being one of my favorite movies.  The second hour was really thought provoking and I was intrigued to figure out what happens next in the second hour.  MI:2 did not have the same effect on me.  This movie was awful.  <br />DON'T BUY THE MI:2 DVD.  it will be a waste of your money.
0684853523|5.0|This is an exceptional book on writing. One of the best!<br />When I first first bought the book, I thought it would probably espouse all the common diatribes on writing (i.e. write what you know, outline your plot, blah, blah, blah) but I was completely wrong, and pleasantly so. Instead I found a refreshing personal dialogue with the author that unchains you from pedantic conventions and provides sound advice for transforming one's passion into craft, and ultimately into the essence of good writing.  <br />This book is about the core creation of ideas, the key tools to good writing, and the need to focus oneself on the truth as every author sees it. <br />There are many good books on writing (Lord knows I've read enough of them, as I'm sure you have as well) that are formula based. The difference between King's book and these others is that it intertwines the author's life experiences, his passion for the art form, and the development of his story telling abilities with his growth as a living, breathing human being. He literally combines personal experience with hard lessons learned about the craft, book by book, story by story.<br />For example, King often times relates how he connects two disparate ideas and discovers to his amazement that he has discovered an artifact, a fossil in the ground that is the genesis for a creative idea, more compelling than a plot, a situation that begs to be defined. From such events have come his best stories. I dare you to find any other book on writing that so unabashedly describes the events that shaped the author's ideas and learnings about good writing into succesful novels as succinctly as King does.<br />By interweaving the personal experiences of his past, the tough realities of a single parent home, the allure of addiction, and the love of his family, he demonstrates how he has managed to overcome his demons and routinely tap the muse that sits somewhere between his conscious mind and the far off subconscious in the basement of his mind.<br />On a more technical level he gets to the heart of what is important to bringing one's writing to a new level, what he calls the tool box of writing, that is, the key elements or tools every successful writer must keep omnipresent and sharp to do good work.<br />If you are an apsiring writer you could do far worse than read King's work. (It's a bit reassuring that one of the world's most successful writers had to use a literal spike in his bedroom, not a pin mind you, to hold up all his rejection letters early on in his career).<br />If you are looking for the catalyst that will energize you, push you forward (I know it had that effect on me), and help you overcome the hurdles of what writing is supposed to be about, than I recommend this work to you.<br />If you are a fan ( but hopefully not too much of a fan, ala Misery) than you will still enjoy this close dialogue with a favorite author, an everyday guy who just happens to be very good at what he does, sometimes to his own surprise.<br />Expect the melding of King's own special take on those special moments and observations in his own life that developed the skills and craft that have shaped his work. <br />Expect to be surprised!
0792846303|5.0|This little jewel is a favorite when it comes on cable. My wife, a disemboweling film critic, likes to curl up with me and watch it over and over again. For any film, you must suspend disbelief and enter into its world with innocence and goodwill, if you wish to be taken away, which is what the film medium can do so well. Perhaps, this film is not as powerful as The Thing,but it sure has an atmosphere and the soundtrack is great. (Carpenter himself!)
0064407667|5.0|Violet, Sunny, and Klause are three very unlucky children. They are clever, have &quot;pleasent facial features,&quot; and are all very talented in there own thing (inventing, reading, chewing) but there life is struck by disaster when there parents die. Sent to live with the evil Cout Olaf, they find that all he really wants out of them is the forture Violet has inherited for when she comes of age. He cooks up a devious plan and will do anything to get it out of them, anything.<br />I think that this was a very clevery written book. Though it is impossible to figure out what time period it is of what country it takes place I found it to be very entertaining. It's not the happiest book in the world (filled with dark humor) but it's something I would reccomend to all fans (past and present) of Roald Dahl. I hope you enjoy it!
B0000024SI|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums of all time. Like A Roling Stone is Dylan's most famous song, but as great as it is, it's not the best on the album. The 11 minute Desolation Row is an apocalytic work of sheer brillance. Dylan's lyrical creations reached new heights on this brillant album. The Ballad of A Thin Man is quintessial Dylan. It's symbolic, and wonderfully twisted lyrics are great. The title track is very similar to his earlier Subterrean Homesick Blues. Tombstone Blues, Queen Jane Approxiametely, and Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues are all also great number. Pure genius from the man who did it best.
B00004XONN|3.0|This album is nothing to get excited about. When you first listen to it, you may think to yourself: &quot;this is interesting.&quot; Unfortunately, that only happens the first time. Every time after that is increasingly tedious.      A number of articles/interviews have mentioned the fact that there was alot of influence from dance music (especially singer Thom Yorke's appreciation/purchase of the _entire_ Warp records catalogue). Redundant. You don't need to read any of the above-mentioned articles to figure out the people who made this album were listening to alot of (too much) Aphex Twin.      It is plain to see that Radiohead had no intention or desire to create another album like OK Computer. You can't blame them. That album (and the consequential endless hordes of &quot;new, enlightened&quot; fans) caused them so much aggrivation.      This album, Kid A, tries to hard to mask the musical identities of the band. It is plain to see that the guys were trying to distance themselves from the richly melodic themes and orchestrations of previous albums. Unfortunately (for everyone) that's what they're best at doing, they end up doing that anyway. But at the same time, they're making an effort to NOT do it. And so everything is compromised. A saucerful of bollocks.      They're a wonderful band. As such, this album is most assuredly a quality piece of work. But it's nothing near the exceptional work they could be doing if they weren't trying so hard to change themselves.
B00000IPAX|1.0|This album is a prime example of what happens to good bands when they get greedy.  They sell-out and change their music style.  Enema is completely different from past Blink albums in the way the music is not as raw.  It is disappointing.  This clearly enters them into the &quot;pop&quot; instead of &quot;punk&quot; category.  <br />   Say it ain't so fellas'.  I hope the next album has them return to their roots.
B00001OH1S|2.0|The first 3 songs are good.  Sting starts it off (&quot;Windmills of my mind?&quot;) with a bang.  &quot;Sinner Man&quot; is fun.  But, alas, the rest is just elevator music recreated easily by any 14-year-old with a Casio.  (OK, I'm exaggerating; a little)
B000002HMH|5.0|Please, everyone, stop posing as wannabe music critics. You liked Load, or you didn't. Most likely, your sophomoric opinion of the album is no reflection on the worth of the material. Who are you, after all, to criticize? Did you glean the phrase &quot;sell-out&quot; from your subscription to Rolling Stone? From your pseudo-intellectual brew pub buddies? Did you post here simply for a response, or do you have something to say about the music? If you want 8 subtle metamorphoses of &quot;Kill 'Em All,&quot; find a garage cover band incapable of growth.<br />  If you didn't grow alongside Metallica, hold your tongue.  No true (longtime) fan is interested in the &quot;we want more thrash&quot; drivel slobbered from the mouths of neo-&quot;fans.&quot; You are incapable of comprehending the fruition of the sweetest collaboration in the genre.  Do you recognize the term?<br /> The band, Metallica, grew up. The most beautiful part of the equation is, they kept making music. <br />  Mature.
0783237979|5.0|Especially if you have a six-year-old (mine loved it).  I had never seen it before and found it amazing.  Even if you're not interested in the singing, the costumes and make-up are fantastic.  A real classic (Of course).
B000001FDI|4.0|In kireviewer's excellent review, the writer mentions that additional Blind Faith tracks can be found in other places, including Eric Clapton's &quot;Crossroads&quot; box set. Another excellent box set with some Blind Faith rarities is Steve Winwood's &quot;Finer Things.&quot;
B000002U9L|5.0|What happens if you put the mafic and imagination of Jim Henson and the proforming power of David Bowie? Answer? One of the best movies of all time... and a soundtrack to match it. Each track partly by Bowie and partly by Trevor Jones are beautifully blended together to take you on a mystical journey. If you enjoyed the film then you'll LOVE the soundtrack.
B00000JPHG|3.0|After seeing the other Chucky movies, &quot;Bride&quot; really wasn't on my list.  If it wasn't for Nick Stabile, with whom I went to high school with in Colorado, I probably still would not have seen it.  As it turns out, it was a pretty funny flick.  Of course, with any of these types of movies, you can't really take them serious!  The first one was a bit creepy.  Not scary.  Yet stupid.  This one pretty much kept me in stitches.  The concept of how Chucky even came about was clever.  Jennifer Tilly surprisingly did a good job of playing the bride. And given the story line he had to work with, Nick did a great job too!
B00000K3D4|5.0|Jim Henson and George Lucas join forces to bring you one of the greatest stories ever told. Add a little David Bowie to taste and you get one hell of a movie. The &quot;animatronics&quot; are amazing and the music really creates an atmosphere of magic. This region one DVD contains the superb documentary &quot;Inside the Labyrinth&quot; which gives a great insight into Jim Henson's world. A great movie for kids and adults alike. But then, anything Jim Henson ever did was incredible.
0370103386|4.0|This is one of the most fantastic books Ive ever read. Both journeys the spiritual and the physical on which author Robert Prisig takes is absolutely breathtaking. If you want to read one philosophical book read this anf yu will be blown away! <br />The kind of dexterity with Mr. Prisig alternates the metaphysical and the physical journeys is a highly appreciable. After reading this book ine feels strongly to go on a motorcycle journey and be &quot; in the scene&quot; . Equally evocative and beautiful is the introspective journey. <br />After all &quot;the real cycle you are working on is yourself&quot;.  I really hope Mr. Prisig takes out its sequel
0140042520|5.0|Dharma Bums is quite simply the best Kerouac book I have ever read.  I'd advise you not to start out with this as your first Kerouac adventure but read it instead after On the Road.         In Dharma Bums Kerouac's piqueresque tendencies mellow adn he shows a much deeper emotional and religious facet which was largely left unexplored in On the Road.  Descriptions of places times and events are fantastic - gritty but not burdensome as I thought they were in Visions of Gerard.       The book reads well and will calm you to the quick.  This book will change your life, soothe your aches, and show a new world, a world of peace and beauty, to you.
B000002TYX|4.0|...and have it work beautifully.  Anthology 1 is unquestionably the most historically minded of the three releases.  I suspect that the initial backlash to this mindset resulted in the more music-oriented second and third CD sets.  Still, it is not all that bad.  Maybe not the thing for someone entirely new to the Beatles, but potentially a fascinating and fun release for die-hard and casual fans alike.<br />While there is a lot of &quot;talking&quot; on these two discs, there is a big payoff.  There are a lot more unreleased songs on these two discs than the next four in the Anthology series.  This is a real treat for diehard fans, but a lot of it is hit and miss.  Some are great just to listen to, but others have mostly only interest in their historical novelty.  I mean, it is a blast to listen to these very early recordings and very early songs, but they are still poor recordings and inexperienced performances.  Still, just knowing that these Quarry Men would one day become the Beatles instills them with a strong purpose which is very valuable for the listener.  The McCartney instrumental &quot;Cayenne&quot; is a real gem of the batch.  Beyond those amateur recordings, we also get some of their first professional recordings, prior to being signed.  Again, an instrumental really sticks out as a top track, in &quot;Cry For a Shadow&quot;.  The Beatles were so stingy with instrumentals, it is great to see just how good they were in the genre.  We are also treated to 5 of the infamous tracks from the Decca try-out. We get to hear two more of the Beatles very early original songs, in &quot;Like Dreamers Do&quot; and &quot;Hello Little Girl&quot;.  From there, we move into the group's more established career for the rest of the set.<br />Not that everything from here on out is that familiar.  The recovered original version of &quot;Love Me Do&quot; is a treat, as are the attempts at &quot;One After 909&quot;, as song which wouldn't be recorded for release until Let ItBe.  By comparing the two versions, we can really get to see a direct comparison of the Beatles at two *very* different points in their recording career.  Another track to look for is &quot;Eight Days a Week&quot; with a vocal intro.  I like it better than the released version, but it is certainly a more daring way of starting off the song. A great many early takes on songs give the listener a chance to reintroduce themselves to these Beatles classics.  Amazingly, they are almost all worth a listen, featuring different arrangements and performances which can really alter the feel of the song.  We also have a LOT of live tracks, both famous (The Ed Sullivan Show) and significant (the group taking party in a comedy sketch).  The best live tracks are the cover versions, &quot;Shout&quot; being a real high mark.  Actually, some of the best studio takes are also the cover versions.  As talented as they were in their own right, the Beatles had a strong appreciation for their roots in R&amp;B and covered some of the best, if not always well-remembered.  &quot;Leave My Kitten Alone&quot; is a great example of a innovative and spirited take on an R&amp;B classic.<br />There is a lot worth listening to on these two discs.  If you are a big Beatles fan, you probably already have this.  Even if you are a casual fan, though, you can get a lot out of this set if you like the early R&amp;B work of the Beatles.  If not, you might want to look at one of the other Anthology releases before coming to Anthology One.  This is certainly the least accessible to the average casual fan, which makes it somewhat unfortunate that its being the first release overshadow the subsequent sets.
B00004Z459|3.0|This album was \\"great\\" - or so I said when I first bought it.  I listened non-stop for weeks, until, finally, I realized Linkin Park was nothing but a big cliche.  It sickened me to the point where now I can't even listen to them.  They got way too much radio play, way, way too fast.
B000002KHF|5.0|This recording just fits into so many record collections.  You can appreciate jazz, rock, soul, folk, smooth piano touches, slick horn and vocal arrangements, and so much more.  Moondance is a song that is reminiscent of the type of music that was played in the forties and fifties.  Glad Tidings just bops along so nicely you just might find your toes tapping, legs moving, and the general urge to ask your partner to dance.  Caravan and It Stoned Me are two more classics and Brand New Day just sounds so sweet and spirited with some soothing female back up singers.  You just can not go wrong here with the possible exception of you being a metal head or rapper.
0399146253|4.0|Reading a Scarpetta novel is a little like visiting old friends. And in the case of The Last Precince also visiting old enemies. Yes, you must read Black Notice first(and Point of Origin before that) Yes, in the beginning TLP drags a bit as we regroup from the previous book and Kay wallows in her grief and pain for a bit too long (100 pages) BUT, then YES! The books picks up, Kay dusts herself off and gets back to wotk and the rest of the book flies. Twists, conspiracies, vintage Cornwell plots, and forensic detail make this a very satisfying book in the end. The interweaving of this story with the previous two is quite masterful even as it sometimes drags the story. In the end when details are tied up that have been dangling from previous books, along with deeper insight in what makes Kay tick, you are glad you picked the book up. Several new opportunities for Kay to grow as a character in future books are revealed along with the always interesting Marino, who really hasn't changed at all (and do we really want him to?) recommend.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|This is one hell of a movie! Definitely a sub-classic, along with The Hunt for Red October, Run Silent Run Deep, and Das Boot (arguably the best sub movie of all time). It needs to be played on a big screen with surround sound (volume as loud as you can!) to be totally appreciated. Great, believeable story, although not historically accurate, and great performance by Matt McConaughey, who plays the executive officer of the american sub out to raid U571.  Exceptional performance by Harvey Keitel, who plays the Chief Petty Officer of the boat, a salty old World War One sailor who shows no fear in the face of danger. All in all, worth the price of the DVD.
6305736650|5.0|This is one of the best if not THE best movie of all time. A romance set in the backdrop of the biggest war in history. This parallels the struggle within Rick Blaine. The colorful cast combined with a great story line and superb lighting make this the finest love story of the 20th century.  The choice of B&amp;W strengthens the imagery we all have of the people and places in Casablanca. The only weakness would be the special effects of the take offs and landings of the airplanes. This is one of those movies that has something for everyone; romance comedy action drama and suspense. I would rate this tied for the best movie of all time with Citizen Kane, and Absolutely the best romance movie of all time.
0767817648|5.0|Blue Thunder is the fictional story of a high tech helicopter which the government plans to use against the population under the guise of &quot;crowd control from the air&quot; for the upcoming Olympic games.  Some of you may remember Airwolf, or even the short lived Blue Thunder series with James Farentino and Dana Carvey, this is where it all started. <br />Although the plot is kinda lame, this movie boasts state of the art (in 1983) aerial combat action sequences over Los Angeles (L.A. natives will recognize the Piper Tech building, where air support is headqurtered, the downtown cityscape, the L.A. river), and a cool chase scene through the LA River, which like the rest of L.A., is concrete and steel.  Roy Scheider (Murphy), Daniel Stern(Lymangood), and Warren Oates (in his last picture), give great performances, however, Malcom MacDowell's character, a sinister Army Lt. Colonel, is a bit hard to believe.  The real star of the show here is Blue Thunder, a modified 1972 French Gazelle, outfitted with listening devices, video and infrared cams, and an M61 20mm vulcan cannon fitted to the nose. Blue Thunder is able to see through walls, peek down dresses at 1000 feet, and destroy a city block at the touch of a button. Some will notice the similarities to the Apache AH-64, and the cockpit windows are faceted, much like the then-classified stealth fighter. <br />Blue Thunder takes us to that &quot;big brother is watching you&quot; card reminicent of 1984,(which is the year the Olympics were in L.A.) what with its surveillance equipment, and there is even a reference to that in the movie, when Lymangood asks Murphy, &quot;Big Brother, you want it on or off?&quot; referring to the cockpit recorder which records their conversations. &quot;I think we can lose that,&quot;he replies.  <br />The ending battle scene is great, with an awesome finale, and a somewhat chilling epilogue, as the credits begin to roll.  You get the feeling that Murphy has avenged.<br />All in all,a pretty good movie with a bit of techno-sci-fi-thriller.
B00004XONN|3.0|OK.  Radiohead release a follow up to OK Computer and take over the musical world as we know it.  They deserve the success, because they are a truly great band.  Two of their previous albums, OK Computer and The Bends, would definitely rank in the top 20 of the 90s.  But this critical acclaim can also get out of hand.<br />Everyone is claiming that Radiohead's new album Kid A is as groundbreaking, if not more so than OK Computer.  That it is not.  Artists like Autechre and Aphex Twin have been doing this stuff for years, with virtually none of the uproar or recognition this album has received.  And when Aphex Twin and Autechre do this stuff, it sounds natural.  This album sounds a little forced.  I would take the breathtaking soundscapes on Selected Ambient Works, Volume 2, or the beautiful ambience of Amber over this.  I believe they were shooting for that with the best of intentions, but its a hard target to hit.  Unfortunately, they came up short.      <br />That doesnt necessarily make it bad, and im not calling it a piece of crap.  It is a good album.  Kid A (the song) is great, and I really dig Everything In Its Right Place and Optimistic.  The rest is merely mediocre compared to their other stuff.  Perhaps this album will do a good thing and finally give Autechre, Future Sound of London and Aphex Twin the commercial success they so deserve (if they even want it).  If you bought this album and loved it, i urge you to go check out some of the artists I've mentioned here.  If you have yet to buy it, or anything else by Radiohead, definitely go with OK Computer.<br />That's just my two cents, take it for what you will.  I'm just sick of reading these 5 star &quot;Best Album Ever&quot; reviews based solely on the fact that it's Radiohead.  The music should receive the criticism (positive or negative) not the name.
B00004U30D|5.0|Finally, a good movie in the midst of all the terrible stuff they put out today.  The story is awesome, the actors were superb, and the cinematography...I can't say enough about that (it made the movie).  Other than the fact that it is a great movie on the surface, there are so many significant symbols, references, and statements that put it on a higher level.  Most people would say Kevin Spacey's character was their favorite, however, for some reason, Jane was my favorite.  I highly recommend you see this this movie, I regret not viewing it earlier.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I GIVE IT A 4.5 ACTUALLY. ALL 15 SONGS ARE GOOD EXCLUDING THE INTRO AND OUTRO BUT WHO CARES ABOUT THOSE. SONGS LIKE HOT DOG, MY GENERATION, AND ROLLIN ARE MORE LIKE SIGNIFICANT OTHER. LIVIN IT UP IS LIKE A MIX BETWEEN BOTH OF THEIR OLDER CDS. GETCHA GROOVE ON IS AN AWESOME SONG UNLIKE ANY OTHER.  THE ROLLIN REMIX IS AWESOME ESPECIALLY FOR RAP FANS. TAKE A LOOK AROUND (M:I2 THEME) IS ON HERE, TOO. ALTHOUGH SOME SONGS ARE SLOWER, THEY ARE GOOD. THIS CD IS ONE EVERY METAL/ROCK FAN SHOULD CHECK OUT AND A MUST-BUY FOR LIMP BIZKIT FANS!
0553278398|3.0|This is a well-paced engaging story of an innocent man who becomes a fugitive from the state because of his development of a mathematical theory that can predict the future (\\"psychohistorical mathematics\\"). While the protagonist, Hari Seldon, is neither personally appealing nor interesting, and while Asimov's ear for dialogue is as usual obviously weak, this is a work of fiction that works and works very well. If you make it through the first thirty pages you're likely to devour the book in a single day. It's that good. All the other Foundation books also are excellent get-away-from-it-all stories. See for example [[ASIN:0553293354 Foundation (Foundation Novels)]], and [[ASIN:0553293389 Foundation's Edge (Foundation Novels)]]. Similarly fun non-Asimov sci-fi stories are [[ASIN:0345338588 On a Pale Horse (Incarnations of Immortality, Bk. 1)]], and [[ASIN:0060567236 Lord of Light]].
0399146253|1.0|Very disappointed in The Last Precinct. There was little action, way too much time spent in verbal communications and Kay's character seemed to take on a totally different personality than her earlier days. It was bad enough with this &quot;werewolf&quot; character in Black Notice but to rehash him in this latest book....I say lets move along to some new material.
B00004XONN|5.0|This is definetly a unique album. Any complaints are unjustified. It doesn't sound like OK Computer but isn't that what is expected from one of the greatest bands in the world.  They have created a new sound somewhere between trip hop and rock but completely Radiohead.<br />The album is in total harmony.  Each track is crafted to fit into the overwhelming idea of the album.  Kid A isn't about single tracks but the album as a whole.  This is a CD you pop on and 50 minutes later press the repeat button.<br />Magnificent, something to admire and suprise you.
071198042X|1.0|This book was a real disappointment. It barely skims the surface on Freddie Mercury's life, and offers no insight into upbringing, family life, or the influence his Persian heritage had on his development. Freestone gambles on the assumption that the readers will already be well versed on the biographical history of Mercury, which isn't so in my case. I'm left with more questions than answers, and would have appreciated more discussion of his pre-Queen years, the relationships between band members, love interests, and how he dealt with his illness. Information wise this title will leave all but die hard fans out in the cold.
6302293553|5.0|This movie should (if not) be #1 in the movie hall of fame!
6303269842|4.0|I enjoyed this movie (although three hours long) and thought it to be very funny. Gibson was terrific as Bret Maverick, Foster was spectacular and funny, and James Garner played a fine part. I never knew the wild west could be a FUNNY thing! After you watched this movie, I'd bet YOU would want to be in the wild west, that's how good it is.
0679879269|5.0|I am going to turn 18 in 2 weeks. I have started reading my author autographed copy of this book the week &quot;The Golden Compass&quot; came out in France. After 6 years(I think), I have finished &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; only an hour ago. It has left me stunned... If you read it as strictly a fantasy, it will be very disappointing, so if you expect dungeons &amp; dragons(pun intended) look elsewhere. If you expect a deep unrelenting exploration of the theological beliefs regarding human emotion, thought and the sequence of life you will be amazed by this trilogy. None of these books really stand on their own, so read the entire thing and not just one book. There is only one other work I could compare this work to, and that is &quot;The Little Prince&quot;. I was given &quot;The Little Prince&quot; to read by my aunt in russia when I was 8. I did not understand it then, it was the story of a boy from an asteroid for me then. It is much clearer now. The same with &quot;His Dark Materials&quot;. The progress of Lyra and Will from innocence to conscious choice is almost palpable. And the trilogy more than delivers on its promise in the verse beginning of &quot;The Golden Compass&quot; to explore theological issues. The authors view is that religion is the childhood of mankind that passes with the growing up of two children. The growing up from malicious selfish acts in the name of God and oppresion of creativity is expressed in the development of conscious thought. Only through thinking for ourselves do we, mankind, grow up. If I were to begin discussing the symbols, metaphors, personifications and analogies that I have found in the trilogy it would take much more than the 1,000 word limit this review allows, and that is just on the first read. The English used in &quot;His Dark Materials&quot; is plain and mostly unadorned(by adorned I mean Terry Brooks or Victor Hugo), the sentences loud and clear. The book is presented as a young adult book, but it is not forchildren. To recap: BRILLIANT, a true modern classic in the making!
B000002UAO|5.0|It was at this point that they went from merely hitting a home run every time out to REINVENTING THE GAME every time out. Difficult to consider yourself a serious fan of rock music if you don't own from here through &quot;Abbey Road&quot;... !
B00003CXE7|4.0|I read these reviews and see people talking about the gore factor. I was impressed by this movie that with the title it had and hollywood's obsession with gore just for the sake of gore that there wasn't more then there was.The big difference here to me was that they didn't mull over the bloody scenes and glorify them. But what really surprised me about this movie was the way it pulled me in and made me feel,mainly due to the very crafty way in which the scenes were composed, and of course, the talent of the main actor.Anyone remember how the first &quot;Mad Max&quot; movie made them feel? Small budget, big on emotion. Next came Road Warrior- bigger budget, less emotion, then they plopped down that feeble excuse Beyond Thunderdome- biggest budget, flat on emotion. What I'm trying to say here is that Gladiator and it's Director deserve a standing ovation just for being able to pull off a big budget film that still packs a heavy payload of emotion rather then just &quot;wowing&quot; you with a glossy package of special effects. It is well worth the 3 hours it takes to watch this movie.
0446677450|4.0|Robert does a good job of presenting common sense solutions to escaping the rat race.  While his exact methods may be out of date, the idea of generating income outside of your job is sound.  He also stresses the negative impact of spending on credit and buying liabilities (toys) with earned income.  Even though the repetative stories detract from the message, the book is extremely easy to read and provides focus on important concepts that aren't being taught in school.
B00004XOWM|4.0|What... are all these other people smokin sayin that this album(is bad)?!! I think it is a great record and deserves alot of credit. All the songs are new, hip, and fresh. Although the album may not be as &quot;heavy&quot; as the 2 other limp cd's, it's still has very well written songs, excellent harmony, and great music and lyrics in general. This is a VERY GOOD RECORD and deserves to get a litte more attention for it was welly-made, and put out.
B00004XMVL|5.0|If you're smart, you'll watch this video. It's full of exciting scenes. My favorite character is Riddick/Vin Diesel, because he's very brave. Brave enough to fall in an all-out combat cutting an alien's guts out, and, walking right up to one of the aliens stand face-2-face not only an inch away. although rated R, this video has all you need. (Rated R for sci-fi violence and gore, and for language)
B00003CXBK|5.0|Miyazaki's best film (which is saying something, when you consider the excellence of his previous works), a complex, nuanced fantasy that avoids the childish &quot;nature good, man bad&quot; parables favored by our own, shallower, entertainment industries.  Visually stunning, but it is ultimately the power of the story and characters, caught in a struggle they cannot control, which makes this a masterpiece.  No Disney film has ever approached the moral seriousness of this work.
0060273224|4.0|I usually hate stories with teenage girls in them and at the ripe old age of 30 I tend not to like fantasy on the lighter side of things.  I loved this book!  I didn't know it was for young adults when I started and I still don't see why it's labelled as that.  Sabriel battles undead monsters (walking corpses, huge flaming demons etc...) throughout, children are killed and sold to undead creatures, people are sacrificed and there blood is used for dark rituals - that all sounds kind of adult to me, but I'm not complaining, some of those are the reasons I liked it so much.<br />The writing style is very simple, without pages full of description, but at the same time it doesn't seem underdone or choppy.  The world history seems to be well thought out and I love the ideas about magic and the realm of death.  The only complaint I have (and it's a small one) is that most of the problems that came up weren't solved creatively but instead outside help showed up or Sabriel suddenly remembered a spell for just that situation.<br />Great book I'll be looking for those sequels.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Miyazaki's best film (which is saying something, when you consider the excellence of his previous works), a complex, nuanced fantasy that avoids the childish &quot;nature good, man bad&quot; parables favored by our own, shallower, entertainment industries.  Visually stunning, but it is ultimately the power of the story and characters, caught in a struggle they cannot control, which makes this a masterpiece.  No Disney film has ever approached the moral seriousness of this work.
B000002I97|5.0|i bought this album on a whim after hearing &quot;sam stone&quot;.  i had never been a huge fan of the singer-songwriter genre, but this album is excellent.  musically interesting and lyrically amazing. it just leaves me with this feeling, like john prine plucked his songs from the tree of human experience or something like that. he caught the vibe of life - the good and the bad - and put it into the album.  i especially enjoy the second half of the album.
B000002NIW|5.0|A classic, nuff said. Every song is amazingly written, you never get sick of it, at least I don't. It's tough to pinpoint any certain good moments because the record is awesome pretty much the whole way through. But the long outro on Be Quiet and Drive is probably one of the most climactic musical moments ever, you can just feel it building up in your chest every time. Dai the Flu is my favorite however. Anyways, if you don't have this, you need to. I think it's the Deftones best.
B00004XONN|1.0|if you want a textbook example of what is wrong with the state of music today, purchase this album.  if you want to hear good british rock on the other hand, go out and buy oasis or suede.
0784011923|4.0|The Terminator is a good sci-fi movie,directed by James Cameron.It was made on a low budget,and you can tell it,as the special effects weren't all that great,and I don't think the film was originally recorded in stereo either.All that aside,though,it's still a good film.It's got an interesting plot about a seemingly indestructible cyborg called a terminator that travels back in time to terminate a young woman named Sarah Connor.There is also another man named Reece,who travels back in time to protect Sarah,and explains that the terminator wants to kill Sarah to keep her from having her unborn baby.(I won't say who the baby's father is,but it's an interesting twist.)Arnold Schwarzenegger doesn't have many lines,but he is perfect as the terminator.Michael Biehn plays Reece,and Linda Hamilton does a great job as the pretty and naive Sarah.Overall I'd say it's a very good movie,and paves the way for it's excellent sequal.
B000003TAR|5.0|Yes, yes it is. While Nevermind was more of an &quot;impact&quot; album, this was more crafted, better refined, and a lot more pissed off. I think the two albums are almost on the same level, but I still like this one better. All the songs are great (except maybe Radio Friendly Unit Shifter) and flow together very well. If people weren't convinced Kurt was a genius when Nevermind gathered critical acclaim, they were with this one (or should have been). Great album.
6304863543|5.0|James Cameron's Terminator 2-Judgement Day is an excellent sequal,even better than the first Terminator.The plot is basically the same,one terminator(called a T1000)and one protector,a cyberdine model 101 terminator,(just like the terminator in the first film)played by Arnold Schwarzenegger.This time the T1000 wants to kill John Connor after the first terminator failed to kill his mother Sarah Connor(who is in a mental hospital at the beginning of this one)in the first film.The T1000 can take on almost any shape,which makes it nearly impossible to destroy.Of course Schwarzenegger is great as is Robert Patrick as the T1000.Linda Hamilton is back as Sarah Connor,(much tougher this time,though)and Edward Furlong plays John.The special effects are fantastic in this film,especially the T1000.(the budget was somewhere around 100 million,which is about 15 or 20 times as much as the first film,I think.)It is an excellent movie.
B000003TA4|5.0|Screw all the philosophical reviews in which the writer compares the album to his life. This is still an awesome, fresh, influential and angry album. Nearly all the songs are recognizable and are going to be forever remembered by the band's fans, as they should. Long live Kurt.
0792156684|4.0|Titanic is the no.1 movie at the box office of all time.That,however,doesn't mean it's the best movie of all time.It wasn't bad,though.The two main characters,Rose and Jack,are likable,and Kate Winslet(you don't see much of her now) and Leonardo DiCaprio(his latest movie The Beach is awful)are very good in their roles.The part of the movie where Rose and Jack meet and fall in love is good,but it is really just filler material.After that when the ship strikes the iceberg and sinks the movie is excellent and very sad.The special effects are very good,(for 200 million they should be)the sets are great,and it's got a good musical score by James Horner(I think the soundtrack was a no.1 album,but it wasn't that great,just good.)Overall I think it's a very good movie,but I can't see James Cameron making a career out of dramas like this.Maybe he'll get back to making films like Terminator and Aliens one of these days.The DVD is outstanding with an excellent picture and sound,but there aren't a lot of extras.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I saw this move over the summer about a weak after it came out.       Maximus(crowe)leader of the roman army led the opening battle against the goths(early germanic tribe). His great leadership puts him up for the seat as the emporer of rome, but before he can decide, the emporer's son kills the emprorer making him the immeadiate heir. He orders Maximus to be put to death but Maximus escapes and gets put in to a gladiator sept.<br />The movie is very historically correct with nothing historians could criticize. The film is moving leaving you with goosebumps and a sense of pride. I recommend this movie to all history buffs (LIKE ME) or to anyone. I think kids 13 and older are capable of handling this movie there is only blood and violence and no profanity.<br />All Hail Maximus!
6305399212|5.0|Aliens is a great movie.It is James Cameron's sequal to Ridley Scott's Alien.Lt.Ripley,the only survivor of the spaceship Nostromo,is picked up in deep space after being asleep for 57 years.Of course no one believes her story about the alien,and she loses her flight status.While she was asleep,the alien planet was colonized,and when they lose contact with the colonists,they send Ripley(who is understandably very reluctant)with a band of gung ho space marines(who have no idea what they're getting into)to investigate.The movie is a lot faster paced,and not as suspenseful as the first one,but there's a lot more action,and instead of one alien it has hundreds.Of course Sigourney Weaver is excellent,and the rest of the cast including Michael Biehn(who was also in James Cameron's movies The Terminator and The Abyss)as Cpl Hicks,Bill Paxton as Pvt.Hudson,Paul Reiser as bad guy Burke(he just wants the alien to take back to Earth for the weapons division,he could care less about Ripley and the marines),and Carrie Henn as Newt,a little girl who is the colony's only survivor.She brings out the maternal instincts in Ripley.(we learn in this special edition that Ripley had a daughter of her own,but she had died.)As with the first film,the special effects are excellent,(especially the enormous queen alien)and the music,this time by James Horner is just right.The special edition adds about 17 very interesting extra minutes onto the film. Overall,it's an excellent movie and one of the best sequals ever.
6303212263|5.0|Sam Damon Jr.'s October 2, 2000 review--below--of Superman:The Movie, is the best I've ever seen, so all I'll add is that Superman:The Movie and Superman II are the only believable superhero movies ever made, because of an incredible team effort by the producers, Director Richard Donner, the rest of the crew, the cast, the writers, and Composer John Williams.<br />  Look, Ma! No wires!--It's Superman, Forever!<br />  Chari Krishnan  Tango2200@Hotmail.Com
B000005RUG|5.0|Hey what can I say, I have grown up on Metallica, when they came out with this one, I could do nothing but like it.  Although some people like the sound of older Metallica, some say the newer albums are better, personally I like both, but this is one of the better albums, If you have other albums, I say it's better than Load, but worse that, Master of Puppets.  I'll be going now.   Signed with love, (the die-hard Metallica fan)
B0000009UX|5.0|I was a new EC fan a few years ago, coming in with 1996's &quot;All This Useless Beauty&quot; and hanging around since then. A longtime manic fan gave me two words of advice: &quot;Get 'Brutal Youth' and 'Imperial Bedroom'!&quot; I did.<br />Great songs here with &quot;Man Out Of Time&quot; and &quot;The Loved Ones&quot; being my favorites. The liner notes are wonderful as are the extra tracks. (This of course is in reference to the 1994 Demon re-issue.) <br />Wonderful.
078062565X|2.0|King Kong has many problems with it, especially when it came to dinosaurs!  First, brontosaurs were not carnivoris, so why was one eating people in this movie?  Second, just like it's spines, stegasaurus's tail spikes were made of bone, so why did they bend like rubber in this movie?  Other problems with this movie include the claymation (Kong looked like an ape with a rubber suit of armor instead of hair), and when somebody falls and lands in water from that hight, they should be dead.  I don't care how many people didn't find this review helpful, because this is not a classic (especially when the Godzilla series can easily be considered better), and anyone who thinks it is, is blind!
B000000W5L|5.0|Mal reu  sa sortie en 1972, ce disque mrite une attention plus soutenue que bien d'autres efforts discographiques des Stones. Je l'ai achet en 1980. Ca fait 20 ans que je l'coute et c'est le 1er que j'ai rachet en CD (version remasterise, copie de la pochette originale).<br />Que dire? Y a pas de mots. 50 ans de musique afro-amricaine revisits par un groupe de R'n'B anglais. C'est une entit. Il faut couter au moins une face (?) en entier. La premire Blues-Rock ; la seconde country ; la troisime soul ; la quatrime rock, blues, soul.<br />Ce disque sent la transpiration, l'alcool, le sexe. On a l'impression d'assister  une fte o il y a beaucoup d'invit(e)s. La nuit est chaude, l'air enfum. Le ventilateur marche mal. Les guitares se dsacordent avant la fin de la prise. Jagger suffoque. Bill est parti rendre visite  son copain Baldwin.<br />Si vous adorez &quot;Abbey Road&quot;, DON'T BUY THIS! Ici, pas de son propret, pas de hits formats FM, pas de popsongs gentillettes. On se croirait dans un bordel de New Orleans. Ou assis dans les vignes de Virginie ;  la porte de l'enfer. Dans les bras d'une belle inconnue un peu partie vu l'ambiance un peu hard.   Ceux qui ont vu le film reprenant la tourne Stripped comprendront. Quand les Stones jouent acoustique dans de petites salles, ils sont obligs de jouer le tiers de ce disque.<br />Pour la petite histoire, les caves de la maison loue par Keith  Villefranche sur Mer avaient servi de salle de torture aux nazis pednat la guerre. Keith est un grand spcialiste de la 2nde guerre... Bref : ce disque est trange. Si on demand  100 personnes quelles sont les 5 ou 10 meilleures chansons des Stones, il est probable qu'elles ne citent rien d'Exile. Et pourtant, ce disque est le meilleur des Stones.  C'est comme un film (*): on regarde l'ensemble. Chaque titre ne vit que grce aux autres. Un film hard... Un happening foireux et gnial. Une jamsession dcousue et cohrente la fois. Ce disque ne livre ses secrets qu'aprs quelques centaines d'coutes. Et mme Jagger rvle un ct sincre, sans fard. Regardez les photos de Robert Frank pour comprendre. Ce dernier a d'ailleurs tourn un film de la tourne qui suivit. (Censur par les Stones eux-mmes. Evidemment.)<br />FAITES GAFFE : vous en prenez pour 20 ans !<br />((*) Alors que les hitsingles ressemblent  des photographies...)<br />Bon j'arrte...
0375501851|5.0|What a gifted writer, and so young. The diverse nature of the book is amazing. I live in the U.S. but I know all of these people. It took me a month for me to complete this book because it was something to be savored.I didn't want it to end,in fact I'm praying for a sequel. The characters, each where richly explored and I could feel their saddness, passion, anger and frustration with life. Yet, throughout the text was an underlying thread of humor that allows us to laugh at the human condition with all of its flaws. In life there is always a laugh to be had and White Teeth provides many. Zadie, Job well done! Incredible read.
0380973634|5.0|When i got to the end of this book, i didn't want it to be over. This is great storytelling at work, a mixture of fantasy and reality, horror and humor, that ought to convert anyone to gaiman fanship. I recommend this book to anyone brave enough to take the trip with Richard Mayhew through London Below, and experience this wonderful book. I have re-read it several times, and it is always with me.
0800141326|2.0|OK, let me say that I love Sci Fi, I loved Jurassic Park, and actually am pretty fond of monster movies.  That said, Godzilla really sucked.  Whether it's the atrotious acting, the lousy story, or the terrible script; Godzilla sucked.  Just to give you and idea how bad the script is here are a few examples.<br />Part way through they just happen to loose Godzilla.  Would think it would be hard to loose a 200 ft. lizard but they do.  A general claims that he could be hiding in one of the buildings but if that were true wouldn't they just have to look for the building with a big dinosaur shaped hole in it?<br />Another example is when Mathew Broderick determines Godzilla is pregnant by giving it a home pregnancy test.  Enough said.    The only thing that stops me from giving it one star is the amazing special effects and the terrific helicopter sequence.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit offers a great mixture of rap/rock with it's latest release of 'Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water.' It mixes the world of rap with the world of rock. If you are a big fun of both, then I suggest this cd. Two rap cuts, 'Getcha Groove On' and 'Rollin' Urban Assault Vehicle' prove to be nice additions to the already hard rock. Appearances on this cd include, DMX, Redman, Method Man, and Xzibit. If you enjoy both worlds - rap and rock - then this cd is for you. If you enjoy the rhymes of rap and the guitar of rock, then I suggest this cd.
0790736322|5.0|Normally I don't like to use excerps from other's reviews in my own but after reading Peacebm's I felt it was neccesary.  As he puts it, the Excorcist lacks the potency of horror classics like The Texas Chain Saw Massacre.<br />I personally have never seen what is so scary about slasher films and if your idea of a frightening movie is seeing a bunch of half naked girls being chopped into little pieces than the Excorcist probably isn't for you.  <br />What really makes the Excorcist such a terrifying movie is that it sets an incredibly disturbing atmosphere that remains present throughout the film.  It doesn't just through in alot of quick shocks but manages to actually disturb the audience on a level that few things can and make them cringe on the inside.
6301572688|2.0|Pure manipulation without a shred of logic or genuine fun.  It starts out as a good-natured buddy film and it would have been easier to take had it continued in that vein.  However, about two-thirds through the film, director Richard Donner apparently felt that it was time for the audience to stop having fun and start feeling a sense of menace.  He tries to accomplish this by brutalizing and murdering nearly the entire supporting cast of laughing, fun-loving cops who we are supposed to have bonded with because we've seen them playing poker together and sharing jokes about condoms.<br />The introduction of Joe Pesci's character makes no sense at all.  Why would city cops be used to protect a government witness?  Especially two such notorious loose cannons as Riggs and Murtaugh?  And why would he be allowed to remain in their custody given the extremely careless job they do of &quot;protecting&quot; him?  Because the script says so, that's why.<br />I don't necessarily mind it when comedies play fast and loose with logical motivation, or when action films display a bit of a cruel streak.  &quot;Lethal Weapon 2,&quot; however, is an extremely clumsy mixture of the two.
0385334206|3.0|A friend of mine said this was his favorite by Vonnegut so I read his copy.  Personally, I was very disappointed.  I read this one after Galapagos and thought Galapagos was far more engrossing.
0679879269|5.0|This book was amazing. I just finished it only a second ago, and I'm crying. Pullman is a genius with words, feelings, ideas, everything. I only hope that he'll continue writing because I have never read a better book than this, and I have read a lot. This book was better than Harry Potter. I love Harry Potter, but this was more mature, and perfect, and adult. He has created a world(s) that are amazingly realitic and profound. Where anything can happen. I fell in love w/ Will and Lyra, I fell in love with ALL of his characters, and his worlds, and his descriptions of everything. This book had everything going for it. Romance, excitment, action, twists and turns, passion, and everthing came down to one perfectly written conclusion. You must read this book. It will touch you in so many different ways, and leave you feeling like a different person.
0790749998|5.0|I enjoy martial arts movies. Bruce Lee is an idol of mine with his pure martial arts moves.<br />When I first saw Jet Li in Lethal Weapon VI, I was impressed then by his moves. It wasn't until my daughter brought home the movie, Romeo Must Die from the video rental store that I saw the beauty of Li's movements. Being an avid Matrix fan, the special effects didn't bother me a bit. The grace of Li's moves is high art ballet, pure poetry in motion.<br />The plot is not nearly as lame as some movies I've seen lately and in the recent past and I did appreciate the fact that the couple was respectful of each other enough to not want to &quot;make it&quot; in the first 5 minutes of meeting each other. I don't watch movies for the &quot;reality check&quot; factor, I watch them to be entertained, and I was with this movie. I highly recommend it!
B00000IPAX|5.0|I got this cd because i thought that They're singles ruled. I listened to to every track. In my opinion every single track is good. i love this cd and in november I am getting the new album. Blink 182 kicks a--!
6305897786|1.0|Ah, the beauty of a well-formed thought!  For I, my friends, a gate do open, and beyond lies the grassy knoll of Our Souls.  Nothing can compare to the wonderful nature of pureness, for even the wretched cannot abide something pure.  To see this movie is to wake up to the fresh scent of newly ground coffee, only to find out that your cat has chewed every last bite.  To hear the lovely soundtrack is to experience a thousand angels shouting in your ears all in one harmonious bleat, like the goat you owned in your youth which used to sit on a barstool and play harmonica while you danced with youthful abandon.  May you see and experience only the finest in homespun quilted lovelies.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Greenday has down it again. THis cd is a little more fast paced then the old greenday. It is a cool cd taht you canlisten to for whatever reason<br />You will not go wrong if you buy this cd
0676786634|5.0|I'd have to say that after reading all the ambigouosly worded quotations on the back of the book, I was apprehensive when picking up The Golden Compass, the first book in the trilogy.  As with every book, it was adorned with advance praise, which is a nice way of saying &quot;we think you'll like it and I have to go spend the money I got for recomending it to you.&quot;  Still, Pullman was a good author, and so I bought it, and I very much enjoyed it.  I was young (9 or 10, I believe) when I read the first book, and I enjoyed it simply for what was on the surface.  I did the same with The Subtle Knife, and after going to the publisher's site this summer (Randomhouse), I noticed that the third book was coming soon.  I went back and reread the other two books (in two days, no less), and I thouroughly enjoyed them, and moreso, considering that I'd read Paradise Lost on my own time.  After reading The Amber Spyglass, I must say, it is a worthy conclusion to this trilogy, deftly avoiding predictability at every turn, and finishing with a profound truth about life and sacrifice.  Pullamn has kept me enthralled all the way through, and I cannot think of a better, deeper, and more epic story.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I can understand the feelings of some Beatles Fans. Yes, old die-hards -- like myself -- have these songs on 33-1/3 LP, 45 rpms, tapes (cassette, 8-track, and 4-track), and on CD.  So, when a collection of Beatles tunes is re-packaged and re-rereleased, we sigh.  Ah, if only something new would come out of the vaults.  <br />This collection, however, is a little different.  Never before have Capitol/EMI/Apple released all the Beatles number one hits in a single media.  This CD is a musical history of the group, from the start of Beatlemania when &quot;YEAH, YEAH, YEAH. . .&quot; was the rallying cry, to the end of the group amidst constroversy and disillusionment (the 60's finally ended). <br />More importantly, this CD gives the &quot;New Generation&quot; a chance to experience the Beatles -- a rather attractive alternative when one considers the garbage that is being passed off as music these days. <br />This collection is put together in chronological order, so the listener has a chance to experience the Beatles from Alpha to Omega.  The CD is well packaged, and the sound quality is excellent.  <br />This CD is worthwhile for the die-hard Beatles fan, as well as for the new fans getting acquainted with the lads from Liverpool.  Indeed, a Splendid Time is Guaranteed For All and, Yes, the Beatles have passed the audition.
0676786634|5.0|I'd have to say that after reading all the ambigouosly worded quotations on the back of the book, I was apprehensive when picking up The Golden Compass, the first book in the trilogy.  As with every book, it was adorned with advance praise, which is a nice way of saying &quot;we think you'll like it and I have to go spend the money I got for recomending it to you.&quot;  Still, Pullman was a good author, and so I bought it, and I very much enjoyed it.  I was young (9 or 10, I believe) when I read the first book, and I enjoyed it simply for what was on the surface.  I did the same with The Subtle Knife, and after going to the publisher's site this summer (Randomhouse), I noticed that the third book was coming soon.  I went back and reread the other two books (in two days, no less), and I thouroughly enjoyed them, and moreso, considering that I'd read Paradise Lost on my own time.  After reading The Amber Spyglass, I must say, it is a worthy conclusion to this trilogy, deftly avoiding predictability at every turn, and finishing with a profound truth about life and sacrifice.  Pullamn has kept me enthralled all the way through, and I cannot think of a better, deeper, and more epic story.
B00003CXFG|4.0|To sum it up quickly,This is the best Sci-fi/horror film since ALIENS. For the people that give this movie a poor review please name ONE movie in this genre that was better(since ALIENS of course).
0676786634|5.0|I'd have to say that after reading all the ambigouosly worded quotations on the back of the book, I was apprehensive when picking up The Golden Compass, the first book in the trilogy.  As with every book, it was adorned with advance praise, which is a nice way of saying &quot;we think you'll like it and I have to go spend the money I got for recomending it to you.&quot;  Still, Pullman was a good author, and so I bought it, and I very much enjoyed it.  I was young (9 or 10, I believe) when I read the first book, and I enjoyed it simply for what was on the surface.  I did the same with The Subtle Knife, and after going to the publisher's site this summer (Randomhouse), I noticed that the third book was coming soon.  I went back and reread the other two books (in two days, no less), and I thouroughly enjoyed them, and moreso, considering that I'd read Paradise Lost on my own time.  After reading The Amber Spyglass, I must say, it is a worthy conclusion to this trilogy, deftly avoiding predictability at every turn, and finishing with a profound truth about life and sacrifice.  Pullamn has kept me enthralled all the way through, and I cannot think of a better, deeper, and more epic story.
B000023VR6|4.0|I bought this album with some pretty high expectations of what dre could do considering his first album &quot;The Chronic&quot; revolutionized rap.  At first I was disappointed in the album but after listening to it for a while it really grew on me.  Although I enjoy the beats and the lyrics this album seems to have nothing new and revolutionary and does not COMPARE to the original.
B00004XOWM|1.0|1 million in one week? huh!, I listened to this album at the store and it is horrible. My music knowledge is preety vast, and I hate judging something if I havent heard it. Well Ive heard this. If you want some real rock buy Dust for life, The tea party, Live, our lady peace, Fuel,deftones, glassjaw ect. This band cant compete with bands they trash like creed. Creed has talent and can write songs. Fred's voice is corny and he just curses all the time for no reason. To think that i actually though of giving this sorry band a chance. O if ya want some hardcore music go get glassjaw. Scott you should be ashamed of beging on such a boring and tidious ablum. This one should be packed full in the used cd section.
B000003S5H|5.0|Whilst this initially appeared to be surfing the wave of ultra-arch 'loungecore' acts that were trendy in the UK for five minutes in 1998, 'Moon Safari' is much better than that. Far from being an ironic throw-away joke, it's a set of gorgeous semi-ambient musical floatathons, an amalgam of all kinds of easy-listening, electronic mood music styles from the 1970s, with diversions into light jazz ('You make it easy' and 'All I need' in particular). It's happy and sad at the same time - the tunes are usually mellow without being poppy - and is to blame for the revived interest in vocoding, leading to a rash of techno / hip-hop tracks that overuse this effect without mercy. Elsewhere there are tinny strings machines and Light Programme orchestration, but it all works without sounding calculated and cold. Think of St Etienne's better moments, crossed with Tony Bennett, and you're only a little bit of the way there.
6300214400|5.0|Everything about this movie is great. It has an awesome beginning, a great middle, and an even better ending. No matter if it's sci-fi it's still a great movie, and the musical score is even better than Lawrence of Arabia's. The mood of the movie is pretty dark, but that's made up for at the end- who says dark is bad anyway? I really liked all the cool ships too: the Oberth class USS Grissom, the newly introduced Klingon bird of prey, the Enterprise (battle damage and all), the Excelsior (NX-2000, experimental ship with trans-warp), and of course the gigantic Space Dock. Star Trek III expanded on the Star Trek universe more than any other episode or movie had previously done, which is why this movie is as great as it is. We get to see how strong the friendship is between Spock, Kirk, McCoy, and the rest of the crew, and also that of Spock's father- Mark Lenard who reprised his role from the 1967 episode &quot;Journey to Babel.&quot; This movie was also Nimoy's directorial debut, swell job Mr. Nimoy!
0811826848|5.0|This comprehensive book is a real treat for serious, die-hard Beatles fans.  It has a myriad of previously unpublished photographs and all of the photographs in the book are first rate.<br />The book does a real service by covering each band member.  I really enjoyed the &quot;updates&quot; of each surviving Beatle.  The interviews of the three surviving Beatles throughout the 1990s was refreshing and certainly provided unique insights into the (I think) world's number one band. John was quoted extensively throughout the book and the inclusion of John's comments was vital to the construction of the group.  Hailed as the &quot;Chief Beatle,&quot; John, now deceased was certainly a central figure and input by and about him was vital.  These updates provided the reader with a sense of each Beatle; one came away feeling that they had a relatively accurate portrayal of the input and interpersonal relationship of each member.<br />On a lighter note, one smiles at the adolescent hijinks of the Beatles in their pre-glory days.  The &quot;Fab 4&quot; are portrayed as normal kids engaging in typical teenage rebellion and mischief.  In reading a description of George's &quot;sexual rite of passage,&quot; one can almost smile at the sheer adolescence of it.  Ringo, the lovable basset hound eyed drummer describes of a harsh life in the rough Dingle section of Liverpool and of the crowd he ran with in his salad days.  Paul appears to be &quot;prematurely mature,&quot; and John was a natural comic.  John had a WICKED sense of humor and a DELICIOUS gift for the satirical.  He was a riot!  This book does justice to John's work and the compositions he and Paul shared with the world.<br />I loved this book and I would certainly recommend it.  This is a work to be treasured and taken seriously.
6300216802|5.0|In my opinion this is one of the best Star Trek's of all time- it's right up there with the pilot episode The Cage, Star Trek's II &amp; III, The City On The Edge of Forever, Amok Time, Journey to Babel, Q Who?, Tapestry, and Year of Hell (Voyager). It's got a great musical score, great special effects, and a great story... a story which is enhanced by superb acting and intelligent dialogue. Some people might say this movie is boring, but they're probably the same people who thought 2001 was boring... I guess there aren't enought flying limbs or buckets of green ooze spattered everywhere.
B00004Y7SF|2.0|Christina Aguilera has a beautiful voice, one of the most talented ones I've ever heard.  Have a Merry Little Christmas sounded very nice.  It had an Aguilera touch to it and yet still kept the base song.  But 'O Holy Night' was terrible.  I've never heard a song sound that bad.  When she should have belted it, she whispered it, when she should have whispered it, she belted it.  O Holy Night was disastrous.  BUT the other songs weren't too bad on the ears.
0394716787|5.0|In this book,fair efforts inevitably recede to the overall accomplishent of the whole.Poe's innovations &amp; brilliance need not be repeated,but what particularly struck the author of this review is the elegance &amp; learnedness of the great writer,narrating in lively,impressive detail the dreams,aspirations,imagination &amp; fevered frenzy of a soul marked &amp; destined to carry the cloak of night in it's solitary,unending quest of flickering hope amidst the radiant moonlight.                              <br /> But the highlight of this collection are the poems.Poe's passion,his heart strings gently stroked through the stirrings of his soul.Beautiful,elegant,rich &amp; lyrical,intense in their appreciation of loneliness &amp; night,the yearning for a dream within a dream,never wanting to wake up again to a world cold in senseless,painful reverie.A gift of life from the greatest American writer of all time.
B00003CXAT|3.0|Its a great, well thought out,  intelligent, fairly accurate (well, almost) scientific movie for the first hour...then the T-Rex comes out.  All of a sudden every intelligent thing that was building in the first half is thrown out the window, and all we see for an hour are people running from dinosaurs.  It's still a good movie and with some spectacular effects, but overall it seems to be lacking something.  I understand this movie was meant to entertain, but the story starts out like Einstein and ends up like Gomer Pyle.   The DVD transfer is OK, like others noted the flesh tones are inconsistent from scene to scene.  All in all, JP was one of the better movies of the 90's (for what it's worth) and like Spielberg's other man vs. animal flick, Jaws, everyone's gotta see it at once.  Lots of neat extras on the DVD as well!
B000025AJM|5.0|Progresive rock always took on a lot of heat for ruining the true spirit of Rock and Roll, trunning it into an &quot;adults only&quot; matter. A lot of it is very true, but there were also some true talants in the movement. King Crimson, the brainchild of guitar god Robert Pripp, was one of them. In this first release, the band mixes just the right dose of rock, jazz, trippy jams and classical drama to create what is to me, its best and most solid body of work.
078322737X|5.0|George Lucas, despite his recent Phantom Menace woes, is truly an artist of amazing sensitivity and accomplishment, as can be seen in this nostalgic look back at the summer of 62. Unlike most films of this genre, &quot;Graffiti&quot; is much more than a sentimental look back at the happy days past. It is a serious look at different people coming of age and making choices in a closing era. John Milner (played by Paul LeMat) quips that he hates the surfing music as he turns off the Beach Boys on the radio, just one of the many fine touches Lucas manages to fit in the movie. Every scenes seems to celebrate youth while at the same time lamenting its inexperience and lack of wisdom...slowly unraveling the philosophical threads that are woven.<br />The acting is brilliant and personally I have not seen a movie more believable. The documentary style filming that Lucas uses with great skill contributes to this effect.<br />The extra features on the DVD are also top rate. The interviews with Lucas and the cast members about the making of &quot;Graffiti&quot; is a movie in itself... You must know about all the struggles that preceded the release of the film to fully appreciate everything that Lucas manages to do with limited resources. The recorded screentests of the cast members is a great bonus. It is so easy to see why each actor/actress was perfect for his/her role.
0060977493|1.0|I must say, I can't understand the hype about this book.   Boy, Was I disappointed.  Big time.  The book just never did hook me into wanting to finish it.  I couldn't care less about the characters.
0060977493|4.0|Although, difficult to follow at times, it was an interesting book. The use of language is unusual, it wasn't romantisized to sound like alot of the books these days. there was alot of time travel back and forth that made the stories seem disjointed at times. If you are looking for something different and some good laughs, this is it. A lot of characters but what the heck. It also gave an insight into the different social classes in that part of the world and how they affect our lives.   So try it.
0553573403|5.0|I have a voracious reading appetite, especially for books in this genre, and this is the first review I've written.  I am taking the time to write this because the book is absolutely wonderful.  It is going to be hard to appreciate Goodkind and Jordan again after reading this book (and the first in the series). The depth of the characters, the explanation for what drives them, the ability to convey important information without repeating it over and over again throughout the book, the way acts of generosity and love overcome bleakness and bloodshed, is excellent.  This book was riveting - almost impossible to put down.  I can't wait to read the next one. The only disappointing things are 1) Nymeria has not reappeared and 2) the latest maiming of Tyrion - I think that character had enough of a cross to bear without this latest disfigurement.
B00004YW6I|5.0|PJ Harvey has done it again. This album is a blend of her earlier works with a new twist. She has found happiness.However, dont think that this has changed her style of writing, her sexual aggression is on at full force. A landmark change i believe is the opening and ending tracks.Big Exit is an excellent opening song, direct and to the point and rocks hard. Oh my lover, rid of me, tobring you my love, and angelene eached eased you into the album, big exit slams you on through. This cd is a must for every PJ fan.
B000009ED0|5.0|First of all buy this cd before you buy the history of rock so you can get used to him, anyway this cd is the best here are the best songs, bawitdaba I love this song and the choros, cowboy, tight song, devil without a cause,heck I like all the songs. The last thing I like about this cd is that it is a mixture between hard rock, metal, rap, oldies, and hardcore, buy this cd it kicks ...!
6305897786|1.0|or I would be stuck with this. 'The 9th Gate', also known as 'Hooked on Satan', is an intriguing-yet-frustratingly-obscure work.  Johnny Depp, as usual, is fabulous, which is why I continued to watch this film to the bitter [did I say bitter?] end. With tons of symbolism that doesn't lead to any sort of enlightenment about a) the characters, b) the plot, c) the Point of this film, the movie seems to be a really long version of the message: 'The Dark Lord is bad'. A fine judeo-christian message, in itself, but did you have to take 133 minutes of my life to say it?  If you are a hardcore Depp fan, you've probably already seen it [or made plans to]. If not, well....
B00003CX9S|5.0|If you want to know more about the story you can find that in other reviews. But I wanted to comment on one of my favorite movies of all time. I think its the most wonderful sad movie ever made. When I hear friends say it was a depressing movie, well I have to question their character! This movie touches deeper in the heart than any other movie I have even seen. There is one scene in particular, that SHOULD change your thinking forever. And without ruining the scene for you, I'll tell you what it produces, an appreciation for a man who experienced pain upon mistreatment upon despisement, AND, when finally treated with human dignity, showed utter amazement and gratitude with tears and humility. I didn't just wipe away a tear or two when I saw that scene, but sobbed. This is one to watch every year!
B000001FI7|3.0|I agree with everything written here by Portishead fans about the instrumentals, but I found the singer's high pitched voice both highly annoying and inexpressive. I find myself wanting to listen to this CD, but always taking it off again about halfway through, when the voice gets even shriller, the lyrics more and more repetitive. I would recommend that people listen hard to the Amazon sound bites before deciding to buy.
B00004XQP4|4.0|This CD is unbelievable.  If you are going to buy a new CD buy this one.  This is just a great CD, good tunes, good melodies, awesome.  Not your normal Green Day CD, in the sense that its not as fast as some of their other CDs, they sound a little more grown up, feel more comfortable with changing their style a little bit.  I definetly enjoyed it.
B000003BF4|5.0|This LP/CD is another of my top ten favorites. It also ranks (along with &quot;Live At Leeds&quot; by The Who) as one of the best live sets ever recorded. True, there are occaisional technical blips and the sound isn't as clear as a studio production, but it really isn't supposed to be, is it?<br />What you get is a faithful reproduction of the Stones playing their music in concert. It is much different than a studio LP. Subtlety and precision are gone. In their place you get  roughness and ferocity; less perfection and more heat. The song &quot;Midnight Rambler&quot; is a good illustration. The studio version on the LP &quot;Let It Bleed&quot; is a stark, cold piece dominated by Jagger's crafty vocal posing. It's a brilliant performance, full of posturing and vocal nuance. In contrast, the live version captured on &quot;Ya Ya's&quot; is a guitar-driven rocker that sends the audience into a frenzy.<br />The song selection on &quot;Ya Ya's&quot; is a nice mix of tunes. The tour it was recorded from followed the release of &quot;Let It Bleed&quot;, which was preceeded by &quot;Beggar's Banquet&quot;. This is the Stones at their creative peak. Here, you get three classic songs from BB  (Sympathy For The Devil, Street Fightin' Man, and Stray Cat Blues), three numbers from &quot;Let It Bleed&quot; (Love In Vain, Live With Me, and Midnight Rambler), along with the band's two most recent hit singles (Jumpin' Jack Flash and Honky Tonk Women). In addition, you get covers of a couple of Chuck Berry rockers. &quot;Carol&quot;, from the Stones very first LP, and &quot;Little Queenie&quot;.<br />If you're a Stones fan, this is an absolute must-have. In fact, it's a must-have if you're any kind of a rock fan at all. Get it. You can thank me later.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Christina always has a showstopping style, and here she transformed classic songs into amazing recreations. Her voice is just perfect in &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot; and she strikes this incredible high note in the middle (Right before the instrumental interlude.) She truly sounds like an angel on this CD, and though I usually find holiday CDs boring recreations of classics that shouldn't have been ruined, this proved enough individual style and new songs to be deemed simply magnificent!
B00004Z459|5.0|One of the BEST albums I've ever bought.  This band is great on cd and unbelieveable live.  This is a must buy album, with a unique sound you have to experience.  Every song is great (except #11).  Do your ears a favor and buy this album, and see them live if you can.  Support an awesome up and coming band and add this cd to your collection.  You won't regret it.
B000000WCA|5.0|I love The Spice Girls and if you do too, just &quot;Say You'll Be There&quot; for them as a fan. I've got a real &quot;Love Thing&quot; for all the girls. I like to play their CD's one after another so &quot;2 Become 1&quot; My &quot;Mama&quot; even likes them. You don't? Well &quot;Who Do You Think You Are&quot; Even &quot;If U Can't Dance&quot; to some of their songs, don't be a &quot;Last Time Lover&quot; and pan the whole CD. Here's &quot;Something Kinda Funny&quot;, I don't think one group is half as good as the Spice Girls are and that's the &quot;Naked&quot; truth!
B00000JCOV|5.0|Albums like this only get released once every few years (at best).  SK's debut blows away anything on the rap-metal scene and is as intense as any death/black/rap out there.  So everyone can put away their Korn CDs now.  Even Mudvayne can't touch this one.  If you don't own this already, defenestrate yourself for this intransigence.  The demos on the digipak are interesting-the final versions are actually even more intense.  The live version of &quot;Surfacing&quot; is absolutely killer-unless you are absolutely broke get the &quot;Welcome to Our Neighborhood&quot; video!  It's only six bucks so start collecting the change out of the back seat of your car.
0553106635|5.0|If you want a book or series to take you away from the trials of the real world; where the hero or heroine rides a white charger and saves the day; where the nobility are noble and the bad guys are bad, then this book and this series are NOT for you!!<br />What I love about George R.R. Martin is that he writes about real life, in a fantasy realm.  He spares no good or bad moment from the reader.  You suffer the grime of life in the streets, along with the &quot;glitter&quot; of life in nobility.<br />He is also prepared to provide different perspectives to actions or events.  For example, in &quot;A Storm of Swords&quot;, we are given an opportunity to see life through the eyes of Jaime, who in the previous books was unashamedly a bad guy.  Is he now?  He has done some despicable things from a 20th century viewpoint, but now you have his perspective.<br />This book is an excellent continuation of the series, and never allows the pace to falter.  The constant change of protagonist at each chapter means that you never get bogged down anywhere, and you are always eager to get back to the particular plots when that protagonist returns.  (this might frustrate some, but not me)<br />If you're looking for a book or series to keep you through the upcoming Christmas holidays, then I would heartily recommend this.
B00004T8RK|5.0|I think Pearl Jam does not receive the respect they deserve for the work they put out. Pearl Jam is a band that has been around for a long time and they keep putting out quality work.  I just attended their show at the Blockbuster Pavillion in San Bernadino, and they rocked the house. I am only 15 years old but Pearl Jam has that true rock and roll style that gaines my respect for them. Eddie Vedder is a true American hero.
B00004X01U|5.0|I must admit that I was never really interested in Madonna's music, although I respected her for her marketability. But &quot;Frozen&quot; on her last CD did the job and I really liked it. Now MUSIC is truly an excellent CD and that's what I call artistic freedom. MUSIC shows us an artistically free Madonna, going over the top, making music for the fun of it and it works. The title song as simple as the instrumentation and the lyrics are, is captivating...wants you to put on your dancing shoes and party all night long. Usually on a CD you only find one or two songs that are good, but on MUSIC I liked 9 songs out of 10 and that means a lot. &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; and &quot;I Deserve It&quot; are great songs too. Don't be fooled by the cover, it ain't a Country album and it's not really Pop either, instead it's hip artsy techno with some rock elements mixed in--it sounds really good. This CD is a must-have in every CD collection. There you go, girl--nice job!
B00004ZD69|5.0|Just bought this excellent collection last week and I am very impressed.  Only a slight change from earlier GYBE works so older fans will be pleased.  I just can't stop listening to track number two on disc one, amazing!  Unfortunately ther are no tracks with the ranting New Yorker, darn, he was hilarious.
0792839749|5.0|I was a kid when I first saw Chitty Chitty Bang Bang during its first release in the cinemas, and I loved that movie ever since. My kids went through 3 Video copies over the years as they liked it a lot, and I'm glad that we have it now on DVD. The story is about that poverty-stricken inventor (Dick Van Dyke) who comes across this old car and turns it into the flying miracle car Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. He also has two kids and together with a female acquaintance who's concerned about the welfare of his children, they engage in a wild journey as the flying car takes them to a far-away fairy-tale country, with Schloss Schwanstein (in Bavaria) at the center. The king and the queen in this country don't like kids, so the two kids are kidnapped. Overall, this is a fantastic family movie with lots of fun, fantasy, adventure, music and family entertainment.
6302909651|2.0|Sharon Stone can act so it's disheartening to see her talent going to waste in this low rent follow-up to Basic Instinct. She plays a divorced editor who moves in to an apartment where the former resident had been pushed to her death. Who killed her? Was it the mysterious author? Or was it the mysterious man with a penchant for voyeurism? When you see this movie, you'll be saying to yourself, &quot;Who cares?&quot; The mystery is no mystery. The plot is so full of holes that you can't imagine they actually thought they were going to get away with it. The sex scenes are not hot or sexy. If you want to see Billy Baldwin nude, rent this movie, but trust me, his body is not worth all the trouble. You've seen better bodies on Red Shoe Diaries. This movie is just a mess with two redeeming features: Sharon Stone and a great soundtrack. Carly's Song by Enigma is a particular joy.
B0000065O1|3.0|This video is good for bringing together all those exercises you know you should do, but don't, but its not a replacement for cardio work.  The warm-up routine is good, stretching you out and warming you up at the same time.  The &quot;cardio&quot; section is really just a lot of leg exercises in a row, but they are good strengthening/toning exercises.  The arms, back, and abs sections are well-done and well-paced.  Radu (Cindy's trainer) gives some helpful form pointers, which keep some potential injuries at bay.  I recommend this video for someone coming back to exercising after a break, or as a workout to intersperse with cardio tapes, or as a good workout for someone who is more concerned about increasing muscle or muscle tone rather than increasing cardiovascular capabilities.
B00000064E|5.0|this is a truly incredible debut. almost every track is exceptional. cello song is really beautiful,time has told me is another classic featuring great steel guitar work from richard thompson. way to blue has some great orchestration that is not overdone. three hours includes some intricate guitar. fruit tree shows the  profound mystery, beauty and tragedy of drake's tunes.  saturday sun is one of the greatest things he ever did, it seems to me that few people regard this jazzy piece as one of his all time best but it is. the vibes, piano, drums, and bass on that song are terrific, not to mention drake's excellent voice. the man was  definitely one of the greatest of songwriters it is too bad this didn't sell well enough to bring him the acclaim he so richly deserved. try bryter later and pink moon as well,  for there are lots of classics in drake's short catalogue.
B000002N3J|4.0|Well, judging from the past fifty or so reviews (!), I don't think I could say too much that is new, so I'll just give a simple opinion.<br />First of all, yes, some ballads are missing.  Personally, I think that the majority consensus that Crazy for You is unwelcome is right on the mark.  That could have been jettisoned to make room for something else that the general public is unfamiliar with.  Promise to Try and Love Tried to Welcome Me come to mind.  They could have even been daring, and included Bad Girl!  (discuss...)<br />However, you have to give the record execs credit for not leaving behind Oh Father.  The inclusion of that one song frees the complilation from being dismissed as just Adult Contemporary fluff.  And, it's my favorite Madonna song, by the way.  Another good choice was Something to Remember.  It had the misfortune of being on the kitschy Dick Tracy album.  Here, it really shines, even if Madonna can't quite vocally reach those high notes.<br />Some of you think that Live to Tell should have been left off, but it's too good to have been dismissed.  <br />That's enough, for now. :)
B00004XMVL|5.0|This movie is my favorite sci-fi movie that I have ever seen and is my sixth favorite movie of all time.  The special effects are completely tight.  The plot is that these people crash onto a planet and they have to get off.  The only problem is that there is an escaped convict in their group and there is a solar eclipse coming, thats when the creatures come out.  This is a must-see for any sci-fi/creature/alien movie fan.
B000005TQO|5.0|I've known about Laura for quite some time now, and have owned her Spanish-language albums for a couple of years.  Wanting to learn Italian prompted me to buy her music released in Italy.  This album features the original Italian versons of her greatest hits off the first Spanish language album (Se Fue, or &quot;Non C'e&quot;, and La Soledad, or &quot;La Solitudine&quot;).  If you understand Italian, you will notice a slight variation in the Italian lyrics versus the Spanish ones, and that adds more depth to each song.<br />In addition to the Italian versions of many songs from her first Spanish language album, you get to listen to some songs that weren't chosen to be recorded in Spanish.  I can't believe that Dove Sei didn't make the cut for the songs chosen to be recorded in Spanish, while Tutt'Al Piu did.  My only guess is that it was hard to make the lyrics work out in the translation to Spanish.  In any case, this is a beautiful song, equally as strong as Non C'e and La Solitudine.  I also like Mi Rubi L'Anima, which is just as good.  The interesting thing about this song is that it is a duet with a male singer.<br />Baci Che Si Rubano, another song that didn't make the first Spanish album, is the only song on this disc that borders on being corny, &quot;cursi&quot; if you speak Spanish.  However, it's not as corny as the two duds from her second Italian album, namely Cani e Gatti and Anni Miei.  Those two songs are really cheesy!<br />The fourth and final song that wasn't rerecorded in Spanish is the final track.  It's a torch song of sorts, like you might hear in a smoky jazz club.  It's nothing too special, but it's not that bad, either.<br />Yo recomiendo este disco a todos que conocen las primeras canciones de Laura Pausini solamente en Castallano.  Yo creo que les gustara este disco mucho.  Junto con el segundo disco Italiano (&quot;Laura&quot;), tendras la colecion de las canciones mas bellas de ella en Italiano.
0141301104|1.0|This book is a horrid misrepresentation of Paganism and women in general. It is clear that the author is writing from a point of view of ignorance and hate. It promotes stereotypes and the hatred that results from his uneducated opinion. No matter what your views on Paganism might be, this book also celebrates misogyny. Children are prompted to be suspicious and distrustful of their female teachers and even their mothers. This is a loathesome way for the author to sell his uninformed opinions to the public - through children.
B000001EAQ|5.0|POP offers some of U2's best work. Alot of critics and even U2 fans panned the album. Why? I think there was too much hype of this being a techno album when in reality it is classic U2. POP is not a techno album at all. The first three songs offer somewhat of a techno/dance feel but after that it is a typical U2 record. And I think it is spectacular. Gone ranks as one of U2's best songs ever and If You Wear That Velvet Dress is one of the most sexually haunting songs ever (It really gives you chills). This is a must listen. I think it is better than Joshua Tree. It isn't their best record but I'd say it is in the top three .
B000003BDJ|5.0|One of the greatest best hits collection ever made. If you want the best of the stones, get this and Exile on Main Street. Although thats not all the stones have to offer, these two will give you a taste of rock at it's best. Although it did leave off one of my favorite songs, Let it Bleed. Regardless, it has hits such as &quot;Satisfaction&quot;, &quot;Paint it Black&quot; and &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot; definitely three of the best songs ever written. &quot;19th Nervous Breakdown&quot;, &quot;Get off my Cloud&quot;, &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; and &quot;Jumpin' Flash Jack&quot; are great songs. And &quot;Wild Horses&quot;, &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot; and &quot;As Tears go By&quot; are outstanding stones.<br />Buy this! Its definitely worth the money. While you're at it, buy Exile, you won't regret it.
B000001E18|5.0|This album is widely overlooked. With all of the hype about Achtung Baby and The Joshua Tree (which are great albums) we fail to recognize what is in my opinion U2's finest album. Zooropa puts the listener in a dream like state throughout the entire listening. All 10 songs take the listener on a journey. You will find no stadium sing-alongs on Zooropa but you will find your self. This album has had a powerful impact on my life. I can go on forever about Zooropa but would still not be able to completely get across my feelings about the album. The title track which opens the record is U2's greatest song of all time. Once you experience the song you are immediately interested in what the entire album can offer you and trust me, you will not be dissapointed.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|What could result of Lennys biggest packed together in one CD? Simply loved it...
0887307280|5.0|This is one of the few books you must read if you want to go into business. It's called The E-Myth because it addresses the entrepreneurial myth. The book starts off by telling you what a business is not. Having done so, the book goes on to tell you what a successful business is all about.<br />In a nutshell, a successful business is all about systems. A systems-based business is neither beholden to individuals nor at the mercy of their personalities and quirks. It is capable of running on its own without its owner having to be present.<br />An owner who cannot afford to be away from his business is merely a self-employed person. An employee sells time. A self-employed mere buys a job to work in. A real business owner works on the business rather than in it. The book adopts the concept of a franchise as the ultimate objective of all business owners. By aiming to be a franchise in any business you do, you will be reminded of the need to systematise every facet of your business.<br />If you are an employee, have little or no prior experience in business, but are keen to start your own business, you would do well to read this book. There are a lot of things that you should know before taking the plunge. This book will save you a whole lot of heartache and unnecessary aggravation.
6304005490|5.0|The Winter of 1961-62 was a lot warmer thanks to the delightful onscreen antics of Doris Day, Rock Hudson, and Tony Randall, the triumvirate who had made a blockbuster called &quot;Pillow Talk&quot; a couple of years earlier.  Reteamed in &quot;Lover Come Back&quot;, they scored an even greater success this time out. Thanks to a very funny and sharp script penned by Stanley Shapiro, who won an Oscar for &quot;Talk&quot;, and aided by Delbart Mann's smooth direction, &quot;Lover&quot; was the third biggest moneymaking film of 1962, right behind &quot;That Touch of Mink&quot;, another Day/Shapiro/Mann collaboration.<br />Seen today, &quot;Lover Come Back&quot; remains an uproarious comedy about the advertising trade in New York City.  It's romantic, for sure, but it's also insightful, slightly satiric, and very sexy.<br />Doris and Rock play competing advertising agents.  She's professional and dedicated, he's unscrupulous, if necessary, seemingly willing to do anything to land an account. When they finally meet, he pretends to be someone else and therefore she falls in love with him. When she realizes who he really is, the romance flounders, briefly, before a &quot;bundle of joy&quot; brings things to a happy conclusion.<br />Despite decades of crass comments from pundits purporting to know what they're talking about, Doris Day does not play a virgin. As in &quot;Pillow Talk&quot; and multiple other films, she plays a highly successful career woman who refuses to become a &quot;notch&quot; on some man's belt.  There is never an indication that she is an &quot;innocent&quot;, merely that she will not sleep with a man who has attempted to dupe, deceive, lie to or manipulate her. In &quot;Lover&quot;, she offers to teach Hudson how to make love, clearly indicating that she is experienced.  This fails to happen only when she realizes that Hudson, playing Jerry Webster, has been misleading her for two reels. Anyone who avoids seeing a Doris Day film for fear of being exposed to an overage girl scout should give this film a try.  It may well change their preconceived notions. There is a reason why Day was repeatedly voted number one box-office attraction, male or female, as well as being a multiple Golden Globe Award Winner as World Film Favorite and winning the coveted Laurel Award from motion picture exhibitors as top female star for an unprecendented 8 consecutive years.<br />Doris Day and Rock Hudson are perfect together, creating a blend that is a pure delight.  They play every scene with such a sense of joie de vivre, that the audience cannot help but be caught up in the onscreen tale unfolding.  Once again, Tony Randall provides outstanding support, and the remaining cast members including Edie Adams, Jack Kruschen, Jack Albertson, and Ann B. Davis, are each exceptional in their individual ways.<br />Director Delbert Mann has stated that some scenes had to be shot a number of times due to the fact that stars Day and Hudson kept breaking up on camera, going into fits of laughter.  It's apparent from the finished product that that sense of fun has been transferred directly to the finished product.  &quot;Lover Come Back&quot; is a must see comedy treat.sed to an overage girl scout should give this film a try.  It may well change their preconceived notions. There is a reason why Day was repeatedly voted number one box-office attraction, male or female, as well as being a multiple Golden Globe Award Winner as World Film Favorite and winning the coveted Laurel Award from motion picture exhibitors as top female star for an unprecendented 8 consecutive years.<br />Doris Day and Rock Hudson are perfect together, creating a blend that is a pure delight.  They play every scene with such a sense of joie de vivre, that the audience cannot help but be caught up in the onscreen tale unfolding.  Once again, Tony Randall provides outstanding support, and the remaining cast members including Edie Adams, Jack Kruschen, Jack Albertson, and Ann B. Davis, are each exceptional in their individual ways.<br />Director Delbert Mann has stated that some scenes had to be shot a number of times due to the fact that stars Day and Hudson kept breaking up on camera, going into fits of laughter.  It's apparent from the finished product that that sense of fun has been transferred directly to the finished product.  &quot;Lover Come Back&quot; is a must see comedy treat.
6305776369|1.0|Harland Williams, perhaps Superstar's brightest candle, was wasted on this movie and his character never hit its stride. Will Ferrell isn't very funny in any endeavor I've seen and this movie was worse than normal. This is a two joke movie and neither of the jokes is sufficient for more than about 20 seconds of material. The rest is just a cynical, derivative mish-mash that watches like it had a dozen writers, none of them willing to put any effort into the project.<br />The parts that were supposed to be scintillating and over-the-top were instead just so much boring filler. I was going to watch the movie a second time to give it a chance to grow on me, but I just couldn't get through more than a few scenes. Give me Austin Powers; give me Waterboy; but please keep Superstar for yourself.<br />Ugh.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|After reading some of the reviews, I have to tell my opinion on this movie.<br />I watched Das Boot after I saw this movie because of all of the people saying it was not that good, you should see Das Boot, It's more realistic and historically correct. Well, Das Boot was more realistic, which made it boring at some points.  Historically correct, yes, but who cares. If I wanted to watch something about history I would watch Das Boot or the history channel, and U-571 never claimed to based on a true story.  Das Boot did have its moments, but far fewer then the boring parts.<br />U-571 was all action, non stop.  Very entertaining to watch, I even watched it three more times within one week.  The fx are spectacular, and it always kept you wondering how they would get out of their situation.  I recommend this to be part of anyone's DVD or VHS collection.
B00004YA66|5.0|Frequency, starring , among thers, Dennis Quaid, is an awesome mystery thriller that is a must see! I will not describe it in this review because it takes away the fun part, but I will tell you that if you are looking for a good movie to sit down, watch, and enjoy, you'll absolutely LOVE this movie! I love mystery thrillers that are not too scary, and this is the perfect one!!!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|This c/d is a perfect christmas c/d i love it so much buy it you wont be sorry. Christinas voice is so versitile and she hits every note perfectly. Christina pulls off Celine dions 'these are the special times' perfectly ( i personally think the should duet with that song)  BUY THIS C/D YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT
6300213714|5.0|I first seen this when I was 10, I knew then it was cool and I still do.  The action is non-stop with excellent characters to keep it going.  The fights are well done and the subway and central park provide a great setting.  The actors do well with the dialogue. Even though this movie is dated and even silly to most people nowadays, it still is good to watch for nostalgia.
0440234743|4.0|Okay.  I'm a big Grisham fan, but I think he's on again off again with his writing.  My opinion.  The Firm and The Pelican Brief are great; The Rainmaker and The Client were good;  The Partner was okay; and The Brethren was weak. The rest of his books, I've started and haven't finished, so I can't really say.  <br />The Testament falls somewhere between good and great.  I love the characters in the book, and the coming to faith of the main character, Nate, is a great plot.  The only problem I had was the believability of some of the adventure, but hey it's a book.  Go get a copy and have fun!
B000002KCC|5.0|I bought this recently and think it's one of Neil's best, right up there with After the Goldrush. It's a must-have album for any Young devotee, but it may not be the best introduction to his music for a new listener. If you're picking up a Young album for the first time, go with Goldrush - it's a little more accessible and less dark. I happen to like this album's brooding, dark quality, however.<br />Song by song -  Tonight's the Night - A classic anti-drug song. Raw and powerful.<br />Speakin' Out - I didn't like this much the first time, but it's growing on me. World on a String - A good rocker, but not too memorable. Borrowed Tune - great melody, great singing. Come On Baby Let's Go Downtown - one of Neil's all-time best rock songs - Danny Whitten sounds terrific, and the band is really in sync.  Mellow my Mind - great feeling, classic melody. Roll Another Number - It's growing on me, but will never be my favorite. Albequerque - very atmospheric and brooding - I like it a lot. New Mama: Where does he find all these incredible melodies? Sounds almost like CSNY. Great feeling. I like the subject matter as well. Lookout Joe - Doesn't do much for me. Tired Eyes - one of his all time best - as my wife just told me - &quot;There's something addictive about this song.&quot; Tonight's the Night reprise - not different enough from the first one to justify having it on the album. I wish he had put Winterlong (it eventually appeared on &quot;Decade&quot;) here instead. It was originally among the songs he considered having on this album.
B000006NPY|5.0|When I first bought Adore, I was a very big fan of the Smashing Pumpkins.  I had already bought Mellon Collie and played it to death.  Unfortunately, I bought this record expecting that it would be like Mellon Collie.  Well, I listened to it right when I got home, and found myself only liking a few tracks (&quot;Ava Adore,&quot; &quot;Tear,&quot; etc.).  But, as stubborn as I am, I never gave up on this record.  For a long while I tried to get into the other tracks with no success.  Then I just gave up, and left the CD to gather dust.<br />A couple months later, my music tastes had a definite change.  While I still loved the Pumpkins, I had found other great bands like Radiohead and Tool.  Then, one day I popped this CD in and listened in my bed with the lights out.  I almost suffocated myself when I discovered the true beauty of &quot;To Sheila.&quot;  Why did I not notice this beauty before?  I soon listened through the whole album and found myself totally in love with &quot;Adore.&quot;  Even though &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; might have been better, &quot;Adore&quot; is and will always be my favorite Pumpkins album.<br />The songs on Adore are full of heart-aching songs that never leave you.  Some have a obvious techno influence (thanks to Brad Wood of Garabage fame, who co-produced many of the songs), while some songs are just a lonely piano with some distorted guitar in the background.  Clearly, the biggest stand-out track on this album is &quot;For Martha,&quot; a beautiful song that Billy Corgan wrote for his late mother.  It starts out with a fragile piano, but then explodes into one of the greatest rock songs of all time.  The final track, &quot;17,&quot; ends in the middle of a note... making you sure of the fact that the Pumpkins are not going to leave that note unfinished (and they proved just that with Machina.)<br />Adore is a beautiful album that will never leave you after you listen to it.  I'd recommend it to anybody who loves any kind of music.  Ina world of Limp Bizkits and Matchbox Twentys that plague radio-waves like a virus, this record shines above all, yet receives little attention.  Any fan of the Pumpkins both then and now will appreciate this album to the highest.
6304712936|5.0|I was initially skeptical about this movie, but quickly forgot my worries about historical inaccuracies and any possibly long and boring musical sequences. While the whole movie is clearly focused on Mozart's genius, I soon developed a strong empathy with Abraham's Salieri, feeling a compassion I don't usually feel for any fictional characters. Salieri is constantly tortured by Mozart's superior achievements, odiously hating his rival, and yet, respecting him and admiring his work as if divine, directly dictated by God, since he believes Mozart is God's chosen composer.  This struggle has its peak in the simply beautiful 3 minute sequence with Salieri reading the music brought to him by Mozart's wife, mentally hearing every note while standing in hate, envy and awe of his rival's genius, which he understood and loved better than anyone else, and yet, kept reminding him of his own mediocrity as if some sort of God's cruel joke, finally ending with Saliery burning the crucifix while accusing God \\"&lt;..&gt;Because you are unjust, unfair, unkind\\". One of the strongest sequences about the human struggle between corrosive envy and absolute admiration I remember watching in movies.<br />Mozart's unaltered music obviously adds much of the movie's impact, and I'd strongly recommend that you watch this movie on DVD with a good sound system if possible, Dolby 5.1 will be perfect.<br />While normally not my kind of movie, I had to admit I enjoyed watching it, and soon forgot about all the fiction (or at least apocryphal events) being told about Mozart's life; it was never dull, full of humor and worth the 150 minutes, especially for F. Murray Abraham's wonderful performance, that fully deserves the accolades.
B00003CXE7|3.0|This was a movie that didn't quite live up to its potential.  I think director Ridley Scott couldn't make up his mind whether he wanted to shoot a guilty-pleasure toga flick with lots of pointless-but entertaining- fight scenes or an intellectual, historical epic on a grand scale.  What he ended up with were pointless-and only mildly entertaining-fight scenes stuck amongst plot re-treads lifted straight out of Braveheart (with none of the actual &quot;heart&quot;)       As I've said, the story is one we've heard before...  Ruthless yet loyal soldier is double-crossed by the very politicians he has risked his own neck for.  Various members of the hero's family are offed by said dirty politicians (in one of the movie's few powerful and well-done scenes).  Hero then undertakes an against-all-odds campaign to overthrow/destroy said dirty politicians with the help of the common rabble.  Yawn.  <br />  The one plus in this movie is the sublimely understated performance of Russel Crowe, who is able to deliver his corny pseudo-Shakespearian lines (why is it that every movie set in a time period before the 1800s contains Shakespearian dialect, no matter if the movie is set in Elizabethan England or in ancient Rome?) with a modicum of grace, imbuing the corny script with just a bit of decency.  On the other hand is Joaquin Phoenix, a usually fine actor, flubbing the role of the bad guy by playing him as an affected, simpering wuss-boy with an unhealthy (and entirely pointless) affection for his own sister.  His performance makes the final mano-a-mano hero v. bad guy scene at the end seem unbelievable and anti-climactic.  Had his character been outright ruthless and plain Darth Vader-style evil, this movie may have ended on a better note.      As usual, Ridley Scott's directing and accompanying cinematography is spotty.  The haunting battle scenes at the opening of the movie, and the gripping scene involving the death of Maximus'wife and son are (unfortunately) marred by the slow pacing and uninventiveness of the final duel.  The fight scenes, which showed so much promise in the previews and t.v. spots for the movie, are on the whole just good when viewed in that perspective-as advertisements, rather than good movie-making.  Filled with jump-cuts and inexplicable tracking shots counterweighted with jerky, almost hand-held-camera-looking shots ended up being more style than substance; half the time, you couldn't follow what was going on.  Also, some of the CG effects, especially the wide-angle views of Rome and the colliseum, were almost laughingly bad.  It's funny that these shots probably would have wowed me a few years ago; it's just that moves like Titanic, the Matrix, and Star Wars, Ep. 1 just raised the bar for large-scale computer effects so high, that Gladiator has to struggle just to perform a simple chin-up. Ironically, the small-scale special effects (in particular a battle scene involving free-range tigers)were pretty good, and the atmosphere of the movie probably would have been a whole lot more believable if they'd thrown out the hokey, look-ma-no-hands wide-angle shots, which really only take up about 10 seconds of the movie.   The movie is worth renting, and if you're a Ridley Scott or Russel Crowe afficionado, then its definitely worth clicking the &quot;buy&quot; button; if you don't fall into those categories, then maybe you should go with &quot;Braveheart&quot; instead.
B00003CWL6|4.0|As Shannon posted up above be warned this movie will not work with all DVD players. I have a Mitsubishi DD-3000 player and have tried 3 copies of this movie and non of them will work. Of course it will work in my DVD player in my computer which doesn't have surround sound and a big viewing screen. I must say this movie is worth watching if you like a movie with a twist.
B00004XONN|5.0|Oh, please.<br />I keep reading all these reviews condemning Kid A as not being half as good as the &quot;incomparable&quot; OK Computer.  If I remember right when OK Computer came out it received the same response: &quot;How can Radiohead do an album like this after the incomparable Bends?&quot;<br />And for those of you whining about the lack of words in the liner notes, try looking INSIDE your case.  I'm sure you'll find something interesting there.<br />Also, will people please stop alternately hoping that Radiohead will either:<br />A:  Save Rock.<br />B:  Single-handedly kill Rock/Pop.<br />They're very, very good.  But give Thom and friends a break.  If we leave them alone and they continue to put out albums as beautiful as they have been the world will be a better place.  Just don't expect them to save anything.<br />Oh, and Kid A ate my soul.  In my humble opinion its fabulous and baffling.  Just the way I like it.
B00004W55E|5.0|There are three sister's music I have been waiting for years, Anita Baker, Sade, and Rachelle Ferrell.  I'm still waiting on Anita, Sade's release is on November 15, but right now I have Rachelle's CD to play over and over.  My, my, my , but the girl is bad!. Within two week of this release, this CD was on Billboard's top ten jazz list.  From #10 Satisfied that is now getting airtime to the title track #1 Individuality it is all so good. She has the jazzy, R&amp;B, bluesy thing all wrapped in one going on.  One of my favorites is #2 Sista.  But pick anyone of these eleven satisfying cuts and you will not be disappointed.  Sistergirl is back!
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is one of the great new albums to come out by a new band for awhile.  I think it sounds kind of like 311 with a little heavier edge to it.  The two singers work great together and they have a good mix of both of them.  The songs range from heavy with a metal edge to it to more toned down and groove-oriented.  If you like the rap-metal style, you will dig this, but don't expect it to be another Limp Bizkit.  It is more dynamic musically and make sure to pick it up.
B00001R3GI|5.0|First off, Beatles and Stones: apples and oranges. Exile is the quintessential Stones record in my opinion. Sticky Fingers and Beggars Banquet both come close. Let it Bleed suffers from some fluff. But contrary to popular opinion, Exile has no fluff. Even the songs that may seem like filler are actually an integral part of the album's concept. This is not polished or pretty music, was not meant to be, and anyone looking for that here is missing the point. These are not even finely crafted songs in many cases, and that is beside the point as well. Sticky Fingers has a tighter construction as a single album, and more polished songwriting. Same with Beggars Banquet. But there is a key difference here. Sticky Fingers strives to sound like country and blues. Beggars Banquet also strives to capture the sound and feel of roots music. Exile is THERE. Exile IS roots music, the real thing. It's rock and roll. No faking it. There is simply not a trace of the self-consciousness or pretentiousness that sometimes creeps in on Sticky Fingers or Banquet. These songs are so true to their form and spirit, they just ARE the sound they're aiming at. This is because the musicianship, and Mick's vocals, are the most authentic they've ever been. With Sticky Fingers, they were getting close to that Delta blues and country sound, but on Exile they simply became the living essence of that sound in rock and roll. Exile is also far and away Charlie's finest hour as a drummer. One minute he's Memphis, the next he's New Orleans, the next he's Chicago. Every track comes and goes, and the whole record plays like one long road trip on a deserted highway. Some of the more obscure tracks here are actually the finest. &quot;Torn and Frayed&quot; and &quot;Let it Loose&quot; are among the saddest and most soulful songs of their career. This is a raunchy, but also very mournful album, not unlike Sly's &quot;There's a Riot Goin' On.&quot; What makes the writing and musicianship here so first rate is thefact that the Stones were able to STAY OUT OF THE WAY, and let the music speak for itself. The result is a record that hangs together like a concept album, but in a loose and ragged way that only the Stones could pull off with such ease. Again, if you're looking for tighter writing and production, Sticky Fingers and Beggars Banquet are two suggestions, almost like Dylan's Highway 61. But Exile is an environment. As with Dylan's Blonde on Blonde, Exile goes deeper, takes you THERE, to the center of their universe, where we're no longer aware that it's the Stones trying to play blues or country. Exile, and Blonde on Blonde, are two great double albums that you take with you on long road trips.
B00004XPP0|5.0|For a true star wars fan, a person would not care if this would be the third or fourth trilogy set they are buying.  Even for the smallest of fans, who wouldn't want to see the 10 minute feature on the making of episode II.   The force is strong with this trilogy.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Living in the uk can be really annoying. one of the reasons is becos of the delayed release of vhs and dvds in this country. although not owning this film yet, i watched it whilst sleeping in a field at the Glastonbury Festival 2000, and i thought it was fantastic! anyone in the US (or anywhere else in the world) should buy this film. I will . . . . . eventually!!
B00003CXHJ|5.0|For entertainment, realism, action, suspense and technical accuracy ( ignoring the novelized historical story line)  this DVD provides hours of entertainment.  I found myself totally engulfed in the story (I'm former surface Navy) immediately following the movie (excellent home theatre experience) I reviewed all the extra's.  What an additional treat.  Two days later, I found myself watching U-571 again.  This time with the additional background information enjoyed it even more, observering more details missed in my initial viewing.  What a high.  At least one viewing is a must, but with ALL the extras on this DVD makes this movie a definite keeper.
0399146253|5.0|I thought it was her best. I can't wait for the next one.
B00004XPPE|5.0|This film is remarkable in it's own right, and frankly, where Dr. Strangelove can seem rather dated nowadays, &quot;Fail Safe&quot; is still as distressingly and blood curdlingly contemporary as it ever was.<br />The complete lack of music, the hard cuts (no fades), the long, painful close-ups on Henry Fonda, the long silences in the dialog, give this film a stunning verisimilitude, and make it far more absorbing that it might have otherwise been.<br />And if the last 30 seconds of this film do not leave you feeling as if a bomb had been dropped on you... well, it will, believe me.
0688152023|5.0|I've tried everything seems like-- running, swimming everyday, lifting weights but didn't seem to be going anywhere.  I tried this book hoping it can help and it did!<br />The exercises are at first quite challenging--I would feel so tired and sleep a lot!!  They look so simple but they really work you! Now that I am used to them, I finish the workout fast. The results are noticeable.  Everyone comments on how much weight I have lost.  Maybe all the stuff I have been doing worked also but I know I only saw visible results after using this book for a couple of months.
B00003CXFG|1.0|I wanted to see this movie when it was released in the theaters. I am glad that I missed this opportunity and that I am only out the price of a movie rental.  I had heard that it was scary and a very good movie, but it was quite predictable...  Just like other sci-fi movies (supernova) we start out with a spaceship drifting through space... boring.  a meteor shower... boring then the landing on the planet. With characters that you would hope to leave deserted on this planet, which by the way, has oxygen to breathe! What luck! The dialogue is very monotone and the story takes forever to get anywhere. I shouldn't be so hard, but I would have to agree with my wife on this one. 5 minutes into the movie and every minute after that she kept repeating, &quot;This is boring! This is dumb!&quot;  And it's true, it never gets exciting, just predictable. If you are going to make a Space movie, you are going to have establish some sort of excitement in the opening scene. We had to shut it off about 30 minutes into it because it was just unbearable! I might give it a try in the future after I've watched 2001 20 times in a row! Now there's a movie that's a waste of time!!!
B00004YA66|5.0|Don't discount Frequency for it's far-fetched plot.  (A son makes contact with his deceased father 30 in the past using an old ham radio.)  It works for this movie.  After the son of a firefighter learns he can communicate with his father through an old radio, he warns his father of his impending death, and thus changes history.  While this bodes well for them, others soon become victims of a serial killer, who had disappeared before their interference with time.  Father and son work together to solve the mystery of the serial killings, racing against the clock to save a loved one who is now to be the next victim.<br />This movie is a fantasy.  It's about family, and how being ripped apart from the ones you love can affect your life.  It's a heartwarming story, filled with suspense, action, humor, and drama.  There's a wonderful score, and an finale that has to be seen to be believed.  This movie is highly recommended.
0553106635|5.0|If you have a few spare hours and dollars, immediately get yourself immersed into 'Song of Fire and Ice'. No archetypes, no Uber-men, no fluff. Just a wickedly exciting, tear jerking, and eye opening experience. Much like Tad William's with &quot;Memory, Sorrow, and Thorn&quot;, Martin uses his 'fantasy' realm to explore all of our misconceptions about life, our dreams, and our prejudices. As in the first two novels, prepare for the unexpected and be ready to put the novel down and take a break to collect your shattered illusions about the stability of life. Bravo to Mr. Martin. Good luck with the next novel.
0226264017|1.0|This is nothing but lies by a man who understands nothing about economic inequility and favors the oppresion that is pure capitalism
B00004YKUX|1.0|I don't know what the people (reviewers) above me were smoking but this is a very weak and feeble sounding attempt at holding onto one thing that isn't there anymore. His voice.  It comes across as being tired and old.<br />I have always been a Cash fan but I will not be listening to this disk. This is a bomb and I am sorry to say that good old Johnny has walked the line one too many times with this latest production.  It's sad, but true!<br />Love you Mr. Cash.  You were one of the best and it's time to take a well deserved rest.
B0000507PC|5.0|I watched &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; last night and so thoroughly enjoyed it.  I never moved once during the entire movie.  It held your attention the entire time.  It made me laugh out loud, cry, think about my own life, and the fact that this kind of simple love and caring should exist more today in our fast paced, complicated world that fails to remember the little things that really count.  I. too, agree, with some of the other viewers comments that this movie was a far better motion picture than &quot;American Beauty.&quot;  Kudos to John Irving for writing such a beautiful novel.  I also that that the acting was suberb, with all cast members working together to produce this wonderful movie.
0679879269|5.0|I finished the book today.. I would have finished it yesterday, on the day that I bought it, but I had to force myself to put it down at 2am. It's a great book, a very nice conclusion to the series. It's also wonderfully thought-provoking. If you didn't know that he was remaking Paradise Lost before this book, you probably got a few jolts.. you don't read this blatant a criticism of Christianity in a mainstream work. Even though I am a Christian, I find it to be a good thing. There were many good points made -- the existence of the soul as seperate from spirit and body, the daemons, the trip to the world of the dead. Freeing the ghosts from their prison sounds awfully Christ-like to me (returning from the world of the dead, alive). Heaven on Earth and joining a harmonious universe at the end, the nature of sin and the power of love.. these are thoughts worth examining, not dismissing outright. I had no trouble reading this book with my own beliefs intact. If yours are so shaky, then perhaps you shouldn't try. <br />Oh, and as for it being a children's book.. I was given the earlier books by a friend and I had no idea that it was not classified as adult fantasy until I was trying looking for the Amber Spyglass in the adult section. The tradition of categorizing any book with young characters as a 'children's book' is outdated and ridiculous. This is a book for anyone not afraid to think, or to feel. Too scary for children? Lord of the Rings is loved by children and adults alike, despite death, scary things, and a melancholy ending. There is nothing terribly graphic, although it may be hard to follow for the younger readers. Like A Wrinkle in Time and its successors, The Amber Spyglass probably won't be fully appreciated until the reader is older, but it will be a book that they will be glad to revisit and discover new levels within.
B00000D9TQ|3.0|I absolutely love most of Genesis' music.  Together, Phil Collins, Tony Banks, and Mike Rutherford did splendid things.  Apart from Genesis, though, Phil's skills wane considerably.  The solo gig may be more profitable, and there's nothing wrong with that.  But when I listen to my Genesis CDs, like A Trick of the Tail, or the more recent Genesis, Invisible Touch, and We Can't Dance, I hear music that takes me places Phil alone can never hope for.  You throbbing hearts out there keep on idolizing, but you--as well as Phil Collins--are settling for something far less than what we could enjoy if Genesis could reunite!
0452281881|4.0|A very fun little novel entirely of composed of fictional e-mails inside a fictional ad agency in London. Despite the almost total incompetence and scheming of most of the staff of the ad agency, they have a bid on one of the largest campaigns ever; a Coca-Cola promo. I was tempted to start labeling the characters with people from work, but as the novel progressed, I was really afraid to. The best part, though, is the author bio: &quot;Matt Beaumont worked at several London advertising firms before he sold his first novel. In anticipation of the publication of in the United States and United Kingdom in Fall 2000, he is taking a break from corporate life.&quot; I'd imagine that he has to!
B00003CXFU|5.0|Julia Roberts plays a struggling mother with three kids who lands a job at a local law firm working as a secretary. She stumbles upon a water contamination case that has been killing off residents of a small town. She fights to bring the water company who started it all to court. She is a sassy woman who will not take &quot;no&quot; for an answer and always gets what she wants somehow. This is a very touching and powerful film that depicts one of Julia Roberts' best performances! Albert Finney also does a wonderful job with his role. This is a movie everyone should see. <br />Wonderful in every way! Oscar buzz abounds this movie!
6305807086|3.0|Watching this film, I felt a great admiration for the sheer invention of it, the boundless creativity with which the writer and director attacked the subject. Being John Malkovich is full of strange characters, wonderfully creative moments, and a sort of lunatic atmosphere that starts to take on its own twisted logic after awhile. If you buy the initial premise (admittedly, a lot to swallow) that a man finds a little portal in the back of an office that leads into the head of John Malkovich, then you will be in for a ride for the rest of the film. If you're the kind of person for whom this &quot;makes no sense,&quot; then re-rent Bridges of Madison County and give this one a pass.<br />That being said, the movie is, ultimately, rather too quirky for its own good. The ricidulousness of the movie's basic idea precludes any sort of traditional, satisfying dramatic conclusion. It's not difficult to figure out, early on, that this is not a &quot;happy ending&quot; movie. Some of the characters are genuinely flawed, and in some places, unlikeable, but that fact is one of the few real human touches in the whole production. As such, the film takes on a rather tragic character that makes it hard to recommend with gusto.<br />If the basic premise of Being John Malkovich appeals to you, it's worth at least one look. At the very least, it's one of the most original films to come out in a long time, if not necessarily the most satisfying. If the basic premise strikes you as &quot;unrealistic,&quot; then by all means, use your common sense and don't watch it.
B000005JA8|5.0|Like anchovies, caviar, and professional wrestling, Beefheart is an acquired taste.  But to a lot of us elderly hippie types, this is one of the two or three greatest albums ever made by anybody.  What does it sound like?  Kind of like a blues group and a jazz group playing in the same room at the same time.  Sort of.  But Beefheart could smoke when he wanted to and this album isn't anywhere near as unbearably pretentious as some of the &quot;great&quot; stuff being played about the same time.  And NOBODY has sounded like this since.
B00004ZB9D|1.0|I cant understand why sometimes people need to consume this kind of bad art.Lenny is ,1-A mediocre instrumentist,2-A mediocre composer,3-and a mediocre vocalist,He is that kind of guy that needs to be arrogant to hide his selfindugence.Lenny go to do another thing Music is not your way,maybe his mother said to him that he is a good musician ,and he belived .Take a listening on Fly away for example,he copied the lirycs of Elton John in Skyline Pigeon,this is  ridiculous,and the music is structuraly talking very poor,Lenny leave us alone ,please.
B00003CXE7|4.0|I had heard that this was a &quot;guy movie&quot; full of action and even gore!  Well, being the &quot;enlightened&quot; guy I am, I went with my nose high, expecting to be mildly entertained, that my base desires would be met.<br />But, like a child, I was enthalled with the film and watched with wide eyed wonder.  The cinematography at the beginning of the film with the war scene was absolutely breathtaking.  It rivalled the beginning of &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; though it was a little less disturbing.  Only a little less so.<br />What I was surprised about was the great plot.  Sure, it was about the super-human hero, the rugged male who stuck by his own morals no matter what.  His honour superceded everything, no matter what horror came to him.  Yes, it was a bit &quot;American&quot; and individualistic, but it was done so well, it captivated me.  I truly felt his sadness and his anger.<br />Ridley Scott of Blade Runner fame directed this film superbly.  I particularly loved the frquest flashes to the fields of heaven - it was this mix of beauty and action that captured my interest.  He was able to make me truly enjoy this film.  The acting by Crowe was a great compliment as well.  While not really being historically accurate, this film was fascinating and often made the heart race.
B00004ZB9D|1.0|I cant understand why sometimes people need to consume this kind of poor music.Lenny is ,1-A mediocre instrumentist,2-A mediocre composer,3-And a mediocre vocalist.He is that kind of guy that needs to be arrogant to hide his selfindulgence and mediocrity.Lenny , go to do another thing , music is not your way , maybe his mother said to him that he is a good musician ,and he belived .Take a listening on Fly away for example,he copied the lyrics of Elton John in Skyline Pigeon,this is  ridiculous,and the music is structurally talking very poor,the  before powerfull music , American Woman , from Guess Who was destroyed by Lenny . Lenny , please I implore, leave us alone ,please.
B00003CXDG|3.0|The problem is that this is a John Woo film.  The action scenes are brilliant and fun.  The shots are just right, the action fast-paced and truly a fun experience.  So, perhaps one would think I would give it a good rating?<br />The problem is that I came out feeling pretty good about the movie - THEN I thought a bit more about it.  Then I also saw Mission Impossible (the first one) which I had not seen and I realized that the wool was pulled over our collective heads.  This was not a true MI movie!  This was a John Woo film.  And maybe if it was something else, like Face Off 2, I'd give it greater consideration.  But it simply did not follow the feel (dare I say, zeitgeist?) of MI.  This movie was trying to be cool, hip, action packed and fun.  But it lacked substance in favour of form.<br />And....just how many times do they have to use that mask thing?  It was a BIG cop out and  went over the &quot;suspension of disbelief&quot; line.
6305508550|5.0|This movie is exactly what a comedy should be: amazingly simple, understandable dialogue, and understated performances. This movie has really grown on me the more I have seen it. At first watch, it seemed very predictable and the jokes seemed, well, unfunny. The key to watching Office Space is to imagine the characters as real people, which is not too hard to do. They are all dead on in their performances. Peter lives a dream life and makes us fantasize about what it would be like to live how we all really want to. It has a real low-budget quality about it, but I think that was what Judge was shooting for. Give it a chance.
B00004XOWM|3.0|I really, really wanted to like Limp Bizkit's new album, despite the rather head-scratching title. But it just doesn't come through as a great album. It's OK, and it has its high points, but it's a far cry from &quot;Three Dollar Bill, Yall$.&quot; In fact, it's not even up to the standard of &quot;Significant Other.&quot; I'd give &quot;$3 Bill&quot; 5 stars, &quot;Significant Other&quot; 4 stars, and well, this one gets 3 stars. If Limp wants to avoid reaching the depths of 2 stars and 1 star, they better go back to what brought 'em to the dance and take a good listen to &quot;$3 Bill.&quot; <br />But that's not to say this album doesn't have it's great moments. There are five especially great tracks: &quot;Hot Dog,&quot; (although Fred taking pot-shots at Trent Reznor angers me, because Fred is nothing compared to Trent) &quot;My Generation,&quot; &quot;Full Nelson,&quot; &quot;Rollin (Air Raid Vehicle),&quot; and &quot;Take A Look Around.&quot; The other tracks are just too mellow or way too gangsta-rap influenced, although &quot;My Way&quot; isn't too bad, either. I was very, very disappointed with &quot;Rollin (Urban Assault Vehicle)&quot; because I can stand to listen to almost anything but gangsta rap, and in my personal opinion, Limp totally ruined the great &quot;Rollin'&quot; by turning it into a gangsta-rap remix that has no good beat to it.<br />I hate to agree with a few others on this board, but maybe Limp Bizkit should distance themselves from Fred Durst and carry on by themselves or get a true hardcore rock/rapper to man the helm. All Fred seems to care about is MTV and the new teen generation, and making a CD that'll sell like crazy but lacks depth. When compared to the raw energy and anger &quot;$3 Bill&quot; had, this album pales. Plus, all the raw profanity just isn't necessary. I bet he didn't use the &quot;F&quot; word a quarter as much as he does on this album, and hey, Fred...it's stupid.<br />All in all, I wouldn't recommend paying full price for this album. If you can find it used or cheap somewhere, buy it, but I think the full 17, 18 bucks is a waste of about 10 bucks. Or at least borrow a friends to try it, or even download some tracks so you know what you're getting. I suppose it's not a total wreck, but I sure hope they improve with next year's CD.
B000002TP7|3.0|This CD is pretty good. I didn't really know any of the songs on this CD except the ones on the anthology, so I wasn't expecting much from this CD, but I got more than I expected. I liked Sure Shot for a while, but pretty good, the song showed some monotony. I liked the next two songs, especially B-Boys Makin' With The Freak Freak because of the humor and I had been wondering what a song would sound like with just bass and guitar but the rhythm for this isn't too bad, but then came an instrumental. The problem with the instrumentals on this CD is that they are all very mellow. They're boring and it's the same thing over and over again. I have no idea what all the fuss is about the song Root Down. I absolutely cannot stand that song, because of its stupid lyrics and its awful tune. I like Sabotoge and the action that Q-Tip did with the Beastie in Get It Together, but then comes another instrumental. The few songs are boring, until Flute Loop. Although the words are fuzzy like over half the songs on this CD, I still like the tune. The next two are dumb, but I like Heart Attack Man. Then the next two are also dumb but Bodhisattva Vow is good. The last song is another poor instrumental. Another problem with this CD is that the songs are far too short, especially the rock songs like Tough Guy and Heart Attack Man. The lyrics are all fuzzy and has an underproduced feel. I'd only buy this is you're a big Beastie Boys fan. I'm not a very big fan of them, but I still liked the CD. You just never know.
6302814782|5.0|I think everyone has one movie that they absolutely love, that will not make any greatest movie of all time lists.  For me its The Lost Boys.  While the plot is sufficient and the acting is decent, what makes this film one of my favorites is its style.  The cool clothes, music and overall atmosphere are the things really worth seeing here.  From the opening scene, which shows the unusual people at a California amusement park while playing a remake of The Doors' &quot;People Are Strange&quot; (done by Echo and the Bunnymen) to the surprising one liner ending, you will love it.  Fun from beginning to end!
0679879269|2.0|This book left me unsatisfied.  First of all, it doesn't seem finished and the ending came somewhere out of left field.  I had to push myself to read it because it was so slow in some spots.  The land of the dead?  Come on - did Philip Pullman just pull this stuff out of a hat?  It just doesn't make any sense to me.  Besides that, the theme went from adventureous to being a love story.  There's no way I'd have a 10 year old read The Amber Spyglass - as I would for the first two books.  At this point, I'm glad I read the book because now I know what happened - whether or not I like it.  If there's a fourth book, there's no way I'm reading it.
B00000IQBM|3.0|I have to admit, The Shining is one of the scariest stories that has ever been made into a movie.  But, I could never help feeling that it could have been even better.  Let's face it, the acting is NOT very good.  The lines seem forced and unnatural.  Shelly Duvall's character is horrible, she seemed like she read her lines off of a card.  As for Danny, all I could think is why didn't they get this kid's hair cut?  Also, it doesn't necessarily do the book justice, lacking in character development and the true gradually decline of Nicholson's character.  I don't buy into the criticism that Kubrick's version is less appealing because it doesn't closely follow the book.  I think some of Kubrick's changes made the story even creapier.  However, when King had his hands more firmly in control of the 1997 television remake, the true horror that could have been was finally glimpsed.  Granted, its 4.5 hours long and that allows for a little more, but the character development is extraordinary.  With the original it seemed that Jack woke up one day and was crazy.  In the remake, its possible to see the subtle levels of his insanity as it happens.  And this was made for TV!  If this would have been made for theaters and not subject to TV's guidelines, this would have been the horror movie for the ages.  Unfortunately, the miniseries has to date not been released on video.  But if you ever get the chance to see it, then you will put your Kubrick version firmly on the shelf, where it will accumulate more dust than Calista Flockhart's oven.  For the original - 3 stars, still very scary and has great atmosphere.  For the remake - 5 stars, this IS Stephen King.
B00002Z88D|2.0|For those of you have never been exposed to the concept of rock and orchestra, this is a bad start.  Trans-Siberian Orchestra would be a great place to start.  Or how about Yngwie Malmsteen's Concerto for Guitar and Orchestra in Bb minor?  Deep Purple likewise did a symphonic album.  Iron Maiden's Brave New World has some sweet orchestral moments.  Dream Theater has that same classical vein, albeit with a keyboardist supplying those extra textures.  Queensryche's Operation: Mindcrime was also orchestrated by Kamen, and is far better than this work.  The problem is that these are all old Metallica songs, with their simple riffs and chord structures, accompanied by James Hetfield's amateurish vocals.  <br />Don't believe the hype; this is nothing new, and many bands have done it better.  If you worship Metallica, I suppose you should get this album.  If you like pop music and complexity scares you, get this.  If you're really searching for something amazing, get one of the releases I previously mentioned.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Even if you didn't like the movie in the theater you should still buy this DVD. The complimentry DVD contains many great extras, all based off a great interactive interface. A very good reason to buy this is just to see the original ending to the movie. It would have destroyed the movie and left audiences dumbfounded, but it would have added more comic relief to some sticky situations. Once again, THIS IS A MUST FOR YOU DVD COLLECTION
B000002OVJ|5.0|i am (was) not a Who fan, but it's pretty much common knowledge that The Who were a great live band and i saw the great price of this CD and decided to buy it.  i was not disappointed.  no, in fact, i just love this album!  simply amazing recording, flowing from track to track (except towards the end), with truly valuable liner notes.  the songs are great, but the true magic is in the energy with which they are performed.  the digitally remastered sound is beautiful.  you don't have to be a Who fan to get this live album, it's a piece of 60s history (yes, i know it was recorded in early 1970).
B00004ZB9D|3.0|Well, he put his hits in there, but there are too many songs that have the same beat that arn't all that good. I'm also a little dissapointed that he put some not-so-good hits on there, but didn't put &quot;If you can't say no&quot; on there. That was a great song w/ a great, &amp; unique beat, unlike some of the 70's sounding disco songs he put on there.
B0000399WI|5.0|Word has it that Brad Pitt was originally supposed to play Andy in this movie.  Luckily, Robbins took the role because Pitt would have cast a different light on this whole movie and I'm not that sure he could have played off of Morgan Freeman as well as Robbins did.<br />What we have here is a masterpiece of filmwork.  The story, from beginning to end, it engaging and fast paced.  The acting here is superb.  Freeman and Robbins shine and their chemistry together is magical.<br />No matter how many times I watch this movie, it never fails to bring a smile to my face.
6301562925|3.0|In my opinion, the best was the original. No. 4 is my second favorite because of the eerie scenes in the neighborhoods (dark shadows, fog, blowing leaves). It recaptured the suspense that No. 2 lacked because of the unrealistic darkness in the hospital. Even at night, a hospital is never that dark and empty, even during a power outage! No. 5 was good, but a slight letdown from No. 4. I thought the continuity from the end of No.4 to the start of No. 5 was done very well, showing how Michael escaped the mine shaft and survived to kill again next year.<br />The scenes were scary and thrilling in the tradition of Halloween, but what ruined it for me was the old Myers house. It looked like some old, huge castle instead of the home we saw in No. 1 and No. 2.<br />I am big on continuity in sequels, and it would have been much better if they had shown the same house from 1 and 2. If they had done this, I would have been more impressed and given this review an extra star.<br />Don't get me wrong, I have all of the Halloween films (except for No. 3), and I love all of them. No. 5 had its moments. One thing done well was keeping us in suspense as to the identity of the man in the silver-tipped boots. We learn in No. 6 that it is a former colleague of Dr. Loomis who is out to harness the evil of Michael Myers by using Jamie's baby.
B000003BF4|5.0|Definitely the greatest live album of all time.  The sound is raw and beautiful, an all out assault on the senses.  The guitar work is incredible - listen to Live with me, or any of the other songs.  On the nights that this album was recorded, the Stones played like the greatest rock'n'roll band in the world.  The album has just one flaw - it should have been a double album.
6305807086|2.0|Yawn. Ooh, wait. I have to say I like it because if I say I don't, people will say I don't understand it. Well, I don't.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Christina has managed to come out with another wonderful cd. Her spainsh cd was so awesome.......you should really go out and buy it if you don't already have it! Anyway this cd is just great. It totally gets you in the christmas mood and christina sounds awesome on it as always. a must for all christina fans and those who just want a beauiful christmas album.
014028009X|2.0|Sure, it really IS funny to be smart, self-conscious and just out of perfection's reach.  But, really, the questions remains:  So what?  Helen Fielding is clever but even she has to know that Bridget is a joke and all that calorie-counting and cigarette tallying isn't very sustainable.  If Bridget wants a different life, then why in the world is she obsessed with enumerating the idiocies of the one she has?
B000000XK5|5.0|Ella Fitzgerald never sounded finer, then she did in this exellent Pablo session of intimate duets with gently swinging guitarist joe Pass.  Fitzgerald's vocie had finally lost it's girlish innocence, and her vocie sounds womanly and knowing, she has more feeling in these songs then in her 50's Verve sessions.  This set proves Ella had lost nothing through the years and she went out on top.  This was Ella's 2nd to last session, and truly one of her most magnificent sessions.  Here she gently swings on such jazz standards as &quot;Love For Sale&quot; and &quot;I Want A Little Girl.&quot;  Recomended.<br />Also try Ella Fitzgerald &amp; Joe Pass &quot;Take Love Easy&quot; their 1st pairing on the pablo label, and The Intimate Ella, her finest Verve seesion of duets with pianist Paul Smith.
B00003W8NM|3.0|Although I went to see this movie expecting to see a lot of action, I can't say I was dissapointed by the lack of it. The characters are so finely drawn that you don't realize that nothing 'exciting' happens for the first 2/3rds of the movie. It is however a great date movie because of its slow pace (wink wink).
B000002UJQ|5.0|Ok computer..is an album you can listen from start to finish..very errie and beautiful..like a dream that has no ending
B00003CXFG|4.0|Pitch black is easily one of my favourite sci fi films, as it combines more than just the typical 'kill/run from the aliens' scenario, it actually has good characters, and a few surprises. The plot is as basic as any other sci fi flick: a ship crash lands on a deserted planet. It's passengers include a dead captain, the pilot forced into command, a cop, a religious man, a few children, and a deadly prisoner, who makes a hasty retreat from the ship shortly after the crash. During their search for water while bearing the heat of the 3 suns that scorch the planet, the group comes across many skeletons and a tiny ship, that only needs a bit of fixing up to leave. But the escaped convict and whatever lives underground in the darkness has other plans. This movie has a lot going for it, especially the great acting from it's stars Vin Diesel, the underrated Keith David, and the beautiful Radha Mitchell. The special effects are great as well. The violence is a little weak (although women and children are not spared), but it's enough. As for the dvd itself, i was very surprised. Most of the time movies set in darkness are very fuzzy looking (like the horrible transfer of The Relic), but there were only a few moments in Pitch Black where it looked mildly grainy. The special features of the disc aren't very special, but i'm happy with what was included. It could have been worse, and had just a trailer with it. Bottom line: awesome movie, awesome transfer, and good dvd features.
B00001MXWX|2.0|More of a TV episode than a regular movie, does not offer the moviegoer more that. Another exploitation of the Star Trek theme or how to beat a dead horse. The new Star Trek is minus the old cast and spirit and plus some who cares characters, the new technology and the preaching. Requires patience to watch.
038533348X|5.0|This is my favorite book of all time.  The end-of-humanity theme is presented in such a humorous manner, that you can't help but love it.  The characters are great, and Bokononism, the fictional religion of most of the characters, is a constant entertainment.  I recommend this book to anyone, especially if you enjoy other Kurt Vonnegut books (my personal &quot;other favorites&quot; are &quot;The Sirens of Titan&quot; and &quot;Galapagos&quot;.
0679405496|4.0|Miss Quested and Mrs. Moore are good Brits in turn of the century India.  They have the best intentions and want to meet real Indians and see the real India.  When Dr. Aziz takes them to visit the Marabar Caves, they seem to be penetrating deep into the heart of India.  However, Miss Quested is overwhelmed by the caves &amp; accuses Aziz of attacking her &amp; for all their good intentions, they are shown to be just as incapable of understanding Indians as the worst of their fellow Brits.<br />This is certainly the best of Forster's novels.  The clash of cultures makes for interesting reading.  However, after a century of decolonization and independence, it's legitimate to ask whether places like India are better off today, as independent nations, than they were in 1900, as colonies.  Forster  makes the point that the English will never understand the Indians &amp; can never be friends with them, but will Hindus ever understand Moslems &amp; can they ever be friends?  More importantly, even if the English never could befriend the Indians, wasn't their governance, at least, enlightened &amp; constructive?  Whereas, the Hindus who feel actual hatred towards the Moslems (&amp; vice versa) have governed in a backward and destructive manner?  Should ethnicity be the deciding factor in who governs a country or are governing principles (democracy, capitalism, religious tolerance) more important to the welfare of the population?<br />It seems to me that Forster &amp; his ilk bet on ethnicity &amp; events have shown them to be catastrophically mistaken.<br />GRADE: B
0375707972|4.0|The literary and philosophical beauty of this novel lies in its narrative structure, taking the audience from the protagonist's personal dilemma as an adolescent to the his ethical and political responsibilities as an adult.  The Reader delves courageously into the postwar German psyche, taking into consideration the anguish of both personal and collective guilt.  <br />While this book presents philosophical and legal hypotheses in plain, accessible language, the depth of these fictionalized ethical quandaries may not bid the younger reader's attention or comprehension to the extent that he or she may finish the novel with a sense of enlightenment or satisfaction.  However, The Reader is most certainly appropriate - and recommended - to college level readers and above.     The translation preserves the author's terse, yet engaging style with only several grammatical glitches that cause only minimal distraction.  On the whole, though, The Reader is a superbly written and engaging novel not to be missed by those who appreciate an ethically-based, yet solid, plot graced with character-driven circumstances.
B00004U30D|5.0|A mature film that is a refreshing change (including the direction) in the barrage of mediocrity for the moviegoer nowadays. The film is, if not a disguised attack on, a criticism of the American family, military and American way of life - that is the philosophical side of homosexuality. Despite the strange turns and twists and the screenwriter's obvious preferences and preaching, it is well worth the publicity and oscars.
B0000021RB|5.0|This CD (album when I first heard it), was the beginning for me to be inspired by the talent a true sound on CHICAGO
0679437223|5.0|Captain John Yossarian is a bombardier for the 256th Squadron, stationed on the island of Pianosa in the Mediterranean. He's sick of having people try to kill him. He 's finally realized that anyone willing to fly into the face of enemy fire must be crazy, so he wants to go home, but there's a catch:<br />  There was only one catch and that was Catch-22, which specified that a concern for one's own  safety in the face of dangers that were real and immediate was the process of a rational mind.  'That's some catch, that Catch-22, he (Yossarian) observed. 'It's the best there is,' Doc Daneeka  agreed.<br />And so he's stuck flying more missions (and ever more as the number of missions required keeps getting increased.)<br />Serving alongside him in the 256th are:<br />Col. Cathcart--who continually volunteers his men for the most dangerous missions.<br />Doc Daneeka--who's outraged that his draft board would not take his word as a  doctor that he was 4-F.<br />Chief White Halfoat--who is out to revenge himself on the white man.<br />Captain Flume--who lives in constant fear that his tentmate, the Chief, will slit his throat.<br />Major Major Major Major--&quot;Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them. With Major Major it had been all three&quot;<br />Hungry Joe--who has a recurring nightmare that one night a cat will sleep on his face &amp; suffocate him.<br />&amp; Milo Minderbender &amp; Nately &amp; Nately's whore &amp; Nately's whore's little sister &amp; so on.<br />One of the funniest novels ever written, it earns a high rank on this list because of its more serious message. It is at heart an antibureaucratic polemic. While the specific target is the military, the attack is  universal.<br />It is especially interesting that this is a novel of World War II. One of the more vacuous tribal drums that is beating beneath today's culture is for the cult of the Depression/WWII generation, or as Tom Brokaw's book call them, the Greatest Generation (see Orrin's review). There's this quaint myth that somehow the folks who lived through the Depression and fought in WWII were an especially selfless or patriotic crew. They certainly look good in comparison to the wholly self-centered Baby Boomers, but books like this and the works of James Jones &amp; Kurt Vonnegut offer a welcome antidote to the notion that they marched happily off to a war to save the world without a thought for themselves.<br />GRADE: Ation, or as Tom Brokaw's book call them, the Greatest Generation (see Orrin's review). There's this quaint myth that somehow the folks who lived through the Depression and fought in WWII were an especially selfless or patriotic crew. They certainly look good in comparison to the wholly self-centered Baby Boomers, but books like this and the works of James Jones &amp; Kurt Vonnegut offer a welcome antidote to the notion that they marched happily off to a war to save the world without a thought for themselves. <br />GRADE: A
B000031XCR|4.0|There's no need say much. This great singer's voice says it all. She's sold over a 100 million albums internationally. This album is a good CD for anyone to own, big fans or just a music lover. This album could have used some more of her hits but other than that, its a great all around album.  For those who oppose this artist, has a right to their opinion. But honestly, I don't think you know a real singer when you see one. Ms. Dion is obviously one of the best vocalist of our day!<br />lscott7@yahoo.com
B000002UA9|5.0|Some groups back then couldnt do this much on their 3rd album much less their first. Lets face it, those long hours doing Hamburg and the Cavern paid off, they did this in something like 12 hours or whatever. unheard of these days, almost unheard of back then! it happened because by this time they knew these songs like the back of their hands.<br />Some of their great early ones, &quot;I saw Her Standing There&quot;, &quot;Ask Me Why&quot; &quot;Please, Please Me, &quot;Love Me Do&quot;, &quot;P.S. I love You&quot;, &quot;DYWTKnow A Secret&quot;, &quot;Twist And Shout&quot;.<br />On &quot;I saw Her Standing There&quot; The count in was (as far as I know) pretty new, I can only remember 1 or 2 songs, &quot;Wooly Bully&quot; is one of them and thats from 65, they were original to do this.<br />George Martin showing how important he was in &quot;Misery&quot; the piano part in the background, imagine that song without the piano, it brings it alive, the man WAS the fifth Beatle, in the studio he was. Speaking of &quot;Misery&quot; about him losing his mother? or imaginary ex girlfriend.<br />John played the Harmonica 4 times on this album, it was  (or almost) his sig for 2 years, 62-64, (it was a popular instrument to the rock/pop world circa 1961-65) by late 64, John would grow on to other instruments and ideas. But would return to it a few more times in his career.<br />Hence the credits, McCartney/Lennon on the back. The story goes sometime in 1963 John told Epstein to put his name first since he was the founder of The Beatles, true? who knows, but when this CD was released in 1987, they did the same thing, just like the LP.<br />Ringo shows up on &quot;Boys&quot; they always mananged to pick ones that fit his vocal range. George does &quot;Secret&quot;, a John song, George does a great job on it too. Love the part in the middle where Ringo hits the sticks together.<br />This album started it all, it was the biginning, buy it and enjoy.
6305922756|5.0|If you have seen Spinal Tap before, you must have this edition. If you have not seen it before, you must have this edition. This is by far one of the best uses of the DVD format to date. Extras galore. The running commentary and deleted footage are as funny as the movie itself.
0553269631|2.0|Well, we have a new contender for worst choice for the Modern Library Top 100 of the Century. This dismal book is the story of a flock of Southern losers and misfits in the 1930's.  The characters lead uniformly desperate and joyless lives, depicted in a story unleavened by humor.<br />It's the sort of book that contributes to the caricature of Southern authors as suicidal drunks.<br />GRADE: D
6305892806|3.0|I am so glad I decided to read the book before I watched this film adaptation.  For the Jane Austen purist (like myself) this movie leaves much to be desired.  The plot of the movie tends to flatten the rich characters portrayed in the book, as well as simplify story lines to fit a Hollywood mold.  Granted, in order to fit the book into a 2-hour format, some liberties must be taken.  But the director chose the most sensational parts of the story, much to the detriment of character development and nuance that makes the story such a classic.  I feel that the characters, especially Fanny, Mr. Bertram and Mary Crawford, were significantly flattened versions of their literary counterparts.  Also, having read the book, I could follow along with the story easily, but I am afraid that someone who hadn't read the book would find the story somewhat jumpy, and the motivation for certain actions and events to be left unexplained.<br />That said, however, I still believe the movie is worth watching.  Despite a somewhat lacking storyline, the script is sharp, funny and sensitive and the actors play their roles excellently.  Anyone who enjoys this time period will find the movie quite enjoyable.
B000002UAR|5.0|Of all the Beatles' albums, Revolver has probably aged best. 'Yellow Submarine' is a dud, pure and simple, but this set makes up the band's greatest achievement. Capitol's exploitative policy of subtracting a few tracks from one Beatles album to whack onto the next was never more despicable. <br />'Taxman' kicks off the set admirably, although Harrison's lament jars a bit - I mean, why is he complaining about paying his fair share of tax, anyway? Is this the same bloke who wrote 'Living in the Material World'? Still, this track, along with his other contributions (4 &amp; 12), demonstrate how far Harrison had come as a songwriter. <br />Lennon and McCartney were at their top here. Macca's ballads (2, 5 ,10), helped along by some fine George Martin arrangements, are probably the best he ever wrote, stopping this side of schmaltzy, while Lennon's major contributions (3, 7, 14) are quite brilliant. (Although it's probably the soundscape of 'Tomorrow Never Knows', mainly courtesy of spooky tape loops and a huge drum sound, that makes it such a standout.)<br />'And Your Bird Can Sing' and 'Doctor Robert' are often described as weak tracks, but I can't find too much wrong with them. If nothing else, the former boasts fine harmonised lead guitar parts, and the latter a catchy groove.<br />The sounds which the Fabs, producer Martin and engineer Geoff Emerick were able to coax from ageing studio hardware are remarkable. Macca's close-miked bass is right up there in the mix, clear as a bell, Ringo's drums sound terrific even today, and there are interesting guitar sounds everywhere. As well, Revolver extended the experiment with backwards parts which had begun on 'Rain', and is used to great effect here. The musicianship, particularly McCartney's bass playing, is first class throughout. Honourable mention to R. Starkey for 'She Said She Said'.<br />Bookended by two magnificent double-A side 45s ('Rain'/'Paperback Writer'; 'Strawberry Fields Forever'/'Penny Lane'), this albumis demonstrably the Beatles' creative peak.
0783222955|5.0|The only part about this movie that it cut out a certain part of the book.
B00004T9UF|5.0|After hearing the debut album of Eminem, I doubted he could top that off again.  Fortunately, I was incorrect.  This new album of his has totally blown me away.  It is significantly better than his debut album for a number of reasons.  He certainly has more material to work with, now that he has found stardom.<br />Songs like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; leave you cringing and squirming in your seat.  No other musician has captured our attention like Eminem has. I'm looking forward to any other word he has to do.
B000002L42|5.0|At the time of this reunion tour release in 1995, I was still a relative newcomer to the electric and eclectic music of Steely Dan.  A college instructor had this playing during a computer lab class and I was immediately sucked right in.  I didn't get a chance to pick up a copy of this until this spring.  Most certainly one of my favorite live albums and can be often heard blaring from my car.<br />A good majority of Steely Dan's classics are featured here and includes a couple of lesser known songs that were performed during their long long awaited reunion tours of 1993/94. One being a Walter Becker song Book of Liars. Walter is the vocalist on this one and uncannily sounds like Chicago's Robert Lamm.  Standout performances include Green Earrings, Bodhisattva, Josie, Kid Charlemagne and Aja. Reelin' In The Years has long been a favorite of mine and I really love this groovy new arrangement. <br />Donald Fagen, Walter Becker and their stellar backing band more than deliver the goods in concert. This &quot;Alive In America&quot; collection is a must if your a fan (old or new) of the Dan.
B000003CM9|3.0|Produced by the great Tom Dowd, who also produced Aretha Franklin and  Eric 'Derek' Clapton among others, this is the Brothers' second album and a worthy successor to their eponymous debut. <br />Duane Allman is among the greatest guitarists there ever was, but it's Allman the younger who shines on this. Gregg Allman is rightly praised for his magnificent singing, but the quality of his songwriting, at least in the early days, is sadly overlooked. The promise he showed on the first album is realised here with the outstanding 'Midnight Rider', surely an American classic, the splendid 'Don't Keep Me Wonderin', the touching 'Please Call Home' and even the weird and wonderful 'Leave My Blues At Home'. Allman had the bluesman's uncanny ability to say a lot in a few, simple words. <br />Honours should go to Dickey Betts, too, for 'In Memory Of Elizabeth Reed', a wonderful instrumental which became a live tour de force. And Berry Oakley has a riot as he belts out a frenzied but fun reading of Willie Dixon's 'Hoochie Coochie Man'.<br />All that said, the album is scant on length, so I'll subtract an extra star. You'd be well advised to shell out a little extra for Beginnings, a two-for-one which gives you the debut album as well.
0553277472|2.0|I'm sorry, I just don't get it.  I think this book is over rated.  Maybe if I read the whole thing it would have changed the way I think and feel about my life, but after forcing myself through  of the book I said \\"that's all I can stands I can't stands no more.\\"  This book isn't about Zen or motorcycle maintenance, it's about a guy on a motorcycle trip with his son trying to find the truth about his life.  Just too much philosophizing for me.
B00004XOWM|3.0|This Chocolate Starfish album has a lot of songs you can jam to.  A few songs you can pump in your car, singing along to, while having your senses heightened.  But once the nostalgia wears off, you're left with some downright foolish lyrics, weak vocals, and music that sounds pretty much the same as Limp Bizkit has ever done.<br />Fred Durst has a very distinct voice.  It doesn't matter that his singing voice is terrible, it's what makes the music stand out from the rest.  A note to fans: if you like a particular song and aren't sure of the lyrics--keep it that way.  You'd be better off not knowing the lyrics because they are on a junior high school level.<br />All in all it's a decent album, but has some awful songs mixed in, which I expected in the first place.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This may have been the best movie of this summer's blockbuster pack.  It may actually have been the best summer blockbuster in many years.  Russell Crowe is absolutely amazing as Maximus, the wronged general looking for revenge, and Joaquin Phoenix is over the top as Commodus, the evil, patricidal Ceasar.<br />But what stands out in this film is what you don't actually see.  Though graphic, the battle scenes leave much of the violence implied (unlike 'Saving Private Ryan' which made me sick to my stomach).  And that works very effectively.  In the opening scene, we meet Maximus as he is about to lead his Legions into battle.  The battle is exhilarating, yet not overly graphic.  This sets the tone for the rest of the film.  Now, I am not saying you should let small children watch it, but it is not as graphically violent as the subject matter might have dictated, and this is a compliment to director Ridley Scott.  He is really the person who deserves the acclaim, as his signature is all over this incredible piece of film.  The camera work and editing are excellently paced, and even though it runs well over 2 hours, you do not feel the time pass.<br />I can not recommend this movie enough.
B000000P11|5.0|Strange Times is one of those records I always go to in times of crisis.  What some reviewers call pompous delivery by vocalist Mark Burgess I call honesty.  The Chameleons bare their souls on this  incredible record.  The album goes through some great emotional highs &quot;In Answer&quot;, &quot;Childhood&quot;, and lows, &quot;Tears&quot;.  <br />Having bought the LP after hearing the amazing &quot;Swamp Thing&quot; I have since bought the cd.  The LP contains one track more than the extended CD which remains one of my favorites: &quot;Ever After&quot;. Enscripted on the inner circle of the record during pressing is the advice: &quot;Follow No One-Lead Yourself.&quot;  The Chameleons were truly one of a kind and this is one of their best.
B00005176F|5.0|Blur have something that Oasis will never have, and thats the art of redifining themselves everytime they come back with a new album, as you can tell from this mixed bag.  From the UK number one Country House to the recent single Music Is My Radar you know that Blur will around for a long time to come.  Containg tracks that have become anthems like Song 2 and Parklife to songs like Coffee And TV, you are getting everything that you want from a album, its hard to believe that they are all from the same band.  All Blur die hard fans will love this and it will also appeal to the casual fan as its the best tracks from all their six albums without the album filler tracks.
B00003OSTR|5.0|I was not familiar with this movie when I decided to watch it one day on Turner Classic Movies.  When it was over, I sat there astounded at how great it was and that I had never heard of it before.  It uplifts the soul to watch a movie like this.  I highly recommend this treasure to all.
020161622X|5.0|Very well written.  It uses common sense to prove its points.   I read the book in one day, and I found it to be very helpful with everyday programming practices.  This book references \\"The Mythical Man-Month\\" in a couple of occasions.  I bought that book as well; was not too impressed with it.  This book, Pragmatic Programmer, is much better and much more reader friendly.  I recommended it to all of my co-workers.
B000002LFZ|3.0|With the release of The Very Best of Fleetwood Mac (Rumours-era lineup), this album doesn't really seem necessary or complete anymore.  The single remixes of Rhiannon and Over My Head on that album are vast improvements on the versions heard here.  Stand-out album cuts like Gold Dust Woman, Songbird, Second Hand News, and Landslide (what were they thinking?!) are all missing from this CD.  Also, since Silver Springs became a hit following the Dance, it is not on this album, either.<br />What's here is good, mostly, but if you're willing to spend the extra 8 bucks or so, pick up the Very Best of Fleetwood Mac.  It's more complete than this.
0769281478|5.0|I bought this book not really sure if i'd like it or not, but now i love it. I'm  huge fan of limp bizkit, so i treassure this book, and i will forever!!!
B000009ED0|4.0|Well, I became a Kid Rock fan after purchasing this CD.  He mixes hard rock and rap, and it works.  I was surprised that he actually showed talent.  Yes - talent!!  Most of the songs were pretty good.  &quot;I Got One For Ya&quot; was kind of dumb, but that was the exception.  I would advise anyone to pick this up.  Don't be offended by the language - he's merely expressing himself, and he's pretty darn good at it.
0783241399|5.0|Denzel Washington gives a brilliant performance in the story of \\"Hurricane\\" Carter, a black boxer who is unjustly accused and convicted of murder. He is a man who is discriminated against because of his race, and who throughout his life seems to be at the wrong place at the wrong time. Washington portrays him as a cocky young boxer in his early days and traces his growing bitterness as he is wrongly imprisoned for a crime he didn't commit. He enters a survival mode in prison and is uncommunicative with those around him. His protective wall is broken down by a young teenager who reads his book, and who admires him for his accomplishments before he was in prison. The young man visits him in prison, and with the help of some caring adults that he is living with, begins to fight for his release. This is a story of justice and redemption and is a moving tribute to a man who stayed strong through the most difficult of circumstances.
6305897786|5.0|I found this film to be riveting and thought provoking. Depp was as usual outstanding. I loved the fact that this film requires one to use their mind and imagination. Far from being dissapointed in the ending, I thought it was perfect and fitting.
B00000DC10|5.0|This is an amazing album. I love the song Deadly Rythm. These guys are out of their minds, but they make awesome music, so it's alright ;) They're way ahead of their time. Different type of music, one reason why I like 'em.
0743200799|5.0|From the days of John Glenn, to mankind's success with Apollo 11 and America's success with the return of Apollo 13 through the end of the Apollo program, Gene Kranz has not only viewed history from his console at Mission Control he has lived every moment.      In frank, no nonsense terms Kranz take you into &quot;the trenches&quot; of the Manned Spaceflight Center. In prose as sharp as his crew cut he tells the tale form the viewpoint of those who vicariosly rode with the astronauts from the Mercury Seven, though the last steps on the moon with Apollo 17.      We will always remember when Armstrong and Aldrin set foot at Tranquility Base, but mankind never remembers the support crew behind such achievement. Kranz does! and this reader is grateful.
B000009QPE|5.0|I love this album, it gets me so pumped. I especially like the song Angel of Death, but all songs are great. Slayer is an amzing metal band, and this is one of their best.
0679879269|5.0|Well, I can't help feeling deflated now that I have finished this book. I have found the whole series gripping all the way, and in the Amber Spyglass, Pullman wraps everything up so neatly, I felt a little disappointment, because I know that the excitement is over. But the ride was definitely worth it, and I am already thinking about re-reading this series, if I can get back the copies of the books that I have pressed on friends.<br />I think that I enjoyed this the most of the series, because I think that Pullman developed as a writer during this series. Just as I found the Dark Materials a huge improvement over the Shadow in the North series. What I loved about this series was the way that characters are allowed to be both good and bad, and have doubts, and disappointments. Without these, the books would be quite predictable.<br />As it was, this book was full of surprises. We see a lot more of Dr Malone, the ex-nun and scientist from the Subtle Knife, and a whole new species, the Mulefa. We also get the resolution of the revolution against heaven, started by Lord Asriel. There's lots of other wonderful stuff, which I can't tell you, or it would spoil the plot. <br />Let me just say that the ending is unexpected, and I think showed real inspiration on the part of the author. He didn't choose the easy option, which is why I want to return to it, and re-read this book. These are really great books, that will become as immortal as Tolkien.
052594527X|4.0|Tracy Chevalier's novel, Girl with a Pearl Earring, tells the story of the trials of a young girl as she progresses into womanhood in seventeenth century Delft, Holland. The plot intertwines the art of Vermeer and the life of Griet, the protagonist.  After a tragic accident within the family, Griet is forced to support her family by working as a maidservant in the home of a Dutch painter named Johannes Vermeer. Griet's primary focus in the household is to clean the master's art studio, and while she spends much of her time there, she learns about her emotions by watching her master at work. Suddenly, the story then takes a dramatic turn when a member of Griet's family is struck with a fatal disease. She is torn between her true desires and the needs of her family.   Although we have mixed opinions of this summer reading requirement, overall we feel that Chevalier's book paints a fascinating storyline about a well-known Renaissance artist. This book can be a slow read at times; nevertheless, it captures the reader's imagination. The author's vivid imagery guarantees this will be a book you will never forget.
0399146253|5.0|I would never miss a book of this series, but after being disappointed by the last few I wasn't eagerly awaiting this new addition.  What a suprise!  I thoroughly enjoyed this book --couldn't put it down. Cornwell is back to her best form, better than her best in my opinion.  Previous reviewers have already amply described this book, but let me add that the new depth Cornwell gives to the characters of Kay, Marino and Lucy is a real enjoyment. I am eagerly awaiting the next in the series.
B00004YRQA|5.0|It's really quite simple.<br />If you want to save a PS2 game, you need this PS2 memory card -- PS1 memory cards won't work.  If you are playing a PS1 game on your PS2, you must also have a PS1 memory card; PS1 games can't be saved to a PS2 memory card.
0399146253|2.0|The three things I used to like most about the Kay Scarpetta novels were that (a) although part of a series, each novel was a self-contained mystery (b) Kay acted like an intelligent professional, and we saw as much or more of her brilliant work than we did of her private life and (c) the end was always a surprise.  The Last Precinct fails on all counts.  This is actually Part 2 of Black Notice, continuing that story hours after it left off at the end of the last novel.  It is overly long and meandering, and really should have been tightened up and included in Black Notice - the presumption that anyone picking up this book would have read the last one is sheer arrogance.  The scale of Scarpetta's paranoia is embarrassing until the magnitude of the whole plot against her is revealed, which is so far-fetched as to be utterly unbelievable.  But worst of all, the end is obvious a mile off.  I realised what was going to happen exactly 243 pages before it did happen, which is an awfully long time to wait for the previously brilliant Scarpetta to tumble to what is by that stage blindingly obvious.  The earlier novels in this series, particularly Cruel and Unusual, are some of the best books I have ever read, but the standard has been declining steadily over the last several years.  I hope Ms. Cornwell can regain some of her former brilliance and originality and set off in a new and interesting direction next time.  For those who'll read it anyway just to keep up with what's happening, I'd advise you to wait for the paperback or borrow a copy from someone else - this wasn't worth the purchase price.
0399146253|2.0|Let us hope that this installment in the Scarpetta saga is a transition. The character could be an enduring one, but I feel that Cornwell has used up the ME scene and maybe the Richmond scene as well; and as another reviewer has said, has painted herself into a corner. Cornwell has created some compelling characters and in the past has used the police procedural to give them effective voice. Perhaps the impending move to New York will reinvigorate the author and the character.
0767824571|4.0|With the exception of the curious ending that has alway made me think &quot;huh...&quot;, this movie is fantastic.  A combination of the silly and the carefully planned humorous approach, the movie really does get you going.  (My college roommate said that maybe you needed to understand British humor, because he didn't like it that much, but I don't think he is easily amused.)  It bears numerous viewings and pleases a whole crowd.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|The score stands alone!  It's a haunting, thrilling, and ultimately chilling experience akin to Radiohead's 'OK COMPUTER' and Bjork's &quot;All is full of Love&quot;.  While not something to be listened to one track at a time, collectively, it's a wonderfully heart-bearing experience.
B00003CXDG|5.0|It is better than Mission Impossible 1. I loved the motorcycle chase at the end. The only thing that bothered me about the chase was that he could not out run an SUV on a street bike. Motorcycles are faster than that. He even can do some Martial Arts. Jumps up and does high kicks and stuff. There are some cool twists; you don't know if you are looking at the real guy or just a mask. Great movie!
0811826848|5.0|&quot;by The Beatles&quot; about says it all! After decades of books by other people it's nice to see what the The Beatles and the world look like from the perspective of actual Beatles! Speaking of which, there are many previously unpublished photos here that make it feel like you're looking at the Beatles' private photo albums - which in effect you are.<br />This book is sure to do some damage to the non-Beatle Beatle publishing industry.
B00003CWL6|1.0|There are many things that bothered me about this movie. However, the biggest thing that bothered me in this movie was that characters that were supposed to be high school girls were involved in nudity in the movie.
B000024D4R|5.0|Animals is probably Pink Floyd's most underrated album, partially because it was made right in between two more well known PF albums, &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; and of course the monumental &quot;The Wall&quot;. While &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; was more of a tribute to PF's fallen leader, Syd Barrett, &quot;Animals&quot; takes on a whole new idea as a social commentary on the different groups of &quot;animals&quot; that humans become in society. This is another reason why many are reluctant to listen to this album, because they want to hear more music and less commentary.<br />But &quot;Animals&quot; has some of the best musical work that PF has ever done. The 17-minute long &quot;Dogs&quot; goes through so many changes in musical scale that the song almost seems like a musical opera. &quot;Pigs (3 different ones)&quot; has Roger Waters screaming his lyrics about the hoarders of society. And &quot;Sheep&quot;, which ranks as one of PF's best songs, utilizes humorous electronica (you'll know when u listen to it), waters' vocals, and a blistering guitar attack by David Gilmour. These three incredible tracks are tied together by the &quot;Pigs on the Wing&quot; tracks, which add a interesting touch to the beginning and end.<br />Although this album signified the first real rift between Waters and his bandmates (Waters wrote most of the material and Rick Wright (keyboards) barely wrote anything), it remains a PF staple. IF you've listened to Dark Side and the Wall countless numbers of times, discover this album. It adds an awesome dimension to the Pink Floyd legacy.
0790729644|5.0|Now this is a film. Eastwood's seminal Western should really have marked the end of the genre - 'Unforgiven' says all there is to say about a time that has been eulogised as some kind of mythical golden age throughout the history of Hollywood. The fact that he hasn't made a film fit to wipe the shoes of this 1992 classic since emphasises it's power: when 'Unforgiven' ends it feels as though something in the air has changed - as though an era has ended. This is moviemaking at it's darkest, starkest and most brutally honest. The resonance of Unforgiven carries greater weight because Eastwood's name is attached to it - the most famous cowboy of the silver screen, bar John Wayne, spends the first ten minutes of the film rolling around on his backside in a pigsty, and the last 30 minutes ranting deliriously while in a fever.  William Munny is no hero - he is the kind of ruthless killer that Eastwood would have blown away in a stylised hail of lightning-fast bullets in earlier films. Munny is an aged, poverty-stricken widower who is utterly ashamed of his violent past and briefly found redemption through love.  However, his wife is now dead, and the only way he can see to support his children is to take on one last bounty hunting job.  The fact that the wanted men are responsible for mutilating a prostitute seems to lend justice to the quest, and Munny succeeds in drumming up the support of his old partner, played by Morgan Freeman. Together with a young would-be gunslinger who is full of the bravado of youth, the three head for the hills and straight into the hands of Little Bill, the corrupt and sinister sherriff (played by Gene Hackman in Oscar-winning form), another killer from the old days. From their first meeting, a sense of impending doom casts its shadow over the film. We learn that the most effective killers are the ones who shoot their opponents in the back, or unarmed - the ones who keep a straight head, not the best looking ones who are fastest on the draw.Eastwood, aided with a brilliant script by David Webb Peoples, constantly undermines the traditional values of the old Westerns. There is no clear cut sense of good versus evil or justice prevailing over malice. When the kid, clearly feeling greater remorse than he had anticipated after shooting one of the wanted men, and in an attempt to justify his act, says to Munny \\"he had it coming\\" , Munny replies \\"we all have it coming kid\\". And later Munny, describing what it is like to destroy another human being, however much they \\"deserved\\" it, says \\"it's a hell of a thing killing a man, taking away all he's got - and all he's ever gonna have\\". This is the crux of `Unforgiven' - death is final, irreversible, and comes to us all whether we deserve it or not.<br />Unforgiven is a beautifully shot movie.  The gorgeously evocative cinematography displays the colours of autumn at their most poignant and the descent into winter clearly mirrors the coldness at the heart of the film: vengeance must be bought, but at a high price -  their can be no redemption for the avengers, no satisfaction for the avenged. In fact nobody benefits from the terrible denouement, and all we are left with is the knowledge that, even when men do evil things for good reasons, the things they do are still evil.
B00001NFCY|5.0|With songs like Higher and With Arms Wide Open, Creed will dominate this genre of music for years to come.  There is no need to say anything more.  <br />They put Pearl Jam to shame, even if they did come second.
6304712936|4.0|A true pleasure and a joy to experience this masterpiece.  Both the Sound and Film quality is TOP SHELF!  The only problem, is the distraction of RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE, the movie stops, so we may turn it over.  THAT'S RIGHT, can you believe it- THEY FORGOT TO MAKE IT DUAL LAYER! What a &quot;bummer,&quot; this great movie on DVD is a &quot;FLIPPER!&quot;  I really think that Warner Bros should offer to make this right.  I would GLADLY pay the extra cost, not to have to flip it over in the middle.  OR how about a discount to order a second copy?  Hey guys, it is TRULY a G R E A T movie, HOW ABOUT RELEASING IT AGAIN, this time &quot;dual layer&quot; -OK!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|I love Christina Aguilera a lot.  Her first album is really good and her Spanish album is great, even though I can hardly speak Spanish yet.  This is a great holiday cd mixed with great classics like &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot; and &quot;O Holy Night&quot;, and new tunes like &quot;This Year&quot; and &quot;These are the Special Times&quot;.  &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot; is one of the best songs because it doesn't include a lot of distraction from Christina'a beautiful voice.  The only instrument is the bells in the background which mix well with her high voice.  My two other favorites on this album are &quot;This Year&quot;, written by Christina herself, and &quot;These are Special Times&quot;, written by Diane Warren who also wrote &quot;I Turn To You&quot;.  &quot;This Year&quot; is really catchy and not so much a holiday song but still great.  &quot;These are the Special Times' is very much the same.  It can relate to anytime of year but it sooo beautiful!  I can't to see her mature even more on her next album.
B00000IQC8|5.0|I saw a lot of stupid movies in my life , one's with a normal story bad guy's god guy's aline's and a lot of stupid stuff and stupid comedy's like American pie (which use's cheap sex joke's )  but this one is a true comedy nothing fake nothing unordinary but and i think thats why clerks is (if isn't) one of the greatest comedy movies ever made you can watch it as many time's as you want and you'll never get bored .. you might get bored of watching the same action movie that you know the ending and there is no point of watching it again but clerks make us laugh at the funny things that happen to us during our ordinary day <br />the acting is so so funny ,actors making mistake's and sound like they are reading there scrip not saying it and there are some real talented actors like Scott Mosier (the guy who did Willam the Idiot and by the way he and Kevin Smith are the one's who Produced the movie) and also the low  I.Q. Video Customer which  is one of best parts of the movie <br />Kevin Smith is one of the best Directors that came out in the last 5 years , if your idea about a god movie is to have some god laughs' you well fall in love with this one but if you like movies that must have a story and a goal and a perfect plot .. i don't know you might not like it or who know's
B00004XONN|5.0|Those who are not far removed from the status quo could learn a lesson from this CD.  &quot;In Limbo&quot; sounds as if I wrote the music myself--perfection.  After I listened to &quot;KID A,&quot; I ran out and bought every Radiohead CD I could get my hands on.  &quot;KID A&quot; is a bit abstract for the less mature of our generation.  A friend of mine summed it up when he said, &quot;If John Lennon were still alive and making albums today--he would sound like this...&quot;  --I think that was a compliment.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|Not since THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER have I seen a naval movie that  was such an action packed ride. While some have criticized this movie for its historical accuracy and the acting of its cast, Noone can dispute the fact that this movie keeps you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end.<br />Matthew McConaughey is an XO on an American sub in world war II. His mission is to help lead a team of sailors that will pose as Nazis in an attempt to board a crippled Nazi sub and take possession of its encryption devices. From the moment that the team boards the sub until the last credits, you will be wondering if there mission will ever be a success. First rate plot.<br />The visual and audio effects on this film are superb. The visual aspects of this film are fluid and nothing comes across looking like tiny scale models. (A problem that plagued films in the past). The audio track sells this DVD. You will get background noise when appropriate through your rear speakers. This is a great overall home theatre film.<br />The acting is nothing extraordinary, but it doesnt suffer either. While there are no showstoppers such as Sean Connery in THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER, noone drops the ball either. Harvey Keitel is as usual solid in a supporting role. There are some other relatively no name actors that give solid performances. Bill Paxton comes off as whiny and flat at the CO of the american sub. McConaughey gives an average performance. Therefore with acting as a consideration, I cant in good conscience call this a five star flick.<br />The DVD has some nice extras. A &quot;making of&quot; special and a nice piece on how they built the sub in the movie. Some average historical information also. Definately better than most DVD special feature sections.<br />Overall, a solid four star movie and DVD. Great for those who love WWII era movies and a must have for those who love great action. Pick up a copy today.
B000001FS3|5.0|AS A U2 FAN OF MANY YEARS STANDING, I STILL CONSIDER THIS NOT ONLY TO BE THEIR GREATEST ALBUM, BUT QUITE POSSIBLY- IN FACT DEFINETELY- THE GREATEST ALBUM I OWN (I HAVE 300+!) ALL THE SONGS ON THE ALBUM ARE TERRIFIC. OF COURSE, EVERYONE KNOWS THE &quot;RADIO HITS&quot;, BUT FOR DEDICATED FANS LIKE ME, MOST OF THE OTHER TRACKS HAVE SOMETHING IN THEM. APART FROM THE HITS, MY OTHER 2 FAVOURITE SONGS ARE &quot;BULLET THE BLUE SKY&quot; (P.S. WHEN U2 PLAYED THE BOTANIC GARDENS, BELFAST 1997, WHEN BONO SANG THE LINE ABOUT THE AMERICAN PLANES, A LOAD OF LIGHTS LIKE THE LIGHTS OF A PLANE SHONE INTO BONO'S FACE!) MY OTHER FAVOURITE SONG IS THE VERY LITTLE HEARD &quot;IN GOD'S COUNTRY&quot;
B000001GPX|5.0|I loved this recording, and since all the other reviewers have praised its virtues, I'll be brief and get to the point. While this was an awesome recording and dominated the catalog for years, recently an even better one came out. David Zinman and the Tonhalle Orchestra of Zurich. Their version has all the energy and excellent musical qualities of this one and also is just a little faster, and, MOST IMPORTANTLY has a gorgeous oboe part that is not included in the Kleiber performance. That's right, if you only hear this recording, you're not getting all of Beethoven's Fifth. Check out the Zinman recording too. The new Barenreiter edition which is replacing the old edition of Beethoven's symphonies is much more accurate in terms of tempo and includes a few additions and changes that Beethoven later made to some of the symphonies, and they really make a huge difference. Zinman's 7th is also one of those magical recordings that you don't want to miss. A few decades from now, everyone will be using the new edition of Beethoven's symphonies and enjoying those lovely oboe lines that are absent from this recording.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Durst and company have created some more tracks for the rock/rap generation to eat up. Bizkit has yet been able to push there style of music any new levels, and the stupidity of the name of this album is the only thing good about it. <br />Bizkit have exhausted all there talent on there last album, which dose not say much by the way. The lyrics on this album have yet to provide anything meaningful, just abunch of cliche rap sayings and he can't even say those right. The band tries to legtimize their work (if you want to call it that) by inviting some legitamate musicians to do a couple a songs with them. They fail at this aswell. Durst can not sing as well Weiland can and his attempt to flow with Xzbit is truly a sad attempt for Durst to try to rap. <br />I do not call this Band a rap/metal hybrid because they .... at both ends. DJ Lethal has yet to anything realy creative on any of the ablums. All he does is scratch here and there and some turntable breaks and thats it. Durst can not rap. His duo with Method Man on there last album showed how much he can not and on this album we are reminded of this agian. <br />The guitar work is decent, but lacks any real inguinity. Borland needs attention. His costumes reflect the need of it. In a era where guitar heroes are missing (like a Randy Rhoads or Stevie Ray Vaughn, with some notable exceptions) this generation of rock fans have no muscial creative hero. Only Radiohead, Rage and the Deftones are the only popular Rock groups today that provide this outlet for asspiring musicians. Borland leaves us with no great departure musicly from the last album which isn't horable by hard rock standards but, for the praise this bands recieves, he can do something new.<br />Bizkits third album provides us with Rocks Nysnc. Bizkits psdeuo rebelious atitude is funny but, it will lose its influence. Just like all the girls who like Nysnc will grow out of there love for Justin, people will stop carring of Mr. Durst has to say or do.
0792846338|5.0|This is a little B-movie-ish, but it's good thrills. Some of it may make you feel all oogie, and you might think James Caan is a dirty birdy. But it will keep you filled with suspense. Screenwriter William Goldman and star James Caan had a multi-year dry patch before this film, but this was a come-back for them both. It's one of the few Steven King movies that's any good, too!
0425173755|5.0|One of the best mysteries ever! Just when you think you have it all figured out...written in pure Christie fashion! If you get only one mystery this year, buy this one. It will have you similing for days!!!
0553573403|5.0|After exhausting what I had thought was just about all there was in the field of fantasy, and left mostly disappointed, I finally picked up 'A Game of Thrones' and was left utterly in awe.  This book reads more like historical literature than the usual cardboard cut-out fantasy we've been forced-fed for so many years.  Not since that 'other' 'R.R.' in fantasy have I found someone who had such a literal command of what he was doing and how to capture a reader so completely.  What can I say?  The plotting, the view's from so many different characters (which is what I thought REALLY set this novel apart) and the fact that you simply cannot become too close with any specific character, because you just have NO IDEA whether or not they'll live past the next chapter.  I am pleased that all who have read and reviewed this novel and it's sequels, have gone out of their way NOT to spoil the story by revealing WHO dies and other crucial plot twists.  To give you an idea, think of ALL the other novels you have read...think of how many were predictable...how many were TOTALLY original AND IMPOSSIBLY UNPREDICTABLE?  Not many I would guess (if any).  'A Game of Thrones' IS that kind of novel (and so are the next two in the series).  Like many folks I read the reviews wondering HOW in the WORLD this book could POSSIBLY live UP to the praise that was tossed back and forth...it has happened before and will happen again, SOMEONE see's a movie and praises it SO MUCH that it could NEVER live up to the hype...but that is where 'A Game of Thrones' does an about-face...the praise is high indeed, perhaps more than I have ever read before for any other novel--however George R.R. Martin has lived UP to that high praise, and has gone beyond.  His imagination is phenomenal.  His characterization is without equal in modern fiction.  I just MIGHT offend a few fantasy readers with this next comment, but Martin has written a world more detailed and entertaining than Mr. Tolkien did years ago. It'samazing that it took so long for someone to be able to grab hold of a genre like fantasy and not just assume the title of King, but do it with such style.  I submit that Mr. Martin IS the Heir of the Tolkien crown, and he earned it not by stealing it away, but by giving us a story that is truly amazing in scope and texture.  In short, 'A Game of Thrones'is worth every ounce of praise it received and will continue to receive for decades to come.  Do NOT be afraid to admit that Tolkien has finally been eclipsed...George R.R. Martin HAS done it.  This book is already a classic.
0316286443|5.0|Pure Genius! Kevyn not only knows how to 'paint a face', but he's also handy with pen and paper. I loved every inch of this book, from the title page to the credits. As with his previous book Making Faces, he outlines each look he makes and simplfies the process so that the non-professional can achieve a similar finish. If you are looking for a book on make-up and application, look no further. You will enjoy it!!!
B00004XOWM|4.0|I gotta say I've allways leaned more twards the Hevy side of music. I liked Bizkets last album But I LOVE this album. THis is one you just put into your CD in your car and crank it. The Second song on the album puts a great spin On nine inch nails. I cant say enough about this album. Just get it and be prepared to be grooving in your car!
0316286869|5.0|Prior to it's publishing, all the other books on make-up application seemed a bit amatuer. I felt that I wasn't getting what I wanted, but didn't know exactly what that was-until now. Making Faces is a book dedicated to teaching the layperson to become an expert. This was the first time that I got inforamtion about beauty and make-up that didn't come in a magazine (which I end up disposing of). I recommend this book to all, regardless of skin color, age or any other stipulations that we place on using make-up. Kevyn not only makes this a great book by his extreme talent, but also in his words. His warm heart and open-minded views on beauty and life in general are integrated beautifully into the book. Without a doubt, the pinnacle of this genre.
B00001ZULV|1.0|Genesis was a classic progressive rock band up until 1980.  Beginning with 1980's \\"Duke\\" and ending with 1982's \\"Abacab\\", Genesis allowed itself to fall apart artistically, \\"selling out\\" to commercial interests.  Genesis' new direction continues to this very day.  \\"Turn It On Again\\" contains a fair sampling of Genesis' commercial peak, with a few old chestnuts thrown in for fans of their older, more progressive music.  And, in keeping with their commercial direction, Genesis has added a new version of \\"Carpet Crawlers\\" (from their progressive \\"Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\" record) that is purely intended to sell this disc of \\"hot hits\\" to fans of Genesis' older music.  The downfall of Genesis is one of the saddest stories in all of rock and roll.  Genesis are an extremely talented group of musicians.  This is evidenced by the fact that, even though most of the songs on this disc are an embarassment, they are all well-executed.<br /><br />If you are a fan of Genesis' newer, commercial direction, you probably already own most of these songs.  (They are taken from very few records, with Genesis rarely recording in the 80s and 90s.)  If you are a fan of Genesis' older, progressive music, this disc contains a remake of an old song and not much else.  Therefore, I question why anyone would want to purchase this disc.  Like most \\"Greatest Hits\\" packages, it is irrelevant and unnecessary.
B000002UAR|5.0|As much as I've &quot;studied&quot; Harrison's music, one thing is sure. He was not talking about himself when he wrote &quot;Taxman.&quot; He wrote it for &quot;everyman.&quot; If it wasn't obvious then, it should have become clear by the time &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; came to be. Mr. Harrison is probably the most insightful of all the Beatles. With each album (with J, P &amp; R) his music evolved/revolved around the rest of the songs. I don't think any of the Beatles ever wrote a song that wasn't worth listening to. Why not leave it at that?
B00003CX7L|5.0|I've seen this movie 4 times, and three were in the theatre.  Now that I own it... well, who knows?  Suffice it to say, child or adult, I haven't watched this movie with anyone who didn't laugh their way through it.  I'm not sure what makes this movie so fantastic.  It might be the amazing Pixar animation that leaves you wondering if they aren't sneaking in some &quot;real stuff.&quot;  It might be the great characters.  Or it might be the intelligent humor that gently spoofs the world and other movies in a way that appeals to children and adults.  Whatever it is, I'm going to keep watching and telling the jokes to my friends.  And a note to those who watch this movie, you are in for a real treat if you can stick around for the outtakes.
B000002UAR|5.0|As much as I've &quot;studied&quot; Harrison's music, one thing is sure. He was not talking about himself when he wrote &quot;Taxman.&quot; He wrote it for &quot;everyman.&quot; If it wasn't obvious then, it should have become clear by the time &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; came to be. Mr. Harrison is probably the most insightful of all the Beatles. With each album (with J, P &amp; R) his music evolved/revolved around the rest of the songs. I don't think any of the Beatles ever wrote a song that wasn't worth listening to. Why not leave it at that?
B00004X01U|1.0|I was surprised to find this album particularly shallow in lyrics. The electronica/techno sounds were harsh and irritating as well - much different than the grace and harmony of the Ray of Light album. For anyone who does not own Ray of Light, I highly recommend it. For anyone thinking about purchasing Music, listen to it first - don't purchase it just because it's Madonna. Madonna's Ray of Light is rich in lyrical depth/meaning and filled with a beautiful tapestry of sound. Music, to contrast once again, just doesn't leave a good feeling with its empty lyrics and annoying 'harmony'.
0399146253|3.0|Quite truthfully, after reading all the reviews here at Amazon.com I was expecting a horrible book.  But, maybe it is because I just discovered Patricia Cornwell within the last year, so I had nothing to compare this book too.<br />I had read Black Notice, and was very happy to see that The Last Precinct continued where it left off.  What I was not expecting, however, was the twists and turns in the story line that I got with this book.  On more than once occasion I thought I had solved the case, only to find my theories were complete hogwash.<br />I was not disappointed in this book, and look forward to reading more of Ms Cornwell's novels.
B000008H1Y|5.0|You can smell the green grass. You can take some fresh-cold air. You can have a walk among the trees, smell the wet ground and put all your troubles away. Suddenly, &quot;SONGS FROM THE WOOD&quot; is ending. You open your eyes and find yourself back at home, in the dirty-noisy city, with all the bills around, and the CNN is bringing you some more hot news of the real world.
0399146253|4.0|I am disappointed that there seem to be so many folks who are unable or unwilling to delve beneath the successful and &quot;super&quot; surface of a character. What a rich find The Last Precinct is. We are finally given the chance to see that the very successful hero of many books is a real live human being with doubts and qualms and overpowering fears. At the same time the Dr. is so knowledgable about so many subjects, she is woefully naive about such things as how the relationship of Kay and Anna can be used and abused and twisted by a legal system. This character is real and breathing and dealing with devastating loss and trauma. Yet she is able to begin considering the next step in her life and career. The Last Precinct gives me hope that we normal folks can get it together too. I eagerly look forward to where we go next. The Last Precinct left us with leads into at least a dozen new stories. Go for it! An unanswered question that continues to puzzle: why did Mrs. White feel it necessary to tell Dr. Scarpetta that she and her son had changed their names when she married again. I kept looking for that to be tied up neatly.
0399146253|1.0|I wish I knew what was going on.  I've been a Patricia Cornwell fan from the begining and I have read them all.  This is another unmitigated dud.  Not as bad as Southern Cross, but close.  Kay Scarpetta wallows in self-pity in this one, and by the mid-point of the book I have lost all interest in her as a character.  The plot is terrible and not very believable, the writing is stilted, and the whole thing is a poor imitation of her earlier works.  Do yourself a favor and skip this one.
B00004X01U|5.0|MUSIC is kinda different from most of Madonna's other albums, but it's really good. Of course, there were a few songs I could've cared less about, but most of them were completely flawless, like the unbelieveable sound of the title song of the album, &quot;Music&quot;...that one's my absolute favorite! I also love her new single, &quot;Impressive Instant&quot;. Madonna's music has definately changed, but she's still the same good, cool, hip ol' Madonna!
0399146253|4.0|&quot;The Last Precinct&quot; is a return to form of the Kay Scarpetta that her fans know and love.  This is definitely Patricia Cornwell's best book since &quot;Cruel and Unusual&quot;, my favorite in the Kay Scarpetta series.  The only thing that prevents a five star rating is that the first third of the book is bogged down in Kay's introspection.  Granted, Kay was nearly murdered by a serial killer, and is having trouble coming to grips with the fact that she is a victim herself instead of tending to them, but a depressed and paranoid Kay is not a pleasant one to read about.  <br />Judging from the other reviews of Cornwell's books, other readers have shared my frustration as Cornwell has strayed from the series' strengths, tight plotting, spooky atmosphere, unbelievable suspense, and concentrated on Kay's and Lucy's personal lives instead.  The beginning of the book starts out that way, with Kay staying at Anna's, her psychiatrist friend's, house and reflecting on her past.  The action gets bogged down as  Anna questions Kay about her relationship with Benton, her feelings about sex, and her inability to deal truthfully with her emotions.  Once the reader gets past all of that, she is rewarded with an unparalleled suspense tale whose chilling effects will linger long after the book is finished.<br />Many questions are satisfyingly resolved in &quot;The Last Precinct.&quot;  Many loose ends regarding Benton and Diane Bray are explained.  Unlike some of her other recent books that were a chore to finish, this one keeps the reader hooked right up until the very end.  This book may be a frustrating one for a first time reader, but followers of the series should be immensely pleased.   The best part of the book was Kay was caught in a house of mirrors, and had no idea who to trust, not even her longtime sidekick Marino.  There are some lingering questions at the end of the book, the usual way that Cornwell segues into the sequel.  Hopefully, the next Scarpetta book will be as entertaining as &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; was.  This is definitely the kind of writing that made Cornwell a best selling author in the first place.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I initially scoffed and made damning remarks about Creed when they made their debut with My Own Prison. NOT ANOTHER ALTERNA-.... BAND! I've heard the monotonous F guitar riffs before. I've heard the same trendy Scott Wieland/Eddie Vedder/Travis Meeks vocals before. Yet...I bought the .... thing along with Human Clay earlier this year. What transcended the alternative rock cliches was Creed's ability to uplift...to &quot;move&quot; the listener (this listener anyway). The group's shortcomings lie within Stapp's inability to produce a wide vocal range, Tremonti's guitar lines are't the most creative musical pieces, and Phillip's repetitive drum patterns are used repeatedly throughout each song. At least Phillips works his cymbals well...providing crisp and punchy accents on his 8 and 10&quot; splashes, intricate lip/bell patterns on his ride, and eighth note HiHat barks immidiately followed by an extra beat with the hats closed. Cool...but used waaaay too often. I actually liked My Own Prison better as an album, but Human Clay does shine through with some musical and lyrical integrity...it just shows that Creed's best works are yet to come.
0316286443|3.0|Although Kevin Aucoin is an unaparalleld make-up artist, I was disappointed in the lack of practical hints and techniques for the average person in this coffee table book.  Another irritation is the refusal to give name brands for the various foundations, mascaras, blushes, and liptsticks used.  The excuse that Kevin gives that, \\"they may be out of use in three months\\" just doesn't fly.  The real reason is based on the $(dollar) sign--Revlon, Chanel, Arden,  Estee Lauder et al. may not hire Mr. Aucoin if he recommends one brand over another.  This is not helpful to the reader who has no idea what a \\"reddish-brown cream blush\\" or a \\"light beige lipstick\\" is.<br /><br />That being said, the makeovers  of stars and every day people are amazing.
069451960X|5.0|If you like to read stories that follow prescribed rules of writing, this is NOT the book for you. If you enjoy reading stories that break the rules, there is a good chance that you will appreciate this book. I'm not into stories for their artistic value and I'm no literary critic, but wanted to help fellow readers determine if this book is worth their time. Anyway, about the story... the time sequence is presented in a nonlinear fashion, yet the story matures naturally. The characters are real to life, but uncommon to most fiction. The phrases that the author constructs are unique to the written word, but common to the way we speak to ourselves. I heard the story through the audio cassette edition. I thought that the reader, Sarita Choudhoury, did a fantastic job. I know people with similar book preferences who did not enjoy this book in the paperback edition (they thought it was contrived), but when they heard the story through Sarita they loved it as much as I did. I give it five starts, but at the same time I know it is not a story for everyone.
0393312836|5.0|Alex is a 15 year old hooligan in a nightmarish England of the future.  He and his droogs (fellow delinquents) roam the streets at night performing acts of untraviolence and the old in-out, then retire to milk bars and listen to classical music.  Eventually Alex is captured by the authorities and undergoes Ludovico's Technique, a form of brainwashing that makes him ill when he considers violence.<br />The most original feature of this book is, of course, the language that Burgess created for his characters.  It's sort of a bastardized Slavic slang.  It makes it hard to orient yourself at first, but most of the vocabulary can be gleaned from context.<br />What makes the book great, is it's recognition of the central dilemma of man's existence--&quot;Does God want goodness or the choice of goodness?  Is a man who chooses the bad perhaps in some way better than a man who has good imposed upon him?&quot;  Burgess concludes, as I think one must, that it is better to have the choice of good or evil, than to have a society which controls its citizens so completely that &quot;good behavior&quot; is imposed from without.<br />GRADE: A
0780021150|5.0|Anyone who has an interest in films and have not checked out any of Fritz Lang's german originals are seriously missing out.  This film is no exception, a masterpiece in every area - brilliantly paced, meticulously detailing the Berlin Police's painstaking methods of trying to track down Peter Lorre's elusive psychopath in the first half, and a manhunt for Lorre by the Berlin underworld in the second.  Lorre's face when he he is finally caught and is facing dire concequences is so full of innocence and fear you cannot help but feel for him, and the final line (and message) in the film is haunting and unforgettable.  The camerawork in the film is breathtaking at times, and it is superbly acted:  Lorre seems born to play the role and Otto Wernicke provides occasional comic relief as the tough and cocky Comissionar Lohmann (a role he reprised in Langs seminal Testament of Dr. Mabuse, a film BEGGING for a DVD release).  Don't be put off by the films age - it's style is remarkably contemporary and puts down most of todays efforts of the same ilk to shame.  A must-see.
0451527178|2.0|The epigraph to the novel states &quot;Only connect...&quot; and the story is about how folks from different strata of society seem unable to connect &amp; seem especially unable to make the connection between the morality of their class &amp; that of other classes.<br />That said, it is an excrutiating read.  The characters are universally unlikeable, the story drags along and the lesson--about folks not obeying the morality they insist on for others--is obvious &amp; not terribly important.<br />GRADE: D
0393061310|5.0|In 1997, Jared Diamond set the academic world on fire with this seminal tract on the development of human societies. Fifteen years later, the embers from the debate he set off continue to glow. Diamond explains that the reason why the peoples of Eurasia developed complex societies first, and then conquered the rest of the world was due to their guns (weapons), germs (diseases), and steel (technology), which set them apart from all other societies. As a historical illustration, Diamond notes the dramatic events in Cajamarca, Peru, in 1532, when a handful of horse-mounted Spaniards armed with steel swords and helmets fell upon and slaughtered a large host of Incas, subduing them and eventually conquered the Americas. What gave the Europeans the advantage in guns, germs, and steel, according to Diamond was their large-scale food production. Large, populous, societies are able to create complex and centralized governments, specialized trades (including weapons making), and armies. Animal domestication also leads to endemic diseases that these societies slowly acclimate to, but are devastating when introduced to new peoples. Therefore, the origins of \\"Farmer Power\\" comprise the heart of this book. And it is \\"Biogeography\\" that determines farmer power.<br /><br />Farming begins with the domestication of wild plants. The region that contained the highest number of species with domesticable plants was the Fertile Crescent. Therefore, permanent villages, and later cities, what we term civilization, began in Mesopotamia. The second big advantage this region had was a high number of domesticable species of animals. Five species in particular served to aid farmers in Eurasia:  Horses, cattle, sheep, pigs, and goats. These animals allowed farmers to plow land far faster than humans could on their own, thus creating ever larger food surpluses to feed growing populations. Yet these animals were not distributed evenly throughout the world. The larger landmass in Eurasia, combined with the decline of large mammals in the Americas and Australia at the end of the last ice age left Eurasia with the most species of suitable animals. The third geographic advantage of Eurasia was the east-west orientation of the landmass, which allowed farming to spread laterally to new regions. This was not possible in continents with a north-south axis, as the same plants could not grow in a different latitude and hence, climate. Therefore, large-scale farming was commonplace in Mexico and Peru, but the crops that fed the Aztecs and Incas did not suit the nearby regions, the larger landmasses in North and South America which never produced societies quite as populous. Once the peoples in Eurasia had these factors working together, they produced the most populous and complex societies in the world. Writing, technology, and centralized governments followed on the heels of large populations sustained by farmers driving ox and horse-drawn ploughs. These large populations also housed fearful diseases from their livestock, from which they themselves were at least partially immune.<br /><br />When this combination, large populations with writing, technology, centralized governments, and diseases was unleashed on other parts of the world, the results were devastating, particularly the diseases, which Diamond states killed 99 percent of those who were previously unexposed. Diamond details the demise of the Incas at the hands of the Spaniards, but societies all across the Americas and Australia suffered the same fates. As a result, the majority of the people who live in those regions today are descended from Eurasians.<br /><br />By putting together the elements of domesticable plants, animals, and east-west axes, Jared Diamond provided the answer of why civilizations arose where they did, and why Eurasian civilizations developed fastest. This is one of the greatest contributions to our understanding of human history in decades. But as well-received as this book was winingthe Pulitzer Prize, it also has been a lightning rod for criticism. Geography can't be the only factor in history, critics argue. Culture must matter as well.  Diamond answered such attacks in the preface to the paperback edition published one year after the original. A common argument goes that scientific inquiry was encouraged by the Judeo-Christian tradition but was stifled by Confucianism. Yet Diamond notes that Confucius China was technologically ahead of the West until about 1400. Geography trumps culture, according to Diamond. Why this so should be clear to the reader by the end of the book: Geography creates certain material realities that cannot be undone by other factors, and that shape the very broadest patterns of history. Societies cannot grow large without crops, draft animals, and the proper climate. The region of the world that favored these factors was (not surprisingly) the region of the world with the largest landmass, Eurasia. And that is why Eurasians came to dominate the globe.<br /><br />If imitation is the greatest form of flattery, Guns, Germs, and Steel has been flattered indeed. Whereas Diamond explained why Eurasia rules the world, he did not explain why western Eurasia in particular came to dominate. Thirteen years after Guns, Germs, and Steel, another work was published that explained the rise of Europe using a similar geographic framework that Diamond established. Ian Morris, basing his work in large part off this illustrious predecessor, explains the rise of Europe in Why the West Rules as a function of location. In doing so, he picked up where Diamond left off. The circle is now complete.the Pulitzer Prize, it also has been a lightning rod for criticism. Geography can't be the only factor in history, critics argue. Culture must matter as well.  Diamond answered such attacks in the preface to the paperback edition published one year after the original. A common argument goes that scientific inquiry was encouraged by the Judeo-Christian tradition but was stifled by Confucianism. Yet Diamond notes that Confucius China was technologically ahead of the West until about 1400. Geography trumps culture, according to Diamond. Why this so should be clear to the reader by the end of the book: Geography creates certain material realities that cannot be undone by other factors, and that shape the very broadest patterns of history. Societies cannot grow large without crops, draft animals, and the proper climate. The region of the world that favored these factors was (not surprisingly) the region of the world with the largest landmass, Eurasia. And that is why Eurasians came to dominate the globe.<br /><br />If imitation is the greatest form of flattery, Guns, Germs, and Steel has been flattered indeed. Whereas Diamond explained why Eurasia rules the world, he did not explain why western Eurasia in particular came to dominate. Thirteen years after Guns, Germs, and Steel, another work was published that explained the rise of Europe using a similar geographic framework that Diamond established. Ian Morris, basing his work in large part off this illustrious predecessor, explains the rise of Europe in Why the West Rules as a function of location. In doing so, he picked up where Diamond left off. The circle is now complete.
0684800713|2.0|Hemingway's fame seems to rest largely on being the anti-Joyce &amp; on his boisterous lifestyle.  At a time when authors like James Joyce were using denser &amp; denser thickets of language &amp; increasingly nonlinear plots to obfuscate the novel, Hemingway brought a direct reportorial style to his writing.  But, to what end?<br />This is the story of a loose group of American &amp; British expatriates in Paris &amp; Spain in the 1920's.  They lounge about cafes, drinking wine, bickering, brawling &amp; lusting after Lady Bret Ashley.  None of the characters are at all likable and nothing really happens.<br />Without delving too deeply into psychobabble, the most interesting facet of the book is that the first person narrator, Jake Barnes, was emasculated during WWI.  Considering the absurdly self-destructive ends to which Hemingway went to prove that he was macho &amp; the widespread perception that his suicide was fueled by self-loathing over his repressed homosexuality, the book is perhaps most interesting as an artifact of his tortured psyche.<br />GRADE: C-
0517122707|4.0|I must admit:  I have never read a book like Toole's Confederacy of Dunces, or encounted anything like its protagonist, Ignatius J. Reilly.  Though I felt the second half of the book dragged somewhat, there are few books that have made me laugh so heartily so often as this one.  The book is simultaneously philosophical reflection and a sprawling, intertwined comedic masterpiece.  The characters are truely original, the diversionary plots pure madcap, and the ending is perfect.  A great summer read.
B000003S5H|5.0|This is one of the best and finest examples of chill-out/ambient/downtempo music I've found so far. Cleverly striking a balance between too quirky and too conventional, &quot;Moon Safari&quot; is just a smooth album. Not everything works (&quot;Sexy Boy&quot; is out of place, and the vocal tracks are mediocre), but when the album is on (&quot;Ce Matin La&quot;, &quot;Kelly Watch The Stars&quot;, &quot;New Star In The Sky&quot;), it's fantastic. A final note, though: don't expect to instantly love this album. It takes some getting used to, but is well worth it. Great for tossing on before you go to bed or just to calm you down after a long day.
B00003CX8I|5.0|I read a few X-Men comics over 30 years ago when I was a kid so I don't really call myself a true fan (my favorite fictional characters when I was a kid were Batman, The Shadow, &amp; Doc Savage). I will say though that this movie was an entertaining experience for all. The message of human tolerance tied into a fantasy/sci-fi genre story is great. The idea that everyone should have inalienable human rights is something that can never be said enough times, even in this new century. Get ready for what will be the next big film franchise.
B000003CUJ|5.0|I am not sure if chuncks of music do this great epic justice, but if it does, then this is a disc for you.  Maazel's conducting is very convincing and exciting.  The playing of the Berlin Philharmonic is as peerless as ones expects from this best of orchestras.  The recording is very truthful and very good.  I could go into details on certain aspects of this disc, but I will let it speak for itself.   By the way Maazel has recorded 2 other Wagner disc with the Berliner Philharmoniker on RCA and those are also 5 star discs.
0380788624|2.0|Based on Neal's previous great books I expected a stimulating thought provoking good read, but was disappointed. What I got was a book that contained a litlle fascinating material mixed in with what I perceive as waffle.   As an actuary with a minor interest in encryption, I have read some informative books, and am reasonably familiar with the mathematics. Perhaps the book would have seemed better if I did not have this background. Most disturbing were errors which would not have occurred if minimal and easy research had been done eg armed services ranks used in Australia are not the same as those used in the USA.  When I read a book containing basic errors I find it most difficult to accept that other &quot;factual&quot; material is either correct or has sound foundations. Based on this book alone, I cannot recommend the author.
B000050HTO|5.0|Before this compilation, there were 3 volumes of greatest hits.  Some of those volumes were double dics.  This happened because they staggered each volume depending on the various periods of Dylan's career.<br />Finally, he have a digitally remastered set that has every key song from the beginning to as most recently as 1999 (The Wonder Boys soundtrack contribution.)  <br />The quality is fine.  One can only do so much to improve an acoustic guitar and harmonica.  I already owned Greatest Hits Vol. 1.  I wanted his later hits but didn't like the idea of shelling out more money for a Volume 2 and 3.  This set has just the core songs spanning his &quot;entire&quot; career which was perfect for me.  <br />If you own just one of his greatest hits volumes, pick this up to get the complete hits from his WHOLE career.  If you already own all his greatest hits sets/albums, obviously this set is purely useless, unless you want something lighter to carry.
B00003CX8J|4.0|I received a preliminary copy of the X-Men: The Movie DVD and I have to say it's very nicely put together. The menus are a lot like the official website for the movie if you had the chance to check that out last Spring when all the hype was in full swing.<br />As for the movie itself, it's very good, perhaps the best super-hero movie ever made. Director Bryan Singer does a good job of establishing each of the main characters. While not everyone gets the amount of screen time Wolverine does, you get a pretty good sense who these characters are and what they're about.<br />The story is essentially drawn from the X-Men comic book, featuring the team's battle against the violent mutant forces of Magneto, the mutant master of magnetism. Pitted against the X-Men's telepathic mentor, Dr. Charles Xavier, Magneto poses as Malcolm X to Xavier's Martin Luther King. While Xavier wants to establish a peaceful coexistence for mutants among humans, Magneto does not believe humanity will ever accept mutants and therefore adopts a more violent approach.<br />The script could have used a little more tweaking here and there. The dialogue's clunky at times and the one liners aren't very original. The cinematography gives you a pretty good sense of a comic book come to life without going overboard like the Batman films or Dick Tracy. Nothing against those movies, but X-Men takes a more realistic approach to telling a super-hero story.<br />The DVD also includes the trailers and a nice interview with Singer. All in all, a great package!
0800128052|4.0|Attention all cynics...<br />I'm bored with the Rocky story and all its progeny.  I can't stand strained Jerry Goldsmith musical scoring.  I'm not even really a football fan, and don't 'get' the whole Notre Dame mystique.  And I've always thought Sean Astin to be the dullest of actors.  So why, then, does the climax of 'Rudy' consistently set my tear ducts flowing, and produce a lump in my throat the size of a football?<br />Because it just throws obstacle after obstacle at this kid.  Because it is all so improbable, and true.  Because we see a series of stoic, hardened men (including characters played by Ned Beatty, Robert Prosky, Jason Miller, Chelcie Ross, and especially Charles S. Dutton -- all great) turned into enthusiastic innocents by this one boy.  Because it just takes so damn long to get to the conclusion, that all that emotion has to go somewhere, doesn't it?  And because Sean Astin actually does a credible job making you believe that his short, pudgy, untalented, unathletic, dyslexic yet determined Rudy could pull the whole thing off.  This is not a great movie, but it does accomplish its goal.  It does move you.<br />Also, check out the pre-&quot;Swingers&quot; Vince Vaughn and (an enormous) Jon Favreau.
0345423496|1.0|As I said in the review about 2061, the series should have ended with 2010, because it had the perfect open-ended way of finishing the series. 2061 and 3001 are not important at all, and with all its inconsistencies 3001 is much worse than 2061.<br />I recommend 2001 and 2010 only, and also some other classics from Clarke like Childhood's End and Rendezvous with Rama.
B0000035E7|3.0|For $600 this is class, but overall not a match for the later albums. The first side is superb, with some neat brief lyrcis and some pounding grungy guitars, but much of the second havlf after Negative Creep is very indistict and sort of blurs into one messy stodge. But School, Love Buzzz, Negatvie Creep and Downer are class. In reality it's no surprise that the much better Nevermind was the album to break them, as while this has some class Soundgarden and Mudhoney were doing better things at the time
B0000041TD|5.0|This recording beats all others hands down.  The orchestra is perfectly contained by Karajan (who's often criticised attention to smoothness and containment work beautifully here) and provides an excellent backing to the singers, who sing marvellously.  Pavarotti is fantastic throughout and even Harwood, who I didn't think would be very good as Musetta, is excellent.  However the star of the performance is Freni, who is absolutely faltless as Mimi.  Her Butterfly is excellent, but her Mimi is exquisite.  Given the fantastic sound quality (neglecting the extraordinarily annoying pan from left to right at the end of Act II which I put down to a fascination with Stereo gone wrong) you could not wish for a better recording.
B000002N2P|5.0|This one seems to divide opinions, and it's definately a bridging point from the old stuff to the new stuff. The sound is faster, more riff-heavy, more singalong and more bouncy than Dookie, showing a pop edge as well as a rock one. SO many songs on this disc will be shouted at  the top of my voice for as long as I have one, especially Stuck With Me, 86, Armatage Shanks and Walking Contradiction, but with its light yet full sound this is a seminal record. I think the main reason some people prefer Dookie is that it's very similar, one or two tracks sound a lot like some of Dookie, but after playing both to death this is the one I return to.
B000007ODY|1.0|When I put this CD on for the first time I had high expectations.  The opening of the Brahms no. 1 with the beating tympani and tortured strings is probably best described as apocalyptic.  It was thus with laughter that I responded to this recording of the Brahms no. 1: Karajan takes it mf and andante.  This is the apocalypse a la Mr. Smoothie: no rough edges, no bight, no edginess ... no excitement.  And I think that typifies the set - it is simply unimaginative, laboured and at times comically so.  Much better to get the Kleiber Brahms no. 4 and steer well clear of this collection.
0553274503|5.0|We had to read this book for class.  I didn't think I would like it too much 'cause someone said it was like &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot;, which I didn't like, but this book is completely different.  It is strikingly original, at some points sad, and very, very good.  The story is about a mentally challenged adult named Charlie Gordon.  He has an operation that makes him very intelligent.  The rest you will have to read the book to find out.  This book really makes you think of how fortunate we are and that we really shouldn't take things for granted.  A must read.
B000001G7O|3.0|While Mutter is absolutely marvelous in this recording, Karajan is awful.  It sounds as if he was on a sedative of some sort at the time.  I have never heard the first movement plod as badly as it does in this recording.  It's a pitty that Mutter didn't give Karajan a bit of a poke with her bow during some of the orchestral passages to get him moving.
0671775308|5.0|This book is fascinating, and very useful if you want to create a financially secure future for yourself and your family.  However, if what you want is a materially ostentatious life, the rolex, the cars, the clothes and other trappings of people who live the high life, you won't like this book because its lesson is simple:  live below your means, live frugally, save money, invest.  The authors went looking for people whose bottom line net worth was from one to ten million.  They found that these people are rarely ostentatious, and are very frugal and humble.  I found it interesting that many of them are small business owners in very &quot;dull&quot; businesses.  Also the chapters on the children of these millionaires was eye-opening.  Basically, adult children who receive cash gifts from their parents save less and spend more than children who have to make their own way in the world.  The children who know they have to be self-sufficient save more, live more frugally, and actually have more than their subsidized brethren. Very useful book, encourages us to keep on saving, stop spending, live life more fully.  Another helpful book like this is &quot;Your Money or Your Life.&quot;
B000002E5J|5.0|&quot;Where Are the Thieves&quot; is a much stronger, more mature work - make no mistake; but this album is a gem. I was searching for salsa music about a year ago when I came upon this album, and I had never heard of Shakira, but little did I know then that she would soon become my favorite singer and &quot;Mi Corazon!&quot; If you have passed on this album, thinking it is an immature work - you are wrong. The innocence and vitality of Pies Descalzos is what makes it so special! This is the one you will always come back to - no matter HOW big she becomes in the future.
B000005ILF|5.0|Plenty of people have remarked on this CD being &quot;dark.&quot;  I disagree. &quot;Soul Cages&quot; was dark.  This is nontheless an excellent CD.  I love it because of its melancholy.  It is a terrific Winter album, and a hell of a lot better than &quot;Brand New Day.&quot;  &quot;Day&quot; played like sting scraping the bottom of his creative barrel for any musical tricks he hadn't already used.  &quot;Desert Rose&quot; is little more than a Stingified &quot;Kashmir.&quot; Not to say that &quot;Brand New Day&quot; doesn't have a few good songs, but &quot;Mercury&quot; is an experience -- not filler book-ending a couple of radio-friendly hits.
0767836251|5.0|I've seen both Dangerous Liaisons and this film and the one who calls the former &quot;superior&quot; is wrong.  The real highlight of the film is Sarah Michelle Gellar's character, and I am saying though I never really liked any of her other film and TV works.  I've yet to see such talent.  Gellar never holds back to show her talent. <br /> Aren't you sick of those teeny-bopper movies in which the girl always get wooed by the guy?  Well, Gellar as Kathryn is  certainly none such.  Kathryn is a woman of sexuality and bitter cynicism.  She and her steprother Sebastian are both decadent and very sophisticated, smooth in every way.  Yet she exceeds Sebastian in the sense that she makes her promisicuity a secret and she maintains her &quot;good&quot; reputations as school president.  Furthermore, I have yet to see a female character in a film who possesses such confidence and pompous pride in her sexuality. This is a woman who takes control of her destiny. This is why Cruel Intentions is an innovative film. <br />The duo scenes with Kathryn and Sebastian ooze with naughty sexual tension, all done in the most sophisticated grace, of course.  Trust me, you NEED to watch them. <br />Unlike Dangerous Liaisons, there are no nude scenes.  However, trust me when I say this film is VERY RISQUE.  <br />The whole cast is excellent. Selma Blair as the innocent, yet VERY curious Cecil is charming. As for Reese Witherspoon, this is quite a contrast to the other roles I've seen her such as Pleasantville and Election.  Nevertheless, her talent in undeniable.  Ryan Phillippe as Sebastian (thank goodness, he doesn't play the sterretypical senstivie guy in this film) matches Kathryn's seductive talent.  <br />However, the ending is rather weird, so I suggest you to skip the ending.  The best part is the beginning.
B00004YW6I|5.0|PJ Harvey returns with yet another brilliant album.  Moving away from the electronic/experimental tendencies found on Is This Desire?, this album features a return to a more guitar-based formula that at times recalls her work on Dry and Rid Of Me.  The crunchy guitar of &quot;Kamikaze&quot; and &quot;This Is Love&quot; would fit in perfectly on either of those albums.<br />Several other tracks on the album are lighter songs that feature acoustic guitar and polished pop/rock production with beautiful layering of guitars, synths, pianos, etc.  One of these tracks, the wonderful &quot;This Mess We're In&quot;, features Radiohead's Thom Yorke on lead vocals dueting with Polly Jean.<br />From the album-opening rocker &quot;Big Exit&quot; to the album's lovely, somewhat minimalist, finale &quot;We Float&quot;, this album shines.  While most of PJ's albums since Rid Of Me have moved in a radically different direction from the last, this one retreads old ground to combine old and new.  The result is a captivating rock album that ranks among her best.
B000001GQH|3.0|Herbert von Karajan always played &quot;impressionist&quot; music in a strange way. At a glance, Debussy should be his favourite composer, because his music requires beautiful sound, and Karajan's sound is as beautiful as sound gets. Unfortunately, Herbie is often tempted to look for spectacularity where you shouldn't find it; so &quot;La Mer&quot; sounds much more like Berlioz than Debussy. The &quot;Pictures&quot; are much better, but they fall short from being completely convincing; even though the Berliners play at their best, there's something missing; you can't feel the mysterious sadness of the Old Castle, nor the excitement of the Limoges market, nor the impressive sense of &quot;spleen&quot; that makes the Catacombs so great. The only conductor - after Toscanini - who made the Pictures sound really good is probably Sinopoli, in his DG recording with the NYP. Fortunately, Karajan's Bolero is a pure beauty: nobody ever found a more ideal way to play the &quot;crescendo continuo&quot;. If you love Bolero as much as I do, you can forgive Karajan and buy this CD in spite of its disappointing overall quality.
6302038324|5.0|God, this movie is weird. (But I love it)  Every time I watch it I understand something new about the symbolism that is everywhere in it. If you're looking for a reasonable attempt at unravelling unknown segments of history, look somewhere else. If you are looking for a wild ride that will make your pulse pound and make your little grey cells work harder, see this film: the first time I saw it I was still thinking about what it all meant for days.
B00004XONN|4.0|Its funny I wouldnt consider me a Radiohead fan and after listen to it for the first time I wanted to throw it away. But I forced me to listen to it again and again and it only gets better every time I listen to it
B00003CXFG|4.0|This movie reminded me of Starship Troopers as I never heard of it drawing a large box office audience, but once it came out on vhs and dvd, a buzz starts up about it from the few who did watch it in theaters. I must say, like Starship Troopers, Pitch Black was a refreshing surprise. The story starts slow but has a quicker pace throughout the rest of the move. The special effects use cgi but not overwhelmingly unlike other recent movie releases like Mission to Mars that it just seems fake. And this movie was way, way better than Mission to Mars. The dvd images are pretty clear though you might notice some artifacts during the darkest scenes. The aliens don't really look too special. They kinda reminded me of Aliens with Hammerhead shark heads. But they do act pretty creepy as they stay within the dark, fight and kill amongst themselves, and persistently stalk their prey just withing the fringes of the prey's light source. I really recommend this movie to sci-fi/thriller fans.
B00000J2L8|3.0|What can be said about this film that hasnt already been said before?  From the opening titles (with the bizarre lettering and the images of airplanes coupling) to the inevitable ending, its a masterpiece.<br />The real fault in this product is the DVD itself.  The details above claim varying screen ratios at different points in the film; its all 4:3 size.  The transfer is atrocious; you can see every speck of dust and pin hole present in the celluloid version.  And I dont care if Kubrick authorized minimal screen menus or not - the generic Columbia/Tristar menu and total lack of extras makes this feel like a cookie cutter product.<br />With all that said, though, its still one of the best movies ever and well worth your time to watch.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Spiritual metaphors, crunching guitars, and kickin' bass...What more could a rock-music fan ask for?  With all the heart-searching pathos of the grunge movement and all the reality-based hopefulness of the new millenium, Creed manages to put together an album that lingers on the borders of greatness.<br />While refusing to accept the &quot;Christian&quot; label, the band explores life and meaning from a decidedly Biblical view.  Yet, they refuse to sink into sappy cliches and moralistic platitudes.  &quot;Hey, Mr. Seeker...seek and you will find!&quot; they sing on the opening tune, and they respect the listener enough to avoid empty sermonettes in every song.  The clues are there-- the stepping stones to something greater and more satisfying than the nihilism and self-gratification of many rock groups--but Creed is smart enough to provide only tantalizing glimpses into truth, smart enough to know they don't have all the answers.<br />Edit out the voice of Scott Stapp and his thought-provoking lyrics and you still find a band that can stand on its own two feet; reinsert the voice and words and you find an album that will linger in our memories beyond its respectable run at the charts.<br />This one's a classic in the making.  Don't be surprised if one day, twenty years from now, you come home to find your rebellious teen listening to &quot;Human Clay.&quot;  Be even less surprised if you find yourself singing right along unrehearsed.
B00004XOWM|1.0|These guys shouldn't even be listed under metal!!  Do you remember when ANTHRAX did this kind of music?  How about BIOHAZARD??  They sure are singing a different tune now!!  This is not metal!  How did this band end up here?  They should be in the R&amp;B section!!  If you listen to this, please don't call yourself a METAL HEAD!!  You'll just embarrase the rest of us whol truly listen to metal!!
0679879269|5.0|First of all, can I just say WOW.  When I read THE AMBER SPYGLASS, I sat there in a daze for the rest of the day, trying to sort it out.  Pullman weaves a book so intricate that you have to totally leave yourself behind and follow him.  We see more about Mary Malone, Lord Asriel's fortress, Mrs. Coulter's REAL intentions (and although they are not entirely honorable or good, I think she meant well), and - yes, much to my dismay - we watch the romance that we KNEW was coming between Will and Lyra unfold.  <br />One thing that I've noticed about the whole His Dark Materials series is that Pantalamion began to fade into the background more and more as it progressed.  Oftentimes I caught myself wondering through this book where he was and what shape he was in.  Some of the other people who've read this complain that the amber spyglass didn't really have anything to do with the book - so why would Pullman name it that?  Because all of the titles are either Dust detecting/using devices.<br />Pullman is a master at characterization.  Especially when Lyra had to leave Pan on the dock in the World of the Dead - I cried my eyes out.  The best thing about the characters though is that we can all relate to them.  The ending left me crying and stamping my feet, but it was appropriate. (I've also noticed that Pullman has a little trick that he plays on us vulnerable readers: as soon as he brings his two main characters together, for example Will and Lyra - or Fred and Sally, from the Sally Lockhart trilogy - he loves to wrench them apart just as quickly.  Sooooo sad!)  Anyway, buy the book, be astounded at the author's craft, and treasure it forever.
B000002AV5|5.0|I didn't need to buy this CD because I already have all four of Sade's releases, but a friend left this laying around the house, so I gave it a listen. This is a greatest hits compilation that lives up to its billing. Usually, on this type of collection, the listener gets maybe 4 or 5 truly great hits and some filler. Such is not the case here because all 16 tracks are fabulous. The only songs that are missing are &quot;Maureen&quot; and &quot;I Couldn't Love You More,&quot; but I suppose there had to be some cut-off point.<br />Sade is one of my all time favorite artists because she is just so smooth and mellow. Her songs may be a little tortured, but that delivery is always flawless. And the inclusion of some of her uptempo cuts should silence critics who claim that she is monotonous. My top picks are &quot;Is it a Crime&quot; &quot;Jezebel&quot; &quot;No Ordinary Love&quot; and &quot;The Sweetest Taboo.&quot;
6303234844|5.0|THE BEST CONCERT EVER RECORDED. GABRIEL SURROUNDS HIMSELF WITH THE MASTERS. LEVIN, KATCHE. WHERE IS THE DVD? THE EAGLES HAVE A DVD, WHERE IS THE DVD OF THIS SPLENDID PERFORMANCE??
B00004YW6I|5.0|In a country where someone as reactionary as Dubya is considered presidential, I don't look for her to become a star. But, my God, what a record. She's always been interested in the place where the carnal and spiritual meet, but this is the first time that longing has consistently extended beyond the lyrics. The groove here is warm, playful, confident, often downright exuberant. Even the dour moments (of which there are few) are embued with a grace that feels like contentment. Oh, and she's playing guitar again!
0783242808|5.0|This movie wins laughs from its honesty.  This, more than any other highschool movie, focuses on probably the most significant subject of adolescent life:  sex.  Lots of laughs and memories are ensured, buy it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Ok lets start,first track,testify,this completely blew me away this is what RATM are about.Track 2,guerilla radio,this song is legendery if you know anything about RATM you will know about how this song mixes rock with hip-hop.Track 3,calm like a bomb,now this is something special a strange combination of rock and hip-hop again but sounds differant to guerilla radio completely.Track 4,mic check, now this is just hip-hop really,and its completely amazing,one of the best of there songs ever(and great dj'ing as well).Track 4,sleep now in the fire,back to what RATM do best...rock,with a little bit of really cool ryhming too.The rest is just pure class,i really can't describe it,there is just something here for almost everyone, i would'nt say they have broken the boundries of the music genre like the beastie boys did with hello nasty,but who cares its great! Buy this album now,or you will never forgive yourself!
B00004XONN|1.0|Yeah, this is pretty bad. I could use an electronic keyboard and sound more innovative than these people. Radiohead relies on really boring electronica to make their bad music more interesting. It works for a couple of minutes, but then you realize how stupid it is and you just shut it off. Kid A is simply the epitome of Radiohead's very bad music. Happy listening!    P.S.-Did you see their ridiculous performance on &quot;Saturday Night Live&quot;?----Ha! Ha! Forever.
B00004XQP4|5.0|You like Greenday. Greenday makes you happy. you will buy this CD, not becasue they don't stop rocking and you know this is another classic in the making, with all songs that are a hit!. It is because they make you happy and turn your grey skys blue. If you don't buy this you will experience a great pain in you left ear. so don't say I didn't warn you..
0062502182|5.0|I have read this book and it has been a big help to focus on my achievements. The Alchemist taught me that, we do not have to give up in this life. The Alchemist tells you how to find your spirit, and the most wonderful things, are around you and they are free. There is no doubt that PAULO COELHO the writter has such great feelings to describe failure and success.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|In the States, the 80's were all about the one-hit wonders.  A-Ha were a big part of that movement, with their catchy &quot;Take On Me&quot; and that great rotoscoped video.  After that, everyone forgot about them.  Why did I buy their second album?  I loved it, but why did I buy their third?  After a year I was the only one I knew who still listened to A-Ha, and after five years I was the only one who knew they were still recording albums.  Nowadays it seems no one in America even remembers they existed.  Which is sad, because this band never disappoints.  They're superstars in Denmark and much of the rest of the world, and this album, like the rest, proves why: Punchy, haunting and rocked-out all at once.  The band has by now learned as much from Live as from Yello, but they're wise enough to hold on to their signature songsmanship, those solid tuneful riffs that remind you you're listening to an a-ha track that knows where it's been and where it's going.  This album is fantastic, well worth the years-long wait.  Why are these guys not superstars stateside?  It doesn't make any sense.  But hey, what do I know?  I'm just a stupid American.
B00000BKI4|3.0|I approached this album after hearing such an extraordinary amount of acclaim, that it was probably inevitable that I would be disappointed.  <br />First, much of this album consists of instrumentals that are interesting but generally unimpressive; I find myself skipping them when I listen to album now - I Collect Coins, The Happy End, and The Funny Bird are all sort of meandering and clunky.  <br />Most of the other songs have strong melodies, but only a few of them are as inspired as the critics made them out to be. Some of them struck me as being overproduced.  Opus 40, for example, was much better when I heard them perform it without all the weepy strings and synthesizers.  All the xylophone and plucked strings on Tonite It Shows seemed overdone; they didn't really add sonic depth, but were there just for the sake of being there.  Goddess on a Hiway is the only song here that I can say is great without any reservations.  <br />However, if you don't expect this album to be a top to bottom masterpiece, there a number of good songs.  Holes, Hudson Line, Endlessly, and Delta Sun Bottleneck Stomp are all good, especially the last one.  Buy it, I suppose, but don't expect it to change your life.
6304080921|4.0|Bruce Willis has some excellent movies (Pulp Fiction, Nobody's Fool, Die Hard) some pretty good movies (Striking Distance, Sixth Sense, The Whole 9 Yards) and some awful movies (Hudson Hawk, Last Man Standing, Blind Date.)  This sci-fi thriller is one of his better ones, albeit not the best.  It probably does qualify as one of Brad Pitt's best movies, though.  Good Sci-fi, great plot twists, interesting characters.  Definately worth watching.
B00003CX7L|5.0|I unfortunately missed this in the theatre; I wanted to go see it but my boyfriend made me see James Bond instead.  What a mistake.  Toy Story 2 is as good, if not better, than the first one.  Unlike Disney's other sequels, this one is so good.  Lots of puns, laughs, and cute little moments.  My roommate and I were practically laughing throughout the entire movie.  :)  So, if you liked Toy Story at all, definately watch the sequel.  You won't be sorry.  Hahahahahaha!
B00004Z1MN|4.0|This underrated thriller was marketed as a father-son drama, and that's part of the equation.  But what you get is also part sci-fi, part murder mystery.  I hven't seen a suspense movie this good since The Fugitive, and I don't say that lightly.
B00003CX5P|4.0|I am a big movie buff.  I don't like typical action films (e.g., John Woo) and I stay away from Hollywood romantic comedies.  However, I STILL liked this movie, despite the incredible amount of criticism that surrounded it.<br />Granted, Jar-Jar Binks is annoying and there were not any chracters that really stood out (a la Han Solo style).  Nonetheless, I still chalk this up as a movie that IS worthy of being in the Star Wars vein.  But just barely.<br />Ewan McGregor was truly the best actor in this film as Obi Wan - I look forward to seeing him in the future Star Wars movie.  He can carry himself as well as any Jedi I know. :-)  Unfortunately, Lloyd's stilted and forced acting as Anakin Skywalker makes me relieved that we won't be seeing him again.<br />Some people I know found that the plot was too complex - wranglings between the Federation and the Republic seemed too political somehow, it has been said.  But I liked the shadow of what is to come (dare I say, The Phantom Menace?) and eagerly await seeing how the Empire grows.  And what is it that turns Skywalker into Darth Vader?<br />I think that there are some problems with the film, but I saw it twice and loved it each time.  And, remember, this is just a set up for the rest of the movies.
0790751305|5.0|For any fan of Eastwoods Spaghetti westerns, or anyone who simply enjoys a good movie, this is nothing short of a masterpiece.  Eastwood's character, a washed up aging gunfighter, could be any of his earlier characters from Josey Wales, High Plains Drifter, A Fistful of Dollars. Heck, it could even be Dirty Harry.  Seeking redemption, this anti-hero returns to the only thing he knows: whiskey and violence.  But the message comes through loud and clear that this answer leads nowhere fast.<br />This movie includes one of the great lines of Eastwood's career: &quot;It's a hell of a thing killing a man- you take away everything he's got- and everything he's ever gonna have.&quot;<br />It also has outstanding performances from Gene Hackman and others.  Highly recommended.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Some say that it is hard to make a funny movie about the Holocaust.  I must admit, some of the scenes were very funny in this film. I found, however, that, once they got to the Nazi concentration camp, even those things that were funny I could only see through a haze of intense sadness.  And I think that was the intent of the film.  Some of the funny scenes I coul dnot laught at.<br />Benigni is able to weave light through the dark pattern of the Holocaust horror.  And he does this showing the deep love of a father for his son, a love that is unconditional, even to death.  It is not a movie about laughing about the Holocaust, it is about laughing in the face of evil, because no matter what they take from you, they can never take away love.<br />For those who question that comedy can be made on this subject, may I say that I have never wept so deeply after watching a movie.  It affected me even more than Schindler's List because it was more subtle, and in so being, went deeper.
B00004XONN|1.0|george michael was right. a lot of the new  music coming out of britain today is rubbish, and  the new radiohead record proves it won't get better anytime soon. this is a very hard record to listen to. only die hard radiohead fans will love it, and even they may become frustrated by the &quot; experimentation&quot; the boys have put into the record. i'm all for being ambitious, but don't be so ambitious to the point that people can't understand your music. it debuted at number 1 on the u.s. charts,and its already out of the top 10.buy it only if you really like radiohead, but don't say i didn't warn you....
0679879269|4.0|I found myself at first surprised, then annoyed, by the theology presented by Pullman (most fully) in &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot;.  Calling it a &quot;theology&quot; doesn't do it justice.  Woven into the fabric of this book, it's much more; on its own, much less.<br />This book's view of theology and religion is very narrow, the views presented are chosen very selectively.  Pullman gives us an oddly Christian view of theism while managing to completely avoid the explicit mention of Christianity or Christ.  It is centered entirely on the creation myth and the fall of man, its realization of this perspective a sort of caricature of the catholic church at its most intolerant.  It is, in a way, Judeao-Christianity with all the good bits left out.  He sets this straw man up as representative of all that theism and religion are -- indeed, all that they ever could be -- then, predictably, knocks it down.  His theme is that religion and its practice are nothing more nor less than irrational authoritarianism.<br />His theme, by itself, is sufficiently interesting and provocative to justify a novelistic examination.  That he doesn't demonstrate or prove this theme, but simply asserts it and builds his straw man around it, is this book's profound weakness.  It will be convincing to no one who doesn't already believe it.  To the rest of us, it's shrill.  My surprise is that he is willing to offend so many, my annoyance that he realizes his theme so thinly and justifies it so poorly.  It owes a lot to Milton, but is not even a child's substitute.<br />However, let us back off a few steps and not expect any real intellectual rigor.  If we do this, we then can accept his theme as part of our suspension of disbelief, allow this caricature to stand in as fantasty's requesit uber-villain, and take satisfaction in seeing its defeat.  This is what we need in a fantasy, and it's refreshing to see it expressed in the particulars with such originality.  If we don't demand that Pullman prove his theorem, if we let it be simply provocative and interesting, then &quot;His Dark Materials&quot; is the better for it.  Few fantasty novels even begin to examine the philosophical underpinnings of their morality: Evil simply *is*, it doesn't occur to us to ask if it really is not.<br />These books certainly do *not* present a rational materialist viewpoint.  They accept a mythologized universe a priori, then redefine its morality.  It is in this way very theistic.  And it's not a bad read.prove his theorem, if we let it be simply provocative and interesting, then &quot;His Dark Materials&quot; is the better for it.  Few fantasty novels even begin to examine the philosophical underpinnings of their morality: Evil simply *is*, it doesn't occur to us to ask if it really is not.<br />These books certainly do *not* present a rational materialist viewpoint.  They accept a mythologized universe a priori, then redefine its morality.  It is in this way very theistic.  And it's not a bad read.
0064431789|5.0|someday when your old and tired and cynical and sad you think of a book you read a a child. you remember the monsters in it that (slightly) frightened you (hey .. i was a cowardly kid sue me :) ...you think of the lil kids who gets sent to bed without supper (not infrequently :)... you think of how vivid how real how the book let your imagination grow a jungle in your room.<br />and you smile. its been twenty years since i first read the book and probably fifteen since i last read it. and it made me smile a minute ago. i hope children will smile twenty years from now when they read it ..
0812589041|5.0|I'm NOT a heavy sci-fi fan. &quot;Light&quot; sci-fi, maybe.  Defiantly not deep-space/starship stuff.  But I read great reviews, this book is considered a classic already, so I gave it a try.<br />What can I say?  I've swallowed this book in 2 sittings (A lot for me).  This book is amazing. Although the setting is sci-fi, this book touches a lot of other human life themes. Ender's Game paces along without one dull moment, it developed a strong sense of &quot;bonding&quot; with the hero (Ender, a young, and VERY talented boy), has action, suspense, human insights, and yes, just the correct size of sci-fi imagination.<br />You see, I won't repeat the plot again; I just want to get as many people as I can to read this wonderful book.
B00004XONN|5.0|It is a truly amazing experience.
B0000508U6|5.0|If only they received the same kind of hype here in the U.S. - these guys are mmm-mmm GOOD!  Those of you who are tired of the stupidity of the rap-rock groups (Limp Bizkit, Kid Rock) that are popular nowadays AND want to hear something that's bound to stand the test of time AND like Radiohead and Travis - try this.
B00004TRD8|5.0|As I opened my Amazon.com box revealing a shiny outer metal casing for this DVD, I knew I was in for something special.  This &quot;Ultimate Edition&quot; impressed me even before opening the plastic wrapping!  Soon, I slid off the metal T2 casing revealing a beautiful 2 disc DVD package.  The graphics on the outer casing and on the discs themselves are quite creative.  The booklet is also impressive....30 pages of photos and interesting facts concerning James Cameron, his crew and the film.  It also has a detailed list of the chapters and a list with information on the restored footage.  OK...so far I have a huge smile on my face, and I haven't even popped the DVD into my player yet.  By the way, if you plan to keep the booklet inside the DVD case, make sure you close it tightly!  This booklet is so thick, you'll have problems keeping the package closed!  Anyway, I finally pop in Disc 1.  The animated graphics are terrific!  Disc 1 contains the theatrical release of the film, the special edition with restored footage, and the magic &quot;easter egg&quot; ending.  It also gives you an assortment of audio options including Dolby Digital 5.1 EX, DTS 5.1 and Dolby Surround 2.0.  You also have the choice of audio commentary by 26 cast and crew members!  What I thought was really great about the commentaries was that the name of the person talking is shown on the screen with their credit, so you always know who is talking without getting confused.  That was a pleasant surprise.  You also have the choice of English subtitles and &quot;Mission Profiles&quot;, which are biographies of many cast and crew members.  You can also jump to any scene you want with an impressive &quot;timeline&quot; graphic.  Being THX certified, this disc also contains a THX set-up.  OK...so lets talk about the DVD.  I decided to watch the &quot;Special Edition&quot;.  After a very impressive new THX logo, I sat back and watched the film.  Instantly, the sound was top notch.  If you have a subwoofer, you may have to make sure that anything hanging on your walls are securely fastened.  The remastering job on this film is amazing.  The stereo separation, the ambience, vocals and music all sound incredible.  This film really set a new standard for sound design when it was first released, and this DVD compliments the sound department to the fullest.  You are thrown into a surround sound environment that is addicting and thrilling. Even those with simple 2 speaker set-ups will be happy, but those with advanced surround systems will have some explaining to tell the neighbors.  This DVD is a great test for your system.  A true audiophonic, stereophonic thrill.  OK...enough about the sound...what about the picture?  Well, the picture is also superb, with incredible detail and beautiful deep blacks.  Color saturation is beautiful with deep blues throughout the film.  The transfer is incredibly clean.  Can you believe that I can STILL see the wires suspending Arnolds motorcycle as he jumps into the canal!!?? (Chapter 21, I believe.)  Anyway, the widescreen presentation of T2 is definitely the &quot;ultimate DVD experience.&quot;  **By the way, SLOWLY type in 8-2-9-9-7 in the main menu AFTER you choose &quot;Special Edition&quot;.  This accesses the secret &quot;Extended Special Ediion.&quot;  (different DVD players may require you to press 'enter' after each number, while others may not.)**  OK...let's talk about disc 2 which contains all the supplemental material.  The opening graphic animation is really great.  This animation brings you to the main menu.  The main menu is subdivided into 3 sections....&quot;Information Programs&quot; which has 3 featurettes, &quot;Making of T2&quot;, &quot;T2, More then meets the eye&quot;, and &quot;The making of T2 3D&quot;.  The second section, &quot;Visual Campaigns&quot;, has a &quot;Teaser Trailer&quot;, two &quot;Theatrical Trailers&quot;, and a &quot;T2 Special Edition Trailer&quot;.  The thrid section, The &quot;Data Hub&quot;, has all other supplemental material.  This includes 574 still frames of the final shooting script, original storyboard sequences, a bunch of video sequences including videos of James Cameron, the co-writer, the effects designer, stunt coordinator, interviews with cast and other crew members and a BUNCH of other stuff that will keep you watching until T3 is released!  The &quot;Data Hub&quot; also contains an impressive graphical behind the scenes story of T2, or you can choose a video featurette with behind the scenes footage....both very impressive.  For you PC people, you can also watch the film while reading the script and looking at the storyboards.  You can also link to online T2 websites.  I won't ruin all the surprises of this disc, but I recommend you to experiment with this disc...there are a few other surprises that I won't go into detail about.  In conclusion, I want to applaud everyone involved in the making of this DVD, especially the Creative Supervisor Van Ling.  It is simply one of the BEST DVD's available and gives everyone a reason to own a DVD player.  Much time was spent in producing this package, and it is worth every penny.  Full of surprises, top notch audio and video quality with THX certification, and an attractive outer case too!  This is what all future &quot;ultimate editions&quot; should be compared to, because &quot;Terminator 2-The Ultimate DVD Edition&quot; is why DVD was created.  I recommend this DVD to EVERYONE....especially to those who are DVD fanatics, fans of the Terminator films and/or James Cameron, or you simply want to 'show off' your home entertainment system.  Buy this DVD package and enjoy!
B00004YW6I|5.0|Wow. That's almost all I can say about this album.<br />This is a new side to Ms. Harvey, who has presented us with a brillitant, melodic, and happy album. Now, don't worry. There are still all the things you love about her. The bass driven tracks. The amazing guitar work. The voice. But somehow things are different.<br />The tracks on this album aren't dripping with anger and hurt. Instead they are quite optimistic. The word love pops up many times, and it's something good. I don't know what happened to her while she wrote this album in New York, but I like the results. Plenty of smart, almost pop-y songs. My favorite album from my favorite female singer.  <br />Standout tracks: Big Exit, Place Called Home, Kamikaze, This is Love
B00004XOWM|5.0|what can i say, its the best.
B00004SU5J|5.0|In a word, wonderful. This album delivers on the promise made years ago by band like US 3. But where much of their delivery came off as cheesy and uninspired, St. Germain deftly blends live instrumentation with sampled loops and deep grooves. Like other jazz/worldbeat talents like Alex Gopher and Gilles Petersen, Navarre has an excellent ear for fine tunes. Throw this one at a party and (like with OM Lounge's 'Mushroom Jazz' series) watch folks hit the dancefloor en masse. Many thanks must go to the other reviewers of this one, as they influenced me in picking it up. A truly worthwile purchase!
6304346107|3.0|I very much enjoyed this version of Emma - most of the characters were finely depicted, and some of the more exquisite plot details came through more strongly in this version than in the McGrath version with Gwyneth Paltrow (although that version had its merits as well). The glaring exception to this was Mark Strong's portrayal of Mr. Knightley. While Mr Strong had the stature to play Mr Knightley, his constant berating and harsh treatment of his errant sister-in-law was totally in contrast to the way Jane Austen portrayed his attitude toward Emma in the book. While Jeremy Northam may not have had the age or stature to play Mr Knightley, his firm but more gentle portrayal was more in line with the novel. This exception was annoying enough to me to give the film 3 stars where I might otherwise have given it a higher score.
B00004XONN|1.0|I don't care what any of the die-hard fans say, this album sucks. If you're expecting any kind of reasonable follow-up to OK COMPUTER, look elsewhere. Gone are the moments of beautiful vocals and anthems you can immerse yourself in...this is the kind of album I would listen to back in art school and pretend to enjoy. Do yourself a favor and pick up something like RED STARS THEORY new release, &quot;Life in a Bubble Can Be Beautiful.&quot; It at least strives for sustained moments of blissful listening. RADIOHEAD won a grammy and now they need to prove to themselves that they're not mainstream, and we, as the audience, are forced to suffer through a full-length CD which will be quickly forgotten. If this were their first release, it would also be their last. Letting this trash grow on you simply means you've accepted the idea of lowering your standards.<br />I'd give it zero stars if I could.
0767817486|3.0|I've seen &quot;Midnight Express&quot; several times since it opened its first theatrical run.  When I saw it in the theater I was so caught up in the story that I didn't pay too much attention to its bargain-basement racism.  Today, it's so heavy handed and obvious I'm amazed I could have missed it.<br />This story of a young American caught smuggling Hashish out of Istanbul goes out of its way to depict Turkey as a brutal, corrupt country, full of &quot;furriners.&quot;  Oliver Stone's script is embarrassing in places, particularly when Billy Hayes gives his big speech in court, calling Turkey &quot;a nation of pigs.&quot;  Talk about begging the question!  I would be surprised if anyone of Turkish descent were not deeply offended by this.<br />As long as you don't take it too seriously, Midnight Express can be an enjoyable non-think action movie.  John Hurt and Randy Quaid contribute superb performances, and Paul Smith does a convincing job of portraying the sadistic prison warden.  (It's a safe bet that no actual Turks were used in the making of this film, which was shot in Malta.)  Giorgio Moroder's disco soundtrack has dated badly, but is still catchy.<br />The DVD features an anamorphic transfer (enhanced for 16x9 TVs)with an excellent picture.  The soundtrack, unfortunately, is Dolby 2.0 and does not seem to have been remastered; much of the music sounds tinny and thin.
0399146253|2.0|THE LAST PRECINCT is Patricia Cornwell's most disappointing outing to date.  Badly shaken by her near fatal run-in with the Loup-Garou, the freakish werewolf-like Parisian serial killer from BLACK NOTICE, Dr. Kay Scarpetta's strong-will is beginning to show signs of stress fracture.  Kay doubts her abilities, her job, her judgement, and wonders if she's still cut out or even wants to remain Virginia's chief medical examiner.  The doubts seems to reside more in the author's mind than in the main character.  Cornwell seems to be cracking under the pressure  of this wildly popular (read lucrative) franchise.  If you're new to the series, do yourself a favor, skip this one in favor of an earlier volume or wait for what develops in the series after this one.  Clearly a transitional work that doesn't really begin to kick into gear until after the first third of the book and then only in fits and starts.
B00001NFCY|5.0|A little advise to those who're still crazy about Pearl Jam and keep feeding their jealousy for Creed: stop listening to the latter, and you'll do a favour to everyone including dear old Pearl Jam and Creed, and all the rest. Pearl Jam's great, but why should Creed necessarily be worse, when all the US and most of the rest world are being blown away with the Creed's tunes and talent in general. The guys are commercial all right, but first music, the rest is after, and anyone would better be objective and accept the simple fact: Creed rocks, making their Human Clay the event in the music world of the recent times.<br />The album opens with a number of brilliant heavier-and-faster songs, and among those Are You Ready is one of the most refreshing and adrenalizing one, a perfect starter for the whole cd. What If and Say I are two more tracks that are rather obvious standouts, with memorable both rhythms and tunes, and nice guitar riffs, not even mentioning lyrics which are smart and so typical to Creed. Beautiful is one of the most awesome tracks at all that turns to us the best side of the genre, showing the perfectness of the vocal talent of Stapp and getting inside of us with a real catchy tune. Never Die may remind you of a number of styles and known bands but still is very attractive, and sounds good enough to be a transition link between the two parts of the cd. The lyrics is meaningful and clever, and nice again. There is less sense in talking too much about With Arms Wide Open and Higher: those are incredible ballads that still keep their positions in the national and international charts, and can really please anyone with a good taste of music and interests from Bryan Adams to Metallica. Once again they perfectly give you a chance to appreciate Stapp's passionate vocals. Wash Away Those Years is no way worse, and can easily move itself (Higher) in the charts of any kind. The similar trend would be followed by Inside Us All, the closing track of the cd that impresses fairly with its lyrics and unforgettable melody.<br />The whole cd is a comlete and professional work of the musicians whose skills were used so wisely, and with such a good feeling of a beauty in the music art, so the cd definitely deserves the appreciation it receives from masses all around the globe.<br />Just buy it.
0684853523|5.0|King's latest book on writing was a page turner.  Not only does he give an account of his struggle with his recent accident but gives a very encouraging message to people who wish to write.  His advice was not always the practical methods I've found in most books on writing, but instead was very refreshing. King uses some different techniques that make very good sense and seem much easier than others. It was very interesting to see where he had come up with ideas for his books. I was very excited to begin writing by the time I finished this book.  It is great!!
0399146253|3.0|I always look forward to when the next Cornwell book is going to be out, but based on her last effort Black Notice I was worried that Cornwell's best days were well behind her.  This work is a significant improvement over Black Notice but still not on par with her earlier work.  I have read complaints in previous reviews that Kay Scarpetta dwells on things too much or is overly paranoid throughout the work.  What I think many readers have a problem with is that Cornwell has switched her last couple of books from being in the third person to the first person.  As a result, we have found that Kay Scarpetta is significantly more fragile than once thought, but tries to cover it up with a hard exterior.  Readers who have never read a Cornwell book will not appreciate The Last Precinct as the details would be difficult to follow if not having at least read Black Notice before TLP.  Cornwell weaves a story with plenty of plot twists, but a couple are so out there that it's amazing that she believes her reader will accept them.  In the end she ties the story together fairly well and sets up several intriguing possibilities for her next work.  I recommend this to any one who has read Black Notice but to those who haven't I recommend reading Cornwell's earlier work when she didn't have to worry about deadlines.  Here's hoping that her next work returns to that level of excellence.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|it is as if lenny kravitz stepped inside of my head and my music-filled heart and selected the tracks for his &quot;greatest hits&quot; cd. From &quot;it ain't over. . .&quot; to &quot;heaven help&quot; to the hypnotic &quot;i belong to you&quot; lenny rocks all the way through. this cd can take from planning a night out on the town with the girls (or guys) to party down to a seductive evening with your mate. a must buy. lenny is definitely a rock and soul god, the lyrics don't lie! rock on lenny
B00003CX8J|5.0|I am not rating this as a DVD but as the movie I saw in the theatre plus all the trailers and backround information I saw since then. I though the character of Magneto had the most depth and was the most interesting.        I went into the movie very skeptical as I had read one of the comic books a while ago and thought there would be too much glitz. Well there was alot of tasteful and very well done effects and the interplay between Wolverine and Cyclops towards Jean Gray had me smiling the whole way through. It was nice to see two guys as rivals yet not trying to kill each other. I also thought the Senator played by Bruce Davidson was very good too.
B000002HRE|4.0|Reload was a good cd but seemed as if they were looking for some quick cash withas little ideas as possible.  Unforsaken2 was a quick take off of the balck album and seemed good but left you feeling empty like there was something missing.  I'm not saying it was bad, but it could have been better.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Mission: Impossible2 is the next step in the M:I series.  What is it?  Awesome.  The plot is very simple (unfortunately; obviously the public can't sit through or understand a bit of intrigue in their action films), but beareble.  Cruise pumps out a good performance,as does the rest of the cast.  Hans Zimmer's score is perfect, combining elements from synth-trance gods like Paul van Dyk with elements from his awesome scores to the Rock and Gladiator. okay, this of film as Mission: Impossible1 meets Syphon Filter and James Bond007 and you will have a pretty good idea of what you are in for.  The action is over the top, 100% impossible (don't kid yourselves, people) and 100% fun.  like the matrix (sadly, since this movies seems to copy the matrix, which copied John Woo...go figure), slow motion, bullets, booms, throws, flips, dives, rotations and kicks light up the screen.  John Woo has a typical Hong Kong-flair, and it shows through flashy camera angles, and unique speed and camera techniques.  Visually AWESOME.  too bad they could not have gotten this much flair transmitted into Romeo Must Die,  maybe fix some of those pathetic effects. In all, MI2 is a rollercoaster of fun.  Definately worth checking out if you like your action hot, and if you are a fan of any of the cast or crew; they do not disappoint.
B00004U2A1|2.0|Just for the record, this is not a remake, but a sequel. Sam Raimi could not get the rights to re-use scenes from Evil Dead so he re-shot some of them to explain what is going on and how Ash and Linda got to the cabin. But there still is a major sense of deja vu.<br /><br />Ash barricades himself into the cabin after the events in the first film and finds himself going crazy. The furniture starts laughing at him, his reflection talks to him and an evil force is determined to take him over. It manages to possess his hand and so he cuts it off. It starts scuttling around the floor on its own and randomly attacking him. Strangers show up in the hope of finding the Professor, who was staying there, and lock Ash in the cellar. They assume he is responsible for the bloody carnage.<br /><br />People die, people turn into monsters - same old same-old. It's hard to imagine why this is such a cult favorite when it is obviously a badly made movie. Or perhaps Raimi just works the best he can with a low budget (although many times higher than the original) and the shoddy production values are a result of that.<br /><br />He goes over the same ground he did before, except with more resources for gore and mayhem. Very little of this makes sense and none of it is scary. There are a couple of good moments, like when Ash's hand beats him up and when he is chased through the house by the unseen evil force. Campbell is a terrific physical actor and he is a delight to watch, but I doubt whether he understood what on earth he was doing, or why.<br /><br />Having a low budget does not excuse a bad storyline and although this looks more professional than Evil Dead, it still looks like a student film. The best part is the cliff-hanger ending that leads to Army Of Darkness.<br /><br />The DVD comes in a great package, is in Dolby 5.1 and is anamorphically enhanced at 1.85:1.
B00004KD11|4.0|Before Deep Purple was a pioneering hard rock/heavy metal band, they were a pioneering progressive/art rock band.  This is the first Deep Purple album. The group includes the core of Blackmore/Lord/Paice with singer Rod Evans and bassist Nick Simper.  Simper and Evans would be kicked out after the third album and be replaced with Glover and Gillian, who would later be kicked out of the group.  <br />This is the Deep Purple studio album that comes closest to matching the group's live sound.  Even 32 years later, through lots of personnel and style changes, Deep Purple's live performances go back to the roots of this album.  Most of the tracks are more keyboard oriented, with the guitar in the background.  There are many classical influences throughout.  A number of tracks, like Mandrake Root, have loose, jam-like sound to them.  They have the trademark driving beat that highlight the groups concerts.<br />Ritchie Blackmore's guitar playing does come out on a few of the tracks.  In his early stage, you can hear how much he is influenced by Jimi Hendrix.  The group even plays Hey Joe, which was a hit for Hendrix a year earlier.  <br />Most of the tracks on this album are progressive music with a hard edge.  There is a nice version of I'm So Glad and Hush (the group's first hit).  They have the mandatory Beatles cover: a very slow version of Help. But there are also two bad psychodelic/pop tunes (One More Rainy Day and Love Help Me) that bring down the overall quality of the album.<br />If you buy the album, be sure to get the Spitfire release.  The sound quality and packaging are great.  Included is a nice little booklet.  It also includes five extra tracks, but only two are of any value (the live version of Hush and the alternate take of Help, which is better than the original).
0201633612|5.0|I've been a software developer in C++ for some time.  I would have to agree with the reviews that mention that most C++ textbooks rarely show the full scope and power of what this language is capable of, until you look at modern OO languages like Java and how they have been put to use.  After all, those are language textbooks, not OO design/philosophy books.<br />This book, on the other hand, made clear the &quot;why&quot; behind many software library architectures I've used, from the basic Java classes and AWT to things done in MFC, COM and the Stingray MFC extension libraries.  Not only did it give an explanation, but it explicitly set out the &quot;how-tos&quot; on using these patterns yourself (complete with diagrams illustrating the structures and interactions), and more importantly when and when not to use particular patterns.<br />For me at least, the most difficult part of designing an application is not coming up with good algorithms or efficient routines, but is constructing a sensible, easy-to-maintain architecture that will hand the demands placed on it...without writing excessively convoluted code.  This seems more all the more difficult the larger the application gets.  The patterns in this book clarified many things which I wish I had known earlier.  A few patterns that I had &quot;discovered&quot; through much trial-and-error and observation were set out, often in a much cleaner form than I had come up with myself.  Several of the patterns in the book were immediately applicable to a project I was working on, helping to speed through what likely would have been another messy and slow design phase. <br />I would recommend ths book for any OO designer.  At the very least, it will enable you to understand why various libraries were implemented in certain ways.  At best, it will provide a useful toolkit of proven solutions enabling one to get the most out of an OO language such as C++ or Java, a toolkit that can be drawn on to solve your own architectural issues without reinventing the wheel.<br />The only warning I would give about this book is to reiterate the warning in the preface's very first paragraph:  &quot;This book assumes you are reasonably proficient in at least one object-oriented programming language, and you should have some experience in object-oriented design as well.  You definitely shouldn't have to rush to the nearest dictionary the moment we mention 'types' and 'polymorphism', or 'interface' as opposed to 'implementation' inheritance.&quot;
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica just doesn't know when to quit, and if your a Metallica fan you know it to be true.  Metallica in this double live album has combined the bone crushing bass of there style and power of strings combined as demonstrated in the intire  San Fransico synphany orchestra.  Both being combined it led to  a devistatingly awesome album, one of there best to date.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Let me begin my review with a frank statement. I am sick of people calling Ghostbusters 'the funniest comedy of all time'. Why? Because I never once saw Ghostbusters as a comedy. As a young kid, as a teenager, and as an adult I always saw this film as 'a supernatural thriller with humor'.<br /><br />It's not shot, edited, performed, scored, or designed as a comedy. No way! Aykroyd's genuine interest in the paranormal is where the idea for the movie began. When he teamed with Harold Ramis to write the script there's no doubt in my mind that his intended tone was serious, but with touches of light relief (mainly from Venkman and Louis). Listen carefully to the dialogue, it's peppered with loads of credible scientific jargon and multiple cryptic references of almost Lovecraftian lore. This serious subtext weighs the film down in the thriller category more than comedy.<br /><br />The trio (and soon quartet) begin as researchers at Columbia University in NYC. But Venkman, only in it for an easy scam, ends up getting them thrown off campus. Ray and Egon have a plan for catching and eliminating paranormal threats to the public. With Venkman's conman skills, they take a chance and found 'Ghostbusters' in a derelict firehouse. Business is pitiful until Dana Barrett shows up claiming a voice from another dimension spoke to her through her fridge. Venkmen, enchanted by her, goes to her apartment to check her/it out. He finds nothing, unaware that behind her fridge is a secret doorway to a rooftop temple built as the venue point for Gozer, a destructive inter-dimensional traveler.<br /><br />Almost every aspect of Ghostbusters is honed to perfection. Ivan Reitman has never directed a better film. Elmer Bernstein's sumptuous score (often overshadowed by Ray Parker Junior's pop song) is utterly bewitching. The effects, while old-school, don't date the film one bit. The chemistry between the cast is wonderful, you actually believe that these guys have known each other for years. The fact that Harold Ramis plays the deadpan, deadly serious Egon despite having directed Caddyshack and Vacation (two of the most anarchic films ever) gives the chemistry a nice edge, since beneath the serious exterior you know he's actually the maddest one of the lot.<br /><br />However, I WILL complain about one thing (though it is relatively minor). I understand that movies need to be tightly edited to stop the audience from nodding off (but no one possibly could with Ghostbusters), but Reitman's last-minute tinkering renders a large chunk of the film senseless. It begins as soon as Winston arrives. He claims to the Mayor that he's worked with the company for a couple of weeks, but within the timeline of the movie he's only worked for them for a single day. Venkman's impromptu meeting with Dana at Lincoln Center is badly pasted on over Winston's 'interview'. Venkman arrives at the firehouse covered in slime, warps to Dana without slime, arranges a date for Thursday (which actually appears to be later that same night), before warping back to the firehouse, slime intact for his confrontation with Walter Peck (William Atherton, who has been typecast ever since).<br /><br />The original flow of the film included a scene at Fort Detmerring in which Ray and Winston investigate alone. Part of this scene is in the final product (Ray's encounter with a female ghost while dressed as a General) and the scene where Ray and Winston discuss the end of the world was actually their trip back from this scene. With this complete sequence intact, and the surrounding scenes rearranged, the timeline of the film would have made much more sense. Ivan Reitman has shown this complete version as private screenings, but I doubt the public will ever get to see it. The closest you will get is Richard Mueller's novelization 'Ghostbuster's: The Supernatural Spectacular'. You can hunt it down, but it's very expensive.<br /><br />With much of Winston's screen time cut back, the character almostbecomes largely redundant. Thankfully, he was developed more in the animated series and the sequel. And, redundant or not, it just wouldn't be the same without him.<br /><br />I'm not one for nostalgia, but 80s kitsch aside, Ghostbusters truly will stand the test of time forever. It's an absolute classic that'll never get old and truly deserves to be up there with the best of them.<br /><br />There have been a lot of complaints about the Blu Ray, but personally I think the film has never looked better. It has a very grainy look sometimes, but this was intentional, and I like it. The film looks super in 2.40:1 1080p. Ghostbusters was shot in anamorphic Panavision and the Blu Ray makes it look even more stunning. Sometime the picture is so good you can see through the effects (the gargoyle overlooking the road and the terror dog bounding across the street are good examples). The sound is in Dolby TrueHD and there are plenty of extras too, if can operate the infuriating menu.veloped more in the animated series and the sequel. And, redundant or not, it just wouldn't be the same without him.    I'm not one for nostalgia, but 80s kitsch aside, Ghostbusters truly will stand the test of time forever. It's an absolute classic that'll never get old and truly deserves to be up there with the best of them.    There have been a lot of complaints about the Blu Ray, but personally I think the film has never looked better. It has a very grainy look sometimes, but this was intentional, and I like it. The film looks super in 2.40:1 1080p. Ghostbusters was shot in anamorphic Panavision and the Blu Ray makes it look even more stunning. Sometime the picture is so good you can see through the effects (the gargoyle overlooking the road and the terror dog bounding across the street are good examples). The sound is in Dolby TrueHD and there are plenty of extras too, if can operate the infuriating menu.
B000002VCW|2.0|Music appreciation is subjective. If you want to really upset someone, say something negative about the first album that turned them on to serious rock. I wrote a review saying this album had two great songs, a couple of mediocre ones, and one really bad one. This started some controversy and I was brutally attacked by some reviewers (accusing me of liking Brittney Spears--is that really necessary?--can't we all just get along?). I think that most of the attacks were written by the same person using different names.<br />Since my writings stirred so much emotion, I decided to give the CD a second listen (actually a 50th listen). Reevaluating the CD, I do change my opinion to some extent in that songs I listed as being mediocre, I now consider near great and \\"Lord Grenville\\" is even worse than I remembered.<br />The CD starts out with the dreadful \\"Lord Grenville\\". Reviewers have written this is the song of a heroic English sea captain who was lost in battle. So what? In many of Stewart's songs, he tells an effective story. This song has no story. You have to know Lord Grenville to have any idea of what the song is about. And once you do, who cares? Someone wrote about the historic realm of rock. What does that mean? Rock is about emotions not a history lesson. Other Stewart songs may deal with history, but they involve emotions over such issues as injustice, like in \\"Roads To Moscow\\". This song is about nothing. On top of it, it is accompanied by bland orchestration and terrible guitar playing.  In addition, Lord Grenville was a loser nobleman, whose life was one folly after another, but for some reason was idolized by Tennyson.<br />The next song is \\"On The Border\\". With \\"Year of The Cat\\" this is one of the two great songs on the CD. The guitar playing is fantastic. Unfortunately, that isn't matched on many of the other tracks.<br />After this, is a series of mediocre songs. \\"Midas Shadow\\" is an interesting song about wasting your life away in business. But, it washard to relate to this song when you were a college student, and the theme has been done better by others (Pink Floyd's Dogs). <br />\\"Sand In Your Shoes\\" has a nice twist with someone dreaming about leaving paradise for the city. But the chorus is sappy and this is another song that features bad guitar playing. <br />\\"If It Doesn't Come Naturally, Leave It\\" is the kind of bland pop song that you would hear in a grocery store. Literally. I was in the grocery store last week, and it was playing. <br />\\"Flying Scorcery\\" could be a good song but it is done in by a weak, annoying chorus.<br />At the end of the CD, you get to a trio of really good songs. In my earlier review, I considered \\"Broadway Hotel\\" and \\"One Stage Before\\" to be good. But after relistening to them, I would upgrade them to near great. My excuse for underrating them the first time, is that by the time you suffer through the first part of the CD, your mind is numb. When this album first came out as an LP, people would put on the first side, drop the needle on \\"On the Border\\", listen to that song, take the needle off, and flip the album over to play the second side. <br />I have been following Al Stewart since the Love Chronicles. He can write good stuff, bad stuff and boring stuff. His albums just prior to \\"Year of the Cat\\" had excellent material. He continued some it on \\"Year of the Cat\\", but this was a transistion album where he was evolving into the pop star.
B00003CX95|5.0|This movie not only showed the struggle of a country to be free but it also portayed a brilliant love story. I saw this movie several times yet I never manage to get sick of it. I would give this movie 5 stars. It was a dramaticly perferfected movie. ~bravo~
B00004YYDI|5.0|YES ! It's finally here on dvd. I own both the American &quot;edited&quot; version and the international one. I must say the extra 24 minutes of footage is well worth the re-release as the original international cut. The only deletion in the re-release is the Spanish audio track for dialogue . The plus is that you can now isolate just the soundtrack music as well as a couple of cuts by Sting (Shape of My Heart) and Bjork (Venus As A Boy).These are both excellent songs (Hint: you can dub these directly onto whatever musical recording format in their entirety). I love dvds that will allow anyone to do this ! The color, images, sound are sharp and superb !      <br />As for the acting, what more can I say that has not already been said by other critics and reviewers ! There's not enough praise...<br />Also, for anyone who has a fear that this may turn out to be a Lolita complexed film due to the relationship between Mathilda and Leon, it is not the case and is prohibited in the movie ! In the end Mathilda sees Leon as more of a father figure;Afterall,Mathilda never had the real or natural love of her true father.Leon also never knew what it was like to have his own kids. With Mathilda his &quot;paternal&quot; instincts start to emerge from his toughened exterior !
6305531374|1.0|Why on earth was this film made? I'll tell you why. Profit. This is not a movie with any kind of redeeming merit. It was made only to make money. Hyping itself up to be a new \\"post-modern\\" take on Michael Myers. The \\"Scream Generation\\" of the time woudln't fall for any of the same old trash. Yet the movie does nothing but deliver exactly that.<br />It has NOTHING to do with the last 5 Halloween movies, so don't go looking for anything involving the man in black or Jamie or the druids cult. And is NOT scary or frightening or worth any attention. Characters are there only to be killed, it's an insult to the actors that their only function is to pad out the length of the movie (a whopping 84 minutes) with their deaths.<br />Well, perhaps Michelle Williams is worth attention and is the only reason for watching this piece of crap. But it's not like she's in it much. The film is only 84 minutes long and has about 5 scenes. I don't even consider this to be an official Halloween movie. It was only made to cash in on the \\"Scream\\" craze of teenagers being staked by a masked killer. Seeing as how Halloween was the very first Slasher flick I guess Miramax thought that this would be the Zenith of the craze. How wrong they were.<br />All deaths are pointless and meaningless and Jamie-Lee's attempt at being a Ripley-like chick with balls doesn't work. Plain and simple.<br />File this movie under bad. Really, really bad. Jason Voorhees, come back, all is forgiven.<br />The DVD is in Dolby 5.1 and is letterboxed at 2.35:1.
B000002BQK|5.0|This album is a magnificent collection of songs by the amazing, multi-faceted Mariah Carey. I just discovered this CD the summer of 2000, but I will never lose it, if I can help it. It is now one of my favorite and most-played CDs. I will review track by track. Honey: An infectious soul-dance tune. Smooth vocals, sweet background music. Good album starter. Butterfly: A beautiful song explaining some of Mariah's deepest feelings. (I believe, sorry if I'm wrong Mariah) Gorgeous lead vocals by Mariah, and beautiful back-up. Exquisite. My All: Truly amazing. Sweet, sad, and strong vocals with no back-up (A smart choice). The music is so emotional and overwhelming. The Roof: Enchanting. It sets a wonderful mood. Though I haven't seen the video, I am positive it is awesome. Such beautiful descriptions, it's almost like you're there. Fourth of July: Very similar to The Roof, again exquisite. Also puts you right there with Mariah. Breakdown: One of the album's best songs, and a very cute, sexy video. The vocals are smooth, even though the ad-libs are a BIT overdone. Still a great track, and one to put on repeat. It reinvents itself every time. Babydoll: Similar to Breakdown, but at the other end of the relationship. Very sexy and infectious. Another to put on repeat. Close My Eyes: Emotional and moving. Mariah put her innermost feelings about her childhood forward on this beautiful, enchanting track. Whenever You Call: My favorite song on the album, possibly my favorite Mariah song. It is beautifully produced with amazing vocals and incredible music. The Mariah-only version, found here on Butterfly is better and more beautiful than the version with Brian McKnight on #1's. Fly Away(Butterfly Reprise): The worst track on the CD, but acceptable and understandable because it is an interlude. One to skip. Sorry Mariah! Beautiful Ones: Exquisite and smooth. Interesting vocals. A tad too long, but this one also reinvents itself everytime, and it grows on you.<br />Outside: A wonderful way to end this incredible CD. Narrates anyone's feelings og not being accepted. Again, Mariah shows her musical genius. Overall, this is definitely Mariah's best CD with smooth vocals, beautiful music, and intelligent, beautiful lyrics. A must-have for any music lover, but especially one of R&amp;B, hip-hop, pop, or Mariah!
B00004XONN|5.0|Hmmm.....I don't know what the one-star people are thinking....maybe they are Backstreet Boy fans?  Mariah Carey fans?  Or some similarly talentless, soon to be forgotten pop &quot;sensation&quot;?  Musicians strive to use any instrument at their disposal to get their point across....and Radiohead is one of the only bands out today doing just that.  Is their music strange?  Yes, wonderfully.  You should check their website too, what a trip.  At least they're creative.  At least they write their own songs, and play their own instruments.  If you want a totally different musical experience, buy this and every other Radiohead album (esp OK Computer and The Bends).  If you don't want to be challenged....you best stick to N SYNC.
B000002A46|5.0|I actually bought this CD when it was released 6 (yes 6) years ago. Mariah really puts a new spin on old classics. She also has some new holiday classics. &quot;All I Want For Christmas&quot; is one of the best songs on this CD. I also like &quot;Jesus, What A Wonderful Child&quot;.
6303481272|5.0|I think this movie is cool is because of the swordfighting, violence,gore,and adult parts. The best part of the movie I think is when Jubei gets pissed when Kagero gets killed by Gama and kills all the Ninjas one by one. I recremoned this for 13 and up because of the violence,gore,nudity,and caussing.
0062502182|5.0|The Alchemist is a beautiful book about dreams. Santiago was a young man willing to learn about life,it's challenges and defeats.He had a dream he wanted to fullfill,and in search of that dream,he became a traveler with a set goal in  his mind.I learned from his story to follow my dreams and not stop until I have fulfilled what ever is that I have set my heart to do. sometimes we need to remember like Santiago learned,that the whole universe is there to help us realize our &quot;Personal Legend,&quot; and help is everywhere you seek to look for. The sun, the stars and the  wind will all listen should you call upon them.He also teaches us about &quot;Love&quot; which is the essential element that brings things together.Love is the understandig of the &quot;Universal Language&quot; which all the elements of the universe speaks.Love brings us together in peaceful harmony and in the direction toward the &quot;creator,&quot; for all and everything was created dy the same hand.
B000002GWN|5.0|Intense and emotional, Joni performs 18 of her most moving songs and Greatest Hits with backup from Tom Scott and the LA Express, providing one of the best live albums of the 70's. Her voice is at it's peak, soaring through her masterful lyrics and unique melodies with confidence and powerful insight. &quot;Miles of Isles&quot; is Joni Mitchell at her all time best and is a must have for any fan. Outstanding production value combined with her joy of performing, makes this live album a performance masterpiece.
B00000JPHD|5.0|Almost 70 years after its initial release, this version of Bram Stoker's classic novel remains the definitive horror movie, and Bela Lugosi is the definitive Dracula. While many actors played the part of the hypnotic, blood-sucking count, Lugosi is the only performer who truly lived the part. He was known to walk around town in his cape and give interviews while inside a coffin which he kept in his home. This guy was truly dedicated to his art, though that might be putting it much too mildly. This film is actually a recreation of the role Lugosi played on stage in 1927. Purists argue that the movie is more of an adaptation of the stage play than the actual novel. But who cares? When Lugosi is on-screen, that's the only thing that matters. He's such a strong, commanding presence and few actors have ever taken their roles as seriously as Lugosi took this one. In fact, one might say it was his life rather than just another movie role. I get chills every time I see this film even though I know the outcome. Seeing Lugosi prowling around the foggy streets of London after midnight and preying on beautiful and innocent young women for their blood still gives me the same morbid excitement that it gave me the first time I saw Dracula over ten years ago. Truly the best of Universal's monster movies in the '30's, rivaled only by that same year's FRANKENSTEIN starring another horror legend, Boris Karloff.
158234082X|5.0|I rarely read non-fiction...how glad I am that I made an exception in this case! Kitchen Confidential is a must for anyone who likes to eat, and don't we all? It is riveting.  After I read it I was in New York City and made it a point to eat at Les Halles (where Anthony Bourdain is the chef). It was wonderful! Also the bathroom was sparkling (read the book) and I peeked in to the kitchen and got a total thrill after having read the &quot;scoop&quot;. So I highly recommend the book and I also recommend a trip to Les Halles when next you find yourself in the Big Apple.
0062502182|5.0|The Alchemist is a beautiful book about dreams. Santiago was a young man willing to learn about life,it's challenges and defeats.He had a dream he wanted to fullfill,and in search of that dream,he became a traveler with a set goal in  his mind.I learned from his story to follow my dreams and not stop until I have fulfilled what ever is that I have set my heart to do. sometimes we need to remember like Santiago learned,that the whole universe is there to help us realize our &quot;Personal Legend,&quot; and help is everywhere you seek to look for. The sun, the stars and the  wind will all listen should you call upon them.He also teaches us about &quot;Love&quot; which is the essential element that brings things together.Love is the understandig of the &quot;Universal Language&quot; which all the elements of the universe speaks.Love brings us together in peaceful harmony and in the direction toward the &quot;creator,&quot; for all and everything was created dy the same hand.
B000020617|5.0|If you haven't done so already, BUY THIS CD! This has gotta be one of the greatest cds I have ever listened to.  I have owned this cd for almost a year now and every song sounds just as good as it did the first time I heard it. Dave Grohl is a musical genius and gets better with every new album. We should construct a shrine to him and make his birthday a national holiday. There is nothing left to say: There Is nothing Left To Lose is gold. Go get it.
6305014140|5.0|Even if you aren't a big fan of Anime, Ninja Scroll is a movie that will keep you in your seat and help you appreciate the beauty of Anime.  It is a wonderful story with tons of action and even humor.  If there is only one Anime movie you see, it should be this one.
B00000JCB3|5.0|This is the BEST cd from Limp Bizkit yet!  YOu can't even tell that they cuss they  did such a good job on bleeping out.  IF you are one of those parents who don't want there kids listening to bad music this cd is ok.  I am a parent of a teenager, and this Cd is apropriate.
158234082X|5.0|With a slant toward rakish fun and large scale healthcode violations, this book opens the kitchen doors wide and exposes the crew that prepares the lovely meals you love so much.  I'll never be able to order swordfish again :)<br />Well written and brimming with amazing anacdotes that you'll want to share with your loved ones across the dinner table, this is a must have for anyone even remotely interrested in the prepartion of food or the consumption of the finished product.
6305807086|5.0|BUY IT.  WATCH IT. AGAIN AND AGAIN.<br />The plot as we all know it - puppeteer Craig(John Cusack) with animal-lover wife(Cameron Diaz) living out a simple but unfulfilled marriage.  In more ways than one, we are shown that - her need for a child, his aspirations to make puppetry his rice-bowl, her animals, his stories as performed by his puppets....<br />This takes into another world as Craig finds a portal/door into John Malkovich's mind.  All the true characteristics of the main characters start coming out.  Spike Jonze takes us into a world of confusion, real confusion within the mind trips into being John Malkovich.  But all within the confines of achieving what the characters really want for themselves.<br />John Malkovich delights in this &quot;role&quot;.  He steals the title and the movie!!  John Cusack's performance is understated.  Diaz and Keener proficient.  Watch for the cameos by Charlie Sheen, Hoffman, Sean Penn, Gary Sinise etc....<br />The real scene stealers - the puppets.  Kudos to the puppeteer!!  This is a real movie, watch it and go away thinking.  The comedy is incidental.  A very well put together film.  A classic alongside Gilliam and Kubrick's works.
B000002572|5.0|Boston's self-titled debut album may not have seemed like the beginning of a whole new movement in rock music at the time it was released, but usher in the arena rock era it did.  Bands like Styx, Journey, Foreigner, Heart and Kansas owed their subsequent smash success to  brilliant eccentric guitarist Tom Scholtz and his bandmates.  It is also worth noting that Boston's debut appeared about a year or so before the Punk explosion.  Interesting because Boston is everything Punk is not; professional, highly polished, well calculated, designed to soothe rather than rattle the nerves.  The guitars may get loud at times, but always pleasingly so.  Most importantly, songs such a &quot;More Than a Feeling,&quot; &quot;Hitch a Ride&quot; and Piece of Mind&quot; all sport good songwriting hooks.  None of this is to say that the album isn't good.  In fact, it is one of the best &quot;classic&quot; rock albums ever recorded.  Even if mad genius Scholtz was never albe to replicate its artistic success.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|I REALLYYYYYYYYYY LOVE THIS ALBUM. THE SONGS ARE INCREDIBLE. ESPECIALLY HAVE YOURSELF A MERRY LITTLE CHRISTMAS.HER VOICE IS AMAZING.I WISH SOMEDAY I COULD REACH THE HIGH NOTES. WELL BUY THIS ALBUM.
B0000025C0|2.0|Boston guitarist Tom Shultz attempted to avoid the sophomore jinx by following up his band's classic debut album with another set of similar sounding material.  Unfortunately, he used up most of his best ideas the first time around.  Though the title track of &quot;Don't Look Back,&quot; and perhaps &quot;Feelin' Satisfied&quot; are up to the first album's standards, the rest suffer from a fatiguing similarity and show that the Boston arena rock formula was already beginning to wear thin.  Shultz must have sensed this, because he fired the rest of the band (except for lead singer Brad Delp) and went into seclusion for over seven years before reappearing with his next effort.  By then of course, time had passed him and his band by.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|I saw Dancer in the Dark last weekend, and absolutely was shattered.  I just sat there and cried and cried and cried...the last twenty minutes seemed like an agonizing eternity.  You must must must find a way to see this movie and experience it, it's simply amazing.  I'd never listened to Bjork before, but now I love her music.  All of the songs are absolutely great, while the final song is not on the soundtrack--why?  It was the best one...But you should see the film first, because songs like &quot;107 Steps&quot; simply do not carry the same meaning until they are listened to within the context of the film.
B000002O51|3.0|By the mid 1980s, most of the 70s arena rock bands (Foreigner, Journey, Styx, Kansas, etc.) had called it a day.  Then along comes Boston's ever unpredictable Tom Shultz to reemerge from wilderness with his band's third album to breathe a little life into the genre.  Listening to the album, one would have no idea that in the eleven years since Boston's first album became a smash success that punk, the new wave and music videos had revolutionized rock, managing to alter the formulas of even such dinosuars as Yes and ZZ Top.  Instead, here comes Shultz with such 1975 FM radio ready fare as &quot;Amanda,&quot; &quot;We're Ready&quot; and &quot;Cool the Engines.&quot;  And some of us, at least, discovered that we were not to cool to take a trip down memory lane after all.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|When Lenny first hit the music scene in 1989 with Let Love Rule, he almost sounded like Elvis Costello and The Beatles with soul. By the time his second CD came around, he found himself a huge top 40 hit It Ain't Over Til It's Over and people comparing him to the trendy self-absorbed Terance Trent-Darby. Lenny came back with hits like Believe and Can't Get You Off My Mind. It wasn't until Lenny released 5 in 1998 that his career would soar and Fly Away! He cemented a place in rock music as well as on top of the charts. He then recorded a remake of the Guess Who hit American Woman. All of this and more is what makes this package more than just another Greatest Hits CD. It's a great retrospect of an Arist who will be around and has yet to reach his peak. The new song is Again and it is Hot!
B00003CWL6|2.0|Sing it with me now, &quot;...Stay away from me-he!&quot;
0393037010|4.0|I love Patrick O'Brian.  He is plain and simply my favorite author.  But that is because of the familiarity of the language.  Truthfully, you kind of have to just get so used to it that it becomes second nature to you.  In other words, don't worry about how boring it seems, how complicated it is, how anachronistic the world is.  My advice to all first time POB readers is, keep at it.  Even if you don't like it at first, it truly will become habit.<br />Plain and simply, his descriptive abilities (in my opinion the best of which is his dialog) are enchanting.  If need be, focus on that.  <br />I love the series, I love O'Brian, but I know that's because I've been addicted.  If you haven't, then I understand some of your hesitation with Master and Commander.  But please, don't knock it.  It's a masterpiece, truly.
B00000K19E|2.0|Okay? So tell me the point of a three hour action movie without 1 hot babe?
B00003Q438|5.0|James Cameron is clearly the Werner Herzog of today's modern action film.  He never does things halfway and weather you like his films or not you have to respect his courage.  I personally love &quot;The Abyss&quot;.  It's my favorite Cameron film because it typifies his work.  The acting is top notch and all out heart.  You never hesitate for two seconds when Ed Harris or Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio step onto the screen.  That's because Cameron creates the most realistic environment for his actors to work in.  If your characters supposed to be stressed then he's gonna make sure to do something that reflects that on the screen.  He dosen't pull any punches and I think that's why he's such a love him or hate him kind of filmmaker.  In the case of &quot;The Abyss&quot;  I got both sides.  The original film is offered on the first disc.  It's a great movie about and underground oil facility that has to rescue a downed American sub.  The military gets involved and like most movies that's when things go wrong.   I won't go any further than to say that the film does enter &quot;E.T.&quot; terrain.  The performances are outstanding and the cinematography and effects are Cameron's typically brillant standard.  The second film....well, here's the delima.  Every time a special edition comes out you get a taste of the good and the bad.  A lot of times the extra footage is great, but there's always that one scene that just dosen't fit and you think to yourself &quot;That should've stayed on the cutting room floor!&quot;  With the special edition of &quot;The Abyss&quot; I thought I had finally found the perfect special edition.  That was until the end.  I won't tell you what happens but it angered me so much that I hated the rest of this film.  I will say this.  The last guy I need telling me that we are a waring race and that peace is the only way possible is James Cameron.  This is the guy who made &quot;True Lies&quot; and &quot;The Terminator&quot;.  He's killed more men than Cecil B. DeMille.  I know I shouldn't be angry when someone offers hope and peace to the world but I can't help but wish it wasn't Cameron.  Also, like the thumbs up at the end of &quot;T2&quot; this was just way too sappy for me.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiatorial combat is immortalized in this film, the only way it can be: through stunning action sequences and beautiful imagery. It also immortalizes, above all, director Ridley Scott.<br />Roger Ebert complains of people with short memory spans praising this film while forgetting that films like Spartacus have supposedly done this before. Well, I have a good memory, and I remember Spartacus. In fact, I kept on remembering that film while watching Gladiator, only in the context of, &quot;This is so much better than Spartacus. It goes beyond.&quot; The action is better, the visuals are better, the story is better, and the acting is better. Sorry, Kirk.<br />Since this is an action film, the story isn't the most important element, but for an action film it is actually quite good. For one thing, I liked the disturbing under-the-surface incest element going on between Commodus and Connie Nielson. Furthermore, it was interesting to see how Crowe gained support among the gladiators until it became as if he were a general leading his army again. The plot itself needed to be there in order to fully create a sense of grandeur. With its insurrection story, the rise of the hero and his trek to the capitol of Rome, and the look at the people in power, the plot creates a sense of time-and-place necessary for an epic that couldn't exist with the visuals and action alone. <br />The acting is among the best one can ever seen for an action film, and there is plenty of fine dramatic work pulled off by the two main actors. Russell Crowe is now one of the best &quot;new&quot; (four or five films so far) actors in film. We believe, in his glances and the ways he delivers his many great lines, that he is Maximus. He is poignant, hate-filled, and sorrowful all at once. The praise he is getting is deserved. But why isn't Phoenix being lauded just as much? He carries the film in the second-largest role just as well as Crowe. His Emperor Commodus isn't a good villain and has no real character, but Phoenix adds so many layers to him and turns him into a great antagonist that that alone makes his performance excellent. He commands attention just as Crowe does. All by himself (no help from any great dialogue or development), he creates a villain that is prissy, whining, ambitious, pathetic, and malevolent, and worthy of our hate as well as our pity. It's a wonderful transformation. To sum it up, the characters themselves aren't really developed at all- but the acting is so good that it seems they are.<br />Now, onto the action, which, as I had hoped, is plentiful and intense. It has diversity and grandeur. All the fights were fast, hard-hitting, uncensored, and very bloody, which is what they should've been like. And every single fight sequence is unique from the others. There's the match where two men fought chained to each other, the opening war battle, Maximus vs. numerous other fighters, and the final sword duel, to name a few. This is so much more than just two half-naked men fighting with swords, which is what it could've been. The film also captures the feel and the motion of combat. Ridley Scott speeds up the film slightly during fight scenes to show the chaos and rapid reflexes necessary to survive. During the fight scenes, the camerawork is nonstop and covers the combat as one big blur to the fighters. (But we can still follow the fights themselves.)<br />This film also stands out in my mind as one of the most visual, image-driven action films I've ever seen. Thanks to Ridley Scott, practically every scene is jammed with wonderful detail, art direction, even distinct lighting (the Collosseum orange, other parts of Rome dark blue). Just look at the wide multitude (seemingly infinite number) of battle masks, weapons, and locales. Cinematography is skillful and impressive. There are tons of memorable shots, like Maximus entering the ring with rose petals coming down on him like rain from above, Commodus' pure white battle costume (when he's beingrisen up on the platform he looks like a demented angel ascending to heaven), and the images used to represent Crowe's home- the gentle hand carressing the wheat reeds, the door to his house, etc. They had a surreal quality and each were bathed in their own distinct color. Excellent work, Ridley.<br />A very impressive film. So why can't all summer movies be this good? We'd be spoiled.
B00003Q438|5.0|James Cameron is clearly the Werner Herzog of today's modern action film.  He never does things halfway and weather you like his films or not you have to respect his courage.  I personally love &quot;The Abyss&quot;.  It's my favorite Cameron film because it typifies his work.  The acting is top notch and all out heart.  You never hesitate for two seconds when Ed Harris or Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio step onto the screen.  That's because Cameron creates the most realistic environment for his actors to work in.  If your characters supposed to be stressed then he's gonna make sure to do something that reflects that on the screen.  He dosen't pull any punches and I think that's why he's such a love him or hate him kind of filmmaker.  In the case of &quot;The Abyss&quot;  I got both sides.  The original film is offered on the first disc.  It's a great movie about and underground oil facility that has to rescue a downed American sub.  The military gets involved and like most movies that's when things go wrong.   I won't go any further than to say that the film does enter &quot;E.T.&quot; terrain.  The performances are outstanding and the cinematography and effects are Cameron's typically brillant standard.  The second film....well, here's the delima.  Every time a special edition comes out you get a taste of the good and the bad.  A lot of times the extra footage is great, but there's always that one scene that just dosen't fit and you think to yourself &quot;That should've stayed on the cutting room floor!&quot;  With the special edition of &quot;The Abyss&quot; I thought I had finally found the perfect special edition.  That was until the end.  I won't tell you what happens but it angered me so much that I hated the rest of this film.  I will say this.  The last guy I need telling me that we are a waring race and that peace is the only way possible is James Cameron.  This is the guy who made &quot;True Lies&quot; and &quot;The Terminator&quot;.  He's killed more men than Cecil B. DeMille.  I know I shouldn't be angry when someone offers hope and peace to the world but I can't help but wish it wasn't Cameron.  Also, like the thumbs up at the end of &quot;T2&quot; this was just way too sappy for me.
0201626632|5.0|I think this book is a great read for people beginning a research career.  This book manages to get the reader &quot;psyched up&quot; for all those things we know we must do (land a potentially permanent job, get funding, publish papers, etc.) without resorting to cynicism.  He motivates you to play the game because you love the sport (remember why you went to graduate school?).
6300214354|5.0|In the movie theater...on the sticky floor...in the fetal position.   It was the ballet scene that did it to me.   It just kept getting funnier and funnier and I lost it.   No movie has ever done that to me before or since.   I never laughed so hard in my life.  <br />When is this coming out on DVD?  I've worn out my VHS copy.
B000002MZ6|5.0|If your searching for a recording that is like Enigma's outstanding efforts, you've found it. As with Enigma's &quot;MCMXC A.D.&quot; this CD will have an impact on your well being and even your ... life.<br />The CD flows almost seamlessly from one great theme to another utilizing Oldfield's great guitar work, synthesizers, samples, bagpipes, choirs, driving beats, ambient sounds, chants and even a great tabla riff. The first night I owned it, I played it 3 times in a row and found that I lost all track of time.<br />Do not operate heavy machinery while listening!
B00004YA66|5.0|Without a doubt, this movie will appeal to both men and women (when's the last time you agreed on what movie to watch???  lol).<br />Anytime Dennis Quaid is in a movie, I'm guaranteed to watch it and this one didn't disappoint.  I found that everytime I *thought* I had it figured out....I was wrong.  It kept me guessing throughout.  Which is good because it wasn't predictable.  The constant &quot;shift&quot; of events in the past kept changing the future that the movie because suspenseful and interesting.<br />I remember reading a review of this movie before I went to see it.  The reviewer said that just about every man that sees it will come out of the theatre remincising about their childhood and especially their father.  Sure enough, my husband talked about his dad almost all the way home from the theatre.<br />Buy it.... you will love it!
0805047905|5.0|I bought this book for my son when he was 8 months old and he instantly fell in love with it. Not only do we sit and read it together, but I have found him sitting quietly alone turning the pages, mezmorized. I make the animal noises when reading which he has started to imitate (he's 1yr. now). The book is not only educational and fun, but repetitive which is calming to him when he is upset (I've learned that I don't always have to have to book with me for him to reep it's benefits). This book should be part of every child's library.
0440224764|5.0|It's to the point that if there is a new Grisham book out, I just buy it without knowing what's it about.  When I first started reading this book, I was totally grossed out by the graphic tortue of the lead character, Patrick.<br />Although I wanted to either skip that graphic part or just forget about reading this one, I stuck with it and found it to be the most interesting book of Grisham's to date.  The legal twists and turns are what made me enjoy it the most.<br />There is the usual side story of someone trying to get the lead character but it's the lead character and his girlfriend that make this book.....and it's ending something to talk about around the water cooler!  I don't want to give too much of it away....just trust me and buy it!
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is a great freshman CD for a talented new artist. The songs flow smoothly and are deeply spiritual, Yet not so much so that they would alienate a mainstream listening audience. A real jem!
B00004YW6I|5.0|Closer to the hard blues/rock of -Dry- and -Rid of Me- than to the creepier, allegorical dramas on &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; and its successors, -Stories from the City...- shows PJ putting new emphasis on her voice (the music is mixed to back her up rather than overwhelm), which might be a disappointment to fans (like me) who love it when she goes full-throttle with the distorted moans, organ blasts, and eerie marimbas.  But she's still the best thing going in contemporary rock, and the album keeps getting better with each listen.  The middle stretch of &quot;You Said Something,&quot; &quot;Kamikaze,&quot; and &quot;This Is Love&quot; in particular reprise the sarcastic, witty Polly of &quot;Man-Size&quot; and &quot;Me Jane,&quot; and she plays great guitar throughout...stop reading and go buy it!
B00000IAU3|5.0|It's no secret that Here With Me is in the opening credits for the hit WB show Roswell.  The only problem with that was, I had no idea what the title song was!  So, what to do when you're dazed and confused about soundtracks to popular tv shows?  Why, look them up on EGroups of course!  So, i joined a group of fellow roswellians JUST to find out who sang the song in the opening credits.  It took all of two seconds to get the answer.  I bought the album that day, and when I got home, I listened to Here With Me on repeat for 1 month straight.  After that, I listened to the rest of the CD, and it's been the only thing in my CD player for the past 3 months!  I'm telling you, this is the greatest album I own, and I owe it all to those loveable human aliens in Roswell, New Mexico!  Well, not really :)
0679879269|5.0|Until recently, I was one of those annoyed readers who had read and re-read the Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife, in anticipation of a stunning final book.  After many setbacks, I finally got to read this literary masterpiece (the series is second only to Tolkien's Lord of the Rings) and I decided it was worth the wait entirely.  It was beautifully written, provacative book that made me both smile and cry (literally).  All i know it that from the reviews I've read i think that to read this book you really need to suspend disbelief and becaome totally immersed in the plot.  The ending was sad and yet triumphant, and the entire book carries a good message.  I think that this book is good for almost any age, since it can be read on so many different levels.  This series makes Harry Potter seem pale, almost transparent in comparison.  I reccommend this book to everyone.
0385486804|5.0|This was one of the greatest books i have ever read.  the reason why i say this is that this is one of the only non-politcal books that has ever really touched off something inside of me.  not that i would ever go off into the woods and try to live off of nature.  it is just that i like how it told the story from the point of view that wasn't the main person in the story, but from his journal or from people who knew him.
B000002UVX|5.0|What a great album.  What a great event this must have been.  There may be a better reason for someone to perfect Mr. Peabody's wayback machine but I have yet to hear it.  I have heard nothing better than this phenominal live set.  Hendrix, Billy Cox and Buddy Miles put on the pots that night at the Filmore.<br />Jimi was an artist's artist.  He did things with his axe no one else had ever thought of, and things some still try to imitate (unsuccessfully) even today.  &quot;Machine Gun&quot; was a classic blending of great guitar work, drums and vocals.  &quot;Changes&quot; was fine as May wine, and &quot;We Got to Live Together&quot; is an extraordinary rendition of this Chambers Brothers classic.<br />One listen is enough to understans why Amazon has declared this another &quot;essential&quot;.  A must have.
B00004ZD69|5.0|16 minutes and 20 seconds into &quot;Static&quot;, the second track on the new godspeed you black emperor! double-lp, the music becomes almost too intense... too loud... too fast... too damn SCARY to bear.<br />10 minutes and 10 seconds into &quot;Antennas To Heaven&quot;, the album's closing song, gybe! makes their case as creators of the most beautiful music of the new millenium. Within 15 seconds, you'll know it's true.<br />31 days into Octobor, the tenth month of the year 2000, gybe! released the best album in half a decade.
B000002NIW|5.0|The deftones, in my eyes, are the greatest band ever. That said this is hands down thier best album so far. They are one of the nu metal pioneers and with this album they perfected thier sound. Every song is a highlite and all can be played for a relaxed, chilled-out mood, or you can turn it up and rock out to any song on the cd. This cd is recomended to everyone, espically if your a new Deftones fan just brought to the scene via white pony, a fan of incubus, taproot, or nu metal, or just a fan of art.
0140277447|5.0|This is not a book for the fainthearted.  The Rape of Nanking does not shelter its readers from the atrocities committed by the Japanese when they invaded China during the second World War. This well-written and well-documented book exposes an aspect of the second World War that is often neglected in traditional historical circles. Anyone who is interested in broadening their knowledge of both Asian history and World War II retrospectives should read the Rape of Nanking. The book is written in an approachable format, a rarity in nonfiction: for this reason, even those who rarely pick up a book should find this both a rewarding and informative read. The horrible stories of broken families, the courage of many of the Chinese soldiers and citizens, and the unlikely heroes - John Rabe among them - put the tragedy in perspective for the reader. The effect on the reader is chilling - just as Chang no doubt intended.
1572522232|4.0|This is an extreme nail biter. The music from this film is intensely erotic, and most likely the most frightening that the Goblin has ever produced.  Despite all this though, it is nothing more than a pure atmosphere film.  But the production design and the sound of the film more than make up for it.  I cannot stress enough the easy-to-see hard work of the production team in this film.  Jessica Harper's performance is subdued, but that seems to be the point of the whole film.  Running around passage-ways with creepy lighting seems to intensify the true nature and meaning of this film, which is to scare you out of your wits.  One could watch this film on all sorts of levels; with the music off you could be in awe of the lighting and set design, with the movie turned off you could listen to the music and still feel the essence of the film lingering in your nerves.  This is a true, classic horror film.  Perfect to watch on Halloween.
B0000065O1|3.0|Don't waste your money. Received this video by accident. I ordered the first in the series, and I don't think I'm even going to make the mistake of buying my original order. Saw no reason to have Ruddu in the tape, and aside from Cindy's good looks(which are ephemeral), no reason to watch. if you want  a good workout tape, get seal pt training.
B000002OR4|5.0|John Williams well-deserved the 1993 Academy Award for best dramatic score for Schindler's List, which won the award for best picture and earned Steven Spielberg the award for best director.  The principal theme, in particular, is beautiful and tears at your heart.  If you have seen the film, Itzhak Perlman's violin solos are enough to move you to tears, and if you haven't seen the film, you should.  The film and the music are each filled with tremendous emotion, and together they pack a punch that's enough to leave you breathless.
B00000ILGB|3.0|What people sometimes forget to tell you about &quot;visionary&quot; and &quot;experimental&quot; music is that oftentimes it is sounds like nothing more than cacophonous wailing to the ear, even if you are specifically looking for something visionary and experimental.  Hence curious music scholars such as myself, especially after having blazed through Julian Cope's fantastic document of the era _Krautrocksampler_, are confronted with the dual-edged sword that is Amon Duul II, who oftentimes sound like a very savvy, middle-eastern-influenced teutonic take on the Velvet Underground but also sound a lot like every single other drugged-out garage band of the era.  There's an unshakeably hip, very organic, almost pre-punk vibe to the whole thing, and when _Yeti_ is concentrating on the music and the message at the same time, it can be very cool, nearly sublime.  The guitar work is more hypnotic and dronelike than sloppy, especially some of the quieter acoustic passages on &quot;Eye Shaking King&quot;.  However, there are moments when the sheer amateurism of the whole thing outweighs its goodness, such as on songs like &quot;Archangels Thunderbird&quot; where Renate's unintentionally hilarious wailing sounds more like a busted police siren.  I guess I might be a little stolid and weaned on prog bands like Genesis, but when you look at some of the stuff that groups like Agitation Free, Can, and Ashra Tempel were putting out during this same timeframe, _Yeti_ seems more quaint than amazing.<br />Amon Duul II has several budget-priced &quot;best of&quot; collections, including one on the Cleopatra label entitled &quot;The UA Years : 1969-74&quot;(?).  I would check that out before you pay a lot of money for a pricey import edition of this album.  For huge fans of Syd Barrett-era Pink Floyd or pre-natal Soft Machine, however, this will probably be quite a refreshing cup of tea.
B00004YW6I|5.0|Her first album, Dry, is completely raw and edgy. As her style became more refined up to the present, PJ Harvey never got lost in her own changes. Which leads us to this album. &quot;Stories&quot; layers her incredible vocal range with elaborate musical and emotional textures- rage and longing are not the only, or even the predominant things operating here... but that's been true since &quot;Dance Hall at Louse Point.&quot; Fans will not be disappointed, but, unlike some of her earlier work, this album provides an accessible way into her work, yet without being too suspiciously &quot;radio friendly.&quot; PJ Harvey has definitely come of age as an artist, and with an abundance of grace. I cannot recommend this album enough.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|Christina Aguilera has generated more buzz than her teen-pop peers since winning the 'Best New Artist' Grammy and releasing an ambitious set of Spanish language music. With the release of her first holiday album, the little blonde with the big voice proves herself to be an all-out soul sister. &quot;My Kind of Christmas&quot; puts soulful twists on such standards as &quot;Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas&quot; and &quot;The Christmas Song.&quot; While a gospel-tinged &quot;O Holy Night&quot; is a showstopper by virtue of Aguilera's always-powerful voice, she shines the best on secular tunes such as Donny Hathaway's classic &quot;This Christmas&quot; and her duet with Dr. John, &quot;Merry Xmas Baby.&quot; With a couple of original r&amp;b flavored tunes in the mix, Christina Aguilera's holiday offering is perfect for soul and gospel lovers looking for something a bit new (Aguilera has grown considerably as a vocalist since her debut a year ago) or of course for your teen-idol obsessesed adolescent. In blowing away the competition with her confident vocal style and maturing artistically, Christina Aguilera appeals to both camps. Put a little shot of soul in your CD collection-this one is worth it!
0312954468|5.0|In literature, sagas of ancient Egypt have been told by archaeologists, detectives, ancient kings and wariors, but now we witness this luscious and violent land through the eyes of a slave, Taita.  As an advisor to royalty, Taita's life is an epic tale of violence, beauty, war, betrayal and victory.  Down the Nile from Luxor to Thebes to Nubia and beyond, we are taken on a stunning adventure through a land where life is cheap and man is cruel and barbaric.  In the midst of this Hell that is his everyday Egypt, Taita invents the fantastic, builds the great and beautiful and demonstrates that there is goodness and compassion in the human spirit. I read this book in Dec. 1996, and have just read this excellent book again.  This review at the time nor any review since, could do this great book true justice.
B00004XOWM|2.0|3 Dollar Bill Y'all : Well put together music, bad lyrics. Significant Other : Poor music ability, great lyrics. Can Limp Bizkit get it right? I was hoping so. Instead, on their third studio album, LB serve up mostly songs made for parties. <br />There are a few gems on here like &quot;Take a Look Around&quot; and &quot;Hold On&quot; but what was Fred thinking when he wrote &quot;My Generation?&quot; It seems to me that Fred is trying to please his &quot;hardcore&quot; fans again by pretending he's a badass and saying the &quot;F&quot; word as many times as possible. He even rips on NIN on the song &quot;Hot Dog&quot; which is a pretty stupid thing to do, and just shows Fred's immaturity. Just about every lyric in here was written in probably about a half hour's time. Fred needs to just sit down and actually write a whole song, instead of making referrals to his bands name and how many records he has sold. The music on here is very simple. Wes' guitar continues his singature &quot;fart&quot; sound and John Otto's drumming is as simple as a baboon banging on a tree hoping for coconuts to fall down. I'm not saying Limp sold out, but they definetly got lost somewhere in the mix.<br />If you want some better music listen to Limp's friends that take time on their lyrics and music (i.e. Korn, Cold, Staind, etc.) I would highly suggest staying away from this CD, instead get the first two, they may not be perfect, but compared to this they are classics.
0553573403|5.0|George R.R. Martin makes a huge breakthrough with this well written, immediately engrossing, and incredibly intricate tale that keeps you hooked all the way through.  Martin steps out on a limb as he writes a fantasy novel whose &quot;good&quot; characters are not invincible and sometimes bad things can and do happen.  Most fantasy I've read involves the main characters in impossible situations that resolve themselves by dumb luck or the characters own super-human abilities.  Martin goes above and beyond and writes a story that allows for inexperience in a characters fighting ability, both on the battle field and in the political arena.  The protagonist does not always make the right decisions, and the good guy doesn't always win.<br />The lines between good and evil are blurred as Martin uses his impressive command of characters to present situations from different points of view.  &quot;Good&quot; isn't always good, and &quot;Evil&quot; isn't always evil.  Characters are given diverse personalities and therefore open up the possibility of role-reversal.  It's like these are real people making real decisions, and as in life, anything is possible.<br />If your looking for a story that follows a one-dimensional track and is easily predictable, this is not the story for you.  On the other hand, if you want a mature story that is filled with intricate characters and engrossing story lines that leave you guessing and begging for more, you've come to the right place.  Hats off to this incredible author and the story that he has created.
B00004XONN|5.0|Being a huge Radiohead fan, I have seen the transformation they've undertaken from mainstream rock, to the unknown. Moments of joy spring from even the most seemingly dark recesses of their music on this album. At times, it could be described as pathetically beautiful; especially in songs like 'Motion Picture Soundtrack' and 'How to Disappear'....Thom's voice becomes as one with the instruments around him -&gt; harmonious crying. This album goes beyond all that has been thought of in the music industry previous to it's release....it reaches deep into your soul and shows how the ugliest of discords can conform to one melifluous note.  A must buy for anyone that breathes air.<br />Radiohead are truly the Beethoven's of the 21st century.
B000022TT4|5.0|U2--nothing more nothing less.  This is U2 at it's best.  No video screens.  No Zoo-tv.  No props whatsoever.  Just a band that knows how to rock.  And rock they do from the beginning with a version of The Beatles &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;.  They take you on a journey thru America in 1987 and 1988 during the Joshua Tree tour--perhaps the bands best years.  Highlights include a version of &quot;Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; with a Harlem chior, and the recording of &quot;Angel of Harlem&quot; at Sun Studios in Memphis--same studio that Elvis used, and a blazing version of &quot;Desire&quot;.  Perhaps the most moving moment is the chilling version of &quot;Running to Stand Still&quot;.  Along the way Bono  tries to educate, from the problems in Northern Ireland (&quot;Sunday, Bloody Sunday&quot;) to the problems in Nicaragua (&quot;Bullet the Blue Sky&quot;).  During one such moment, Bono uses one of the best lines I've heard in a long time when talking about money-hungry evangelists--&quot;The God I Beleive in Doesn't Run Short of Cash&quot;.  If you missed this defining moment, this is a great catch-me up.
B00004X01U|5.0|There are not enough words in the english language to describe how brilliant madonnas - music is. in fact madonnas sound has matured and progessed since ray of light. with new producer mirwais ahmadzai and william orbit on 2 of the tracks &quot;runaway lover&quot; and &quot;amazing&quot; it is the new producer mirwais that takes over this album, there is not one single &quot;filler&quot; on this album just 10 tracks of pure genuis and madonna at her very best. my favourite tracks are &quot;music&quot; &quot;impressive instant&quot; and &quot;paradise&quot; i recommend this album to any madonna fan and even if you are not a madonna fan and just love electronica then u will not be dissapointed by this album. it certainly is an impressive collection of music ever and deserves to go down in history as one of the best dance albums ever made.
B00004YW6I|5.0|Easily one of the best albums of the year
6300268993|4.0|&quot;Superman II&quot; is the best sequel ever!  But I agree with some other reviewers that the music isn't nearly as good as in the first movie and that alone lowers the quality of the movie a notch.   I also agree that Richard Donner did a much better job as Director in the first movie than Richard Lester did in this movie.   I liked Richard Lester fine for &quot;A Hard Days Night,&quot; but this is Superman, not the Beatles!   (I also would like to see the complete Richard Donner version of this movie--before he was fired--if it exists.) <br />     But that's the bad news.   The good news is that Christopher Reeve is just as good as in the first movie, and so is Gene Hackman as Lex Luthor.  And the trio of supervillains from Krypton--especially English actor Terrence Stamp--are the perfect super advesaries for Superman. The scenes at Superman's Fortress of Solitude are sensational, and so is the ending.<br />     I'm still not sure which is better, Superman I or Superman II, so I bought both!
B000050HTO|5.0|This album definitely contains the songs anyone who is interested in Bob Dylan should hear. I'd assume the already big fans have most of these songs, but the collection is of extraordinary taste.
B00004U8H4|2.0|While I enjoyed most of this movie I just have to wonder what happened to the ending?  It left too many unanswered questions and too many useless characters.
6303022901|5.0|I saw this movie with my mother and we both loved it.  We had each read the book, so we knew who was who, no problem there, and we found it easy to follow.  We loved the look of the movie, the settings and costumes and the characters themselves looked great.<br />I love Amy Tan's books and wish it didn't take her so long to write them.  I know she works hard over them, it shows.  Her new one will be out in February, I can hardly wait.  In the meantime, I think I'll read The Joy Luck Club again.
B00004Y9PP|4.0|The first thing that struck me about this movie was the cinematography.  Treating the movie as his canvas, the director use of a variety of colors made this a visually-pleasing movie to watch.<br />The movie borrows heavily from Aliens, which really set a high standard for the action sci-fi genre. This movie falls short due to a lack of strong characters. With the exception of Riddick (Vin Diesel), the characters are pretty forgetful. Although your appreciation for their performances may increase with repeated viewings, your appreciation for the movie will probably drop. But I look forward to more work from Diesel, who plays a convincing tough guy. In fact, I didn't really appreciate the movie until watching the featurette with commentary from Hauser, Diesel and the director. One of the most enjoyable DVD commentaries I've heard.<br />The real treat of the movie is the special effects.  Without a doubt, the crash in the opening scene is best I've seen. Kinda reminded me of the plane crash scene in Fight Club. The aliens move with frightening realism, and some of their attack scense will make you wince.  All in all, Pitch Black is not the best of its genre, but it's noteworthy and deserving of a rental, if not a purchase.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|This movie borrows liberally from several submarine movies that came before it (the director admitted as much in the commentary that it's an &quot;old-fashioned submarine&quot; movie.)  Perhaps because I watched Run Silent Run Deep first, the duel with the destroyer did not prove effective to me.  Since I saw Das Boot before, I was not as impressed with the part where the depth charges exploded around the sub.  However, the movie still works for me.  Conaughey did a good job here portraying an officer who was suddenly thrust into a job that he wanted so much, but was not well prepared for.  The DVD comes with the director's commentary providing some nice WWII facts, and two short segments about the making of the movie.  Good movie when you don't want to think too much about the possible plot holes or the absurdity of changing history regarding the capture of the Enigma crypto machine.
1571200851|4.0|I loved doing paper origami when I was a child and this book brought back fond memories.  It is a fabulous and fun book that is very user friendly.  The illustrations are detailed and colorful, the instructions are complete and easy to follow.  There are a number of project ideas that are intended to inspire creativity.  <br />Another positive is the organization - there is a complete table of contents and index which is very helpful.  This is definitely a must add to your wish list!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|I originaly bought this cd becasue I was a Christina fan but I realized that this is an ideal choice for all fans of an assortment of different types of music. It has a few of her own new christams songs as well as some traditional christmas carols. It makes a perfect gift for all ages.
B000021XS0|5.0|Amazing follow-up to Metropolis Part I.  Picking a rather mundane concept and making a masterpiece of it is quite difficult, but DT tastefully executes this task in their usual style. Jordan Rudess is one of the greatest keyboard players I've ever heard, and even though I've been his fan before he joined DT, my opinion of him greatly increased after listening to this album and seeing him in concert. Contrary to what some may say, there's a lot of depth and emotion to this record.  The music is wonderful (again, much credit goes to Jordan Rudess) and it fits the story perfectly. True, some instrumental segments are a bit long, but that is another element of DT's music that makes them who they are.  The record would suffer without those parts. The plot of the album is also well thought out.  The seemingly repetitive revelations unify the characters of this play. This masterpiece can be called a Rock Opera, although I would call this a metal symphony, for the vocals are often utilized as an instrument as well. To add to all this, this is the only CD ever on which I did not skip one second and listened to it in its entirety without pause (except the break between the two acts). If you like good music, and have no objections to occasional heaviness, this is a great album to listen to.  Allow me to add that one should first familiarize himself with Metropolis Part I from Images and Words before listening to this record.
B000031WD9|5.0|You'll laugh so hard, you'll download in your pants.
B00004YW6I|5.0|Reviewing P.J. Harvey's works by comparing them to earlier releases is next to impossible. She is always reinventing herself. This album is no exception. Though Is This Desire? is my favorite, Stories...is a close runner up. The tone is moody and consistant. Like always, the lyrics are introspective and pure poetry. While this album is a little more mainstream, and little more radio friendly, it is still completely original. The first single, Good Fortune might even make it onto top 40. Not that mainstream popularity is any measure of success, it would be nice for her to be heard by a larger audience. A must have for any PJ fan!
0679879269|2.0|First of all, The Golden Compass was the best children's book I read in the last ten yars. Unfortunately, Pullman not only fails to deliver on the promise of that book, his final work is more backfire than dud.<br />The wonderful characters introduced in the previous two novels end up reduced to two dimensional representations of their ultimate role in this atheist allegory. Worse still, they are not even rationally consistent with the characters of yore. Lord Asriel and Mrs. Coulter are the most disappointing, as there is no good explanation for why they should change so dramatically in this final book. Some of the other villains are implausibly irrational, sacrificing self and world for an ideology that could easily embrace more constructive interpretation. Even Will, Mary, Lyra, and Iorek become feeble echoes of their selves in the previous works. <br />The culmination of the narrative is predictable -- and a huge let-down. You can feel Pullman laboriously tying together all the loose ends even as you long for the vibrancy that brought tears of joy and sorrow in the first book.<br />Moreover, all of this appears to be in service to an atheist theology that will please no one: The Amber Spyglass is guaranteed to offend christians and most other theists with its total rejection of God. Is Pullman trying to be the stridently atheist C.S. Lewis of our generation? In any case, it is just strange that he has so strongly denounced God (either as top angel or as creator) in this work, and yet neither confronted nor mentioned the prophets of God: why usurp the myth of creation, and only mention in passing the teachings of Jesus, Mohammed, the Buddha, etc? It may make his argument appear a little stronger on the surface, but it leaves a lot to be explained.<br />I can't imagine this pleasing atheists either given its thick use of biblical imagery, the depiction of life after death, the presence of angels, the lack of any effort to refute or explain the spiritual teachers/prophets/redeemer mentioned above, and, of course, the fact that the whole thing is heavy handed and artistically weak.<br />I realize I will get slammed for this review by all the Pullman/Dark Materials fans -- but until I read this I was a Pullman fan too. I loved the first book, and liked the second a whole lot. I like the Sally trilogy as a fun but less ambitious undertaking. So, I am sorry Pullman fans. I wish he had written a different Amber Spyglass.
B000002UUX|5.0|The first time I heard this I have to admit I was not into metal and I hated it.  Sure it was fast but the guitars sounded thin and Mustaine's voice couldn't have been more irritating.  The only reason I even listened to it was because a buddy of mine lived right next to me and woke up to it every morning.  It didn't hurt that he was able to pipe it through his guitar amp which could be heard blocks away!  Over time and as I gained a newfound respect for metal I began to appreciate it.  I especially liked the epic quality it had.  Holy Wars is a big favorite as well as Tornado and a couple others.  Next thing you know I bought my own copy and found it to be very effective for waking up to!  I like Symphony of Destruction as well but it lost some of the rawness of RIP and sometimes sounds too pop.  I still consider this one to be a speed metal classic.  Metal Forever!
B00000IO4J|3.0|The Faculty didn't exactly turn heads at the box office for it's not so intriguing storyline (high school teachers turned aliens). I'm surprised that the movie was actually pretty good. The DVD blows but the movie's decent. The film follows a group of stereotype teens: the jock, the nerd, the cheerleader, the outsider, the rebel, and the new student. They uncover a conspiracy by the aliens to invade the Earth after witnessing the brutal invasion of the school nurse via her ear. This movie doesn't require an ounce of thought really because it is a popcorn movie. Kevin Williamson as usual, lays it on pretty thick with references to other movies. Robert Patrick, Famke Janssen, Bebe Neuwirth, Piper Laurie, and Jon Stewart play the teachers with Stewart in an unlikely turn for a comedian.
B00003CXFG|4.0|I'm a little weary from reading these other reviews.  I didn't love this movie but I didn't hate it either.  I liked it because the special effects were decent, particularly the eclipse scene,  and the opening scene is pretty cool too.  I thought Frye was pretty cute and the australian actors were a nice touch.  There are some definite tense moments as well as a couple of &quot;what the hell are they doing?&quot; moments.  The direction is very fast and stylish.  There's one moment where I wanted to just smack the director because of just a bit too much flash but it was only once and fairly early in the movie.  Cole Hauser who also played in Dazed and Confused was pretty cool.  The aliens were a little too easily discernable as computer generated but frightening nonetheless.  And there was an interesting twist at the end that left me a little disappointed but what are ya gonna do?  Ultimately, I'd recommend this to rent for sci-fi fans but don't buy it until you've seen it.  I'll probably buy it because it has some nice scary moments.  Not scary to me but scary to most of the women I would watch this with. (:
6305171769|2.0|Teens are a specialized niche in cinema. Teens in films are categorized as &quot;teen films&quot; because the film focuses around them. But usually teens do not work well with films aimed for a mass audience. Those films have a diverse age span of people. &quot;Halloween: H20&quot; was geared toward teenagers and it fails. I remember being over a friend's house and his hand, covered in bandages recovering from a broken hand, said that he punched a wall in the movie theater after seeing Halloween: H20. Now I wouldn't go to those lengths of not liking a film that much but I can understand why he didn't like this film. Anyway, getting back to the teen thing, it's kids in general that pretty much make a film bad. My friend said &quot;Look at the 'Last Action Hero', if there wasn't a kid, the movie would've been better.&quot; I think he was right. The kids pretty much annoy most of the film and gears it toward the teen generation. The scares aren't that well staged and are pretty predictible. I heard there's a sequel rumored to be in the works because this one did so well.
6303921248|5.0|This  is a drama to rave about. I've not seen its like on television before; nor do I expect to see its like again. It was superb. It was almost perfect - though not quite.<br />It is  rare to find a Jane Austen dramatisation that comes so near to being perfect on every level and that stays so true to the original novel. The greater part of the dialogue in the series is Jane Austen's own and every scene is  included and follows the same chronological order. The drama departs from the novel in only two instances. In order to extend our knowledge of the characters of Darcy(Colin Firth), and Mr Collins(David Bamber), two scenes are added; to demonstrate that Darcy is not just an effete aristocrat but a real man worthy of Elizabeth's love we are shown him indulging in manly pursuits; fencing, and swimming in his private lake (it puzzles me why so many women seem to drool over his wet-shirt scene); and to demonstrate that Mr Collins is an idiotic, narrow-minded prude we are shown him trembling with embarrassment and horror when he happens to come across Lydia (Julia Sawalha) in a state of dishabille. David Bamber makes Mr Collins deliciously toadying and obsequious. A remarkable piece of acting.<br />It is its faithfulness to the original that makes this drama so good. No one has ever written a more tightly plotted novel. Its series of climaxes make the novel difficult to put down; just as one plot-line reaches its climactic conclusion, another is building. And the duel of wits and sharp dialogue between Darcy and Elizabeth (Jennifer Ehle) as they get to know each other is entrancing. And then comes that moment. She is at the piano befriending Darcy's sister, Georgiana (Emilia Fox), when he holds her gaze with a silent declaration of his love and admiration. This involved a fine piece of editor-timing; a split second either way, either too long or too short, and the poignancy of that moment would have been lost.It is interesting to compare Colin Firth's Darcy with that of Lawrence Olivier's Darcy in the Hollywood film. Olivier falsely portraits him as appealingly shy and self-conscious. But Darcy was in no way shy, he was just proud, with  every reason to have a good opinion of himself. He found it impossible to imagine  that anyone in a lower strata of society, living in a  small provincial town, could be his equal - until he met Elizabeth!<br />However, I felt there was one weak link in the chain of superb acting; Alison steadman. Many will disagree but I think she over-acted, turning her Mrs Bennet into a nerve-grating, neurasthenic caricature. But apart from that, I heartily recommend this video. Don't miss it. You'll not see its like again. I must just mention the charming piano music by Carl Davis, so beautifully evocative of a beautiful period in history (for the rich).
1878424114|5.0|This book travels everywhere; it can be collapsed and folded to fit into your briefcase, backpack, purse, or lunch pail.  It has been written for people moving, either up or down.  It doesn't have the footnotes or bibliography or annotations that would cut it for a serious or academic work.  It folds the East into the West--Eastern thinking into Western functions.  The wisdom inside is handy, practical, straight forward, and precise.  It can be read waiting for a plane, on a Sunday afternoon (what I did), or by the bedstand.  For these reasons, it is important.  <br />It fills its place.  Read it.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Tim Burton, the master of dark &amp; moody films, has probably created his best movie to date in this loving tribute to the old Hammer horror films.  While not true to the letter of Washington Irving's classic tale, SLEEPY HOLLOW is very true to the story's spirit.  Looking at this film is like looking at a faded scenescape as Burton creates a world that truly dazzles.  Johnny Depp makes a most unconventional hero as Ichabod Crane, but he more than provides the glue which binds this flick together.  Christina Ricci makes a good impression as the china doll like love of Ichabod's eye.  A lot of Burton's usual acting stalwarts are solid in small roles including Micheal Gough and Jeffrey Jones.  There is also a wonderful cameo by horror great Christopher Lee as the magistrate who sends Ichabod on his mission.  This film is spooky, creepy and very funny.  Even the over-the-top violence tends to engender laughs as much as chills.  A must see film not only for Halloween...but for anytime you want to enjoy spooky thrills.  The DVD edition is also great for Tim Burton's amusing commentary and the extras included.  Highly recommended!!
B000000WCA|5.0|I have loved the Spice Girls since the beginning, but only became a true fan-atic right before Geri left (which sadened me deply because she was my favourite!). Only then I bought this album and after I listened to it I was truly sorry I hadn't bought it sooner... This is the Spice Girls at their most genuine, free, joyfull and true times... Up until now a week doesn't go by without me listening to it... I love it... All these songs (Wannabe, Say You'll be there, Mamma, Who do you think you are, ...) remind me of very good times... It's a must for everybody, not just Spice fans, this is Music History, and will be remembered forever...
B00000DQSZ|5.0|Only a European band could produce something as cool as Trans-Europe Express. This is Kraftwerk, at their height of creativity, and at the forefront of the German Electronic music tradition (a tradition faithfully kept by bands and artists like Popol Vuh, Tangerine Dream, Nik Tyndall and Klaus Schulze, to name only a few)... A very close second to my all-time Kraftwerk favorite 'Radioactivity', TUE contains the classic 'The Hall of Mirrors', a stunning and unexpected composition, which, together with Metal On Metal, Franz Schubert, and the title track Trans-Europe Express deliver one of the most delightful electronic music releases of all time. It is not hard to see, after listening to TUE, why Kraftwerk has been credited with popularizing electronic music in Europe and around the World.  Beautiful, crisp sound and excellent production, too!
B00004STUL|3.0|WILL SMITH &amp; MARTIN LAWRENCE PLAY TWO BICKERING COPS WHO INVESTIGATE A BURGARLY OF A POLICE WAREHOUSE FILLED WITH CONFISCATED DRUGS AND MONEY. THE MOVIE IS GOOD JUST AS ALONG AS SMITH &amp; LAWRENCE ARE ON THE SCREEN THE MINUTE THEIR NOT THE FILM WONDERS INTO A COMPLETE STATE OF UTTER BOREDOM, WITH CORNY ONE LINERS AND ENDLESS FLOW OF MTV DANCE MUSIC. I DON'T THINK IT WOULD BE WISE TO DO A SEQUAL TO &quot;BAD BOYS&quot; BECAUSE IF THE PRODUCERS DO MAKE A SEQUAL IT WILL BE A &quot;BAD&quot; CAREER MOVE.
0671034065|3.0|It's not too often that a book makes me laugh out loud - and more than once - but this one did the trick.  (I'm still telling the &quot;mad cow disease&quot; joke to appreciative friends.) The development of Sam and Jaine's relationship kept me interested, the sexual tension and love scenes were hot.<br />But the 'mystery' was glaringly easy to solve.
0780622553|5.0|This movie is a treat visually, aurally and emotionally. The sets, makeup and special effects are incredible; the background music (which plays nearly non-stop) sets the mood and complements the action very well; and the story is captivating. I'm not a huge sci-fi fan, but Roger Ebert hit the nail on the head when he proclaimed this the best movie of 1998. And the DVD's extra features make this a must-own!
B00003CX8J|3.0|Well, what can I possibly add to the hundred of reviews of this long-awaited over-hyped cult comics adaptation? My sober and unbiased opinion, for it's the first time ever I've seen and heard the phenomenon called &quot;X-men&quot; (well, beside the toons they show on Cartoon Network). <br />It's not what I'd call a WOW!-movie (as it always happens with movies where about half-dozen of good actors have just several lines to tell and nothing else to stand out), but far from an UGH!-movie (like much-despised 3 helpings of Batman). Good cast, plausible and persuasive intrigue, some visually splendid as well as emotionally touching scenes, minimum gore and lethal results.<br />ALL in ALL the movie had a relaxing effect on me. The fans will buy it, the rest of you - watch it at least once. I don't doubt there will be at least 3 series upcoming, I hope they will not spoil the first impression...
B00003CWL6|5.0|When I went to see this I thought that this would be interesting and when I came out I was dumbstruck, I felt like I saw the world I a whole new light. I am a big fan of Kevin Spacey and that is what originally drew me to the film. I have never been so educated or touched by a film before. The acting was sublime and I sincerely believe that it might have been perfect. It is the best film of all time. Considering my taste in film you might find it suprising to find American Beauty up there in the Top 5: 1. American beauty 2. Gladiator 3. High Fidelity 4. Gone in 60 Seconds 5. Man on the Moon Intiguing hein? Well thanks for reading and I you have not already seen this movie do so right away.
B00003CWL6|4.0|When I first saw this movie, I went by a philosophy teachers sugestion. When the movie ended I thanked god I was not born in the U.S.A. It was such a great critic to the &quot;perfect family and society&quot; that U.S. has the habbit to try and follow. What a punch in the stomach.   I think that by viewing it outside the critics field helped a lot to my oppinion. What each character represents and means, and the way the beauty of things is dealed is marvelous! A masterpiece if you may say! American Beauty brings the americans to the ground!
B000046PVN|5.0|John Williams is absolutely my favorite movie composer,(just look at all the different movies he's done)and it is fantastic to finally have the soundtrack of Superman the way it actually appears in the movie.Unlike,the first original soundtrack(the one that was released when the movie came out)the beginning starts off with the prologue/main title march just as it is in the movie,and it is just awesome.The quality of this CD is excellent,and the booklet that is included gives a lot of very interesting information on the recording.I also enjoyed listening to the alternate tracks,most notably the alternate main title march at the start of disc two,and the pop version of Flying Sequence/Can You Read My Mind?.(That one definately had a 70's sound to it)The finale/end title followed by the beautiful Superman love theme is fantastic.I could go on and on,so basically I'll just say the whole CD is excellent.I love Superman The Movie,and I just couldn't imagine it without this magnificent original score.I only wish John Williams could have written the music for Superman II,it would have made an already very good movie a lot better,but that's another story.Overall,as far as soundtracks go,this ranks right up with the Star Wars Trilogy Special Edition soundtracks as my favorites.
B000050HTO|5.0|The Essential Bob Dylan is an excellent retrospective of the man's output, taking you from the early 60's with classics like &quot;Blowin' In the Wind&quot; and &quot;Times They Are A Changin'&quot;, into his peak mid 60's years of &quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot; &amp; &quot;Rainy Day Woman #12 &amp; 35&quot;, into his 70's years with &quot;Tangled Up In Blue&quot; &amp; &quot;Hurricane&quot;, his 80's work of &quot;Jokerman&quot; &amp;  &quot;Silvio&quot; through his most recent work of &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; &amp; &quot;Things Have Changed&quot;. You get a little taste of ever phase a career that has spanned some forty years and has taken many twists and turns. This is a great place to start for someone looking to get into Dylan and a great collection for ardent Dylan fans.
6305001162|4.0|I got this for my wife and she had two of her girlfriends over and they all sang along watching it. No big surprise there. The VHS comes with a dance re-mix CD with a picture of JT and ONJ on it and the script and lyrics in a booklet. They're pretty cool for goodies in a VHS. There is also something extra as part of the program but my wife fast-forwarded past it, so I don't know what it is. Maybe interviews, maybe &quot;Making of&quot;, I dunno but it should be at the end of the program -- like on my collector's &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot;. I guess they wanted it to be a &quot;teaser&quot; but it's more like a &quot;spoiler&quot;. This tape isn't letterboxed, but that seems to be a plus for some people. Ok, I won't say anything, I know you think you're missing part of the show on the pan and scan... I won't say anything. This is a good gift to get someone who likes 'Grease' and anyone that likes it loves it, so you can't go wrong. My wife was singing the songs when she got the thing -- a week before she watched it.
B000001IPL|5.0|While the disc is excellent, it hardly lives up to 'Igniton', however, it is still great. I love this album, so do all my friends. Great songs populate the album, a great intro to the offspring.
0553573403|3.0|Before I begin, I have to say that I do appreciate the fact that this is a well written book with well developed characters and plot. So why only three stars? Ah, where to begin...<br />First, you must ask yourself what it is that makes you a fan of the fantasy genre. What attributes must a book possess for you to qualify it as fantasy anyway? Is it simply the lack of technology in the books? Must magic and fantastic creatures be involved as well? Do we simply need to substitute swords for guns? This is a highly subjective point, I know, but an important point if you're reading these reviews trying to decide if these books will be something you'd enjoy, thus warranting a purchase.<br />From my point of view, magic, unicorns and/or dragons are not necessary for a work to be classified as fantasy. To me, a medieval setting coupled with HEROIC and NOBLE characters battling evil and tranny are the are the stuff of which fantasy is made; something this book is completely lacking. A Game of Thrones is realistic... depressingly so. One of the primary reasons I read fantasy is to escape into a world where the ideals of truth and justice are still upheld and good triumphs over evil.<br />Don't get me wrong, I love a good bit of gritty realism in my books; I like to &quot;smell the dirt&quot; as it were - which is one of the reasons I never much liked the Dragonlance series - but I always have to have that little ray of light in my fantasy books, and A Game of Thrones revels in dark, dreary realism with nary a &quot;ray of light&quot; to be seen. As someone said below, it's more like a medieval Tom Clancy novel, and it works as such: a five star book full of political intrigue. But for those of you who share my view of what fantasy is, you'll almost certainly be dissapointed. Perhaps if you begin reading this book without any expectations, you'll be able to derive more enjoyment from it. I think now that my eyes are opened, I'll enjoy the rest of the books in the series a lot more. But fantasy it ain't.t more. But fantasy it ain't.
B00001NFCY|5.0|So what, 'Human Clay' isn't totally flawless, it is an improvment on the stellar 'My own Prison', but you can here the potential all over this disc. From the moment I bough this cd a year ago, I knew 'With Arms Wide Open' would be the HUGE hit it turned out to be. Higher, the first single, rocked for weeks and then weeks turned into months. I must say, in this age of Rap, Nu Metal, and the crap that is popular with the Mtv kids, well, it's good to see some good rock topping the charts again. Buy this and support the greatest rock band of the late 1990's. <br />One more thing buy music by The Offspring, buy more of their music.
B00004Z459|5.0|Really this cd is great. There maybe been changes a little. And all the songs are great. There maybe 2 songs that you think at first like &quot;Points Of Authority&quot;  and Papercut<br />you'll have to listen to the cd three times stright to love those songs. A band that has known each other for since the 7th grade. You know they muct know music.<br />A great rock and hip hop band. And chester the singer who has a great voice. And also for the slow songs. <br />Crawling a song about to much pressure. Whice is cool if your feeling the same as he is. He sings so great it seems that hes telling his life story. And yet, you are really feeling his pain when you know all the lyrics.<br />So, if you think you don't want to buy it. Try to see them live. You'll learn to love them. One of the best bands ever live. And also try to see the band. they always give free stuff like demo tapes and free singles. <br />So if you like a blend of rock and hiphop. YOu should damn staight get this cd! THIS PURE cd is just genius.
B00000K19E|5.0|Finally the Matrix DVD the best movie I have ever seen is on DVD. Yeah oh joy.So the movie as itself is very cool you have never seen better one.But on DVD the story really begins the special effects a here much better an can be normaly seen not like in the cinema where you can`t see a dust of this movie.I would recommend it to evryone who wants or loves actoin/s-f/romantic(I would bet there was a little romance on the end of the movie).It has evrything what the movie needs.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|My favorite is #7 &quot;These are the Special Times&quot;.  She sang it much better than Celine's version!  More dynamic and more soul.<br />#1 and #2 are very Christina too!  The beats are catchy!  <br />#3 &quot;Oh Holy Night&quot;- more soul than Mariah Carey, but I don't like it that much.  The hardest part is the &quot;Oh night divine&quot; part, and she keeps using her fake voice in the beginning.  No doubt that Christina can sing it, but she should show it off earlier!<br />I am a big fan of Christina!  You go girl!  Can't wait for your next album!!!
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is a great band. Do they have the best guitar sounds in the world? No. But their guiar player plays bass, too. Do they have the best vocal abillites around? No. But they have two singers who make every track awsome. I love this band. This is a great blend of rap and metal. The tracks are chilling. The sound is great. Every thing is great. Buy this album, and you'll know what I mean. You will love it, and plus, who wouldn't want to say they've been there since the begging when this band blows up?
B00004XONN|5.0|I've been reading some of the other reviews of this album and I'm disappointed at some of the negative reactions.  I have never been a fan of Radiohead.  In fact, I had only heard two of their songs, &quot;Creep&quot; and &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;.  The first I found utterly annoying in its self-consumed despair.  The second, I found more interesting both melodically and conceptually, but it didn't make me want to buy any of their albums.  So, the first complete Radiohead album that I heard was KID A.  I pretty much bought it on a whim.  I heard that it wasn't the usual plastic rock crap you hear on the radio, like Blink 180-something or the GooGoo Dolls.  So I bought it.<br />I sat down in my room alone with my headphones and pressed the play button on my cd player.  Immediately I was overwhelmed by the sonic brilliance of &quot;Everything in it's right place&quot;.  I realize that this song is somewhat musically relentless.  But as the song progesses, it builds in its intensity through the layering of vocals, instruments and computer sounds.  I find it's musical aesthetic completely arresting and unlike anything I've ever heard before.  A similar intesity is evident with &quot;Kid A&quot;, which is a more gentle piece of music.  This might be my favorite piece on the album.  This songs sounds as though a new kind of life form is being born...a hybrid of humanity and technology.  Even the more &quot;traditional&quot; songs like &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; manage to find a more experimental sound structure to tap into.  I'm not saying that this album is for everyone.  Some people buy an album wanting to hear something familiar...something that they can relate to...something that caters to their closed cultural bubble.  I like music that challenges me to expand the boundaries of my imagination, allowing me discover thoughts and worlds beyond my experience.  I think that it's not easy to like something like KID A.  But I think that people should makea real effort to hear it before they condemn it.
6305075492|4.0|This is basically the author of the horror films.   The first horror film was actually done by Thomas Edison; it was a movie short of Frankenstein.<br />Anyway, This movie is one of the greatest treasures in the history of film as well as of course the world of the horror films.  This is an eerie film that sticks to your mind and you cannot easily forget.  It is a must for cinema fans.<br />It has not only been called as the first horror film, but it is the first zombie film.  Its plot is an original one that has been modeled after since its release in '26.  <br />First offered to Fritz Lang, he declined it to shoot Der Mud Tod (Destiny, another great).  One of the lead actors in this, Conrad Veite (the zombie), was listed down as one of the replacements for Dracula after Lon Chaney died.  <br />There is so much history to this: one of the great German films beside that of Metropolis.  <br />P.S.: I gave it a four only because of the poor D.V.D. transfer: they show a bar on the top of the screen in several frames throughout the film.  I understand they did this because they would have had to crop out part of the movie if they didn't.  Especially in parts where they show dialogue over the set, I agree with this method.  But for fans of the film who would like to see it over and over, it is a bummer.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|Lenny Kravitz has often been accused of being completely derivative, creating no original sounds of his own.  To this point, one really can't argue. But that being said, what's wrong with being derivative.  Sure Mr. Kravitz can cop a Beatlesque harmony or Hendrix riff, but he does them with such conviction and pureness.  He can change styles from the straight rock of &quot;Are You Gonna Go My Way&quot; to the Philly soul sound of &quot;It Ain't Over Till It's Over&quot; to hippie-rock of &quot;Let Love Rule&quot; to funk-rock of &quot;Always On The Run&quot;.  His songs have some infectious riffs that stick in your head for days.  Lenny Kravitz may not be the most original artist to come along, but he is a complete craftsman who in the end makes some damn good music.
6305078491|5.0|Dreyer, not known for horror films, brings us such a chilling tale with Vampyr.  Made in '32 it truly brings the old German Expressionistic qualities to a very frightening horror novel.  <br />This movie shares the same cinematography style of such other well known directors as Fritz Lang and F.W. Murnau.  <br />There are some uses of shadows and other very, very eclectic uses of the lens that are truly eye-opening seventy years after its release.  It is image orinated from its opening sequence throughout the end.  The whole film, although shot just a year or two into the big arrival of the talkies, hardly uses any dialogue or sound.  This effectively helps it remain in this dreamstate.   The whole film has an eerie atmosphere about it that sort of swallows you into its heavy dreamlike presence.  The use of shadows and imagery are incredible.  It is an irrestible film not to be missed by avid horror and old-school cinema buffs.<br />There is a short film with this (The Mascot) which I thought was just as eye-spliting as Vampyr.  It is a stop-animation feature that ..I just could not believe what I saw for it being filmed as early as it was.  It was certainly used as a staple by the director of Nightmare Before Christmas, Henry Selick, and its producer and author, Tim Burton.  <br />Oddly enough, there is a band playing in Hell (in the Mascot) that looks like Jack's band in Nightmare.
6305971951|1.0|I saw the second movie first and really liked it, so I rented the first one.  Big disappointment.  The story had almost no depth at all.  You really didn't get to know the characters.  There wasn't much of on the edge of your seat excitement.<br />Also, I noticed some things that didn't make sense- this movie didn't have much scientific logic to it.  For instance, the guys chasing the two time travellers needed them alive- yet they shot at them!  Further, even before they shot at them the two ran- when they didn't have any reason to.  And that older guy (won't say who) that knew what happened, wouldn't tell what happened for no reason that I can see.  These things and more were just to irritating to overlook.<br />But, there were some surprises and some paradox stuff that did make you wonder.  And there was time travel.  So, the movie wasn't a total loss.<br />And maybe I would have liked it better had I seen this one BEFORE the next one.<br />The sequel was really good- atlot more excitement and suspence, and more character depth.<br />The sequel was about a horrifying alernate reality created by time travel that the main character of both movies- I forget his name- was the only one who knew that this wasn't the way things were supposed to be. (He remembered the orginal reality)<br />It seems from other reviews that if a person likes one movie (1 or 2) they probably won't like the other.  But, then they are very different movies.
0131103628|5.0|No C book can compete with this book.  I have been coding C for nearly 4 years and I use this book several times a week.  The book is written like clean C code: short and to the point. No flowery language like other books.  <br />Now only if I can find a C++ book like this one.
0790737973|4.0|Sphere is definitly worth a watch. I veiwed it yesterday, and only because I had a choice...play soccor or watch a movie. I have no reservations as to saying that I was heartliy bored when the movie first started. But once the story really kicked off, not only my self, but all of my class mates were on the edges of their seat.<br />  Sphere is an excellent psychological thriller, and every single time you think you know whats happening, another plot swist comes along and knocks you off your feet.<br />  Trust me, Science fiction fan or not, you HAVE to see this movie. It really gets you thinking about human nature.<br />  However, don't expect to much out of the ending. I think they felt they had to wrap up the story in a hurry, because it really is a let down. But trust me, despite it's ending this movie is really a something that everyone should see.
B000002IMG|5.0|Testament, with Alex Skolnick in the lineup, was the greatest metal band ever, IMHO.  The New Order and Practice What You Preach are the metal equivalent of the Mona Lisa, great works that others have tried, but failed, to equal.  If someone can come up with better chord progressions than Skolnick and Eric Peterson come up with in Trial By Fire and Disciples Of The Watch, I would like to know about it.  Not that those are the only two great songs on the CD.  I kid you not, there is not ONE bad song on this album.  The thing that makes these to CD's so great is Testament's ability to play very fast but still keep a definate melodic flow to thier music, unlike a couple post-Skolnick efforts, Low and Demonic, that have little or no melodic flow to them.  I am happy to report that thier latest effort, The Gathering, is a vast improvement on those previous two efforts. Though not up to Order or Preach quality, it is infinately more listenable than Low or Demonic.
B000001BZT|5.0|Wow! This is country with a roaring rock `n roll heart, and a delicious concept album packed with melodic, emotional but very literate songs. At times it reminds me of the best work of The Rolling Stones. Every track is great, but my favorites include the title track, Snake Oil, The Devil's Right Hand, Johnny Come Lately and You Belong To Me. I investigated Steve Earle because of Emmylou Harris' cover of his song Goodbye on her Wrecking Ball album, and I've not been disappointed. His growling voice is full of feeling and the band is brilliant. Sometimes bitter, sometimes tender, this is a masterpiece of breath-taking beauty.
B00004XONN|5.0|From the first song to the last. Radiohead will take you on an amazing journey. You'll leave your body and this world, and will return 53 minutes laters. Close the lights, close your eyes, and enjoy the magic. What a Ride!
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This is a fantastic collection of the creative genius demonstrated from 1962 to 1970 - by Paul McCartney. I'm going to wait for the one that showcases the #1 singles that showcase Lennon's voice and songwriting; this CD, strangely, only has a couple of token Lennon numbers. It's obvious which ex-Beatle made the track selections...
B000000993|5.0|This album is my favorite Tool recording. I believe the music is much more abrasive sounding and the lyrics are better than what is heard on nima. Although, it is not as thought-provoking as nima, I think they still work, and Maynard's vocals are top-notch. Hopefully, Tool's new album will be just as great.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I don't know why anyone would say this film was anything but excellent.  I was skeptical at first, but I was sold after viewing this movie.  Kevin Spacy's performance is incredible, and the cinematography throughout this tornado of emotions ties the narritive together.<br />This movie works for any age level.  Parents and teens can both identify with the characters.  That's the beauty of this movie.<br />I highly recommend this movie.  If you haven't seen it yet, you need go out and watch it today.
B00004T9UH|5.0|itis my pleasure to edit my view about this album. i was down for real, but when i listening to this cd, i fell so glad and i fell i really enjoying the music. i think this is the man in hip-hop as well as in the music industry as whole. i wish this rapper(eminem) all the best and succesesful in music
6304806418|5.0|Evita is a favorite show of mine. This is a fantastic story of a fantastic woman. The movie has been done very tastefully. Madonna has portrayed the part wonderfully. The music is superb. This is one DVD that one would enjoy over and again. It is a pity that Madonna did not get an academy award for this movie.
0060282983|5.0|This book is a classic, and I think this is because it is a simple story (life on a farm for a talking pig and his friends) with a very deep message about life, death, and the value and connection of all sentient beings.<br />If you read this as a child, you may remember the friendship of poor Wilbur, doomed to die young. You'll recall that he's saved by his brilliant spider friend Charlotte, who weaves words into her web, in a way advertising Wilbur's uniqueness to the farmer and his daughter. You might also remember the goose, the rat and other friends who rally.<br />Read this again as an adult, and you may find there's more to the story.  When I read this story to my oldest child some 25 years ago, I was amazed at his tears at end.  In fact, I'd forgotten that the wonderful Charlotte dies after laying hundreds and hundreds of spidery eggs.<br />Wilbur (and my son) grieved over the 'unfairness' of this, although Charlotte in her wisdom knew that she (like all living beings) was are going to die.  She left her heritage - not just her baby spiders (who 'know' Wilbur, since they were as one with their mother), but Wilbur, whose life she saved.<br />A wonderful story, to be appreciated on many levels as you wish, from the most superficial to a deeper more spiritual one.<br />Hardcover edition has been on our shelves for over 30 years!
B00004XOWM|5.0|LIMP BIZKIT HAS DONE IT AGAIN.  THIS BAND JUSTS KEEPING GETTING BETTER AND BETTER.  THIS ALBUM COMES BACK TO THE SOUND OF THEIR FIRST ALBUM &quot;THREE DOLLAR BILZ YA'LL&quot;.  FRED DURST COMES WITH AWESOME LYRICS WITH THAT LYRICAL ANGST.  WES BORLAND HAS GONE CREATIVE WITH HIS IBANEZ.  JOHN OTTO HAS GOT THE BEATS ALONG WITH DJ LETHAL.  THEY COMBINE POUNDING BEATS WITH AGGRESSIVE MELODIC TONE.  SAM RIVERS KEEPS HIS AGGRESSION THERE WITH THE FUNKY BASS.  THE ALBUM AS A WHOLE IS VERY CREATIVE, OFF OF THE HOOK, AND ROCKS ALL THE WAY THRU.  I FEEL FRED DURST REALLY LOOKED DEEP INSIDE HIMSELF ON THIS ALBUM AND HAS BROKEN THROUGH AND IT'S THE BEST SONGWRITING SINCE I LISTENED TO JONATHAN DAVIS FROM KoRn ON &quot;FOLLOW THE LEADER&quot; AND &quot;ISSUES&quot;.  HIS HONESTY IS SOMETHING THAT IS RARE IN MUSIC TODAY.  SINGING ABOUT WHAT YOU FEEL.  THAT'S WHY I LIKE ALL THREE OF THEIR ALBUMS.  THE BAND PLAYS ALONG WITH THE EMOTION OF THE SONG VERY WELL.  THAT'S WHY I GIVE IT FIVE STARS BECAUSE THE ALBUM IS JUST RIGHT FOR ANY MOOD YOU ARE IN.
0618077367|5.0|This book opens the possibility that Santa Claus -- as presented to most of us -- may not physically exist. It does this in a way that will allow children and their parents to ease into that question, a graceful move from the belief in a living St. Nick, to a belief in the spirit of Christmas.<br />It begins like this: &quot;On Christmas Eve, many years ago, I lay quietly in my bed.  I did not rustle the sheets.  I breathed slowly and silently.  I was listening for a sound -- a sound a friend had told me I'd never hear -- the ringing of Santa's sleigh.<br />'There is no Santa,' my friend had insisted, but I knew he was wrong.&quot;<br />From here, we follow a beautifully illustrated story of this young boy's quiet night ride with other children, on the Polar Express train to the North Pole, a &quot;huge city standing alone at the top of the world, filled with factories where every Christmas toy was made.&quot;<br />Our narrator is the fortunate child, picked by Santa, to receive the first gift of that Christmas.  He knows exactly what he wants, a simple gift that will help him continue to believe in the magic of Christmas, a silver bell from a reindeer's harness.<br />He gets his wish, but loses it on the train ride home.  However, there's a happy ending -- evidently Santa has found the bell, and put it under the tree.  The boy and his little sister admire the beauty of the sound it makes, but their parents say, &quot;Oh, that's too bad....It's broken.&quot;<br />Many years later, the boy's sister and all of his friends can no longer hear the bell.<br />&quot;Though I've grown old, the bell still rings for me as it does for all who truly believe.&quot;<br />My youngest son at ages 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 has chosen to firmly believe with the narrator, but he's moved around in his reaction to the notion that Santa isn't real.  From -- &quot;that's ridiculous, isn't it?&quot; to &quot;Mom...it is ridiculous, isn't it?&quot; This book will let him hold onto the Christmas spirit for as long as he wants, and to return to it whenever he needs it.<br />This version comes complete with CD's/tapes with readings. Buy the less expensive edition, add a silver bell, and (if you can), read it with the child yourself to give a really special gift.<br />A wonderful book for those who want to believe in the spirit of Christmas every day of every year.pirit for as long as he wants, and to return to it whenever he needs it.<br />This version comes complete with CD's/tapes with readings. Buy the less expensive edition, add a silver bell, and (if you can), read it with the child yourself to give a really special gift.<br />A wonderful book for those who want to believe in the spirit of Christmas every day of every year.
0375704027|5.0|I'm Japanese. I knew the work of the Haruki Murakami for the first time in this. Since this work is read, I have become the captive of the work of Haruki Murakami.<br />After this book is read, I think that the way that one thought changed.I also think that the view which the world was presumed became broad.And, the book which was added and it let me think to vary this much was the first. Then, I was surprised that this book gave a person in the world impression more than what.<br />Though the work of the Haruki Murakami is very famous in Japan,I didn't know that the work of Haruki Murakami  was evaluated this much in the world.<br />I am happy when it thinks that the writer whom one likes best is giving the person of the world impression, too.And it is read to the people of the various generations in the world from this as well.
0425129586|5.0|Ok, think about it: you're  on an island with 9 other people. There's no way off of it.  And to top it all off, there is a murderer on the island, picking you off, one by one.  The only clue: a nursry ryme.  Sound scary, thrilling, exciting? That's the idea in Agatha Christie's mistery novel &quot;And Then There Were None.&quot; Not only does it keep you on the edge of your seet, it will keep you coming back for more.  If you like misteries, or jsut enjoy a good book, READ IT!  It will make you think twice about staying on an island.
6303566448|5.0|The best horror movie ever made, period.  For me anyway, this has to be my personal favorite. Forget all that Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer junk. You wanna see a REAL horror movie? Rent this one. Skip it if you're squeamish, though--trust me on this.<br />  The plot is taken (loosely) from an HP Lovecraft tale, &quot;Herbert West, Re-animator&quot;. The taglines kinda say it all.  Dan Cain is a young medical student dating the Dean's daughter, who takes in a roomer and meets up with West, brilliantly played by Jeffrey Combs. West has discovered a &quot;reagent&quot; that will bring the dead back to life, except the serum still needs lots of work. When the dead people wake up, they do not seem happy at all to be brought back, and in fact have the tempermant of a grizzly bear on PCP. Added to the mix is the creepy Dr. Hill (who looks like an uglier, way creepier version of James Woods), who clashes with West and also has an icky obsession with Dean Halsey's daughter. (the attraction results in the movie's most outrageous scene that I'm sure you've heard about, which gives new meaning to a slang term for oral sex that..well, you'll figure it out).<br />  This movie is scary, gory, original, and above all, lots of fun. Just when you think it can't get any more over-the-top, it does. Combs steals the show as West, who looks like a cartoon version of a brainy young scientist with huge hornrimmed glasses. I appreciate his performance more each time I view the movie. He gets most of the best lines, such as when Dan yells at him when a hysterical Meg has found her pet cat, Rufus, in West's fridge with a broken neck, that if he found the cat that way as he claimed, West could have left a note. &quot;A note saying what? 'Dan: cat dead. Details later'?&quot; he dryly replies.<br />  Stuart Gordon made other great movies later on such as From Beyond and The Pit and the Pendulum (also with Combs) but he never topped this underrated, underseen gem.<br />  A word of caution-make sure you are renting the unrated version, as the R version has most of the gore cut out and the last 20 great minutes reduced to 5 or so. The R rated version has some scenes not in the unrated one that you might find interesting if you are a big fan (I rented it by accident) but really, the unrated version is the way to go.The Pit and the Pendulum (also with Combs) but he never topped this underrated, underseen gem.<br />                                        A word of caution-make sure you are renting the unrated version, as the R version has most of the gore cut out and the last 20 great minutes reduced to 5 or so. The R rated version has some scenes not in the unrated one that you might find interesting if you are a big fan (I rented it by accident) but really, the unrated version is the way to go.
B000050HTO|1.0|Another shameless compilation by columbia to cash in on the up-coming holiday market sales. If anyone at columbia cares at all about one of the most improtant bodies of work in music of any era, start remastering the complete Dylan catalog beginning with his first. His catalog is of such poor quality I still listen to the LPs for anything before Of Mercy. My god, if you can remaster the Bands music (which was lnog overdue and in even worse shape), give bob his due. Quit producing mindless greatest hits complilations and give us whatwe really want: Quality dylan cds. And for those of you out there that think a cursory overall of dylans career is acceptable, find another artist to latch on to.
6304288433|3.0|This is the one that started the spawning of the seven sequels one which did not have Michael Myers in it. It did not have the same attidude,i guess you could say,as the first.First off,we find out Michael cannot die.The shape's hair is blonde. And he is not as scary as in the first one.It was ok. But to tell to you the truth not that interesting.(You don't know what death is.)
B00004YW6I|5.0|I was introduced to PJ back when she had just released &#34;To Bring you my love&#34;.  At first, I did not think much of the album, listend to it once or twice and left for dead on the CD rack.  It wasn't until one day out of the blue I plunked the CD in player that all of a sudden her voice and the music hit me like a runaway MAC truck!!  Yup, I found myself engulfed by her voice and lyrics so much that I could not get her sound out of my head for days.....  She's just that brilliant!  An original!!  A real musician with real talent!  No marketing glitter and glitz introduction needed for PJ!  Her albums/music speak for themselves. Anyhoo.... this album, yet another brilliant release of hers, is rather subtle than her previous offerings, but just as potent, sounds a lot &#34;mature&#34; (maybe relaxed yet grand is what I mean), not as &#34;charging&#34;, but her voice and lyrics engulf one's imagination taking along for a haunting and penetrating ride into the lives of the characters of people whose stories she so passionately tells.... I bought the UK release, the US releases are always lacking!, which has a bonus track &#34;This Wicked Tongue&#34;.  Which BTW is one of the only two &#34;Dry&#34;esque, &#34;Big Exit&#34;, first song of the album, (i.e. Raw PJ!! of the early releases), songs.  I guess just so to let the audiences know, that even though PJ has evolved a little but the spirit still remains the same and raw as her previous releases! As far as I am concerned, the more I listen to this album, the more I find my self wanting to listen to it....:)
B0000039LE|5.0|The one that started them all.This is truely a instant classic. The way Donald Pleasance gives those very eerie speeches. A not to mention the start of the lovely and talented actress Jamie Lee Curtis. Michael is always the best. (Was that the boogeyman?)
0062502182|5.0|The book of the alchemist was very interesting.The book shows us how to take risks in life.My opinion of this wonderful book is that if we want to be a successful person, we have to follow the dreams what we have in mind. And if in the way are persons who told that you are crazy, don't take care of them. Its true that you going to pass for bad things but if you know what you really want in life. You have to do as the book says in your own way to meet your goals.Thats why I really like this book gives us some examples how  life is complicated to become a successful person.
0375501851|3.0|My book club, a group of six Black women, read this book, for our last book club meeting.  While we all agreed that Zadie Smith does indeed have a flair for writing, and writes extremely well we were disappointed and a little confused as to why this book was given rave reviews.  Not one of us could make the connection between the title &quot;White Teeth&quot; and the story.  So, obviously we missed something in the story.  Usually, the meaning of the title is revealed somewhere in the plot. We thought the plot was very weak  Can someone explain what &quot;White Teeth&quot; means.  Also, not one of us found this book to be enjoyable. There were high points, but there were far too many pages that just went on and on and on. Most found it painful to finish, but as a commitment to the group all but one of us finished the book.  Most of the members said that they kept reading because they had invested so much time and kept waiting, waiting for something to pull them into the story.  The final verdict - disappointed!
6303965415|5.0|As far as I'm concerned, the best Jane Austen adaptation out there.  A solid, poetic BBC production with no major stars, but great. Very atmospheric, with wind swept images of the English coast, and the dripping dreariness of Bath in the winter. Plus, their skirts actually get dirty!  Also, I'm hard pressed to think of another film with such edge-of-your-seat romantic tension. And Captain Wentworth, played by Irishman Cairan Hinds is the ultimate Knight In Shining Armour(!).<br />The BBC's &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; six part miniseries is divine too.  With Colin Firth as a smoldering and dreamy Mr. Darcy, and Jennifer Ehle as the lovely Miss Bennet, with terrific supporting cast. Fun, funny and lovely to look at.
B000002H72|3.0|If you're in junior high.<br />Really, there were much more important bands at the time (slint, the fall, sonic youth, half japaneese).  while i'm not denying the pixies' importance, i have to say that there are better things going on, and that this isn't even their best album (see surfer rosa.)   what you need to do is see if you have a copy of slint's spiderland album.  if you don't, buy that album instead.  i promise that it is a million times better than this.  or buy some music from NOW.  the new chicks on speed is amazing.  the new modest mouse and shellac records are good to.  there is a lot of good music being made right now.  you should be buying that instead.
B00003CXDG|5.0|My first reaction to this film was: \\"This isn't a Mission Impossible movie\\". Okay, so, it has all the trademarks of MI, such as the masks, the messages the self-destruct and such, but in reality, this film is just another action/adventure yarn in the James Bond mould.<br />Having said that, MI-2 is a brilliant film. My first reaction to seeing MI-2 was to go out and buy all of director John Woo's movies, because even if they are even a tenth as good as this, then surely they must be well worth watching. <br />MI-2 has a very subtle thematic structure for a move of this genre and Woo seems to keep all the metonyms and such like as subtle as possible, so as not to detract from the narrative drive. So, top marks for direction and production.<br />Also, top marks for story and scripting because all the characters down to the smallest were three dimensional and totally believable. You come away from this movie really wanting to meet its protagonists because you feel you know them so well. <br />While MI-2 is good in that all the characters are very well drawn and acted, although Ethan Hunt is a very different character to the one in the original MI movie. Gone is the loveable American boy grown up, and in its place is a James Bond wannabe - and this grates a little because with one Bond around, we don't really need another. Part of Hunt's charm in the original movie is his vulnerability, and this has been sadly expunged in this sequel in favor of a macho stereotype that, whilst well played and realized, has now become a cinematic clich. <br />All these niggles to one side, this is a very good action/adventure romp that leaves out all the Cold War legacies of the original and aims instead at the vagaries of capitalist greed verses the good of the human race. It really races along from one brilliantly conceived scene to another with a smoothness that does its makers credit and there are also some very good stunts and special effects that don't dominate the plot.<br />Overall, a very good buy - if you can, get the DVD version, because the extras on this are well worth the extra outlay.
0060196122|2.0|&quot;Veronica Decides to Die&quot; is my second reading of Coelho's work.   I know well that he has lots of fans around the world, and this novel, written in such easy langauge and simple narrative structure, reads very quick.  However, I have to admit that it was a little bit disappointment to me.<br />The beginning is fine, suggestive--up to about 21 pages, but, I feel, the rest of the novel gets more and more normal and sounds much like what I have already heard somewhere else-- in TV programmes, films, books on psychology, or even other novels. The characterization is rather boringly typified, including the main characters, Veronica, Eduard, Dr Igor and other characters such as Eduard's parents, &quot;the ambassador&quot; and &quot;the wife&quot;. <br />All the prolonged teacher-like talk (there is too much reference to old theories or discoveries of Sigmund Freud!!) about madness, death, and human suffering ends up with over-simplified and sentimental conclusion &quot;Love Conquers All&quot;. And the healing power of love is, of course, given only to Veronica and Eduard, woman and man, both &quot;young&quot;, very &quot;nice-looking&quot; and artistically talented (as we are told so over and over).<br />What about other older and less attractive patients left in hospital? What are they supposed to do?  Only occasional shock treatment by Dr Igor?  Finding someone available and falling in love too? In the end, this novel may hint at another unhealthy, discouraging, and discriminating message.
0385495323|5.0|Singh's book on a topic that many would find boring is actually a delight. Though a little part of the book is donated to how codes are broken and definition, the stories in the book are the true gems here. If you love history of any kind- pick this book up.
B00003CXFG|4.0|I usually don't get too into Sci-Fi movies, but this one was an exception.  Always something around the corner to grab your attention.  It is hard to pinpoint what makes the film so good, but I think it has to do with several things that the director did to let the viewer use his or her own imagination.  For instance, it is never known what planet they are on.  Only a vague idea is giving as to why each person is the trip.  During different times in the movie, the color goes to a pale look.  The combonation of the scenery and the color paints a very descriptive picutre of what kind of harsh weather conditions they are experiencing.  The &quot;alien&quot; they encounter lives in the dark and they also show signs of being very intelligent, so it is sure to keep the viewer on the edge of their seat.
6301442962|5.0|This film is exceptional -- exceptionally casted, acted and brings such joy to one's heart.  Maureen O'Hara and Natalie Wood steal the show, but the supporting actors are wonderfully casted. Edmund Gwenn is the only person who could have played the role of Kris Kringle.  A lovely movie for all ages, it reminds us to believe in the magic of Christmas!
B000002U9E|4.0|This recording was my first full-length recording EXPOSURE to Kate Bush - in early 1998!! (i'm 26) The bits I had heard from her in the past didn't grab me; but BOY, this CD sure did. Upon first listen, and a RELUCTANT one at that, I realized halfway through the disc that I had been transported into another world without realizing WHEN I had let go of the reigns! Kate Bush is (was) among the most fanciful artists in popular music.<br />The ONLY track I skip on this disc is the repulsive, coo-cooing, footloose and fancy free title track. But the rest is VERY SPECIAL! <br />At first listen you realize your interest is piqued ... \\"what was that???\\" you wonder. By the third or fourth listen, you're past \\"interested\\" - you're HOOKED.<br />Her voice is quirky and unusual but gifted. The music is pop alternative with an even mix of instruments old and \\"new\\", spiced with Irish folk sentiments.<br />My favorite song is \\"Watching You Without Me\\" - since I have had so many personal experiences with ghosts and the like in my life. It's something I can relate to, rather than that silly radio music. These are songs that tell stories!! There is an epic-quality to this music.<br />For those that \\"got into\\" Celtic schtuff in the last few years - you may be interested in knowing that Mr. Riverdance Whelan himself arranged some Irish folk interludes in some of these tunes that'll send you reeling ;)<br />I got \\"Sensual World\\" next - I can recommend that too, especially with the bulgarian throat singers Trio Bulgarka! But that disc is uneven. Tried \\"The Kick Inside\\" and \\"The Red Shoes\\" and SOLD them fast... so don't say I didn't warn you!<br />You may as well get the version with the 6 extra tracks if you know you'll enjoy this disc. Those are very interesting. The remix of \\"Big Sky\\" is sloppy at close listening (editing) but the additions are funny (lyrically). The acappella \\"Lagan's Love\\" should've been used in place of this CD's title track instead!<br />To me, she isn't quite an enya or a sinead or an elizabeth fraser or a bjork, but I can understand her loyal fan following over the years. Kate Bush has had an influential and unique contribution to music ... and this recording is the epitome of that.<br />Kate Bush - The Hounds of Love --- A magical disc!!
B00000IL1K|5.0|Troy, there is a very simple solution. If the CD is defective, take it back to where you bought it and exchange it.  I know dozens of people who have purchased this CD with no problems. This is not the place to gripe about the quality of the manufacturing process.
B00004U8P9|5.0|Dracula forget it , Frankenstien not even these can't  even hold a candle to how many times Rocky Horror Picture Show has been viewed around the world it dosen't matter  what country you go to likely when you say &quot; The Time Warp &quot; this phonomonon will come to mind.Throw away all your , problems and let your inhibitons take you , give yourself  to ultimate pleasure with a mix of parody sci fi/horror  and if you have not seen this legendary film then when you see Tim Curry as the alien transvestite Dr. Frank n Furter you will know why this has just about as big as a following as Star Trek , but this is not just a film is a form of , expression for it's many legions of fans when fans come into a theatre to watch this film they know there not alone many  others will follow dressed up as well.But after 25 years  what has this film accomplished 25 years ago Rock Horror  was a almost dead in the water grossing only $3000 in 1975 until it's creators in 1976 gave it a midnight run at a  theatre in New York and after that the rest was history as  Frank N Furter , Janet , Brad , Rocky , and Magenta would  become household names word is the president of Rocky Fan club has seen it more then 2000 times.So what has the Rocky Horror Picture Show done for it's fans after 25 years it  has done what no other B- Buget film has done it has given  it's beloved and devoted fans a way to leave there problems  behind of indiffrences and come together for a film that  gives people all over a world young and old , no matter  what color or sexual prefrence or what sex to come out  and express themselves in a way that no other film could after 25 years if politicans cant make us see the light  maybe this film can hopefully for centurys to come.
B000001Y9I|4.0|The only thing I can add to the above reviews is the observation that &quot;Sometimes I Feel Like Screaming&quot; is not only the best song on the album, but one of the best songs Deep Purple ever recorded.  As someone who owns everything by both Blackmore's bands and Steve Morse, I can tell you that the guitar is the sweetest, cleanest playing you may ever hear.  It's a classic song that should get more attention.  And to repeat, the final guitar solo is beyond words.  (Aviator and Loosen My Strings are excellent songs, too, which also show off Morse's playing.)
B00004XOWM|1.0|Well, after their promising &quot;Significant Other&quot; release, you can officially categorize Limp Bizkit as musical trash.  The songs all sound the same.  The profanity is there because Fred thinks it makes him respectable.  Guess what?  It proves all the more that he is a immature whiner.  His rage is cliched and the music behind it is loud and obnoxious.  I think the best part of the album is when he tries to make fun of Nine Inch Nails.  I guess Fred figured he was SOOOO far behind Trent Reznor, musically and lyrically that he had to fight back with petty insults.  So if you're a 15 year old guy out there looking to get a rage-filled record that will make you &quot;cool&quot; or whatever, do yourself a favor and buy &quot;Rage Against the Machine&quot; and &quot;The Downward Spiral&quot; or &quot;Broken&quot; by NIN.  Stay away from this if you can.
B00003CXDG|5.0|This movie is a prime example of summer box office fun.  It thrills the viewer and thats all it intends to do.  The action sequences were devised well before the script was written.  So what you seeing is an experiment in filmaking.  <br />After the action sequences were done, the scripted aspects of dialouge and plot were inserted basically.<br />Its an explosive, fun movie with beautiful visual imaging that makes the mind reel with excitement.<br />A deffinate must have crafted by men who love to please.  Tom Cruise, John Woo and especially Robert Town deserve a tip of the hat with this one...its a pleaser.
B00004Z459|5.0|I bought this CD thinking that there were going to be tracks like &quot;One Step Closer&quot;.  I was worng, but not at all dissapointed!  The hard hitting blend of rock and rap that seems to be the trend today really shine through in this album. Linkin Park also added an element of techno into many of their debut songs, which I thought really heightened the quality of the music and the CD overall.  This combination really hasn't been seen in the music industry yet, and I think that it could be the next big thing.  Go out and pick up this awesome CD, you won't regret it.
B00004YW6I|4.0|pj harvey has consistently changed musical styles with every album, and her newest is no exception. STORIES brings pj's realism and gritty rock into a melodic and cosmopolitan scene. Standout tracks include: &quot;Big Exit&quot;, &quot;The Whores Hustle and The Hustlers Whore&quot;, &quot;This Mess Were In&quot; and &quot;This Is Love&quot;. STORIES is an exceptional album from an exceptional artist, although not her best work to date. Newcomers to PJ Harvey should check out TO BRING YOU MY LOVE, arguably her most well crafted and artistic effort yet. Still STORIES offers PJ fans a rocking good time, with PJ's voice bursting with energy surrounded by sonics not seen on her last album IS THIS DESIRE. Altogether STORIES is more lighthearted and less dramatic than her past works and gives us a glimpse into PJ Harvey's more understated emotions of happiness and love. <br />a very good album.
B00004YW6I|4.0|Finally, something wonderful is released on this cop ridden planet. PJ Harvey is back and loud again.  Even though I suspect it's not going to be as good as Is this Desire? I can already tell I love it.  Not a bad song on it. Buy it and start waiting for that new Tool record.
6304080921|5.0|This is the best movie i have seen in my entire life i give it 5/5 stars every body MUST see it! It was not a box office hit because the majority of the people who saw it are to dumb to understand this master piece of a movie!
B00004YW6I|5.0|PJ Harvey has finally found some joy -- this is her most optimistic record ever.  Like all of her CDs it takes a few listens to really sink in but she starts off the album with a couple of the strongest songs she's ever written. I've only had this record a few days so I need a bit more time to proclaim it a work of genius, but it certainly more accessible than &quot;Is This Desire?&quot;, although but not quite as powerful as &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot;. What I can say is that this record should not disappoint old PJ fans, and it might even help her find new ones.
0399146253|1.0|From the first chapter on, I felt cheated. I kept saying (out loud to whoever would listen), &quot;This is not the Kay Scarpetta we know and love!&quot; The book comes off as a very bad sequel, and the ending is an obvious lead-in to the next sequel. I didn't like the book at all, and really only finished it in the hopes that sooner or later it'd get better. It didn't!
B00004XONN|4.0|This is a pretentious and self indulgent piece of electronica which sounds like it was synthesised by sophisticated software.<br />However, some of it actually quite listenable if you make it through the (deliberately?) oblique first few tracks.<br />The whole album may be a joke. If so, it's one of those jokes you don't understand but laugh at anyway.<br />I miss the beautiful guitars and the discernable/paranoid vocals and all the alternative pop sensitivities, but admire such audacity and enjoy seeing a CD this far off-centre commanding such large merchandising presence.<br />By the way, I like it.<br />Keep us guessing guys!
6304233639|2.0|I just watched this for the first time since its theatrical release in 96, and I must say I enjoyed it much more than I did back then.  But there are still more reasons NOT to like this movie than to like it.  First, the special efects are not as great as originally touted.  Alot of the explosions, fires, etc. look really fake.  Ironically, the alien ships look more realistic than alot of the earth bound stuff!  The worst thing about this movie is the horrific dialog...the characters are portrayed as very shallow and mostly speak in cliches and one-liners, and humorous lines are thrown in at the absolute worst times (like the &quot;fat lady&quot; lines when they are trying to escape the alien ship.)  This movie is incredibly frustrating to watch; as on one  hand the portrayal of mankind putting aside differences to work together is top notch, and the movie suggests that the world does have the potential to work together as one.  On the other hand, there is the horrible, cheesy dialog (eg- &quot;I'm a fighter pilot, I belong in the air&quot;)  I also think this movie is a tinge racist (and sexist)- the portrayal of the African-American female as a stripper was completely demeaning and idiotic.  And there's actually a line where this character CONDONES this sort of job, she says &quot;It's good money and besides, my baby's worth it.&quot; And who says Hollywood isnt responsible for moral decline in society!   This is a really demeaning portrayal of minority women.  The rest of the film is just as racist, if you look (and it's fairly obvious, you wont have to look hard).  Another thought along this line is this; the film portrays the rest of the world as helpless and thoughtless against the aliens, only the Americans are able to plan anything.  (Well, American MEN, anyway.  The writers obviously felt that women couldnt contribute anything or be more than strippers or in the employment of men.)  Everyone else just hangs out in the desert waiting for the Americans to doeverything.  I could go on, but you get the idea.  One only wonders what this film would have been in the hands of someone like James Cameron, or maybe even Spielberg.  This movie is a big budget amateur film that could have been SO much more than it was.  It's &quot;Plan 9 From Outer Space&quot; with better actors and a bigger budget.
B00004XONN|4.0|This is a pretentious and self indulgent piece of electronica which sounds like it was synthesised by sophisticated software.<br />However, some of it actually quite listenable if you make it through the (deliberately?) oblique first few tracks.<br />The whole album may be a joke. If so, it's one of those jokes you don't understand but laugh at anyway.<br />I miss the beautiful guitars and the discernable/paranoid vocals and all the alternative pop sensitivities, but admire such audacity and enjoy seeing a CD this far off-centre commanding such large merchandising presence.<br />By the way, I like it.<br />Keep us guessing guys!
B000000WA2|2.0|As a band Blur are inherently dislikable, from their upper class pretentiousness to their refusal to stick to a style (they don't progress, they take 180% about turns), the amount of unlistenable artiness on 13, but above all for the 'Mockney' angle which tarnishes this album. Country House only beat Roll With It to number 1 because that was probably the worst song on Morning Glory and because Blur released lots of different formats full of the usual filler. In those days 1 CD by Oasis could outsell 2 by almost anyone else, even though thousands of copies of Roll With It were printed without a barcode, so actual sales may have made it the real number 1. This album truly ... Apart from the vaguely amusing (for 3 listens) Ernold Same, the distinctive and lively opener Stereotypes and the mournful The Universal, everything is a retread of the Kinks, which the likes of Dodgy did better anyway. The Blur album everyone who isn't an obsessive fan hates now.
0553106635|5.0|What can I say about a series that is so shockingly real that major characters can and do die? How human each character is the story seems?<br />George R.R. Martin has written a supreb heoric fantasy that seems so real to be unfantastic.  The insights into each character shows how good and bad is in the eyes of the person doing the looking.<br />This book will routinely surprise you, sometimes with unexpected results. A word of caution in reading this series would seem to be not to get too attached to anyone. <br />Mr. Martin writes a gripping and compelling tale that will leave you speechless at times, cheering for your favorites and cursing your villians. And when you thought it couldn't be any more convoluted, he will throw in a few shocking revelations.<br />If you are looking for an adult minded, well-written, gripping story that has all the aspects of heroic fantasy with a healthy dose of reality, pick up this book and the first two in the series. You will not be disappointed.
B00004U9MS|1.0|I can't believe the hype this clone of where Radiohead WERE is getting. This type of thing is clogging the UK 'alternative' scene with its tame and unemotional whines and passionless vocals, and is probably the main reason most kids listen to Steps or Craig David over here now, at least those styles have some life to them. Muse, JJ72 and Coldplay all pale next to true classics by the likes of Nick Drake, and Radiohead themselves. This is so overblown its unlistenable,a nd has nothing at its heart.
B000001Y42|1.0|Ah, let me see. This album ranks up there with root canals and drowning in human excretion. If I hear Fred frickin Durst's name on the radio one more time I'm going to start a cult and insight a mass suicide. Limp Bizkit, the quintessential &quot;total request live&quot; rock band, gained much of it's popularity through this album. Mainly from the inane single &quot;Nookie&quot;.  And if &quot;Nookie&quot; and Limp Bizkit are the future of rock I fear for the nations youth. In other words &quot;you can take this album and stick up your a**, stick it up your a**, stick it up your....&quot;
B000000OQF|5.0|I'm seventeen years old, and my introduction to Guns n' Roses was the video for &quot;Welcome to the Jungle&quot;. I remember it perfectly. My parents were fighting in their bedroom, and we had just gotten cable, and I was sitting in the TV room drinking a Pepsi when I saw the video. That same day, I made my dad rush out to the record store and buy me the &quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot; tape. I had it worn out in a week. <br />This is probably my favorite album of all time. My favorite song remains &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine, after eleven years, and close seconds include &quot;Rocket Queen&quot;, &quot;Paradise City&quot;, &quot;Mr. Brownstone&quot;, &quot;My Michelle&quot;, and the severely underrated &quot;Think About You&quot;. This album- plus &quot;Lies&quot; and the Illusion albums- got me through my parents' divorce. I have seen them in concert eight times, all before I turned eleven. <br />Guns is obviously the best hair band to come out of the eighties besides Metallica (and they've weakened since then) and in my opinion, this is the best album to come out of the decade. Slash is an absolutely amazing guitarist, inspiring myself (and I'm sure many others) to pick up the instrument. Axl's vocals are both chilling and haunting- those who don't believe me, listen to &quot;Knockin' On Heaven's Door&quot; and you'll see what I'm talking about. <br />Well, I may be what Spin calls a Super Fan, and my friends may tease me mercilessly, and be waiting impatiently for &quot;Chinese Democracy&quot;, but it's because Guns is obviously one of the most talented bands to come from the last quarter of the twentieth century. Ever since the Gunners left the stage in '93, everyone here must admit that the music scene went downhill from there. <br />And after all these years, an '89 poster of a shirtless Axl Rose is the one thing that gets me up in the morning.
B00004Y2QT|3.0|well i was 1 of the few lucky 1nes 2 attend this event, that cold minnesota night...the live show was amazing,with lenny kravitz,clinton and many stars n celebs in attendance that night...but i thought the video failed 2 bring out the excitment i had that night,along with the crowd and energy of the performance...it was a great video, dont get me wrong!!! but its just missing something... along with that, the songs and performances range from mouthdropping 2 dull,kravitz n prince was a dream come true to see this playing on stage 2gether, and the time was a cool flashback...overall this video is worth buying if u are a huge prince fan, but 4 some of the lucky 1nes who attended that night, its a tease.... just buy it peace morpheus
B000000OSG|4.0|While not as wonderful as &quot;Appetite&quot; was, &quot;Use Your Illusion II&quot; serves as an excellent album on its own. I'm partial to the first of the two, but songs like &quot;Estranged&quot; and &quot;So Fine&quot; make this album what it is: an okay compilation by an excellent band that could've done better. <br />I've always thought that the two Illusion tapes should have been sold together in a boxed set. Instead we are left with forgettable tracks like &quot;My World&quot; and &quot;Locomotive&quot;. Strangely enough, I like the alternate version of &quot;Don't Cry&quot; better than its original. The lyrics &quot;I was the one who's washing... blood off your hands&quot; will stick in my head forever. <br />&quot;Illusion II&quot; isn't entirely passable, though. &quot;Estranged&quot;, the lingering-on-ten-minute track, is worth buying the CD alone, as is the band's cover of &quot;Knockin' On Heaven's Door&quot;. (Even though I'm the only one who seems to think this.) <br />If you're new to Guns n' Roses, pass this one over until you've become familiar with &quot;Appetite&quot;. Then listening to it won't be as much of a shock.
0140074317|5.0|I remember seeing the Neverending Story when I was 6, and it became one of those films I watched again and again.  It wasn't until I was in College that I found a copy of the original Michael Ende story.  I was amazed!  It was incredible to find how Ende had crafted the world of &quot;Fantastica&quot; (In the film, it is called &quot;Fantasia&quot;).  The story begins with Bastian Balthazar Bux, a 10-year old boy who is bullied at school for being somewhat overweight, and for his vivid imagination.  One day, he stumbles into Mr. Coreander's Book Store, where he finds the book &quot;The NeverEnding Story.&quot;  Bastian takes the book without Coreander seeing him, and runs with it to his school's attic, where he proceeds to read it.  In the pages of the book, he learns that Fantastica's ruler, The Childlike Empress, has fallen ill.  Even moreso, the land is being swallowed up by a blackness that can only be described as &quot;Nothing.&quot;  The Empress sends a messenger to find Atreyu, a young warrior who she deems worthy to help her.  Given the Auryn (the symbol of a servant for the Empress), Atreyu begins his quest that takes him to the Southern Oracle, to the clutches of the hideous Ygremal, and more.  Pretty soon, Bastian finds that the story is so engrossing, that at certain points, he seems to be becoming intertwined into it!  There is so much more to tell, but I recommend this book!  If you like books such as the &quot;Harry Potter&quot; series, with it's inventive cast of creatures, people and lands, &quot;The NeverEnding Story&quot; should feel right at home with you.  There are such creatures as Rock-Eaters, Tinys, Luckdragons, and many too numerous to list.  By the time you finish reading it, you'll want to read it again.
B000005IRG|5.0|To start with, the band had a unique vision.  Tom Verlaine's poetic, etherial approach to rock songs was something that has been much imitated since, but hadn't been done yet at the time.<br />Next, the band had instrumental firepower of the highest order, and had been playing these songs for 2 - 3 years each before recording them.  They had worked out the most brilliant possible arrangements and leads, and played this material to death in the studio.<br />Finally, they got a good recording (haven't heard the CD yet, not sure if the matering is as flat as another reviewer here claims) of what they were doing, and ended up with one of the more impressive rock albums ever made, and underheard cult classic that demands your attention.  An unbelievably good record.
B00004ZB9D|4.0|Quite possibly the single sexiest popular male singer around today, Lenny (we're on a first name basis) puts together all his best songs into one, easy-to-use CD.  What a great idea!  Now we have everything from the 1980's hit &quot;It Ain't Over 'Till it's Over&quot; to the brand-spankin'-new &quot;Again.&quot;  Not a surprise, but it's pretty good.  (three slices of toast)
0811826848|5.0|I would have happily paid twice the asking price. Some are disappointed that there are no new revelations about the Beatles, but I wasn't expecting any. It's a handsome, comprehensive chronicle, told by the greatest band of all time. You will not be disappointed.
0808508741|5.0|The short works contained in this book provide a variety helping of Tolkien's lesser known writings.  They range from lighthearted fun (Farmer Giles of Ham) to his scholarly essay, On Fairy Stories, which provides the best written, best reasoned, justification for the genre of the fairy story ever presented in an academic setting.  Read the short story &quot;Leaf by Niggle&quot;, then the essay.  Then read &quot;Leaf by Niggle&quot; again.  You will, perhaps, understand a bit of what I'm trying to convey.<br />A delightful collection, well worth the read.
6305751706|1.0|But I'll try. Inspired by an English literature class which had steered me through the pages of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, I couldn't help but be tempted to pick up a scary movie about the night that she began to write it.  I should have resisted temptation. This movie was overblown to a fault.  I have a degree in theatre and a degree in psychology.  One would hope that they would enable me to sort out the literary symbolism and psychological mish-mash that populated this film.  They didn't.   The plot of the movie was actually a sparse skeleton on which the director attempted to hang every cliche that can be created about the world of Romantic literature.  The cast was fully packed with whining, egotistical self-innebriates.  I hope that the real people were not so annoying as their pretenders were.  Lord Byron (as portrayed in full hystrionic glory by Gabriel Byrne) makes (usually succesful) sexual advances on every other individual in the house; his wife Clara was as nutty as a fruitcake, finally ending up crawling in the mud with rats; his &quot;friend&quot; (no one treats him very well)the doctor tries to bleed himself dry by piercing his hands with a broken crucifix; Percy Bysshe Shelley sees &quot;something&quot; in the barn which drives him to the brink of sanity, and his wife Mary is inexplicably terrified of something that is never fully clarified. I try to always find something positive in a film.  Unfortunately in this case, the most positive thing that can be said about this trainwreck of a film is that the cinematography was appropriately moody--even if that meant that you could rarely see what was going on. Perhaps that was for the best.  If the sound had made it difficult to hear the dialogue, we would have had a much better movie.
B00004X01U|5.0|The first time listen is spent entirely on taking it all in... then it just becomes absolutely incredible... &amp; the more I listen to it &amp; hear the intricacies of the music, I like it more &amp; more... Give this cd a chance. IT'S WELL WORTH IT.
B00004YW6I|5.0|Brilliant compositions. Polly Jean Harvey has a magnificent voice with an unbelievable emotional power. I've seldom enjoyed a record so much.
B000000OSO|4.0|Three songs in this album doesn't look too promising. Good by most bands' standards, average by Aerosmith's, despite their distinctive bubbling groove and the biting satire of 'Eat The Rich'. Get A Grip, lads!  The situation is remedied by 'Living On The Edge', that was seen by some as a strange single choice, but was in fact a well conceived, serious song, given a subtle slant by unorthodox vocals and some searing, dynamic guitar work by messers Tyler and Perry. It wouldn't be the 'Smiths if a fair proportion of their songs weren't about sex, and, true to form, the likes of the sinewy 'Flesh', 'Shut Up Dance', and especially the Eastern tinged 'Gotta Love It', which comes on like the Beatles with a *******, do wet the appetite. There are a few ballads here such as 'Crazy', co-written with Desmond Child, a syrupy, cliched 50s thing with rock trimmings. But it's the sweeping soul-wringing climax of 'Amazing' that gets the tear ducts flowing. 'Get A Grip', though lacking the sparkle and character of 'Pump', kept their star burning brightly.
0679879269|5.0|As one of the adult readers of this &quot;young adult&quot; book, I'd suggest that you're no less likely to like this at 31 than at 11.  An involving, creative ride and a fitting conclusion to the trilogy.<br />A word of caution: Pullman writes the whole series with a semi-aetheistic point of view that is crucial to the story: If you want stories with a point of view that doesn't violate Christian belief, this isn't your book.  His point of view is clearly not Christian, although neither is it diabolical, as I was afraid he was starting to get with Subtle Knife.<br />Intricate plot line, intriguing and detailed characters and settings, and good pacing.  Highly recommended, but read the first two first or you may find yourself very confused (besides, why miss the fun of reading the whole batch?).  Worth the wait, and one of the best books I've read this year.
B0000028PL|4.0|Metallica and Alice in Chains apart, Living Colour are about as heavy as I like it. These black American dudes groove on like George Clinton with a metallic core and the attitude of the non-conformist. The best moments are the melodic muscle of 'Leave It Alone', the playful swing of 'Bi', which makes a serious point on the subject of people who like it both ways, or the ghostly 'Nothingness' described by one reviewer as Terence Trent Darby sings Genesis, but don't let that put you off. Elsewhere there's the restless urgency of 'Never Satisfied'. And if your head's at weirdsville, try the warped urban techno of 'WTFF' or the surreal sample heavy 'Hemp'. 'Stain' is more intriguing than gut feeling enjoyable. So, it's flawed, but that fits in with the band's philosophy - people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
B00004YW6I|5.0|after listening to the new pj harvey record, i can understand the notion of less is more.  pj harveys records have always struck as being extremely honest and very modern.  now when i say modern, i don't mean crazy electronic beats and such.  instead, harvey knows the exact amount of this or that to put in her music, making a perfect blend of color and spirit. a joy to listen to.
B00004YZT5|3.0|'Native Tongue' was a progression of sorts, with new guitarist Richie Kotzen contributing a welcome thrust of gritty dynamics to their sound. In addition, Poison took on board quite a smattering of rootsy genres like gospel and country; end result being a kind of cross between a flashy Lynyrd Skynyrd and Bon Jovi. They sound uncomfortably like the latter on 'Stand' with its all-embracing, anthemic sway. Granted there are no real turkeys here, in fact the psychedelic tinged 'Bring It Home', the genuinely emotive 'Theater of the Soul' or the addictive hook of 'Blind Faith', merit more than just a casual listen. But, on the whole, Poison remained just too hackneyed and derivative. If they had a soul, they didn't show enough of it here.
B00004ZD69|3.0|One of the most eagerly anticipated albums of the year is also one of the most lengthy.  Compared with previous offerings, this is Godspeed's magnum opus, and their ability to keep the listener focused over almost ninety minutes suffers at the hands of their ambitions.  Less substantial ambient meanderings are stretched beyond their limited potential and the band's rockish crescendos have become more predictable and overtly grandiose, something at odds with their original manifesto to champion the cause of the marginalised and downtrodden.  This album does have a few moments of breathtaking beauty, but they are rendered less effective by the project's bulk and inconsistency.
B0000028M7|4.0|'Dirt' is a wigged out eruption of riff heavy psychedelia that is fleetingly reminiscent of a more ... off Kings X, focused through the pained, brooding vocals of Layne Staley. While this approach gels effectively on songs like 'Rain When I Die', the downside is that 'Dirt' also lapses into hazy blurred trips as in 'Dam That River', or builds dense, claustrophobic walls of sound a la 'God Smack'. Where they're more convincing is when they allow for a little sweetness and light to counterpoint the aggression and meandering introspection. The finest examples of this are 'Down In A Hole', which fuses lilting 60s-influenced harmonies with a raging melody, and the almost anthemic 'Would?' Haunted by the ghosts of the 60s and fuelled by 90s angst, 'Dirt' is far from knockout, but it still packs a powerful punch.
0780020685|5.0|After many years of only seeing this timeless work on VHS tape, to finally have and to own &quot; The Seven Samurai &quot; on DVD presented in 1:33:1 format, presented by the reknowned Criterion Collection...it is indeed a true pleasure for this film fan. Plus the bonus of the additional audio commentary by the Japanese film historian, Michael Jeck, provides a much deeper insight into the history of the production, it's messages and themes, Akira Kurosawa's directorial style, and the attitudes of Japanese film making in the early 1950's.<br />From the very first time I watched this film I was spellbound by it's power and glory....Kurosawa painstakingly assembled a team of actors with wonderful synergy and expression that are at the core of this unforgettable tale of hopes &amp; dreams, death &amp; revenge and honor &amp; trust. Kurosawa's explosive and dynamic battle sequences, some filmed in driving rain, are equally balanced within the films context by the sadness and emotion of the heartfelt scenes, such as where Kikuchiyo (Toshiro Mifune) reveals his upbringings to the rest of the Samurai.<br />This moving, provacative and challenging film is an epic that still stands head and shoulders over many others nearly 50 years after it's initial release...and a film that you can watch time and time again, and uncover another gem within it's rich tapestry upon each repeated viewing. I've shown this movie to many friends who were either not interested in older black and white productions...or not keen on subtitled movies...and they have all enjoyed it and remarked how they never knew that they could relish a 50 year old movie so much !!<br />This film truly belongs in any persons movie collection who considers themselves a true afficiando of cinema...an experience in emotion, energy and vision that will not be forgotten by those who view this wonderful work.
B00001SIES|5.0|Smashing. I bought this cd and a ticket to their Sydney concert after hearing the songs &quot;Sunburn&quot; and &quot;Uno&quot; once each. They are now indisputably one of my absolute favourite bands. I've been hunting for imported singles just to have the b-sides. It's great to see music with a soul finally get some play. They're NOT just a Radiohead wannabe, though some songs have a very &quot;The Bends&quot; feel and Matt does do some &quot;OK Computer&quot;-esque wailing with both guitar and voice, but to great effect! Mind-blowingly diverse with a passion that has been lacking in music for years.<br />If this doesn't convince you, what if I told you that they're all really cute? (Especially Matt- hope you read this!)
B00004XONN|5.0|Whenever I witness a discussion like this, I feel like I'm watching a train fly by at about 75 mph- knowing there's nothing I can do to stop it; knowing I have no real hope of diverting it in the least.  Simple absurdity.  What we have here is an album of rich, controlled experimentation.  Radiohead have come to their limits as a guitar band and wanted to push their envelope.  Who is right to expect an album with as consistent a feel as &quot;OK Computer&quot; or &quot;The Bends&quot; when the whole nature of the album is, as a theme, being inconsistent?  I think the bulk of negative criticism here is being fired at the lack of cohesiveness... simply because that intangible thread that seems omnipresent in their past albums isn't as strong here.  I don't listen to this album as much as their past two efforts- I'll admit that.  But there isn't a single song on this album that I consider weak.  EVERY TRACK pushes what Radiohead is and what Radiohead can do.  Personally, I don't think Kid A can be fully evaluated until future Radiohead material arrives.  Then we will see how these expeditions into experimentation affect Radiohead's traditional sound and feel.  But to call Radiohead anything but admirable for trying to heighten their already stratospheric powers?  Simple absurdity.
0312199066|5.0|I loved the book so much that I read it twice.  It kept me reading until I was done.  It was not filled with NASA jargon that a layman couldn't understand, but I understood what he was saying and it gave me a higher respect for the dangers that they went through.
0385484518|5.0|Morrie was a GREAT book to read as it gave details about death and dying. It was about a college professor who had ALS diease and one of his past students has reconnected with him and they meet every Tuesdays and talk about different views about life.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I wasn't prepared for how deeply and profoundly I was affected by Magnolia.  Much like PT Anderson's Boogie Nights I found myself not wanting to look away and possibly missing what comes next.  Though the event that leads up to the film's resolution is something on the level of mythology, I couldn't help but to be drawn into the lives of the ensemble cast.      From top to bottom Magnolia is one of the best most powerful movies of the past few year's
B000002WYT|5.0|Alright, here's the deal. I am a hardcore DMB fan, and i found this CD in the rear of my CD case today, so I decided to throw it on for kicks. Wow, I was impressed with 41, and Tripping Billies, but I know way too much about the Band to find this CD worth purchasing. If you want real amazing DMB stuff, go the Bootleg route. Thats all I really listen to, is the Live Concerts I have on CD. Songs you have to hear if your a Dave fan are... 41, Angel From Montgomery, Two Step, Dreaming Tree, Dave's rendition of Redemption Song and Stir it Up (Bob Marley Originals). If you like Dave , buy this CD. If you LOVE Dave, don't. Your better of listening to Red Rocks, Listener Supported, or any of my bootlegs.Band Date Venue City Number of CD's Comment on Show DMB July 8th, 1992 Floodzone Char'ville, VA 2 Good early show Dave (Solo) Sept 11th, 1992 DKE Frat-house @ UVA Charlottesville, VA 1 Rare CD of Dave Solo-  DMB  Feb 2nd, 1993 TRAX Charlottesville, VA 3 Features 2 of his friends, Ali and Peter DMB Feb 24th, 1995 Roseland Ballroom New York City 2 Features Trey of Phish and Popper of Blues Traveler DMB August 15th, 1995 Red Rocks Ampitheater Morrison, Colorado 2 Special Guest Tim Reynolds Dave and Tim February 6th, 1996 Luther College Luther, Indiana 2 Great Acoustic Performance Dave and Tim February 19th, 1996 Whitmore Center Arena University of New Hamshire 2 Similar to Luther, longer concert DMB July 24th, 1998 Sony Blockbuster Pavilion Camden, New Jersey 2 Great Show from Jeewyseyy DMB August 4th, 1998 Starlake Ampitheater Burgettstown, PA (Pittsburgh) 3 Encore = Stir It Up into Wthtower DMB August 9th, 1998 Deer Creek  Music Center Indianapolis, IN 1 Only Set One DMB August 20th, 1998 Lakewood Ampitheather Atlanta, GA 2 Amazing Setlist  w/ Herbie Hancock and Tim DMB November 21st, 1998 The Crown Cincinatti, OH 3 Best version of 41. 40 mn. Long DMB December 5th, 1998 Pepsi Arena Albany, NY 2 With Bela Fleck and T. Reynolds DMB December 19th, 1998 United Air Arena Chicago,Illinois 2 With Tim Reynolds Dave and Tim March 14th, 1999 Marin Civic Center San Rafael, California 3 With Bob Weir and C. Santana Dave and Tim March 24th, 1999 VH1 Storytellers VH1 Storytellers 3 Lots of Stories, good acoustic DMB May 1st, 1999 Tampa Ice Palace Tampa, Florida 3 Good Show from 99 DMB May 22nd, 1999 Veterans Stadium Philly, PA 2 Good Stadium Show DMB May 29th, 1999 Foxboro Stadium Boston, Mass 2 Santana jams with them this concert DMB June 26th, 1999 Alpine Valley Theatre East Troy, Wisconsin 2 Good Show, missing AFM DMB July 24th, 1999 Woodstock Rome, NY 1 41, 2Step, Ants, Watchtower DMB August 1st, 1999 Nissan Pavilion Bristow, VA 3 With Butch Taylor DMB September 1st, 1999 Continental Air Arena East Rutherford, NJ 2 AKA \\"Listener Supported\\" DMB June 19th, 2000 Polaris Ampitheather Columbus, OH 2 Good Setlist, lots of new stuff DMB June 26th, 2000 Riverbend Music Center Cincinatti, OH 3 Good Setlist again, new stuff DMB July 3rd, 2000 Three Rivers Stadium Pittsburgh, PA 2 Amazing Show-encore = 2 step DMB July 15th, 2000 Veterans Stadium Philly, PA 2 Good Show, nothing special DMB July 21st, 2000 Ralph Wilson Stadium Buffalo, NY 2 Good Show, that's really it DMB No Date No Venue No City 1 All new Songs \\"Summer 2000\\" EMAIL ME IF INTERESTED
B00004U30D|5.0|I bought the awards edition of American Beauty, which contains one tape with the movie itself and a second tape that shows a 20 minute &quot;Making of A.B&quot; show with interviews with the director, producer and cast and then a one hour show where director Sam Mendes goes through storyboards about the making of the film, also bringing in his cinematographer for commentary.<br />I really can't add much to the reviews of the many people who liked this movie.  This movie is great because people can relate to Lester and Carolyn and their feelings.  I definitely can see myself writing a similar &quot;how I contribute&quot; letter to my company that Lester did.  My wife could definitely see herself as getting obsessed over material things and how things look like Carolyn does.  So it really is an eye opener in that respect.  There were some things that I just didn't get (the video of the bag in the wind, Ricky's catatonic mother), but the performances of Kevin Spacey and Annette Benning more than overshadow these flaws.<br />I will say that if you can get through the bonus second tape, you'll probably only do it once.  The &quot;Making of&quot; show was OK but nothing special, but I could only tolerate about 10 minutes of Sam Mendes' commentary on the story boards.  If you are a budding moviemaker, you may want to watch it, but if you could care less to hear for five minutes why he chose to show a wide shot of Lester's office before he actually showed Lester at his desk early in the movie, I'd stop, hit the rewind button and put it back in its box forever.  I would have preferred to see some deleted footage instead (even if it only was 10 minutes worth).
B00004XONN|5.0|I didn't even like it that much at first. Now it's all we listen to at the office, in the car, at home. The vocals are submerged most of the time but when they finally cut through on Idioteque and Morning Bell the payoff is really pretty moving. I wish I could stop listening to it.
0201633612|3.0|I was really surprised that the book didn't even has a mention of java.It makes a difference to study OOP design with C++ and java.Since inheritence is more stressed in C++ and Contracts in java.So I couldn't really view the patterns in contracts(java) point of view and the book should have mentioned more on polymorphism in patterns.Here are some books I felt really nice about 1)Java Design --PeterCoad 2)Taming Java Thread --Alen I Holub
0679879269|4.0|After staying up into the wee hours to finish the amber spyglass,  I was compelled to go back to the first two books and read the trilogy from beginning to end, in order to get a better sense of the whole.  I had waited for this concluding book since I finished The Subtle Knife 2 years ago and was hungry for the final pieces of the puzzle to fall into place. In this respect the book is satisfying, compelling, dizzying. But sadly it becomes fuzzy at the end and you realise that Pullman has in some ways been running out of gas from about half way through the Subtle Knife and by the end of TAS he poops out.<br />The storytelling arc of Northern Lights/Golden Compass is so exquisitely crafted. The first 2 thirds of the book builds relentlessly to Bolvanger, and before you can catch your breath we are presented with the Bears of Svalbard and Lyras great betrayal by her cold, selfserving father. (is it really possible to say that Mrs. Coulter is any worse a parent than Asriel?). I just dont know that it was possible for Pullman or any writer to maintain such momentum and quality.  The second and third books read so much more like serializations. with crises occuring and being resolved before there is much opportunity to build suspense. the knife breaks, the knife is repaired, did we ever doubt for a momnent that Lyra and Will would be reunited with their daemons?. <br />For those of you, like me, who have lived so intimately in our imaginations with Lyra, Will, Iorek and Company for the last few years, this book is irresistable and only partly disappointing, and has it stopped me from urging every sentient being I know to read the whole trilogy? not at all.....
B00000IBRX|1.0|I rented this movie at the insistence of my wife, who really enjoys the myriad talents of Robin Williams. Unfortunately, it was New Years Eve, and one prefers more uplifting fare, like watching the Marx Brothers' &quot;Horse Feathers&quot; for the hundredth time. After viewing this piece of tripe, even something starring Tom Green would have been preferable. (This is the only way I can really describe how bad this picture is!) Williams portrays a working-class hero who loses his children in a terrible traffic accident--along with himself. He journeys into an afterlife that changes like a fresh-painted canvas thrown into a New York street during a rainstorm. Williams' despondent wife sentences herself to the film's interpretation of hell by killing herself: a dark, empty house at the end of the world, apparently. His extra-worldly guide (played by Cuba Gooding, Jr.) tries to stop Williams from making the journey to reclaim his wife's soul, but Robin will not be deterred. My main problem with the film was primarily its dull pacing, but other factors were all too apparent. For instance, the script was way too earnest and simplistic; it trivializes the afterlife as just a big circus, a place where God is not evident. That, to me, is truly scary. I'm sure New Age aficianados will nod their heads in close-mouthed assent at the Daliesque view of the afterWorld, but it is just too secular and sanitized to be real. I will admit that the special effects are fantastic (which is the reason I gave it one star), but these special effects do not a great film make (witness &quot;Star Wars, Episode I&quot;). This was a real downer film, and its willy-nilly version of the world beyond this just cannot be rationalized. Avoid at all costs.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|I thought that the song Crash and Burn had alot of meaning and strength in it.  It really lifts one up when they are down.  It made me feel enlightened when I first heard it.  I was going through a real tough time in my life and this song really helped me get through it.  Whenever I need to relax I play this cd.  It makes me feel good on the inside. I really recommend this CD to anyone who needs their spirit lifted.  All the songs are great and they all hold some deeper meaning.
6305470464|5.0|This is truly one of the most enjoyable movies I have ever seen. The way in which all the story lines come together in a subtle yet sensical manner, the characters, the humor and the music, especially the music, are what make this film a true delight to watch.  Not only is it beautiful, both the characters and the backdrops, but it's the type of movie where you don't wince when someone says something cheesy.  Everything just seems to work, everyone works well with each other.  Angelina Jolie, for all her weirdness and brotherly love, is truly one of the best actresses I've seen in a long time.  I switched between wanting to be her (to feeling) insanely jealous of her for the entire movie.   See this film, and buy the soundtrack.
B000023VR6|5.0|Every song on this cd is great. If  u r into rap at all get it! Its great! #'s 2,3,4,6,7,10,11,12,and 22 r the best trax!
B000002C2E|5.0|...when the voice of generation begins to age gracefully into the later years of his life. As it has already been mentioned many times by many reviewers, every song on the album paints pictures of a man who is grappling with the fragile human condition and the aging process. From the very first lines on the disc, Dylan sings &quot;I'm walking...&quot; and walking is what the listener does while listening to the music. Dylan is, once again, taking us on a trip through a man's journey as he examines his own mortality and his place in the world. When he sings, in &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot;, that &quot;behind every beautiful thing, there's been some kind of pain&quot;, you can feel the hurt in his voice. <br />I can't help but compare the opening lines of &quot;Love Sick&quot; (the aforementioned lyric about &quot;walking) to his early masterpiece &quot;Blowin' in the Wind.&quot; He has certainly come along way from being the idealistic, young folk singer of the 1960's. This a remarkable album, and it is proof positive of Dylan's genius. He is truely one of the greatest American musicians. He continues to move and inspire. One needs only to listen to this album, the moving song he contributed to the &quot;Wonder Boys&quot; soundtrack, and experiencing his live performances. He is a living legend. <br />In short, buy this album. It should rank right up at the top with &quot;Freewheeling...&quot;, &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot;, and &quot;Blood on the Tracks.&quot; This is disc is pure genius, poetry, and the blues. It's pure Dylan.
078401213X|5.0|I have to say i have never ever watched a movie and then watch it all over again straight afterwards......and i will watch it again and again. I love this movie - it has been a long time since i felt challanged by a film. Its a must.
B000050HTO|5.0|This is an excellent career retrospective of Mr. Dylan's music. I would highly recommend this CD to anyone looking to be slowly introduced to the man's genius. He is a living legend, in my humble opinion, and hearing the words and music from these two discs just reinforces the idea in my mind. The songs are arranged chronologically, so one gets a glimpse of how the man has reinvented himself and his music over the course of his career. From the simple folk guitar and harmonica and socially relevant lyrics of &quot;Blowing in the Wind&quot; to the blues-tinged introspective examination of the human condition (in the later years of his life) in &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; and &quot;Things Have Changed&quot;, one journeys along with Dylan as he takes upon a trip through his 40+ year career.
B00004XMVL|5.0|Let's start by saying Vin Diesel steals the show. He was one of the best bad guys(?) in movie history. The alien effects are top notch as is the acting. This movie is funny,suspenseful and very interesting.If you are a fan of good sci-fi, ignore the bad reviews of this movie and give it a try. I promise,you will be entertained.
0062502182|4.0|I think the Alchemist book was great.It thought me alot off stuf  about life. And I think the good thing about it is that he traveled too so many places.And in every place he learned something new. He had his goods and bad moments during his search  for his treasure. Tis book change many of my decisions in life.
B000002H97|5.0|I listen to lots of the rock genre these days, and i have to say that this is my #3 favorite album all time, followed by NIN's &quot;The Fragile,&quot; and Lit's &quot;A Place In the Sun,&quot; this is one of the best albums out. <br />It doesn't get old, it's not the same 'ol overplayed artist who was once my favorite and then they weren't later, then i didn't even like their stuff anymore. BUT It's SOMETHING THOUGH. <br />It's edgy, powerful, isn't the crap that's unoriginal, like some other bands i hear, and most of all, it is definitely at it's peak in potential, all 13 songs are great!!!?!!!
B000002J1S|5.0|While I don't subscribe to some Genesis fans' opinion that &quot;The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway&quot; is the band's &quot;last good album,&quot; I DO agree that &quot;The Lamb&quot; is a towering work, and not only a classic Genesis album, but a classic album in rock, period. It's the band's grandest work, their only concept album, and, of course, their final studio album with Peter Gabriel. &quot;The Lamb&quot; closes a very major chapter in the career of this great band, and it does so brilliantly.The album's bizarre story has been interpreted in SO many ways, and here's another interpretation for you all to ponder: the album to ME is about a Puerto Rican kid named Rael, living in New York City and is somewhat reckless in nature. One foggy evening, he is killed in an auto accident while crossing the street, and he then spends the rest of the album in a bizarre &quot;afterlife purgatory,&quot; fighting to save his soul through a series of strange tests, put forth to him by the ones who run the place (even Death himself makes a cameo appearance). Happily, at the album's end, Rael *literally* saves himself in his final test at the rapids, and moves on to that Great New York City In The Sky....(if you happen to disagree with this interpretation, that's fine. But try listening to &quot;The Lamb&quot; one evening with this &quot;afterlife&quot; plot in mind...you may be surprised on how well it actually fits!).EVERYONE in Genesis truly shines on this album. In his final album with the band, singer Peter Gabriel exits the group on a brilliant high note. His passionate singing &amp; flute playing is supreme, and his lyrics for the album, while sometimes abstract, are quite fascinating (and so is HIS detailed version of the story on the inside of the CD booklet). &quot;The Lamb&quot; is arguably the best work genius-keyboardist Tony Banks has ever done with the band. His intricate playing here is SO rich and full of variety. The moods, sounds, spaces, and sound effects hecreates throughout the album are simply stunning. Banks truly is the Keyboard King Of Rock. Anyone who slags Phil Collins these days desperately needs to give his powerful drumming work on &quot;The Lamb&quot; a listen. Collins is first and foremost a *drummer*, and always has been. His explosive work behind the drumkit on this album speaks for itself. Mike Rutherford expertly keeps the bassline on &quot;The Lamb&quot; big and fat (just the way I like it!), while the one-and-only Steve Hackett delivers some incredible work on the guitar as only Steve Hackett can.After &quot;The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway,&quot; Peter Gabriel grew weary of the rock biz in general &amp; also grew weary of his increasingly hard life as the flamboyant frontman for Genesis, and he left the band. Genesis would carry on without Gabriel just fine, thank you very much (with Phil Collins as the new lead singer), and the band, in MY opinion, would carry on to make more brilliant albums (including the classics &quot;A Trick Of The Tail&quot; &amp; &quot;Wind &amp; Wuthering&quot;). But &quot;The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway&quot; forever stands as one of the group's greatest works. It's a stunning acheivement, and a masterwork of rock music. No matter what you think of Genesis today, there WAS a time when they gave bands like Pink Floyd and Yes a run for their money in the progressive rock sweepstakes. This album is the proof.
0062502182|4.0|The Alchemist is a beautiful story to reflect about changes in life and the challenges we take when making decisions on our personal life. The boy of the fable showed courage and never gave up in search for his Personal Legend.  We shoul do the same thing when we want to make our dresms come true and risk what we have to find our true happiness.
0790751305|4.0|I enjoy some aspects of this movie.  I especially enjoy the evident craft that Eastwood endowed it with.  I enjoy Richard Harris's performance very much.  I like the symbolism (ie: William Munny's dead wife's name was &quot;Feathers&quot; and she is definitely Munny's &quot;good angel&quot;), and I like the mystery of the ending...Mrs. Ansonia Feathers finds no more answers to her questions about her daughter's choice of man than the audience does.  We are left, with her, to ponder the nature on good and evil in human character.  I do not, however, agree that this is the best western ever made.  The movie that honor belongs to never appeared on the big screen and belongs to LONESOME DOVE.  Even if the object of the story is to present the American West in a coldly realistic fashion, richness in writing and characterization are not crimes as UNFORGIVEN seems to imply by the sterility of the writing.  LONESOME DOVE portrayed realistically the aspects of the American West, the cowboy, the gunfighter, prostitutes, etc; but filled the viewer with such empathy that it was a full, if bitter, experience as opposed to UNFORGIVEN'S unfortunate sense of emptiness and bewilderment.  I recommend UNFORGIVEN but not as highly as I would like to.
0451169514|5.0|Even though the plot of this story is completely fictional, I still liked this book (I usually like stuff that's a little more connected to reality). I think the two themes I liked most about this book were the fact that all kids were flawed in some way, yet together they've formed a pretty big force... The second theme relates to the fact that I hadn't finished reading the book in the correct order - the last part I read was the scene where all seven of the kids vow to return to fight It if necessary, and the fact that after that, they've never met all together, but rather in smaller groups. Maybe the fact that around that time they've all started to &quot;heal&quot; from their flaws had something to do with that...
6304510861|3.0|This film exudes suffocating tension and paranoia.  The main character appears to be trapped in a continuously repeating time loop and intuitively knows that he is going through the same freakish nightmare - involving the brutal slaying of his wife - over and over again.  He can't escape and the film's denoument doesn't definitively resolve the mystery.  No one other than David Lynch could have made this film.  The viewer's only escape from the tension is appalling, graphic violence.  Robert Blake's character will positively give you the 'willies'.  He appears as a mephistopheles to Bill Pullman's character and alternatively haunts and then somehow helps him.  Honestly, though, I'm not sure I'll ever understand what is going on in this film.  It's definitely worth a look or two, especially if you're a Lynch fan.
0446608955|1.0|I didn't laugh, I didn't cry - I found it totally predictable.  This is probably a great book for teenagers or young adults.  Those who haven't read much or are just starting to forge adult relationships might find meaningful.
0062502182|4.0|The Alchemist is a beautiful story to reflect about changes in life and the challenges we take when making decisions on our personal life. The boy of the fable showed courage and never gave up in search for his Personal Legend.  We shoul do the same thing when we want to make our dresms come true and risk what we have to find our true happiness.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is one of those rare movies that confronts controversial issues and questions society. Do we really need to be consumers to fill the void? Throughout the movie Edward Norton tries to find the activity that makes him feel truly alive. He goes through consumerism, support groups, bare knuckle fighting, and project mayhem before realizing he needs none of them. The darkness of the film and the soundtrack by the Dust Brothers makes for an unforgettable movie experience.
B000002H70|5.0|All you have to do is hear the beginning of Plainsong and you will be hooked into the beatiful echoing refrains from The Cure.  This music is somber and dark but carries an air of beauty that is unmatched.  There simply is something about the unique guitar sounds layered together and the beatuiful words of Robert Smith. <br />If you are interested in The Cure - this is their best album.
6305531412|5.0|this movie deserves more than 5 stars..i was laghing my head off when i saw it,it's more than funny,i realy realy loved it with all my heart
B0000009OU|5.0|I note there is some debate here about where the two most famous Elvises rank in the rock pantheon. One thing's for sure, only one of them was a songwriter.<br />Elvis Costello's 1977 debut album heralded the emergence of a major new talent, and helped save music from languishing in a sea of mediocrity.  With some honourable exceptions (Neil Young comes to mind), most of the readily accessible music (i.e. radio) around in the mid-70s was shocking, almost as bad as the clothes. I now realise that is the reason why we schoolkids all had to go back in time to find something we actually liked. Disco was anathema, to the boys anyway. The Sex Pistols were a revelation, but to we aspiring musicians they couldn't play to save their lives. The Pistols were historically important and fun, but as far as genuine talent goes just don't stack up. (And, as I heard someone admit recently, they scared us callow suburban kids to death!) When I heard 'Chelsea', I felt that here at last was something worth listening to.<br />And so it turned out. This, the follow-up to Costello's impressive debut, cemented his reputation as a first rate singer-songwriter, if that's the right term, and left his contemporaries, The Jam and perhaps The Clash apart, looking very sick. Like Paul Weller, Costello managed to fuse a punkish attitude with a pop sensibility, delivering a satisfying cocktail of great melodies and a hard edge. Curiously, in later years they both shelved that edge temporarily so as to indulge their passion for American-style crooning.   As with the debut, This Year's Model is chock full of powerful three-minute gems with great lyrics (&quot;sometimes I think that love is just a tumour/ you've got to cut it out&quot;) that stick in your head. The Attractions provide frenetic and fantastic backing (particularly on 'Lipstick Vogue') for Costello's clever, insightful, and uncannily infectious songs, and producer Nick Lowe transfers all the excitement to disc with aplomb.<br />British pop or new wave or punk or whatever you want to call it at its very best.
B00003CX59|3.0|I must say I watched this movie with very high expectations.  If you like Tim Burton films (I do), then you will enjoy this film as it possesses all the dark fairy tale qualities he has made famous.  At the same time, if you are devoted to Washington Irving's original story &quot;The Legend of Sleepy Hollow&quot; (as I am), then you will be disappointed.  Burton has taken the story of an elusive, mysterious, and terrifying country phantom and turned him into a terrifying but not very mysterious (at least not for very long) Jack the Ripper.  <br />In a rampage of murderous mayhem, the heads fall fast and furious--the gore is laid on a little more thickly than I had been led to believe it would, although, to Burton's credit, the gory scenes are presented with a surreal, almost amusing, quality.  Still, very little is left to the imagination, and it has been my experience that the imagination is a much better spine-tingler than the special effects industry (see the success of Blair Witch Project).  <br />Nevertheless, the picture is very well made.  Johnny Depp, Christina Ricci, and the rest of the well-chosen cast turn in outstanding performances (although the character development lags behind the pace of the movie).  The setting, the effects, and soundtrack are equally first class.  Still, I would have liked to have seen a movie more in keeping with the spirit of Irving's original tale.  Could his &quot;The Legend of Sleepy Hollow&quot; have been turned into a full-length motion picture?  Well, I think if anyone could have done it successfully, it would have been Tim Burton.  But he didn't do it here.
B0000041LL|5.0|I have listened to a number of performances of the Beethoven string quartets over the years, and I believe I can honestly say this one surpasses them all.  There's an effortlessness here which belies the ensemble's mastery.  It is as though the Quartetto Italiano had been born especially to play these works. There is a serenity here, an inevitability, which gives the listener the deepest kind of pleasure.  Highlights are the three Rasumovsky quartets, played with grace, nuance, and quiet power.
6304994540|3.0|The acting is terrific, and the film has some extremely funny moments. (Jon Goodman's turn is hysterical). Overall , though, the film individual moments are stronger than the movie overall.  The Coen's are emotionally distant filmmakers,  and their style works better in their &quot;serious&quot; films like  &quot;Fargo&quot; and &quot;Blood Simple&quot; and &quot;Millers Crossing&quot; {still their best, I believe} than in some of their comedy.  On the whole, I don't think the film sucesully competes with &quot;Raising Arizona&quot; in terms of sustaning absurdist lunacy for the course of the film. Its much much better than the Hudsucker Proxy.  Make no mistake, it is absolutely worth seeing, and probaly deserves more than one viewing.
6301404440|5.0|&quot;my whole purpose in life is to make people lllaugh&quot;,&quot;..we're supposed to be hiding what's wrong with you??..what's wrong with you?&quot;,&quot;yeah check the probate,why my uncle lenny had a problem with his probate &amp; had to take big pills &amp; drink lots of water ..not prostate you idiot probate&quot;,&quot;dear jessica, how do i love thee? let me count the ways one 1000 two 1000 three 1000 four 1000&quot;,&quot;..no wonder you hate me ..common i don't hate you.. you do hate me if a toon killed my brother i'd hate me..common i don't hate you.. tou do hate me ,you yank my ears all the time..look i'm sorry i yanked you ears.. all the time you yanked my ears?..all the time i yanked you ears..&quot; <br />I KNOW EVERY SINGLE LINE,THIS TELLS YOU HOW MUCH I LIKE IT
B00003CX7L|5.0|The rare sequel that keeps up with the original. This film is great fun for all ages.  My two year old wants to see it about ten times a day, and unlike a lot of other films, I don't want to throw up after seeing it that often.  Great script.  Characters are warm and, dare I say it, human.  Lots of humor aimed at different age groups.  The video quality is good and there's some music video stuff at the end that a child might enjoy a few times.<br />Thanks Disney for remembering that a clean, G-film can be fun and successful.  This is one to add to your collection.  Your whole family will enjoy it.
0399146253|4.0|With the abrupt and unsatisfying ending to Black Notice, I was worried that Cornwell was just plain getting tired of Kay Scarpetta. The Last Precinct, thankfully, fills in many of the gaps that seemed to linger and adds much dimension to the intertwining plots. Scarpetta is in such deep doo-doo that there are no easy outs--friends and enemies become harder and harder to distinguish,she is frazzled physically and mentally, and she is on the verge of seeing her reputation and career completely destroyed. While thrillseeking readers may find Scarpetta's instrospection a bit tiresome, I have enjoyed the character development and the very real elements of paranoia and self-doubt that have tinted Scarpetta's edges. For me, she remains a great character and I hope Cornwell takes her well into middle age as a strong survivor.
6304535570|1.0|The huge success of detective stories at the beginning of the last century inspired tons of imitation Sherlocks, and even imitations of the imitations. Simon Templar, &quot;The Saint,&quot; was one of the latter. There never was much to Templar to begin with; he was just a debonair smart aleck in the tradition of Philo Vance and Bulldog Drummond. But surely even a fourth-rate cardboard character deserves more than this: being turned into a vehicle for Val Kilmer's apparently limitless self-indulgence. The film is actually a Kilmer anthology - donning about a dozen so-called disguises, he never gets around to acting the part of Templar, but he does run through all the trademark Val characters (smoldering lounge lizard, buck-toothed comic, stoic tough guy). We're supposed to care because he doesn't know how to be HIMSELF, but in fact we're grateful for small favors. The movie is also memorable for a second awful performance -- by Elisabeth Shue, who appears visibly frustrated and puzzled over how to play scenes with her bizarre co-star.
B000001ES4|5.0|I first heard this CD in a restaurant.  The music was unlike anything I have ever heard and I felt at peace with the world.  I have purchased two of the CD's and I intend on buying another one now.  I encourage you to listen to these sounds!
B00000K0DT|5.0|I saw it originally based on a recommendation from one of my students.  This is one of the best films ever made.  It starts and you think it's a &quot;caper-film&quot; with the team of criminals planning to pull of the big score, only to realize partway through that isn't it at all.  It magically transforms into a character study so compelling you can't take your eyes off the screen.  Definately a film you don't just rent once, buy it and sit down to watch it uninterrupted.<br />If a great movie stays with you after you've left the theater, this is one of the best.  A scene showing a flash-back to something that happened in Soze's past has haunted me for more than two years!
B000002P48|5.0|This is probably one of the best debuts ever, right up there with Van Halen's, Jimi Hendrix's, Led Zeppelin, and Ozzy's. You could probably also get by with saying that this is the best album that Skynyrd ever did (not belittling their subsequent work, of course). Freebird, Tuesday's Gone, I Ain't The One, Simple Man. What else needs to be said? The track list on this album speaks for itself. If you only buy one Lynyrd Skynyrd album, I'd make it this one.
B00004U30D|2.0|This smug satire makes its tired little points against all the obvious targets - middle class hypocrites, homophobes, and uptight squares of all ages. Filmed in a slow, narcoticized rhythm that gives it the appearance of being deep and artistic, it predictably won a slew of Academy Awards. But there's more wit, insight, and true satire in any 10 minutes of &quot;The Simpsons.&quot; <br />p.s. One major scene involving weightlifting and a bong has to be the single stupidest plot twist in movie history.
B00004XONN|2.0|I just don't get it.  I just listened to The Bends and then went back to Kid A.  It just doesn't match up.  The melodies are just not there, the ringing acoustic guitar lost to sound loops.  The emotion of their previous albums is just not carried into this album.  Kid A is a good album, however, not the classic that I expect from an act like Radio Head.
0880381736|5.0|This is the best serie i've ever read, and i have read hundred of books: Classics, horror, crimestories... The style of writing is unic, Dragonlance is the best. Heroes are humanic, sensitive and real, just like people are in the real life. No one can give this 1 star, and if does, that tells the stupidity of that person, or a god damn bad taste, which is same thing.
B000002P74|5.0|There is no sophomore jinx on Lynyrd Skynyrd's second album. Second Helping nearly equals their excellent debut. Everyone knows and loves \\"Sweet Home Alabama,\\" but don't forget the other excellent songs:  \\"Workin for MCA\\"; \\"The Ballad of Curtis Loew,\\" which has some truly great slide guitar; \\"Don't Ask Me No Questions\\"; \\"Swamp Music\\"; and the superb cover of J. J. Cale's \\"Call Me the Breeze,\\" which has a truly incredible piano solo. If you get the remastered version there is even an excellent demo of the very introspective \\"Was I Right or Wrong.\\" This is definitely a fine effort.
0792842723|1.0|After Tina Turner growls the tuneless title song, the movie begins with Pierce Brosnan's James Bond getting away in his Aston-Martin with yet another luscious babe... only now, in the politically correct '90s, she puts him down for his smoking, drinking, and womanizing. Sean Connery would have given her the ejector seat, but poor Pierce just sits there and makes his standard I've-just-bitten-a-lemon face. It only gets more incomprehensible as this pathetic, pure plastic attempt at a Bond movie grinds on.
B00004Y6TQ|3.0|After listening to Homogenic countless times, I can't help but feel really disappointed with Selmasongs.  Don't worry, SS hasn't changed my intention to see the film as soon as damn well possible, but as a mini-album in it's own right, it doesn't quite stand up.<br />Why Yorke was asked to do vox for this version of &quot;I've Seen It All&quot; I've no idea - his voice ruins the track for me, I would much rather Peter Stormare's vox were present....  Further there is the fact that there's only just over 30 minutes of material here, the first 3 being a rather dull overture that sounds like it has been taken straight from &quot;Yet Another Derivative Hollywood Orchestral Film Soundtrack.&quot;  The final nail in the coffin as it were, has to be that many (stores) are charging full album prices for it....  argh....<br />Which is a shame, since I'd argue with anyone that Cvalda is one of the single greatest songs Bjork has ever written; and whilst I wouldn't place any of tracks 4 and onwards quite up to the same standard, they aren't far off.<br />Ultimately Gling-Glo seems to do more for me personally..., and Homogenic is still my personal fave, but even so no Bjork fan in their right mind would skip this EP (because, let's face it, that's what it is), and I will certainly try and get my hands on the Japanese import.<br />3.5/5 I think - too short, two rather poor tracks (1 and 3), and by the sounds of it, missing vital tracks from the film.
0399146253|4.0|This book is totally absorbing...depending more on character analysis rather than plot advancing incidents.  However, I was disappointed at the slap dash ending.  After wading through 400 plus pages, I discovered we were really just being set up for the sequel. It's time for closure and for Kay to move on to a new case.
B000001ELR|5.0|From the opening drumbeat of &quot;Creatures Of The Night&quot; to the last note of &quot;War Machine&quot; this album is fierce. Tracks like &quot;Rock N Roll Hell&quot;, &quot;Danger&quot;, &quot;I Love It Loud&quot;, and &quot;Keep Me Comin'&quot; are so tough. This album is the best one since Love Gun. Gene is really growling here, especially on the best song, &quot;War Machine&quot;. This song is so heavy and raw. Another standout is &quot;Danger&quot;, it's really fast and mean and is good to get you going. The biggest hit off the album is &quot;I Love It Loud&quot;. It is far better than &quot;Rock N Roll All Nite&quot; and has a pumped-up bass drum. This album is really cool and is worth checking out.
B0000025DD|4.0|I went into this album with low expectations but, but all in all this album delivers.  The first half of the album is clearly better than the second, with &quot;No Way,&quot; &quot;So Far,&quot; and &quot;Short and Sweet&quot; leading the pack.  A very good debut by solo Dave
B00004XOWM|5.0|this cd is awesome. I waited forever for limpbizkit to release a new cd. once they finlayy did I got my mom to drive me to the store to buy it. this cd rocks. fred durst doesn't care what anybody thinks. you can tell because of the number of times he uses the f-word. i would be scared to use the f-word so many times in case my mom heard the cd but not fred. I love limpbizkit because they became popular without selling out and they are the only band on mtv that didn't sell out besides blink-182. they are like nsync except 100 times cooler and tougher and realer. fred durst is the most real person I have ever seen. he really knows how to rap too. I think fred durst and puff daddy are the two greatest rappers ever. this band changed my life because they showed me how to be cool and tough and hardcore. fred durst really knows how to write awesome lyrics. he is a ghetto poet. he writes about life and how hard it can be. he really knows how hard life can be too. I would reccomend this album to anyone who wnats to hear heavy metal mixed with intelligent profound deep lyrics.
B000009QPG|5.0|This album is amazing! The riffs are powerfull and toms vocals are as good as ever. If you don't allready have this album right now you are doing a big disservice to yourself. My favorite song is &quot;skeletons of society&quot; its just an awesome song. Slayer keeps it real and always will! Go slayer!!
0385484518|5.0|This book dose more than bring the reality of death right smack in front of your face. It teaches you that death and aging are not something to be scared of, but rather its just another one of lives lessons. I began to read this book because of a recommendation from a friend and it has changed my hole perspective on getting older. Its not about slowing down or loosing your youth, its about experiences and someone that is older my not be able to run jump and play anymore but they can tell you what its like to run jump and play.   I also really began to understand why parents say the things the do. They were their once to, and they have gone throw everything that we have so your parents already know what to do. I look back on all the times when my parents told me to do one thing or the other, and then I didn't agree with their diocesans but now I see that they were looking out for my best interest. This is the same kind of wisdom that Morrie conveys with his students. My favorite quote from the book is &quot;once you learn how to die you learn how to live&quot; I will remember it for always. Morrie said this trying to get Mitch to realize that life is precious and he didn't wont Mitch to have to watt tell he death like Morrie to realize how precious life really is.
0679601686|5.0|I drive my parents and friends crazy with by many references to this book. It's incredible I cannot read it without putting it down to breath again, otherwise I might axphixiate myself from holding my breath in suspense. I love the latest movie that goes with this too. it is the most wondeful book in the world!
0767903854|4.0|I'd not read a Bill Bryson book before so as I began his trek around &amp; across Australia, I found myself chortling &amp; enchanted at this author's mischievous sense of the absurd. This book is packed with historical, geological, botanical, biological &amp; unusual travelogue detail of his adventures Down Under.<br />He is a keen observer of culture &amp; cupidity. Whether he's relaxing in Alice Springs with a brew, watching the white Saturday world mill before him, into which stumble 20th Century Aborigines. This author puts down his newspaper &amp; ponders on the history of Australia's First People; of the incoming European settlers' morals with regard to these elusive inhabitants who had survived, quite nicely thank you, for thousands of years only to be devastated by the plague of prejudice.<br />Or whether he's off on a train to Western Australia or enchanted by a lovely clean city or dabbling in the waters of New South Wales. This author dwells upon the peculiarity that Australia is home to more hair-raising critters of the deadly kind than anywhere else around this globe. With all his research, Bill Bryson is still not sure why. <br />Few details escape this intrepid traveler; he's especially good when illuminating the early sorties into the forbidding interior which, because he crisscrosses it a few times himself, he describes in bright, busy visions &amp; has definitely wetted my appetite for a gander at Down Under. For my full review do check out: [my website].
B00003CXIY|5.0|Road trip, in my opinion could not have been made any better, it is simply fantastic. It creates a similar feeling of young carelessness, madcap antics, and sex as American pie, whilst not being so outrageous that it seems un-believable. It is a film in which your teenage fantasy can become reality. There is something for everone is this movie, if it doesnt make you laugh you must have had your brain removed! I would say it is more of a movie for the male sex, but is equally enjoyable by both sex`s. If you like teenage movies don`t hesitate buy it now! you will watch it again and again! I will say no more, just watch it and see for yourself! Simply brilliant!!
B000000OUJ|5.0|I still listen to this cd.  My favorite song is Killa Hills.  This is one of the few cds I own where i don't have to skip any songs to get to the ones that I like.  I hope the Wu continues to keep pushing out golden rap notes for us to enjoy!! 2the WU-  NEVER SELL OUT!  STAY ORIGINAL. POSITIVE ENERGY ACTIVATES CONSTANT ELEVATION.
B00000253N|5.0|I was certainly not a fan of Dylan's work.  I never liked &quot;Blowing in the Wind&quot; or &quot;Like A Rolling Stone.&quot;<br />Then I heard &quot;Idiot Wind.&quot;  And everything changed.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|*The Clash* ranks right up there with the Sex Pistols' *Never Mind the Bollocks* in representing THE punk sound: fast, loud, raw, simple, direct.  Having mastered the form with that classic album, the Clash deliver their &quot;masterpiece&quot; in *London Calling*.  On this album the Clash maintain that same level of energy and punk spirit but really stretch out stylistically, varying the tempo, subject matter, instrumentation, and arrangements on the diverse range of songs here.<br />The album opens with the anthemic title track, which features staccattoed guitars, foreboding bass, swinging(!) drums, and Joe Strummer's call-to-arms lyrics with an overall air of menace and prophetic urgency.  The album closes with &quot;Train in Vain,&quot; a plea for devotion sung earnestly by Mick Jones over a funky(!) backing punctuated by harmonica.  Between these bookend tunes lies an array of songs that show the facility that these guys have with different styles of music including ska (&quot;Rudie Can't Fail&quot;), reggae (&quot;Guns of Brixton&quot;), and rockabilly (&quot;Brand New Cadillac&quot;).<br />The album lags slightly in places with a few tracks, especially in the second half of the album, but the vast majority of the album is all top-notch material: &quot;Lost in the Supermarket&quot; (confusion of identity), &quot;Clampdown&quot; (anti-establishment manifesto), &quot;Death or Glory&quot; (rebellious bravado) ... the list goes on.  The lyrics reflect sharp social observation and commentary and are delivered with great individual or tandem vocals filled with passion and urgency ... and unlike other punks, the Clash could really play their instruments.  The polished production on this album stands in contrast with the rough sound of the debut, but this new sound gives *London Calling* pop appeal.  The album couldn't be sequenced better, too, giving it cohesiveness and shape.<br />A double album on par with *Exile on Main Street*, &quot;The White Album,&quot; or *Blonde on Blonde*, *London Calling* goes beyond punk appeal to appeal to anyone who cares about fire, creativity, and integrity in their rock music.<br />A must buy, desert island, top ten album.
B00004X01U|5.0|The Highs: Mirwais does a great job with the production of the  tracks (&quot;Music&quot;, &quot;Impressive Instant&quot;).  Sufficient number of  ballads.  Nothing like &quot;Ray Of Light.&quot;  Do not expect a &quot;Ray Of  Light: Part 2.&quot;  &quot;Music&quot; comprises of folk-electronica with a  touch of club beats.<br />The Lows: Anticipated more club-oriented tracks, otherwise a  MAJOR hit.  The lyrics may also be a burner.<br />Standouts:<br />Best Dance Track: Amazing/Runaway Lover<br />Best Ballad: I Deserve It<br />Best 'Worst' Track: What It Feels Like For A Girl<br />Released Singles: Music, Don't Tell Me<br />Potential Singles: Amazing, I Deserve It, Runaway Lover<br />Worth the purchase?: Of course, it's Madonna.
B00004XONN|5.0|i can't understand all these discussions of persons who are familiar with radiohead about the differences to the ok computer release, ok this is an comercial platform and so i shouldn't expect much more, but what did you expect this kid a is a typicall radiohead it's an (if this exists) avantgard pop release they told that they didn't want to sound like a copy of radiohead and that e.g. aphex twin had much more influence to music evolution than themselves, ok they forgot sonic youth but they are song writers and their music wouldn't be imaginable without feelings and that are still the same even if their lyrics seems to be more cynical than ever  at all a great album
0451191153|1.0|Ayn Rand is so wrong in so many ways -- and spreads her mistakes out over hundereds and hundereds of interminable pages. &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; could be unintentionally funny, a kind of trashy read, a giggle for people with a brain. In fact it's just dull, full of stooges for Rand's tenets haplessly disguised as characters. And, oh, she doesn't know the first thing about architecture, either.
0385495323|5.0|Well done...makes the seemingly tedious practice of code making and code breaking interesting by weaving in historical accounts and (still) lost treasure.  Includes a very intriguing chapter on translating ancient scripts and several code-braking challenges for the reader, ranging from easy to very difficult.  Discusses the Enigma Machine, the Rosetta Stone, Linear B, and several other code-breaking classics (some remain unsolved!)
0811826848|5.0|In my mind.... rather in  my reality and in the reality of others this book is merited the award for Best book ever (if I said so myself). This book offers more than just a good read and amazing rare photographs....it offers the hard work solely belonging to the beatles themselves, achieving a rather important stage in their life together and apart from each other. this book made me buy two copies at once never having a doubt in my mind that I wouldn't regret this.  the Beatles giving their words, their pictures and their lifes to us goes to show how important it is that this book must be read by all.<br />the book is like others, but only because it tells the story about the Beatles from beginning to end. recounting their number one hits, their incounters with love-peace-drugs-spirituality and politics and  because it demonstrates a peculier sense in telling the story it self.  But in nowhere can you ever find the complete works of all four Beatles + george Martin, Mal evens, derek taylor and brian epstein all together in one writing. the pictures themselves could take on the honour of representing the beatles in a fashion never before witnessed.<br />the book was great and deserves for billions to be bought.<br />thank you beatles   I hope we read from you again.
0440219078|5.0|I REALLY LOVE THIS BOOK.ITS SO GOOD. I FIND IT VERY TOUCHING AT THE END OF THE BOOK.TO FIND OUT WHAT I THINK IS TOUCHING GO READ IT.SO BUY IT.
B000000XB9|5.0|Creedence Clearwater Revival was one of the best singles bands in rock history.  That their original studio albums were also first rate was because they were all essentially collections of great singles.  &quot;Chronicle&quot; has to be one of the best and most intelligently programed single-disc anthology albums ever.  The CD moves in chronological order, starting with the ace covers &quot;Susie Q&quot; and &quot;I Put a Spell on You,&quot; recorded when the band was just warming up.  Then it roars through the classics starting with &quot;Proud Mary&quot; and ending with another ace cover, &quot;I Heard it Through the Grapevine,&quot; that amazingly were all released in about a two year period from 1968-1970.  All of these songs are staples of classic rock radio and prove that John Fogerty was a master songwriter who could be mentioned in the same sentence with Lennon/McCartney.  The album finishes with a quartet of fine singles that were highlights from the band's final two less successful albums.  &quot;Have You Ever Seen the Rain&quot; may not be that distinguishable from the earlier &quot;Who'll Stop the Rain,&quot; but its still a top notch rock song.<br />For the casual fan, &quot;Chronicle&quot; is all you will ever need, though &quot;Chronicle 2&quot; will help satisfy those with additional CCR cravings.  If all great bands were as well served with their anthology albums, being a music consumer wouldn't be so frustratingly expensive.
6303036570|4.0|Over his incredible career Al Pacino has done his best work with a handful of directors.  Sidney Lumet(Serpico, Dog Day Afrernoon), Michael Mann(Heat, The Insider), Francis Ford Coppola(Godfater Trilogy), but perhaps none better than Brian De Palma.  This is in terms of the characters they created together.  Tony Montana in Scarface and Carlito Brigante in Carlito's Way.  In the beginning of the film Carlito is released from prison, a self-proclaimed reformed criminal.  His lawyer(Sean Penn at his finest) has sprung him five years into a thirty year sentence on a technicality.  Now a free man and wanting nothing to do with his former life Carlito sets out to live clean.  He plans to move to the Carribean and rent cars to tourists. The only thing he needs to do is raise $75,000 legitimatly and he is on his way.  Much easier said than done.  It seems eveywhere he goes he is getting into trouble with people trying to suck him back to his past profession.  His nephew gets killed, the DA says he has dirt on him, a gangster looking to make a nams for himself won't leave him alone, and Penn is a mess, time just doesn't seem to be on his side.  Meanwhile Carlito hooks up with his old girlfriend(Penelope Ann Miller), but she wants him to leave everyone behind.  Carlito can't get out just yet, his pride won't let him, and he makes several bad moves.  The picture ends with a mad race to get out of the city.  In particular the chase in the train station is one of the most well shot sequences of its kind.  This film was shunned by the critics for reasons I can't figure.  It is an engaging drama of the life of a gangster who wants out and the code that keeps him in.  This is one of De Palma's best films, Pacino is great and the supporting cast is excellent.  An awesome film.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|U-571 is extremely entertaining.  Of all the movies I have seen this year, it by far had an action packed agenda.  Never a dull moment, and even a flare of patriotic sparkle was included.  Historically, this movie reaches far into the fiction catagory, even though the filmmakers admit that and show the historical facts before the ending credits.  See this movie for the entertainment, not for a history lesson.  Also, technically, I do find it a little hard to believe that a group of American submariners can learn how to control a German U-boat in under 10 minutes, even with a couple translaters to read valve designators.  It took me 8 monthes to get my &quot;dolphins&quot;, so I found that aspect of the movie hard to believe.  In technical accuracy, from the least to the most, this movie is below Das Boot, on par with Red October, and above Crimson Tide.  It is fast-paced and very entertaining though.
0783228457|5.0|If any film deserves to be called a modern classic, it is definitely Videodrome.  This is an incredibly disturbing and dark tale about sex &amp; violence on television.  James Woods stars as Max Renn, head of the upstart cable station Civic TV, whose main draw is outrageous softcore pornography and extremely graffic violence.  Renn intercepts a show called Videodrome which is nothing but hardcore violence for a half hour and becomes instantly mesmerized by its content.  He soon discovers things about the show that should not be told or discussed to anyone until they see the film for themselves.  The cast is brilliant, and Cronerberg seems to get his normal sleepy performances from everyone involved, including Woods and Deborah Harry, lead singer of 80's band Blondie.  The only thing that will deter people from seeing this film is the amount of highly disturbing imagery and disgusting gore effects by makeup whiz Rick Baker.  This is an abosolutely outstanding film that touches on a subject that is still hush hush in today's soceity.  This is not a movie only for film buffs.  It is a movie for everyone.
6302732875|5.0|Where is the DVD? Anyone know.  Great for lovers of movies where dialogue moves the plot.
630512065X|5.0|This is a wonderful video for adults and children.  My 2 1/2 year old can't get enough of it.  If you like to watch very talented people sing and dance, and enjoy the wonderful music of Andrew Lloyd Webber, this is the video for you.  We found ourselves singing the songs in the car, at the park, and at bedtime.  And each of our family members has &quot;become&quot; one of the characters.  I like the messages my kids get about diversity, respect, fun, happiness, and community.  I cannot say enough good about it. A+++
0375707972|5.0|I bought this book while on travel in Australia. I figured it would be a quick read on the plane back...little did I know how it would consume my time over the next few hours. I read it...and then I re-read it, and re-read it again. By the time the plane ride came, I had read it three times.<br />Most of us can see a lot of ourselves in the protagonist, Michael or his lover, Hannah. The backdrop of WW II and the Holocaust is a unique means of showing character flaws and how they can drive us to destruction. Hannah's inability to swallow her pride and overcome her &quot;secret&quot; led to her destruction; consequently her atonement in prison and love for Michael led to her rehabilitation as a human being.<br />What is sad about the book is how Michael cannot acknowledge his love for Hannah to the rest of the world, undoubtedly due to her shame of being a convicted Nazi. Even at the conclusion of the novel, he is unable to voice his love to anyone, except to the one person who couldn't care less about Hannah.<br />This book is a wonderful read, and provokes a lot of thoughts. I heartily recommend it to anyone looking to find a little more about themselves.
B000050HTO|5.0|This is an excellent career retrospective of Mr. Dylan's music. I would highly recommend this CD to anyone looking to be slowly introduced to the man's genius. He is a living legend, in my humble opinion, and hearing the words and music from these two discs just reinforces the idea in my mind. The songs are arranged chronologically, so one gets a glimpse of how the man has reinvented himself and his music over the course of his career. From the simple folk guitar and harmonica and socially relevant lyrics of &quot;Blowing in the Wind&quot; to the blues-tinged introspective examination of the human condition (in the later years of his life) in &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; and &quot;Things Have Changed&quot;, one journeys along with Dylan as he takes upon a trip through his 40+ year career.
B00004YW6I|4.0|PJ Harvey takes the world by the balls on this album and proves why she's a standard of excellence.  this woman takes her songs and shoves them into your face and into your head.  the energy of the songs are unbelievable and come through perfectly forcing you to think and feel on those levels you'd like to ignore.  its been too long since we've gotten a raw, experience driven album from a female artist.  PJ's new album will be a welcome addition to anyone wanting strong passionate songs from her.
B000003BDJ|5.0|I got this cd for my dad for his b-day.I love it.The thing is, I am not 35 or anything. I will say this,I have not graduated high school.Just because I am young doesn't mean I don't know good music when I hear it.My favorite songs are &quot;(I Can't Get No)Satisfaction&quot;,&quot;Tears Go By&quot;,&quot;Get Off of My Cloud&quot;,&quot;Mothers Little Helper&quot;, and &quot;Paint it Black&quot;.I would reccomend this to any rock and roll fan.
B00004XOWM|2.0|This CD was ok, but many of the songs sounded exactly like songs from Sig.Other.  The songs also dragged on a bit, I found myself skipping to the next track because they were just too long.  Rollin' is great, so is 3 and 10... 13 is great and almost haunting, but is also too long of a song.  You can sing &quot;rearranged (sig.other)&quot; behind &quot;the one(starfish)&quot; and they sound exactly the same.  Sounds just like the last one.
B00004ZD69|5.0|Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Anteannas to Heaven is Godspeed's second full length release.  It came out on LP a month or so ago, and is now (happily) available on CD.<br />The album slyly documents the band's progression without repeating earlier songs: the early bits simpler and reminiscent of the very very beginnins as a two piece set, the middle very accurately portraying the raging crechendoes that brought f#a# Infinity into our minds, and the end showing something of the melodies that are now growing out of the band's experience.  It is a fantastic album, simply impossible to ignore in the background as &quot;mood music&quot;.  It has more depth and subltety to it than any modern music I know of, and occasionally achingly reminds me of Beethoven or Bach, in a desperate ground-level way.<br />Leave Napster out of this one, kiddies.  Mp3 removes frequencies that humans ignore, but with Godspeed every tone or touch lost is a world you're missing.<br />Buy f#a# Infinity, buy LYSFLAH.  These two albums won't be touched by anything for years to come.  And for god's sake, do not miss them live.
0062502182|5.0|I really liked this book because it gave me good  advice for my life. After I read the book I realized the mistakes that I'm doing. Santiago gave us a lesson of what can we do when we take a risk he also show us that we need to aware of what we doing. This book  impressed me with all the experiences that Santiago had I believe that if we try to do the right thing  like Santiago did we can make a progress in our life.
0192833634|5.0|This is the story of a young girl, who goes to live with her richer cousins. They don't treat her very well, but she prevails. This is a short summary of a rich plot, which Jane Austen conjures up out of her characters, and the social rules of the world that they live in. What is amazing is that there is little in the way of plot tricks - everything arises organically from the characters. Most of the books you read these days rely on all kinds of devices, from war to interplanetary invasion, and Jane Austen shows that you don't need these to create a compelling story.<br />I was interested by the character of Fanny Price - yes, she is stubborn, but only to be true to herself, even though everyone thinks that she is denying herself happiness. She chooses not to be a hypocrite, and actually play by the rules that everyone else lectures her about. She is in wonderful contrast to Mrs Norris, a classic Austen villainness, who does nothing bad, but just is a nasty selfish hypocrite.<br />I loved the way that there are changes in the way that the characters think about each other, and about the world. In other words, the people in this book are really alive, and you don't think of them as representations at all.<br />True, Miss Bennett in Pride and Prejudice is a more attractive character, but I think that the way that the characters are made to work for the plot in this book makes Mansfield Park a better book. Perhaps one wouldn't want to live there, but this is a book that can be read and re-read, and there is always something new. The balance of this book is perfect.
0062502182|5.0|I really liked this book because it gave me good  advice for my life. After I read the book I realized the mistakes that I'm doing. Santiago gave us a lesson of what can we do when we take a risk he also show us that we need to aware of what we doing. This book  impressed me with all the experiences that Santiago had I believe that if we try to do the right thing  like Santiago did we can make a progress in our life.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead's new album &quot;Kid A&quot; pushes one step further along the journey into their own minds, and ours as well.  The lyrics seem more nonsensical than ever, which is exactly why you come to find they mean so much.  What makes &quot;Kid A&quot; an instant classic is that you can listen to the CD as many times as possible and never get bored.  It's not that you remain content with the same thing, it's that the music constantly changes itself.  More appropriately, the music changes you!  The listener's ears hear new and different things in the same notes and words each time.  Each slight deviation in sound and lyric produces profound effects.  The music, words, sounds, and yes, even discordant noises weave a intricate puzzle in which each new piece transforms all the ones before it.  It is a masterpiece of constantly explosive angst, anxiety, cynicism, and pain carefully repressed into deceptively simplistic patterns at times.  At least that's what it is to me... this week.  Oh, one other thing: look at the artwork in the cover while listening to the music.  As my sister perceptively pointed out, the music IS the artwork.  They are one and the same.  Look at it and you'll see what I mean.  It's just one more carefully woven strand that gives color, depth, and possibility.  That's the real beauty of &quot;Kid A.&quot;  The harder you try to grab on to a concrete interpretation, the more you realize how fluid and infinite the meaning really is.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead continues to evolve as mature, talented and complex musicians.  They are in a class by themselves creating a sound that is unreplicable.  If you're used to alternative rock music, you won't appreciate this album. But if you're the type of music listener that has an open mind and can appreciate real genius....don't let this one slip away
B00004YM0D|3.0|The movie was probably the best of the year.  The music fit the film perfectly however I do not want a song compilation.  Like &quot;Armegeddon&quot; and &quot;For the Love of the Game&quot;, I will wait for the score to be released.
0679879269|5.0|Personally i don't think its necessary to get into the whole political and moral controversy that surrounds this book.  People can argue about it until their faces go blue but it is not going to change my opinion of the book and i will certainly recommend this book to anyone who will listen to me.  <br />It was a simply fascinating read, all three books were in fact.  After the second book i had my doubts whether or not Pullman would be able to pull off another book like the previous two.  I just didn't see how he was going to be able to wrap up the story.  After all the delays in its publishing i started to get very worried, but last night I finished The Amber Spyglass it is astonishing how well the story was carried out clear to the end.  I'm still literally feeling the effects of his words within me, it made me happy, sad, but most of all hopefull for the future.  The ending was one of the most powerful i've read in a long time, Pullman is a master in describing the complexity of human emotions.  My hat is off to you Philip
0060920386|5.0|Better than &quot;Bonfire of the Vanities&quot;--which was a hoot nonetheless--because it's all true.  The authors managed somehow to get in-depth interviews with nearly all the people whose stories they tell here. This book gives you an informed inside look at one of the biggest corporate deals in American history.  Business students and business leaders will find in it an unvarnished look at a leveraged buyout and how the personal and corporate dramas of the key players rippled through the economy of the late 1980s.  But you don't necessarily have to be interested in IPOs, LBOs, and other Wall Street activities to enjoy it.  I bought it just to read about Carolyne Rhoeme and Henry Kravis and the way they took Manhattan by storm there for awhile (I think they're divorced now and she's left the fashion business to do high-end floral consulting--nice work if you can get it, right?)<br />Beyond the fun, though, many innocent people paid a high price for the boardroom wars between Kravis and Johnson. As one person said after it was all said and done, &quot;I no longer work for a company, but an investment.&quot;  And she left it rather than move yet again because she sensed it was only about the bottom line.  The last sentence in the book is a question that every ethical businessperson should ask before putting a company into play the way Ross Johnson did.
B000000993|5.0|Tool the most underated band of the 90's is arubaly one of the finest rock band ever. Undertow is a melodic and detailed music. The lyrics maybe harsh to some but send a message, some fantasic hard guitar riffs and pounding drums really add to the dark feel on the album. Some great hard rock here!
B00004XOWM|5.0|if you were only a true limp bizkit fan you would understand the lyrics.although some of the lyrics are inappopriate the songs actually have a meaning.i have all the lyrics to each and every song on chocolate starfish and the hotdog flavored water and they tell a story,
6303965415|5.0|&quot;Persuasion&quot; is Jane Austen's most romantic and most overheated novel, which admittedly isn't to say that it's exactly &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; - but it does carry a stronger emotional undertow than any of her others.  As such, it also makes for a great movie.<br />It was also her last novel, and if you want to be crudely autobiographical about it, it's a rather wistful revenge fantasy.  Anne Elliot, the only decent and sensible member of the cringingly awful Elliot family, has been fading into regretful spinsterhood ever since she refused marriage to a handsome Navy officer seven years earlier.  Now that her mother is dead and her snobbish roue of a father down on his luck, the family has to rent out the ancestral home (oh, the shame) to a crinkly, friendly Admiral, whose wife happens to be the sister of the man she turned down.   No sooner has Frederick Wentworth, the former suitor, now a successful and dashing Captain, strode back into Anne's life, than all her repressed feelings start to surge back.  With mortifying consequences.  <br />Nick Dear's adaptation was made for the BBC in the shadow of Andrew Davies' much more well-known (and more expensive) version of &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;.  It's far better.  &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; ended up as an exercise in set dressing, with good performances defeated by lavish frocks and relentless background music.  &quot;Persuasion&quot; was shot entirely on location, using only natural light (the evening parties are all in authentic sepia-toned candlelight), and almost all the music is being played in the scene, instead of swamping bad writing with mood.  The characters get wind-blown and muddy and wet.  This isn't really a costume drama at all; the only things that seem alien are the manners.  A lot of this is presumably due to Roger Michell, the director.<br />Yet Michell also throws the responsibility for conveying this almost entirely unspoken story onto his actors, who excel.  Amanda Rootis superb as Anne.  She starts out as a red-faced, mildly haggard-looking spinster and blooms into a radiant heroine, and yet seems to do it entirely without makeup; her manner changes, her gestures and range of expressions become freer, and as her love gains control over her sense of duty, she turns, as it were, into her real self.  Ciaran Hinds is equally good as the impressively sideburned Wentworth; he goes from brusque and almost rude to desperately sincere.  The rest of the cast are distinguished; John Woodvine as the genial Admiral Croft, Fiona Shaw nicely underacting for a change as the Admiral's wife, Corin Redgrave as Anne's risibly pompous and snobbish father, Samuel West as the oleaginous creep of a suitor, Sophie Thompson as Anne's sniffy and hypochondriac sister, Simon Russell Beale as the bluff and endearingly clueless brother-in-law...everybody is good.<br />This is a story told almost entirely by looks alone, and is as such a masterclass in acting, directing and editing.  Easily one of the best Jane Austen adaptations ever, and incidentally one of the most satisfying British films of the 90s.  You can watch it again and again and keep picking up on something you'd missed before.  I'd even say - and you're entitled to shriek and storm off in a petulant frenzy - that in its technical excellence and emotional generosity, it's a better work of art than the original novel.
B00004XONN|2.0|I find it fascinating that the critics who found the masturbatory musings of Pink Floyd, King Crimson, Yes and other seventies progressive rock outfits so offensive seem so smitten by Kid A.  This album is twaddling self-indulgence on a galactic scale.  Radiohead, perhaps influenced by all the &quot;best band in the world&quot; nonsense, is clearly beginning to take themselves too seriously.  OK Computer ranks as one of the great rock albums of this past decade.  Kid A is interesting background music for those on high-grade hallucinogenics, but very little else.
B00004YW6I|5.0|PJ Harvey has found . . . clarity?  That's the first thing I noticed when I heard this extraordinarily coherent album.  Gone is the dense fury of Rid of Me, the otherworldliness of To Bring You My Love, the electronic dabblings of Is This Desire? . . .  Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea is more transcendant and less claustrophobic than her previous work. As with most master works, approaching it from different directions at first is necessary.  And then over time . . . the shape makes sense as it tells a story.  And it is the most welcome trip I've taken in some time.  Tracks that knocked me over when I first heard them were Big Exit, You Said Something, Horses in My Dreams, We Float. PJ Harvey has always been an incredible songwriter . . . but the last two songs on this album are probably the best stuff she has ever done . . . both being free and expansive . . .evidence of an artist challenging herself . . . and apparently finding solace in the process. This album is highly recommended.
B00000583F|4.0|this actually sounds more like the real black sabbath (withozzy) than the later black sabbath stuff does (with ronnie dio onvocals).  complete, blatant sabbath worship, maybe a little heavierand a stronger emphasis on weed, and a bit more mystical lyrically.probably the best sabbath-worship band out there.  i'm only gonna givethis 4 stars thgouh, because it isnt incredibly original, as are theirother two albums.  check out their first, called volume one, which ismuch more experimental and effect-laden, and the newest, calledjerusalem, which is feedback drenched, packed tightly with slowsouthern leads, and mindblowingly heavy.  these guys rule...
0385484518|4.0|&quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot; is a heartwarming book about a professor named Morrie who is dying and a former student who comes to visit him every Tuesday. In this book the author, Mitch Albom, uses a lot of dialog and telling not showing. This would not usually be a very effective technique, but in this book I think it works to create this story. &quot;When I'm dead.&quot; Don't say that. He laughed. &quot;Mitch, I'm going to die. And sooner, not later.&quot; This exemplifies the technique he uses throughout the entire book. In most books this would not be a good technique because there is so much telling and very little showing.  But in this book the technique worked because the author is simply repeating what Morrie says.  The story takes place in pretty much the same setting, Morrie's home.  Because of this the author doesn't really need to set the scene,instead, he chooses to use dialog between the two men.     Another thing that Mitch Albom does well is that he creates complex, quirky characters. Mitch starts out in the book as a money hungry journalist.  By the end of the book he seems to have changed into a person who is going to chase his dream and who comes to realize what is really important. Morrie is a character who does not care about outward appearances. He looks beneath the surface and sees people for what they really are. He stays the same throughout the book and passes his wisdom on to Mitch.   If I could take some things from Mitch Albom's writing to use in my writing I would take the way he uses dialog to create setting and mood. I would also try to make my characters as complex as the ones he creates in &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie.&quot;
B00004X01U|5.0|MUSIC! from Madonna was the most anticipated album to be released for me this year and I was not disappointed,  I love every single song on the 10 track album.  The first released single &quot;Music&quot;, is classic Madonna giving her 12 #1 hits in her 17 year career, their are more gems on this album, &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot;, &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; just to name a few. With every Madonna album grow more excitment than the last. This album receives an A++ because the album is Superb!
B00003CXAT|4.0|I'm a big Steven Spielberg fan and I really like Jurrasic Park,but the dinosaurs definately upstage the human actors,in my opinion.Not that the actors don't do a good job,but it was amazing to just sit there and watch those dinosaurs.CGI effects,while extremely common now,weren't used as often before this film came out,(some films that had used them extensively were The Abyss,and Terminator 2)and the dinosaurs looked unbelievably real.(at least as far as I know,I never actually saw a real dinosaur!)Overall,this movie is very entertaining,(and better than it's sequal The Lost World)and it's got a good John Williams score,and most people would probably enjoy it.(although there probably aren't a lot of people who haven't seen it!)
044100590X|5.0|Frank Herbert's Dune Chronicles are a must-have 6 editions for any science fiction/fantasy fan. I just re-read Dune for about the 4th time, and plan on going through each of the following editions again. I'm a fan of sci-fi works that are very rich in plot, character population and total immersion into alternate worlds. Dune does it for me in so many ways. But very basically it puts me into the universe of Dune so deeply that I can see it in my mind, I can live it. It is visceral in nature. Not many books, sci-fi or otherwise, can do that to me. I think that Herbert's mastery in creating this alternate place so imaginatively, with so many layers and history and visualization and mythology and religion and philosophy and psychology, so convincingly is key to the popularity of Dune. And come on, who can resist the desert dwellers riding the wild worms? Like, totally rad!  I also discovered just yesterday that there will be a Dune miniseries on the Sci-fi Channel in December. Can't wait!
B00004TDTO|5.0|Steven Spielberg's Jaws is one of the all time greats,and even though it's 25 years old it can stand up to anything they're putting out today.The movie is very suspenseful,and especially in the second half of the film there's a lot of action.It's got a great(and very recognizable)music score by John Williams.Robert Shaw,Roy Scheider,and Richard Dreyfuss play the three main characters,and they are excellent.They rest of the cast,including Lorraine Gary and Murray Hamilton,is very good,too.As for the DVD it is one of the best.There are a ton of extra features,(including loads of still photos,some deleted scenes,and a very interesting making of documentary)and the picture and sound(in digital stereo)are outstanding.
B00004Z459|5.0|Probably the best CD out right now.  I first heard Linkin Park when I bought a fleece shirt from American Eagle.  They gave me a free CD as a pop offer I guess, and this CD had Papercut by Linkin Park on it.  I absolutley fell in love with it.  Every song on it is great, with the exception of track 11.  This is one of few CDs I can leave in my CD player and listen to it repeatedly all day, and then some.  When I heard In the End, I knew this CD was amazing.  I listen to everything from AC/DC to Metallica to Limp Bizkit.  If you like metal, this is for you.  If you like rap, you will probably like it too.  Linkin Park has the perfect combo of great beats and lyrics.  If you have $15 to spend, spend it on Linkin Park.  This CD is well worth it.
B000002J1B|4.0|Probably the most jarring, organic, noisy and intense Yes album you will ever hear, it's truly the oddball of the catalog, with bleak, grey Roger Dean artwork, and oftentimes dark lyrics: &quot;Kill them, give them as they give us/Slay them, burn their children's laughter on to hell.&quot;  Jeez, you think Jon might have forgotten to take his multivitamin that day? One-shot alumnus Patrick Moraz brings strange and exciting sounds and inspirations to Yes on this album.  His playing at times is often very abstract and atonal, in the tradition of Mwandishi-era Herbie Hancock.  But without a doubt the star of the set is Steve Howe, whose work on past albums has ranged from beautiful to downright mediocre - but not on this album.  He delivers a very intense, freeform unaccompanied solo on &quot;Sound Chaser&quot;, which has to be one of the most adventurous compositions Yes has ever recorded (and thats saying something when you consider their catalog).  Jon's vocal contributions to this album are minimal when compared to other Yes albums, but interesting, like the gorgeous acoustic piece on the tail end of the side-long epic &quot;Gates of Delerium&quot;.  &quot;To Be Over&quot; is a strange, unassuming and somewhat quiet conclusion, probably the most &quot;Yes&quot; like of any of the tracks, and almost seems a bit out of place on this album. (4-1/2 stars)
B000003N7G|5.0|I was in Graduate School when I bought this CD.  My mind was a block of stone. I couldn't think. I felt as though I had hit a brick wall. I was burned out and tired of the sleepless nights, endless rewrites, and thinking that my academic efforts weren't amounting to a hill of beans.<br />In comes John Coltrane. I read the liner notes as I listened to the music play. I read the poem, &quot;A Love Supreme&quot;. I came to realize that it, and I was going to be okay. I also realized that as the poem says, &quot;It Is All With God.&quot;  I realized that I was included in the &quot;All&quot;.<br />To say I was lifted to a new space, is putting it mildly.  I relaxed and got into the music. This CD is simply a masterpiece. I began to think again and churn out prolific documents.  I did so well, that I graduated with Honors. John Coltrane's music got me through it all.<br />Will everyone experience the same success by embracing &quot;A Love Supreme?&quot;  Probably not, as we are all on different levels of understanding, expectation, and exploration.(Which, by the way doesn't make any one person more profound than another.) However, if something can't be experienced in John's tenor sax, Tyner's piano, Jimmy's bass, or Elvin's percussions, something is truly amiss. <br />Even if a person doesn't dig the vibe..then so mote it be. But, that person must admit he/she felt something. He/She must admit to that certain something tugging, holding, aching, stroking, calling, avoiding, disliking, loving, loving, loving, yes..that something loving, like...&quot;A Love Supreme.&quot;<br />ONE WOMAN'S ADVICE: BUY THE CD if for no other reason than it is a Jazz Essential. One day, you might feel the need to be lifted to an alternative space, a spiritual place. In my opinion, Trane is the perfect guide to take you there. Guess that's why I made it my e-mail address..(Giggle).<br />Let's stop accepting medocrity as an artform; buy this CD and let your voice be heard.
B000004166|5.0|Grumiaux's Mozart is a winner.  He is not always THE BEST in all the violin concertos, but this one is the best and it is the ideal performance for Mozart.<br />As violin fans know, his style is very sophisticated: ideal trill and perfect vibrato.  Some may think it is non-human or cold, but I think it worked perfect in this Mozart Concertos.  His sophisticated style gives a sharp rendition to Mozart's &quot;can be too sweet&quot; music, which I should say Grumiaux is austere. Also his expression is beautiful, sensitive and strong. Simply breathtaking.<br />He is too perfect in every second of all the concerto on this disc.<br />I like Perlman/Levine mozart but sometimes for me it is bit too sweet and over-romanticized.<br />Buy this disc because it is the best recording available in such a bargain price.
B000001C6D|5.0|When I got ICON in 1994 from Vanessa Warwick at Headbanger's Ball Festival, Germany, and later listened to it, I could not really find an entrance to this gigantic artwork of Paradise Lost instantly or at once. In the beginning of my personal &quot;Icon-Experience&quot;, to my mind it sounded strange, unconventionally, uneasy to listen to and even more problematic to understand it's meaning and message - talking about both: the lyrics and the sound. But what goes for all great or major artwork - that the later by us most appreciated things, do not please us normally &quot;at first sight&quot; - also applies to Paradise Lost's ICON album: access to its very own idea, to its specific point of worldview, we might say, and to its &quot;sense&quot; can only be gained by opening oneself to it totally, by letting the music flow into our mind and soul, filling us totally, until we - eventually - become the music ourselves. This happened in my mind, and then I understood, then I have seen, and the words - both: the lyrical and the musical - became meaning to me, shaping, rendering and changing the emotional aspects of my spirit, and rewarding with a new, a different view of what (according to my own reality) is. In accordance to this, the Icon-experience can even be a &quot;religious&quot;, or better: a mystical, metaphysic experience to the one who listens carefully with his whole existence to this magnificent tunes, that swallow everything; it may also set free new horizons - like leaving one shore (which is the one of our average experience) and reaching another one (different, maybe &quot;higher&quot; in a way): the expansion and enlargement of our awareness and consciousness.  What can there be else to say about? Well, it's the first and only CD that I'd take on this &quot;lonely island&quot; - if I would have only one choice.
B000003FIQ|5.0|Actually I like Heifetz's Sibelius much better than his legendary famous Tchaikovsky. To me, his Tchaikovsky was too much of driving speed and lacking in lyricism needed for Tchaikovsky, and not tonally spot-on especially in the fast passages in the first movement of Tchaikovsky.<br />Ok ok, so here is Heifetz on Sibelius, I like his cool rendering which is totally excluding any nonsense. He sounds too fast at times, but you have to admit his unbelievably sharp edges. This is surely a great to have as one of many versions avaliable.<br />Personally on the Sibelius, I recommend ones by Cho-Liang Lin, David Oistrakh, Midori, Anne-Sophie Mutter as the best. But if you would like to hear something totally different, here is one by the master.<br />Also, this disc includes Prokofiev's Concerto No.2 and Glazunov's Concerto. Both are great. You can hear him being more eloquent and charming on Glazunov. 3 concertos in one, which makes this disc a bargain.  <br />It is great to go back to Heifetz once a while. Great Disc.
B0000028M7|5.0|Alice in Chains have created a masterpiece, this excellent CD hasn't left my CD player since 1994(I doubt it ever will).  I don't think this is as good as their self-titled but still a masterpiece.<br />Awesome Songs: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13<br />This CD is AWESOME! But then again, what AIC CD isn't? BUY THIS!
B00000IAU3|4.0|I ordered this CD with just the reviews in this column to go on. I had heard the song &quot;Here With Me&quot; on the show &quot;Roswell&quot; and had always been intrigued by who sang it.  Finally I started hearing it on the radio and found out it was an artist named Dido.  I listened to some samples of the other songs on the album and decided to go ahead and order it.  I'M SO GLAD THAT I DID.  This album quickly became my favorite to listen to in the car and at work.  Her enchanting voice captures you with it's first syllable and you won't quickly be let go.  The first few tracks are the best in my opinion.  Then as the album goes on I do think the later tracks are a bit weak, but her talent shows promise. I can't wait until she makes a new album. I'm interested to see in what direction she heads to next.  I encourage everyone to order it!
B000001F76|5.0|Should be called &quot;40 Great Songs&quot;.  His greatest hits? That's debatable.  Some are, some aren't.  But it's a good start to your collection.
0679879269|5.0|I bought this book the day after it came out and finished it yesterday.  Like its predecessors, it was a hard read--not so much in the language (though for a children's book the vocabulary level is wonderful), but many of the concepts are hard for me, a born and raised Christian, to digest.  I was very pleased with this book, as it tied up the many loose ends from the first two books into a wonderful, heart-wrenching conclusion.  My fear for this book was that it would lose the spark of the first two novels, and though it was more predictable in places, this is a very worthy follow-up to &quot;The Golden Compass&quot; and &quot;The Subtle Knife&quot;.  I strongly recommend this to anyone with an open mind and a desire to read one of those rare books that touches your mind and your soul.  Then lend me your copy...there's a list of seven people to borrow mine!
B000021XS0|5.0|I'll admit, I was sorta thinking, &quot;metal with talent..yea whatever?!&quot; But boy was I wrong, this is in my opinion The Who meets Pink Floyd meets John Williams/Paul McCartney. I personally find this CD to be one of the Greatest CDs(Right up there with Blizzard of OZ and Metallicas self-titled). If I could only have one CD for the rest of my (hopefully) logn life, this would be it. Not to mention my Mom even likes it.
B00004U5SC|5.0|&quot;Shane&quot; is one of the ten best movies I've ever seen, fourth after &quot;Forbidden Planet,&quot;  &quot;Superman:The Movie,&quot; and &quot;Captain Sinbad.&quot;   This movie's got something for everybody: a good fight for kids, romance for women, and the best duel ever for us guys!  The music is great--and if you listen carefully, you'll hear the beginning of the &quot;Batman&quot; theme near the end of the movie!--the photography is great, and everything else is great!   The promoters were right when they said, &quot;There will never be another western like &quot;Shane!&quot;   Come back, Shane!
B00004XONN|2.0|Dude, like, this album was totally wack. His Basslines are totally repetitive. You'd think he was doing the same song over and over again. Obviously this dude thinks hes Wyclef, Limp Bixkit, and eminem wrapped into one. Im here to tell you this , you deserve to be wrapped and mailed to an asylum if you buy this album...Look for me in other ratings...MB
B00004ZD69|5.0|I came across GYBE by accident one day while surfing the net, and am extremely glad I did.  I have both F#A# and this album and they're both incredible.  Each song starts out very calm and mellow w/ awesome guitar, violin and cello riffs but builds to a cacophony of harmonious sounds.  Great music for studying, chilling, or entertaining lady friends.  Hope you enjoy it.
B00004YW6I|5.0|Finally, we are blessed with someone talented enough to sum up the human experience with one shockingly universal cry, &quot;I can't believe life's so complex/when I just want to sit here and watch you undress.&quot; Anyone who is not brought to the hight of joy by the comic truth of that statement is either gravely ill or just needs to get out more.<br />The tone of that remark pervades this album, the deliciously hyper follow-up to 1998's solemn &quot;Is This Desire.&quot; Patti Smith must have licked her chops the first time she gave this record a listen, as she undoubtedly has by now. The punk rock freakout of an opener, &quot;Big Exit&quot; is as compelling as anything on her debut,  Dry, or the brilliant To Bring You My Love of 1995. Honestly, after the dour collection PJ Harvey brought to us in 1998, I didn't think she still had it in her.<br />But, man, does she ever! It doesn't stop there, track after track is electrified with frenzied vocals and fizzing guitar work, courtesy of Mick Harvey of the Bad Seeds. From &quot;Good Fortune&quot; to the explosion of a riff opening &quot;Beautiful Feeling&quot; to the aforementioned &quot;This is Love,&quot; it becomes violently obvious that PJ Harvey has every intention of sticking around for a long time to come.<br />But while the album rocks as a whole, the ballads, such as the oddly appealing acoustic song, &quot;Horses in my Dreams,&quot; and &quot;One Line&quot; designate PJ Harvey as one of the most talented songwriters of her generation, and I do not pay her that compliment lightly.<br />To call this album a must buy is like saying Bob Dylan is a decent songwriter. Enough said.
B000001FS3|5.0|Anyone who likes music will love this album. Whether you like rock, pop, metal, folk, country, classic rock, classical, or anything in between, this album will appeal to you. If you've never heard it before, you'll instantly become a fan of U2 when you do. That's what happened to me. One listen of this album, and I was a fan. A definite top five album of the 1980's and top 50 of all time.  For real, no-frills rock, &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; cannot steer you wrong. U2's best.
B00004YKUX|4.0|Well, here we go again, the Cash-Rubin experiment volume 3. It has proven extraordinarily successful thus far, garnering Johnny two consecutive &quot;Best Country Album&quot; grammy awards for the first two American Recordings albums.<br />I, perhaps like most other Cash fans, awaited this release with great anxiety, and while the album turned out to be a good one, I cannot say that I am entirely satisfied this time around.<br />One reviewer noted that Cash's voice is a bit thin throughout Solitary Man, and it's true. Whereas Cash blew the heck out of his vocal chords on Unchained's &quot;Spiritual,&quot; perhaps the best ballad of his nearly 50-year career, Cash's snarling, robust barritone just never quite realizes itself here.<br />This is most obvious on his blunted efforts to hit the high notes on &quot;Lucky Old Sun.&quot; It doesn't just sound like he has aged, we all do. And it doesn't just sound bad, it sounds like Cash's illness in recent years has taken more out of him than he cares to admit. Whiel recording another album in the midst of that illness seems ambitious, it surely does nothing to hide the truth. if anything, a listen to Solitary man confirms the press coverage that Cash habitually refutes.<br />The other noteable mishap on Solitary man is the sparse production. Rubin's stripped-bare production on the strictly acoustic 1994 American Recordings seemed entirely appropriate, but the rocking 1996 follow-up foreshadowed even greater musical horizons. Not so here. While the covers of petty's &quot;I Won't Back Down&quot; and Neil Diamond's &quot;Solitary Man&quot; are excellent folk renditions, they just beg fore a fuller soundscape than Rubin allows. The pianos, organs and fiddles chiming in on songs like Nick Cave's &quot;The Mercy Seat&quot; and the absolutely devastating &quot;Wayfaring Stranger&quot; are delicious, but only serve to highlight the missed opportunities on the spate of raw tracks that dominates the album.<br />Besides the aboved mentioned folk tunes, Cash's cover of U2's superb ballad, &quot;One&quot; is great, but the adventure ride Rubin took with Tom petty and Mike Campbell on 1996's Unchained is unfortunately AWOL throughout Solitary Man.<br />Nonetheless, we should probably be counting our lucky stars for another release from the man in black. The press wastes no time in painting Johnny Cash's health condition every shade of bleak, and it really sounded like Cash's career had come to a halt. Solitary Man might be a good album of as much worth as its predecessors, but I would not go so far as to label it an obligatory purchase.d mentioned folk tunes, Cash's cover of U2's superb ballad, &quot;One&quot; is great, but the adventure ride Rubin took with Tom petty and Mike Campbell on 1996's Unchained is unfortunately AWOL throughout Solitary Man. <br />Nonetheless, we should probably be counting our lucky stars for another release from the man in black. The press wastes no time in painting Johnny Cash's health condition every shade of bleak, and it really sounded like Cash's career had come to a halt. Solitary Man might be a good album of as much worth as its predecessors, but I would not go so far as to label it an obligatory purchase.
B00004XONN|1.0|da bodo Radiohead zali v slepo ulico elektronike.Na albumu Kid A je ostalo bore malo tistega, kar so uspeli priarati na OK Computer. Viek potegavscine pa je zadnji komad, ki premore pet minut tiine . . . za koga le se spraujem? Sorry...e so bila potrebna tri leta za takno stvaritev, je bolje da se e danes upokojijo.
044022165X|5.0|Grisham added a lot more humor to this book than his others.  Had my attention every minute.  Development of characters was very strong in this book.  Thought the main character, Rudy, was very strong with a great first name.
B00005176F|5.0|It is difficult if not impossible to find a current band that has evolved so far and so well as Blur. Unfortunately that same quality of growth has obscured the number of big song that pop fans can associate with them.<br />In their early days, they seemed just another synthpop band, but with a wittier sensibility. Consider the chorus of &quot;Boys &amp; Girls&quot;: 'Girls who are boys /Who like boys to be girls /Who do boys like they're girls /Who do girls like they're boys /Always should be someone you really love'<br />Ohhh! THAT song. You've probably heard it but not connected it with this band. Here's another lyric recognize from umpteen commercials and soundtracks:<br />&quot;Woo-hoo!&quot;<br />That's 'Song 2', so named because it was originally the second track on the album.<br />Blur are a throwback to the Kinks and the Beatles. A band that can mix mild social commentary, like Country House or Charmless Man, with ballads like Tender, or straight out rockers like Song 2.<br />Buy this CD and it will spend a lot of time in your player.
B00003CXDF|4.0|Tom Cruise returns as the IMF's top man Ethan Hunt, ready do battle against the bad guy, save the world and still have time to snog the face off his girl.<br />Dougray Scott is former IMF man gone bad who decides to earn a little cash by selling an experimental virus to the highest bidder.  Thandie Newton (worth entire price of admission) is an expert thief and Scott's former lover, drafted in to spy on her psychotic ex.  And that's pretty much it; a simple plot for a simple movie.  <br />All remnants of the origonal series (bar the various makeovers) have been completely swept under the carpet to make way for big guns, big explosions and VERY big stunts (Hunt's idea of relaxing vacation will leave your heart pounding and your knuckles pale).  Cruise, inspite of many costume changes, even ends up all in black and sporting a nifty pair of shades. This is typical John Woo, and it is him at his best.  The fight scenes and gun fights are fun, the set pieces are spectacular and motorbike chase will leave you drooling.  <br />If you're expecting intrigue and suspense then I suggest you look elsewhere, this is a fun night in with beer and buds!
B0000507UD|5.0|This CD is GR8 if u r a fan buy the LIMITED EDITION with the rollin remix feat DMX, METHOD MAN &amp; REDMAN
0792840461|1.0|After seeing the new Thomas Crown Affair in the theatre, I was pumped. It had me going from beginning to end. I figured since remakes tend to be worse then the original they are based on, the original Thomas Crown would be absolutly brilliant. Boy was I wrong. The only thing it had going for it was the experimantal camera work and the constant 60's pop culture split screening that made it feel like an episode of Love American Style, just not a funny. I was bored to tears and found myself fast forwarding through the tedious music montages. The bank heist was drab, at least compared to what our short attention span, MTV directors give us, and McQueen and Dunaway play to each other like a pair of dead fish. There is no eroticism and the famous chess scene made me feel dirty.  Take my advice. See the new one. It's sleek and well paced. Don't listen to your parents who haven't seen this movie since it came out in the theater. Or watch it with them and hear them say, &quot;You're right. That movie sucks. What was I thinking.&quot; It's like Who's the Boss. We remember it as being a great show, but watch it now and you will see the light.
6304708491|5.0|Okay, turn off your brain and buy this ticket to a very fun ride.  It made a Beatles fan of me (I'm 21)and I loved seeing all the lame and funny gags before either Monty Python or Peter Sellers got hold of them.  The Fab Four were gloriously homely and utterly cute as the stumbled, deadpanned and goofed their way through this extremely silly film.  And just when you're gasping from trying to groan and laugh at the same time, a beautiful song comes to save the day.  All the stars in the sky to this one.
B000002OX7|5.0|If someone asked me to define rock and roll in less than 1 minute, I would play them Roger Daltrey's scream at the end of &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; and right up to the ending of the song. That scream is the most perfect moment in the history of rock. No one else has ever come even close.
0553108034|3.0|After reading \\"A Game Of Thrones\\" (this book's predecessor) I expected \\"A Clash of Kings\\" to be the same sort of page-turner, but it wasn't. The first book truly \\"unfolded\\" before my eyes, and introduced the world and its inhabitants to me in a very intriguing way.<br /><br />In contrast, I found this to move a lot slower and the overwhelming number of characters introduced became confusing through many parts of the book. There was so much information about such a large number of characters that it was often hard to figure out who was doing what to whom and why - I wish there were a chart or something, showing the relationships. It was as though I was being force-fed character development information and background info in preparation for a test the next morning.<br /><br />I also read book 3 and, good news, it is much better and moves well like the first one.
B00003CWL6|3.0|Although American Beauty is a terrific film, I am giving this DVD 3 stars because of annoying technical problems and the overall feeling that this disc was put together rushed and incomplete.  These problems were confirmed on 3 different DVD players.  I know this isn't a &quot;special edition&quot;, but still, there could have been more to this release.  The graphics work on the box and the disc itself is simple, nothing to get excited over.  There is no booklet included, just a simple pamphlet with an introduction by the director.  As for the film itself, I think it's wonderful, with excellent characters portrayed by great actors.  OK, so, when I popped the DVD into my player, I was greeted by a screen asking me to pick the audio I prefer.  Where is the MAIN menu?  Where is the choice for 2 channel Dolby?  Anyway, I chose 5.1 channel.  It then went through the Dreamworks logo and THEN it went to the main menu.  Huh?  The main menu now gave you the choice of 2 channel Dolby.  I was confused.  Was this a problem with the disc?  Did the producers want it this way?  Personally, when I put a DVD in my player, I want to be greeted by the MAIN menu.  OK, enough of that.  As for the picture quality, the widescreen image is excellent.  Colors are vibrant throughout the film, and the excellent cinematography is beautiful to watch.  However, I noticed during the first 8 minutes of the film, that the extreme left side of the frame was dirty.  Black spots were noticeable during this period.  This is probably not due to the DVD transfer, but it is a problem with the films negative.  (Am I being too technical?)  If this WAS a problem during the DVD transfer, I hope this will be fixed.  The sound was quite pleasing.  The music and dialogue were recorded beautifully.  The DVD is not an amazing sound experience to test your home system with, but overall, the sound is pristine with beautiful atmosphere and crisp. clean dialogue.  The musical score sounded amazing.  The supplemental material is less then thrilling.  It includes 2 trailers, audio commentary by the dirrector and writer, cast and crew info and production notes.  The DVD has audio commentary during a storyboard sequence by the director and cinematographer.  This storyboard sequence was disappointing because it was a bunch of static pictures with voice-overs, not a video sequence.  It got boring rather quickly.  The DVD does have some behind the scenes footage and interviews in a segment called &quot;American Beauty, A Closer Look.&quot; (not much behind the scenes footage, but some...I would liked to have seen more.) The DVD also contains CD-ROM material for your PC.  In conclusion, I would recommend this DVD only if you enjoyed the film in the theater, or if you've seen it and want to rent it.  If you are looking for a DVD packed with tons of extras, I'd wait for a &quot;special edition&quot; of this film, hopefully containing tons of extras like deleted scenes, more behind the scenes footage, voice-overs by cast members, interviews, etc.  The film itself is wonderful, but this DVD is rather &quot;ordinary.&quot;
6305594252|5.0|I saw this movie on HBO or whatever, the movie is awsome, however, I did not buy a big screen tv to watch half a screen, this movie is great but almost all the movies available on DVD are widescreen, I will not buy a movie in this format!
0399146253|2.0|I was sooooooooooo anxiously awaiting the latest Cornwell novel, but unfortunately disapointed by the storyline ! It was confusing, flat and not a smooth storyline. I felt it lacked the mistery and surprising turn of events that Cornwell is so well known for. Hopefully I will make amends on the following novel, or else it would confirm that she has gotten to do this for fame and fortune and no longer out of passion like her novels prior to this one. Should you be a first time reader of Cornwell - start with the Body Farm or the Hornet's Nest to really see her shine !!!
0783243499|1.0|The only thing good about this movie is that it wasn't long enough to waste two hours of my life, just 1.5.  It just goes on and on, and about halfway through it stops making sense.  Hollywood physics runs rampant through this movie.  As well, it has the bumbling Hollywood police who apparently never do anything right except die as quickly as possible.  Beyond that, the main character just drones on and on about bad 80's music.  To put it simply, its not even remotely scary, it does NOT make you think about anything except why am I watching this, and the only people who would laugh at this are complete idiots.  You should want better.  Thank you
B00003CWMI|5.0|Bicentennial Man, in my opinion, is one of the best comedy-dramas of all times: the story is beatiful and well-thought, and the acting skills of Stephen Root (Office Space), Oliver Platt (Simon Birch) and the great Robin Williams (Mrs. Doubtfire) add even more charm to the film. In the movie, Williams plays a robot named Andrew Martin who's sole wish is to become human. When he is welcomed into the Martin family as an android, they soon discover that he has special skills and feelings he is not programmed to do, and he is no longer considered just a robot... but a family member. But as Andrew must learn to deal with the fact that he has eternity ahead of him and the people he comes to love are soon going to pass away, he becomes more and more motivated to become a complete man, and marry the woman he loves, Portschia. The film is thought-provoking, tear-jerking, and completely enjoyable... what else could you ask for from a movie? Bicentennial Man is a must-see!
B00004YKUX|3.0|Sorry to say, but Cash's voice is terminally flat in this album. The music is not really all it could be. On one hand, I'm glad he's still making music, on the other, maybe it's quittin' time --for a while.<br />Better cd's in the last few years to spend your money  on: &quot;American Recordings&quot; and &quot;Unchained&quot;...
B00000J2KT|5.0|Great writing, acting, directing and editing make this Vietnam epic IMHO, the curve setter of the genre, as well as one of the best war movies ever.  The film overflows with memorable cinematic &quot;moments&quot;; witty throw off lines (particularly those ad libbed by drill sergeant turned actor Lee Ermey)and a quirky, high voltage tension.  Best of all, director Stanley Kubrick tells his story without the usual &quot;Vietnam&quot; pontifications and guilt mongering.  Wow!
0515127485|5.0|A chilling story set in Russia, where support for the Communist Party remains widespread.  Mixes an intimate knowledge of history with an eye for detail and a great story.
B000002UJQ|5.0|In OK Computer, Radiohead has created a sonic masterpiece.  The soundscape is so dense and rich that it creates an almost otherworldly sound. Songs like &quot;Airbag&quot;, &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;, &quot;Karma Police&quot; and &quot;Climbing Up The Walls&quot; are the best examples of the brilliance of the band.  This album is deep and complex both lyrically and musically and is worthy of all the praise that has been heaped on it.  A true musical gem.
079284632X|3.0|I can't really &quot;recommend&quot; this film since it truly depressed me beyond description.  But could it have had such a profound effect on me if there weren't some real skill involved in making it?  I wouldn't see this--EVER--if you're weak of heart but it has certain qualities that make it noteworthy.  The acting isn't all that great--no one here was ever seen again except the bumbling deputy--but it's not all that bad, either.  And the brutality is so naked and raw, that you sometimes feel you're watching a snuff film.  The cheap film stock only adds to that feeling--a feeling I never want to experience again.
B000002BPS|5.0|This is the best Offspring disc, bottom line. Every song has lyrics that actualy mean somthing. You'll be singing along and head-banging at the same time, somthing that is hard to do. Buy now and thank me later. Chill.
B000003B6J|5.0|There's a lot of controversial ideas on this record but, whatever you think about the views these guys are expressing, this is incredibly powerful stuff.  The first time I heard the title track reminded me of the first time I heard &quot;God Save the Queen&quot; by The Sex Pistols--I was completely floored.  The rest of the tracks are very powerful, too, particularly when Ice Cube is belting away.  He's really the main reason I like this album so much, I think.  Without him, the group never really did anything for me.  With him, however, they created one hell of a debut.
B00003CX8J|4.0|The tomboy in me, the part that read the comic books and watched the cartoon for years, was waiting for this movie.  That same part could easily have been disappointed with a movie about a comic strip so dear to my childhood memories.  However, I am not disappointed.  I am excited.  I admit that this movie was more of an introductory movie.  That excites me too... I can't wait to see the coming films.  I'm thrilled by this movie because it focused on some of those characters who did not get as much attention, like Rogue (played by the wonderful Anna Paquin) and Wolverine (played by the relatively new face Hugh Jackman).  The overplayed Cyclops, Jean Gray and Professor X are mostly in the background, and might get more play in the next movie.  My only problem right now is where my other favorite, yet under appreciated, characters are and when they will appear.  Hey, Gambit and Jubilee... I'm waitin' on you.  Watch it, and be excited for what's to come.
B00003CWTI|5.0|The best film of 1999 and one of the best films of the year. A superb and continuously engaging and compelling mosaic of the lives of sinners, and those suffering for the sins of others. A must-see for any true fan of great films.
B00004XONN|2.0|Talk about a disappointment.  After having &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;Ok Computer&quot; permanently installed in my CD player for the past few years, I was eagerly awaiting the next release.  What I found--wandering, aimless techno-noise, minutes of near-silence, backwards-sounding vocals derivative of the Stone Roses first album from 10 years ago--made me want to run to the nearest used CD store to turn it in.  I am completely astounded by the critical ravings.  Maybe I'm just not cool enough for this stuff anymore.  I don't care.  It bored me senseless.
6305657947|5.0|Excellent acting, directing, and cinematography.  Amazing twists and turns.  Thomas Crown is the man us business yuppies always aspire to be, sharp, good looking, over confident, and rich.   This DVD and the soundtrack are a must in your collection.  Bill Conti's music is jazzie and classical.  BUY BUY BUY!
0452281881|5.0|I never buy new fiction, but I happened upon this one and read just the first few pages.  I laughed out loud in the middle of the store!  I'm not even finished reading it, and it's one of the funniest things i've ever read.  Working in corporate America (well, whether it be America, the UK, wherever), I totally understand these emails!  Buy this book!
B000002IR9|5.0|A fairly swell collection of duets between Otis and Carla. They  fit together like, well, King and Queen. If you like the Stax/Memphis sound and Otis Redding and/or Carla Thomas, you  can't go wrong on this one. Their version of Eddie Floyd's &quot;Knock on Wood&quot; is an absolute classic. Great Album. Buy it before it goes out of print!
0679879269|5.0|Hello,<br />   This is a great book if you read as it is intended to be, a literary work. However, there will be debates for years to come about it's &quot;Christian themes&quot;. I am a Christian and a devout one at that. However, I support all literature and I am against banning of any book. For all those right wing Christians who believe this book should be banned, let me say this. If we ban this book, we might as well ban the bible, for that is what will happen. Please do not infer any deep religious connection to this book. Read it for what it is, a retelling of Milton's paradise lost. Hopefully, Pullman will continue the series and write something on Milton's pardise regained. In any case, this book is a way to examine your beliefs. I have read it and my beliefs have been strenghted do to there examination. Thanks
0446310786|5.0|When I hear the word &quot;classic,&quot; I almost always think about &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird.&quot;  Even after reading the novel ten times, I find something new and exciting within its pages.  Scout Finch is an audacious six year old who grows up during &quot;Mockingbird.&quot;  She and her brother Jem and their neighbor friend Dill spend their time play-acting and bugging the neighborhood.  When their father, Atticus, becomes lawyer for an unwinnable case defending a black man, their lives do a flip-dee-flop.  Harper Lee tells an engrossingly wonderful and heartfelt story that every American should read at least two times!
B00003CXE7|5.0|An amazing movie with awesome cinematography and incredible battle scenes.  But, unlike many other action movies, does not lack in plot.  Russel Crowe does a magnificent job, as does Joaquin Phoenix(brother of River)in the role of Commodus.  Now that we are on the subject of Commodus, this movie is somewhat historically accurate, seeing as Commodus actually fought in gladiatorial battles claiming over one thousand victories in his lifetime, and was planning on moving into the gladiatorial barracks prior to his assassination at the hands of his family, though not Lucilla.  Lucilla had tried to have him assassinated, but he figured it out, and had her put to death.  But, this movie rocks, so, I encourage you to buy it.  And the soundtrack.  Very Sweet.  <br />UT VINCERE AUT MORI. -Gladiator motto (Either conquer or die.)
0783241569|5.0|This is a lovely fairy tale, and best of all, one that could (maybe!) just possibly come true! The story itself is nothing very new. Rich sophisticated lost girl meets poor but innocent boy, is charmed by his simplicity and difference from the rest of the wolves, some misunderstandings and then all is resolved. The charm of the movie lies in the stars and in innumerable little touches. Julia Roberts as Anna Scott is breathtaking. She can be a regal star one moment and a regular girl the next as she trespasses into a private garden or studies her lines on the terrace. She actually manages to make you feel sorry for her way of life; suddenly you begin to think that the glamour may not really compensate for the endless glare of publicity and the everlasting pressure to be beautiful. One line of hers always grabs me, when she tells Grant &quot;..I'm just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her..&quot;. For my money, Julia holds the movie together but then, I am a fan of hers. I must say that all my female friends melted into a puddle over Hugh Grant's little lost boy mannerisms. The said mannerisms actually annoy me, but the understated British humor is neat and subtle. The supporting characters depicted are also everyday people with their quirks and twists and they give the movie a strong foundation. As for Spike, the incorrigible flatmate, he is simply mind blowing (would you believe he is actually a professor in real life?). All in all, a move that you can see more than once, preferably with a special someone. At the end, an uneasy question arises: so far so good but would this really last? Well fortunately for fairy tales, the movie ends at the right point! Highly recommended, don't miss this one.
B00004XMVL|4.0|I thought Pitch Black was an excellent scifi thriller that kept you on the edge of  your seats.  I would've given it 5 stars but they added a little twist at the end which i didn't care for too much.  If you liked Starship Troopers then you'll love this movie.  Overall it was entertaining and suspensful.  Totally recomend it.
0060923989|2.0|This is the story of Miss Jean Brodie, an eccentric Edinburgh schoolteacher, and her special relationship with several of her students.  Rather than school her students in the mundane disciplines that the school requires, Miss Jean Brodie regales them with stories from her own life, instructs them in what she believes to be the finer points in life and tops it off with a laudatory recommendation of  Fascism.<br />I hated Miss Brodie and this book.  She is the worst product of Modern Times, a romantic in the sense that she elevates the personal above the universal.  The only saving grace is that she is brought low by her adherence to that prototype doctrine of the Romantic; her fascism ultimately leads to her dismissal.<br />Grade: D
B00004XONN|5.0|Quite possibly the greatest album ever made. KID A has changed the value of music and in my opinion a title worth listening to and studying. It's social commentary on isolation and industialization is not only profound but equally moving and identifiable.
0316926345|3.0|I very much wanted to like this book, but didn't.  Waugh is one of a group of conservative, mostly-Catholic, British writers (Anthony Powell, T.S. Eliot, C.S. Lewis, Graham Greene) who have defied the conventional wisdom of the time they wrote &amp; have outlasted the much more numerous contemporary writers of the Left.  And I loved his book Scoop.<br />Brideshead tells the story of Charles Ryder and his infatuation with the dysfunctional, upperclass, Roman Catholic, Marchmain Family in the years between the Wars.  The characters are too effete and indolent to sustain our interest, until the rather more interesting conclusion--wherein most of the Marchmain clan have their own religious epiphanies--which nearly redeems the book. I'd call this one a near miss, but better than most.<br />GRADE:  C
0380973464|5.0|Tackling any book of 900+ pages is an effort... but when it's of the exceptional quality of Cryptonomicon, it's an effort to be enjoyed. I can't praise this book enough - part historical fiction, part hacker epic, you'll find yourself wrapped up in the not-so-implausible world that Stephenson creates.<br />Employees at dot coms will love his boilerplate business plan - so accurate it's almost eerie. Hackers will love his in-depth explanations of phreaking, data havens, and cryptanalysis. History buffs will love his attention to detail, his weaving of multiple WWII plot lines (Enigma, Bletchley Park, sub warfare, the battle in the pacific) and his ability to connect the past with the present. In short, there's something for everyone.<br />Reading Cryptonomicon was, for me, much like reading Stephen King's The Stand. It's an epic tale with almost too much to digest in one reading. The characters are real, you'll find yourself identifying closely with at least one of the characters, and you'll connect to the story in a very personal way.<br />To really enjoy the book, you'll need to embrace Stephenson's sometimes wandering eye... what seems like a digression (and the digressions may end up taking 40-50 pages) really is relevant, and the rides are often quite fun. Stephenson has a gift for making extraordinarily complex science and math digestible for laypeople, but you will have to pay attention. There's little here that can be ignored, or you'll find yourself skipping back a chapter or two to fill in a whole.<br />Apparently this book was close to twice as long when originally submitted, and Stephenson &quot;ripped&quot; much of it out in the interest of &quot;brevity&quot;. (!) Fortunately for us, that means that the sequel/prequel can't be too far behind.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I'm not big fan of combining rock with rap, but still there are two bands who succeded in it. I mean Bloodhound Gang and Limb Bizkit. I didn't hear &quot;Significant Order&quot; before buying &quot;Chocolate Starfish&quot; and so I was a bit pessimistic about Limb Bizkit. Well, I was wrong - their music is fresh and powerful. Someone said that Fred Durst is not Trent Reznor, but hey, there are times that you just WANT to hear something not so serious and intellegent as FRAGILE or THE DOWNWARD SPIRAL!<br />And if you will be tired of &quot;brainless&quot; Limb Bizkit songs, you can always go for &quot;Kid A&quot; by Radiohead. Works fine for me :-)
B00003CXDF|1.0|After I heard that John Woo was going to be making Mission Impossible 2. I new that it would be all action and no plot. Boy was I right and everyone else out there who predicted the same. I understand that movies are here for us to enjoy. But I predicted 98% of this film. The chase on the mountain with the car was ok but the motorcycle chase was totally unbelievable. Cruise is not at all believeable enough, to be able to flip a gun up in the air from the sand with his foot like he did at the end. I did not enjoy this film from the begining. The acting was cheap and bad. Only Anthony Hopkins was good. The sound and special effects were also bad. Grade:D+
6305263248|5.0|This is a wonderful film.  The funny thing is, I agree with a a lot of the &quot;negative&quot; things said about the film: the car chases are overdone and not at all the best parts of the film, Jean Reno is a wonderful actor and deserved a more substantial presence, and the movie's withholding-of-information gimmick is more annoying than cute.  However, that said, I still think it's a wonderful film.  The cast is uniformly excellent, particularly Robert De Niro himself, whose incredible talent and presence is finally showcased to some measure of justice (although in general, I continue to be depressed by his other sub-par projects, like Meet the Parents, but I digress).  The story is wonderful and sharp...the endless chess games and betrayals lend it a gritty, realistic feel that has won me over to spy movies in a way I didn't think could happen (the Bond series and Mission Impossible, the closest Hollywood parallels, are just plain intelligence-insulting).  This is a thinking man's Bond film, and I truly hope we can get more, especially with the same cast and characters (or most, anyway).
B00004XOWM|2.0|Durst's ego has embarased everyone in the rock communtiy and is destroying the future of his talented band.  Limp's past two albums had both great music and good vocals but on starfish Durst's lyrics are laughable at best.  Fred what the hell happened to you.  You gone from a great frontman to a wannabe, rapper.  No thought at all is put into freds lyrics and the course of HOT DOG is about a dumb as fred can get.  Musically the albumn is great as Wes and co, crank out great tunes only to ruined by freds, cristina aguleria due, macho, total lack of talent lyrics.  I hope limb break up and Wes and Co. find a real frontman.  FRED RUINED LIMP BIZKIT!
078062999X|5.0|What can I say, the unabrdged text, it runs a cool 3.5 hours.  And when Kenneth Brannagh speaks I actually get it!  Sets and costumes are both very powerful, lots of color and texture.  The only Shakespeare movie I've seen which actually moved me to tears...Although I think it may have happened in Kenneth's Henry V too, come to think of it.   Billy Crystal as the  gravedigger is terrific, playful casting, and Kate Winslet's ethereal beauty makes a very effective Ophelia.  Good-night sweet prince, indeed.
B00004U5SC|5.0|I didn't grow up a fan of westerns; it was a long time before I would watch one. &quot;High Noon&quot; in college film class changed my mind. I could see the promise in the genre. I still am not a western fan per se, but I've seen a lot more since film class. After &quot;High Noon&quot;, I would pick &quot;Shane&quot; as being an example of what a great film (western or otherwise) is. The quiet dignity of Alan Ladd as the stranger, Shane, is a testament to the 1950's hero who proves that courage is not always necessarily displayed by pugilism or gun fighting; it is also the ability to walk away from a fight if nothing can be won from it. Shane defends a squatter family that is being forcibly coerced to leave by a group of ruffians. The family takes Shane in, and he repays their kindness by helping with the heavy chores. Yet, Shane is no stranger to violence, as evidenced by the skittish, paranoid manner he displays in the beginning of the film. After the family patriarch and Shane are forced into fisticuffs by the extortionists, and the ruffians lose the first round, they call in a Northern gunslinger (Jack Palance) to finish the dirty dealings. Shane and the other squatters must now face their greatest challenge.  This movie will hold your attention throughout. From beginning to end, the character of Shane remains clouded in mystery. Yet we know that in the face of unbearable odds, the man remains honorable, strong and heroic, quietly going about his job. The ultimate role-model movie. Great Technicolor and score as well!
B00004XONN|5.0|When you listen to Radiohead, you need to put on a new set of ears. Don't think about it being out of tune, or too loud, or the lyrics being to incomprehensible. Just take it in. This album is like nothing I've ever heard in my life. The courage to release a CD so original, so different from anything else, earns 5 stars by itself. But the music on this CD is fabulous--the melodies, harmonies, and sounds Radiohead creates are beautiful. Buy it, and sit down and listen to the whole thing in order, and just take it in.
6303109950|5.0|As somewhat of a film buff, I know the films I like, and the films I don't... certain genre's run me cold; western's being one of them.. that was until I saw this.  I bought it because I'm collecting all the Val Kilmer films and of course everyone raved at how good it was.  As I said I don't like westerns, but gave it the benefit of the doubt... and I have to say that it goes way beyond your average shoot-out.  Kurt Russell plays a brilliant Wyatt, but Val steals the show with his portrayal of Doc Holliday, a man dying of TB, but with dignity.  Even though he was dying he still stayed loyal to his friend to the end.<br />Once you get over the initial shock of nearly every man with a moustache you start to enjoy the actual film.  Granted there are a few continuity errors but what film doesn't have those..<br />It had an all-star cast to support these two hollywood giants.. Michael Biehn who played Johnny Ringo was excellent, as were the likes of Sam Elliot and Stephen Lang (The Hard Way, Guilty as Sin).. and of course the two Titanic guys, Bill Paxton and Billy Zane..Bill Paxton has been in so much and yet he never seems to get the recognition he deserves.<br />A last comment : A definite must see..
B00004XONN|5.0|When you listen to Radiohead, you need to put on a new set of ears. Don't think about it being out of tune, or too loud, or the lyrics being to incomprehensible. Just take it in. This album is like nothing I've ever heard in my life. The courage to release a CD so original, so different from anything else, earns 5 stars by itself. But the music on this CD is fabulous--the melodies, harmonies, and sounds Radiohead creates are beautiful. Buy it, and sit down and listen to the whole thing in order, and just take it in.
0393316041|4.0|Dr. Feynman is definitely someone who I would have liked to have had for a teacher and as a friend. His unique vision of the world, and his proprensity for practical joke playing as a means to teach others are right up my alley. This was one of the smartest people who ever lived, because intelligence lies not just in the ability to do something like physics well, but in the ability to convey how interesting it is to students, to encourage others, to solve problems, and do all of this with a sense of humor. Howard Gardner talks a lot about multiple intelligences. This was a man who was larger than life, and displayed more intelligences in one person than he actually had a right too! It is too bad that he wasn't appreciated in life as he has been after his death. In science sections of bookstores you can see how popular his writings and information about him has become.<br />The book is given a four mainly because the format is dry. It does not detract from the subject matter, at least not in my view. Were that more scientists were able to view their lives and their work with a sense of humor. Another thing, is that Feynman was courageous enough to stand up to others when he knew something was wrong. A truely admirable man, in spite of his flaws. ...
B00004XOWM|5.0|It seems that some of the other reviewers just didn't understand this LP, but I think anyone who is a real Limp Bizkit fan will really appreciate this album.  I have been there from the beginning and think this is definitely their best output.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I must say that this movie is just amazing.  Words alone can't describe it, but I'll try.  The perfromances are stellar all around.  You feel like you know at least one of the characters and that maybe that is your dad, or maybe you had/have a friend like that in high school.  I know the first time I saw it I said &quot;I 'know' that person.  The plot is so simple and yet complex at the same time.  The people start off one dimensional but by the end they have evolved and turned 180 degrees, but I don't really want to go on about the movie.  I want to talk about the disc.<br />The two previews are great.  After watching them I felt like playing the Who.  The narrations are really top notch.  I do wish one or two of the actors (Kevin Spacey and Annette Benning) were on it but at least we got Alan Ball to talk about his script, as well as the director.  The little documentary was cool too.  I do wish there was more but, we still got plenty on this disc.
6305627401|3.0|South Park is smarter than most people give it credit for. The idea of doing a `shocking' movie about the controversy caused by a `shocking' movie is pretty sharp, and the attacks on crazy moralists like the PMRC are right on. Any movie where Satan is a heroic figure has got to worth the effort, but I'm not sure you need a DVD version, I mean, hey, it's only a cartoon....
6304983778|5.0|Anyone who loves the magic in Christmas will love Santa Claus the movie.  My tape is so wore out from constant use by my kids and their cousins that I need another copy.  Anyone who gives this movie a bad review has obviously lost touch with their inner child.  They should be called a grinch .  Obviously their hearts need to grow a lot bigger.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This album is excellent and a natural evolution for Limp Bizkit. The hard core rock riffs (check out Full Nelson and Boiler!)are still there, but are intermixed throughout with some great melodies (The One and Take a Look Around) and memorable hooks. &quot;Hold On&quot; is Durst as Crosby Stills Nash and Young for the mosh pit. I loved this record and enjoy it more each time I listen to it!
B00003CWLF|5.0|(....) really doesn't mention all the extra &quot;goodies&quot; that they've encluded in this Special Edition of Anna and the King, so I was thrilled to discover a good two hours of behind-the-scenes features, a trailor, music video, and more! The DVD quality is excellent, very sharp and clear, with a very well-done enter-menu feature, and deleted scenes, including an extention of the &quot;White Elephant&quot; sequence, and the &quot;Prologue&quot; and &quot;Epilogue&quot; scenes. The six featurettes are pretty repetative - if you've seen one, you've seen them all, but the interviews with Foster and Yun-Fat are pretty darn cool. All in all, a wonderful DVD from Fox... and an excellent film. If you enjoy epic romances, simple tales made exceptional by breathing romance and a passionate, gorgeous backdrop, with sets made perfect down to the tiniest detail, a film that will make you laugh, and make you cry... Anna and the King is it! The movie of the year! Don't miss it... and don't miss this edition!
6305897786|2.0|The Ninth Gate has a simple and intriguing premise. A rare book dealer (Johnny Depp) has been hired by a wealthy collector of occult books to authenticate a book lore has it that was co-authored by Satan himself.<br /><br />Director Roman Polanski is obviously aware of the usual histrionics that go into films having anything whatsoever to do with matters of the occult, and instead goes for the opposite effect. He focuses on the detective work that Depp does in finding out more information on the book, and on other copies of the book whose owners Depp visits in the course of his research. Unfortunately, little else happens for about 2 hours. Oh, hardcore bibliophiles will love it; I can't recall another film that dwelt with such focus on the subject of rare books. But considering the weight of the subject -- the book may have been co-written by SATAN -- it seems to plod along to the point of driving the viewer to distraction.<br /> The final 30 minutes gets a little livelier, but the film has about 4 endings piled atop one another, with a confusing, weirdly open-ended final image that doesn't explain anything.<br /> This might be worth renting, but be warned that it's a fairly frustrating viewing experience all around.
B00004R99M|5.0|I am a huge fan of Disney movies, and this is, by far, my favorite. Every time I watch it, I get a wonderful, happy, child-like, magical, goose-pimply feeling. Wouldn't it be wonderful to have a nanny like Mary Poppins!! Now that I have a child of my own, I CANNOT WAIT to introduce this movie to him. I'm a firm believer in reading to your children. My son is not 2 yet, and I have constantly read to him since he was an infant, but...this is one time where he'll see the movie before having the book(s) read to him. I've introduced this move to a nephew and a cousin and they were mesmerized. It made me enjoy the movie even more, watching it through their eyes. The songs are EXCELLENT. Dick Van Dyke is AMAZING (also check him out in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang) and Julie Andrews is at her BEST (along w/The Sound of Music). This is the magic of Disney at its best. (Other greats: Cinderella, Aladdin, Toy Story I &amp; II).
B0000025C0|4.0|While others have tried to compare this album's success and &quot;content quality&quot; with that of their debut album, I think that may be an unfair comparison.   They're uniquely different efforts.  Keep in mind that during the making of &quot;DLB&quot;, Scholz was being pressured by Epic Records for a speedy follow-up to the first album.   Unlike the first album though, in order to meet contract deadlines Scholz had to submit material that wasn't up to his personal standards and he has admitted that the &quot;Ouch Factor&quot; on this one was nearly off the scale regarding what he gave Epic.   Still, through all of that, &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; is pure Boston in overdrive.  If you notice the first and last track titles, you get the message of this album:  Don't Look Back and Don't Be Afraid (perhaps a reference to Scholz's passion to keep the music honest despite the impatience and greed of record company execs).  Scholz has been accused of using technology to cover a perceived lack of artistry.  On the contrary.   He does a wonderful job of melding them.   From the opening bars, this one comes out swinging, shifts to the reflective side in the middle, then pushes you to the finish line at the end.   My personal faves are the title track, &quot;Don't Be Afraid&quot;, &quot;Used To Bad News&quot;, and &quot;A Man I'll Never Be&quot; which some have argued to be Boston's finest moment.   And although they may not admit it, what garage guitarist worth his/her salt hasn't tried to duplicate some of those solos?   If you're a new Boston fan you'll enjoy this album.  If you're an old one like me you'll still get a charge out of it 20-plus years after you first heard it.
B000002UCQ|5.0|All Things Must Pass has now been remastered. It will be released on 21st November, with five bonus tracks, one of theme formerly unreleased, &quot;I Live For You&quot;
B00004XOWM|1.0|I have not personaly heard this album, but I do know this. How does a band like this make it. The guitar player Wes has a signature model 7 string guitar, with his name on it! Does he really need seven strings to play this stuff. And then there is Fred, just what we need today for kids to look up to, someone that thinks if you curse alot and ware your hat on backwards you will earn respect. Take bands like Creed, Godsmack, Disturbed, Papa Roach, Staind, they put out far better music across the board with out all of the name calling and so on. A note to Fred: I hope you are saving all your money you will need it when this rap/metal phase is over (hopfully soon). It may not be all Limp Bizkit's fault, some of the blame needs to be directed a MTV, but that is a whole differnt story.
0425163407|1.0|I've been a Cornwell fan for a long time, but lately I think she's on vacation from writing good books.  If you're interested only in reading about grisly body dismemberment and disgusting diseases, then this one's for you.  There was so little story to go along with the sensationalism that you'd be better off reading anything but this book!  This is going to be my last Cornwell book!
0679879269|5.0|Pullman's Dark Materials trilogy has included a trio of my favorite books.  The setting is beautiful and engrossing, and the characters seem more human than most of the people I know.  The plots were all fantastically enjoyable, with enough suspense and intrigue that you simply can't bring yourself to put the book down, even after multiple readings.  After the first two volumes, I eagerly anticipated the third, praying it wouldn't be a disappointment. I am impressed often enough, but rarely moved.  This book moved me to tears on several instances, as does simply thinking about it.  It challenged my perceptions, and moved me to my soul.  I cannot recommend a book more highly than this.
0684853523|5.0|For years, I have avidly read every preface and afterward of Stephen King's books in hopes that he would drop a few hints about his writing process to his Constant Reader.  As a writer, I enjoy learning about the creative process of others, especially those artists that inspire me.  I picked up King's latest offering, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft, knowing this would be the volume I had waited to read all these years.  I was not disappointed.<br />King clearly lays out his goals for the book, stating that he wanted to focus on the language of writing and do so as succinctly as possible.  He accomplishes both goals equally well.  In this short 287-page volume, he lays down a brief biography of himself, discusses the tools of writing as well as the writing process, and concludes by giving readers a glimpse into the accident that recently rocked his world.<br />While his abbreviated trip down memory lane doesn't seem relevant at first, it does set the stage for an understanding of who he is, why he writes, and how he adopted his particular style.  The background information is just that, background.  He doesn't sugar coat it, and he openly discusses many things, including his alcoholism and drug addiction that affected some of his early work.<br />The meat of On Writing comes in the second and third parts of the book as he discusses the tools and process of writing.  Again, King doesn't sugar coat his views to appease the masses.  He clearly states that he doesn't think one can ever make a competent writer out of a bad one, or a great writer out of a good one.  He aims his advice at a much smaller demographic: trying to make a good writer out of a merely competent one.  For those who fall into this category, King has a lot of advice, some of which he admits he ignores from time to time.<br />If fans were worried how his recovery from his injuries would affect his writing, they can relax.  Although he penned much of On Writing before being struck by a van while on an afternoon walk, the clarity of his postscript shows King in his usual form.  King wrote that the man driving the van had &quot;wanted 'some of those Marzes-bars they have up to the store.'&quot;  King adds, &quot;When I hear this little detail some weeks later, it occurs to me that I have nearly been killed by a character right out of one of my own novels.  It's almost funny.&quot;<br />And it is almost funny, in a gruesome way.  But it's also a testament to King's recovery and his ability to take his pain and turn it into something good, something constructive.  More importantly, it suggests that he will keep writing.  Something for which I am personally grateful.
0385484518|5.0|Having to choose a good read it is rather a difficult task than a simple one. This book has changed the way I look at the so called &quot;motivational or spiritual books\\", Mitch has simply shared with us a sincere, moving, true remarkable relationship with his lecturer and a friend or &quot;coach&quot; as he refers to him. He did not try to patronize his readers by suggesting set philosophical ideal theories but rather shared his own personal experience and that of his teacher, which I truly appreciated as a young university student who is still trying to define who he is.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Ok everybody knows this CD is like totally awesome. The only song that I dont like is &quot;Do You Like The Way&quot; Everyone knows &quot;Smooth&quot; by heart now, but dont let it overshadow the other great tunes here. You have to listen to &quot;Maria, Maria&quot;, &quot;Corazon Espinado&quot;, &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot;. These few songs here are probably the best known beside 'Smooth'. El Farol is one of the greatest instrumentals that has ever been recorded and is stands up their with all of Santana's other instrumentals such as &quot;Europa&quot;, and &quot;Samba Por Ti&quot; I know this is probably nothing not heard before, but I hope this review helps.
B00004U8P9|5.0|RHPS is not meant to be viewed at home. The original premise of thise film was as a stage act in the jolly land of england. :) Basically its like this. If you sit at home alone in your crampped apartment with your cat and watch this you will hate this. If you invite ten of your friends over and do it at midnight with a bowl of punch and some popcorn trying to get the &quot;midnight showing&quot; feel, you will hate this. If you actually go to a local theatre at midnight and open yourself up and just let loose and have a fun time you will enjoy this film. the film is nothing more than a joke. Its not meant of have a good plot or great acting. Its meant to just have some fun. Its basically just one long pleasure cruise.<br />The fact that most people call this a horror film just shows how wrong of a direction they have taken. Its not a horror film, its not scary or really funny... its just fun. Its funny when you and your friends go and yell naughty things at actors playing in front of a movie screen.  <br />Check this out in your local midnight showing theatre, have some fun with it and dont watch the movie, watch everyone else!<br />Note: Rocky Horror is that name of the central character (that cute blond in the golden undies!) its NOT, i repeat, NOT supposed to be a horror film. I repeat... repeat.<br />anyways.... check it out and come up with some funny add in line...
0399146253|4.0|I'm a big, big, fan of the Scarpetta series, but I was starting to find Kay a bit tiresome in her self-absorption and her smothering concern of Lucy. This book finds her still somewhat self-absorbed, but I found the plot to be very satisfying--so much so that I did a 7-hour stint last Sunday afternoon because I had to know how it ended.<br />It left Kay at an interesting crossroad, personally and professionally. What will Ms. Cornwell do next with her overachiever heroine?
B00003CXFG|4.0|The question you ask yourself while watching this thriller is would you want to fight off the aliens from Aliens, or would you want to fight off these new canavorous predators in this movie? I still can't make up my mind..scary. You could call this movie Aliens 2000. The aliens on this barren planet do not play hide and seek...as long it is dark, they are going to eat cha...its that simple. The trick is how to maintain a light source during a total eclipse when your resources for light are very limited or how to get off the planet without getting picked off by these long tooth monsters. They fly around in droves and are noise polluters to boot. They let you know when they're on your tail.  If you are looking for a sexy newcomer, Vin Diesel is your man..he's sexy, has a cunning smile, with a great voice and some interesting one liners. Radha Mitchell acts as if she has self-doubts about her ability of being a captain of a spaceship, but she gets her act together in the end...The view of the eclipse is wonderful, but looking at it on a 32 inch TV does not do it justice..you do not see the full effect. Get this movie...just the thing to see on long winter evenings.
B00004X01U|2.0|I enjoyed the \\"music\\" videoclip when I was in Europe last summer. It was phenomenal success in many bars as it is easy on ears.The directions of her fashion and song genres she pushes have pushed tired pop culture tastes  anew. Especially if you noticed her team's creation of new changed images of Madonna as a cowgirl and her eye-catching video formats i.e. \\"Ray of Light.\\"<br /><br />However, this new entire album was a major disappointment. Her strategy in this new album shows a mistake of hiring this French DJ guy 'jokingly' abusing her voice too often and with little sound mixing, her lyrics are already buried and it was not really comfortable to listen through all tracks.<br />And \\"Music\\", the title song doesn't sound the same as the single versions-maybe mixing is different. imagine the annoying bugging noise around your ear instead of sharp acid beat!<br /><br />Still, I predict her success from the two songs produced by William orbit-English DJs truely rules-Thanks William!<br /><br /> For a quick remedy, I guess she needs some great DJ like W.Orbit or Paul Rivera to save her next new move. If we all remember that the recent songs like \\"Sing it back\\" by Moloko or \\"it is not right but it is ok\\" by Whitney Houston which have hit the dance floor again after they were remixed as dance versions, Madonna;s songs deserve a better mixing which we don't see yet.<br /><br />Well, I should have waited for a remix single album later but it is too late. If you intended to buy this album, I recommend you to download MP3 first to know what you are ending up with.<br /><br />BTW, her voice and the breath got better noticeablly. ;) Maybe, her yoga berath works.
B00004Z311|4.0|If you've never seen the Director's cut of this film, you're going to be VERY surprised.  When the movie was released here in the US, it was butchered by other editors to the point that the story no longer makes any sense.  BY ALL MEANS - see the Director's cut (previously only available over seas!)  Plus the Jerry Goldsmith score ranks up there with the best of anything John Williams has written... I am so thrilled that the original version is finally going to be commercially available over here.
B00004XONN|4.0|Hard to compare to other Radiohead albums, it's certainly not &quot;OK Computer&quot; and unfair to compare the two.  I think that a reasonable comparison would be between &quot;Kid A&quot; and Blur's &quot;Thirteen.&quot;  Anyway, I find it somewhat difficult to see the clear substance of the album, it's really quiet hidden, behind the sea of music such as &quot;In Limbo&quot;, or in the vocal effects on &quot;Kid A.&quot;  But, I love the sea of sounds that comes out of &quot;In Limbo&quot;, it provides an excellant feel of confusion and unknowing.      I think that comparison with Blur is kind of easy to see, the  incredible variety of sounds, styles involved, and moods of the songs that comprise the album.  Radiohead seems to skirt the global themes they covered in &quot;OK Computer&quot;, but their approach is a bit more personal, and just as universal for everyone to appreciate.  Again, this seems close to the ground that Blur covered.       I've listened to &quot;Kid A&quot; about five times or so, and keep seeing new things, which is probably the only similiarity to &quot;OK Computer&quot;  Which is great, that's what I love about Radiohead.  The only thing that keep it from 5 stars is that I find some the rythm parts boring, and not interesting at all.  Which leads me to skip a song or two every time.  Perhaps on the next time through the CD I'll hear the beauty, I'm certain lies within the song, just the others.
0812567110|3.0|Though it's rather slow to get going in the initial chapters, Oscar Wilde's &quot;Picture of Dorian Gray&quot; builds up into a splendidly effective piece, written in highly polished prose. Dorian Gray, who is suggestively described as &quot;charming&quot; and &quot;beautiful&quot; ... is painted by his friend and admirer, Basil Hallward. Dorian, a self-centered social luminary whose character is reminiscent of Narcissus, makes a bizarre sub-Faustian wish which tragically comes true: that his beautiful portrait may age, while he retains his youthful looks. The conclusion is disastrous, the culmination of a narrative containing elements of murder, suicide, blackmail, a confrontation in a grimy alley and an episode in an opium den. The characters are very well sketched out, particularly the triad of Dorian, Basil and the intellectual cynic, Lord Henry, Dorian's mentor and the mouthpiece of some of Wilde's most cutting amoral opinions. The style is, typically, marvellous, characterised by brilliant exchanges and aphoristic gaiety. Wilde lacerates English bourgeois culture, the conceptions of sin and virtue and the attitudes towards art of his time with tremendous aplomb. Some of his quips are patently snide, sometimes mysogynistic, as in: &quot;Woman represents the triumph of matter over mind, while man represents the triumph of mind over morals.&quot; Oh, isn't that just despicable?! I love it!
6303402348|1.0|The moral of the movie is, being a retard and not understanding life deeply is the key to success. Go ahead, expose your simple emotional buttons to hollywood like the dangling genitals of a circus chimp for so much probing and manipulation. The real subtext here is that the american public, as stupid as gump, brings success to cheap, manipulative hollywood stories.
B000003TBP|1.0|Judging by the reviews I'd read on the normally reliable Amazon.com and what I'd heard from my friends, I expected genius. As my title suggests, I was let down.  Actually, that's an understatement.  I was curb-kicked.  Then beaten mercilessly.  This album is awkward in many places, far too busy in many others, and just plain boring.  Beck's techno skills pale in comparison to the Chemical Brothers and Fatboy Slim, and his rapping (if you can call it that) is lame.  This CD is just plain weak.  Don't buy it.  You're throwing your money away.  If you want to hear some quality stuff, go buy &quot;Hello Nasty&quot; or &quot;You've Come a Long Way Baby.&quot;
0440180295|3.0|This book contains some very interesting thoughts and social commentaries on war, but the timeline, though interesting, skips around too much for my liking. I would reccomend this book to those interested in a thought provoking read, but not to those who have trouble understanding complex plots and metaphorical themes.
B000021XR5|4.0|I like this Cd alot. The choice of style is so a classic to STP. They are such a great band with so many great Cds now. This one has three different styles really. There is the hard, all out style. An example of that would be &quot;Down&quot;. It is a great song. My favorite from the Cd. The opposite is their esier songs, like &quot;Sour Girls&quot;. It has a great beat and rythm, so don't think I am saying it is bad, it is just easy for STP. It is probably the most popular song from this Cd, though.  And then there is the In between. My example of this is &quot;Glide&quot;. Now that I think about it, &quot;Glide's&quot; middle group is probably more like the hard group. Perhaps I ahould merge them, but &quot;Glide&quot; has it's own style and beat. It is a great song. The rest of the songs are good, too. I like Stone Temple Pilots, and if you do too, don't be fooled by people saying otherwise, this is still them, and it is a good Cd.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|first of all, dancer in the dark is the best movie of 2000. the songs are wonderfully arragened and brilliant. probably the best bjork has ever recorded, since it goes more into the orchestral arragements of things in addition to the drum and bass stuff she does. if you're a bjork fan, then, well, what are you reading this for, you probably already own it. but if not, buy it! it's a good way to get into her discography.
6303477259|5.0|This video is mesmerizing.  I'm still waiting for the DVD because I wore out my VHS version and am wondering how many more I will wear out before the DVD arrives.<br />Last night was a typical example.  I sat in the family room to read a book.  I put &quot;Pulse&quot; on for background music.  The book was excellent, but after 10 minutes I ended up watching over an hour of JUST the video.  This happens a lot.  The video is hard to turn away from.<br />Good video, good audio, good editing.  This is the best concert video I have watched (yes, I have seen a LOT of the &quot;Unplugged&quot; concert videos).<br />Only get this video if you plan to replace your VCR within a year -- you will probably wear out your tape heads and several copies of the tape.  Waiting for the DVD....
B00004TL21|5.0|great album!!!
B000002I77|5.0|The funkiest, most energetic and most immediate offering from an artist of the great &quot;fusion&quot; era.  Cobham, Tommy Bolin, Jan Hammer and the rest of the cast produced a remarkable keeper that should appeal to fans or rock, funk and progressive jazz.  Quadrant 4 begins with a mind blowing solo from Hammer and is highlighted with an orgasmic explosion from Bolin, driving his Fender strat to new heights and showing that yes, at least one rock artist, can more than hold his own against jazz musicians. Stratus is funkier and takes more time to develop but it is the equal in impact and originality and exceeds in staying power as evidenced by Massive Attack's liberal use of this song's influence on &quot;Blue Lines.&quot;  Even the drum solo interludes that can often times seem like filler work on other albums are vital on this classic progressive rock/jazz beauty.
6304698623|5.0|This 1995 movie is based on the classic novel by Frances Burnett, which explores the life of a young girl in the WWI era.  In the beginning of the movie, we see Sara as she lives out life in exoctic India.  Then her devoted father must leave to join the war.  Since her mother is no longer living, he enrols her in an expensive boarding school in New York City.  As soon as she arrives one can tell she is not a match for the strict boarding school regimen.  The movie continues from there, with Sara's friendlyness &amp; kindness helping her to overcome the difficult times that lie ahead.  The actress that portrays Sara, Liesel Matthews, does a remarkable job of storytelling and brings a certain 'magic' to the movie.  There have actually been 3 other versions done on film, including one in 1939 starring Shirley Temple.  As much as I enjoyed that one, I think this version is the best of the lot.
B0000057C5|2.0|The style isn't bad. I just don't think it has enough great songs. Du Hast is the exception. That song will always get you going. It is incredible. The rest of the Cd, is questionable. You might want to give it a try though, if you like White Zombie, Static X, or other hard music.
0385474547|5.0|This is one of the most captivating books that I have ever read. I am a high school student that is into thrillers, mysteries, and romances, ect. I had to choose a book to read for independent reading. The first book that interested me was Things Fall Apart, for that title along is catchy. I started to read the book and amazingly I got into it. I read 100 pages in one day and had to call it quits because I needed slip. Things Fall Apart, is about a man's struggle to be a man. He, Okonkwo, tries to uphold all the values that means importance to him life honor, title (which one receives of how much wealth he has), family...ect. His father's achievement haunts him throughout the whole book because his father had no achievement. His biggest fear is to become like his father. He wanted to be a man who has control over anything such as his wives, his children, and his property. One who does not have control over these things is called an agbala, a man who hasn't taken a title (i.e. a woman). Okonkwo tries to encourage his children to become fierce and bold instead of wasting their life to go out and play. He is disappointed in his children because they themselves are not as eager of making something of their life, like he once was. This can be compared to how things are in this generation. Children hear stories of how their parents struggled so hard to be where they are at in life, and the reason they do this is either because they wish their child to follow in their footsteps, or because they are disappointed in them for not doing so. <br />This can be compared to Okonkwo's son, Nwoye, who is the &quot;different&quot; one in his family. He does not see his father's point of his reasoning and behavior. Nwoye becomes Christian towards the end of the book, because he believes in it and does not want to follow his father's rules which he believes covers who is really wants to be. Okonkwo only wants best for his son, and if his son becomes Christian, then his son is breakingall the traditional values that Okonkwo and his people have hold deep within them. Okonkwo does not understand Nwoye, and basically disowns him. This is similar to the present because in some family situations, the father and the son do not understand each other because they have totally different views. Who is wrong? Not either one when it comes down to it, yet they feel the need to blame each other. <br />There are many family situations. The love between mother and daughter is explained through Ezinma, the daughter, and Ekwefi, the mother. Ekwefi struggles through many hurtful and devastating emotions because every child she bears dies within a few months. Ekwefi losses hope and became bitter until Ezinma is born. Ezinma lasted for more than a few months, and this sign of hope brought down Ekwefi's bitterness. Ezinma and Ekwefi are very close, like best friends, for they talk about anything, call each other by their first name, and do many other things. There are some mother's who want that kind of relationship with their child presently. They want that kind of trust and friendship with their children that last forever. <br />There are many different kinds of relationships and advice in this novel. Another kind is a binding friendship like that between Okonkwo and Obierika. Okonkwo and Obierika have fun with their jokes, think deep of each other's insightful thoughts, and are there for each other until the end. Some binding friendships are sacred and hard to have. Many people in life try so hard to find that kind of friendship. <br />Sadly, much of these binding rituals, traditions, clans of different tribal people, friendships, families, and more became overthrown as &quot;things fall apart&quot; when the white men came.
B00004YA66|3.0|Frequency starts like a story you'd expect to hear from your grandfather, reagiling at the past, builing it up as a better time.  But director Gregory Hoblit has no intention of letting this movie sit on it's laurels or to rely so heavily on this sentimental tripe we've been forced to endure too many times.  Like Pleasantville it gentally tugs at our idealic recolections of the past before blantantly tearing them down before our eyes.  That's when things really pick up and we realize that this isn't the movie New Line'd built it up as being.  It's an edge of your seat thrill ride with intesity to spare and not the weepy overdone meaning-of-life story we've seen done to death since Titanic.  Realitively unknown actor Jim Caviezel plays a New York cop still scared by the the loss of his firefighter dad (Dennis Quaid) thirty years ago.  We bounce back and forth between time as both 1969 and 1999 are unfolding parrellel to eachother.  One night while playing with his father's old ham radio Caviezel finds himself talking to his dad days before his death.  After the typical skeptism you'd expect from any protagonist in a sci-fi yarn, he realizes that he's been given a second chance, one in which he can use to save his father's life.  But there are unexpected consequeces to his fiddling with time, the most notable of which is the continuance of a serial killer who now goes on to kill seven more victims, one of which is his own mother (I won't give too much away).  It's an interesting premise and overdone as it my be the serial killer gere is still facinating stuff.  Reviews have hailed it as Back to the Future meets Seven and though both films are far superior Frequency does a remarkably seamless job of interweaving elements of the two.  The DVD offers a few extended scenese (nothing too exciting) and commentary tracks which to my amazement include neither the director of it's notable stars.  Still, the movies is good enough itself to justify it's purchase.
B00000JCOV|5.0|If you like hard rock this is the coolest CD.
B000001Y79|5.0|Tragic Kingdom is a totally great CD, I heard it once and I was totally hooked.  &quot;Spiderwebs&quot; is a fast paced great song, as is &quot;Just a girl&quot;.  But the slower, sweeter candence of &quot;Don't speak&quot; weaves a spell that makes you want dance.
0790734443|5.0|After two terrific Batman films comes Batman Forever. It is different on many levels than the first two but manages to be almost as entertaining. Val Kilmer makes a great Dark Knight and Tommy Lee Jones is a really good Two-Face. Jim Carrey is hilarious as The Riddler and Chris O' Donnell is good as Robin. The only character who doesn't live up to his/her standards is Nicole Kidman as a psychologist and love interest for Batman. Schumacher does a fantastic job of directing, for you have action scenes at the beginning, middle, end, and two minor ones in between. The opening is arguably the best one for it combines terrific photography with great music and lines and of course, explosions, Bat hardware, lots of gunfire, and outstanding effects. <br />The drive up the skyscraper has well-done music plus lively special effects and a terrific end-shot with great overall photography. The middle has really two parts, with the party crash and the subway sabotage. This time the action is chaotic yet still has revolutionary photography, great stunts, excellent effects and two riveting entrances from Batman and Two-Face. The Wayne Manor break-in/BatCave destruction has more explosions but has many hand-to-hand fights and is probably the weakest sequence yet the sound effects are great in the BatCave. <br />The climax needs more gunfire and hand-to-hand fights but its still good with exquisite photography, incredible special effects, excellent vehicles,   amazing production design and lighting, and stunts and clevernes.<br />As a whole, the cinematography, production design, sound, screenplay, and visuals are terrfic. This film is more sentimental and episodic than its predecessors and Alfred and Commissioner Gordon have better parts, especially Alfred. It's also more well-put together and crowd-pleasing and boasts a better script, plus a more interesting story but just isn't as good.
B00004Y2FT|5.0|Although the band has released a few more albums and EPs (&quot;Four-calendar cafe&quot;, &quot;Milk &amp; kisses&quot;, &quot;Otherness&quot;, &quot;Twinlights&quot;) in the '90s, this new compilation is the definitive Cocteau Twins anthology and represents the trio's most successful and enjoyable work. &quot;S&amp;T&quot; offers a perfect introduction for the newly interested and for casual fans (if there's any casual Cocteau Twins fan, I've never met one..), as well as it does a very good job with handling the song selections - it leaves the band's earliest material for &quot;BBC Sessions&quot; and the b-sides from their numerous EP releases for the bootleg compilation &quot;The forgotten 4AD tracks&quot;. Spanning their 8-year relationship with the famous 4AD label, &quot;S&amp;T&quot; illustrates the band's rapid evolution from post-punk survivors to a groundbreaking &quot;ambient-wave-rock&quot; outfit and finally to sophisticated pop musicians. It also showcases their songwriting prowess - &quot;Pearly-drewdrops..&quot;, &quot;Carolyn's fingers&quot;, or &quot;Pink orange red&quot; are some of the finest independent pop songs of the '80s. You can also find some less well-known but equally interesting tracks on this disc; &quot;My love paramour&quot; (from 1983's &quot;Head over heels&quot;) or &quot;Pandora&quot; (from 1984's &quot;Treasure&quot;), for instance. In general, the second half of the album has a more accessible, pop-oriented sound with melodramatic songwriting and incredible melodies, but the first half is a little more innovative. The only misstep is &quot;Watchlar&quot; (originally appearing on the CD-single &quot;Iceblink luck&quot;), a misguided dance tune which concludes this near-perfect album on a somewhat shoddy note. Otherwise, &quot;S&amp;T&quot; is a concise explanation of why the Cocteau Twins were one of the most important independent bands of the '80s. Absolutely brilliant.
0446608955|4.0|When reading Nicholas Sparks book my expectations are of alight read with a deep love story. This book did not dissapoint. Iread it from cover to cover on a flight from Orlando to New York. Asad but beautiful story.  Very likeable characters.
B00003CX5P|1.0|Very bad Sci-Fi. Take away the special effects (which were done in the 70's) and this would have been a B-rated movie playing at 1:00 am on cable. In the first Star Wars Lucas introduced a universe with great potential. Since the Ewoks it has been nothing but a marketing plot.(Do I need to bring up Jar Jar Binks?)  In the next film perhaps Lucas will start making good  Sci-Fi again.
B000006E4C|5.0|As a professional, conservatory-trained violinist, I was raised in the world of &quot;common practice&quot; classical music, and have always been wary of anything that's been labeled &quot;avante-garde.&quot; (In my undergraduate years, I admit I was a bit scared off by a casual listening of Reich's &quot;Come Out.&quot;) But recently I thought I'd give this piece a try, and my appreciation of music--in general!--has been completely transformed. The rich, tonal sonorities cannot be compared with any previous works of his generation. <br />This is not background music, nor is it intended to be hypnotizing. It should be listened to with concentration, to fully enjoy the richness of the harmonies, and to sort out the vertical layers of sound Reich so masterfully constructs with the simplest of materials. Reich wrote his music so that the music itself becomes a process of unfolding melodic and rhythmic patterns, and listening to this piece becomes a process of discovering them. You would never believe that listening to almost 68 minutes of &quot;repeated notes&quot; could be so fascinating.
B00004RFDW|5.0|I saw this film in August on VHS. I loved &quot;The Insider&quot;. It was so good, I watched it three times. There are many excellent elements in this film that I must share with you. The production values were excellent, the screenplay was very well-written, the acting was of great caliber, the cinematography was great, the film score was superb,and the pace and tone of the film were in the right spot. The widescreen format and the film's running time were no problem for me. I'm excited by this film as a work of art and as an example of what to do when one must make a choice. A lot of people used the film as a discussion to trash the tobacco industry, but what jumped out at me was what Mann was trying to say about the character of Wigand and Bergman. The credits hit and I was exhilirated by what I had seen: an excellent film about two men who stayed by their convictions. I'm definitely treating my friends to this film, so if you saw this film, too, don't sit in it: show it to your friends also. For those of you haven't seen it, the acting is great and the film score is superb, but watch it with someone who knows the events rather well. Thanks for movie, Michael Mann.
0679720200|5.0|this book shows the truth of the world...that it is absolutely absurd.  we must all acknowledge it first to start to make any real sense of it all. camus is a genius along with sartre.
B00003CX8J|5.0|X-Men, the first REAL attempt at bringing a Marvel Comic to life on the silver screen, succeeds on several levels.  First, it is well written, leaving just enough cheese and in-jokes for fans of the comics--but it doesn't ignore the newbie, either.  Each important plot point is explained, and we are saved from watching the &quot;origin&quot; of every character.<br />Hugh Jackman as Wolverine, Patrick Stewart as Professor X, and Ian McKellan as Magneto really steal the show.  They've embodied their characters, and work well together.  The message of discrimination is never played heavy-handed, but it comes across.  All in all, a solid performance.<br />Michael Kamen's music is wonderful and fitting.  Just the right amount of adrenaline and somberness.  (I recommend you by the CD as well as the DVD!)<br />In short, X-Men is a rewarding superhero flick.  People with children however, should be warned that there is an amount of violence, but it is not gory.  All in all, and excellent movie.
1558908358|3.0|The movie is one of my favorite of all time. So just by that it gets 5 stars.  But the quality of the movie on the DVD was terrible.  It looked just like a VCR to me.  Let me know disney when your going to &quot;modernize&quot; the whole movie.  I dont wanna buy a 20 year old movie, that looks 20 years old.  I could see hair and spots during most of the flick and to me that is just unacceptable.  Nice try but put a little effort into the production value.  EOL
B000002UC5|5.0|Macca's first album will not disapoint. The first time i played it, i had only heard flaming pie and the beatles. I was a little surprised, as it wasnt highly produced, but as i listened more this became the best thing about it. Mccartney is the best composer of the 20th century. The honest diversity of this album show of his talents in every genre. Every night and maybe im amazing are exceptional songs, while the other 'sung' no.'s are highly enjoyable in this context. It is a testament of the true talent lacking in todays music business, that mccartney wrote,played and produced evry note and beat on his own in his house on an old 16 track. The instemental tracks annoy me a bit, but thats just because mccartneys' forte is melody, and each could have been a really good song. Momma miss america and singalong junk are exceptional examples of music, the tunes, to be bland, touch you. 'Mccartney' shows that the creative genius of the beatles is al;l about good music and evolution. He went on to do some crap, but i think every macca song is worthy as a step to a new way of thinking and lack of bordom, which eventually leads to his production of amazing songs.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|Melodic hardcore/punk/emo from the best band you've never heard of. But that will change. It's rare when you sit in class and a song just pops into your head. But it happens to me all of the time, and 90% of the time it's at the drive in. This release is more melodic than the VAYA e.p., and harder at the same time. It's a little bit like rage, but without all the hypocritical anti-corporate ranting. Don't try to discern the lyrics, because, like all of atdi's releases, they make no sense! But that's not necessarily a bad thing. Check out these tracks: Pattern Against User, Cosmonaut, Enfilade, and Invalid Litter Dept. You will not be disappointed if you buy this album!
0553106635|5.0|A tour de force, really. Martin digs into the very depths of his characters to bring out heart-rending moments of disaster and monumental moments of victory. It's a dark ride, and many bad things happen, but hope glimmers even as the cold breath of winter rests on the necks of many of the characters. <br />Now we've hit the halfway point in the six-book series (&quot;Six. Definitely six. No more than six. Six will allow me to tell the story I want to tell; three did not,&quot; to quote Martin) and there's no sign of unnecessary bloat. Perhaps some character POVs  contain less revelations and action than one might have hoped (Bran, for example), but every character's chapter ends with a strong resolution that will bode well (or ill, for some) in the gap of 5-6 years separating the events of _A Storm of Swords_ and  _A Dance with Dragons_.
6304938276|3.0|Basically a complete repeat of the origanal but far less scary, totally predictable and often more unintentionally funny than frightening as intended to be. Entertaining is the best way to sum this film up as it does have its moment along the way but basically a rather pale reflection of the origanal. Scripts are overly melodramatic and quite often just plain silly but performances are acceptable. Worth a look. Recommended.
B000002UC5|5.0|Macca's first album will not disapoint. The first time i played it, i had only heard flaming pie and the beatles. I was a little surprised, as it wasnt highly produced, but as i listened more this became the best thing about it. Mccartney is the best composer of the 20th century. The honest diversity of this album show of his talents in every genre. Every night and maybe im amazing are exceptional songs, while the other 'sung' no.'s are highly enjoyable in this context. It is a testament of the true talent lacking in todays music business, that mccartney wrote,played and produced evry note and beat on his own in his house on an old 16 track. The instemental tracks annoy me a bit, but thats just because mccartneys' forte is melody, and each could have been a really good song. Momma miss america and singalong junk are exceptional examples of music, the tunes, to be bland, touch you. 'Mccartney' shows that the creative genius of the beatles is al;l about good music and evolution. He went on to do some crap, but i think every macca song is worthy as a step to a new way of thinking and lack of bordom, which eventually leads to his production of amazing songs.
B00003Q43A|3.0|This set of DVD's is good but not great as two disc sets go. The three documentaries are good; however, they have a great deal of shared material, so overall you get maybe an hour of new information. The commentary by the director and producer was interesting. Information like the US military did not support the film because Area 51 was mentioned, makes you wonder. Most of the added minutes in the special edition are just extended scenes already in the movie. In some cases this enhances the characters but not by much. Most interesting was the changed ending. I liked the never-seen ending better. The reason it was changed was apparently for believability, but the whole movie was not believable. The picture galleries aren't that good and very short. The special effects commentary could have been better. Most of the interesting information on the special effects was covered very well by the documentaries. Most of the special effects commentary is reduced to the commentators saying, \\"That's a model,\\" and \\"That's CGI.\\" Overall, a DVD I have in my collection because I love sci-fi and not for the features, effects or story for that matter.
0679879269|2.0|As a seventh and eighth grade English teacher, I was thrilled to discover &quot;The Golden Compass&quot; four years ago.  I was even more thrilled to read &quot;The Sublte Knife.&quot;  I was even more excited by the prospect of the third book.  Pullman's world was brilliant, his story was moving, and his themes were provoking.  My students and I spent almost three years waiting for the third and final book, constantly bemoaning the constantly changing publishing date.  Finally, I read the book.  <br />WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.  Pullman is a great writer.  He continues to provoke.  But what happened to his plot?  What happened to all that preceded the final book?  Why did Mary make the amber spyglass?  What was really significant about the visit to the world of the dead?  What about those characters, such as Iorek, Serrafina, and Lord Asriel, once so brilliantly and deeply conceived?  What happened to their complexity?  Like much of the plot, they just pop up, fill a space, and then disappear.  Sure, those characters and creations developed in the previous books make appearances in &quot;The Amber Spyglass,&quot; but their appearance and explanation seem obligatory and even silly.  For example, the Spectres, as fascinating as they were in &quot;The Suble Knife,&quot; are really ridiculously explained and then brushed aside in &quot;The Amber Spyglass.&quot;  <br />I admire Pullman's courage in writing a book that challenges organized religion, and I agree with many of his themes.  Unfortunately, he dropped the ball regarding his characters, his plot, and his overall vision.<br />I was so looking forward to teaching this trilogy in the future.  Unfortunately, I fail to see any real merit to the series as a result of this extremely disappointing final volume.
6304675348|4.0|Every now and again a genuinley frightening horror film hits the big screens. This is most defintley one of those films!! The opening sequence with Drew Barrymore is bound to keep you on the edge of your seat through what seems an excruiating wait. The film holds many shocking and jumpy moments but some sequences fall flat with it coming across more like a comic horror film rather than being played for thrills. The scripts career along at a hectic and melodramatic pace and the cast are all quite capable although the so called teenage actors look like a lot older than what they were intended to be in the film. On the whole its a very good, dark and often frightening horror film. Recommended.
B00004XONN|5.0|as to be expected, there's a great diversion between the customer reviews of the new Radiohead. ha. now it's easy to distinguish between those who DO and DON'T have a fraction of comprehension of music. this album, it left me breath-taken.. i couldn't sleep for a week, you see. Kid A does more than influence emotions, it brings images, thoughts, desires, smells, and especially touch. as &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; brings to reality a mask of heaven in where everything moves slow and melodic. this isn't just beauty, it's the closest thing to divinity i've heard in a long long while. and once again i'm envious of Thom Yorke's radiohead.
B000006PDZ|4.0|I agree with many of the comments by previous reviewers.  The film is something of a museum piece, but continues to fascinate largely due to its strange, painted sets and other visual elements.  Those interested in this film, either as an important work of German cinema, or as a curiousity, may like to know the rest of Caligari's story...<br />The original screenwriters wrote a story of an insane doctor controlling a sleepwalker and using him to do his evil bidding. This could be considered a warning to the Germans not to &quot;sleepwalk&quot; into the control of an evil Caligari-like dictator. But then, the film was turned over to another German filmmaker who added a &quot;framing story&quot; that places the story of mad Caligari as a fantasy in the head of a patient in an asylum.  Intentional or not, this frame reverses the meaning of the film.  Instead of a warning against following authoritarian leaders blindly, the finished film positions Caligari as a compassionate doctor who can cure the patient now that the meaning of his insanity has been revealed.<br />A curious bit of film trivia, given where the world was heading.
B00004T9UF|5.0|After the rock-solid debut in 1998 of The Real Slim Shady, Eminem's back with another fine or his finest album yet, The Marshall Mathers LP. The album like his first one also disses some of the top celebrities including Christina Aguilera, Britney Spears (on the track \\"The Real Slim Shady\\") `N Sync and LFO. Nonetheless, Eminem proves to be an unequaled rapper with a penetrating grasp of language. The album is an exceptionally motivating album on domestic violence, star- worshipping, celebrity dom etc. The album has extremely descriptive lyrics which makes this album one of the best albums ever. Also, the humor, and the \\"realness\\" add to make him one of the most compelling artists.  Like I said, this is probably one of the year's best albums.
6304025831|5.0|A gambler who is put in charge of a Las Vegas Casino by the Mafia runs into trouble when he tries to run the business honestly and falls in love with a call girl.<br />An intriguing and undeniably excellent and beleavable observation of a city built on greed and power. the films pace is rather leisurley at first but then dives into the dark and violent underworld. a compelling and often shocking movie with excellent performances all round, complemented by the fast, razor sharp scripts that capture the mood and spirit perfectly. Top performances from its four leading stars - Robert De Niro, Sharon Stone, Joe Pesci and James Woods. Incredibly well done. A real masterpiece. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
6305508550|5.0|This movie is so funny.  I was reluctant to see it, but when my friend showed it to me, I laughed the entire time!  This is a must for anyone who has ever worked in an office and hated it!  I recommend this movie to EVERYONE!  Believe me, once you see it (and the Milton character), you'll agree.
B000002GYR|5.0|The Heart of Saturday Night was my first introduction to Tom Waits.  Loved it, so bought two more.  This album is even better than Saturday Night.  Martha is probably one of the most BEAUTIFUL and SAD ballads I have ever heard.  Akin to Gordon Lightfoot's The Last Tim I Saw Her.  Yet, somehow even sadder, for its unrequited and early lost love.  Hard to believe he wrote such lyrics, with such feeling, at 21 years.  What an amazing person he must be to know.  Some people live all their lives never knowing their talents.  What a treat and gift to us all that he knew his so early on in his.  Buy it and savor every note and lyric.  A masterpiece.  I am now buying one for the car and one for work.
B00000JGEI|5.0|Sequels often tend to be a pale reflection of their predecessors, but surprisingly in this case this actually tops the origanal.<br />This time round the terminator returns from the future to save a boy (Edward Furlong) and his mother (Linda Hamilton) from a murderous shape changing robot. Non stop action, dazzling visual effects and acceptable performances make this a classic and  the role of the terminator is probably what Arnold Schwarznegger will be best remembered for. FAST, FURIOUS, EXPLOSIVE ACTION THROUGHOUT! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
6303269869|4.0|I will admit that I don't know any alcoholics and I have not experienced the effects. However, I thought that Meg Ryan was very believable. She seemed as if she was really drunk especially during the scene when her little daughter watched her pop pills and drink at the same time.
6301008944|3.0|Fun comedy that at best can be described as entertaining made memroable by an engaging performance from Elizabeth Shue as the babysitter and also Mai brewton, Keith Coogan, Anthony Rapp and Calvin Lewis. Theres a series of winning sequences with possibly the very best being where the gang find themselves on stage in a seedy, blues nightclub and the ending is quite amusing. The plot is pretty simple - Chris, the babysitter, receives a phone call from her friend Penny in a run down bus station in the heart of the city. So Chris and the kids all head for the bus station to &quot;rescue&quot; Penny and then unwittingly find themselves plunged into a series of adventures and becoming the target of gangsters. Take out the swear words you'd easily have a Disney style family movie. However the film holds many pleasing moment and on the whole its a god film with some obvious shortcomings. Recommended.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I had the first Filter CD Shortbus previous to this and it was really good, but I don't think they had the maturity that they had in this record.  The old one may have been a little more hard-core then this CD, but in this CD every song sounds totally different and they all sound great.  If you were turned off to this CD because of &quot;Take a Picture&quot; don't worry, I don't like it much either and there is a forward button on your stereo.  I first heard Filter on the Spawn record with the song they did with Crystal Method &quot;Trip Like I Do&quot;......I listened to it over and over and couldn't get enough.  Well back to Title of Record.......My favorite songs on the CD as of now are &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot; and &quot;Captain Bligh&quot;.  Get this record, it won't hurt ya =).  Goodluck shopping/browsing and have fun!
B000002VCB|4.0|This is typical 70s Parsons stuff.  There is good keyboard workthroughout this album. This album has some nice brass sprinkled in tomake it interesting.  The first half of this album is actually prettybitter with the lyrics.  However, the second half is much morepositive and finishes with a song of hope.  Don't hold back has agreat message we should all heed. The best song is If I could ChangeYour Mind.  Kate Bush has some excellent vocals and the keyboards areoutstanding.  The insturmentals Lucifer and Secret Garden are welldone. Garden has some Beach Boy sounding vocal effects and I like thethundering echoing drums on Lucifer.
B00000099Y|5.0|If you were a TOOL fan previous to this record and owned or had heard the previous TOOL CDs Opiate &amp; Undertow then this record is definately going to dwell on some new ground for you all.  This record went out to shock the fans, and it does perfectly.  With tracks like &quot;Stinkfist&quot;, &quot;Forty Six and Two&quot;, and &quot;Aenima&quot; there is no way you can go wrong with buying this CD. Maynard James Keenan, the lead singer of TOOL, has one of the fricken awesomest voices out there and if you haven't heard it you must now.  This guy is a genious I tell you, he is also lead singer of the present band A Perfect Circle which also awesome.  For the TOOL fans out there, they are in studio recording so get ready for their new record!  Goodluck shopping &amp; or browsing guys/gals!
6303477259|5.0|Just an update on the DVD release.  It now looks like the DVD will be released on February 5.  I hope that this is the final release date change and have my fingers crossed.  I, like many of you who have already posted here, have been waiting for the DVD release of this concert and I plan on getting it the day it comes out.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead's new album, &quot;Kid A&quot;,is a glorious,life-affirming return to form by the most important band since Nirvana.The all- out nascent rock of &quot;The National Anthem&quot;, the sweeping orchestral grandeur of &quot;How to disappear completely&quot; and the cryptic, subliminally beautiful title track are among the best songs they have recorded. &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; is the most heart- Wrenching song Since &quot;Exit Music&quot;, and &quot;Idioteque&quot; rivals anything by the mighty Joy division.<br />Frankly, the people who have criticised this record are the same people who have waited over 3 years for new Radiohead songs but still cry out for &quot;Creep&quot; at their concerts.The greatest thing about Radiohead is that they change and progress with every new album,and to miss the beauty of &quot;Kid A&quot; is to frankly ignore the entire point of this band.It's a stunning record. The fact that it may take a few listens to unravel its full beauty is its greatest attribute.With other stand-out tracks like       &quot;Optimistic&quot;(The most straight-forward song on the album),the dream-like, shimmering ambience of &quot;In Limbo&quot; and the muted, keyboard-led opener, &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot;, Radiohead have well and truly returned to take rock music into the 21st century. Any true fan will adore &quot;Kid A&quot;; the best record since, well, &quot;OK Computer&quot;.Welcome back, Radiohead. We've missed you.
6304288433|5.0|Wow! This is a great movie, and a well worthy sequel. And it's a direct sequel, which begins where the first one left off, at the very sane night. Laurie is being transported to Haddonfield Memorial, while Dr. Loomis is still searching for Michael. One thing I really enjoyed during the movie, was all the information we got about Michael, and his relation to Laurie. And if you thought the first one lacked some gore, well...here it is. It's NOT directed by John Carpenter, but he and Debra Hill have written and the produced the movie. Cool soundtrack also. It's written by Carpenter, but arranged by Alan Howarth. (Which also had the musical score on pt. 4)
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead's new album, &quot;Kid A&quot;,is a glorious,life-affirming return to form by the most important band since Nirvana.The all- out nascent rock of &quot;The National Anthem&quot;, the sweeping orchestral grandeur of &quot;How to disappear completely&quot; and the cryptic, subliminally beautiful title track are among the best songs they have recorded. &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; is the most heart- Wrenching song Since &quot;Exit Music&quot;, and &quot;Idioteque&quot; rivals anything by the mighty Joy division.<br />Frankly, the people who have criticised this record are the same people who have waited over 3 years for new Radiohead songs but still cry out for &quot;Creep&quot; at their concerts.The greatest thing about Radiohead is that they change and progress with every new album,and to miss the beauty of &quot;Kid A&quot; is to frankly ignore the entire point of this band.It's a stunning record. The fact that it may take a few listens to unravel its full beauty is its greatest attribute.With other stand-out tracks like       &quot;Optimistic&quot;(The most straight-forward song on the album),the dream-like, shimmering ambience of &quot;In Limbo&quot; and the muted, keyboard-led opener, &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot;, Radiohead have well and truly returned to take rock music into the 21st century. Any true fan will adore &quot;Kid A&quot;; the best record since, well, &quot;OK Computer&quot;.Welcome back, Radiohead. We've missed you.
B00003CWMI|5.0|Robin Williams offers up a through provoking, touching, funny, and sad film... all rolled into one.  This movie is an emotional roller coaster with an outstanding supporting cast.  I would highly reccommend this film to anyone.
B00004SZWD|5.0|This may be the only perfect album I ever purchased. I recall waiting (along with every other music fan) for months for this work, thinking that it would be released in the next day or so. Some newspapers and magazines took out an advertisement with a semi-nude Azizi Johari saying &quot;Its almost ready&quot;. It was well worth the wait.<br />Stevie Wonder characterized his albums with a huge range of themes and emotions, from joy to sadness, hope to dispair. S.I.T.K.O.L. was no different, from &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot; to &quot;Knocks Me Off My Feet&quot;, from &quot;Have a Talk With God&quot; to &quot;Village Ghetto Land&quot;. They are all great. Paul Simon was right when he appeared to pick up a Grammy when he thanked Stevie for not producing a new album that preceeding year. <br />&quot;Until 8 times 8 times 8 times 8 is four.&quot; What a wonderful testament to love. It may also be that long until a talent like Stevie Wonder comes along again and makes a classic like this again.
B00000J6AG|5.0|this is great cd. i think this cd belongs in everybodys cd collection. i have two words for ya buy it
0679746048|3.0|I found Susanna Kaysen's book to be entertaining and insightful, but I didn't find it as involving as I would have hoped.  I wanted more to be written about the characters, their &quot;disorders&quot;, and how they're coping with their supposed illnesses.  Still, this book is funny, entertaining, and a good, mind-opening read.
B00004WMQ4|5.0|The power of this film is awe inspiring.  It is an exciting look into the world of chance, fait, and love.  If there were ever a movie to watch with your signifigant other, this would be it.  It's simply undescribable...
B000002UJQ|5.0|The title of the review says it all. I'm tired of all the noisy crap called &quot;music&quot; put out today. OK Computer chronicles a deeply disturbing story of isolation in modern society. If the lyircs and meoldies of this cd don't hit a chord inside you, you must not have a soul. I think my favorite track is &quot;No surprises&quot;.  The songs is like that voice inside you that says &quot;who cares about the world, leave me alone&quot;. The song portrays such a feeling of frustration. If i could only take 5 cd's with me on a desert island, this would be one of them. I think it should be one of your 5 choices too.
0440234743|4.0|John Grisham build his name writing legal thrillers. Unfortunatelly, after a while - the typical good lawyer / bad lawyer / honest lawyer / corrupted lawyer (or judge, or juror, or whatever) was getting a little tired. So he had to do in a different direction.<br />Even though the plot IS very original, and this book still deals with lawyers, I WAS able to put it down - and often... I felt all characters were weren't people I could relate to, somehow.
B00004Z459|5.0|PAPERCUT has a really cool techno/synthesizer and a sweet chorus. The two lead singers (Very Original) have scratchy voices but they go well together.<br />ONE STEP CLOSER has a great chorus and some talented &quot;geetar&quot; playing. The bass is pretty sweet too.<br />WITH YOU is incredible. I love this song! The chorus has a great background track.<br />I can't give it all away now can I?<br />GET IT IF YOU LIKE LIMP BIZKIT OR KORN OR EVEN P.O.D.
B000002LGW|5.0|My wife has been a huge fan of Depeche Mode over the years and slowly I have become a big fan.  My fan status was sealed when I listened to 101 and saw the film.  I'm a late bloomer but I know good music when I hear it and 101 is some great stuff!
6305750750|5.0|I have to say that The Phantom Menace does not deserve the wave of complaint it has received lately. Now, when I read some movie reviews, I see lines like, &quot;This film, unlike Episode One, meets all the hype.&quot; TPM has become a symbol of the disappointing movie! <br />But I'm here to say that it was not disappointing at all. <br />The Phantom Menace is an experience to behold, a marvel in storytelling, and worthy of the name Star Wars. It's a completely enthralling continuation of one of film's greatest tales. It must be seen. It has some of the best, most intense action you will ever see in a film. It is a rich, detailed epic of the rise of evil, with the themes, symbolism, and roots in mythology that keep the story going while the thrills keep it exciting. <br />This film should be commended for the visual richness it has. It is a masterwork of effects and images. So much detail is crammed into almost every scene; settings are populated with aliens, robots, and other things going on. George Lucas takes care to make the movie's sceneries, characters, aliens, and ships very detailed and turns it into an art. Thanks to the development of the effects and the attention to the aliens' bodies' own physics, the life-forms interact (and, to an extent, act) with the real human actors as if they were humans themselves. Wondrous settings like Gungan City and Coruscant each have their own characteristic traits. The costumes of Amidala, Maul, and others are likewise very detailed and impressive. All this makes the galaxy seem so real and convincing.<br />The action and thrill-factor are the most important elements of this film. Make no mistake about it. The excitement one gets from watching this film, through the action, is unbelievable. It is the type of action standard to Star Wars, but by no means standard. It's one of the fastest and most unrelenting action films ever, and it's ages beyond the previous films in terms of its intensity. The pod-racing scene is extremely fast and there's always a sense of constant motion one feels during this scene; not just from the velocity of the racers, but via details like the screeching engines and the hulls buckling under pressure from wind sheer. There are classic shootouts within palace halls, and even war-scale battles on the surface of Naboo. But the best example to illustrate the amazing thrills in this movie is the final lightsaber duel sequence. Not only is it better than all the previous duels, it is the perfect action scene overall. The duel itself is a complicated (a two-on-one) and incredibly fast masterpiece. The choreography is amazing, as we see the fighters compete with complex movements with swiftness and grace. John Williams composes the score for this film, and it shines. It's a brilliant score, with many nuances and memorable anthems and themes, one of them being the powerful and classic choral track Duel of the Fates, which plays during this scene. It is amazing how well all these elements converge in this scene, as in all the other action scenes in the film, to create awe-inspiring thrills. The music, the great action, and the dramatic camera movements combine to create a fight that seems symbolic in importance.<br />The Phantom Menace stands on its own as also having a grand, epic, and multi-layered story. Many aspects of the story can be overlooked or missed, probably because there's so much action and FX used on the surface that it may be hard to go down beneath the surface and realize that there is a good plot going on. But in reality the film actually contains many themes. There are the ideas of unity (episode one, the origin) and duality (the dual identities of Palpatine and Amidala, the twin forces within Anakin). The film is full of mythology: Darth Maul is as terrifying as any classic mythological figure; Anakin has the elements of the Chosen One in him; the final duel scene is a &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot;, and it's no coincidence that the title of that part of the score has that name. (The Fates were three Greek gods in charge of human life; three gods, and three fighters in this duel, with Anakin's life in the balance.) Also, the prequels are eventually going to be about the triumph of evil, and how that happens. We know that because in this episode we see our first look at it, through Palpatine and the introduction of Anakin. The foreshadowing at the end, when it comes, is brilliant. The heroes don't even know that they've just been defeated.<br />All of the above is why Episode One is superb. With the originality to chronicle the three-part Fall From Grace of one of the most fascinating characters in cinema history, the creativity that's represented in details like Darth Maul's face-of-evil makeup design, some of the greatest action scenes of all time, and the visual brilliance which takes us back to that galaxy far away, this film actually deserved to make as much money at the box office as it did; and this film does NOT deserve the recent trend of public backlash it's been getting. No film should be allowed to make money based solely on a name. But Star Wars: Episode One is indeed a genuinely excellent film, and does live up to that name.<br />We are so extremely fortunate that we're here right when Lucas has begun the next SW trilogy. It's quite fascinating when one thinks about it. I am giddy over the fact that there are still two more movies to come. And if they are as great as this one was (although I expect Episodes II and III to focus more on story and a little less on action), they'll become instant classics.
B00003CX95|5.0|This movie was wonderful from start to finish, and it really deserved those Acadamy Awards, especially for best picture. I think Mel Gibson did an outstanding job for directing, producing, and being the star of the film. Many of you people who say this movie is way too violent, then I suggust you don't watch it, because it's obvious it's going to be violent, just look at the cover of the film with Mel Gibson holding the sword. If you want to see a movie with a wonderful story and beautiful scenery, then I suggust you add Braveheart to your DVD library!!
6303073107|5.0|The desire to plumb the depths of the terrible unknowable nature of truth is the subtle theme of this classic whose title has become part of our film vocabulary.  If you have not seen this film you cannot consider your movie education anywhere near complete.   Kurowasa probably made five or six of the greatest films in just about any top ten films list, but this is the masterpeice that he will be remembered for hundreds of years in the future.
B000002UY5|5.0|If our planet was going to explode, and i could keep only 5 cds, this would certainly be one of them. Great music, superb lyrics, songs like &quot;i wonder&quot; and &quot;change&quot;, one of the best bands ever! They grunge, they funk, but most of all, they rock! Five stars!!
0385484518|5.0|I think this book is a wonderful read for people of all ages. It touches your heart and lets you get more in touch with your emotional side. It makes you reflect on your life and tells you not to take your life for granted. This book tells you that time is very precious and makes you realize how lucky you are. I strongly recommend this book to everyone. Being unable to read this book is like missing out in an essential part of your life. It shows the teachings and philosophy of a great man in his time, Mr. Morrie Schwartz.
B0000027RL|5.0|I can hardly review ten! Such great songs, the way they should always be, with true feelings, not only the lyrics, not only the vocals, but the musical parts and everything else...! Such an intensive album...! They're the greatest band, and they show it on &quot;black&quot;, &quot;once&quot; and &quot;garden&quot;, just to name a few! Grunge? They were never grunge! They were (and still are) the best rock band ever and this is their masterpiece!!!! Ten changed my life!
0385484518|5.0|I think this book is a wonderful read for people of all ages. It touches your heart and lets you get more in touch with your emotional side. It makes you reflect on your life and tells you not to take your life for granted. This book tells you that time is very precious and makes you realize how lucky you are. I strongly recommend this book to everyone. Being unable to read this book is like missing out in an essential part of your life. It shows the teachings and philosophy of a great man in his time, Mr. Morrie Schwartz.
B000002GJH|5.0|A golden page of the, not grunge, not rock, but music book! A must have for everyone! Need to say more!!!!!!!!!!!
6305074593|3.0|Michael Douglas plays a wealthy investment banker named Nicholas Van Orton. He is callous and rude lacking ethics and morals. Except for power and money, Van Orton has little else: no wife, no children and no life outside of the banking business. For his 48th birthday, Van Orton's brother, Conrad (Sean Penn) buys him a ticket to \\"The Game.\\" The game is a fictional attempt to destroy Van Orton's secure life of power and affluence. The adventure begins with Van Orton the multi-millionaire, and ends with Van Orton the pauper. \\"The Game\\" forces Van Orton to doubt and confuse fact with fiction, the real from the unreal. The viewer also faces the same dilemma constantly guessing whether he's watching a game or a real scenario.<br />\\"The Game\\" reminds me of John Fowles' novel \\"The Magus,\\" except that the movie lacks magic and mysticism. The object of \\"The Game\\" (like \\"The Magus\\") is to force the involuntary pawn (Van Orton) to experience a catharsis; that is, to change from a callous and uncaring individual, to one of humane endeavors and compassion. The movie is partially successful. Van Orton is certainly \\"changed\\" by the game, but I doubt that he gives his millions to charity, and lives a life pursuing causes more noble than the buck.<br />\\"The Game\\" is filled with adventure, drama, intrigue and \\"sitting on the edge of the seat\\" scenes, but it's hardly plausible. In order for the game to work, for it to be convincing, a cast of a thousand actors must complete each minute detail with no mistakes, no errors. The conspiracy against Van Orton is outrageously huge: perhaps several hundred actors. Perhaps the entire city of San Francisco - hardly believable.<br />For drama and its ability its hold the viewer's attention, \\"The Game\\" is a winner. For believability - \\"The Game\\" is far fetched.
B00003CX8I|3.0|Anyone looking for a good, fun movie with no baggage and no heavy emotional involvement would be well served by X-MEN.  This is not Orson Welles, it's not even Orson Scott Card, but it is fun nevertheless.  Patrick Stewart is a dead-on Xavier, and Hugh Jackman is almost as perfectly cast as Wolverine.  The costumes have been updated (and watch for jokes referencing the costumes from the comic series), and a few major characters from the cartoon show do not appear, such as the Beast and Jubilee, but overall this is a fun movie experience that will not disappoint but will not change your life, either.
0679879269|5.0|I have read, and re-read, every book by Pullman, and this seris is his best!!  I've been waiting for this book well over 1 1/2 years, and it exceeded my very highest expetations!!  You must read the 1st 2 books before this, however.  If you liked this, I would totally reccomend the Sally Lockheart trilogy, about a willful girl in the confining times of 19th century-England.  Again, this author rocks!!
0684853523|5.0|ON WRITING is Stephen King's latest foray into the world of writing, and I imagine this book, though it is non-fiction, will be as wildly successful as BAG OF BONES, which many believe to be King's best work.<br />Mr. King seems driven over the past few years by an impulse to impact his viewers and leave a legacy, a common impulse but one which he has the unique opportunity to fulfill through his writing.  ON WRITING will contribute to that legacy in a very substantial way.<br />The brief autobiography is a sometimes blunt, sometimes tender look at King's childhood, surrounded by monsters both real and imagined.  King's manual on how to write, however, is a brutal look at the realities of writing and the cost involved.  Anyone who has literary aspirations should not read this section without being prepared to be humbled and stripped of all pretensions to greatness.  Mr. King even offers a correction of his own draft to illustrate the painful process of good writing, and one is suprised to find that the ink used to scratch corrections on the page isn't blood-red.<br />This is yet another of King's great works, along the lines of THE STAND, CARRIE, THE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION, and BAG OF BONES.  Constant Readers will enjoy it immensely, but new readers should as well.
0671775308|5.0|The millionaire Next Door is a great book for everyone to read.  It's helpful for those who aren't educated in the financial aspect of things.  When I started reading the book I thought that it was just going to talk about those who are millionaires and no one would have known, but the book goes on to tell stories about the life of the &quot;north&quot; and the &quot;south&quot; (That's what the two types of people were referred to).  I was very suprised to hear how frugal the millionaires were with their money.  I also thought that it was really important how the &quot;north&quot; and the &quot;south&quot; raised their children.  It was interesting that the &quot;north&quot; which where the ones who were flashy with their wealth, didn't teach their children the meaning of money.  While the &quot;south&quot; taught their children the importance of saving money.  This study was interesting because when the kids got older they would spend money like how they were taught when they were younge.    I think that this book really inspires others that they too can be a millionaire.  Not only did the book talk about millionaires but it also stated that millionaires tend to live very simple lives such as not have the expensive cars and clothing.  And that is only because they save their money instead of spending.   I am looking forward to reading the second part of this series.  I believe that the other book talks more about what motivated them to save money and goes into more details about how they did it.
B0000047CW|5.0|Jazz samba the collaborative album of Stan getz and Charlie Byrd is one of the most beautiful and relaxing albums I own. From the opening track Destafino on throught to the final track Baia listening to JS is like being on the beach and watching the sun set. The Byrd getz combination is flawless the two artists compliment each other extremely well making this album a effortless listen, again and again.  If you are new to samba music this is where to begin.
B000003S0I|5.0|If you see many diverse ratings for this album then let me try to explain. It comes down to whether or not your mind is free enought to hear new ideas, sounds, and silence.  Listen to this album in a meditative state and all the abstract emotions of Lark's Tongue in Aspic will come more clear. This album shines in its diversity. Unlike other prog rock bands, like Yes and Moody Blues, King Crimson is structured in its organization and disorgination or is simply not structured at all. Why? Because that's life! The sound on this album is capable of hidden emotions not usually portrayed in music. And to top that off, its got some hard music you can jam too. Just because this music is different from today's music, it DoESn'T mEaN thAT THis AlBUM IS OUTDATED!  It means that people forgot what talented, artistic music sounds like. Buy it.
B000002UEB|4.0|I just want to say first of all that I'm just starting to get into the harder rock area of music.  For years I've been more of a pop/light rock listener.  However I've lately been trying to expand my musical horizons so I asked my younger brother to recommend some music.  This was one of the first albums he suggested, so I gave it a listen.  Then I arranged to buy it.  What a great album!  In addition to catchy, edgy music, the album tells a story about conspiracy, brainwashing, evil and the descent into despair.  Not a great subject area to get drawn too deeply into, but very entertaining to get a glimpse of.  Queensryche has done an excellent job of creating mood and telling a story without bogging down the album.
0783226063|3.0|this is the stripped down 2hr version.  i wonder if they will ever release the movie in it's entirety.  if it were, i'd bump the rating to 5.
0785751033|5.0|This stands alongside Eastman's \\"Go Dog Go\\" as a classic of children's literature. Though bound in the same style as Dr. Seuss's books, Eastman's illustrations are more gentle and humorous than they are fantastic. His books entertain children with their broadness, while captivating adults with the fineness of their expression. Eastman's dialog is simple enough for early readers to pick up words, yet complex enough to keep parents from being bored to tears on the thousandth reading. The story of a baby bird separated from its mother runs through several emotional phases (independence, discovery, loss, panic, fear, rediscovery), including the story arc's overall resolved drama, and invites children to surface and discuss their own separation anxieties. A must-have for every early reader that will turn into a book full of memories as they age.
B000002OX3|4.0|Before I review this, I have to take issue with Jules who reviewed A Quick One claiming that Townshend was the only talented member of the Who.  Totally false!  John Entwistle is one of the best bass players in rock and roll as was Keith Moon one of the best drummers of all time (for proof, listen to his fast and furious drumming on &quot;Cobwebs and Strange&quot; included here!)!  Roger Daltrey has a heck of a strong voice, too.  <br />I will agree, however, that Townshend is the tunesmith of the band.  John Entwistle's songs are clever and sinister (&quot;Whiskey Man&quot; and &quot;Boris the Spider&quot;).  Roger Daltrey's sole piece &quot;See My Way&quot; is only fair as is Keith Moon's &quot;I Need You&quot; (with his Beach Boys falsetto).  &quot;Don't Look Away&quot; is the Who's attempt to sound country and &quot;Run Run Run&quot; sounds a little like &quot;My Generation&quot;.  We're also missing the original &quot;Happy Jack&quot;.  The extras are songs from Ready Steady Who! (excepting &quot;Instant Party&quot; which was released on the American version of My Generation) and the American release Magic Bus (like &quot;Disguises&quot;, &quot;Doctor Doctor&quot; and &quot;Bucket T&quot;).    <br />Then of course there's Pete's 1st rock opera ever &quot;A Quick One While He's Away&quot;, which is by far the highlight of this CD.  A lonely girlguide misses her man who's been away &quot;for a night and a year&quot;.  Along comes Ivor the Engine Driver who promises &quot;I'm gonna make you feel allright!&quot;.
0425170349|4.0|You have to love Tom Clancy for giving such a compelling and blatant middle finger to all tree-huggers. Clancy makes these kooks very hateable in Rainbox Six. While the plot really does seem far-fetched (I can't imagine a Ted Kaczynski type having access to the resources the granola-types have in this story, nor can I believe that that many people would be able to keep their mouths shut about a plan to exterminate most of humanity), the threat of bio-war is a real one and will become even more frighteningly possible in the next few decades. Like the work of most of today's popular writers, Clancy's work will never be mistaken for great art, but he spins a yarn as well as anyone and has a Stephen King-like knack for keeping the pages turning. I highly recommend it to anyone who just wants to read an entertaining story. Unless you're a member of Greenpeace, that is.
B000002NJS|5.0|When I bought Ray of Light I did not expect that it would be such a personal album from Madonna.  In each and every song you can hear her passion for life, love and her new daughter, Lourdes.  Some of my favorite songs on this album include &quot;Nothing Really Matters&quot; which shows how Madonna has grown.  The song is about how selfish and self absorbed she was in the past, and now all that matters is her new baby.  Another song I love is &quot;Little Star&quot; which seems to be another message to baby Lourdes.  &quot;Power of Goodbye&quot; and &quot;Frozen&quot; are also awesome songs.  If you haven't bought this album already run to the store to get it.  It is one of my all time favorites!
B00004XOWM|1.0|25 years ago, Pink Floyd invisioned a future dystopian society obsessed with pop music that was easily accessible but otherwise trash...&quot;Welcome to the machine.&quot;. Unfortunately, at the dawn of the 21st Century, where art is supposed to be at a grand height, we face the fact that Limp Bizkit is #1 on the pop charts.  <br /> Let us name one thing that can be said that's original and truely great about this album? What CAN you call this album? Is it nu-metal? Is it hip-hop? Is it rap/rock? By all accounts, this is not the same form of music that was pioneered by Rage Against the Macine and the Beastie Boys 10 years ago. Instead, it's music placed on the same mantle as Britney Spears and 'N Sync--easily accessible, easily likable, trendy pop music...  Is Fred Durst the greatest MC of all time? Is he a Chuck D, a Rakim, a Q-Tip, an Eminem? By all accounts, listening to this album and his excessive bragging about album sales, isn't remotely close. Instead, his lyrics are ever changing--they don't remain the same throughout the album, bouncing off the walls like his whining voice until you don't know where he's coming from. <br /> Another fine example that shows Fred Durst's band....errr...I mean, Limp Bizkit, is DJ Lethal, who proves why he isn't in the turntablist family, alongside the Invizible Scratch Pixelz, Mixx Master Mike, DJ Shadow, DJ Q-Bert, or even DJ Barrow (of Portishead). Instead, Lethal's scratches and samples are like the structure of this faulted album itself--seemingly unoriginal, uninnovative, and certainly repetitive. By the time this album ends, you have you ask yourself, &quot;How many (times) can you scratch an old Salt 'N Pepa vinyl???&quot; <br />   Perhaps the lowest moment of this album comes with one of its first songs, &quot;Hot Dog&quot;. (In this)  Durst takes on and makes fun of Nine Inch Nails' self-depricating lyrics of &quot;Closer,&quot; and &quot;The Perfect Drug.&quot; But instead of this advantaging Durst, it only gives hima light that's already given him heavy criticism.... You wonder how empty his song-writing book was when he walked into the studio that day to record it. Initially, Durst  is becoming the next Puff Daddy--writing songs and basing them  off other hits that he could otherwise never write.<br /> Besides, Trent Reznor is a far more intelligent, innovative, and creative artist (in every sense of the word) than Durst will ever be. His albums have made him a critic's darling, while Fred and co. continue to be degenerated by the music press as bad-taste whipping boys. Adding other artsts to NIN's creative weight include Radiohead, (pre-break-up) Rage Against the Machine and Eminem, who all easily make Limp Bizkit into a bunch of screaming, sampling,(head) banging wannabees.<br /> If you want music that doesn't go too beyond, stays safe, plays for the  teen audience looking to be cool, MTV-friendly, and dumbed-down, get this album. If you're looking for more daring material that actually challenges the listeners for something original yet excellent, get &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot; by RATM, &quot;Kid A&quot; by Radiohead, Eminem's &quot;Marshall Mathers,&quot; Dido's &quot;No Angel,&quot; and NIN's &quot;The Fragile.&quot; All deffinitly new music that shows light in the present sad scene of modern music.
B00004XOWM|5.0|i read your reviews and frankly i'm sickened by them.  i want to see anyone of you guys/gals get out there and just try to do what bizkit does.  i'm not a big fan....in fact, this is the only lb cd that i have but all in all it a good cd.  the songs rock and would make anyone want to bounce.  vladimir wants us to believe that this cd stinks....well buddy, learn to spell (nothing could stink any worse than your sense of grammer).  maybe durst isn't trying to make a point.  maybe he just wants to have fun just like the rest of the world.  crawl out from underneath your cappuccino and just loosen up, get laid or something.  if you want a disk that you want to have fun to, get this one.  if you want a disk to tell you what's going wrong in the world, then get a life.  they're too short.  i have one.  do you?
B00000272N|5.0|While In 1990 I Saw Alice In Chains On MTV Called &quot;Man In The Box&quot; and &quot;Sea Of Sorrow&quot; Is What I Saw On MTV But &quot;Bleed The Freak&quot; Is So Freaky Like Faith No More's &quot;Underwater Love&quot; Is So Freaky As The Same.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|What is with this.  The Beatles catalogue is so spacious and varied that you'd be better off going through their work piece by piece.  It's ridiculous to think that one CD could suffice.  Cut me a break.  If you're interested in the Beatles, then go to any of their albums.  Then move on to another.  Forget these one disk collections.  I grew up thinking that everyone knew the entire Beatles catalogue because everything was worth listening to.  Do it.  Explore the whole Beatles.  These one shot disks are in the end not worth it.  They are just the smallest, tiniest bit of the iceberg.
B00004YW6I|5.0|After the electronic Is THis Desire? Polly decided to take her vintage Telecaster in her hands once again and to open her armchairs full of her sick and dirty blues melodies that made her the most famous woman in the indie world. She proves her songwriting skills once again and she changes her skin wearing a completely new dress. Polly discovers new way of creating music and left the Nick Cave's painful darkest world she lived in till nowdays. She's accompained by Mick Harvey and Rob Ellis and tells her stories from the city (which is New York, you know)with a real unespected controlled and velvet voice. She plays with the gain, the soft and spreading sounds, with the vibrato. The most direct and rock'n'roll addicted songs are Big Exit, The Whore hustlers and the Hustlers whore, the bluesy This's love, and the essential kamikaze that makes us think to the simplest songs out from 4-track Demos Lp, songs such as Easy or Reeling. In the others songs she builds soft bluesy nelodies (as John Parish and pascal comelade helped her to do). She finds her stenght also in the crying and touching voice of Thom Yorke, coming out for a while from the &quot;we're floating in the space&quot; Radiohead of the ne KId A. He sings with her in the great This mes we're in, and made chorus in other songs. Polly walks beetween fire and water, with the blues tradiction on her slim back and a great future in front of her face. Making one of the oldest work with big emotion; a black hand joined a white hand and gave life to rock'n'roll.
B000001Y5J|4.0|4 words to &quot;another reviewer&quot;: much ado about nothing. Instead of walking away with new feelings of disgust for the band I walked away with a headache.<br />Ok, now that I got that out of the way, I shall  review this CD. When I first listened to it I didn't quite get into it like I did with the other NIN CDs.  However, that doesn't mean it's not good. If you listen to it a few times in a row you soon start to dissect the songs, recognizing the words as well as the overall melody. In my opinion some of the best tracks are &quot;Gave up&quot; and &quot;Physical&quot;. After hearing them a couple of times i found myself singing them in my head days afterwards.  If you are not a NIN fan this is probably not the CD for you, as you will find yourself in a confused state after a few listens.<br />Now to get back to what I was saying The argument that NIN &quot;intensifies race hatred&quot; is about as true as saying the song &quot;Hit me baby one more time&quot; glorifies abusive relationships.  The ones who are out of control and must be stopped are the wannabes that try to elevate themselves (with their superior intelligence *snicker*) among us, people.                                          Ta-ta
0783235968|5.0|I don't remember the first time I saw this movie or exactly how many times I have seen it since or when I truly fell in love with it, but I know that I recommend it to everyone I know.       As a baseball fan, it is hard to watch this movie without some thought of the heros of the past.  The main baseball character is Shoeless Joe Jackson(Ray Liotta, mentioned also is the black sox scandal, and throughout the movie there are other references to famous ballplayers.       When you watch this movie, you also begin to realize that the field itself is a character of it's own.  You get to see where the idea came from, how it was lovingly constructed and then how it becomes so important to the plotline.  The field itself is magnificient surrounded by the fields of corn stalks.  There are even a few scenes in the movie where you may think that the sky is painted because it is too beautiful to be true.  It presents the perfectly safe place for the events of the movie to unfold.      This story is about baseball, but also about family.  It begins with a monologue from Ray Kinsella(Kevin Costner) who introduces us through a scrapbook to his family life up to the point that the story begins.  We follow this farmer through an amazing journey where he receives messages from a &quot;voice&quot; that he has to decipher and then follow.  And in the end Ray and the audience puts their meanings together. This adds a sort of mysticism to the story, where although it is truly a work of fiction, you will want to believe it could be true.      Another superb performance is turned in by James Earl Jones who is playing Terrance Mann a writer from the 60's.  The speech that he makes during the movie is truly powerful and very memorable.      Without giving away the whole movie, I just want to say that if you have any interest in baseball, or just remember playing catch with your father, please get this movie.  You won't be sorry.
B00003XAQ5|5.0|This is, of course, a classic recording. But if you REALLY want to hear this music at its best, you should definitely consider getting the SACD version (also available from amazon.com). It makes even the most recent redbook CD reissue of &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; sound like an AM radio broadcast being amplified through a megaphone. Of course, you'll need to get an SACD-compatible player, but there's currently no better way to enjoy this wonderful recording!<br />And if you don't believe it, you probably haven't heard it...
076790382X|4.0|Unlike the excellent &quot;A Walk In the Woods,&quot; our well-traveled friend makes most of his observations from his home in New Hampshire.  As he walked the AT in &quot;Woods,&quot; I pictured Bill sitting on a log jotting down anecdotes on a notepad he has tried desparately to keep dry.  In &quot;Stranger,&quot; I picture him typing furiously as Mrs. Bryson is pleading with him to enter the attic for the box of Christmas lights.<br />&quot;Stranger&quot; does not have as much of the historic perspective as &quot;Woods,&quot; but it is not really called for here, and when it is, it is used accordingly.  Those that feel that the Britons reading the articles that spawned this book will leave with a twisted sense of America should consider the following:  I cannot walk outside my home because there is no sidewalk; there is 24 hour coverage of the same political stories on as many as 10 different cable channels; and there really is an 800 number on my dental floss.  There is no place like home.<br />Good work, ol' chap.<br />Looking forward to my next Bryson book, and as Amazon.com points out, the ones I do not own are already on my &quot;Recommended&quot; list.  Who says you can't find good help when you need it?
B00004Y7SF|5.0|This xmas cd shows how christina's voice has matured since her first album. She sings the songs beautifully with so much emotion that you are sure that she does truly love xmas like she says. Christina is one of the best artists out now and every fan and xmas album collector should pick this up.
B00003CX7L|5.0|My soon to be 5 year old loved this movie although she didn't enjoy the first one. It moves a little slow in some spots but all kids can relate to the characters and the humor. I even sat through this one without a yawn. Disney has found a way to make a sequel that surpassed the first movie.
B00004YA66|4.0|I went to see this movie because it was one of the only movies at the theatre I hadn't seen (and wasn't Pokimon!).<br />Very pleasantly surprised!  It had a good plot, acting, and many twists.  All in all, a really good movie!  One of the better movies to come out in the last couple of years.
0399146253|3.0|Little did I know that I should have re-read Cornwell's last book before starting this one. It is not only a continuation but she takes the attitude that you MUST have read her last book so you need little or no grounding in the plot and characters.<br />Very disappointing in her resolution and darn if she hasn't set us up for the next volume.<br />It is also getting tiresome to have Scarpetta in such a slump. It is not unusual for characters to have some painful episodes but Cornwell seems to enjoy torturing her main character now.
B000002BUY|5.0|this is incubus' best outing by far.  i have all of their cds (including the imports) and they are my fave band.  but this cd is incredible.  people are always like &quot;yeah, incubus, they sing stellar right?&quot; but noone remembers this cd, which gets my vote for best cd ive ever listened to.  favorite things is the best song on it.  also, sorry kilmore, but i like dj lyfe better.  keep up the good work guys!
B00004T9UH|5.0|If you are considering buying this CD, I strongly encourage it. I understand many of you are forced to buy the edited version instead of the explicit versions, and are expecting dissapointment. You should be in for a pleasant surprise. The CD is better than the explicit version. &quot;Kim&quot; a violent, vulgar, boring song is replaced by a hilarious song callled &quot;The Kids&quot;, in which Eminem uses his great voice talents in a number of roles tellign a hilarious story through song. Classic Slim Shady. Another outstanding song is the hit &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, a great song with a catchy chorus. Another great song is the sad, but realistic song &quot;Stan&quot;, about a fan that kills himself and his pregnant girlfriend because Eminem doesn't respond to his letters. It shows the real Marshall Mathers. Other songs worth mentioning are &quot;The Way I Am&quot; (very catchy backbeat, great lyrics), and &quot;Criminal&quot; (cool lyrics). If you are still contemplating whether or not to buy this CD, take my word for it and purchase it.
0671034065|1.0|This is one of the worst books I have ever read.  <br />It has a thinly conceived, unlikely plot, and is poorly written and edited (i.e. the thought at the beginning of chapter 2 does not make sense given the ending of chapter 1, the main character's [Jaine's] name is spelled incorrectly toward the end of the book [Jane]). Suggestions to the author and the editor: Invest in spell check software and use it, and actually read the proofs before a book goes into hardback print.<br />None of the characters are developed to the point that any avid reader would likely care about them, or their demise.  The entire concept of the book is in itself demeaning to women and to men, as well as to the mentally ill.<br />In my opinion this book is absolute trash.  Simon and Shuster should be ashamed to have allowed this to go into print.  If this is typical of Linda Howard's work, it is a sad statement that she is a \\"NY Times best-selling author:\\" A sad statement as to the state of US reader's ability to discern garbage from good writing.
B00004T9UH|5.0|If you are considering buying this CD, I strongly encourage it. I understand many of you are forced to buy the edited version instead of the explicit versions, and are expecting dissapointment. You should be in for a pleasant surprise. The CD is better than the explicit version. &quot;Kim&quot; a violent, vulgar, boring song is replaced by a hilarious song callled &quot;The Kids&quot;, in which Eminem uses his great voice talents in a number of roles tellign a hilarious story through song. Classic Slim Shady. Another outstanding song is the hit &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, a great song with a catchy chorus. Another great song is the sad, but realistic song &quot;Stan&quot;, about a fan that kills himself and his pregnant girlfriend because Eminem doesn't respond to his letters. It shows the real Marshall Mathers. Other songs worth mentioning are &quot;The Way I Am&quot; (very catchy backbeat, great lyrics), and &quot;Criminal&quot; (cool lyrics). If you are still contemplating whether or not to buy this CD, take my word for it and purchase it.
B00004YC2F|5.0|Let me speak first of the concerto.<br />I can't believe the Amazon reviewer compared this performance to the perfection which constitutes the legendary Weissenberg/Pretre performance!<br />Weissenberg and Pretre are glorious, sexy, pulverising monsters in this monster of a work, and they are recorded very well, for that day, and for this.<br />Volodos and Levine, however, are a completely different story (beyond the obvious). So much of the passion and yearning, the identity behind this work, which I love immensely, is sacrificed in efforts of providing smoothness and coherence. It's a great goal to have, but not to such an extreme, not at such a high cost. THIS IS RACHMANINOV! <br />Levine's accompaniment might as well have been computer generated, and the sound on this disc is awful. But that's not what's disappointing. A soloist in any concerto can be the only factor necessary for redemption. <br />Unfortunately, Volodos adds little. He seems to be trying to prove himself a sensitive 'musician,' and not just a technical wiz-kid, as everybody thinks to know him from his past two Sony albums. I wish he weren't all of a sudden so ashamed of his gift. He's obviously a great musician, and has great technique (meaning CONTROL, not ability for speed), but he feels the need to downplay his own personality in this work, giving a performance that might as well have come from any of the many pre-pubescent 'virtuoso' brats in the world.<br />Now, for everything else.<br />I feel a certain lack of this and that on most of the disc's remaining content, which is mostly filler, but there are still a few moments to make us pianists (and piano buffs) green with envy. Just not white with shock. However, if I had to buy this disc again, and not listen to anything before or after Volodos' transcription of the Andante from the cello sonata, I would feel completely justified in paying its cost. He plays this wonderful transcription with a such great feeling. And for this reason alone,I give this disc the rating of Five Stars.
6303022901|5.0|I knew I would love this movie because I loved the book and love all of Amy Tan's writings.  I didn't find it difficult to follow at all. I went with my mother and she really enjoyed it also...especially the tearful ending.  The movie looked good, too.  The costumes and settings were beautiful and even the actors were extraordinarily attractive...particularly Tamlyn Tomita. I remember her in The Karate Kid II.
B00004S6GL|3.0|I approached this album as I would an album by a new artist.  I forgot all about the previous recordings and just focused on this one.  This cd is so close to a 4 it hurts but I have to rate it fairly.  I think this cd has some genuinely great songs on it(Easy Way Out, LA, Son of Sam, and Wouldn't Mama Be Proud are all outstanding in their own way), but there are songs that I think pull down the album (Somebody That I Used To Know, Everything Means Nothing To Me, Pretty Mary K, and Stupidity Tries are all forgetable).  All the other songs just fall into the middle.  This is worth buying and I don't regret it.  I believe it'll grow on me come a few more months.
B00004XOWM|4.0|The CD as a whole is pretty good. If you like heavy rock and rap then this album is for you. There are a few tracks that shine like &quot;My Generation&quot;, &quot;Full Nelson&quot;, &quot;Rollin'&quot;, and &quot;Boiler&quot;. Also the &quot;Livin' it up&quot; song is pretty bad for riding in your car. Go out and buy this CD you won't be disappointed
B00000AFHM|4.0|This is my first Belle and Sebastian cd and i'm sure there will be more to come.  This album would be flawless except for Seymour Stein (sounds as if an amateur wrote it simple and boring) and Chickfactor (argh it's soo dull).  But with songs like Brillant Career, Sleep the Clock Around, Summer Wasting, Space Boy Dream, and Dirty Dream 2 it's hard not to absolutely love this after the first listen to.  And i love it when a band pays as much attention to its cover art as its music, this album just stares at you from the music shelf.  And it's available in vinyl, oh how i love vinyl it's like this band knows me!  I feel like i've found some rare gem.  I think it's great that not many people know about this band, it's like being apart of secret club.  Just go out and buy this album.
B000001F6N|5.0|I'm a fan of both Green and Mayall. And in both these senses my expectations were more than satisfied with \\"A Hard Road\\". There's a sense of professionalism in the album which I didn't notice even in \\"Beano\\"(maybe due to Green whose talents go beyond his guitar playing) and the sound is lean and mean - I think they did away with the horn section which used to be an integral part of the original Mayall sound. Mayall's vocals is in fine form and there is a conscious effort to take the music beyond the basic blues form. the opening track is a killer and so are the interpretations of the two blues standards - you dont love me and dust my blues. Green's guitar playing just flows (much more aggressive than his playing with fleetwood mac) and probably as a followup to \\"hideway\\" by clapton in beano, green electrifies with freddie king's the stumble. but the highlight of the album is his haunting instrumental \\"Supernatural\\" which is as moody and atmospheric as it gets in rock music (clapton had a very good feel for his guitar - such good responses! - but green had a better feeling for feeling, which is much more important in blues). Green has also sung one of the tracks in the album. Very good specimen of white boy blues, this.
6304698658|5.0|This is the the funniest movie to watch around christmas time. I would not watch it with younger childeren though because of the language but it is a very funny movie. The best parts are when Clark goes crazy cause the lights wont come on and starts to kick the lawn ornaments. Then you got the squirrel which is way too funny and you cant forget about good ol aunt bethany. So overall if you want a hilarious christmas movie get this if you want a funny family movie get christmas story
0375703764|5.0|What do you do when you've lost all sense of reality? What happens when you've spent three days alone in the dark? The scariest things in life live within our own minds.<br />When I first picked up this book, I thought &quot;what a load of crap&quot;.  I had no interest in the too many footnotes, the artsy typeface, and the letters from Johnny's insane mother. The comparisons to the blair witch project abound and that turned me off too. But there's more. I couldnt put it down and I realized the labrinth chapter was perfect after I finished it.<br />I can't stop thinking about it now. That's made it worth every cent. Some people have nothing to be afraid of. They are comfortable in their own little bubble. Some of us will spend the rest of our lives fighting the demons that haunt us. What are your demons? What do they say to you in the dark when you're alone and you can't sleep?
B00003CX7L|4.0|The sequel to 'Toy Story' (oh, surprise!) is, I think, the better movie.<br />It builds on what we already know from the original, and principally concentrates on the stars of the first movie, Woody and Buzz.  Woody, as an old toy, is shown in the context of the old TV show tie ins, where the character was sprayed across all kinds of products, whereas Buzz, as a currently produced toy, is shown within the context of new models, extra bits that must be bought, computer games and such.<br />I also far preferred the villain of this one - rather than a toy torturing kid, we have the fanatical collector and seller of &quot;rarities&quot; - an a generally nasty piece of work is this guy Al.<br />All the characters from the original toys from the first movie are back, and we get some new ones - Tourguide Barbie being a suitably clichd addition.  Obviously the characters of 'Woody's Roundup' and Buzz Lightyear's foe, Zurk, are more rounded characters than the minor ones.<br />This movie also includes artificial bloopers in the closing credits - like in 'A Bug's Life', which are also very much appreciated.<br />If you liked the first 'Toy Story', you should like this - and even if you didn't, you should still think about watching this one.
0316286443|5.0|A chatty, happy, feel good book. The &quot;fantasy&quot; pictures are gorgeous, and the before and afters are just as fabulous. Find Martha Stewart and tell me if you don't see her in a completely new light. <br />I love that this book doesn't say &quot;you have to be X way to be beautiful&quot; it says &quot;find out what works for you and play it up baby! You're Beautiful!&quot; <br />I took it to work for someone to look at for a few minutes, I didn't get it back for a week. Five other people had to borrow it before I saw it again. It was a handy tool for my friends getting ready for halloween parties and I've felt a little more glamerous every day since I bought it. If that doesn't say something, I don't know what will.
B00003CXFG|4.0|The first 10-15 min. of the movie you don't have too much of an idea of what's going on accept a classic start, with a spaceship and its passangers all sleeping until the ship reaches the destination but something goes wrong. You are not sure who the nice guy is and who is the bad guy. The movie does a good job of taking its time to develop the plot. Beautiful cinematography, very interesting landscapes and some really cool, special effects. And the pace and terror gets better and better as the movie progresses. This is definitely a movie which will keep you glued to your couch and chew on that popcorn as hard as you can. Great Sci-fi , not many of those come around.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Chocolate Starfish is the best Limp Bizkit cd to come out.  I have all 3 of their albums and by far this one beats them all.  It has party songs like Hot Dog, My Generation, and both versions of Rolling especially the one with DMX &amp; Method Man.  It also has the slow thoughtful songs like Hold On and It'll Be Okay.  Sure it sounds more like a rap cd than rock but thats not a bad thing.  Most LB fans listen to rap music also.  I don't know why everybody dislikes it.  Who cares if they can't write lyrics, they're a party band not serious political revolutionaries like RATM or System of A Down.  3 Dollar Bill was never this catchy or slick.  This cd seriously needs to be cranked up to max volume in your car to get the full effect.  You'll be headbanging and bobbin your head.
0385484518|5.0|I cannot think of any word to describe the emotion I got from reading this book. If there should be any at all, it has to be &quot;intense&quot;. &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; should be read by every living soul there is and this is why I've decided to write this review; I am neither articulate in my language nor am I writer to begin with but I have been inspired. I don't want to die knowing I haven't lived life to the fullest. As a young person who's starting out in this now complicated world, I have been blinded by many superficial characters, material comforts of no neccesity so surround me. Like many today, my desire to own grows by the day. But after reading this book, not once but a couple of times, it has changed my life, shaped it to be better and encouraged me to face and experience life from a different light. One of my favourite paragraphs, &quot;We've got a form of braninwashing going on in our country,...owning things is good, More money is good..more is good...the average person is so fogged up by all this, he has no perspective on what's really important anymore.&quot;  Morrie has indeed lived up to being the &quot;teacher to the last&quot;; his enlinghtening lessons have so made me embrace life to the fullest. A truly awesome book that should be shared with your loved ones.
